nm0010939:

 Shadowhunter (1993)Summaries A burned-out LA cop is sent to a Navajo reservation to bring back a murder suspect. The cop must traverse a forbidden desert territory and struggle against his suspect's mystical powers. John Cain is a big city cop who journeys deep into the heart of Navajo darkness to catch a brutal killer in this contemporary Western Thriller. A homicide detective on the verge of personal and career burn out, is sent to the Navajo reservation in Arizona to transport a mystic "coyote man" wanted for murder back in Los Angeles, but when the killer escapes from his custody, Cain must track him down across the forbidden Sonoran desert on horseback. Warned of the killer's mythical power to "skinwalk" - Cain is plunged into a deadly confrontation where predator becomes prey - and the quest for justice becomes a battle for his very soul. Emerald Shadowhunter - Native American expression for a person who, though once emotionally and spiritually strong, is now weak because his or her life is out of harmony. Shadowhunter is a mystical thriller, the spellbinding story of desperate big city cop John Cain ( Scott Glenn ) who is sent to a Navajo reservation to bring back murder suspect Nakai Twobear ( Benjamin Bratt ). The cop must traverse a forbidden desert territory and struggle against his suspect's mystical powers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beastmaster 2: Through the Portal of Time (1991)211) Dar is a warrior who can talk to the beasts. He is forced to travel to Earth to stop his evil brother from stealing an atomic bomb and turning their native land from a desert into, well - a desert. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the land of Arok, the nomad warrior Dar (Marc Singer), known as the Beastmaster for his magical ability to control animals, is taken prisoner by the evil warlord, Arklon (Wings Hauser). Dar refuses to divulge the location of rebel forces and is sentenced to death. The executioner is interrupted by Dar's pet tiger, Ruh, while his ferrets, Podo and Kodo, chew through their master's bonds, allowing him to defeat Arklon's soldiers. When the warlord fights back with a magical laser device called the "Key of Magog," Dar's eagle, Sharak, tears at Arklon's face, enabling the Beastmaster to escape. Sometime later, rebel forces are led into a narrow gorge by a treasonous witch named Lyranna (Sarah Douglas). After Arklon's army annihilates the rebels, Lyranna offers to make him the most powerful man on planet Earth. Lyranna speaks in modern English slang which confuses Arklon and she tells him that she has been to a place where others imagine beyond space and time. Meanwhile, Dar encounters a deformed swamp creature who identifies herself as the sister of his late father, King Zed. She explains her appearance as the result of practicing "forbidden rituals," and informs Dar that he has a brother, who was raised by evil high priests. The creature predicts the end of the world at his brother's hands, unless Dar kills him before the autumn equinox. At Arklon's fortress, Lyranna reveals a portal leading to the modern day city of Los Angeles, California, which exists in a parallel dimension. In nearby Long Beach, California, is the Strategic Research and Development Center, which houses the "neutron detonator", a weapon so terrible that its possessor could control the world. Arklon reluctantly agrees to Lyranna's offer to secure the detonator in exchange for becoming his queen. In Los Angeles, Jackie Trent (Kari Wuhrer), the spoiled teenage daughter of United States Senator Herbert Trent, drives recklessly through the streets with two police cars in pursuit. Attempting to evade the officers, Jackie enters an alley, and all three cars pass through the portal to Arklon's fortress. Soldiers surround the two policemen, who assume they have stumbled into a science fiction convention. When the soldiers set fire to the police cars, the officers jump back through the portal and escape, while Jackie speeds away from the fortress. Hours later, her car runs out of fuel and she searches the wilderness for a gasoline station in the vast desert. After camping for the night, she is awakened by Dar and his animals. Jackie assumes Dar is a circus performer and joins him on his quest, hoping he can lead her back to the city. The next day, Arklon's soldiers kidnap Jackie and return her to the fortress. Arklon, who now hides his scarred face behind a partial leather mask, explains Jackie's presence in the parallel dimension, and promises to return her to Los Angeles if she assists him in acquiring the neutron detonator. Although Jackie knows nothing of the weapon, she falsely claims that her father can accommodate the warlord. Dar makes his way to the fortress and passes through the portal in pursuit of Jackie, Arklon, and Lyranna. The warlord notices the letter "A" embossed in the palm of Dar's right hand, indicating they are brothers. He ruptures a gas pipe, trapping Dar behind a wall of flames while Jackie guides the two villains through the city. Dar is hospitalized after police subdue him with a Taser, and his tiger is placed in a zoo. On the street, Jackie tells Arklon and Lyranna that their strange attire is drawing unwanted attention, and convinces them to shop for new clothes. When she flees her captors, the enraged Arklon wrecks the clothing store, and police release a composite sketch of the perpetrator. The next day at a police station, Detectives Coberly (James Avery) and Bendowski (Robert Fieldsteel)) question Dar about wanting to know who he is and where he comes from, but Dar refuses to talk. When Dar sees the wanted police sketch of Arklon, he manages to grab his sword and escapes through a window to continue his quest. Jackie happens by and drives Dar hide out in her Beverly Hills home. Meanwhile, Arklon steals the uniform of a drunken military officer and gains access to the Strategic Research and Development Center, where he is joined by Lyranna. Dar and Jackie see the uniformed warlord on a television newscast and follow him to Long Beach. Arklon and Lyranna break into the facility and steal the weapon, unaware that they have triggered its detonation timer. Using his mind reading skills, Arklon learns of Lyranna's plot to kill him and usurp his throne, so he abandons her in Long Beach and speeds back toward the portal in a stolen jeep. Jackie and Dar give chase, accompanied by Lyranna, who offers to help defeat the warlord. Upon reaching the portal, Lyranna agrees to apprise Senator Trent of the situation, motivated by her lust for powerful men. Arklon evades capture and makes his way to the zoo. Dar and Jackie follow, guided by Sharak. The warlord shoots the eagle out of the sky with the Key of Magog, then creates a flaming crevice in the ground. Ruh, the tiger, breaks free from his cage and assists the ferrets in relieving Arklon of the detonator and the key. The brothers engage in a sword-fight, which ends with Arklon falling into the flames, declaring "The world is mine!" While Dar attends to his wounded eagle, police escort Admiral Binns to the site, and he disarms the bomb with only a second to spare. When Dar and Jackie return to the portal, he bestows his ferrets on her and promises to return, now that he has possession of the key. Back in his own world, Dar encounters a group of pilgrims who gather to worship Jackie's abandoned car, and dance to music from its stereo system. 
 Lightning Jack (1994)Summaries Lightning Jack Kane is an Australian outlaw in the wild west. During a bungled bank robbery he picks up mute Ben Doyle as a hostage. The two become good friends, with Jack teaching Ben how to rob banks, while they plan Jack's last heist. Rob Hartill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Young Guns II (1990)Summaries In 1881, cattle baron John Chisum pays a bounty to Patrick Floyd Garrett to kill outlaw Billy the Kid. Billy "The Kid" and his gang are wanted by the law, and when "Doc" Scurlock and Chavez are captured, Billy has to save them. They escape and set south for Mexico. "Let's hire a thief to catch one", John S. Chisum said, so he paid Pat Garrett, one of Billy's former partners, $1000 for the killing of William H. Bonney aka Billy "The Kid". Lars J. Aas <larsa@colargol.edb.tih.no> The movie begins with the aging Brushy Bill Roberts narrating his story to a young historian. His claim? He claims that he is the famous outlaw William H. Bonney, alias Billy the Kid, who was supposedly shot and killed by Patrick Floyd Garrett in 1881. The old man gives a very convincing story on how he and Garrett, along with Arkansas Dave Rudabaugh, Chavez y Chavez, Doc Skurlock, and a few others led the outlaw life and avoided the law, as they were wanted men. Garrett, a friend of Billy's, was paid by John Chisum, a cattle king, to eliminate Billy the Kid. So, Garrett and Ashmun Upson set out on a journey to find Billy the Kid. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 