nm0007060:

 Blue's Clues (19962020)Summaries Blue is a puppy who puts her paw prints on three clues. Steve or Joe has to deduce the clues (with the help of off-screen children) to figure out what Blue wants to do. Blue's Clues is a breakthrough play-along show that allows its preschool audience to "step inside" and become part of a bright, fanciful world where the host, Steve, lives with his animated puppy, Blue. The audience actively participates in Steve's daily routine and helps solve everyday problems, all within a context of entertaining games and activities. Blue's Clues is designed to develop preschoolers' thinking, reasoning and social skills through an educational approach called "flexible thinking," a theory that recognizes that children need to learn, not just what to think, but how to think for themselves. Blue's Clues uses a play-along format, which encourages kids to actively participate in using the clues as they view the program. Hotlink Blue's Clues is a show where the two main characters are Blue and Steve (1996-2001), or in later episodes, Joe(2001- ). Blue is a dog who always wants to do something but Steve never knows what. Steve interacts with the viewers through the television and they play Blue's clues, to see what Blue wants to do. <Justinrh@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blue's Big Holiday (2001 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jack Frost (1998)Summaries A father who can't keep his promises dies in a car accident. One year later, he returns as a snowman who has the final chance to put things right with his son before he is gone forever. Jack Frost is a singer who's on the road most of the time so he can't spend a lot of time with his son Charlie, although they love each other very much. When Jack dies in a car accident, Charlie becomes a very sad young man, until... Jack returns as a snowman! Now they can do all the things they've missed when Jack was human, but what will people think when they see Charlie talking to a snowman and what will happen when the weather gets warmer? Peter Huiskes <huiskes@westbrabant.net> After dying in a car accident, a father named Jack cannot keep his promises to his son Charlie. Charlie becomes very upset when all of the sudden Jack turns into a snowman. Now the two of them can do all the things they want together when Jack was human before he goes away forever. Steve Shedloski It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sesame Street (1969 )Summaries On a special inner city street, the inhabitants, human and muppet, teach preschool subjects with comedy, cartoons, games, and songs. The setting is in a small street in a city where children and furry puppet monsters learn about numbers, the alphabet and other pre-school subjects taught in commercial spots, songs and games. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Since it aired in 1969 with lovable Muppets, memorable songs and endearing characters, the award-winning Sesame Street has been the most widely viewed preschool television series in the world. Big Bird, Elmo, Oscar the Grouch, Cookie Monster, Bert and Ernie are just some of the household names that have educated and entertained millions of viewers in over 140 countries. With enduring humor and sketches that work on many levels, Sesame Street continues to deliver a solid academic and social education that parents trust and children love. Hotlink It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 