nm0004710:

 The English Patient (1996)761) At the close of World War II, a young nurse tends to a badly-burned plane crash victim. His past is shown in flashbacks, revealing an involvement in a fateful love affair. October 1944 in war torn Italy. Hana (Juliette Binoche), a French-Canadian nurse working in a mobile army medical unit, feels like everything she loves in life dies on her. Because of the difficulty traveling and the dangers, especially as the landscape is still heavily booby-trapped with mines, Hana volunteers to stay behind at a church to care solely for a dying semi-amnesiac patient, who is badly burned and disfigured. She agrees to catch up to the rest of the unit after he dies. All the patient remembers is that he is English, and that he is married. Their solitude is disrupted with the arrival at the church of fellow Canadian David Caravaggio (Willem Dafoe), part of the Intelligence Service, who is certain that he knows the patient as a man who cooperated with the Germans. Caravaggio believes that the patient's memory is largely intact, and that he is running away from his past, in part, or in its entirety. The patient does open up about his past, all surrounding his work as a cartographer in North Africa, which was interrupted by the war. He may not be running from his work as a spy for the Germans as Caravaggio believes, but rather the memory of an affair he had with married Katharine Clifton (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas), the love of his life, and the memory of a promise not totally fulfilled. Hana may also test her theory of her fates with love and death as she embarks on a relationship of her own with Kip Singh (Naveen Andrews), a Sikh from India, whose unit has camped on the now overgrown lawn of the church. Their work entails sweeping for and diffusing mines, the discovery of one such mine which had earlier saved her life. Huggo The sweeping expanses of the Sahara are the setting for a passionate love affair in this adaptation of Michael Ondaatje 's novel. A badly burned man, Count Laszlo de Almsy (Ralph Fiennes), is tended to by a nurse, Hana (Juliette Binoche), in an Italian monastery near the end of World War II. His past is revealed through flashbacks involving a married Englishwoman and his work mapping the African landscape. Hana learns to heal her own scars as she helps the dying man. Jwelch5742 Beginning in the 1930s, this movie tells the story of Count Laszlo de Almsy (Ralph Fiennes), who is a Hungarian map maker employed by the Royal Geographical Society to chart the vast expanses of the Sahara Desert, along with several other prominent explorers. As World War II unfolds, Almsy enters into a world of love, betrayal, and politics that is later revealed in a series of flashbacks while Almsy is on his death bed after being horribly burned in a plane crash. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> A burn victim, a nurse, a thief, and a sapper find themselves in each others company in an old Italian villa close to the end of World War II. Through flashbacks, we see the life of the burn victim, whose passionate love of a woman and choices he made for her ultimately change the lives of one other person in the villa. Not only is this movie a search for the identity of the English patient, but a search for the identities of all the people in the quiet old villa. Sarah Greenberg In a crumbling villa in World War II Italy, during the final days of the European campaign, young, shell-shocked war nurse Hana (Juliette Binoche) remains behind to tend her doomed patient - a horribly burned pilot. Through the gradual unravelling of his life and the appearance of old family friend David Caravaggio (Willem Dafoe) and young Sikh sapper Kip Singh (Naveen Andrews), the question of identity is explored. Gustaf Molin <gustaf.molin@usa.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with an unseen hand painting a swimming human figure. As the illustration is finished, the background shifts to a desert landscape and the figure blends in with the dunes. A biplane is flying across Northern Africa. In the front seat is a woman who appears to be asleep. The plane is spotted by a military outpost. The soldiers begin yelling in German and open fire on the plane with a flak cannon. The plane is severely damaged. The pilot attempts to pull the woman from the front of the plane but it soon bursts into flame and the man is forced to bail out. His face, arms and chest take the full force of the fire. The man is later found by a small group of Bedouins, who transport him to a camp where a healer mixes a salve from a series of small vials and applies it to the horrific burns on the pilot's face. At a seaside resort in Tuscany in 1944, a British officer is interrogating the same man, whose face and hands have mostly healed but have left him weak, scarred and in need of regular morphine injections to stifle the pain. The pilot is being tended to by a young nurse named Hana. The man admits to being able to speak both English and German and that he can't remember anything before his accident. Finding it very difficult to breathe, he asks the British officer to let him rest. Hana is later seen in a camp near a battle zone in Tuscany donating blood. A nearby patient, who is close to death, asks if there's anyone in the tent from his Canadian home town. Hana's friend Jenny mentions that Hana's fianc is from the same town. The dying soldier says that he was killed a couple of days ago. Hans becomes distraught; she believes she's cursed and that anyone who tries to be close to her dies. The medical unit packs up and heads north through Italy, following the Allied front as they push the German army back into Europe. As the caravan drives along a gravel road, Jenny comes alongside Hana's truck in a jeep, asking Hana for money to spend in the next village. Hana laughingly refuses but still gives Jenny some money. As her jeep zips away it hits a mine and explodes. While a couple of men sweep the road with metal detectors Hana suddenly walks past them toward Jenny's jeep. The mine crew yells for her to stop, telling her she could step on another mine. Hana has spotted a small bracelet belonging to Jenny in the road -- one of them men carefully picks it up and gives it to her. The other man, a Sikh in a turban, goes back to disarming a mine he'd found. Hana decides that she'll take the burned man to a abandoned villa on a nearby hilltop and tend to him until he dies. Her commanding officer is reluctant but also realizes she can use some time off from the front line. He tells her to rejoin the unit in Livorno after the burned man dies. Hana sets about making the bombed-out villa livable and has her patient settled into one of the bedrooms. A stranger shows up, David Caravaggio, whom is missing both thumbs. He claims to be working for the Italian government, disarming local citizens and partisans before they can cause trouble behind the front. Caravaggio brings her some eggs and slyly steals a few vials of morphine that Hana has for the patient. The man in the turban, Kip, also shows up when Hana plays Bach on an old piano. He fires a single pistol shot to stop her so he can inspect the piano, saying that the Germans would place bombs in pianos to kill civilians. Surely enough, he finds one. He says he'll stay with his junior officer, Hardy, and inspect the rest of the house and property for more explosives. Hana jokes with Kip about how her mother always said she'd summon the man she'd marry by playing the piano. The burned patient remembers the time before the outbreak of the war, despite his claim that he has amnesia. Then known as Count Laszlo de Almsy, a cultured and introverted Hungarian cartographer, he was part of an expedition to map the Sahara Desert from the air. Almsy's best friend is Madox, who helps bring in a couple of wealthy benefactors to fund their efforts. The donors are Geoffrey and Katherine Clifton who have also brought another plane that will help expand their expedition. Almsy is leery of Katharine joining them in the desert, but is also very attracted to her. He meets her one day in the Cairo bazaar after she's bought a woven table covering. He insists they take it back to the merchant she bought it from, saying she'd been cheated because she didn't bargain with the man, something the merchants find insulting. She insists they don't bother. Geoffrey flies off to Cairo on business, leaving Katherine behind. The group inspects a remote area where Almsy discovers a hill in the shape of a woman's back, a legend he'd been informed of by an old Bedouin. Nearby he finds a cave filled with ancient drawings of people swimming. The team spends a few days documenting and exploring the cave while Katherine takes the opportunity to paint watercolor illustrations of the swimmers. She offers to paste them into Almsy's worn copy of Herodotus' Histories but he politely refuses, saying the paintings are "too good." She walks away insulted however Almsy is fearful of becoming too close to her. While driving back to Cairo, one of their trucks tumbles down a sand ridge and overturns. Several of the party, including Madox and a couple of injured members, agree to drive back to Cairo for help. Katherine stays behind so as not to weigh down the convoy. That night everyone is forced to take refuge in the trucks while a sandstorm rages. Katherine and Almsy talk about various types of desert storms. Almsy lightly strokes her hair; Katherine doesn't resist. The two fall asleep and miss Madox' return. They then dig out the 2nd truck and begin to dig up supplies that were scattered in the wreck. Katherine tucks a few of her small watercolor paintings into Almsy's copy of Herodotus' Histories. They are interrupted by Madox, who'd set off a flare because he was lost. Back in Cairo, Katharine visits Almsy at his hotel room and the two begin a torrid love affair. In the bath together, they talk about what they missed while in the desert and seem happy until Almsy tells her that she should go back to Geoffrey. Katharine becomes upset and leaves in anger. However, their attraction to each other is too passionate and they continue the affair. At a lavish dinner party that marks the end of their expedition due to the outbreak of World War II and halt to their funding, Almsy arrives late and drunk. He regales the group with an explanation of the censored lyrics to Irving Berlin's "Cheek to Cheek". Though he makes an embarrassment of himself, he calms down and joins the group for dinner. Later he dances with Katharine but their time together is awkward. Geoffrey takes notice of odd behavior in his wife and suspects she may be involved with Almsy. At the villa, Caravaggio confronts Hana, asking some pointed questions about her patient. She mostly refuses, suspicious of his motivations. Caravaggio has his own history, connected to Almsy: he was an important figure working for the Allies before the Nazi campaign in Northern Africa and was hunted by the Germans. While the city of Cairo is invaded by the German navy and Luftwaffe, one of Caravaggio's commanding officers rants about how the Germans were able to make a lightning strike on Cairo using the very maps that Almsy, Madox and the Cliftons had drawn. While standing in a crowd of people being documented by the Germans, Caravaggio tried to leave his line and was captured. He was interrogated for an indeterminate period of time, chained in a small room. A German officer, Mueller, knew that Caravaggio was an Allied spy who operated under the alias "Moose". Demanding he give up the names of his comrades, Mueller cruelly has a Muslim nurse cut off Moose's thumbs with a straight razor. Moose vowed revenge against both Mueller and the man who'd given a picture of him to the Germans. After finding and killing Mueller, believing also that Almsy is the man he's been looking for. Hearing from one of Hana's friends that she was tending to a patient who carried a copy of Herodotus' Histories and was an expert on popular songs, he set out to find her. A romantic relationship begins to develop between Hana and Kip. One evening he takes her into the nearby town of Siena to see the frescoes in the town's cathedral. Kip has arranged a rope and pulley system to lift Hana off the floor to see them up close. Hana is grateful for such a romantic gesture and she and Kip spend an intimate night in the villa's barn. Hardy comes looking for Kip the next morning, saying a large bomb had been found under a nearby bridge. Hana looks very worried, thinking the curse that haunts her will kill Kip. While Kip tries to disarm the bomb, a convoy of Allied tanks and other vehicles roar across the bridge. Kip remains very cool and is able to disarm the bomb, collapsing in relief upon it. The raucous convoy had been celebrating big news: the war in Europe is over. The whole town erupts in in joy, with a group led by Hardy climbing a bronze statue in the main square. Back at the villa, Hana, Caravaggio and Kip are all dancing happily when they see a flash in town and hear an explosion. Kip races to the scene and finds the statue Hardy had been climbing and his friend bloodied and dead. A junior officer explains they were drunk and goofing around when Hardy climbed the statue and a bomb went off. Kip locks himself in the barn for a long period, mourning the loss of his friend. When he finally comes out, he talks to Hana about his friend, about how they were friends but never really spoke of anything too personal. He still wishes to continue his relationship with Hana and will find her when things have calmed down. Almsy relates the final part of his story before his injury to Caravaggio when the latter accuses him of killing Geoffrey and Katharine. Back in the desert, Almsy is finishing the job of packing up the group's base camp near the Cave of Swimmers. Geoffrey had volunteered to fly out and pick him up but on his approach he flies in too fast, seemingly aiming for Almsy. The plane crashes, narrowly missing Almsy. When Almsy reaches the wreck, he finds Geoffrey dead and Katharine in the front seat, badly injured. She tells him that Geoffrey was ranting during the last seconds of their flight, saying he loved her. As Almsy carries her to the cave, she finally admits her love for him and he cries. In the cave, he builds her a fire and binds her broken ankle. He also tells her she has a few broken ribs making it difficult to breathe. He leaves her with a small lantern, his copy of Herodotus and a few pencils. He tells her he'll hike through the desert to find help. He spends three days walking and finally arrives at a British army outpost. Desperate to return to the Cave of Swimmers, he rants about Katharine dying out in the desert, begging the British soldiers to give him a jeep. When he becomes angry and grabs one of them, another hits him, knocking him out. He wakes up shackled in the back of a jeep with the guards claiming, due to his unusual accent, that he might be a German spy. On a train to the Mediterranean coast, he asks if he can use the toilet. He tricks the guard into thinking the door to the toilet is locked and attacks the man, killing him and unlocking himself. He jumps from the train and limps off. He finds the German army in the desert, who happen to have taken possession of Madox' plane. Giving them the maps he and his team had produced, Almsy is able to acquire the plane and enough fuel to rescue Katharine. However, Katharine has already died alone in the cave, having written a last letter to Almsy. He flies out with her body, returning to the opening scene of the story where his plane is shot down by the Germans. Hana visits Almsy one last time in the villa, preparing to give him his morphine. As she prepares another syringe, he weakly pushes the remaining vials to her, silently asking her to inject them all so he'll die. She weeps but does so, a peaceful smile crossing his face. When she joins a small group heading out of the area in a truck, she smiles to herself. 
 Diana (2013)Summaries During the last two years of her life, Princess Diana embarks on a final rite of passage: a secret love affair with Pakistani heart surgeon Hasnat Khan. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Planet Terror (2007)651) After an experimental bio-weapon is released, turning thousands into zombie-like creatures, it's up to a rag-tag group of survivors to stop the infected and those behind its release. After an experimental bio-nerve gas is accidentally released at a remote U.S. military base in Texas, those exposed to the gas turn into flesh-eating, mutating zombies out to kill. An assortment of various people who include stripper Cherry, her shady mechanic ex-boyfriend Wray, a strong-willed doctor, the local sheriff, and an assortment of various people must join forces to survive the night as the so-called "sickos" threaten to take over the whole town and the world. Anonymous In Texas, the gang leaded by the black market dealer Abby faces a group of renegade militaries leaded by Captain Muldoon in an abandoned military base. During their shootout, Abby shoots a recipient of biological weapon, releasing an experimental highly-contagious gas that turns humans to flesh-eating zombies. Meanwhile, in the local hospital, Dr. Block sees an epidemic with many patients with the same nasty symptoms. When the outbreak affects most of the local population, a group of people with immunity leaded by the mechanic Wray, Sheriff Hague, the stripper Cherry and the Dr. Dakota, fight to survive and become the last hope to save the world. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In a rural town in Texas, go-go dancer Cherry Darling (with a leg/machine gun), decides to quit her low-paying job and find another use for her numerous 'useless' talents. Cherry's ex-boyfriend, El Wray, at the Bone Shack, a restaurant owned by J.T. Hague, a group of military officials, led by the demented Lt. Muldoon, are making a business transaction with a scientist named Abby for a deadly biochemical agent known as DC2 codename "Project Terror", but when Muldoon learns Abby has an extra supply on hand, he attempts to take Abby hostage and Abby intentionally releases the gas into the air. As gun-legged Cherry Darling and one man wrecking crew El Wray try to save the world from a horde of flesh-eating zombies. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} As a desperate chemical engineer releases the airborne "Project Terror" biochemical agent into the air, a small town somewhere in rural Texas becomes the epicentre of a virulent epidemic after a failed transaction with the demented evil-doer, Lt. Muldoon. Now, as an ever-increasing army of ravenous cannibalistic zombies infests the area, a handful of survivors led by the deadly go-go dancer, Cherry Darling, must fight tooth-and-nail, refusing to go down without a fight. Now, a terrible disease is putting the entire world in jeopardy. Is there an escape from the inhospitable Planet Terror? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Over the opening credits, Cherry Darling (Rose McGowan) works as a go-go dancer at a club. After crying onstage, she tells her boss Skip (Skip Reissig) that she needs to make a real change in her life and quits her job. While walking home, several military trucks pass her close enough that she throws herself into a bunch of trashcans. She also gets several splinters in her thigh for her trouble. At the military base a couple of miles away from town, scientist Abby (Naveen Andrews) is threatening his incompetent employee Romey (Julio Oscar Mechoso) for having lost three very valuable 'specimens'; the price of failure is Abby's henchmen cutting off Romey's testicles, which Abby keeps in a jar along with a collection of them from other victims. Lt. Muldoon (Bruce Willis) shows up, wearing a gas mask. He asks Abby where the "shit" is, and Abby says that its all there on the base, prompting a short gunfight. His men are shot to death by Muldoon's troops, and he again asks where the mysterious "shit" is. Muldoon's face starts to boil and Abby says that its all around them. He grabs a pistol and blasts a gas canister open, spreading gas everywhere. Some are unfortunately exposed instantly to the gas, melting into gooey messes. However, Muldoon and his men walk into the green gas and enjoy it while Abby escapes in a vehicle, not noticing one of Muldoon's soldiers is riding on top of the vehicle. The green mist spreads through the air. Meanwhile, Cherry stops at a rundown barbecue restaurant called 'The Bone Shack'. A young woman named Tammy (Fergie) arrives and asks the owner J.T. (Jeff Fahey) for some water for her car's overheated engine. Cherry goes to the dirty ladies room where she cleans her leg wound and sits down in the restaurant where she is the only customer. After Tammy drives away, Wray (Freddy Rodrguez), a local mechanic, arrives in his truck. J.T., obsessed with having the best barbecue in Texas and winning a local contest tells Wray that he is celebrating is restaurant's 25th anniversary. Wray sits at Cherry's table and the two converse, revealing Wray and Cherry have a history together, and she's wearing his jacket. They briefly talk about their past, and Cherry sardonically states that she is going to become a stand-up comedian. Their flame for each is other is clearly still there, and Cherry catches a lift with Wray. Dr. William Block (Josh Brolin) and Dr. Dakota Block (Marley Shelton) wake up at 8:00 PM for their late shift at the hospital where they work. Through their window, they can see the eerie green mist. Dakota makes breakfast for her husband and son, Tony (Rebel Rodriguez) and slyly texts her lover to pick up Tony, who will be with the babysitter. In the hospital where Bill and Dakota work, people with strange symptoms start arriving: the first one, Joe (Nicky Katt), has a bite supposedly half an hour old with an advanced stage of gangrene and bacterial infection. Dr. Felix (Felix Sabates) notes he has seen similar wounds before in Iraq soldiers, due to mustard gas. Joe's temperature is high, and when Block makes Joe open his mouth he is startled that his tongue is infected as well. Block squeezes a boil, making it burst and blood and fluid spurt onto his face. The infection on Joe's arm is spreading, so he calls in Dakota and tells Joe that he's going to amputate his arm. Dakota has three needles and injects Joe with all of them, making him pass out. On the road, Tammy is listening to a radio broadcast dedicated to the memory of someone named Jungle Julia when her car breaks down near the military base. While trying to hitch a ride she is attacked by the infected people (called "sickos"), who tear her apart and drag her body off the road. Wray and Cherry see them dragging the body, but think that it's just a dead deer. (Wray says that its best to run right through a deer if it's in front of you, because trying to swerve might cause you to crash.) He is immediately startled by a sicko in the road and swerves, losing control of his truck. The truck rolls over until its upside down, and Cherry gets after him for swerving; he replies that it wasn't just a deer in the road. Sickos suddenly grab Cherry and take her to the woods. Wray grabs a rifle and runs after her. By the time Wray catches up with them, the sickos have ripped off Cherry's right leg and have run off with it. Wray shoots the sickos, but they don't die. He puts Cherry in his truck and speeds off to the hospital. At the hospital, Cherry is barely awake when admitted. While Dr. Block asks Wray what happened, Sheriff Hague (Michael Biehn) arrives with Deputy Carlos (Carlos Gallardo) and Deputy Tolo (Tom Savini). Hague is startled to see Wray due to an unexplained secret in his past and asks why he's carrying a rifle. Hague arrests him as more sick people show up. Block calls Dakota over and shows her Tammy's corpse which also arrives. A doctor calls her a "no-brainer", since she's missing the back of her head and her brain. Dakota gets upset and cries in a room while Block follows her. He knows that Tammy and Dakota used to have a lesbian relationship, and that they were going to run off that night. Block grabs one of Dakota's needles and stabs her hands with it, causing her hands to become numb. Before he can kill her, Block is called away by another doctor, but he first locks Dakota in the room. The other doctor tells him that all the dead bodies have disappeared from the morgue, with a thick trail of blood leading away. At the police station, Wray is permitted to make one phone call where he has a coded conversation with someone on the other end; Wray asks about something called "DC-2", and asks more coded questions. Earl McGraw (Michael Parks), a local Texas Ranger, talks with Wray over his troubles, and leaves for home to care for his sick wife who's dying from lung cancer. Sheriff Hague keeps asking Wray who he really is when he gets a call from his brother J.T., who complains that there are two people loitering in front of his restaurant who aren't customers. Their conversation reveals that Hague owns the diner and is raising J.T.'s rent due to his brother's refusal to reveal his secret barbecue recipe. J.T. tells Hague not to bother coming over, since the people are coming in, but it turns out the people are sickos, and they presumably attack J.T... Back with the sheriff, Deputy Tolo arrives angry about some maniac that he arrested at Skip's club that bit off his finger. When the cops go outside to investigate, they see that the sicko has escaped from Tolos' cop car. Carlos finds Tolo's ring on the ground, but no finger. As he gives Tolo his ring back, Carlos is bitten on the arm and attacked by sickos. Before they react, Carlos is gruesomely torn apart and eaten by his attackers. Hague and Tolo shoot the sickos, but more show up. Hague and Tolo fight them off as Wray stays inside the station. Tolo is thrown hard against a car, but lives. More police officers, including an attractive female deputy, show up and blast away the sickos. Wray breaks free from his handcuffs after saving Hague's life, and tells him that he's going to the hospital to get Cherry. Hague tells him that they'll take his car. Hague's car explodes, and so the remaining cops get into the back of Wray's truck and head towards the hospital. At the home of Earl McGraw, he feeds his virtually catatonic cancer-stricken wife some soup. He looks away for a second, and when he looks back she's turned into a sicko; she attacks him almost instantly. Back at the hospital, more and more people are coming in with boils and infections. Dr. Felix and Dr. Block are unable to comprehend what's happening. As Dr. Block walks down a hallway, he looks into a room where Joe has turned into a sicko and walks towards him with a surgical saw. Joe cuts Block's glasses, but the saw shuts off when he walks too far away from the outlet, pulling out the plug. Instead, Joe bursts a boil on his face and smears his blood all over Blocks' face, infecting him. Also, Cherry wakes up in a hospital room, and is depressed over her severed leg. Dakota throws herself out of a window, landing in trash outside of the hospital. She goes to her car, but her hands are still numb. She puts her hand through the handle on her car door and kicks the door open, but loses her balance and falls, breaking her left wrist. Dakota gets into the car and puts her keys in with her mouth, then drives off and runs into a lot of cars. As she leaves, Wray and the cops show up. Wray tries to grab a gun, but is stopped by Hague. Instead, Wray grabs a couple of butterfly-knives out of the truck's glove compartment and runs into the hospital as the cops fight the sickos outside. Tolo accidentally shoots a hospital patient wondering around after mistaking him for a sicko. Wray enters the hospital and finds total mayhem has taken over; the infected corpses and injured are chasing and attacking both doctors and patients ripping them apart and eating them. With his two butterfly knives, Wray, like a professional fighter, charges into the carnage, brutally stabbing, slashing, slicing and dicing all the sickos in his path. He eventually makes it to Cherry's room where she's hiding under a sheet playing dead. He tells her to come with him as the hospital is now on fire from the mayhem, but she can't walk. Wray tells her to suck it up, and breaks a leg from a table, shoving it onto Cherry's stump. Cherry awkwardly walks with Wray through the hospital as he protects her from the sickos. They make it to his truck and drive off hoping to make it to J.T.'s place. Meanwhile at Dakota's house, the Crazy Babysitter Twins (Electra Avellan and Elise Avellan) talk on their cell phones with their boyfriends while Dakota's son plays with his pets which include a spider, scorpion, and turtle. Dakota, looking exhausted and dishevelled, comes home, and the babysitter twins get angry at her because her friend didn't show up to take her son on time. Dakota kicks them out of her house and tells her son that they have to leave, but before they do he takes every pet he has with them. While Dakota and her son, Tony, are in their car, the Crazy Babysitter Twins attack them with shovels and smash the windshield. She speeds off, causing one of the twins to land hard on the ground. Dakota drives to Earl McGraw's house, and gives her son a pistol. She tells him that if anyone other than her comes to the car, he must shoot them in the head like in his video games. He asks what if it's dad, and she tells him "especially if it's him." Before she leaves, Dakota tells him to be careful or he'll shoot his own face off. As Dakota walks to the house, she hears a gunshot. She runs to the car to find that her son accidentally shot himself in the head. Her grief is interrupted by Block showing up, having turned into a sicko. He holds her by the hair, but she rips herself away from him, grabs her dead son, and knocks on the front door. Earl, who is revealed to be Dakota's father, lets her in; it is apparent from an axe that he's holding and from blood splattered all over the inside walls, that he has killed his infected wife. Wray and Cherry meet up with Sheriff Hague at J.T.'s restaurant with other survivors from the town where the Sheriff makes them deputies, and they make their way up a hill to J.T.'s. When they get there, they see J.T. lying down on the floor behind the counter, allegedly with his intestines ripped out. Upon further inspection, though, it turns out J.T. was merely unconscious with some barbecued sausages on his stomach, having killed all the sickos by shooting them in the head. Wray tries the sausage, and says that it is the best he's ever had. J.T. tastes the sauce and agrees. His brother, the sheriff, points out that he's bleeding from the temple and it's probably his own blood that's given the sauce the perfect flavour. Afterward, J.T. shows the group some of his escape vehicles. One of which is a chopper motorcycle, while the other is cut and chopped 1950s convertible automobile. Sheriff Hague continues to ask Wray who is really is, but Wray refuses to answer. Cherry and Wray discuss their previous relationship in J.T.'s bedroom. We learn that Cherry left Wray because he couldn't commit. Wray has Cherry look in the pocket of his coat (that she took when she left). She finds an engagement ring. They have sex. What happens after this is unclear to us due to a "missing reel," which causes the film to stop abruptly and melt on screen. The theatre apologizes for the inconvenience. When we do get back to the movie, some 20 minutes of the story have passed. J.T.'s diner is engulfed in flames, besieged by dozens of sickos. A wounded Sheriff Hague is brought inside after he was accidentally shot in the neck by Tolo. More survivors have showed up at J.T.'s place (the babysitter twins, Cherry's boss Skip, Dakota, Earl, and several other people). Also, Wray has evidently told Hague who he really is, with both men hinting at some important dialogue that we would have heard if not for this "missing reel". Hague gives his pistol to Wray, whom he now calls "El Wray". Tolo is against it, but Hague wants Wray to have all the guns. Wray spins his pistols and becomes the leader of the group. Then Tolo is ripped apart and eaten by the sickos who break into the restaurant. The survivors, Wray, J.T., the wounded Hague, and the remaining survivors go outside and see that they're surrounded by the sickos. They unload all their pistols and rifles into them killing several of sickos, but more and more keep on coming. They retreat back inside the burning building and Wray says that someone needs to retrieve his truck so that they can leave. Cherry volunteers and hobbles out as Wray covers her by firing an assault rifle at the dozens of sickos outside. Cherry drives Wray's truck into the restaurant and Hague gets into the driver's seat. The others pile into the back while Skip gets into J.T.'s roofless convertible along with the babysitter twins and Dakota. Cherry rides the motorcycle, and Earl stays behind to provide cover for their escape. After they break through the sickos, the survivors stop at Dakota's car and pull out a minibike, Tony's Pocket Bike, out of the trunk. Dakota rides on the large motorcycle with Cherry as Wray leads the way on the tiny vehicle. They shoot more sickos on the road while Hague runs them over with the truck. J.T.'s dog unfortunately jumps out of the truck and is run over as well. Near the military base, they are blocked by a wall of sicko zombies on a bridge, which are killed by a bunch of soldiers coming up from behind. They are Muldoon and his men. Muldoon knows who Wray is, and has his men knock him out. When Wray wakes up, he finds himself locked up with the other survivors in the military base (Abby is there as well). We find out "El Wray" is actually a war veteran. The soldiers take survivors as prisoners. Abby reveals to Wray and the others that he is the scientist and businessman who has sold the virus, DC2, to the soldiers. They are infected, but can use the gas itself to control the symptoms. Two of the militants (one of them is played by a lecherous Quentin Tarantino) grab Cherry and Dakota. Wray tries to help, but is beaten up. On the elevator ride down, the lecherous soldier stops the elevator and takes off his gas mask. He threatens Cherry with his pistol while his face starts to boil. The other military guy tells him to put his mask back on, and when he does his face becomes normal again. Back in the cell, J.T. rambles on about the barbecue sauce recipe to distract the guard's attention. El Wray, J.T. and a sax playing prisoner (playing the movie's theme song) overpower the guards, but J.T. is shot. El Wray and Abby break out and find Lt. Muldoon who explains what it is actually happening. Lt. Muldoon and his soldiers were in Afghanistan; they'd accidentally found and killed Osama Bin Laden. But as this was against America's interest, so instead of medals they got gassed with DC2, a chemical weapon designed to wipe out entire cities. He figured that the best way to find a cure was to gas a whole town then take the survivors to extract a cure from them. While he talks he has not been wearing his gas mask, so he swells and blisters and finally is shot and killed by El Wray. Meanwhile, the rapist soldier tells Cherry to dance on her wooden leg, and takes off his gas mask. While she dances, Cherry hits him in the head with her wooden leg, splintering it to a sharp point which she then stabs him in the eye with. Furious, he drops his pants, and we see his crotch turn to mush melt away. Cherry is horrified and backs away. Dakota, finally getting some feeling back into her hands, shoots a dart-like needle in his other eye. Abby and El Wray arrive and shoot the rapist and his partner. They all go back to fetch the others. Sheriff Hague and J.T. are both near death from their gunshot wounds, so they are left behind, in control of a bomb. El Wray sticks a specially crafted custom-made M4A1 carbine assault rifle/M203 grenade launcher into Cherry's stump. She uses it to open the door to the command centre, shooting a grenade through the rapist, whose condition has worsened severely. She shoots all the men in the command centre with the rifle. The survivors force their way through the dying soldiers to a couple of helicopters using Cherry's new leg and their own guns. The fatally wounded J.T. and Sheriff Hague volunteer to stay behind and blow up the stash of DC-2 canisters with a remote control detonate that El Wray gives to J.T. After the survivors file out of the building, and engage in a gunfight with the soldiers outside, whom are starting to transform into sickos, J.T. finally tells Hague the secret to his rib recipe (canned tomatoes), then blows up the military base. Storming the helicopters, Abby gets killed and Dakota is attacked by Dr. Block in zombie state. Her father, Earl McGraw, suddenly appears and kills him. During the final battle, Cherry launches herself off the ground with her grenade launcher and blows up a bunch of sickos mid-air. When she lands, she spins around and blasts them away. The survivors make it behind the walls and fight the sickos. One of them shoots a rocket at Cherry, but she dodges it and blows him up. All looks well, and Cherry watches the base burn, but doesn't notice a sicko soldier behind her. Wray and the soldier unload into each other, and Cherry runs to the dying Wray. Everyone gets into the helicopter and Skip flies it, but not before he cuts through a group of sickos with the helicopter's rotary blades. The Crazy Babysitter Twins laugh with glee over the bloodbath and enjoy taking pot-shots themselves at the sickos on the ground, while one gets into the co-pilot seat and turns on the helicopter's windshield wipers to wash the blood splattered on the front windows El Wray tells Cherry to go to the ocean, turn her back to the sea, and fight. Cherry pleads with him, asking him not to forget his promise of "two against the world"; he says that the promise is still good, as he has made her pregnant ("I told you, I never miss"). Wray dies, and Cherry grabs onto a lowered rope from the helicopter as it flies away. Cut to Mexico one year later. Cherry tells us via voice-over that she's found other survivors, and that they took Wray's advice and settled down near the ocean in a remote part of Mexico. On the beach, Skip is enjoying this new lifestyle with the Crazy Babysitter Twins by his side, with several armed survivors, including Dakota, patrolling the area for sickos. A sicko pops out to attack a small child in the crowd of survivors when Cherry blasts him away with her new chain-machine gun attached to her leg. The final shot shows Cherry and her baby daughter, the product from her brief period of sex with El Wray, being happy... two against the world. 
 Lost (20042010)761) The survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island. The past, present, and future lives of surviving Oceanic Flight 815 passengers are dramatically intertwined as a fight for survival ensues in a quest for answers after crashlanding on a mysterious island. Each discovery prompts yet more secrets, as the hastily-formed colony search for a way off the island, or is this their home? Chris Cullen The survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 were 1,000 miles off course when they crashed on a lush, mysterious island. Each person possesses a shocking secret, but they've got nothing on the island itself, which harbors a monstrous security system, a series of underground bunkers and a group of violent survivalists hidden in the shadows. Jwelch5742 Out of the blackness, the first thing Jack senses is pain. Then burning sun. A Bamboo forest. Smoke. Screams. With a rush comes the horrible awareness that the plane he was on tore apart in mid-air and crashed on a Pacific island. From there it's a blur, as his doctor's instinct kicks in: people need his help. Stripped of everything, the 48 survivors scavenge what they can from the plane for their survival. Some panic. Some pin their hopes on rescue. A few find inner strength they never knew they had -- like Kate, who, with no medical training, suddenly finds herself suturing the doctor's wounds. Hurley - a man with a warm sense of humor despite the desperate situation - does his best to keep his cool as he helps those around him to survive. Charlie is a faded rock star who harbors a painful secret. Sayid is a Middle Eastern man who must wrestle with the racial profiling directed at him by some of his fellow survivors. Jin and Sun are a Korean couple whose traditions, values and language are foreign, and thus causes much to get lost in the translation. Sawyer has an air of danger surrounding him, and his intense sense of mistrust for everyone around him could prove to be fatal to his fellow castaways. Michael has just gained custody of his nine-year-old son, Walt, after the death of his ex-wife - they are a father and son who don't even know each other. Locke is a mysterious man who keeps to himself, and who harbors a deeper connection to the island than any of the others. Self-centered Shannon - who actually gives herself a pedicure amid the chaos - and her estranged controlling brother, Boone , constantly bicker and must learn to get along if they are to survive. And young Claire is eight months pregnant and ill-prepared for the hardships of motherhood - especially on a deserted island. ahmetkozan A horrific plane crash leaves 48 passengers alive, and stranded on a remote island in the South Pacific. The survivors include doctor Jack, now freed prisoner Kate, one hit wonder rock star Charlie, Iraqi military vet Sayid, and a mysterious man named Locke. For a while their goal is simple survival, but they soon realize that it was far more than mere chance that brought them together, and each of them has a purpose that will help them unlock the island's secrets. rmlohner After a somewhat mysterious sequence of events, an oceanic flight from Sydney to LA crashes on what appears to be a deserted island. The chance of being found and rescued is fairly small, so the survivors have to cope with a set of challenges. They have to learn to survive on the island, a mysterious place with enough dangers on its own. Also, they have to learn to live with each other if any success is to be expected. And finally, they have to live with themselves and their pasts. Interwoven with the events on the islands are flashbacks to the pasts of 14 main characters. Step by step, we learn a little more about their diverse and unexpected pasts as the group's quest to survive takes shape. RagingR2 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Season 3, the crash survivors learn more about the Others and their long history on the mysterious island, along with the fate of the Dharma Initiative. The leader of the Others, Benjamin Linus, is introduced as well and defections from both sides pave the way for conflict between the two. Time travel elements also begin to appear in the series, as Desmond is forced to turn the fail-safe key in the hatch to stop the electromagnetic event, and this sends his mind eight years to the past. When he returns to the present, he is able to see the future. Kate and Sawyer escape the Others, while Jack stays after Ben promises that Jack will be able to leave the island in a submarine if he operates on Ben, who has cancer. Jack does, but the submarine is destroyed by John. Jack is left behind with Juliet, an Other, who also seeks to leave the island, while John joins the Others. A helicopter carrying Naomi crashes near the island. Naomi says her freighter, Kahana, is near and was sent by Penelope Widmore, Desmond's ex-girlfriend. Desmond has a vision in which Charlie will drown after shutting down a signal that prevents communication with the exterior world. His vision comes true, but Charlie speaks with Penelope, who says she does not know any Naomi. Before drowning, Charlie writes on his hand "Not Penny's Boat" so Desmond can read it. Meanwhile, the survivors make contact with a rescue team aboard the freighter. In the season's finale, apparent flashbacks show a depressed Jack going to an unknown person's funeral. In the final scene, these are revealed to be "flash forwards", and Kate and Jack are revealed to have escaped the island. Jack, however, is desperate to go back. 