nm0008556:

 Anak ni Zuma (1987)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pasan ko ang daigdig (1987)Summaries Lupe, a poor woman, wishes to terminate her long-suffering and poverty, and improve not only her own life but that of her crippled mother, through her singing. With the help of her three friends (Luming, Tony, and Carding). she is determined to defeat and overcome the ills, traps, and harsh realities of life. John Joshua Fernandez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pati ba pintig ng puso? (1985)Summaries A housemaid who marries her young master inadvertently becomes the victim of her husband's revenge against the family patriarch. When Aldrin returns from the States, everyone is as ecstatic as his grandfather. But his reason for coming home is not because of his lolo, but his sister, who is in an asylum. His vow is to take her away from their grandfather who caused the early death of their parents. To avenge for what happened to his family, Aldrin plans a final revenge, and that's when Jenna comes into his life. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zuma (1985)Summaries Zuma is a movie remake of one of the oldest and most popular comic books in the Philippines. It stars Zuma, a creature donning a snake over his shoulder which perfectly accentuates his monster-like features. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 