nm0009183:

 Bumps in the Night (2009 )Summaries Pool cleaners John, Greg and Emmett stumble upon an allegedly haunted pool. Amateur ghost chasers Emmett and Greg try to get to the bottom of it, while John attempts to keep them from being fired. An OCD ghost cleaning your house while you sleep? Bigfoot smashing your herb garden? A demon telling your girlfriend when you're cheating on her? The North Hollywood Ghost Strike Team (NOGHOST)of Greg, Emmett, and probationary member John are ready to tackle any super-, extra-, or para-normal event or creature. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rolling Thunder (1996 TV Movie)Summaries An ex-military unit specializes itself in non-lethal combat methods and takedowns and offers its services. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Undercover Blues (1993)Summaries A spy couple on maternity leave in New Orleans, entertained by a mugger named Muerte, is called in when Novacek steals explosives. A wise-cracking husband and wife team of ex-Spies arrive in New Orleans on maternity leave with their baby girl. There they are hassled by muggers, the police and their FBI boss, who wants them to do just-one-more job. Mark Logan <marklo@west.sun.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Early Edition (19962000)Summaries His name is Gary Hobson. He gets tomorrow's newspaper today. He doesn't know how. He doesn't know why. All he knows is when the early edition hits his doorstep, he has twenty-four hours to set things right. What would you do if tomorrow's paper came to your door today? If you knew that you were going to die? Be lucky in love unlucky in life? That's what Gary Hobson has to ask himself every day. Gary Hobson is a stockbroker that got fired from his job and his wife found him uninteresting and kicked him out. You see it's quite simple. Everyday an orange cat comes to his door with the paper (a Chicago Sun Times). Gary doesn't know where it comes from. He did a bit of research and found out that a man named Lucis Snow, was an old typesetter and he had the paper before Gary. The day after Snow died, the paper came to Gary. Gary has two friends. Chuck Fishman, who has been best buds with Gary since college. Chuck wants Gary to give him the scores of games, winning lotto numbers, stocks, or even soap opera tips. Marrisa is Gary's blind friend who helps Gary make all the right choices. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 