nm0001623:

 Chaplin (1992)321) An elderly Charlie Chaplin discusses his autobiography with his editor, recounting his amazing journey from his poverty-stricken childhood to world-wide success after the ingenious invention of the Little Tramp. The biography of Charlie Chaplin, filmmaker extraordinaire. From his formative years in England to his highest successes in America, Chaplin's life, work, and loves are followed. While his screen characters were extremely hilarious, the man behind "The Little Tramp" was constantly haunted by a sense of loss. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chaplin is the story of Charles Chaplin, the famous director and actor that changed film forever. The film starts out with the narrator (played by Anthony Hopkins) and an old Charles Chaplin (played by Robert Downey Jr.) preparing Chaplin's autobiography. This reveals to the audience that the entire movie is the flashbacks of an old Charles Chaplin. Chaplin then recalls the first time he ever participated in show business. We see Chaplins mother, a poor, defeated woman performing in front of a full theatre of army cadets. Within a few minutes, these military men boo her off the stage, and a young, 5 year old Charles Chaplin walks out on the stage. He sang the same song, and the men love it, and are bewildered that a young 5 year old boy could have that much courage. After this, Charles and his mother return home, and the audience sees the poor, wretched lifestyle that this child is subjected to. Charles, his mom, and his brother Sydney settle down to a meal of fish heads. After this, the British police come, and seize young Charlie and Sidney to put them to work in a labor house. The two brothers are separated, and quietly descend into the terrible living conditions of a labor hose. After this, we see a teenage Charles Chaplin out of the labor house being guided by his older brother to a new job in show business. Sydney approaches a wealthy man that he works for, and asks him to hire Charlie as a comedian for a play. The man quickly dismissed the idea, but then Charlie starts performing a wonderful routine of slapstick comedy that wins the man over. Sydney also tells Charlie about the problems regarding their mother, and how the loss of both of her sons drove her to insanity. They discuss which care facility they should place her in and how much it would cost. Chaplin is shown performing numerous times in England, and then he meets a girl named Edna Purviance, an actress that travels with his theatre group. He falls in love with her, and asks her to marry him. She says no, and Chaplin leaves to go to America. While in America, Chaplin receives a job from Mack Sennett, who was known as The King of Comedy. Charlie then spends hours in the dressing room picking out what would be known as his Little Tramp outfit. After Charlie develops this renowned character, he instantly becomes famous. Next, Charlie meets Mildred Harris, a young underage woman who ran away from her home to become an actress. The two get married even through they are not really in love, and it is hinted that the only reason Charlie married her is because he got her pregnant. The two stay together for a while, but eventually divorce. Charlie breaks away from Mack Sennett because of Sennetts demanding wife/co-director, and he leaves with his brother to meet a new financer for his movies. While at this meeting, Charlie meets Lillita McMurray, an actress sitting down eating dinner with her mother. Charlie becomes involved with this woman, and eventually casts her in many of his movies such as The Kid. Then, Chaplin goes on to divorce this woman and marry another woman named Paulette Goddard, who eventually divorces him because of his obsession with the composing of his movies. Chaplin then made enemies with J. Edgar Hoover at a dinner party, and Hoover continually harassed him throughout his life. When Chaplin leaves America to visit London, he is exiled from America by Hoover, for his scandal of having a baby with an underage woman. While in London, Chaplin realizes it is not really his home, that he really belongs nowhere. Charlie traveled to Switzerland with his final wife Oona Chaplin, and together they lived in exile. 
 Godzilla (I) (1998)431) French nuclear tests irradiate an iguana into a giant monster that heads off to New York City. The American military must chase the monster across the city to stop it before it reproduces. In the wake of extensive nuclear testing in the South Pacific Ocean, the low-profile scientist, Niko Tatopoulos, is summoned by the U.S. Army to shed light on the mysterious attack on a fishing ship, and the ominous sightings of a gargantuan sea-dragon. Before long, a mutated scaly nightmare in the shape of Godzilla--a massive and all-powerful radioactive sauroid--threatens to level the rain-soaked New York City, against the backdrop of a crippling bureaucracy and the military's futile attempts to stop the invincible beast from the ocean. Now, it's up to Niko; the cryptic insurance agent, Philippe; the determined reporter, Audrey, and her brave cameraman, Victor, to put an end to Godzilla's reign of terror before it's too late. Is there a reason why Godzilla has chosen Manhattan for its den? Nick Riganas Following the French atomic bomb tests in the South Pacific, an unknown creature is spotted passing eastward through the Panama Canal. Scientist Niko Tatopolous is called in to investigate the matter, and he quickly arrives at the conclusion that a giant, irradiated lizard has been created by the explosions. Godzilla then makes its way north, landing at Manhattan to begin wreaking havoc in the big city. Even with the combined forces of the U.S. military to fight the monster, will it be enough to save the people of New York? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts with a reel showing nuclear tests on the island of French Polynesia. It shows some lizards on the island and after a huge explosion, we see a single unhatched egg. On a fishing boat in the South Pacific Ocean workers are sorting the fish in their latest catch and the captain sees a weird mark on the radar headed towards the boat. He sounds the alarm and the boat is hit by a large & mostly unseen beast. The monster proceeds to rip giant holes in the boat, which is capsized. Scientist Niko "Nick" Tatopoulous (Matthew Broderick) is collecting earthworms in Chernobyl, Ukraine for study when a helicopter appears and a man from the U. S. State Department tells him hes being reassigned to a different project. In Tahiti, a mysterious French man is interrogating an old man who was the only survivor of the attack on the Japanese fishing boat. When asked what attacked him, and when the French man shows him the flame from a cigarette lighter, he simply replies in a terrified tone "Gojira". Nick then arrives in Panama where Colonel Hicks (Kevin Dunn) briefs him on his next assignment. He leads him to his next sample and tells him to study it. Nick doesn't see the sample until he realizes he is in a depression in the ground that is actually a giant footprint. Nick runs after Hicks and starts telling him that its unbelievable and that nothing on earth can make a footprint that big. He is then introduced to his new boss, Elsie (Vicki Lewis), who says that she tried tell Hicks that this project isn't really in Nick's field of study. Dr. Craven (Malcome Danare) shows up and puts on a tape showing the shipwreck and the interrogation of the old man. In New York City, Audrey (Maria Pitillo) is getting out of a cab with groceries for her boss and goes upstairs to the news studio. After putting the groceries down she asks her boss, Caiman (Harry Shearer) for a job as a reporter. He says no and goes to his anchor job. Audrey then puts her gum on the nose of a nearby poster of Caiman. Nick and the team have been flown to Jamaica and while in a car ride to the site of another shipwreck, Elsie asks Nick some questions. We learn that he is a radiation scientist studying the abnormal growth of earthworms due to radiation, and that he had a girlfriend a long time ago. At the shipwreck, Hicks is trying to shoo reporters away when the French man who interrogated the crew member shows up and says that they are with him and are preparing a report. Hicks get rid of them eventually. Down on the beach, Nick takes a tissue sample for study. In the ocean on the Eastern seaboard, 3 fishing trawlers are bringing in a day's catch when the nets seem to get stuck on something. The boats then are towed underwater and all members of crew abandon ship. One of the trawlers comes back up upside-down. Hicks and team hear the report about the fishing trawlers while flying back to America and Nick then concludes that it is a new species created by the nuclear tests in the French Polynesia where it was first sighted. Back in New York, Audrey and her friend Lucy (Arabella Field) and Lucy's husband Victor "Animal" Palotti (Hank Azaria) are having dinner at a restaurant when Audrey sees Nick on TV. We learn that Audrey is Nick's old girlfriend and that he had proposed to her. She'd turned him down and he'd left her. Down at the docks a man is fishing when his line is taken by what he thinks is a huge fish. The beast that attacked the fishing boats surfaces and destroys the dock and proceeds into the city. When it passes the restaurant, Animal chases it with his camera and manages to get a small video of it near Grand Central Station. The monster continues to stomp through the city -- it's foot nearly crushes Animal. Elsewhere down the street, Mayor Ebert (Michael Lerner) is giving a speech for re-election when the monster storms through the street. It takes gigantic strides, oblivious to the destruction it causes. Hicks arrives at the city and asks for a status report, Sgt. O'Neal (Doug Savant) reports that the monster has disappeared. Hicks is incredulous, wondering how an animal that big could disappear so easily in Manhattan. Nick tells them that Manhattan is an island but a unique one: much of it is covered with skyscrapers, giving the creature plenty of opportunity to hide. Animal's video is broadcast on TV and while handing Caiman his bag, Audrey steals his ID badge. She then replaces Caiman's picture with her own taking on the identity of a reporter. The French man shows up again and we learn that his name is Phillipe Roache (Jean Reno). He offers the assistance of a special sector of the French government to Mayor Ebert while slyly placing a microphone on the back of his jacket collar. The mayor then goes to a meeting with Hicks and the crew with Roache and his team listening in when O'Neal says that finding the monster may be tough since they found the 23rd street subway station destroyed. The beast had burrowed his way through the tunnel and could be anywhere under the city. Hicks then tells O'Neal to block off every tunnel leaving the island effectively quarantining the island. Nick then suggests bringing the monster out with bait. The bait is a large pile of fish set up near Madison Square Park. One of Roache's gang plants video cameras so they can spy on the American authorities. When one of the team says that the fish trap is crazy, Roache replies "No. Very Clever." The trap works and Godzilla arrives and starts eating the fish. The Army opens fire. While being fired upon, the monster escapes and proceeds to run through the city with three helicopters in pursuit. Their missile strikes are ineffective because the monster is cold-blooded and doesn't give off a heat signature for the missiles to lock onto. After a missile strike intended for the monster knocks the top off of the Chrysler Building the copters switch to miniguns with ineffective results. The beast then turns from the hunted to the hunter, destroying the helicopters. He disappears again. Back at the intersection, Nick takes a blood sample found on the street and then is transported to New Jersey. He enters a shop and buys about five different pregnancy tests when Audrey walks in and we learn the secret to the past. They then go back to Nick's tent where Nick finds out that the monster is pregnant from the blood sample and goes to confirm it. Audrey plays a tape saying TOP SECRET on it and then takes it and leaves. At a meeting we see the leaders planning to draw the beast out again this time to a more open area like Central Park when Nick presents his theory of the creature being pregnant and tries to get the others to believe him. He theorizes that the monster will create a nest like other lizards and that the fish they've been finding around the city is food for it's young. Audrey prepares her report with the tape she stole. Her report goes live after being stolen by Caiman (who dubs the beast "Godzilla", a mispronunciation of "Gojira" from the tape Audrey stole) and Nick is fired for going to the press with his ideas even though he hadn't. He then realizes that Audrey took the tape. After hearing this, Roache plans to leave. While Nick packs up Elsie apologizes and Nick tells her to get Hicks to find the nest. While climbing into a taxi, Audrey shows up and tries to apologize, but the angry and betrayed Nick blows it off. He tells the driver to go to Newark Airport but the drivers locks the doors and drives a different way. Animal follows in a van. When Nick finally gets the driver to stop, Roache reveals himself as the driver and explains the situation. He is part of the French Secret Service and his mission is to protect his country from their own creation. Nick then figures out that Godzilla was created in the French Polynesia during the nuclear testing just like he thought. Nick agrees to help Roache find the nest because Hicks doesn't want to find it. Roache drives them to a base where they prep to enter the city and Animal watches from a hole in the wall. Animal then returns home where he finds Audrey crying because she believes that Hicks not going for the nest is her fault. Animal then convinces her to help him follow Nick and Roache to find the nest. Nick and Roache's team sneak back into the city disguised as US Army soldiers. In Central Park, Hicks has set another trap. While traveling down a wrecked subway, Animal sets off a huge noise that awakens Godzilla and sends him to open air. He proceeds cautiously toward the fish trap but turns away. The army starts firing and Godzilla runs to the river. Though the Army thinks he's escaped again, the Navy has subs waiting for him. After dodging 2 torpedoes Godzilla crashes into one of the subs and the torpedoes destroy while following him. Godzilla then goes back towards land and is hit by two more torpedoes, seemingly killed. Nick and the team then discover that Godzilla has made his nest inside Madison Square Garden (MSG). They discover only 200 eggs which begin hatching. Roache's team has explosive charges but they're insufficient to cause any real damage to the nest. Suddenly, the eggs around them begin to hatch, releasing dozens of baby lizards. In another part of MSG, Audrey and Animal escape into the shower room and then proceed up into the vent. While shutting all the doors to lock them in the arena 2 of Roache's 4 man team are killed by the babies. Nick tries to call the military to send a bomber but all the circuits are busy. Roache then tells him to get out and find help while his team holds them off. Nick cant get out and the last 2 members of Roache's team are killed. Roache and Nick are trying to think of a way to contact the military when Audrey and Animal fall out of the vent. The babies then break the door down just as Audrey comes up with an idea to get a message out. They manage to get to the broadcast booth and send a message out through live TV. The military gets the message and tells them via e-mail that they have less than 6 minutes to get out. They make it to the lobby with 30 sec. to go but the lobby is jam packed with the babies. Roache then finds a way through and gets them out just before F-18s destroy the building. All the infant lizards are killed. After that Audrey and Nick get back together but before they can say anything else Godzilla rises from the ruins. He sniffs one of the dead babies then glares at Nick and the others. They immediately run away to a taxi and drive away with Godzilla chasing them. After a furious chase around Midtown, Nick sees O'Neal and throws the cab ID to him. O'Neal figures out that he can use the cab ID to find the radio frequency to contact Nick. Meanwhile, Nick and the others get stuck in a tunnel with Godzilla trying to dig them out. O'Neal contacts them and Nick comes up with a plan to trap Godzilla in the suspension cables of the Brooklyn Bridge. They get Godzilla onto the bridge after a terrifying incident in his mouth and the beast is ensnared in the cables. Hicks orders the F-18s that blew up MSG to circle back and fire on the beast. They hit him with several missiles. Godzilla falls dead, landing right on Nick's cab. While the city celebrates, Caiman offers a job to Audrey because then his channel would get the exclusive, but she quits. Animal realizes that the tape he had brought to film the entire event is gone. Roache disappears, but calls Nick from a phone booth telling him goodbye and that he will send the tape after he makes a few adjustments to it. Nick then tells Animal this after Roache hangs up and Animal is furious. In MSG, basketballs and towels are burning and there is fire everywhere. One egg is still unhatched and the baby hatches and roars at the camera. 
 True Romance (1993)651) In Detroit, a lonely pop culture geek marries a call girl, steals cocaine from her pimp, and tries to sell it in Hollywood. Meanwhile, the owners of the cocaine, the Mob, track them down in an attempt to reclaim it. In Detroit, Clarence Worley goes to the movie theater alone on the day of his birthday to watch some movies. The gorgeous Alabama Whitman accidentally drops her popcorn on Clarence and they watch the movie together. Later they go to a diner for pie, and end up having a one night stand. In the morning, Alabama confesses that she is a call-girl hired to spend the night with him, but she has fallen in love with him. In the morning they get married and Clarence goes to the club where she worked to bring her some clothes. However, her pimp Drexl Spivey and his partner beat up Clarence and he reacts by killing them both. Clarence asks for Alabama's suitcase with her clothes and the other girls mistakenly give another one with cocaine. When Clarence discovers the mistake, he decides to travel with Alabama to the house of his friend, the aspiring actor Dick Ritchie, to sell the drug and travel to Mexico. He visits his father Clifford Worley and gives his address to him. But the Sicilian Mafia is the owner of the drug and a group of killers are sent to hunt down Clarnece and Alabama. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A lonely pop culture fan falls in love with a call girl and accidentally takes drugs from her pimp. The two go on the run to Los Angeles to sell the drugs and live happily ever after. Only they don't know that Sicilian mafia and LAPD are after the drugs. Lukenelson10 A hooker with a heart of gold meets an Elvis-obsessed single man and the adventure of a lifetime begins. Brad Pitt turns in a stellar albeit brief performance as a stoner and the plot twist was so unique it was used again in 2-3 later films. standaman96 Clarence (Christian Slater) meets, beds, falls in love with, and the next day marries Alabama (Patricia Arquette), who has been a call girl for exactly 4 days. Attempting to retrieve a bag of her belongings from her pimp Drexl (Gary Oldman), they accidentally end up with a suitcase full of the mob's cocaine and run off in Clarence's pink Cadillac to Hollywood, where they hope to sell the coke through the connections of his actor buddy Dick (Michael Rapaport). The mob of course is close behind, and they probably won't settle for just getting the dope back. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comic book store clerk and film buff Clarence Worley (Christian Slater) watches a Sonny Chiba triple feature at a Detroit movie theater for his birthday. Here he meets Alabama Whitman (Patricia Arquette), an attractive young woman. After having sex, she tearfully confesses that she is a call girl hired by Clarence's boss as a birthday present. She has fallen in love with Clarence and he with her. The next day, they marry. Alabama's volatile pimp, Drexl Spivey (Gary Oldman), makes Clarence uneasy. An apparition of his idol, Elvis Presley (Val Kilmer), tells him that killing Drexl will make the world a better place. Clarence stands up to the intimidating Drexl and tells him to leave Alabama alone. Drexl assaults and subdues Clarence and takes his wallet. Clarence draws a gun and kills Drexl and a henchman. He grabs a bag that he assumes belongs to Alabama. When he tells Alabama he killed Drexl, she sobs and finds this "so romantic." Opening the suitcase, the two find it is full of stolen cocaine. Clarence and Alabama decide to leave for California immediately. First they pay a visit to Clarence's father, Clifford Worley (Dennis Hopper), a security guard and ex-cop. Clarence wants to find out if he is in the clear regarding Drexl's murder. Clifford tells him that the police assume it to be a drug-related killing. In Los Angeles, the young couple plans to meet Clarence's old friend Dick Ritchie (Michael Rapaport), an aspiring actor. Clifford is ambushed in his home by gangster Vincenzo Coccotti (Christopher Walken) and his men, who tracked him by using Clarence's wallet. They want the drugs taken from Drexl, their underling. Clifford refuses to reveal where his son has gone. Accepting that he is going to die anyway, he insults Coccotti [1], who angrily shoots Clifford dead before finding a note on the fridge giving Clarence's whereabouts in L.A. Clarence plans to use Dick's contacts with an actor named Elliot (Bronson Pinchot) to sell the drugs to a film producer, Lee Donowitz (Saul Rubinek). Elliot, who has some of Clarence's cocaine is stopped while speeding and is arrested for drug possession. Believing Clarence's story of getting the drugs from a dirty cop, he informs on Donowitz's drug deal to escape prison time. Alabama is found alone in their hotel room and interrogated by one of Coccotti's henchmen, Virgil (James Gandolfini), who viciously beats her. Alabama fights back and miraculously manages to kill him. She and Clarence talk of moving to Cancn with the money from the drug deal. Knowing that Elliot's cocaine was uncut, and with Elliot "confessing" in order to avoid prison, L.A. detectives Nicholson (Tom Sizemore) and Dimes (Chris Penn) conclude that a sizable drug deal is about to go down. Promising him that he can avoid prison in return for cooperation, the two detectives have Elliot wear a wire to the deal. Coccotti's men learn where the deal is going down from Dick's drugged-out roommate Floyd (Brad Pitt) and they all converge on Lee Donowitz's hotel. As a fan of his film work, Clarence makes a good impression on Lee. They are then ambushed by both the cops and gangsters who, coincidentally, break in almost at the same time. In the middle of a Mexican standoff, Lee realizes that Elliot is an informant and berates him, throwing a hot pot of coffee on him, causing a massive shootout. Dick abandons the drugs and flees. Clarence is shot in the eye when he exits the bathroom, devastating Alabama. While Dimes kills one of Donowitz's men, Alabama (thinking Clarence is dead) then shoots and kills Dimes ending the battle. Lee, Elliot, the police, gangsters and bodyguards are all killed. Clarence, however, survives, partially blinded. He and Alabama escape as more police swarm the hotel. They are shown as a happy family on a beach in Cancn, with a son they have named Elvis. 
 Natural Born Killers (1994)541) Two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and psychopathic serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media. Mickey Knox and Mallory Wilson aren't your typical lovers - after killing her abusive father, they go on a road trip where, every time they stop somewhere, they kill pretty well everyone around them. They do however leave one person alive at every shootout to tell the story and they soon become a media sensation thanks to sensationalized reporting. Told in a highly visual style. garykmcd The misadventures of Mickey and Mallory: outcasts, lovers, and serial killers. They travel across Route 666 conducting psychadelic mass-slaughters not for money, not for revenge, just for kicks. Glorified by the media, the pair become legendary folk heroes; their story told by the single person they leave alive at the scene of each of their slaughters. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Delivery boy Mickey Knox falls in love with customer Mallory Wilson. He soon helps her kill her abusive father and enabling mother, beginning their macabre journey down Route 666. Their M.O.: every few miles, they attack everyone within their site, invariably leaving only one person alive to tell the tale. The two are made famous by unscrupulous reporter Wayne Gale, as they run across the countryside, pursued by the equally sadistic Jack Scagnetti. Just before the trial, a ratings-whoring interview by the same reporter who made them famous leads to pandemonium, not just within the prison itself, but nationwide. A satire of the media, public opinion, and the modern attitude toward violence. T. Brendan Leahy Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Introduction Mickey Knox and his wife Mallory go to a roadside caf in the New Mexico desert. They appear to be normal customers, with Mickey eating key lime pie and Mallory dancing to rock 'n' roll on the jukebox. A group of rednecks arrive and one begins dancing and flirting with Mallory. She encourages him for a moment, then attacks him without provocation by smashing his beer bottle as he drinks from it. A fistfight ensues, with Mallory beating the man. When the redneck's friend intervenes, Mickey cuts off one of the cowboy's fingers and stabs him with a large Bowie-style knife. Mickey and Mallory then begin killing the diner's patrons, culminating in a morbid game of "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe" to decide who lives and who dies among the last 2 customers. After executing their final victim, Mabel the waitress, the couple make sure the only survivor, a cook, remembers their names and promises to tell the authorities who committed the massacre before they embrace and declare their undying love for each other. Part I Mickey and Mallory are in a desert at night. Mallory is reminiscing about when they first met. A flashback shows Mickey as a butcher's deliveryman who came to the house where Mallory lived with her abusive father (Rodney Dangerfield), her neglectful mother (Edie McClurg), and her younger brother Kevin. The flashback is portrayed as a 1950s-type sitcom with a canned laughter track, the "audience" laughing hardest when Mallory is subjected to lewd comments and hints of molestation by her father. Mickey instantly falls in love with Mallory. They leave together, Mickey stealing Mallory's father's car. Mickey is arrested and imprisoned for grand theft auto, but he subsequently escapes a horse work farm during a tornado and returns to Mallory's house. The two kill her father by beating him with a jack handle and drowning him in a fish tank, then burn her mother alive in bed. They spare her ten-year-old brother, Mallory telling him that he is free. They leave to rapturous applause from the "audience." Mickey and Mallory get "married" on the side of a bridge, exchanging snake wedding bands, cutting their palms and mixing their blood which drips down into the river below. They drive to a motel for the night. After watching television, they begin to have sex until Mickey is distracted by a female hostage. Furious with Mickey's notion that they have a threesome, Mallory drives to a nearby gas station where she flirts with the mechanic. They begin to have sex on the hood of a car, but Mallory is angered by his over-aggressive oral sex and shoots him to death. Back at the motel, Mickey rapes the hostage. Part II The pair continue their killing-spree (which bears similarities to Bonnie and Clyde and the Starkweather-Fugate murders), ultimately claiming 48 victims along Route 666 in New Mexico, Colorado and Utah. Pursuing them are two characters who see the murderers as a chance to achieve fame for themselves. The first is a policeman, Detective Jack Scagnetti, who seems particularly fascinated by Mallory. Scagnetti is already a well-known personality, a published author, whose book "Scagnetti on Scagnetti" is a best-seller within law enforcement. Scagnetti has a lifelong obsession with mass murderers after witnessing his mother being shot and killed by Charles Whitman in Austin, Texas when he was eight. Despite his heroic facade, he is actually sociopathic, strangling a prostitute to death in a hotel room after he tries to get too rough with her & she scratches his face. The second follower of the killers is journalist Wayne Gale, an Australian who hosts a show called American Maniacs, which profiles mass murderers. Various clips of Mickey and Mallory are shown, with Gale acting outraged on-screen as he details the pair's crimes, although off-air he clearly regards them as a fantastic way of increasing his show's ratings. It is Gale who is primarily responsible for elevating Mickey and Mallory to hero status, with his show featuring interviews with people around the world expressing their admiration for the killers. Mickey and Mallory become lost in the desert and encounter Warren Red Cloud, a Navajo Indian, and his pre-adolescent grandson. After the two fall asleep, the Navajo, hoping to expel the demon he perceives in Mickey, begins chanting beside the fire, invoking nightmares in Mickey about his abusive parents. Mickey wakes up in a rage and fatally shoots the Navajo before he realizes what he is doing. It is the first time Mallory and Mickey feel guilty for a murder. While fleeing from the scene through the desert, they stray into a field of rattlesnakes and are both bitten. They drive to a drugstore to find snake antivenin, but the pharmacist sets off the silent alarm before Mickey kills him. Police cars pull up. Mallory is captured immediately and is subsequently beaten by the sadistic and brutish police. A gunfight breaks out between Mickey and the others. When Scagnetti arrives, he tells Mickey that unless he surrenders he'll cut off Mallory's breasts, slashing her a few times with his knife. Mickey gives up his gun, but he attacks Scagnetti with a knife. The police use tazers on him, and the scene ends with Mickey and Mallory being beaten by a group of vengeful policemen while Scagnetti excitedly looks on. Part III The story picks up one year later. The homicidal couple have been imprisoned -- a trial is only hinted at in footage provided by Gale. The two have killed several people in prison, including inmates and guards. Mallory herself has murdered her psychiatrist. Both are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane. Scagnetti arrives at the prison and encounters Dwight McClusky, the sleazy and abusive warden of the prison. The two devise a plan to murder the two criminals: McClusky will arrange for Scagnetti to be the driver for the Knox's transfer. Alone with the pair, Scagnetti will kill them, claiming they tried to escape. Wayne Gale has persuaded Mickey to agree to a live interview, to air immediately after the Super Bowl. Mallory is held in solitary confinement elsewhere in the prison, awaiting her transport to the mental hospital. In preparation for his TV appearance, Mickey shaves his head. During the interview, Mickey gives a speech about how murder provides enlightenment and declares himself a "natural born killer." His words inspire the other inmates (who are watching the interview on TV in the recreation room) and incite them to riot. When word of the riot reaches McClusky, he orders the interview terminated over Gale's violent protests. Mickey is left alone with Gale, the TV crew and several guards. Using a lengthy joke as a diversion, Mickey overpowers a guard and grabs his shotgun and kills most of the guards and some of Gale's crew. Mickey takes the survivors hostage, leading them through the prison riot, intending to reunite with Mallory. Gale follows, excitedly giving a live television report as people are beaten and killed around him. Inmates torture and murder prisoners and guards alike. During the interview and outbreak of the riot, Scagnetti is in Mallory's cell, attempting to seduce her. Mallory plays along for a short time, then attacks Scagnetti violently, smashing his face against the wall and breaking his nose. The guards and Scagnetti subdue her. Still live on national television, Mickey bursts into Mallory's cell and engages in a brief Mexican standoff with Scagnetti, eventually feigning a concession. Mallory then approaches Scagnetti from behind and slashes his throat with a shank. Mickey then reveals that the shotgun was unloaded, much to Scagnetti's horror. Mallory picks up Scagnetti's loaded gun and kills him. They continue to escape through the riot-torn prison, with two guards as hostages. The remainder of Gale's TV crew are killed. Gale himself snaps and begins to shoot at the guards, claiming to be "alive for the first time in [his] life" while calling his wife and telling her he's been cheating on her with another woman. After being rescued by a mysterious prisoner named Owen Traft, the trio of Mickey, Mallory and Gale run into Warden McClusky and a heavily armed posse of guards. Cavanaugh, the guard they'd taken hostage, is shot to death by McClusky's men. In retaliation, Mallory shoots Gale thru his hand & they retreat, taking cover in a blood-splattered shower room. Gale calls his wife and tells her he is leaving her. He calls his mistress to tell her he will see her later, however, she hangs up on him. McClusky threatens to storm the shower room. Mickey in turn, duct-tapes shotguns to the necks of Gale & a guard, Homolka, threatening to kill both on live TV. The prisoners walk out the front door. McClusky and his guards are massacred by hordes of inmates who burst into the area. They tear McClusky apart, cutting his head off and displaying it on a spike (a shot removed from the theatrical showing and seen in the director's cut only). After the escape, Owen is never seen or mentioned again. Mickey and Mallory steal a van and kill the last guard. Escaping to a rural location, they give a final interview to Wayne Gale before, much to his surprise and horror, they tell him he must also die. Gale futilely attempts to change their minds, finally appealing to their trademark practice of leaving one witness to tell the tale. Mickey inform hims they are leaving his camera as the witness. Gale accepts his fate and extends his arms as if crucified as they shoot him numerous times while his unattended camera continues to roll. The couple are shown several years later in an RV, with Mickey driving and Mallory (who is pregnant) watching their two children play. 