nm0007017:

 Mr. Bourn's Gold (1997)Summaries Miners wary of a new invention - dynamite - and an orphanage threatened with closure: these are the threads of a true tale set in the mining town of Grass Valley, California, in 1872. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rag City Padre (1999)Summaries Cholera grips Sacramento in 1850, killing or driving out two-thirds of the city's population. One person stands out: pioneer missionary Peter Anderson. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Long Road Home (1991 TV Movie)Summaries Ertie Robertson, a man with incredible strength and aggressive thoughts, does everything he can to keep his family alive. The Great Depression has made them homeless, drifting around working from farm to farm with only one goal: get enough money for supper. A while back Ertie was s rodeo star, a hero for family and neighbors. After falling from a horse he got injured for life and his burning wish of everybody being proud of him shattered. His wife Bessie is a woman with strong will and courage. Her dream of one day living in a house, a home, is what keeps the family together. Jake, their son, has felt hunger and poverty all his life. His memories of a happy family are vague, but the dreams are strong. This is the story of a family with dreams, courage and a will of steel. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fountains of Columbia (1998)Summaries A tale of the Gold Rush town of Columbia, California, told through the eyes of 14-year-old Mary Leary, an historical character from 1857. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 