nm0004978:

 Drive Me Crazy (1999)44) Nicole and Chase used to be BFFs, then junior high happened. The high school centennial dance is coming but Nicole gets dumped. So does Chase. They stage a relationship to get at their exes. They visit each other's worlds. Love in the air? Nicole (Melissa Joan Hart) and Chase (Adrian Grenier) are neighbors but are from two very different worlds. Despite their differences their love lives have a common theme. Their most recent plans for love have fallen through putting them both in a desperate state to fix them. Both Nicole and Chase conspire to pretend to find a romantic interest in each other, with the hopes of attracting the "ones who got away" from them. Leading up to the big school dance, Chase and Nicole find that their scam worked out better than they had planned. Nicole Maris is a popular high school preppy senior in Utah who gets her life turned upside down when her perfect date, Brad, falls for a cute cheerleader from another school a month before the school's centennial senior prom. After recovering from the shock, Nicole comes up with a solution to save her reputation: find a guy to appear like they're going steady and to take her to the dance hoping to make Brad jealous. Nicole then hooks up with her next door neighbor, prankster and trouble maker Chase Hammond, and tries to model him in her own image while he's looking to make his long-term girlfriend Dulcie jealous too. However, both Nicole and Chase don't expect their charade to lead it where they never expected it to. Matt Patay Nicole is popular and stylish and has her sights set on one thing, the gala centennial celebration theme for the prom. She has always been into doing good for the planet. Her second sights are on a date to escort her. But when her dream date invites another girl, Nicole must act fast to find a substitute. She decides to go low and asks her grungy next door neighbor to take her there. But first, he needs a little work done to himself. She gives him a fashion make over to show his true handsome self. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Entourage (20042011)Summaries Film star Vince Chase navigates the vapid terrain of Los Angeles with a close circle of friends and his trusty agent. In this sitcom, the suddenly risen film star Vince Chase, a 'jeune premiere' of humble origins, learns the ropes of the business and the high-profile world of the wealthy happy few in and around Hollywood, but not alone: he brings from his native New York his atypical 'entourage (hence the title), not glitterati or professionals but a close circle of friends since childhood, and his professional agent finds they often make his job harder as the Queens boys not only sponge on the star but also have his ear, so Vince is much harder to counsel. Vince chooses his friend from home Eric as his manager, and LA professional Ari Gold as his agent. Over the course of the Series, they progress from kids from Queens, to actors, to producers and chase the funding and support to try to make the perfect movie for Vincent. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Devil Wears Prada (2006)651) A smart but sensible new graduate lands a job as an assistant to Miranda Priestly, the demanding editor-in-chief of a high fashion magazine. In New York, the simple and naive just-graduated in journalism Andrea Sachs is hired to work as the second assistant of the powerful and sophisticated Miranda Priestly, the ruthless and merciless executive of the Runway fashion magazine. Andrea dreams to become a journalist and faces the opportunity as a temporary professional challenge. The first assistant Emily advises Andrea about the behavior and preferences of their cruel boss, and the stylist Nigel helps Andrea to dress more adequately for the environment. Andrea changes her attitude and behavior, affecting her private life and the relationship with her boyfriend Nate, her family and friends. In the end, Andrea learns that life is made of choices. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After graduating from university, Andy lands the dream job that "a million girls would kill for": assistant to Miranda - the chief editor of Runway, the top-selling fashion magazine in the industry. It is a job set to fast-track her career in journalism, if she can survive a year working for Miranda. From here, Andy, with no sense of fashion at all, begins a fish-out-of-water drama as she is thrown into a lifestyle full of the fast-paced, three-inch-minimum-heel-height, diet coke and coffee substance abuse. Andy works really hard to deal with Miranda's endless unimaginable demands. She even becomes trendy and classy. However, she gradually finds she is working 24/7 and soon her life with boyfriend Nate and best friend Lily is slipping away from her. Then, she realizes that she is losing what really matters. She does not want to lose herself no matter how many pairs of Monolos and Jimmy Choos she can score along the way. Amy The story tells the professional adventure of Andrea, whose greatest dream is to become a journalist. Andrea gets a job in the fashion industry through Runway magazine, the most famous of its type, to make ends meet. But Andrea won't develop her writing skills in the magazine, but her talents as the editor in chief's assistant, Miranda. The problem is that Miranda is a merciless, posh and cruel woman, making the experience a living hell for the girl. The environment in the place will be cold and extremely critical with the physical appearance. The girl will have to change her simple and plain style, for a more trendy and elegant one, in order to gain the acceptance of her ruthless boss and colleagues, specially Emily, her unpleasant workmate. Despite everything against Andrea in the office, she will consider the experience as a challenge, drastically changing her clothes and self-image, with the help of Nigel, the magazine's art director. Nevertheless, the job becomes extremely demanding, because of Miranda's tough work rhythm and nearly impossible tasks, leaving Andrea without a private life with her boyfriend, family and friends. Maybe the old Andrea has gone, now more preoccupied about her image and her future in the magazine. Alejandro Frias Miranda Priestley of "Runway" magazine tears up the landscape as a demanding fashion editor. She is a terror to everyone around her, as quickly depicted in the opening scenes of the movie. Her first assistant strives to please her and tries to emulate her, but one can sense that Miranda is not quite as hard as she tries to put on. Into this mix comes Andrea, a young woman who knows nothing of the fashion industry, has never read the magazine, and doesn't know who Miranda Priestley is. She sees this as only a stepping stone to another journalism position. Although Andrea shows no fashion sense and is immediately scorned by everyone, Miranda nonetheless hires her as the second assistant. When Miranda demands that she obtain the next unpublished Harry Potter manuscript, you can sense that she is trying to force her to quit, but it makes the young woman dig in to please her boss. With the help of one of the magazine's fashion editors, she gets a complete makeover and a new security. However, with her new appearance and the demands placed on her, she starts to lose her friends, family and her live-in boy friend. As she is whisked away to Paris with Miranda and faces all the glamor that could be hers. While in Paris the two are held hostage by none other than Hans Grber, who survived his fall from the Nakatomi Plaza years earlier. Celebrity cameos from Bruce Willis (reprising John McClane) and Stan Lee (Creepy office janitor) round out this comedy romp. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Andrea "Andy" Sachs ( Anne Hathaway ), an aspiring journalist fresh out of Northwestern University, lands the magazine job "a million girls would kill for": junior personal assistant to icy editor-in-chief Miranda Priestly ( Meryl Streep ), who dominates the fashion world from her perch atop Runway magazine. Andy puts up with the eccentric and humiliating requests of her boss because, she is told, if she lasts a year in the position she will get her pick of other jobs, perhaps even the journalistic position she truly craves. At first, she fits in poorly among the gossipy fashionistas who make up the magazine staff. Her lack of style or fashion knowledge and fumbling with her job make her an object of scorn around the office. Senior assistant Emily Charlton ( Emily Blunt ), Miranda's senior personal assistant, is condescending to her. Gradually, though, with the help of art director Nigel ( Stanley Tucci ), Andrea adapts to the position and its many perks, including free designer clothing and other choice accessories. She begins to dress more stylishly and do her job competently, fulfilling a seemingly impossible request of Miranda's to get two copies of an unpublished Harry Potter manuscript to her daughters. She also comes to prize chance encounters with attractive young writer Christian Thompson ( Simon Baker ), who helped her obtain the Potter manuscript and suggests he could help her with her career. At the same time, however, her relationship with her boyfriend Nate ( Adrian Grenier ), a chef working his way up the career ladder, and other college friends suffers due to the increasing time she spends at Miranda's beck and call. Shortly afterwards, Andrea saves Miranda from social embarrassment at a charity benefit when the cold-stricken Emily falters in reminding Miranda who an approaching guest is. As a result, Miranda tells Andrea that she will accompany her to the fall fashion shows in Paris, rather than Emily who had been looking forward to the trip for months, but is currently suffering from the flu. Miranda warns Andrea that if she declines, it could adversely affect her future job prospects. Emily is hit by a car before Andrea can tell Emily that she is not going to Paris with Miranda, making Andrea's choice moot. During a gallery exhibit of her friend Lilly's ( Tracie Thoms ) photography, Andy again encounters Christian, who openly flirts with her, much to the shock and disgust of Lilly, who witnesses it all. After Lilly calls her out and walks away, Andy bumps into Nate, who, when she tells him she will be going to Paris, is angered that she refuses to admit that she's become the girls she's made fun of and that their relationship has taken a back seat. As a result, they break up in the middle of the street the night before she leaves for Paris. In Paris, Nigel tells Andrea that he has gotten a job as creative director with rising fashion star James Holt ( Daniel Sunjata ), at Miranda's recommendation, and will finally be in charge of his own life. Andrea also finally succumbs to Christian's charms, and sees her boss let down her guard for the first time as she worries about the effect an impending divorce will have on her twin daughters. But in the morning, Andrea finds out about a plan to replace Miranda as Runway editor with Jacqueline Follet, editor of the magazine's French edition, later that day. Despite the suffering she has endured at her boss's behest, she attempts to warn Miranda but is seemingly rebuffed each time by the very same woman she tries to save professionally. At a luncheon later that day, however, Miranda announces that it is Jacqueline instead of Nigel who will leave Runway for Holt. Later, when the two are being driven to a show, she explains to a still-stunned Andrea that she was grateful for the warning but already knew of the plot to replace her and sacrificed Nigel to keep her own job. Pleased by this display of loyalty, she tells Andrea she sees some of herself in her. Andrea, repulsed, said she could never do to anyone what Miranda did to Nigel, primarily as Nigel mentored Andrea. Miranda replies that she already did, stepping over Emily when she agreed to go to Paris. If she wants to get ahead in her career, that's what she'll have to be willing to do. Andrea gets out of the limo at the next stop, going not into the show with Miranda but out into the street, where instead of answering yet another call from her boss she throws her cell phone into a nearby fountain, leaving Miranda, Runway and fashion behind. Later, back in New York, she meets Nate for breakfast. He has accepted an offer to work as a sous-chef in a popular Boston restaurant, and will be moving there shortly. Andrea is disappointed but her hope is rejuvenated when he says they could work something out, implying they will have a long-distance relationship in the future. At the film's conclusion, she has finally been offered a job as a newspaper reporter, greatly helped by a fax from Miranda herself who told Andrea's prospective boss-in-line that Andrea was her "biggest disappointment ever", and that if they didn't hire her they would be idiots. Andrea calls Emily and offers her all of the clothes that she got in Paris, which Andrea insists that she doesn't need anymore. Emily accepts and tells Andrea's replacement she has some big shoes to fill. In the last shot, Andrea, dressed as she was at the beginning of the film but with a bit more style, sees Miranda get into her car across the street. They exchange looks and Miranda gives no indication of a greeting, but gives a soft smile once inside the car, before sternly telling her chauffeur to "go!". 
 Entourage (2015)431) Movie star Vincent Chase, together with his boys Eric, Turtle, and Johnny, are back - and back in business with super agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold on a risky project that will serve as Vince's directorial debut. This movie picks up where the TV show ended. Vincent Chase is offered a role by his former agent now Studio boss Ari Gold in a movie he is developing. Vincent agrees on the condition that he be allowed to direct the movie also. Nearly a year later, Vince is uncertain if the movie is ready, so he asks Ari for money to finish the movie. But Vincent has asked for money more than once already and Ari's bosses are not happy of how much they're spending. But he goes to their backer to ask for more money and he wants to see what Vince has shot so far but Vince won't let anyone see it yet. But he's planning a screening, and asks the backer to come to L.A. with him but he can't so he sends his son instead. At the screening Vince decides not to show it. But gives out DVDS. The son after watching the movie, says he has issues with Drama, Vince's brother who has a small role in the movie. Vince is unwilling to drop him. When they appease the son, he then says he has issues with Vince. So as they try to fix the situation, Ari's catching heat both professionally and personally. And Vincent's friend, E who is expecting a baby with his ex Sloane, is trying to decide if he wants to get back with her. rcs0411@yahoo.com Vincent Chase, who separated from his wife after nine days of marriage, wants to do something new in his career. He calls his former agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold, who offers Vince a leading role in his first studio production. Vince says he will only star in it if he directs. Eight months later, Hyde, the directorial debut by Vince, is in the middle of post-production and is over budget by $15 million. Needing more money, Vince asks Ari if they can get an additional $10 million to complete the movie. Reluctant, but wanting to please him, Ari flies to Texas to meet the co-financiers of the movie, Larsen McCredle and his son Travis, to get them to give the money. Hesitant, Larsen sends Travis with Ari back to Los Angeles to see a cut of the film at Vince's private screening. Vince has second thoughts on the rough cut and cancels the screening out of fear no one will enjoy it. He later gives Ari and Travis a copy of the movie for their viewing. Ari and Travis enjoy the movie but Travis requests that Ari cut the scenes with Vince's brother, Johnny "Drama" Chase, out of the movie or he will not give the film the extra money. With Ari giving him no answer, Travis puts the post-production on hold. Vince and Eric "E" Murphy visit Travis to come up with a solution, but this results in Travis saying he did not like Vince's performance either and wants the entire movie to be redone with a new lead and director. In addition, studio CEO John Ellis removes Ari from the production.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Johnny "Drama" Chase (Kevin Dillon), Eric "E" Murphy (Kevin Connolly), and Sal "Turtle" Assante (Jerry Ferrara) riding a motorboat to a yacht party for their buddy Vincent Chase (Adrian Grenier). Vince has just been separated from his wife after nine days of marriage and is already dating Nina Agdal. The guys talk about a new project for Vince. He calls up his former agent-turned-studio head Ari Gold (Jeremy Piven). Ari offers Vince the project, but Vince says that he wants to direct the film too. Ari is left silent. After an opening credits sequence (not unlike that of the TV series), we see a segment from Piers Morgan eight months later, detailing Vince's directorial debut, "Hyde", which is a new take on "Jekyll and Hyde". Vince has cast Drama in a pivotal supporting role. The segment also adds that E is still managing Vince while Turtle is still his driver. Ari is obviously nervous about having allowed Vince, a big Hollywood actor, to go ahead and take on such a big project for his first-time directing gig. Drama, meanwhile, is confident that he will nab himself an Oscar nomination. The film's production goes over-budget by $15 million. The guys head to the studio to meet with Ari so Vince can ask him for more in addition to the $100 million Ari already gave Vince. Ari doesn't want to do it because he'll have to involve financiers from Texas, but Vince is certain that he needs it to fully complete his vision. As the guys leave the studio, Turtle catches a glimpse of Ronda Rousey. He gets excited and follows her, hoping she will remember him from the one time they met. She stops her car in the middle of the street and grabs a wrench to hit Turtle's car until she recognizes him and Vince, noting that Turtle used to be fat. E meets up at the OB/GYN with his ex-girlfriend Sloan (Emmanuelle Chriqui), who is close to giving birth. He meets T.I. in the waiting room, who is pissed that he's about to have another baby. E is also currently seeing a new girl named Melanie (Sabina Gadecki), though he hasn't told Sloan about her. She finds out when she sees a text from her that says she wants E's cock. Ari is in Texas to meet with the financiers. He chats on FaceTime with his former assistant Lloyd (Rex Lee). Lloyd is getting married and wants Ari to give him away because he has a sour relationship with his dad. Ari groans and hangs up as he pulls up to the home of the financiers, Larsen McCredle (Billy Bob Thornton) and his doofus son Travis (Haley Joel Osment). The two are hesitant in giving Ari more money, but Ari is confident in Vince's work and persuades Larsen to give up the money. He sends Travis back with Ari to ensure things go well. After the movie's rough cut is complete, Vince hosts a screening party, with celebrity guests like Gary Busey, Clay Matthews, Andrew Dice Clay, and Bob Saget, who asks Vince to have sex with his daughter's friends so he won't have to. Drama chats with Jon Favreau for a part in another "Iron Man" movie, which Favreau declines. Ronda also shows up to hang out with Turtle. They walk in on E, hopped up on molly water, having sex with a girl he just met named Paula (Christine Donlon). Ari is upset that he's the only one that didn't get an invite, so he heads to the party himself to view the film anyway. Travis tags along and gets excited when he sees Vince with Emily Ratajkowski, as he has a huge crush on her. He introduces himself to her and comes off like a fool. A nervous Vince backs out and tells everyone that the projector broke, so he saves face by introducing the guests to Pharrell and gets him to perform. He gives Ari a DVD of the film for his own personal viewing. Ari watches the film at home. We see a bumping party in a tunnel where Vince, as the main character, plays the DJ. The cops show up to bust the party, until Vince throws everyone at the party a container of some sort. One person hurls a Molotov cocktail at the cops. Vince takes the serum and morphs into the film's Hyde persona. It then cuts to the next day where Ari has left Vince and the guys with a sweet new ride to show that he absolutely loved the movie, and he even gets E a mini-scooter as a gag. Ari drives to the studio to find Travis parked his car in Ari's spot. Ari leaves his car in front of Ed O'Neill's car, to the actor's dismay. Ari confronts Travis, who tells him that while he liked the movie, he did not like Drama's performance, and he demands that Vince cut Drama from the film. Turtle continues his pursuit of Ronda, but Drama thinks she is only talking to him to expand her brand. He meets with her and starts talking business, only to discover that Ronda actually is interested in him and cooked a meal for them, but she is upset at his behavior and orders him to leave. E joins Sloan at a Lamaze class and admits he still has some interest in her. She invites him to join her for sex until he admits he had sex with two women in the same day. Sloan leaves and E gets a call from Melanie, who says she is pregnant. She tells him to meet her at a restaurant. He walks there until Turtle and Drama spot him and take him there. Paula finds him and sits with him, suggesting she may have given him an STD. Melanie arrives and sits to argue with Paula, until it turns out they know each other and orchestrated the whole thing to see if E was a typical L.A. douchebag. Knowing that Melanie isn't pregnant and that Paula doesn't have a disease, E leaves in high spirits. Ari joins his wife (Perrey Reeves) at an anger management session with Dr. Marcus (Nora Dunn). The couple sees Kelsey Grammer leaving, swearing profusely. Ari has tried to keep his anger under control, but all the pressure from the movie is getting to him. He takes a phone call in the middle of the session to learn that Travis has locked himself in the studio and has kept everyone else out. Ari furiously punches a framed picture of a cat and continues with the meeting. Vince goes to the studio to try and get Travis to come out. He is approached by Mark Wahlberg and his own entourage as Ari shows up to tell Vince that Travis wants to cut Drama out of the picture. Mark says it's messed up and he wouldn't cut any of his family out of his stuff. Vince realizes he has to break the news to Drama himself. Drama is engaging in an affair with a woman he hooked up with at the screening party. They're about to get kinky on their phone cameras until the girl's boyfriend comes in and threatens Drama. Ari's assistant (Scott Mescudi) finds Ari during a meeting and tells him that the studio CEO John Ellis (Alan Dale) wants Ari to see him in his office. He retorts that Ellis should see him in his own office, forcing Ari to head to his office through the studio. He passes David Spade, who is upset that they're releasing "Hyde" on a date where one of his movies is coming out, along with Jessica Alba, who wants Ari to greenlight her passion project and also expresses her disgust at the director of her current project that is taking pictures of her ass. Ari gets to his office before Ellis does and plays hardball regarding the movie. However, Ellis still takes him off the project and replaces him. Vince finds his friends and tells them about their problem. Without saying a word, Drama realizes that HE is the problem. This sends him into a depression. He's drinking in the car on the way to a meeting with Travis. Vince and E speak with Travis, who admits he hated Vince in the movie. This throws everybody for a loop. Ari realizes something is up. He goes to meet with Travis, and realizes it's something personal, but he doesn't know what. Over lunch later, Vince confesses to the guys he's dating Emily Ratajkowski, and the guys realize that's why Travis is pissed. Drama goes to another audition, only for the casting directors to not pay attention to him because they see a viral video of Drama masturbating furiously, which the girl's boyfriend uploaded in retaliation. Drama is unable to escape the mockery wherever he goes. The guys join Turtle as he goes to the gym to apologize to Ronda for how he acted. She challenges him to a cage match to prove he really wants to go out with her. Turtle asks if 30 seconds will get him a date with her, to which Ronda says she'll have sex with him if he lasts a full minute. Ronda knocks Turtle on his ass and snaps his arm, right as the clock ticks 30 seconds. Ari flies to meet with Larsen, Ellis, Travis, and his old friend Dana Gordon (Constance Zimmer). He confronts the McCredles and says that the only reason Travis is slamming the movie is because he hates Vince, and it's because he's jealous of the time he spends with Emily. Apparently, Travis stayed outside her house one night to see if Vince would show up. Larsen is disappointed in his son and orders Travis to stay outside for the meeting. Ari gives Larsen a DVD of the movie, with Dana adding that she thinks it's amazing. Larsen says he trusts the studio because they do good work, but he won't give them anymore money unless Ari is fired. He says it's because he treated Travis poorly. He tells Ari that even if his son is a buffoon, he still wishes people would at least pretend to respect him. This seems to resonate with Ari, who realizes he screwed up. Sloan's waters break, and the guys go to the hospital for the birth of E's child. E tells Sloan that he still loves her. She gives birth to a healthy baby girl that they name Ryan Murphy (yes, after THAT Ryan Murphy). Drama forgets about his woes once he learns that E's daughter was born. He joins the gang at the hospital to celebrate. While there, Vince gets a phone call from Piers Morgan asking for a comment about the recent resignation of Ari as studio head. Ari arrives at the hospital room at the same time. On their way out of the hospital, Ari explains his resignation as a way to save dignity, as they were going to fire him anyways. He explains that he turned down a hefty severance package in exchange for a share of the profits from Vince's movie. He believes in the movie, and is proud of Vince and his entourage. We move to months later at the Golden Globe Awards, where we learn from Maria Menounos and Matt Lauer that "Hyde" is a worldwide box office success, and it's garnered 4 nominations, including Best Picture and two acting nominations for Vince and Drama. Ari is interviewed and says he is up for another job at another studio, so he's doing just fine. As the show starts, Vince, E, Drama, Turtle, and Ari all head in together. Before the end credits start, Mark is announcing the winner for Best Supporting Actor. To his surprise, the winner is Drama. Drama is stunned, and he goes to accept the award. He is silent for a moment before yelling, "VICTORY!!!" His pals and every other guest cheer for him. In a mid-credits sequence, Ari gives Rex away at his wedding, with all the guys in attendance. During the reception, they get together for a picture. During this time, Turtle pitches the idea of a movie detailing how Vince and his crew came from nothing and made something out of themselves. Ari says it's the dumbest idea ever. Turtle retorts that maybe it could be made into a TV series. 