nm0000674:

 The Karate Kid Part II (1986)651) Daniel accompanies his mentor, Mr. Miyagi, to Miyagi's childhood home in Okinawa. Miyagi visits his dying father and confronts his old rival, while Daniel falls in love and inadvertently makes a new rival of his own. Picks up where the first movie (Karate Kid) leaves off. Mr. Miyagi and Daniel take a trip to Okinawa to visit Mr Miyagi's dying father. After arriving Mr Miyagi finds he still has feelings for an old love. This stirs up trouble with an old rival that he originally left Okinawa to avoid. In the mean time Daniel encounters a new love and also makes some enemies. K. Rose <rcs@texas.net> Resting on his laurels as an undisputed Karate Champion, Daniel LaRusso and his invaluable dear mentor, Mr Miyagi, return to the latter's hometown in humid Okinawa, after receiving an urgent letter about the sensei's gravely ill father. It's been already many years since the karate master left Japan; however, the need to tie up some loose ends of the past is as imperative as ever, as Miyagi's childhood friend and now an embittered sworn enemy, is still waiting for an opportunity to a lethal fight to the death. Obviously, almost half a lifetime isn't enough to leave the past behind--and to make matters worse--Sato's nephew, Chozen, thirsts to continue the feud by challenging Miyagi's love-smitten apprentice, Daniel, to a no-holds-barred match. But isn't love worth fighting for? Nick Riganas This sequel to the 1984 surprise hit The Karate Kid reunites Ralph Macchio as high-school student Danny and Noriyuki "Pat" Morita as Danny's martial-arts mentor, Miyagi. Picking up where the first film left off, The Karate Kid Part II finds Danny and Miyagi making an emergency trip to Okinawa, where Miyagi's father is dying. Here they revisit Miyagi's childhood sweetheart (Nobu McCarthy), who, Miyagi believes, had been wheedled into an arranged marriage with loose-cannon karate expert Sato (Danny Kamekona). Little does Miyagi realize that the woman is still single; Sato is still around as well, however, and intent on resuming the fight with his old nemesis. Morita agrees; meanwhile, Danny is challenged by Kamekona's pugnacious nephew (Yuji Okumoto). It's summer, Daniel just broke up with his girlfriend and was told by his mother that her job needs her to move to Fresno for the summer which Daniel doesn't like. Mr. Miyagi was going to let Daniel stay with him until he receives a letter from Okinawa telling him that his father is dying. So Miyagi leaves to go there and Daniel joins him. Miyagi tells Daniel that the reason he left Okinawa was because his best friend, Sato whose family is the most affluent in Okinawa, was promised Yukie, the girl Miyagi loved. So Miyagi asks her to run away with him and when Sato learned of this, he challenged Miyagi to a fight to the death. So Miyagi left. Upon arriving Miyagi discovers Sato still wants to fight him. At the same time Daniel finds a rival in Sato's nephew and best student, Chozen. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening of the story recaps events from the end of the previous film: Daniel LaRusso squares off against Johnny in the final match of the All-Valley Karate Tournament and wins the match and the tournament when he plants his mentor's, Mr. Miyagi's, signature move, a "crane kick" to Johnny's chin. Following the match, Daniel is showering and suggests to Miyagi that they perhaps go on tour to different karate championships. Miyagi kindly says that Daniel should consider "early retirement". Daniel humbly agrees. As they walk out to the parking lot, Daniel is congratulated by the tourney's announcer and referee on his win. Kreese, Johnny's sensei and owner of the Kobra Kai dojo, stalks past, pushing people angrily out of his way. He finds his students in the lot and berates Johnny for not winning the tourney. The scene turns ugly when Johnny talks back, telling his teacher that he's sick in the head. Kreese suddenly grabs Johnny in a headlock and backhands Jimmy, another of his students. Miyagi tells Daniel to wait by their truck and confronts Kreese, ordering him to let Johnny go. When he doesn't Miyagi frees Johnny himself. Kreese furiously tries to punch Miyagi, who easily dodges the blow. Kreese's fist breaks a car window. When he tries to hit Miyagi again, he breaks another car window when Miyagi sidesteps again. Miyagi forces Kreese to his knees and prepares to deliver a seemingly deadly strike to Kreese, growling Kreese' own words about showing an enemy no mercy. He gives a huge yell but stops short of landing the blow and instead honks Kreese's nose and drops him to the ground. Miyagi explains to Daniel that Kreese will have to live with the shame of being publicly humiliated, which is far worse than death. Six months later an angry Daniel arrives at Miyagi's house. The car that Miyagi gave him, a 1948 Ford Super De Luxe, is having mechanical trouble and Daniel, dressed in a tuxedo, is talking angrily about how badly his prom went: his girlfriend, Ali, had borrowed his car and had caused the mechanical trouble. Daniel also grouses about how Ali has found a new boyfriend. To make matters worse, Daniel tells Miyagi that his mother has accepted a temporary transfer to Fresno for the summer and Daniel will have to go with her. Miyagi quickly fixes Daniel's car and takes him to the back of his house where he seems to be constructing a new room. He persuades Daniel to calm down and focus with his breathing technique and shows Daniel how to drive nails with a single shot. Daniel soon feels better and asks Miyagi what the addition to the house is for. Miyagi tells Daniel that the room is for a "refugee" from Fresno -- he'd talked to Daniel's mother, who'd agreed to let Daniel stay in Los Angeles with Miyagi for the summer. A few minutes later, the mail carrier shows up and gives Miyagi an overseas letter. The letter is from Miyagi's former girlfriend in Okinawa -- Miyagi's father is dying. Miyagi has to travel to Okinawa to see his father before he dies. Miyagi also tells Daniel more of the story about his leaving Okinawa: he'd fallen in love with a young woman named Yukie who was betrothed to his best friend, Sato. Miyagi talks about how he was young and foolish and had told the entire village that he was going to marry Yukie despite her parents wishes. Sato, whose karate teacher was also Miyagi's father, challenged his friend to a duel to the death. Miyagi chose to leave rather than fight his best friend. When he's about to board his plane, Daniel suddenly shows up, having persuaded his mother to accompany Miyagi on the trip. Miyagi is reluctant and Daniel tells him he'd used his savings to buy the ticket. Miyagi agrees and they both fly to Okinawa. On the plane Daniel studies a book on Okinawan history and is strangely unable to locate Miyagi's village on the map. When they arrive they are met by a young man a few years older than Daniel, Chozen, who has a car waiting for them. Before Daniel gets in the car, Chozen shakes hands with Daniel, menacingly crushing Daniel's hand. Chozen and his driver take the two to a warehouse near the airport. They are met by Sato, who still holds a grudge against Miyagi and reminds him of his actions years ago. Miyagi refuses to fight Sato. Sato and Chozen leave Miyagi and Daniel to find their own way to town. In a taxi, they stop at the US Air Force base, which Miyagi remembers being the location of his village, called Tomi. An Air Force officer tells them that the village was moved years ago when the base expanded. Arriving at Tomi, Miyagi goes immediately to his father's house. He and Daniel are met by a young woman about Daniel's age, Kumiko, and Miyagi's former love, Yukie. Yukie is happy to see Miyagi and reveals that after Miyagi had left, she hadn't married Sato & hadn't ever married. Later, Miyagi's father requests that both his son and Sato see him. He joins their hands together, asking them to make peace between them right before he dies. Sato grants Miyagi three days to mourn and funeral his held. Miyagi takes Daniel on a tour of Tomi. They arrive at the fishing house where Miyagi used to work. Miyagi shares a story about how he was distracted when a large net of fish came in and he was almost impaled on the net hook. To demonstrate, he releases one of the hooks and swivels at the hips and knees, just barely avoiding being killed. Miyagi calls it the "drum technique", which is reminiscent of the ceremonial drum of the local villagers. Daniel asks to try himself and is forced to jump off the pedestal and falls into the water. Miyagi announces an end to the lesson, however Daniel tries again, releasing a hook on his own and successfully dodging it. Miyagi agrees with Daniel that it was a stupid thing to do. Meanwhile, Daniel has run afoul of Chozen, who is Sato's nephew and seems intent on harassing Miyagi in his uncle's name. Daniel catches Chozen cheating the villagers for food with fake scale weights. Chozen also seems jealous of Daniel's budding relationship with Kumiko, and harangues him often. When Kumiko sees Daniel practicing the "drum" technique he'd learned from Miyagi, she tells him it looks like an ancient Japanese dance called "o-bon". Chozen shows up, drunk, and teases Daniel. The confrontation turns violent and Chozen beats Daniel. While on a date with Kumiko, they go into a bar full of locals and American servicemen who, despite their obvious ignorance of martial arts, are trying to karate chop thick sheets of ice for money. None of them have made it through more than two sheets. Daniel explains to Kumiko what they're doing wrong and one of the Americans drops a challenge. Chozen suddenly appears offering 3-to-1 odds that Daniel can't break six sheets. Miyagi steps in, having been found nearby by Kumiko, and takes Chozen's wager. Sato is there too and covers Chozen's bet. At Miyagi's suggestion, Daniel meditates for a few moments and easily breaks all six sheets. Miyagi gives Daniel his share of the money. Later that night, Daniel goes with Kumiko to a 1950s sock hop. Chozen is there and begins to beat on Daniel and takes the money he'd lost back. Daniel hits Chozen in the crotch and gets his money back, retreating with Kumiko. Miyagi meets with Sato at Sato's house. There he finds Sato practicing on a large wood plank. Miyagi knows the plank is the same one they found on the beach as friends. Miyagi appeals to Sato, saying he still doesn't want to fight his old friend. Sato scoffs and walks away. Miyagi also reconciles with Yukie, saying he's sorry for leaving her. She tells him that she'd never married because of Miyagi's conflict with Sato. Daniel and Kumiko later see Miyagi and Yukie engaged in an ancient tea ceremony where they declare their love for each other. When Miyagi's three days of mourning have passed, Sato and Chozen show up at Miyagi's home. When they are unable to find Miyagi, Sato leaves, telling his nephew to "leave a message" for him. Daniel is awoken by their voices and goes downstairs to the courtyard and is immediately grabbed by Chozen's friends. Chozen threatens Daniel with a spear, using it to get him in a choke hold while his friends tear up the courtyard garden. Miyagi appears and orders Chozen to let Daniel go. Miyagi then engages all three boys in a short fight, defeating them all, including Chozen who tries to use the spear. Miyagi wrests it away and stops short of stabbing Chozen with it, eventually breaking it in half. He takes Daniel in the house while the boys leave, telling his student they'll leave tomorrow. The next day Sato has part of the local's gardens bulldozed. Miyagi confronts Sato again, telling him that he'll fight him on one condition: no matter who wins, the deed for the land the village sits on will be turned over to the residents forever. Sato scoffs but agrees when Miyagi tells him that it's a small price to pay. Miyagi later talks to Daniel, telling him he's willed the house in Los Angeles and all it's contents to Daniel should he die in the fight. Miyagi goes off to prepare. Daniel passes by a small chapel where he sees Sato meditating. As he walks past, he sees Kumiko sitting alone in another house. When he joins her, he sees that she's prepared a tea ceremony for them both. When the ritual is complete, the two of them kiss. Suddenly a tropical storm kicks up and they're forced to find shelter in an old concrete bunker left over from World War II. Miyagi is there already and he and Daniel see the chapel that Sato was meditating in suddenly collapse. They both run over to find Sato pinned under a thick beam. While Sato yells about Miyagi taking advantage of his helplessness, Miyagi strikes the beam, breaking it in half. They free Sato, who is thoroughly stunned at his quiet rival's sheer might, and take him to the shelter. Daniel breaks off from them to help the little girl who was on a small tower ringing the town's emergency bell. Daniel brings her down from her perch and struggles to reach the shelter. Sato orders Chozen to help Daniel, but he refuses, ashamed. Disgusted at his nephew's cowardice and impressed with Daniel's heroism, Sato runs out and helps Daniel out. When he makes it back to the shelter, he tells Chozen that he's dead to him. Chozen runs off into the storm. The next day, as the villagers are cleaning up, Sato joins them and hands the deed to the land over to Miyagi. At this, Sato bows and begs for forgiveness, which Miyagi answers that there is nothing to forgive. Daniel approaches him and asks if they can hold an o-bon at the ruins of an old temple near the ocean. Sato agrees. The dance is held that night. One of the events has Kumiko performing a traditional solo dance. Shortly after she begins, Chozen suddenly slides down on a lantern rope and grabs her, holding her hostage and challenging Daniel to fight him. Daniel accepts and crosses the small bridge, throwing it into the moat. The two fight, seemingly to a draw. Suddenly Miyagi and the other spectators begin using their small drums. Chozen is distracted and Daniel begins to hit him repeatedly, having learned the counter punch of the technique. Chozen is beaten and Daniel tweeks his nose in the same manner that Miyagi used on Kreese. The film ends with Miyagi smiling and Daniel holding Kumiko. 
 The Day After Tomorrow (2004)761) Jack Hall, paleoclimatologist, must make a daring trek from Washington, D.C. to New York City to reach his son, trapped in the cross-hairs of a sudden international storm which plunges the planet into a new Ice Age. As Paleoclimatologist Jack Hall is in Antartica, he discovers that a huge ice sheet has sheared off. But what he does not know is that this event will trigger a massive climate shift that will affect the world population. Meanwhile, his son Sam is with friends in New York City to attend an event. There, they discover that it has been raining non-stop for the past three days, and after a series of weather-related disasters begin to occur all over the world, everybody realizes the world is about to enter a new Ice Age and the world population begins trying to evacuate to the warmer climates of the south. Jack makes a daring attempt to rescue his son and his friends who are stuck in New York City and who have managed to survive not only a massive wave but also freezing cold temperatures that could possibly kill them. John Wiggins Jack Hall, a scientist who studies the planet's weather patterns, thinks that because of global warming, a new Ice Age is imminent. He tries to air his suspicions at a conference which the Vice President also attends. Since Hall's rants means that certain industries, who are supporters of the administration, could be in trouble, he shoots Hall down, But another scientist thinks Hall might have something so they talk. The man who works at weather monitoring station sees that the planet's climate is drastically changing and calls Hall who is surprised and tries to inform the government, but the Vice President again doesn't believe him. But when things get worse, Hall advises the President to move everyone from the Southern part of the continent further South till the weather improves. While everyone in the North should do their best to survive the cold. Hall then learns that his son is in New York City so he tells his son to stay inside till Hall can get to him, but the weather gets worse. Can Hall make it? rcs0411@yahoo.com Mocked for his altruistic concerns about global warming before the U.S. Vice President at a U.N. conference in New Delhi, the renowned palaeoclimatologist, Jack Hall, is convinced that a new ice age is closer than everyone thinks. Before long, ferocious tornadoes level Los Angeles; a towering tidal surge floods Manhattan; a massive super-storm batters the northern hemisphere--and in the middle of this endless maelstrom of destruction--Jack's son, Sam, gets trapped in a New York public library with a handful of friends. Now, as Hall sets out on a dangerous trek from Washington D.C. to locate his son, the global temperature plummets, burying everything under an impenetrable blanket of ice. Can the father and son reunite before it's too late? Will the world survive the devastating Ice Armageddon? Nick Riganas A look at what the world could look like if the greenhouse effect and global warming continued. At the center of the story is a paleoclimatologist (a scientist who studies the ways weather patterns changed in the past), Professor Jack Hall, who tries to save the world from the effects of global warming while also trying to get to his son, Sam, who was in New York City as part of a scholastic competition, when the city was overwhelmed by the chilling beginnings of the new Ice Age. In addition to all of the other challenges Dr. Hall faces, he's also going against the flow as humanity races south to warmer climates, and he's nearly the only one going north. austin4577@aol.com In a dangerous part of time, climatologist Jack Hall discovers that due to global warming, the polar ice caps are melting, which is lowering ocean temperatures. This triggers a massive climate shift with tornadoes annihilating Hollywood, a tsunami floods Manhattan, and worst of all, Earth is about to end up in a second ice age. Too late everyone realizes this, and as they try to evacuate to the warmer south, for half of the northern U.S., and Canada, it's already too cold to go outside. Now Jack must make a dangerous trip to rescue his teenage son, Sam, but the cold is a powerful adversary. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jack Hall (Dennis Quaid) is a paleoclimatologist who is on an expedition in Antarctica with two colleagues, Frank (Jay O. Sanders) and Jason (Dash Mihok), drilling for ice core samples on the Larsen Ice Shelf for the NOAA. The ice shelf suddenly breaks off from the rest of the continent, and Jack almost falls to his death. Jack presents his findings on global warming at a United Nations conference in New Delhi. Jack found that 10,000 years ago, a global warming changed the earth's climate into the Ice Age. Jack says that it could happen again in maybe 100 to 1,000 years from now if humans don't stop polluting the atmosphere. Most of the diplomats, including the Vice President of the United States (Kenneth Welsh), are unconvinced by Jack's theory. At the conference, Jack meets Professor Terry Rapson (Ian Holm) of the Hedland Climate Research Centre in Scotland, who is keeping track of the world's ocean currents. Terry tells Jack that the melting of the polar ice caps has poured fresh water into the oceans and diluted the salt level balance, which has caused the temperature of the ocean currents to drop 13 degrees. Two buoys in the North Atlantic simultaneously show a massive drop in the ocean temperature, and Rapson concludes that melting of the polar ice has begun disrupting the North Atlantic current. He calls Jack, whose paleoclimatological weather model holds reconstructional data of the climate change that caused the first Ice Age, to predict what will happen. Jack believed that the events would not happen for a hundred or a thousand years, but he, Frank, Jason, and NASA's meteorologist Janet Tokada (Tamlyn Tomita) build a forecast model with his, Rapson's, and Tokada's data. All over Earth, the climate system changes for the worst. Tokyo is hit by softball size hail; it begins to snow in New Delhi; and Los Angeles is destroyed by a group of huge F5 tornadoes that hit all at the same time. The U.S. President (Perry King), authorizes the FAA to suspend air traffic over the United States due to severe turbulence. As three RAF helicopters fly to evacuate the British Royal Family from Balmoral Castle in Scotland, they enter the eye of a very massive hurricane-like superstorm, that causes a temperature drop of -150 F that freezes their fuel lines and rotors, causing them to crash and quickly freeze to death. Meanwhile, Jack's son, Sam, (Jake Gyllenhaal) is in New York City for an academic competition with his friends Brian and Laura (Arjay Smith and Emmy Rossum), where they also befriend a student named J.D. During the competition, the weather becomes massively violent with intense winds and flooding rains. Sam calls his father, making a promise to be on the next train home. Unfortunately, the storm worsens, forcing subways and Grand Central Station to close when they flood. Jack sees the President and gives him the bad news that his estimate of years is now down to days before the planet enters a new Ice Age. Jack advises the President to evacuate everybody in the southern states to Mexico, because it is too late to evacuate the people in the northern states. The Vice President says he's not amused by Jack's supposed sarcasm and Jack leaves for New York to find his son. As the storm worsens in Manhattan, a storm surge almost 40 feet (about half the height of the Statue of Liberty) impacts the island, causing major flooding. Sam and his friends are able to seek refuge in the New York Public Library. As they make their way to the front doors, Laura cuts her leg on a piece of jagged metal attached to a cab. She ignores the injury and helps a woman and her children get out of a flooding taxi. Survivors in the Northern United States are forced to flee south, with some Americans illegally crossing the border into Mexico. Jack sets off for Manhattan to find his son, accompanied by Frank and Jason. Their truck crashes into a snow-covered tractor-trailer just past Philadelphia, so the group continues on snowshoes. During the journey, Frank falls through the glass roof of a snowbound shopping mall. As Jason and Jack try to pull Frank up, the glass under them continues to crack; Frank sacrifices himself by cutting the rope and he falls to his death. The U.S. President's helicopter is caught in the superstorm, killing everyone on board, leaving the U.S. Vice President in charge. With much of the population of the southern half of the United States at the border with Mexico, the VP agrees to forgive a large amount of debt owed by the Mexican government to allow people to cross the border to safety. Inside the library, Sam advises everyone of his father's instruction to stay indoors. Few listen, and the small group that remains burns books to keep warm and breaks into the library's vending machine for food. Laura is afflicted with blood poisoning when the cut she received turns septic, so Sam, Brian, and J.D. must search for penicillin in a Russian cargo ship that drifted inland, and are attacked by escaped wolves from the New York Zoo. Just then, the eye of the North American superstorm begins to pass over the city with its -150 F instant freeze temperatures, and the entire New York City skyline begins to freeze solid, buildings and air alike. The three return to the library with medicine, food, and supplies, making it to safety. During the deep freeze, Jack and Jason take shelter in an abandoned Wendy's restaurant. Jason had succumbed to the extreme cold and wind and collapsed. In desperation, Jack dropped him into the restaurant's kitchen through a vent and holed up until the storm's eyed passed. They resume their journey, finally arriving in New York City. They find the library buried in snow, but find Sam's group alive and are rescued by U.S. Army soldiers flying UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters. In Mexico, the new President orders search and rescue teams to look for other survivors, having been given hope by the survival of Sam's group. Several more groups are found on top of Manhattan skyscrapers and are also rescued. The movie concludes with two astronauts looking down at Earth from the International Space Station, showing most of the northern hemisphere covered in ice, including all of the United States north of the southern states, and a major reduction in pollution. 
 The Eye (2008)Summaries Violinist Sydney Wells was accidentally blinded by her sister Helen when she was five years old. She submits to a cornea transplantation, and while recovering from the operation, she realizes that she is seeing dead people. The violinist Sydney Wells has been blind since she was five years old due to an accident. She submits to a surgery of cornea transplantation to recover her vision, and while recovering from the operation, she realizes that she's having strange visions. With the support of Dr. Paul Faulkner, Sidney finds who the donor of her eyes and begins a journey to find out the truth behind her visions. Genesis Rojas, Caracas, Venezuela. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tekken (2010)321) Jin Kazama witnesses the death of his mother Jun by Tekken in the slums known as Anvil. After finding a Tekken ID he decides to seek out vengeance for his mother's death. The year is 2039. World wars have destroyed everything and territories are run by corporations, the mightiest -- and cruelest -- of which is Tekken. Jin Kazama (John Foo) witnesses the death of his mother Jun (Tomita) by Tekken in the slums known as Anvil. Vowing vengeance, and armed only with his street smarts and raw fighting skills, he enters a dangerous and potentially deadly combat tournament, where he must defeat the world's most elite fighters to become the "King of the Iron Fist." Official site Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. &#12302;&#37444;&#25331;&#12303; A young man, Jin, seeks revenge for his mothers death after she is killed by a corporation called Tekken. When a "King of Iron Fist" tournament is announced by Tekken's leader Jin vows to win and kill him. He must fight against the worlds top competitors to achieve his goal. 