nm0007115:

 The Client (1994)431) A young boy who witnessed the suicide of a mafia lawyer hires an attorney to protect him when the District Attorney tries to use him to take down a mob family. Mark Sway is an 11-year-old boy who lives with his mother and brother in a trailer. One day, he and his brother are hanging out when a car pulls over beside them. The driver then sticks a hose in his exhaust and puts the other end into the car. Mark pulls it out. But the man sees him and grabs him and takes inside the car. The man talks to Mark then later shoots himself. The shock sends Mark's brother into a catatonic state. .And one of his clients is a member of a mob family who is suspected of killing a Senator who was trying to take down his family. But because the Senator's body is missing, they can't prosecute him. Reggie thinks Foltrigg thinks the lawyer told Mark where the body is which is why he wants to speak to him. Mark goes to meet Roy and when he threatens him, Mark steps out then Reggie comes in with a recording of his conversation with Mark telling him that made several violations. In the meantime, the mobster is told by the head of the family to take care of Mark. So, he threatens Mark. Mark doesn't know what to do and learns that Reggie has some secrets of her own and is uncertain if he can trust her. rcs0411@yahoo.com A street-wise kid, Mark Sway, sees the suicide of Jerome Clifford, a prominent Louisiana lawyer, whose current client is Barry 'The Blade' Muldano, a Mafia hit-man. Before Jerome shoots himself, he tells Mark where the body of Senator Boyd Boyette is buried. Mark escapes, and Clifford shoots himself. Mark is found at the scene, and both the FBI and the Mafia quickly realize that Mark probably knows more than he says. Mark decides he needs a lawyer, and goes looking for one. He finds Reggie Love, who also becomes convinced that Mark knows more than he says, but Mark isn't talking... Liz Jordan <c9310494@alinga.newcastle.edu.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mark Sway (Brad Renfro), his mother (Mary-Louise Parker), and his younger brother (David Speck) live in a small trailer in Memphis, Tennessee. Mark, a young, street-smart kid, distracts his mother and steals two cigarettes from her purse while she rushes to get ready for her blue-collar job. After she leaves, Mark and Ricky play in the woods and Mark teaches Ricky to smoke. When they hear a car coming, they panic. They throw the cigarettes down and hide behind some bushes. A big man gets out of the car, runs a hose from the tailpipe into the window, and gets back in the car. Mark figures out he's trying to kill himself, tells his terrified brother to stay put. Mark pulls the hose from the tailpipe. When the man realizes that something is wrong, he gets out and replaces the hose in the tailpipe. Mark tries to remove it again but the drunk man catches him, hits him and throws him in his car. The man tells Mark that since he's so nosy, they should die together. The man says he is Jerome Clifford, Attorney at Law. But he says that since they're both pretty tight to just call him "Romy." As he's talking, Mark notices a gun lying between them. Mark asks Jerome why hes trying to kill himself. He responds that if he doesn't kill himself, his client Barry 'The Blade' Muldano will because Jerome knows where the body of Boyd Boyett, a man The Blade killed, is buried. He tells Mark where it is, but we can't hear what he says. He says the body is still there and no one will ever find it. Mark suddenly picks up the gun and points it at Jerome. Jerome encourages Mark to pull the trigger, but Jerome can't do it. Jerome takes the gun away and says "let's see if it works." He shoots the gun near Mark's head and Mark escapes from the car. He takes Ricky and runs as Jerome chases after them, yelling, "If The Blade finds out what you know, he's going to kill you anyway." He stops, puts the gun in his mouth, and pulls the trigger. Ricky sees the entire act and is severely traumatized. Mark takes Ricky home and returns to the scene. Mark watches from hiding while the police remove Jerome's body away but they discover him. Sergeant Hardy (Will Patton) brings Mark home where his mother is trying to get Ricky to respond, but Ricky won't talk. She asks Mark what happened. Mark says he and Ricky discovered Jerome dead with the gun in his mouth and that Ricky hasn't talked since. Sergeant Hardy returns and takes Mark to the hospital, asking him questions on the way. He asks Mark if he is telling the truth, and then asks him if the name Jerome Clifford means anything to him. Mark says no. The officer says that he found two cigarettes near the scene, the same brand his mother smokes. Mark tells the officer that he was walking through the woods when he found Romy dead. Hardy asks who Romy is. He says the only name he used was Jerome Clifford. We then see a Reverend Roy Foltrigg (Tommy Lee Jones) watching the story on the news. Roy also happens to be the D.A. in the case for Senator Boyd Boyett's murder and is running for governor. Without Boyd Boyett's body and Jerome dead, Mr. Foltrigg has no case. Back at the hospital, Sergeant Hardy gives Mark a Sprite. He says he thinks Mark is lying and that Mark was in Jerome's car. He even teases him for being so poor and tries to scare him by saying if he doesn't tell the truth, Ricky could end up in a dumpy institution with snakes and bugs. A nurse interrupts and takes Mark to Ricky's room. The doctor says Ricky has post traumatic stress disorder and is in a coma. As he continues to talk, Mark sees Sergeant Hardy putting Mark's Sprite can in a plastic bag. Mark runs after him, but the officer is already in the elevator, smirking. Mark wanders into a waiting room, where he finds a flier for a law firm on the ground. Back with Roy Foltrigg, his people are telling him Mark's story and they don't believe it because they found Mark's fingerprints all over the car. Roy deduces that Jerome must have told Mark where the body is and that's why he's lying. He demands to speak with Mark right away. Mark goes to the law firm in his flier and finds lawyer Regina "Reggie" Love (Susan Sarandon). Hes reluctant to have her represent him before he has to talk with the FBI and Mr. Foltrigg because shes a woman, but shes interested in his case because she has a grudge against Roy. He says he doesn't know why hes being harassed just because he saw some sweaty, fat guy commit suicide. Reggie asks why he lied to the police and told them he just found Jerome. He says he didn't lie and Reggie tells him that dead men don't sweat. He admits that he did see Jerome alive before he killed himself, but doesn't tell her he talked to him. Reggie agrees to take his case and Mark pays her a dollar. Meanwhile in New Orleans, The Blade is getting scolded by his boss, Uncle Johnny for telling Jerome too much and says the kids might know too much now as well. So he tells The Blade to move the body just in case. Not able to trust Barry, Uncle Johnny sends another hit man, Rocky, to "take care of" the kids. Back with Mark, Roy and his people are interrogating Mark. He asks if he needs a lawyer before talking to him and they tell him no. He gives them the run around until Roy flat out asks him about the body, and to that Mark demands to go the bathroom. Eventually, Reggie returns, accusing them of unlawful interrogation, which they deny, but Reggie plays a tape of their conversation, catching them all in a lie. Roy insists that he has proof Mark is lying and was in the car with Jerome, but Reggie accuses him of hypocrisy. When Reggie leaves, she begins speaking with Mark's mother, who begins telling Reggie about her dreams and how all she ever wanted was a white house and walk-in closet. Later, Reggie is trying to get the truth out of Mark. But Mark insists he was not in Jerome's car. Reggie eventually leaves Mark in the waiting room, where a man hired by Rocky to get close to Mark gives him candy and begins to talk with him, prying for information. Mark notices something isn't right and leaves. Late that night, Mark goes to get something to eat, but is held at knife point by Rocky in the elevator. Rocky threatens Mark not to talk to the FBI or he'll be killed. The next day, Mark goes to Reggie and refuses to talk to the FBI. Before Reggie can say much she's notified that Roy and the FBI are on their way. Mark hides while Reggie talks to them. They have proof that Mark's story is not true. This flusters Reggie but she manages to stay calm by pointing out that they illegally obtained evidence and she'll expose Mr. Foltrigg if they go near Mark again. His illegal actions wouldn't look good for a man running for governor of Louisiana. Mr. Foltrigg reveals that Reggie was once in rehab; this shocks Mark. Reggie manages to get rid of them and, infuriated, confronts Mark about his lies. Mark accuses her of being the liar, fires her, and storms out. She follows him and he jumps in her car upon seeing the media circus outside of the hospital. Reggie goes to her house, but Mark demands to be taken back the hospital. Reggie refuses to take him anywhere until he tells her the truth. He declines and tries, in vain, to hitchhike. A car drives up, but Mark sees that it's the man he didn't feel right about in the waiting room. Afraid, he runs to Reggie's house. He's angry at first, but Reggie gets him to talk to her. Mark reveals that his father used to get drunk and beat him and his mother, which is why he was so mad when he found out about Reggie's past. Reggie begins talking about her children and ex-husband until Mark feels comfortable enough to tell her the whole truth, including Rocky's threat. Reggie, alarmed, begins to call to get Mark someplace safe. Outside, Rocky and two other hit men talk about going in, killing Reggie and kidnapping Mark. One of them has an idea and they burn Mark's trailer as a warning instead. Mark's mother hears the news at the hospital and, having lost her job as well, is devastated. She yells at Reggie and tells her Mark already has a mother and kicks her out of the room. After Reggie leaves the police come to take Mark into custody until he talks to the FBI. In custody, Mark asks for a phone to call his mother, and prank orders pizzas to the police department. Meanwhile Reggie is trying to get Mark out. She talks to a friend of hers about getting Mark to talk only if he and his family can get into the Witness Protection Program afterwards. She's frustrated when they cant guarantee it to her, but gets Mark out to talk anyway. Mark says whatever he does he could get killed anyway and she can't let them ask any questions. She cant promise him anything but says he can't lie if they do get him on the stand. In court, Roy and the FBI browbeat Mark to talk but Reggie diverts them any way she can. Eventually they get Mark on the stand and struggle to get information, but he eventually pleads the Fifth and decides he'd rather go back to jail until everything is sorted out than risk his family's life. Meanwhile The Blade is meeting with Uncle Johnny and they decide Mark has gotten too close to talking and he must be killed. Back at the jail, Mark is found on the ground, barely conscious, soaked in sweat, and heart beating extremely rapidly. They rush him to the hospital where he escapes from his gurney, only to find that Rocky has followed him there. A chase between Mark and Rocky ensues, but Mark manages to get away. He calls Reggie's home and tells her he faked a post traumatic stress attack in order to escape from jail. Reggie says she's coming to pick him up. Reggie manages to sneak Mark in her car and Mark says he's thinking about Witness Protection now. But Jerome was drunk so the body may not be where he said. Reggie says they have to know where the body is before Mark gets any protection. Mark convinces Reggie they have to go to New Orleans and make sure the body is where Romy said it was, under Romy's own boat in Romy's boat house. Reggie is very reluctant, but agrees. Meanwhile, The Blade is asking Uncle Johnny once again for permission to move the body now that Mark has escaped. Uncle Johnny agrees but says this is The Blade's last chance. Reggie calls her brother from a hotel in New Orleans to tell him what shes up to, unaware that Mr. Foltrigg is tracking her call. They go after her. Later, Reggie and Mark find Romy's boat house which is located next to some rather paranoid and security-ridden neighbors. Mark manages to crawl through a high window into the boat house, leaving Reggie behind at the bottom. Little do they know that The Blade and Rocky have arrived at the same place. The hit men make their way into the boat house, while Mark hurriedly hides in Romy's covered boat. To get the body, the men raise the boat up. Reggie, scared for Mark climbs quietly to the open window to see if he's okay. Mark looks down from under the cover while the men uncover the body. Reggie gets Mark's attention and begs him to sneak back out through the window. After a while, he sees the body and finally tries to climb up to the window where Reggie pulls him through. They make a noise, which The Blade hears, and when he looks up he sees Reggie and Mark looking trying to escape. They run and The Blade goes after them. He eventually catches Reggie and his gun goes flying in the struggle. Reggie tells Mark to run, but Mark picks up the gun and tells The Blade to let Reggie go. He holds The Blade at gunpoint, seriously considering shooting him, but Reggie convinces Mark to hand the gun over to her. The Blade teases Reggie saying she doesn't have the guts and should have let Mark shoot. Reggie scoffs and instead shoots a security box on the neighbor's house, setting off alarms. The neighbors come out making a fuss, and Mark and Reggie get away while the neighbors shoot at The Blade and the other hit men. The hit men shoot back at the neighbors, who retreat. And the hit men leave before the police can arrive. Mark goes back to the boat house to find the garbage bag that's supposed to contain Boyd Boyett's body. He opens it to see if he's in there, and is assaulted with the sight of maggots, an awful smell, and the body. The next day, Reggie meets with Roy in a New Orleans diner. Roy is anxious to find out the whereabouts of the body, but Reggie will only tell him if he meets the conditions she wants of Mark and his family's Witness Protection Program first. She tells him she wants Mark's mother to have some starting-out money to have a nice little house, white, with a walk-in closet. Back with the hit men, Uncle Johnny makes it clear that the Blade is to be killed for screwing up his last chance so royally. Finally, back with the Sways, Ricky is airlifted to another hospital in a different location while Mark decides he wants them to be relocated to Phoenix. His mother agrees. She signs the papers and they start to get on the plane, until Mark sees Reggie again. He asks if she can come with them, but she says when entering Witness Protection he has to sever all ties with anyone back home. Mark will never see Reggie again. He gives her a hug and tells her he loves her, and she tells him the same. But before Mark gets on the plane, he turns to Reggie, smiles and says, "I'll call you." Reggie can do nothing but laugh. Immediately after the Sways take off, the FBI surround Reggie and she exasperatedly tells them where the body is. Roy, smiling, reminds Reggie that she should have included immunity from her illegal actions, but Reggie produces the tape of HIS illegal actions. They both silently agree to keep quiet. After Roy leaves, Reggie sees Mark's plane disappearing as he and his family leave Louisiana forever, safely. 
 Mr. & Mrs. Smith (2005)761) A bored married couple is surprised to learn that they are both assassins hired by competing agencies to kill each other. John and Jane Smith are a normal married couple, living a normal life in a normal suburb, working normal jobs...well, if you can call secretly being assassins "normal". But neither Jane nor John knows about their spouse's secret, until they are surprised to find each other as targets! But on their quest to kill each other, they learn a lot more about each other than they ever did in five (or six) years of marriage. Anonymous John and Jane Smith are a normal married couple, living a normal life in a normal suburb and working normal jobs, too. However, in reality, John and Jane are both skilled assassins working for different firms, both the best in their field, each concealing their true profession from the other. When both are assigned to kill a man named Benjamin Danz, nicknamed "The Tank", they encounter each other on the job and discover the truth. Both employers task one Smith to eliminate the other, and each must choose between their personal and professional lives. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} A married couple are getting bored with their quiet domestic life. What they don't know, however, is that they're both assassins, secretly hopping the world and killing for hire. But their separate lives are about to collide when they find out their next target is each other. Austin4577@aol.com John and Jane Smith are a married couple, both living unexciting lives and attending marriage therapy, as their passion has cooled since they got married. But what they don't know about each other is that they are both professional assassins working for two rival agencies. John's latest assignment is to eliminate Benjaiman "Tank" Danz, but it all becomes complicated when Jane is also assigned to eliminate the same target. Learning that they are both assassins and failing to eliminate Danz, John and Jane's separate employers decide that they try to take each other out (John kill Jane, Jane kill John). Engaged in a deadly game, John and Jane try to take each other out and learns more about each other as they try to finish the job and eliminate Danz. Daniel Williamson John and Jane Smith are a couple who have been married for 6 years and things appear to be normal. But it also appears that things are changing -- they are seeing a marriage counselor. And what neither of them know is that they are professional assassins. However, they are both assigned by their employers to kill the same person. When they each try to take out the target, they get in each other's way and blow the job. Now they are told to go after the person who made them miss the target. And when they learn about each other, they try to take each other out. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with John (Brad Pitt) and Jane Smith (Angelina Jolie) answering questions during marriage counseling. The couple has been married for "five or six" years, but their marriage is suffering to the point that they cannot remember the last time they had sex. They tell the story of their first meeting in Bogot, Colombia, where they met while both were secretly on the run from Colombian authorities. They quickly fell in love and were married. John later states that Jane "looked like Christmas morning" to him on the day they met. In reality, John and Jane are both skilled assassins working for different firms, both among the best in their field, but both with very different methods of assassination, with Jane working out thorough plans and John taking a less analytical approach. Each is concealing their true profession from their spouse. Under these cover stories, John and Jane balance their apparently mundane marriage which both of them find after a few years to be growing dull and suffocating with their secretive work. When both are assigned to kill Benjamin "The Tank" Danz (Adam Brody), they encounter each other on the job and botch the hit. Believing each had been sent to stop the other from completing their mission, they seek to discover and eliminate the other. After a few "mild" attempts on each other's lives, fueled by a mutual sense of betrayal, the marital spat culminates in a high-octane fight in the Smith house. After a long, evenly-matched fight, with their house shot to shambles, they wind up with guns in each other's faces. John balks, and lays his gun down; Jane finds she cannot shoot her spouse either, and both succumb to their love instead. Mr. and Mrs. Smith reunite and rediscover each other. The newly-rekindled Smith partnership is quickly threatened by their employers, who have now decided to eliminate the couple. John's best friend and coworker, Eddie (Vince Vaughn), turns down a bounty of $400,000 for each Smith, but John and Jane find themselves under fire from an army of assassins. Fending off an attack which blows up their house, the Smiths steal their neighbor's minivan and successfully destroy three pursuing armored cars of attackers, all while bickering over their fighting styles and newly-discovered personal secrets. After meeting with Eddie, the Smiths decide to fight together to preserve their marriage. They kidnap Danz from his high-security prison in order to give their employers something they want more than the Smiths. Danz reveals that he was merely bait, hired jointly by their employers after it was discovered that the Smiths were married, in the hopes of having one Smith kill the other. Danz also wears a cameo Fight Club t-shirt, referencing to Brad Pitt's previous movie of the same name. John and Jane forgo their separate contingency plans and make their stand together. In the final fight scene of the film, the Smiths now working smoothly together as a team defeat an extended attack by a large number of armed forces during a long shoot-out inside a department store. The film ends with the couple meeting the marriage counselor again, where the Smiths state how much their marriage has thrived and how happy they really are. 
 Courage Under Fire (1996)541) A U.S. Army officer, despondent about a deadly mistake he made, investigates a female chopper commander's worthiness for the Medal of Honor. The pilot of a rescue copter, Captain Karen Walden, died shortly before her helicopter crew was rescued after it crashed in Desert Storm. It first appears that she made a spectacular rescue of a downed helicopter crew, then held her own crew together to fight off the Iraqis after her copter crashed. Lt. Colonel Serling, who is struggling with his own demons from Desert Storm, is assigned to investigate her worthiness for the Medal of Honor. But some conflicting accounts, from her crew and soldiers in the area, cause him to question whether she deserves it. Brian W Martz <B.Martz@Genie.com> Two fictional combat stories come together in this film set during the Gulf War (Aug. 1990-Feb. 1991) and afterwards. LCol Nat Serling is haunted by a mistake he made that cost the lives of a friend and his tank crew. He investigates the recommended Medal of Honor for Capt. Karen Walden, who was killed after her rescue helicopter was shot down. Conflicting reports lead him to probe deeper to uncover the truth about Walden and all of her crew, who survived. In the process, he comes to grips with his own demons. SimonJack This film is a series of flashbacks in which Lieutenant Colonel Nathan Serling attempts to determine whether Captain Karen Walden deserves to be the first woman ever to win the Medal of Honor for combat. Lisa Buckley <buckley@idirect.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Serling (Denzel Washington) was involved in a friendly fire incident in Al Bathra during the Gulf War. He was an M1 Abrams tank battalion commander who, during the nighttime confusion of Iraqi tanks infiltrating his unit's lines, gave the order to fire, destroying one of his own tanks and killing his friend Lieutenant Boylar. The details were covered up (Boylar's parents were told that their son was killed by enemy fire), and Serling was shuffled off to a desk job. Later, he is assigned to determine if Army Captain Karen Emma Walden (Meg Ryan) should be the first woman to receive (posthumously) the Medal of Honor for valor in combat. A Medevac Huey commander, she was sent to rescue the crew of a helicopter that had been shot down. Finding them under heavy fire from an Iraqi tank and infantry, her men dropped an auxiliary fuel bladder on the tank and ignited it with a flare gun. Shortly after, her helicopter was also hit and downed. The two crews were unable to join forces. The survivors were rescued the next day, but Walden had been killed. At first, everything seems to be straightforward, but Serling begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses. Walden's co-pilot, Warrant Officer One Rady (Tim Guinee), praises Walden's character and performance, but was hit and rendered unconscious early on. Serling then sees Walden's medic, Specialist Ilario (Matt Damon), who also praises Walden; by his account, Walden was the one who came up with the idea of the improvised incendiary. Staff Sergeant Monfriez (Lou Diamond Phillips), however, tells Serling that Walden was a coward and that he was responsible for destroying the tank. The members of the other downed crew mention that they heard the distinctive sound of an M16 being used in the firefight during the rescue around the other helicopter, but Walden's crew denies firing one during the rescue, as theirs was out of ammunition. When Serling visits Walden's crew chief, Sergeant Altameyer (Seth Gilliam), who is dying of cancer in a hospital. Altameyer manages to get some words out, further confusing Serling, before self-medicating himself into unconsciousness. Under pressure from the White House and his commander, Brigadier General Hershberg (Michael Moriarty), to wrap things up quickly, Serling leaks the story to newspaper reporter Tony Gartner (Scott Glenn) to prevent another cover up. When Serling puts pressure on Monfriez during a car ride, Monfriez forces him to get out of the vehicle at gunpoint, then commits suicide by driving into an oncoming train. After finding an AWOL Ilario, Serling discovers that Monfriez wanted to escape under cover of darkness, which would have meant leaving Rady behind. Altameyer was ready to follow his lead and Ilario was wavering, but Walden refused to go along, resulting in an armed standoff with Monfriez. When an Iraqi infantryman appeared suddenly behind Monfriez, Walden fired at him. Mistakenly believing he was the target, Monfriez shot back and seriously wounded her. Walden, however, regained control of her men. The next morning, Walden stayed behind to cover their evacuation, firing the M16. Monfriez deliberately lied to the rescuers, telling them that she was dead so she would be left behind. Altameyer, injured and unable to say anything but "no!", was ignored. Ilario remained silent, fearing a court-martial. A-10 airplanes then napalmed the wreckage. Serling presents his final report to Hershberg. Walden's young daughter receives the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony. Later, Serling tearfully tells the Boylars the truth about the manner of their son's death. In the last moments of the film, it is shown that Walden had transported Boylar's body away from the battlefield. 
 Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects (1989)Summaries A brutal Los Angeles police Lt. is determined to bust up an organization that forces underage girls into prostitution. A Tokyo businessman (Hiroshi Hada), transferred to L.A, molests a teenage girl on a train. It turns out that the girl is the daughter of a vice cop. But in one of those plot twists that can only occur in the movies, the cop is assigned to find the businessman's own daughter who has been kidnapped and forced into a teen prostitution ring. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 