nm0006479:

 Timeline (2003)651) A group of archaeologists become trapped in the past when they go there to retrieve a friend. The group must survive in 14th-century France before they can escape back to the twenty-first century. A group of archaeologists and combat experts led by Chris Johnston (Paul Walker) and Kate Ericson (Frances O'Connor) use a "3-D fax machine" to time-travel back to France in 1357, in hopes of retrieving Chris' father, Professor Edward Johnston (Sir Billy Connolly), and returning safely to the present. No such luck. Fending for themselves against marauding hordes of medieval French warriors at war with the invading British, these semi-intrepid travellers find their body count rising, and the deadline for their return home is rapidly approaching. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Time travel always changes the present. When a group of archeologists go back to 1357 on a rescue mission, they find themselves in the middle of a war between the English and the French troops. They try to return to the present safely altogether. Directing his first movie since Lethal Weapon 4 (1998), Richard Donner directed this big-budget adaptation of Michael Crichton's novel of the same name. Featuring a script by first-time Screenwriter George Nolfi, this movie begins in France in the near future. A group of students from Yale are there studying a medieval site, when Professor Edward Johnston (Sir Billy Connolly) mysteriously goes missing. To make matters more enigmatic, the students are then taken back to the United States by a shadowy technology company called ITC, led by Robert Doniger (David Thewlis). The eccentric Doniger explains that because of a machine that his company built, their professor is trapped in fourteenth century France. In order to rescue him, two of the students, Chris Johnston (Paul Walker) and Kate Ericson (Frances O'Connor), along with Andre Marek (Gerard Butler), an archaeological site manager, must travel to France, circa 1357, amidst archaic war, deadly diseases, and other unexpected pitfalls. Meanwhile, David Stern (Ethan Embry), a third student, stays behind to keep an eye on the shady Doniger. In the heart of the beautiful and historically rich Dordogne Valley of France, a team of archeology students and their professor diligently work to uncover the ruins of a fourteenth century castle. For Professor Edward Johnston (Sir Billy Connolly), the project is the culmination of a life-long dream. Aided by Assistant Professor Andre Marek (Gerard Butler), his son Chris (Paul Walker), and students Kate Ericson (Frances O'Connor), David Stern (Ethan Embry), and Franois Dontelle (Rossif Sutherland), Johnston has made major strides in unearthing not only La Roque Castle, but also a monastery and structures from the surrounding village of Castlegard. But things are about to go haywire. Suspicious of the dig's benefactor, International Technology Corporation (ITC) and the man who runs it, Robert Doniger (David Thewlis), Professor Johnston heads to ITC headquarters in New Mexico to get some answers, and while he's away, his students discover a chamber that has been sealed for more than six hundred years. Marek and Kate descend into the unstable room, and just before a nearly disastrous cave-in, they make two startling discoveries - a bifocal lens, which couldn't have been invented before the chamber was sealed, and even more intriguing, a handwritten plea for help dated April 2, 1357... from Professor Johnston. Determined to solve the mystery, the students head for ITC headquarters, where they are stunned to learn of Doniger's new invention - a machine that can actually transmit three-dimensional objects through space. Although he meant for the device to revolutionize shipping, Doniger inadvertently opened a wormhole that lead directly to the fourteenth century, and Professor Johnston, who had insisted on experiencing the discovery himself, is now trapped in a vicious French vs. English feudal war. Can Johnston's loyal students survive one of the most violent battles in world history, and make it back to the twenty-first century alive? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A man is trying to escape through the forest from a pursuing knight. Just as the knight catches him and hits him with the sword the man disappears. Soon after that the man is discovered barely alive in the middle of the desert, only able to tell a single word - Castlegard. He dies shortly after being transferred to the hospital. One of the physicians discovers a pendant around his neck with the ITC Corp. label. The X-ray photos show many internal organs, veins and bones are out of alignment for an unknown reason. Soon after that an ITC Corp. employee shows up and identifies the dead man as Vincent Taub. He picks up his body and the company decides to cover up the incident. Archaeologist Prof. Edward Johnston (Billy Connolly) and his students Kate Erickson (Frances O'Connor), Josh Stern (Ethan Embry), Franois Dontelle (Rossif Sutherland), and Andr Marek (Gerard Butler) have been sponsored by the ITC Corp. to excavate the ruins of the village of Castlegard in France near La Roque Castle; the village was burned in 1357 during the Hundred Years War as part of a massive battle. The hanging of Lady Claire (Anna Friel), the sister of Arnaud de Cervole, inspired the French to victory. Prof. Johnston's son, Chris (Paul Walker) is more infatuated with Kate than digging, until Marek shows him a sarcophagus of a French knight with a lopped ear, in an unusual position, holding hands with his lady beside for eternity. Prof. Johnston suspects ITC confabulation, and flies to their headquarters in New Mexico. But a few days later without word, the team finds a 600-year-old parchment plea for help, and one dropped bifocal lens from the professor. Chris calls ITC for his father; they promise to explain all in New Mexico. ITC president Robert Doniger (David Thewlis) and vice-president Steven Kramer (Matt Craven) explain a teleportation device transports via wormhole to Castlegard in 1357 - time travel. Prof. Johnston needs rescuing from the past. Chris, Kate, and Andr talk Franois into going as their only competent French speaker. Three marines provide security, but the chief has a secret mission to kill someone. They don appropriate clothing and special markers that will return them to the present when pressed, but only last six hours. When a marker lights with time remaining, a small energy pulse shows on present-day display. The group land smack into danger, first a rushing river, then pursuing English riders, warned by French fugitive, Lady Claire (Anna Friel). The two marines are killed. One, dying, presses his marker home, but the forbidden grenade he carried damages the time machine. Claire reunites with her brother Arnaud (Lambert Wilson) temporarily, but English forces take the others to Lord Oliver de Vannes (Michael Sheen). He insists their interpreter translate "I am a spy" from French, kills Franois, and throws them in an attic where the professor is already held. Kate, the lightest weight and best climber, sneaks out the roof, and frees the others to fight their way free, so all regret the necessity to kill. Sir William DeKere (Marton Csokas) reveals his identity as former ITC employee William Decker, body ravaged by repeated time travel. Doniger hid the fact that the machine damaged DNA and internal organs. Decker takes their markers and kills the last chief marine Frank Gordon. One marker is enough to take them all back, but they have to stay alive, and gather in an area with thirty square feet around free of obstacles. Andr again rescues Claire, foiling history, they fall in love, as do Chris and Kate. Kate leads Chris, then Arnaud's troops to the monastery secret underground tunnel at La Roque Castle, allowing the battle to turn in favor of the French as in the original history. Lord Oliver captures Claire but is killed by Arnaut, and Andr is attacked by DeKere who cuts his ear off. Realizing he is the knight buried in the sarcophagus empowers him to kill deKere and send the others off to a clear field for travel home. In the present, Josh and Kramer repair the machine despite Doniger's eagerness to write off the loss of lives for greater scientific good. Doniger runs into the transmit area while the others return, but in France without a marker, is cut down by a charging knight. Later, back at Castlegard, the three archaeologists read the sarcophagus inscription from Andr and Claire, detailing three children, Christophe, Katherine, Franois, and a full joyous life together. 
 Life of Pi (2012)651) A young man who survives a disaster at sea is hurtled into an epic journey of adventure and discovery. While cast away, he forms an unexpected connection with another survivor: a fearsome Bengal tiger. In Canada, a writer visits the Indian storyteller Pi Patel and asks him to tell his life story. Pi tells the story of his childhood in Pondicherry, India, and the origin of his nickname. One day, his father, a zoo owner, explains that the municipality is no longer supporting the zoo and he has hence decided to move to Canada, where the animals the family owns would also be sold. They board on a Japanese cargo ship with the animals and out of the blue, there is a storm, followed by a shipwrecking. Pi survives in a lifeboat with a zebra, an orangutan, a hyena and a male Bengal tiger nicknamed Richard Parker. They are adrift in the Pacific Ocean, with aggressive hyena and Richard Parker getting hungry. Pi needs to find a way to survive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An aspiring Canadian author interviews the Indian storyteller Pi Patel to hear the firsthand account of his adventures. Pi recounts his upbringing in French-occupied India, where his father owned a zoo. When Pi's family business fails, they embark on a sea voyage to Canada to begin a new life. One night aboard their Japanese cargo ship in the middle of the ocean, a violent and deadly storm hits and sinks nearly all that Pi holds dear. He survives in a lifeboat with several of their zoo animals, including a fearsome Bengal tiger. In a struggle to survive, Pi and the tiger forge an unexpected connection that gives him daily motivation to live. Life of Pi is a tale of faith, hope, and the fight to survive. ahmetkozan A writer, looking for a story idea, is visiting with South Asian-Canadian Pi Patel. They were brought together by Pi's deceased father's longtime friend Francis, who Pi calls Mamaji, who knew Pi's family when they lived in Pondicherry, India, where the writer met Mamaji. Mamaji felt Pi telling the writer his story would be karmic as the writer was a Canadian in French India, and Pi an Indian man in French Canada. Pi proceeds to tell him his life story, which starts in Pondicherry as the son of zookeepers, the zoo property where he grew up: how he was given his full name of Piscine Molitor Patel largely on Mamaji's suggestion which included Mamaji teaching him how to swim, why at age eleven he made a concerted and extraordinary effort to shorten his name to Pi, his concurrent belief in several religions as he was growing up which affected his relationships not only with humans but what he wanted it to be with the animals at the zoo, and his mid-teen burgeoning relationship with a dancer named Anandi just before his family decided to make the move to Canada. But the largest and most fascinating part of his story concerns how he ended up on a lifeboat in the middle of the Pacific with the zoo's Bengal tiger named Richard Parker, and the progression of their time and understanding of each other during that close connection, Richard Parker to who he attributes his survival despite they being initial adversaries as a human and a wild carnivorous beast. Huggo In search of a better future in a new country, after deciding to give up the family zoo in India, Santosh and Gita Patel board a Japanese freighter bound for Canada with their sixteen-year-old son, Pi, his older brother, Ravi, and a few valuable animals. Then, as a violent tempest hammers the vessel, tragedy strikes, and suddenly, Pi finds himself swept away by the furious ocean, aboard an open lifeboat. However, Pi is not alone. With his life hanging by a thread, the young survivor has to share the boat with a spotted hyena, an injured zebra, a female orangutan, and a ferocious Bengal tiger. As the days turn into weeks and the weeks drag into months, Pi must try every trick in the book to keep his justified fears at bay and learn how to coexist with the majestic but menacing animal. Do man and beast stand a chance at survival? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Pi Patel (Irrfan Khan), an immigrant from Pondicherry in India living in Montreal, Canada, is approached by a local novelist (Rafe Spall) who has been referred to him by his "uncle" (a family friend), believing that Pi's life story would make a great book. Pi relates an extended tale: His parents had named him Piscine Molitor after a swimming pool in France. He changes his name to "Pi" (the mathematical symbol,) when he begins secondary school (Gautam Belur), even repeating numerous digits of pi, because he is tired of being taunted with the nickname "Pissing Patel". His family owns a local zoo, and Pi takes an interest in the animals, especially a Bengal tiger named Richard Parker because of a clerical error. Pi tries to feed the tiger, endangering himself to being attacked, and to teach him the reality of the tiger's nature as a carnivore, Pi's father, Santosh Patel (Adil Hussain) forces him to witness it killing a goat. He is raised Hindu and vegetarian, but at 12 years old, he is introduced to Christianity and then Islam, and starts to follow all three religions as he "just wants to love God." When asked if he is also Jewish, he replies that he lectures in Kabbalah at the university. When Pi is 16 (Ayush Tandon), his father decides to close the zoo and move his family to Canada, and sell the zoo animals, to ensure a good future for his children. They book passage with their animals (to be sold in North America) on a Japanese freighter named the Tsimtsum. On board the ship, Pi's father gets into an argument with the ship's cook (Gerard Depardieu) when he speaks to Pi's mother, Gita Patel (Tabu) rudely. One night, the ship encounters a heavy storm and begins to sink while Pi is on deck marveling at the storm. He tries to find his family, but a crew member throws him into a lifeboat; from the rough sea, he watches helplessly as the ship sinks, killing his family and its crew. After the storm, Pi finds himself in the lifeboat with an injured zebra, and is joined by an orangutan, named Orange Juice, who lost her offspring in the shipwreck. A spotted hyena emerges from the tarp covering half of the boat, and kills the zebra. To Pi's distress, the hyena also mortally wounds the orangutan in a fight. Suddenly Richard Parker emerges from under the tarp, and kills and eats the hyena. Pi finds emergency food and water rations on the boat. He builds a small raft of flotation devices so that he can stay at a safe distance from the tiger. Realizing that he must feed the tiger to protect himself, Pi begins fishing, with some success. He also collects rain water for both to drink. At one point, he makes a board ladder for the tiger to climb back into the boat after it had jumped off to hunt fish. In a nighttime encounter with a breaching whale, Pi loses much of his supplies. Faced with starvation, he eats raw fish. After many days at sea, Pi realizes that he can no longer live on the tiny raft and trains the tiger Richard Parker to accept him in the boat. He also realizes that caring for the tiger is keeping him alive. After weeks longer at sea, near the end of their strength, they reach a floating island of edible plants, supporting a forest, fresh water pools, and a large population of meerkats. Both Pi and Richard Parker eat and drink freely and regain strength. But at night the island transforms into a hostile environment, with the fresh water turning acidic, digesting all the dead fish that died in the pools. The tiger returns to the lifeboat at night. Pi finds a human tooth inside a plant flower and concludes that the plants are carnivorous, requiring them to leave the island. The lifeboat eventually reaches the coast of Mexico. Finally back on land, Richard Parker stumbles away from Pi and stops at the edge of the jungle. Pi expects that the tiger will turn toward him and acknowledge him, but instead he looks into the jungle for a while and goes in. Pi, too weak to follow, lies in the sand. He is rescued by a group who carry him to hospital, but he weeps that the tiger had walked away without him. In hospital, insurance agents for the Japanese freighter come to hear his account of the incident. They find his story unbelievable, and ask him to tell them what "really" happened, if only for the credibility of their report. He answers with a less fantastic but detailed account of sharing the lifeboat with his mother, a sailor with a broken leg, and the cook. In this story, the cook kills the sailor to use him as bait and food. In a later struggle, Pi's mother pushes him to safety on a smaller raft, and the cook stabs her as she falls overboard to the sharks. Later, Pi returns to grab the knife and kills the cook. In the present, the writer notes parallels between the two stories: the orangutan was Pi's mother, the zebra was the sailor, the hyena was the cook, and Richard Parker, the tiger, was Pi himself. Pi asks him which story the writer prefers; he chooses the one with the tiger because it "is the better story", to which Pi responds, "And so it is with God". Glancing at a copy of the insurance report, the writer notices a closing comment about the remarkable feat of surviving 227 days at sea, especially with a tiger - meaning that the agents chose that story as well. 
 Journey to the Center of the Earth (2008)321) On a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother, a scientist, his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth. Professor Trevor Anderson receives his teenager nephew Sean Anderson. He will spend ten days with his uncle while his mother, Elizabeth, prepares to move to Canada. She gives a box to Trevor that belonged to his missing brother, Max, and Trevor find a book with references to the last journey of his brother. He decides to follow the steps of Max with Sean and they travel to Iceland, where they meet the guide Hannah sgeirsson. While climbing a mountain, there is a thunderstorm and they protect themselves in a cave. However, lightening collapses the entrance and the trio is trapped in the cave. They seek an exit and fall in a hole, discovering a lost world in the center of the Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Journey to the Centre of the Earth is a science fantasy action-adventure movie. In this movie, the main characters are Trevor Anderson, Sean Anderson, Max Anderson, Hannah, Elizabeth. So, the synopsis of this movie is as follows. Trevor Anderson is a volcanologist and teaches the student in the university also. At the work, Trevor found that his brother's lab is being shut down because of a lack of funding. So, he comes home and sits in a chair to relax and found some messages on the answering machine. When he plays that recording, he found that the messages are from Liz (Max's wife and Sean's mother). He is forgotten that his nephew Sean is coming to spend some days with him. When Liz drops Sean, she leaves Trevor with a box of items that belonged to Max (Trevor's brother and Sean's father) who disappeared years before. Sean takes interest when Trevor says about his father, whom he never really had a chance to meet. Inside the box, Trevor discovers a couple of things. In that, he found the novel Journey to the Centre of the Earth by Jules Verne. Inside the book, he finds notes written by his brother. So, he goes to his laboratory to find out more information on the notes. There he decides that he must go to Iceland to investigate further. He decides to send Sean back to his mother, but Sean protest it, so he decides to bring Sean with him. They started looking for another volcanologist. When they get to that scientist, they meet his daughter Hannah, who informs them he is dead. She tells them that both her father and Max believed in that book. After some discussion, she offers to help them climb up to the instrument which suddenly started sending data. While hiking the mountain a lightning storm arrives and forces three of them into a cave. Because the lightning storm hit the cave, its entrance got collapses and trapping them inside the cave. So, they do not have any alternative way except to go deeper into the cave, which turns out in an abandoned mine. So, the three of them decide to go deeper into the cave to investigate for Hannah farther and Max into the mine. Suddenly they found a hole in a wall after hitting a trolly on the dead-end of the mine. While investigating the fall into a deep pit, taking them to the "Centre of the Earth". They all continue the travel until they discover a cave that Max lived in. They found some old journal of Max, meanwhile, Hannah discovers Max's dead body. So, they all bury him. At that point, Trevor reads a message from the journal that was written by Max on Sean's 3rd birthday. While reading Max's journal they realize that they must quickly leave, as the temperature is continuously increasing. Trevor figures out that they must find a steam power that can send them to the surface, and it must be done in 48 hours, or all of the water which creates the steam will be gone. Also, must do this before the temperature rises past 135 degrees. They begin by crossing the underground ocean, and suddenly the Trevor and Hannah got separated from Sean. So now Sean's guide is a little bird who has been present since the three of them entered the Centre. After Sean comes closer to the river, he encounters a Tyrannosaurus. Trevor who is searching for him saves by digging a hole in the wall and putting the Tyrannosaurus in a big hole. When they arrive at the river, they found it is dried up and all the water is on the other side of a wall. Trevor uses a flare to fire the magnesium in the wall and take out the water to create a powerful steam pressure to shoot them outside that place. When they throw out from that pit and destroy the home of an Italian man, they found that it was Italy where they have landed. Sean gives him a diamond (which he had found earlier in the caves) for the penalty of the destroyed house. Trevor founds that Sean has many more in his backpack, and they can be used for funding his brother's laboratory. At the end of this movie, Trevor hand over a book titled "Atlantis" on the final day of Sean's visit with him (and Hannah), suggesting they could hang out during Christmas break. 
 Battlefield Earth (2000)431) It's the year 3000 A.D., and the Earth is lost to the alien race of Psychlos. Humanity is enslaved by these gold-thirsty tyrants, who are unaware that their 'man-animals' are about to ignite the rebellion of a lifetime. In the year 3000, humanity is no match for the Psychlos, a greedy, manipulative race on a quest for ultimate profit. Led by the seductive and powerful Terl, the Psychlos are stripping Earth of its resources, using the broken remnants of humanity as slaves. What is left of the human race has reverted to a primitive state, believing the invaders to be demons and technology to be evil. After humanity has all but given up any hope of freeing themselves from alien oppression, a young man named Tyler decides to leave his desolate home high in the Rocky Mountains to discover the truth, whereupon he is captured and enslaved. It is then that he decides to fight back, leading his fellow man in one final struggle for freedom. Cheeseycom The year is 3000; Earth has lost to the brutal aliens known only as the 'Psychlos'. It's been a lifetime of hardship and enslavement for the humans, but now a resistance is brewing: and the aliens are about to face the reckoning of a lifetime. The ultimate fight for survival is about to begin. Johnny Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 3000, Earth has been ruled for 1,000 years by the Psychlos, a brutal race of giant humanoid aliens. The remnants of humanity are either enslaved by the Psychlos and used for manual labor or survive in primitive tribes living in remote areas outside Psychlo control. Jonnie Goodboy Tyler (Barry Pepper), a member of one such tribe, leaves his home in the Rocky Mountains on a journey of exploration. He joins forces with Carlo (Kim Coates), a hunter, but both men are captured by a Psychlo raiding party and transported to a slave camp at the Psychlos' main base on Earth, a giant dome built over the ruins of Denver, Colorado. Terl (John Travolta), the Psychlo security chief on Earth, has been condemned by his superiors to remain indefinitely at his post on Earth as punishment for an unclear incident involving "the Senator's daughter." Aided by his deputy, Ker (Forest Whitaker), Terl devises a plan to buy his way off the planet by making a fortune using human slaves to mine gold in radioactive areas. Psychlos are unable to visit such areas due to the explosive interaction of the gas that they breathe with radionuclide particles. Terl selects Jonnie as his "foreman" for the project and gives him a Psychlo education using a rapid-learning machine. Terl gives Jonnie a party of slaves and a Psychlo flying shuttle and orders him to go out and find gold. After learning the Psychlos' language, history, and myriad other educational forms from the rapid learning machine, Jonnie plots a human uprising against the Psychlos. He obtains gold from Fort Knox to satisfy Terl's demands, instead of mining gold as ordered. Jonnie and his followers find an abandoned underground US military base with working aircraft, weapons, fuel, and nuclear weapons. They use the base's flight simulators to train themselves in aerial combat. After a week of training, the rebels launch a mass uprising against the Psychlos using Harrier jump-jets and other weapons. Carlo sacrifices himself to destroy the dome over Denver, and the Psychlos inside suffocate in Earth's atmosphere, which they are unable to breathe. Jonnie captures a Psychlo teleportation device and uses it to teleport an atomic bomb to the Psychlo home world. The ensuing detonation causes the entire Psychlo atmosphere to explode, wiping out the planet. Ker and Terl survive on Earth but face different fates: Ker sides with the victorious humans, while Terl is imprisoned as a hostage within a vault in Fort Knox. The film ends with the humans in control of Earth but facing an uncertain future. 