nm0005079:

 Voltron: Legendary Defender (20162018)Summaries Five teenagers become the last line of defense for the galaxy in an intergalactic battle against the evil alien force led by King Zarkon. After Keith, Lance, Pidge, Hunk, and Shiro are sent into space in a blue lion, they find two "alteans" by the names of Allura and Coran who have been frozen in crypto-pods for ten thousand years. They then discover that they must each pilot one of the robotic lions of Voltron, and defend the universe from an alien species called the "galra", and there evil emperor "Zarkon." It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Spider-Man (2002 Video Game)321) In this game loosely based on the film, Spider-Man is on a mission to fight evil in the forms of the villains Shocker, Vulture, Scorpion, and the Green Goblin. With Great Power Comes Great Responsibility, those are the words Peter Parker aka Spider-Man will never forget as he battles crime. Based off the movie, Spider-Man does his usual hero work fighting super-villains like Scorpion, the Vulture and the nutty and powerful Scorpion. His biggest challenge is the Green Goblin aka the insane Norman Osborn; who threatens to destroy everything good in Spider-Man's life....or join him. commanderblue Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nerdy high school student Peter Parker ( Tobey Maguire ) becomes the amazing superhero Spider-Man after being bitten by a radioactive spider during a class field trip. His life instantly becomes different. In order to impress his redhead crush Mary Jane Watson ( Catherine O'Connor ), Peter enters a wrestling match competition with Bone Saw McGraw ( Jay Gordon ) to win $3000 dollars. However, when the fight promoter cheats Peter, he allows a robber to escape with the money. But when Peter's uncle, Uncle Ben Parker, is murdered by the robber, he seeks vengeance with his spider powers to hunt the criminal down. Once Peter locates the murdrerer's hideout, he invades the lair and eventually duels him in a storage room at the top floor of the warehouse. Upon the shocking realization that the murderer is the same man who robbed the promoter, Peter feels ashamed of himself. After the murderer accidentally slips out the window and plummets to his death, Peter goes by his Uncle Ben's words, "With great power comes great responsibility" and becomes the masked superhero Spider-Man. Now Peter lives in Manhattan and works at the Daily Bugle taking pictures of his alternative persona. During a picture roundup, Spider-Man is suddenly attacked by flying Hunter Killer Robots. The robots were secretly sent by workers at Oscorp Industries, Norman Osborn ( Willem Dafoe ) and Dr. Stromm ( Peter Lurie ), who needed a sample of Spider-Man's DNA. While Spider-Man easily defeats the Killer Robots, the mystery remains unsolved for now as a jewelry store alarm goes off. As he swings down to the scene of the crime, a green flying figure bursts through the windows and out into the New York Sky with precious gems. This is followed by the appearance of another criminal, The Shocker ( Michael Beattie ) who has a posse of henchmen with him. The supervillain flees in a getaway van, but after Spider-Man stops the vehicle, the Shocker blasts a hole into the Grand Central Terminal and along with his men, round up hostages. Following the villains, Spider-Man arrives at the scene and aids to a security guard in defeating the henchmen. After helping defeat the thugs, the Shocker and Spider-Man have a brief confrontation which leads further beneath Manhattan and into the sewers. Declaring to his thugs that Spider-Man must be stopped, the Shocker delves deep beneath the tunnels in the sewage labyrinth. This is nothing Spider-Man can't handle as he makes his way through the sewers and finally into the subway tunnels where he faces and defeats The Shocker. Before taking Shocker to the authorities, Spider-Man interrogates him to learn that his flying accomplice who made off with the jewels is known as The Vulture ( Dwight Schultz ) and he resides at an old clocktower. Swinging over to the clocktower, Spider-Man cautiously ascends up the staircase. Halfway through, the Vulture becomes aware of his intrusion and sends an array of firearms and bombs down upon Spidey. Luckily, Spider-Man reaches the top in time and the Vulture is forced to flee and fly across Manhattan while Spider-Man chases him. Their dangerous chase during a brewing thunderstorm ends at the Chrysler Building where Vulture finally decides to stop fleeing and duel Spider-Man. Victory goes to Spider-Man who sends a tied up Vulture to a nearby cop along with the missing jewels. Meanwhile at Oscorp, Dr. Stromm detects movements of a similar being of greater strength than Spider-Man's. The being is identified as Scorpion ( Mike McColl ), who is looked upon as a mere experimental test gone deranged from the numerous trials. Deeming Scorpion as a suitable replacement for the similar type of DNA that was not retrieved from Spider-Man, Dr. Stromm sends out the mechanical spider slayers to capture Scorpion. Scorpion flees through the sewers and eventually winds up at the abandoned Grand Central Terminal which had been partially destroyed from the Shocker massacre. Peter Parker, who happens to be at the terminal for pictures, runs into Scorpion and instantly changes into his spider suit to aid the arthropod-like foe from the spider slayers. After a raging melee, Spider-Man believes Scorpion is an alley until he ultimately instigates a fight. The two battle and Spider-Man ends up knocking Scorpion out. However, while examining one of the broken spider slayers, Scorpion gets up undetected to Spider-Man and escapes. Meanwhile, Norman Osborn is on the verge of losing his company's name when the board members declare to fire him. In a last ditch effort, he tests his own strength enhancers on himself. Dr. Stromm watches in terror as Norman blacks out and while reviving him, Osborn awakes and kills Dr. Stromm. He then dons the suit and becomes the Green Goblin. Later that day at an Oscorp Unity Day Festival, Peter takes pictures while his friend Harry Osborn ( Josh Keaton ) dates Mary Jane. Snapping a pick of Osborn flirting with Mary Jane, Peter shakes his head in dismay. His thoughts are interrupted by explosions from above and the Green Goblin appears on his glider disrupting the festival. Mary Jane is flung from the balcony atop the main building and lands on a large panda air balloon. Peter suits into his spider suit and as Spider-Man, quickly saves Mary Jane and places her atop a building. As she kisses the hero for gratitude, a nearby spider slayer snaps a pick. In the meantime, the green menace flies on his glider and it isn't before long that Spider-Man chases him through the Manhattan skies. After a lengthy chase of repetitive battling, the Green Goblin stops by three highrises and confronts Spider-Man. As the battle rages on, Goblin tries to persuade Spider-Man to join him. Obviously refusing the request, the Goblin takes enough blows and coaxes Spider-Man to either chase him or locate the bombs he planted across the city and defuse them. Now in a race against time, Spider-Man zips across the skyscrapers and using his spider senses, locates and defuses all of the green menace's bombs. Returning to his investigation of finding the Green Goblin, Spider-Man eventually runs into the menace once again. This time, the Goblin has an arsenal of razor bats (50 to be exact) and targets all of them at Spidey. For Spider-Man, it is a no breezer, but just another obstacle for the Green Goblin to escape. However, Spider-Man grabs one of the razor bats and brings it to his apartment for insepction. After realizing it is under the name of Oscorp Industries, he swings over to the main building and breaks in. He uses stealth to sneak across the dark hallways but in order for him to go deeper into the laboratory, he must collect a set of codes from computers. Using his web techinques, Spider-Man manages to get all the required codes and then sneaks into the lab. Upon entry, he hears a brewing argument between two Oscorp scientists. One scientist is reluctant about the Oscorp Chemical Weapons division experiments while the other is persistent to let the experiments go on. When the reluctant scientist is left, Spider-Man jumps in and agrees to shut down the chemical injection experiments- thus also preventing Goblin from getting anymore of his high powered weapons. Spider-Man is capable of sneaking into the labs and shutting down the chemical machine. Unfortunately, Oscorp has hidden a greater weapon. It is a giant Super Mech Killer Robot hidden within a large containment chamber. Doing whatever a spider can, Spider-Man manages to shut the mech off only to have the alarms burst and the killer robot guards come out. Desperately swinging and fleeing from Oscorp in any way possible, the entire building is flooded with robots intent on killing Spider-Man. Making it out in the knick of time, Spider-Man believes he has stopped the Goblin for good. Things differ however as an angry Norman Osborn in his office receives the pictures of Mary Jane kissing Spider-Man. Using MJ as a weakness to Spidey, Green Goblin locates her apartment and kidnaps her. Realizing she is in danger, Spider-Man rushes to the scene, only seconds late to see the Goblin flying away with her. Chasing his formidable foe throughout the night skyline, Goblin's chase ends at the Brooklyn Bridge where he drops Mary Jane off at the western tower and tosses bombs into it where it becomes ablaze. Rescuing MJ, Spider-Man drops her off by the authorities and returns to the bridge to fight the Green Goblin. The two have an epic duel and by the end, Goblin removes his mask to reveal the face of Norman Osborn. Utterly taken by surprise, Spider-Man wonders why Norman, his friend's wealthy father, of all people would do such a thing. Before any straight answer is given, the goblin glider shoots towards Spider-Man in a last ditch effort to kill him. Spidey however uses his keen spider relfexes and backflips, just missing the glider, which continues on its streak through the air and impaling Norman in the gut. Norman's dying words are "Tell Harry...I'm sorry." As Spider-Man woefully turns away, Mary Jane comes up and states that she has a feeling of his identity. Without reluctance, she kisses him and the game ends. 
 Hercules (1997)651) The son of Zeus and Hera is stripped of his immortality as an infant and must become a true hero in order to reclaim it. Hercules, son of the Greek God, Zeus, is turned into a half-god, half-mortal by evil Hades, God of the Underworld, who plans to overthrow Zeus. Hercules is raised on Earth and retains his god-like strength, but when he discovers his immortal heritage Zeus tells him that to return to Mount Olympus he must become a true hero. Hercules becomes a famous hero with the help of his friend Pegasus and his personal trainer, Phil the satyr. Hercules battles monsters, Hades and the Titans, but it is his self-sacrifice to rescue his love Meg which makes him a true hero. Kristi Connolly <kristic@nlc.net.au> After the monstrous Titans were imprisoned by the powerful Zeus, a baby was born to Zeus whom he names Hercules. But when Hercules is suddenly stolen from Mt Olympus by Pain and Panic, the henchmen of the villainous Lord of the Underworld Hades, he is stripped of his godly appearance but keeps his godly strength. Raised among the mortal world as a human, Hercules is confused about where he belongs. Hercules is told that if he proves to be a true hero on Earth, his true form as a god will be restored. So he learns from a satyr named Philoctetes all the ways of being a hero. But his journey towards his return home as a god is suddenly put to a halt when he crosses paths with a beautiful Dame named Meg, who works in secret for Hades. Falling in love while defending a town, Hercules soon realizes that it is his destiny to save both the Mortal world and Mt. Olympus from Hades, who plans to overthrow Zeus to rule Olympus forever. Blazer346 Zeus, ruler of the Greek gods on Olympus, has great plans for his newborn son Hercules, but Zeus's brother Hades, whom the Fates warned the kid is destined to frustrated his plans for revenge for his banishment to rule the underworld after the Titans' defeat, sends demons Panic and Pain to magically render him mortal and eliminate the threat. Luckily the klutzes fail to do it properly, and fearing grim Hades's wrath leave the infant, whose strength was preserved, on earth. Unaware of his divine origin, Hercules is raised by Amphitryon and Alcmene, then learning his true heritage trained expertly by the satyr Philoctetes and receives from Zeus a mount for an Olympian: the flying horse Pegasus. eager to earn a place on Olympus, he champions humanity, fighting off monsters and falls in love with beautiful Meg, unaware she was sent by Hades but also falls for him. After Hercules helps defeat Hades's usurpation of Zeus's throne it's truth time for all. KGF Vissers After Zeus fights and sends the Titans to the underworld, he becomes the ruler of Mount Olympus, home of all greek gods. Hades is sent to rule the underworld, but he makes plans to throw Zeus out of Mount Olympus with the Titans' help. The three Fates warn him that his plans would be endangered if Hercules, Zeus newborn child, is still around by the time he tries to take over Mount Olympus. Hades sends Pain and Panic to turn Hercules into a mortal and kill him, but they fail in their attempt and leave him on earth with his divine strength to be raised as a human. Hercules grows up but later learns he is the son of gods, and in order to return to Mt. Olympus he must turn into a "true hero". He is trained by Phil the satyr and becomes the most famous hero in ancient Greece after battling monsters of all kinds. He even saves Mt. Olympus from Hade's take-over, but he only becomes a god again after he offers to exchange his life in order to save Meg, his love, from Hades' underworld and shows that a true hero must have a strong heart and not only physical strength. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based on both the legend of Hercules and Heracles. On Mt Olympus, Zeus and his wife are celebrating the birth of their son, Hercules. The Lord of the Underworld, Hades, is also invited, though is not at all pleased with the birth of Hercules. Returning to the Underworld, Hades meets up with the 3 Fates, who tell Hades that in 18 years, when the planets align, if he unleashes the Titans (who were imprisoned by Zeus), he will defeat Zeus and rule over all. However, there is a possibility that Hercules could stop him. Hades assigns his minions, Pain and Panic, to turn Hercules mortal, and kill him. Armed with a potion, the two kidnap Hercules, and take him to Earth. Hercules drinks almost every drop except one, when a childless couple disturbs the two minions' plan. The two decide to tell Hades that they killed Hercules, but figure leaving him on Earth as a mortal will keep him from interfering in Hades' eventual plot. As Hercules is almost completely mortal, he cannot return to Mt Olympus. However, the childless couple have taken him in, and raise him as their own. However, not being completely mortal, Hercules is ostracized from the rest of society by his immense strength. As he approaches his teenage years, his father tells of how they found him, with a medallion bearing the symbol of the gods. Hercules sets off for the Temple of Zeus to find answers. Once inside the temple, the enormous statue of Zeus comes to life, first scaring Hercules, but then explaining how he is the young boy's father. Zeus then explains that if Hercules can become a True Hero, he'll be able to return to Mt Olympus and rejoin them. Zeus then provides Hercules with a winged horse named Pegasus, and sends them off to find Philoctetes. Hercules and Pegasus find Philoctetes (who is nicknamed 'Phil') on a deserted island. Having become a grouchy, old satyr, Phil is at first reluctant, but finally relents. After an intense period of training, Hercules grows from a scrawny teenager to a buff young man. At Hercules' insistence to try what he has learned, Phil, Hercules and Pegasus head for the city of Thebes, which is plagued by a number of disasters and problems. On the way there, they are sidetracked by Meg, who appears to be menaced by a centaur. Hercules grows somewhat enchanted with her, before Phil gets them back on track to Thebes. After they leave, Meg meets with Hades, and his assistants, Pain and Panic. Meg was actually trying to get the centaur to side with Hades, but claims Hercules spoiled her plans. Upon hearing this, Hades angrily grabs his assistants, realizing they have lied to him. Pain and Panic manage to convince Hades that since Hercules is mortal, they can still kill him. In Thebes, Hercules tries to convince the citizens that he is a hero, but no one is willing to believe him. Suddenly, Meg appears, and tells of two small boys trapped under a rock in a nearby canyon. Hercules saves the little boys (actually Pain and Panic in disguise), but then has to contend with the 3-headed beast called the Hydra. After finding out that cutting off one head produces 3 more, Hercules ends up crushing the beast with a rock slide. The defeat of the Hydra causes the citizens of Thebes to acknowledge Hercules as a hero, and further anger Hades. Hades continues to send beasts and creature against Hercules, but each and everyone is defeated, further making Hercules a hero in the eyes of the citizens. Statues and merchandise are soon rampant with Hercules' face, and Hercules thinks that his fame will allow him to return to Mt Olympus. However, upon visiting the Temple of Zeus again, Zeus explains to Hercules that fame does not equal heroism. When Hercules asks to know what he can do, Zeus refuses to explain further. Back in Thebes, the conversation has upset Hercules, who wonders if he even has what it takes to be a hero. While in his home, Meg appears, and gets Hercules to come with her for an evening rendezvous. However, Meg's intentions are to secretly find Hercules' weakness, but as the night goes on, she begins to find him charming. The mood is broken when Phil and Pegasus show up to take Hercules home. During the flight away, Phil ends up getting hit by a tree, and falls off Pegasus. When he comes to, he sees Meg talking to Hades, with their conversation sounding as if Meg has been two-timing Hercules. In truth, Meg refuses to go along with Hades plan, claiming that Hercules has no weakness...which leads Hades to believe that she IS that weakness. Back at Thebes Stadium, Phil tries to convince Hercules of what he saw, but Hercules angrily hits Phil. Phil, hurt by his protege's backlash, gets up and leaves. Once Phil is gone, Hades appears, and offers Hercules an ultimatum: if Hercules gives up his powers for 24 hours, Hades will allow Meg to go free, with the provision that the deal will be voided if any harm comes to her. Hercules goes through with the deal, only to have Hades then tell Hercules how Meg was working for him. Now drained of his strength, Hercules can only watch as Hades lets loose the Titans that Zeus had imprisoned years earlier. Hades sends a giant cyclops to Thebes to destroy the City. Even though Hercules is drained of his strength, he still tries to stop the creature. Fearing that he'll be killed, Meg and Pegasus find Phil, who they convince to return and help his student. With Phil's help and some ingenuity, Hercules ends up blinding and finishing off the cyclops, but in the process, Meg is gravely injured. Her injury causes Hades' deal to expire, and Hercules receives his strength back. With Phil watching over Meg, Hercules and Pegasus fly to Mt Olympus, where the Titans have all but over-powered Zeus and the other gods. Hercules helps turn the tide of battle, and ends up taking care of the Titans, and Hades angrily retreats to the Underworld. When Hercules returns to Thebes, Phil reveals that Meg has died. Upset by this, Hercues descends into the Underworld to get her back. Hercules makes a deal with Hades, that he will take Meg's place if he rescues her from the River of Death. Hades accepts the deal, sure that Hercules will die before he can save her. It seems Hercules will die, but upon reaching Meg, he suddenly begins to glow yellow, having achieved god status by risking his life to save her. Hercules manages to get Meg out of the River of Death, much to Hades ranting and protestations, several of which cause Hercules to send him flying into the river, where the dead attempt to drown him. Hercules, Pegasus, Phil and Meg then fly to Mt Olympus where the gods are waiting to welcome Hercules back, now that he has become a 'True Hero.' However, Hercules chooses to stay on Earth, but still be able to visit his family. The film ends as one of the gods creates a constellation in the sky of Hercules, making Phil swell with pride that he was able to train a legend and a god. 
 Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater (2004 Video Game)651) In 1964, a U.S. government operative codenamed "Snake" must infiltrate mountainous Soviet territory to rescue a scientist building a weapon of terrible power. In 1963 Naked Snake, soon to be Big Boss and father a Solid Snake, infiltrates the Russian jungle to extract a Russian weapons specialist. The mission turns into a catastrophic failure when Snake's former mentor, The Boss, defects to Russia and sets a nuke. Now alone and defenseless Snake must stop The Boss and her squad of crack special ops from unleashing nuclear war! The Metal Gear Solid saga starts here, in 1964. Solid Snake's father, Big Boss (or Snake) must thwart the USSR's attempt to build a mobile-tank capable of launching nuclear missiles onto the United States. Snake must stop the Russians from starting World War Three, but at a great cost. Snake learns that his longtime mentor, The Boss, has defected to the Soviet Union. To prove his allegiance with the American government, Snake is ordered to kill his mentor while stopping the USSR's nuclear plans coming to fruition. Johnny Rival nations are secretly developing weapons that could threaten the future of mankind. Deep in the jungle, an elite tactical soldier must combine stealth with survival to infiltrate the enemy and stop a weapon of mass destruction from triggering the largest full-scale war the world has ever seen. The game is set in a sweltering jungle where players must fight for survival by battling relentless natural elements, as well as an onslaught of ruthless enemy soldiers. Sujit R. Varma After having defected to the West, a Soviet scientist has developed a new weapon that would change the world, the Shagohod missile system, but he was sent back as part of a deal within the Cuban Missile Crisis. Now the West wants him back, and Naked Snake, the man who would one day become Big Boss, goes to rescue him. However, the legendary soldier (and Snake's mentor), The Boss, defects to the U.S.S.R., and the renegade Soviet colonel that she now serves explodes a nuclear weapon against his own countrymen. The Soviet leaders blame the U.S. for the nuclear attack and threaten retaliation unless the U.S. can prove its innocence in the matter. A deal is made between the East and West: the U.S. must assassinate The Boss and her team of WWII rogue veterans (the Cobra Squad), eliminate the Soviet colonel and his rebels, rescue the scientist once again and destroy the prototype Shagohod within one week or risk a nuclear war with the Soviet Union. Seen as being responsible for letting The Boss get away, Snake must complete the mission or he and his support team will be executed for failing in the original operation and letting the nuclear war begin. Parachuting alone into the treacherous jungle, Operation: Snake Eater commences. Flotis Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Metal Gear Solid 3 is set during the Cold War in 1964, where Naked Snake is sent to the jungles of the Soviet Union. Aided over radio by Major Zero, Para-Medic, and his former mentor The Boss, his mission is to rescue a defecting Soviet scientist named Sokolov who is secretly developing an advanced nuclear-equipped tank called the "Shagohod." The mission goes smoothly until The Boss defects and provides her new benefactor Colonel Volgin with two Davy Crockett miniature nuclear shells. Sokolov is captured by the Cobra Unit and Snake is heavily injured in combat by The Boss, allowing Volgin and his cohorts to escape with the Shagohod. Volgin detonates one of the nuclear shells to cover up its theft, which is subsequently blamed on The Boss. Having detected the US aircraft which deployed Snake flying over Soviet soil, the Soviet Union declares the United States responsible for the atomic attack, tipping both nations to the edge of a nuclear war. In a secret conference between US President Lyndon Johnson and Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, a deal is hatched to prove the US's innocence and restore peace. The United States agree to stop Volgin's renegade faction, destroy the stolen Shagohod and eliminate the American defector, The Boss. A week after being rescued from the region, Snake is redeployed into the Soviet jungle as part of Operation Snake Eater, to fulfill the United States' promises. During the mission, he gains the assistance of another American defector, ex-NSA agent EVA, who defected a few years earlier. After numerous encounters with the elite Ocelot Unit (led by a young Ocelot), and defeating every member of the Cobra Unit, Snake succeeds in locating Sokolov and the stolen Shagohod, only to be captured in Volgin's military fortress, Groznyj Grad. After witnessing the apparent death of Sokolov, Snake is tortured and has his eye shot out when Ocelot shoots to kill EVA; Snake ultimately escapes. When he returns to the facility to destroy the Shagohod, Snake learns of The Philosophers. Made up of the most powerful men in the United States, Soviet Union, and China, they are an Illuminati-like organization who control the world behind the scenes. However, after the end of World War II, they began to fight amongst themselves, and the organization broke down. The Philosopher's Legacy, a fund the organization had jointly amassed to finance their wars ($100 billion, about $1 trillion today when adjusted for inflation) was divided up and hidden in banks all over the world. Volgin had illegally inherited this money, and Snake learns that the US is attempting to retrieve it. Snake continues his mission, destroying the facility and the Shagohod tank, while engaging Volgin, who is killed by a bolt of lightning during the battle. Snake and EVA travel to a lake, where a ground effect vehicle is hidden. Before they use it to escape the region, Snake confronts his old mentor, The Boss, whom he must kill to complete his mission. After an emotional battle, Snake overcomes his feelings and defeats her. He and EVA escape to Alaska, and spend the night together. During the night EVA disappears, and leaves behind a tape revealing herself to be a Chinese spy sent to steal the Philosophers Legacy for China. The tape continues, and EVA reveals that The Boss did not defect to the Soviet Union; rather, she was under orders to pretend to defect so she could infiltrate Volgin's ranks and find the location of the Legacy, which could be brought back to America. The final part of her mission was to sacrifice her honor and die at the hands of Snake, under the guise of a traitor, to prove the US's innocence in Volgin's nuclear attack from the beginning of the game. Snake is awarded the title of "Big Boss" and given the Distinguished Service Cross for his efforts.[33] Later, he arrives at an anonymous grave, The Boss', just one of thousands in the huge military cemetery he visits. Laying down The Boss' gun and a bouquet of lilies upon the nameless gravestone he scans the endless rows before him, salutes, and sheds a single tear. After the credits roll, Ocelot is heard talking (a telephone conversation) and reveals that the microfilm containing the information on the Philosopher's Legacy given to EVA was a fake, that Ocelot himself was ADAM, that half of the real legacy is in the hands of the US Government thanks to Snake, and that he was working for the CIA 