nm0002756:

 Gemini Man (2019)431) An over-the-hill hitman faces off against a younger clone of himself. A retiring assassin, Henry Brogan, finds himself pursued by a mysterious killer that can predict his every move. Discovering that he's being hunted by a younger clone of himself, Henry needs to find out why he's being targeted and who the creator is. bixy gello "Henry Brogan is an elite 51-year-old assassin who's ready to call it quits after completing his 72nd job. His plans get turned upside down when he becomes the target of a mysterious operative who can seemingly predict his every move. To his horror, Brogan soon learns that the man who's trying to kill him is a younger, faster, cloned version of himself. krmanirethnam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Expert assassin Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is hiding out in a field as he awaits his target, suspected terrorist Valery Dormov (Igor Szasz), to pass by on a moving train. Just as Henry gets ready, his spotter and fellow DIA agent, Marino (EJ Bonilla), informs him that there is a little girl standing in front of Dormov. They must wait until she is out of sight, allowing Henry to take the shot. He just manages to strike Dormov in the neck, but he still kills him. Marino later shows Henry a video of civilians' reactions to Dormov's killing on the train. He orders Marino to delete it, as he wants no memory or image of that in his head. Henry decides to retire from the assassin life and is later visited by his handler, Del Patterson (Ralph Brown). Henry expresses his remorse over all the lives he has taken over his career, and how one wrong move could have ended that little girl's life. Henry goes to rent a boat, meeting the shop's new manager Dani Zakarweski (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) before going to meet his friend Jack Willis (Douglas Hodge). He tells Henry that Dormov was actually an innocent man working as a molecular biologist who worked in the States for 30 years. Jack thinks Henry's file on Dormov was spiked. When Henry asks where he is getting this information, Jack tells him it's his informant in Budapest, Yuri Kovacs (Ilia Volok), and he passes on this information. This whole encounter is bugged and listened in on by DIA director Janet Lassiter (Linda Emond) and GEMINI director Clay Varris (Clive Owen). Clay orders Lassiter to find a way to take care of Henry. Henry goes back to the shop and suspects Dani of working with the DIA and is following him. She denies it, and Henry feels like a jerk, so he invites her out for dinner. During their outing, it is confirmed that Dani is DIA, but she says she was following in her FBI father's footsteps. Henry also mentions his retirement and why he is choosing to leave this life behind. Later that night, a team of insurgents sneak onto Jack's boat to kill him and his girlfriend, and then dump their bodies in the water. Soon after, Henry wakes up at home and realizes men are breaking in. He calls Marino to warn him, but he hears him get killed over the phone. Henry has no choice but to run. He kills the intruders and then goes to Dani's house to warn her. He figures that since she doesn't seem to know about it that she must not be in on it, and she may be the next target. When Dani is left alone for a moment, she is attacked by a mercenary, but she gets the upper hand on him and beats the information out of him (along with some teeth). Dani confirms to Henry that Lassiter sent them. Henry and Dani ride a boat out somewhere obscure until they are found by Henry's pilot friend Baron (Benedict Wong). Henry contacts Del just to figure out what is going on. He tells him about GEMINI working with the DIA to wipe out their agents. It turns out that Dormov was working with GEMINI, and Henry figures out Clay's involvement. Henry asks Dani what she knows about GEMINI, which is just a paramilitary organization run by Clay, who originally wanted Henry and Baron to join him since they knew him as a marine, but they both declined. GEMINI specializes in wiping out specific targets with the utmost discretion. The trio go to Cartagena, Columbia temporarily. In their hotel room, Henry spots a shooter running across the adjacent rooftops. Henry runs out and starts shooting at the man. He quickly discovers that the shooter looks exactly like him, and he is named "Junior". He utilizes the exact same skill set as Henry, which makes him hard to strike. Junior chases Henry as they both ride motorbikes, resulting in Junior trying to hit Henry with his flaming bike before it explodes. Before Junior can kill Henry, authorities arrive, and he flees. Baron and Dani "take" Henry into custody as they head somewhere safer. Henry figures out their next move is to go to Budapest to meet Yuri to get more information from him. Baron finds someone who loans him a plane to get them there. Junior goes to his safe-house to treat his wounds. He is met by Clay, who makes Junior feel like a son (hence "Junior"). Junior expresses his astonishment at Henry managing to dodge his attacks and moves, but he didn't actually get a good look at his target. Clay later shows Junior the training exercises that other GEMINI operatives go through. Dani reveals to Henry that she sent DNA samples of himself and the cap that Junior was wearing, which reveals that Junior is Henry's clone. Henry is left bewildered at why a clone of himself would be sent to kill him. The trio arrive in Budapest and meet Yuri. He tells Henry that he is against Clay as well, and reveals that Dormov worked with GEMINI on the cloning project. He helped design clones that could be stronger and smarter, but Clay wanted soldiers without consciences and pain. Dormov walked away from the project and was marked for death. Henry gets a messenger to find Lassiter and inform her that he knows everything about her, so if she sends someone to kill him again, he will send someone after her first. He tries to negotiate with her to send Junior to him in order to let Dani get back to the U.S. safely. Lassiter arranges for Junior to be sent to Budapest, and he later meets Dani alone in a garden. He orders her to strip to make sure she isn't wearing a wire. He then takes her in and informs Henry about this to get him closer, and they agree to meet somewhere specific. On the ride there, Dani tries to talk to Junior to prove that he is not the cold-blooded killer he was bred to be. When she asks him why he is trying to kill Henry, Junior says he was told that Henry killed the other operatives that GEMINI killed. Henry manages to catch Junior and free Dani. He tells Junior he doesn't want to kill him but will do so if necessary. Henry also tells him who Clay really is, as well as who Junior is, expressing how empty they both feel unless they are killing someone. Junior learns he is a clone, but he doesn't want to believe it. He fights Henry and almost kills him before Dani intervenes, and Junior escapes. He returns to GEMINI and asks Clay to tell him the truth. Clay does, but he assures Junior that he is better than Henry, and that he is Clay's son. After returning home, Junior finds Henry, Dani, and Baron. He hits Henry with bee venom, knowing they are both allergic to bees, but then quickly administers an epipen. Junior decides to team up with the trio to stop Clay for good. Junior asks more questions about Henry's life to know what his own history would have been like. As they drive into town, Clay contacts Junior and tells him to run. They are hit by an ambush when a tank rolls in. Henry, Dani, and Junior jump out of the van, but Baron is killed when the tank blows it up. Soon, more GEMINI operatives start to attack, including one wearing all armor and firing a machine gun at the heroes. Henry and Junior manage to kill the operatives, but the armored one goes after them. Junior finds Clay, and they start fighting, with Junior managing to knock Clay out. They manage to subdue and kill the armored man, and he is revealed to be another clone of Henry. Clay regains consciousness and finds them. He tells Henry that this was all to reduce the cost of human life in warfare, and using someone as skilled as Henry was the perfect plan. Junior aims his gun at Clay, but Henry stops him from killing him, as he doesn't want Junior to feel the same trauma from killing people. Henry instead decides to blast a hole in Clay's chest. Sometime later, GEMINI's program is shut down, and there are no more clones running around. Henry and Dani meet on a college campus where Junior is now attending with the name "Jackson Brogan", using Henry's mother's maiden name. The three walk off together. 
 Ant-Man and the Wasp (2018)651) As Scott Lang balances being both a superhero and a father, Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym present an urgent new mission that finds the Ant-Man fighting alongside The Wasp to uncover secrets from their past. In the aftermath of Captain America: Civil War (2016) , Scott Lang grapples with the consequences of his choices as both a superhero and a father. As he struggles to rebalance his home life with his responsibilities as Ant-Man, he's confronted by Hope van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym with an urgent new mission. Scott must once again put on the suit and learn to fight alongside The Wasp as the team works together to uncover secrets from their past. Walt Disney Studios In the aftermath of his experiences in Germany with the Avengers, Scott Lang must now deal with the consequences of his past actions while under house arrest. But Scott answers a call back into action when Hope Van Dyne and Dr. Hank Pym approach him with a new mission to find the truth about secrets from their past, all while facing a new enemy who anticipates their every move. Blazer346 In Marvel's follow-up to Ant-Man and Captain America: Civil War, Scott Lang (Paul Rudd) is still struggling with his responsibilities as a superhero when Dr. Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) recruits him for another mission. This time, he must fight alongside Hope van Dyne (Evangeline Lilly), who's been outfitted with a suit of her own to become The Wasp. While facing off against super-powered criminal Ghost (Hannah John-Kamen), the mismatched duo uncover secrets about the origins of their abilities. Directed by Peyton Reed. Michelle Pfeiffer and Laurence Fishburne co-star. ahmetkozan Two years after Scott Lang was placed on house arrest due to his involvement with the Avengers in violation of the Sokovia Accords,[N 1] Hank Pym and his daughter Hope van Dyne briefly manage to open a tunnel to the quantum realm. They believe Pym's wife Janet van Dyne might be trapped there after shrinking to sub-atomic levels in 1987. When he had previously visited the quantum realm, Lang had unknowingly become quantum entangled with Janet, and now he receives an apparent message from her. With only days left of house arrest, Lang contacts Pym about Janet despite the strained relationship they have due to Lang's actions with the Avengers. Hope and Pym kidnap Lang, leaving a decoy so as not to arouse suspicion from FBI agent Jimmy Woo. Believing the message from Janet to be confirmation that she is alive, the trio work to build a stable tunnel so they can take a vehicle to the quantum realm and retrieve her. They arrange to buy a part needed for the tunnel from black market dealer Sonny Burch, who has realized the potential profit that can be earned from Pym's research and double-crosses them. Donning the Wasp outfit, Hope fights off Burch and his men until she is attacked by a quantum unstable masked woman. Lang tries to help fight off this "ghost", but the woman escapes with Pym's lab, which has been shrunk down to the size of a suitcase.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in 1987 as Hank Pym (Michael Douglas) and his wife Janet Van Dyne (Michelle Pfeiffer) are set to go on a mission, leaving their young daughter Hope (Madeleine McGraw) in the care of their housekeeper. As Ant-Man and the Wasp, they shrink themselves to stop a Soviet nuclear missile from detonating inside American territory. Finding that they can't shrink small enough to slip between the steel plates, Janet goes subatomic to drop the missile into the ocean, but it left her lost in the Quantum Realm, and she was presumed dead. However, after Scott Lang (Paul Rudd), as the new Ant-Man, went sub-atomic and managed to return to normal size, Hank tells Hope (now played by Evangeline Lilly) that there might be a way to bring Janet back. In the present day, Scott has been under house arrest after violating the Sokovia Accords by working with Captain America in Stuttgart, Germany. He is spending his day with Cassie (Abby Ryder Fortson), who is visiting him for the day. Scott has a whole area set up with the help of Luis (Michael Pena) in his house for them to play in, including a slide that goes out the door. Unfortunately, Scott's foot breaks through the fence and therefore the perimeter, and the FBI pays him a visit. Agent Jimmy Woo (Randall Park) leads the inspection to make sure Scott isn't doing anything suspicious. Scott explains that he's had to get creative to entertain Cassie, including doing sleight-of-hand magic, which impresses Woo. The FBI leaves, and Cassie goes home with Maggie (Judy Greer) and Paxton (Bobby Cannavale). With only three days left under house arrest, Scott does what he can to keep himself occupied. He takes a bath and then has a dream where he finds himself as Janet playing Hide and Seek with a young Hope. Scott later gives Hank a call, despite both he and Hope not having spoken to him since his arrest. He tells Hank about the dream he saw. Hours later, Scott is tranquilized by something flying in the room. Scott wakes up to find Hope driving him somewhere in a shrunken van. She lets him know that she took off his ankle bracelet and put it on the giant ant Scott has living with him. They arrive at the lab where they show Scott that they have created a tunnel to the Quantum Realm in the hopes of bringing Janet back. After Scott describes his dream in full detail, Hank and Hope deduce that he and Janet are connected because of the time he spent in the Quantum Realm. They are missing a key electronic component to get the tunnel to work, so they head to meet with someone who possesses it. Hank shrinks the lab and takes it with him. However, they don't realize they are being watched by a transparent figure. The three arrive at a restaurant where Hope meets with Sonny Burch (Walton Goggins), a black market tech dealer, while Scott and Hank monitor the situation from inside the van. Burch knows Hope as "Susan", but he has already figured out her identity by the time she arrives. Burch refuses to give up the component that Hope needs, so she appears to leave. Burch and his goons start to walk out, but they are knocked around by Hope in her Wasp suit. Scott is impressed to see that she has wings and blasters. She fights them in the restaurant's kitchen and manages to enlarge a salt shaker to knock out one goon while also running across knives being thrown at her. As Hope grabs the component, she is attacked by the figure from earlier, Ghost (Hannah John-Kamen). She is able to phase through anything, which means Hope's punches are useless against her. Scott joins Hope as Ant-Man in a new suit to help her, but Ghost escapes and makes her way to the van and steals the lab from Hank. Scott brings Hope and Hank to hide at X-Con, the security company run by Luis, with Dave (Tip "T.I." Harris) and Kurt (David Dastmalchian) as his employees. There, they try to come up with a plan to get the lab back. Hank figures that he has to reluctantly seek help from a former friend and partner of his, Bill Foster (Laurence Fishburne). Ghost, whose real name is Ava, goes to her home. She phases involuntarily and must sleep inside a special chamber to control it. Scott, Hope, and Hank go in disguise to the university that Bill teaches at. He maintains a grudge with Hank over the work they did together decades earlier, Project Goliath, in which Bill reached 21 feet. Scott then sees Woo and his fellow agents outside, thinking they know he's in there. Before they go, Bill tells them that they can locate the lab by modifying a defractor on one of the suit's regulators. Hank says they can't use the new Ant-Man suit because it's a work-in-progress, so Scott tells them they can find it in the older suit, which is in a trophy that Cassie took to school for show-and-tell. Scott and Hope sneak into Cassie's school, but the regulator on Scott's suit malfunctions, making him the size of a child. They get to Cassie's classroom and get the suit out of the trophy before they are spotted. The trio locate Ava's home and find the lab, but she knocks all three of them out and has them tied up. She reveals she is working with Bill, who took her in as a child. Her father, Elihas Starr (Michael Cerveris), had attempted an experiment to reach the Quantum Realm, but his own tunnel became unstable. His wife Catherine (Riann Steele) tried to escape with young Ava, but the little girl ran back for her father. The tunnel caused a huge explosion, killing Elihas and Catherine, but Ava survived and her molecules destabilized, resulting in her uncontrolled phasing. She and Bill now plan to use Janet's quantum energy to help turn Ava normal, even if it might kill Janet. Hank fakes having a heart attack to get Bill to grab a tin of Altoids for his meds, which really contain Hank's trained ants that grow to a large size and help free them, allowing the three to escape and take the lab back. After enlarging the lab, Janet takes control of Scott's mind, revealing to Hope and Hank a new algorithm that will help them stabilize the tunnel and enter the coordinates to locate her, but she warns them that they only have two hours before the Quantum Realm becomes so unstable they won't be able to reach her for another century. Burch and his goons go to X-Con and interrogate Luis, Dave, and Kurt using a truth serum (though the villains insist that's not what it is). Luis reveals that Scott is with Hope and Hank in the woods where they set up the lab. Ava appears after having heard this information, and she takes out the wheels on Burch's van as she heads to find the heroes herself. Burch then contacts the crooked FBI Agent Stoltz (Sean Kleier) and tells him where Scott will be. Stoltz tells Woo, and Luis quickly warns Scott so that he can return home before he is caught escaping his house arrest. Cassie is with him and says he could use a partner to help him, meaning herself, but Scott says he has Hope, which Cassie thinks is also a good fit. Hope and Hank are caught by FBI agents once they shrink the lab. Stoltz grabs it but he is knocked out by Ava, who then takes the lab herself. Scott uses the trained ants to help Hope and Hank break out of the FBI headquarters. The ants guide the three to the lab's location, and Luis joins them as backup. Hank uses the giant ants to get Bill out so that he can use his old suit to go into the Quantum Realm and find Janet. The lab is shrunken again, and Luis grabs it. Scott, as Ant-Man, is attacked by Ava, but he holds her off long enough for Hope and Luis to get away. Scott flies away on a flying ant to meet up with Hope and Luis at the rendezvous point, but they are followed by Burch and his men, as well as Ava. Hope shrinks and enlarges the van to literally throw the goons off, even enlarging a Hello Kitty Pez dispenser to throw at one of them. Scott grows to Giant Man to stop them, but as Ava intervenes, Hope becomes The Wasp to fight her. Burch takes the lab and runs to the docks where he boards a ship to get away. Scott grows again to reach him and stop him to recover the lab. Luis shows up in another car to meet with them, but Scott gets light-headed from being so huge that he falls into the water. Hope swims down to save him. In the Quantum Realm, Hank nearly loses his signal, but he finally manages to locate Janet at her coordinates, and they reunite with a kiss. Meanwhile, the lab has returned to its normal size, and Ava and Bill are planning to get Janet's quantum energy. Hank and Janet start to return as Ava and Bill begin the process, which starts to drain Janet. Scott and Hope show up and disable their machine, giving Hank and Janet enough time to come out of the Quantum Realm. Hope reunites with her mother at last. Janet then sees Ava's problem, and she puts her hands on Ava to stabilize her and stop her phasing. Everyone leaves as the heroes take the lab. Bill wants to keep protecting Ava, but she tells him they need to split up. Outside the lab, Dave and Kurt help Luis incapacitate Burch and his goons before injecting them with truth serum as the cops arrive, leading to their arrest. Burch and his goons admit to everything. Woo thinks he knows Scott is out on the streets as Ant-Man, but he goes to his home and finds Scott there. Scott's sentence is finally over, and he is a free man once more. The first thing he does is go see Cassie. In the final scene, Luis gets a new, wealthy client for his business to keep them from going under. Hank brings Janet to the beach where they set up a new house that he expands to it's original size. Scott shrinks himself, Hope, and Cassie in a car so they can use a laptop as a screen like a drive-in movie. They are then bothered by a large butterfly. Mid-Credits: Hank and Janet have set up the Quantum Tunnel in a van on a rooftop with Hope's help so that Scott can enter it. He obtains quantum energy to keep helping Ava be stabilized. Just as Scott is ready to go back, the others fail to bring him back, and he doesn't hear anyone on the other end of the radio. Back in the real world, Hank, Janet, and Hope have all been turned to ash by Thanos snapping his fingers (at the end of 'Avengers: Infinity War'), leaving Scott forever trapped in the Quantum Realm with no chance of getting back to Earth. Post-Credits: Most of San Francisco appears to have felt the effects of the Gauntlet; more than half of all life in the city and on Earth and the entire universe is gone... except for the giant ant, who is still in Scott's apartment playing on his drum-set. The final text reads "Ant-Man and the Wasp will return...?" 
 The Darkest Minds (2018)77) Imprisoned by an adult world that now fears everyone under 18, a group of teens form a resistance group to fight back and reclaim control of their future. After a disease killed 98% of children and young people in the United States, the 2% who managed to survive have developed superpowers, but have been locked in internment camps after being declared a threat. 16-year-old, Ruby, manages to escape from her camp and joins a group of teenagers fleeing government forces. In the future, the USA has been hit by a virus which has killed off much of its children, and adults are now fearful of teens. When a group of teenagers develop superpowers and are imprisoned in a detention camp, the group must seek a safe haven for themselves and others like them. Tom Daly A sudden disease kills over 98% of the children throughout the world, leaving the survivors with unusual abilities. As a result, the governments of the world place the survivors in a "rehabilitation camp", where they attempt to cure the children of their disease, distinguishing them into classes based on their abilities. Ruby Daly celebrates her tenth birthday with her family, where her father gives her a key chain. Seeing her parents' concern about the disease, Ruby goes to comfort her parents in the night, touching their hands, and inadvertently erasing all their memories with Ruby. In the morning, her mother locks Ruby in the garage; having no recollection of her, she sends Ruby to an internment camp, where Ruby is determined to be an Orange, the most dangerous class where they have the abilities to control other people's minds and memories. Ruby uses her abilities to convince her supervisor that she is a Green, the least dangerous one with extremely high intelligence.. When teens mysteriously develop powerful new abilities, they are declared a threat by the government and detained. Sixteen-year-old Ruby, one of the most powerful young people anyone has encountered, escapes her camp and joins a group of runaway teens seeking safe haven. Soon this newfound family realizes that, in a world in which the adults in power have betrayed them, running is not enough and they must wage a resistance, using their collective power to take back control of their future. Twentieth Century Fox Ruby Daly never thought she would survive the horrible plague that killed 98% of America's children... but she did. Those who survived the disease were left with unnatural powers that could only be described by a color: the greens (super intelligent), the blues (telekinesis), the yellows (control over electricity), the oranges (power over the mind), and the reds (control fire). Ruby is an orange, a dangerous one. She is sent to Thurmond, a camp for kids like her. She is miserable there and scared of what happened to the others like her. She hides under the facade that she is a green and watched as those like her are taken away. She escapes this horrible place with the help of the children's league, and from there her life changes forever. When Ruby woke up on her tenth birthday, something about her had changed. Something alarming enough to make her parents lock her in the garage and call the police. Something that gets her sent to Thurmond, a brutal government "rehabilitation camp." She might have survived the mysterious disease that's killed most of America's children, but she and the others have emerged with something far worse: frightening abilities they cannot control. Now sixteen, Ruby is one of the dangerous ones. When the truth comes out, Ruby barely escapes Thurmond with her life. Now she's on the run, desperate to find the one safe haven left for kids like her-East River. She joins a group of kids who escaped their own camp. Liam, their brave leader, is falling hard for Ruby. But no matter how much she aches for him, Ruby can't risk getting close. Not after what happened to her parents. When they arrive at East River, nothing is as it seems, least of all its mysterious leader. But there are other forces at work, people who will stop at nothing to use Ruby in their fight against the government. Ruby will be faced with a terrible choice, one that may mean giving up her only chance at a life worth living. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baby Driver (2017)651) After being coerced into working for a crime boss, a young getaway driver finds himself taking part in a heist doomed to fail. Baby is a young and partially hearing impaired getaway driver who can make any wild move while in motion with the right track playing. It's a critical talent he needs to survive his indentured servitude to the crime boss, Doc, who values his role in his meticulously planned robberies. However, just when Baby thinks he is finally free and clear to have his own life with his new girlfriend, Debora, Doc coerces him back for another job. Now saddled with a crew of thugs too violently unstable to keep to Doc's plans, Baby finds himself and everything he cares for in terrible danger. To survive and escape the coming maelstrom, it will take all of Baby's skill, wits and daring, but even on the best track, can he make it when life is forcing him to face the music? Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Baby is a young getaway driver, contracted to a master-criminal, Doc. Doc's specialty is armed robberies - he puts together teams for each heist, with Baby being the only constant. Baby completes his last job for Doc and is now free. He sets about leading a normal life, getting a legitimate job and starting a relationship (with Debora). However, Doc views Baby as a sort of good luck charm, and, using threats of violence, pulls him back into the criminal world. With a particular job in mind, Doc assembles his team. However, the other individuals are incompatible with each other, if not psychotic, and soon not only is Baby's life at risk but also Debora's. grantss Indebted to Doc, the icy Atlanta crime lord, Baby, the youthful, talented, but hesitant getaway driver, for years now, has been the constant unstoppable force behind the kingpin's masterfully-planned daring heists. Always in sync with his carefully-chosen playlists, whether he's burning rubber or strolling down the street, Baby needs just one more job to get off the hook--and maybe--even go out on a proper date with the charming waitress, Debora. Caught up in the bliss of a whirlwind romance, Baby desperately wants out; however, as things get out of hand, will the young designated driver be able to protect those he loves? Nick Riganas Baby is a young getaway driver living in Atlanta, Georgia. When he was a child a car accident killed his parents and left him with tinnitus which he blocks out by listening to music on his iPod. He ferries crews of robbers led by a criminal mastermind named Doc in order to pay off a debt he incurred after stealing one of Doc's cars. Between jobs, he creates remixes from snippets of conversations he records and cares for his deaf foster father Joseph. While waiting for his next job Baby meets a young waitress named Debora; the pair quickly bond over their interests in music and fall in love.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Atlanta, Georgia, a red car pulls up across the street from a bank. Inside are three robbers, Buddy (Jon Hamm), Darling (Eiza Gonzalez), and Griff (Jon Bernthal) and their getaway driver, Baby (Ansel Elgort). The robbers enter the bank while Baby jams out to the song "Bellbottoms". Moments later, the robbers run back to the car. Baby drives out of there with the music blaring in his ears. The police pursue the car throughout the city, but Baby is able to swiftly maneuver through obstacles by drifting the car and pulling crazy maneuvers in time to the music while evading the cops. He drives on the highway where two other red cars are passing. Once they go under the bridge, Baby is able to trick the police and escape, but almost gets caught in an alleyway before Griff makes him stop. He takes the car to a parking garage where he and the robbers take another car and get away, just as Baby's song finishes. Later on, Baby goes to get coffee for himself and the crooks, and takes a stroll to the coffee shop while listening to Harlem Shuffle by Bob & Earl. They are meeting with their employer, Doc (Kevin Spacey). Griff asks why Baby is constantly listening to music. Doc says it's from an accident he had as a kid that left him with tinnitus, so he uses the music to drown out the humming. Griff messes with Baby to intimidate him, but Baby never flinches. The crooks part ways, and Buddy tells Baby to not answer Doc if he calls him again. Doc tells Baby to ignore that. Baby lives with a paraplegic deaf man named Joseph (C.J. Jones). He keeps his share of the stolen money hidden under a floorboard. As he and Joseph communicate in sign language, Joseph knows Baby is in some kind of shady business. In his spare time, Baby takes recordings from his meetings with Doc and remixes them into music tapes. He has a drawer with all of his tapes, but in the middle is one special tape labeled "Mom". Baby goes to Bo's Diner. He sees a pretty young waitress, Debora (Lily James), singing a song. She goes over to take his order, and she notices Baby's recorder. The two chat, and Baby asks what song Deborah is singing. He later finds the song and listens to it at home, leading Joseph to figure out that Baby has met a girl. Doc brings Baby in for the next job. He introduces Baby to the new crew: Eddie No-Nose (Flea), JD (Lanny Joon), and Bats (Jamie Foxx). Their target is an armored truck. As Doc explains the plan, Baby listens to music. Bats is the first to question Baby's capabilities, but Baby is able to restate Doc's plan word-for-word. For Baby and Doc, this is the last job that Baby needs to take to settle a debt between him and Doc. The crew gathers near the armored truck. JD already messes things up when he gets the wrong masks; Doc specified Michael Myers (of the "Halloween" movies) masks, but he gets "Austin Powers" Mike Myers masks. Baby waits in the car with his tunes while the three go rob the truck. Bats ends up killing the guard, and the three robbers frantically run back to the car. Baby tries to get out but hits the truck of a marine (Clay Donahue Fontenot). The marine shoots at the crooks, forcing Baby to drive against a wall to get out. The marine chases after them on the highway and causes them to get stuck under a truck. Bats gets a clear shot at the marine, but Baby pulls out to avoid this. Baby drives off the highway and loses the marine when he crashes his truck. The crooks then abandon their car because of traffic and steal a car from a woman with a baby. JD ends up dropping his shotgun in the chaos. The gang makes it to the parking garage and moves to separate cars. Bats asks Baby if he purposely made him miss the shot. Baby says "no" but Bats knows he's lying. He holds a gun to Baby's face and threatens him for catching feelings. Baby returns to Bo's Diner to continue seeing Debora. They chat about songs with their names, specifically how there are songs called "Debora" and "Debra", while there are lots of songs about "Baby". Baby goes to Doc's hideout to get his cut of the money from the job. Only Bats and Eddie are there as well. Doc then has Baby dispose of the car that has JD's corpse in it. Baby takes the car to the junkyard and has a flashback about his childhood. He was very close with his mother (Sky Ferreira), who was a singer. His father was an alcoholic who abused her, and they got into a fatal car accident while arguing. Baby takes on a new job as a pizza delivery driver. He is able to start seeing Debora socially. However, Baby is approached by Doc, who still needs him as a driver for more robbery jobs. Doc threatens Baby with potentially hurting Debora. Baby reluctantly agrees. He later takes Debora home and they have their first kiss. Doc brings Baby to the post office where he wants to set the next heist. He has Baby go in with his nephew Sam (Brogan Hall) to provide a cover so Baby won't look suspicious being there alone. Sam scopes out the place to give Baby information to repeat back to Doc. They interact with a friendly teller (Allison King) before returning to Doc's car so Baby can give details for Doc to plan out the heist. Baby calls Debora with a plan to drive far away and not look back. She agrees to it. Baby then has a black-and-white fantasy of Debora standing by a car, waiting for him to join her. Despite his personal code of not using the same crew for more than one heist, Doc gathers Buddy, Darling, and Bats as his crew with Baby still being the getaway driver. Doc orders the crew to acquire guns from an arms dealer known as The Butcher (Paul Williams). On the ride to meet The Butcher, Baby pulls over at a convenience store so Bats can run inside. Buddy and Darling (who are married) get kinky in the backseat. Darling mentions that Bats looked at her funny, which irks Buddy, and he asks if she wants him to kill Bats, but Darling says not before the heist. Bats then comes back with a whole box of stolen gum. The crew arrives at a warehouse to meet The Butcher and his thugs. The Butcher shows the crew his wide array of guns and rifles, and even some hand grenades. Bats notices the letters APD on the side of one of the gun boxes, leading him to realize The Butcher and his men are cops. Bats shoots The Butcher, forcing everyone into a shootout perfectly timed to "Tequila" by Button Down Brass. The crew kills the majority of The Butcher's guys, but Darling gets shot in the arm. Buddy and Darling chastise Bats for starting the shootout, but he tells them that they were cops. One guy stands up and nearly gets away, but the robbers shoot him, and Bats throws a grenade into his car for good measure. On the ride back to Doc's, Bats orders Baby to stop at Bo's Diner. Baby refuses for fear that they will hurt Debora, but Bats forces Baby to go there. Debora sees them but notices that Baby looks worried. She takes their order without letting the others know that she knows Baby, and vice versa. Buddy and Darling continue to get on Bats for what he did. As they get ready to leave, Bats asks Baby if he knows Debora. He says no. Bats gets up and pulls out his gun, but Baby grabs his hand before he does anything stupid. The crew leaves, and Baby hands Debora the check, her tip, and a note that says "Road Trip 2AM". The crew returns to Doc. He knows something went wrong. Bats tells him that The Butcher and his guys were cops, but Doc already knew that because they were on his payroll. Bats lies and says they shot first, which Buddy and Darling back up. When Doc asks if the heist should or should not happen, he turns to Baby, who reluctantly insists that the heist go as planned. Baby tries to sneak out at 2:00 AM to meet with Deborah, but he is followed by Buddy and Bats. When they get suspicious, Bats pulls out Baby's recorder and knocks him out. Baby wakes up at Doc's table as Bats and Buddy take out all of Baby's tapes from his apartment. Bats is riding Joseph's wheelchair, though he insists he didn't hurt Joseph. Doc questions Baby about the tapes, but he proves they are just music tapes when he plays the one he recorded earlier after the first heist. Meanwhile, Deborah is left waiting for Baby. The next morning, the crew heads to the post office to set the heist in motion. Buddy is supposed to take Darling hostage while Bats sneaks around the back. As Baby waits in the car, he sees the teller he met the previous day. She smiles and waves at him, but Baby shakes her head at her as if to warn her. The teller returns moments later with a guard. He taps on Baby's window just as the robbers return. Bats kills the guard, and the cops are on their way. The robbers press Baby to drive as he is hesitant. Bats aims his shotgun in Baby's face, so Baby hits the gas and drives forward into a truck with a steel bar sticking out, effectively impaling Bats. Baby, Buddy, and Darling all run for it. The cops chase Baby through the city, in a sequence timed to "Hocus Pocus" by Focus. Baby tries to change his appearance and steal different cars. Baby runs into Buddy and Darling again as the cops close in on them. The couple attempts to escape with Baby, but the cops have them surrounded. Darling shoots at the cops, and the cops return fire, killing her. Buddy becomes enraged and fires at the cops while Baby gets away. He takes the car of an old lady (Andrea Frye), but he gives her back her purse. She is astonished. Baby returns to his apartment to find Joseph on the floor, but he is okay. He grabs whatever money he can and brings Joseph to a nursing home. Baby apologizes to Joseph for failing him when he said he wouldn't let anything happen to him. Baby runs as the police are still searching for him. Baby runs to Bo's for Debora, only to find Buddy sitting at the counter with his gun. He wants Baby to pay for getting Darling killed, and he threatens Debora. A cop enters the diner, but he needs to use the restroom. Debora's co-worker comes out to ask how everything is, and when Buddy is distracted, Baby shoots him in the chest and runs away with Debora. They steal a car from two guys vaping and they head to Doc's. The cop then goes to check on Buddy, but Buddy shoots him dead. When Baby and Debora meet with Doc, he is preparing to cut his losses with Baby, but Baby pleads for Doc's help and tries giving him the money from the heist. Doc relents and lets Baby take the money so that he and Debora can get away. They head down the elevator and find some of The Butcher's guys with guns. Doc gets shot twice but he manages to kill all three men. Buddy then arrives in a stolen cop car, and he plays "Brighton Rock" by Queen out of his cars speakers, remarking that this is Baby's killer track. He runs Doc over twice as he tries to go after Baby and Debora. Baby tries shooting at Buddy before trying to get him with another car. Baby rams Buddy's car over the edge of the railing, sending it falling several floors down. However, Buddy got out in time, and he shoots around Baby's ears to deafen him. He goes for Debora, who has taken a crowbar and tries to get Buddy. Baby gathers himself and grabs his gun, shooting Buddy in the leg and causing him to fall over onto the burning car, which then explodes. In the morning, Debora is driving Baby far away while listening to the tape of Baby's mom singing. They then see that the police have formed a blockade, knowing they've caught Baby. Debora tries to get away, but Baby chooses to surrender. Baby goes on trial for his part in the heists. Testimonies are given from Debora, Joseph, the post office teller, and the lady whose car Baby stole. All of them regard Baby as a good kid who made some bad choices and never meant to hurt anyone. The judge sentences Baby to 25 years in prison, with the possibility of parole in five years. During his time in jail, Baby receives postcards from Debora, who has found out that Baby's real name is Miles. The cards are from places that they plan to see when Baby gets out. In an almost dream- like sequence, we then see what looks like Baby's fantasy from earlier with Debora waiting for him. However, the scene shifts from black-and-white to color, indicating it is now five years later and Baby is out of prison. He goes to Debora and kisses her. 