nm0010773:

 Pink Flamingos (1972)651) Notorious Baltimore criminal and underground figure Divine goes up against a sleazy married couple who make a passionate attempt to humiliate her and seize her tabloid-given title as "The Filthiest Person Alive". Sleaze queen Divine lives in a caravan with her mad hippie son Crackers and her 250-pound mother Mama Edie, trying to rest quietly on their laurels as 'the filthiest people alive'. But competition is brewing in the form of Connie and Raymond Marble, who sell heroin to schoolchildren and kidnap and impregnate female hitchhikers, selling the babies to lesbian couples. Finally, they challenge Divine directly, and battle commences... Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> Revelling in her undisputed success as the filthiest person alive, suddenly, the notorious beauty, Divine, finds herself forced to go underground after an in-depth cover story in one of the nation's sleaziest tabloids. Sporting a new look and going by the name of Babs Johnson, flamboyant Divine attempts to lie low until the trouble passes, holed up in her inconspicuous hideout along with her egg-loving mum, Miss Edie; sexually perverted son, Crackers; and trusted travelling companion, Cotton. In the meantime, unsuspecting Divine's sworn enemies, the villainous, green-with-envy Marbles, have spread their tentacles well beyond the city, trying their luck with abduction, pornography, drug-pushing, and all sorts of depravities. However, in this no-holds-barred battle for the coveted title, there can only be one winner. Who are the Filthiest People Alive? Nick Riganas The filthiest person alive, Divine, is using the codename Babs Johnson while living in a trailer in the woods with her mother Eddie, who loves eggs, her mad hippie son Crackers and her mate Cotton. The envious couple Connie and Raymond Marble, abduct and impregnate female hitchhikers to sell their babies to gay and lesbian couples. The money they make is invested in heroin that's sold in schools. They hire Cookie to have sex with Crackers and spy Divine to compete for the title of "the filthiest people alive". When the competition begins, Connie and Raymond Marble learn why Divine has this title. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In a trailer outside of Baltimore lives Divine, under the fake name Babs Johnson. Hiding from the press after being granted the title "filthiest person alive'', she also has her mom (Who idolizes eggs), her equally criminal son Crackers, and girlfriend Cotton. Despite occasional visits by neighborhood friendly Mr. Eggman, an upper-class couple name the Marbles do all they can do so they can be even filthier that Divine is. Now it's a battle between the filthiest. Josh R.S. Lech Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens on a view of a pink trailer that seems to be located in a clearing near a rural wooded area. A voiceover narrator identifying himself as Mr. J (John Waters) discusses the current status of "notorious beauty" Divine (Divine), who has gotten tabloid attention due to her criminal career. The tabloids have given Divine the title of "Filthiest Person Alive", and the coverage has forced her to disguise herself. She has adopted the alias of Babs Johnson and retreated to this rural trailer just outside Baltimore. She lives there with her son, Crackers (Danny Mills), and a young woman named Cotton (Mary Vivian Pearce), whom Mr. J identifies as Divine's "traveling companion". Also living in the trailer is Edie (Edith Massey), Divine's obese, senile mother. Inside the trailer, Edie has awakened and calls out to Babs; Edie sleeps in a playpen in the living room, wearing nothing but a bra, girdle and underpants. Edie demands that Babs bring her eggs, and we come to understand that Edie is obsessed with eggs. When Babs doesn't respond soon enough, Edie tries to get Cotton to bring her eggs. Babs appears first, wearing a garish outfit. Her hair is an unnatural bright yellow color, with an unusually high hairline and a fall attached. Babs and Edie have a brief discussion, with Babs being very patient and accomodating of her obviously feeble-minded mother. Edie calls the trailer a "train", and worries about when the Egg Man (Paul Swift) is going to stop by. Babs assures her that they still have eggs that she can prepare for her. Mr. J then discusses Connie (Mink Stole) and Raymond Marble (David Lochary), whom he calls "two jealous perverts" who are insanely jealous of Divine's fame. Connie is a strange looking woman with hair dyed bright red. We meet her as she is conducting a strange job interview in her home. She tells a young woman named Sandy Sandstone (Nancy Crystal) that she cannot offer her employment because she does not know enough about Divine; apparently, the Marbles intend to spy on Divine and learn details about her lifestyle. Connie is a snobbish woman who belittles Sandy and infuriates her until she storms out in a rage. The film cuts back and forth between Divine's family and the Marbles, as they progress on a collision course with one another. Divine and Crackers go into town to run errands in Divine's Coup De Ville. Along the way, they deliberately run a jogger (Steve Waters) off the road and pretend to pick up a soldier (Elia Katz) hitch-hiking home, pulling away at the last minute before he can get in the vehicle, much to the amusement of Divine. Connie then meets with a lesbian couple (one of them Pat Lefaiver) who have come to her to adopt a baby. While Connie is talking to them, she sends her servant, Channing (Channing Wilroy) into the basement. There are two young women imprisoned down there, one dead (Marina Melin) and one alive and enraged. The dead woman has just given birth and Channing takes the baby upstairs so Connie can sell it to the lesbian couple. Before he leaves, the surviving girl, Susie (Susan Walsh), verbally berates Channing and curses him for his role in her kidnapping. She, too, is pregnant, and Channing is the father. Channing impregnates the women and gets rid of the bodies when they die in childbirth. After she parks the car, Crackers goes off on his own to make a date he has with a young woman. In a small grocery store, Divine shoplifts a steak from the butcher counter by discarding the wrapping paper and concealing the meat under her dress between her legs. She strolls through downtown Baltimore and turns the heads of passersby, then walks through a suburban neighborhood and urinates on the front lawn of a large stately home. We then see Raymond Marble, whose long hair is dyed bright blue. Raymond has a fetish for indecent exposure; he lurks outside of an office building and follows two young women as they walk to a park to eat their lunch. Raymond sneaks up behind them while wearing a bizarre mask, then opens his long coat to reveal his penis hanging outside his pants with a long piece of sausage attached to it. The girls run off screaming and he takes the purses they have left behind. Later, Raymond and Connie welcome Cookie (Cookie Mueller) to their home. Cookie is a young woman who tells the Marbles that she can get them information about Divine because she is Crackers's date for the afternoon. The Marbles reveal their scheme: learn about Divine's private life and find the best way to disgrace her, while simultaneously seizing her title as "The Filthiest Person Alive". The Marbles tell Cookie about their baby ring, and they reveal that they also own several pornography shops and front money to heroin pushers in elementary schools. They feel that this is much filthier than Divine, and are resentful of the attention she has gotten. Cookie and Crackers go back to the trailer, where Cookie has a private conversation with Edie. Edie reveals that it is Babs's birthday and a party is planned. She also tells Cookie a few things about their home life. Meanwhile, Crackers excitedly talks to Cotton about his date, and tells her he has something special planned. Cotton is a voyeur who likes to watch Crackers in sex acts with women, and insists that Crackers never touch her personally. After introducing her to Cotton, Crackers takes Cookie to the little shed behind the trailer that he uses as a private bedroom. Inside, Crackers and Cookie are naked on the dirty cot, and Crackers shoves two live chickens at Cookie's nude body while she screams in horror. The chickens claw large scratches on her body, and in the process become crushed and killed between the bodies of Crackers and Cookie. Crackers slits the throat of one chicken and the blood gets all over the two of them. Cotton watches all of this from the window of the shed, shuddering in ecstasy. Immediately afterwards, the Egg Man pays a visit to the trailer, calling out as he arrives. Edie hears him and becomes excited, screaming out for him as if she's afraid he will not stop otherwise. Cotton arrives and invites the Egg Man to Babs's birthday party, then she buys all of the Egg Man's eggs for Edie. Back at the Marbles, Raymond and Connie are making love by sucking each others toes, and we can see that their pubic hair is dyed to match the bright blue and red color of their hair. A phone call from Cookie interrupts them and she gives them the information she has collected about Divine's living arrangement and her birthday party. "You have no idea what I had to go through to get that information!" she tells them. The Marbles are thrilled that they know personal details about Divine, and they send her a surprise package in the mail--the address simply reads "Babs Johnson, A Trailer, Phoenix, Maryland". At the trailer, Divine prepares the steak she shoplifted and feeds it to her family. A postman (Bob Skidmore) interrupts their dinner, and Divine confronts him angrily, furious that someone has dared to approach the trailer. When he runs off, she unwraps the package to discover human excrement inside. A birthday card announces that Divine is no longer The Filthiest Person Alive. Divine flies into a rage, swearing vengeance for the obscene gesture. Connie and Raymond kidnap Linda (Linda Olgeirson), another young woman, after picking her up while hitch-hiking. They drug her and have Channing place her in the basement, where Susie begins to rant at him again. Channing, who is disgusted that part of his job is to have sex with unconscious women and get them pregnant, has devised a new method: he masturbates into his hand and uses a syringe to inject the semen into Linda's vagina. Things progress. The Egg Man proposes marriage to Edie and she accepts, and he promises to take her to a large poultry factory for their honeymoon. The birthday party goes ahead as planned, with scores of guests indulging in all sorts of decadent behavior. Raymond and Connie, aware of the party, sneak up into the woods and watch from a distance as Divine snorts drugs with a friend, a woman performs a striptease with a snake, and in one of the movie's most memorable moments, a nude man throws his legs over his head an demonstrates his unusual ability to make his anus dilate rapidly over and over. Raymond and Connie are shocked at this display, and promptly phone the police to report Divine's party. The police arrive, but Divine and her group assassinate them with their bare hands, ripping their bodies apart and eating them raw as in "Night of the Living Dead". Connie and Raymond, gloating over the fact that they've called the cops on Divine, return home to discover Channing dressed in Connie's clothes, imitating both Raymond and Connie. Furious, they lock him in his "room", which is really just a closet. They then set out for their final act of vengeance: to burn down Divine's trailer. Raymond finds time to stop at the local park to commit another act of indecent exposure, but he is horrified when his victim, a lovely young woman putting on makeup in the park, opens her dress to reveal that "she" has male genitals. She laughs with glee as Raymond runs off. Divine and Crackers, having learned of the Marbles through gossip, invade the Marble residence, licking the furniture and rooms to "curse" the house. To further contaminate the dwelling, Divine and Crackers commit an act of incest, with Divine performing oral sex on him. They are interrupted by the sound of Channing, still locked inside the closet. They tie him up and intimidate him into telling them about Connie and Raymond. He also mentions the girls in the basement, and they take him downstairs to verify it. Sure enough, the imprisoned girls are there. Divine and Crackers disapprove of this variety of depravity committed by the Marbles, and they free the girls, allowing them to castrate Channing as an act of revenge. Meanwhile, the Marbles invade Divine's trailer, now empty due to Edie's departure with her new husband. They pour gasoline all over and ignite it, delighting in their final act of aggression toward their enemy. After the Marbles run off, Divine returns with Crackers and Cotton to find the trailer ablaze. Beside herself with sorrow and rage, she sets out to seize the Marbles immediately. When the Marbles return home, they discover their house has been contaminated. Their sofa and chair "reject" Connie and Raymond, spitting them onto the floor when they try and sit. The rest of the house reacts similarly as the Marbles walk through it in a panic. Discovering Channing's "room" empty, they wonder if he's set the girls free. In the basement pit, they find Channing's body, castrated and bled out. The girls are gone. Connie and Raymond assume the girls have sent for the police and they try to flee, but Divine, Cotton, and Crackers are waiting for them in the living room. They abduct the Marbles, tying them up and taping their mouths shut, and drag them back to the site of the trailer for a "trial" and execution. Divine summons the local tabloid press for exclusive coverage of the event. Representatives from three tabloids arrive and witness the mock trial for Connie and Raymond. Crackers and Cotton provide testimony and pronounce the verdict and punishment: guilty, with the death penalty to follow. After tarring and feathering the bound couple, Divine executes them with a handgun. The reporters thank her for the scoop and depart to write their articles, while Divine has a discussion with Cotton and Crackers about their next move. They decide to change their appearances and move to Boise. Mr. J discusses their reputation in the last scene of the movie, which depicts the trio preparing to leave Baltimore for Boise. Divine spots a small dog moving its bowels, and in one movement, she kneels down and picks up the excrement and puts it in her mouth, chewing it briefly before spitting it out. The camera zooms in for a closeup of her face as she smiles and ends the movie. Pat Moran...Patty Hitler (Party Guest In Nazi Uniform) Jack Walsh...Party Guest Jackie Sidel...Party Guest Julie Munshauer... Party Guest Steve Yeager... Nat Curzan from "The Tattler" George Figgs... Bongo player John Oden... Onlooker George Stoll... Onlooker David Gluck... Onlooker Elizabeth Coffey...Chick with a Dick Margie Donnelly...Onlooker Margie Skidmore...Brunette in park Berenica Cipcus... Blonde in park Iris Burman... Party Guest Randy Burman... Man at deli with hot dog pack / Party Guest Don Blumberg... Party Guest Vincent Peranio ... Musician at party Bob Adams... Police officer who gets shot Mark Lazarus... Officer David Lehman... Party Guest Catriona Maloney... Party Guest Richard Keller.. Cab Driver Charlie Swope... Party Guest Barry Golome...Party Guest Ed Peranio... Party Guest Elia Katz... Army Guy Billy Davis...Party Guest Howard Gruber... Party guest sniffing popper Van Smith... Guest at party in drag Chuck Yeaton... Deli clerk Laurie Birnbaum... Party Guest Lenny Taylor... Extra Trick Grantham... Party Guest Mark Isherwood... Party Guest Randy Damm... Party Guest Alan Reese... Party Guest Alberta Reese... Party Guest Cowboy Foulke... Party Guest David Sander... Party Guest Brigette Grey... Party Guest John Herndon... Party Guest Ellis Clark... Party Guest Joe Wilepski ...Party Guest Jimmy Hutzler... Party Guest Paul Landis... Party Guest Lawrence Irvine... Party Guest Max Mueller... Noodles (uncredited) 
 29 and Holding (2004)Summaries Mike Lesley and Jeff Smith are turning 30 and believe their care-free days are about to be over. Mike is the likeable slacker of the two. He is a substitute teacher who works well with kids, but would rather live on the golf course than be working. This infuriates his scheming long-time girlfriend, Cathy, and his banker father, Jack. They both want Mike to become a banker at Jack's office. Cathy's anger at Mike's inability to commit to the job drives her into another man's bed in an act of spite. Finding her in "the act" shocks Mike into a life crisis he's never faced before. In stark contrast to Mike is his high-strung friend, Jeff, who is a conservative pharmaceutical representative whose traditional nature finds him struggling with the values of modern society. Jeff is afraid of commitment and is unable to find the one thing he needs most, love, until Michelle, a beautiful nurse, walks into a coffee shop and into his life. Michelle is everything he has been looking for until, suddenly, his estranged father dies. The memories of his past float to the surface and Jeff spirals out of control until he must let go of what's holding him back or come to grips with the chance of losing Michelle forever.In the end, both characters find the truth of their lives and the strength to go after what they want, no matter what the risks of failure may bring. This light-hearted but realistic story will leave everyone saying "I remember those times!" Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Female Trouble (1974)431) A spoiled schoolgirl runs away from home, gets pregnant while hitch-hiking, and ends up as a fashion model for a pair of beauticians who like to photograph women committing crimes. The life and times of Dawn Davenport, showing her progress from loving schoolgirl to crazed mass murderer - all of which stems from her parents' refusal to buy her cha-cha heels for Christmas. She runs away from home, is raped, becomes a single mother, criminal and glamorous model before her inevitable rendezvous with the electric chair... Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> Dave Davenport is an overweight, angry teenager who loathes school along with her 2 friends. It's nearly Christmas and all she wants is cha-cha heels. When she doesn't get them for Christmas, she abandons her conventional suburban house and makes love with a greasy guy named Earl. She later gives birth to a daughter she names Taffy who she doesn't show her any respect. All Dawn does is commit crimes and gets her hair done at a saloon run by a married couple name the Dashers who believe in crime and beauty. They have Dawn become a crime model while Taffy and next door neighbor Ida Nelson try to stop her. Josh R.S. Lech Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dawn Davenport (Divine) is a rebellious bad-girl teenager who smokes cigarettes, uses hairspray, and doesn't care about school. Dawn and her two best friends, Chicklette (Susan Walsh) and Concetta (Cookie Mueller), discuss the upcoming Christmas holiday. All three of them intend on using Christmas simply for financial gain, but Dawn has something particular in mind; she has requested "cha cha heels", and she assures her two friends that there will be trouble if her parents let her down. Christmas morning, Dawn's very square parents wake her up to open presents, and Dawn makes a beeline for a certain package the size of a shoebox; it does contain shoes, but not cha-cha heels. "Nice girls don't wear cha-cha heels!" exclaims Dawn's father, but Dawn is furious. She stomps on the rest of the Christmas presents, hurls her mother into the Christmas tree, and curses her parents, running away from home. Outside in her nightgown, coat and slippers on Christmas morning, she is picked up by a sleazy-looking man named Earl Peterson (also played by Divine). Earl takes her to a dump and has sex with her on a dirty mattress, and Dawn steals his wallet. Nine months later, Dawn is living in a cheap hotel and very pregnant. She phones Earl at work and demands money, but he hangs up on her. Dawn stumbles back into the hotel and immediately gives birth to a baby girl she names Taffy, cutting the umbilical cord with her own teeth. Years later, Taffy is an obnoxious preteen girl, and Dawn is working in a number of jobs, including a waitress, a stripper, and a prostitute. She also is a petty thief, working together with Chicklette and Concetta. After Taffy erupts with some particularly annoying behavior, the frustrated Dawn gets Chicklette and Concetta to help chain the child to her bed in the attic. Dawn is despondent about the pressures of being a mother, and Chicklette and Concetta encourage her to pamper herself by getting her hair done at The Lipstick Beauty Salon, where patrons must audition for an appointment. Dawn is immediately favored by the snobbish owners of The Lipstick, Donald and Donna Dasher (David Lochary and Mary Vivian Pearce). She also gets her hair done by Gator Nelson (Michael Potter), who proposes marriage the same day. Gator just happens to be Dawn's next-door neighbor, where he lives with his Aunt Ida (Edith Massey), an obese, elderly woman who dresses outrageously and encourages her nephew to be gay. Aunt Ida is heartbroken when Dawn and Gator get married, and she clashes with Dawn repeatedly thereafter. Dawn and Gator are married for five years before things start to fall apart. Gator cheats on her with various women, while Ida harasses her by doing things like dumping garbage in her back yard. Taffy grows into a strange teenager who likes to play "car accident", where she re-enacts fatal car crashes using props. One day, after a bad fight with Gator (he places a carrot in Dawn's mouth during sexual climax), Dawn goes to get her hair done and is called into the private quarters of the Dashers, who inform her that they want her to be a model for them. The Dashers are obsessed with crime and feel that it is connected to beauty, and they ask that Dawn be their "crime model". In return, she gets special treatment and they immediately honor her request to fire Gator. Gator becomes enraged and decides to leave Baltimore for Detroit, so that he can become part of the auto industry. Aunt Ida, who is still trying to fix Gator up with other men, becomes insane with sadness. Before Gator leaves, he punches Dawn in the face and gives her a black eye. The Dashers join her at her home for dinner that evening and are thrilled by her black eye, photographing it. Taffy embarasses Dawn by starting an argument, and Dawn smashes a chair over her back, rendering her unconscious. The Dashers are thrilled, photographing the fight, but they are even more excited when Aunt Ida forces her way into the house and hurls acid in Dawn's face, scarring her for life. After Dawn recovers from her wounds, her face is horribly mutilated, but the Dashers convince her that her wounds are 'beauty marks', and she refuses plastic surgery. They also redecorate her home and buy her new clothes. Dawn's final treat is Ida herself, kidnapped and imprisoned in a bird cage for Dawn's amusement. Taffy enrages Dawn by insisting that Dawn tell her the whereabouts of her father, Earl, but when Taffy finds him, he makes drunken sexual advances towards her. As a result, Taffy stabs him to death and runs from the scene. The Dashers escalate their experiment with Dawn, injecting her with liquid eyeliner and telling her it is like drugs. Dawn is so influenced by them that she no longer knows what is real and what isn't. They design a stage show for her, and on opening night she is visited backstage by Taffy, who has converted to a hare krishna. Dawn strangles her to death in front of the Dashers and her friends, who cheer her on. On stage, Dawn fires a gun into the crowd, killing an audience member. A riot breaks out, with several more audience members killed in the melee. The Dashers are arrested, but Dawn escapse and hides out in the woods. She isn't a fugitive for long; she is found and brought back to Baltimore for trial. Dawn feels no remorse for her crime, considering the trial the highest reward for her 'career', but she is outraged when the Dashers turn tail and try to deny their involvement in everything. For their testimony they are granted immunity, and Dawn gets the death sentence. Her stint in jail leads her to believe she is a superstar, and her criminal celebrity will endure after she is dead. As they strap Dawn into the electric chair, she launches into a speech where she thanks everybody for this crowning moment, and they throw the switch, killing her. 
 Strictly Ballroom (1992)321) A maverick dancer risks his career by performing an unusual routine and sets out to succeed with a new partner. Scott Hastings is a champion caliber ballroom dancer, but much to the chagrin of the Australian ballroom dance community, Scott believes in dancing "his own steps". Fran is a beginning dancer and a bit of an ugly duckly who has the audacity to ask to be Scott's partner after his unorthodox style causes his regular partner to dance out of his life. Together, these two misfits try to win the Australian Pan Pacific Championships and show the Ballroom Confederation that they are wrong when they say, "there are no new steps!" Rowena Young Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Strictly Ballroom is a romantic comedy telling the story of an Australian ballroom dancer, Scott Hastings. Scott comes from a family with a history of ballroom dancing and has been training since childhood. He has become very proficient but he encounters considerable resistance when he tries to dance his own steps in preference to the more traditional ballroom moves. Scott's steps are not strictly ballroom. His dancing partner Liz leaves him, and he eventually finds a new dancing partner, and love, with the plain and ordinary dancing student Fran. At the Pan-Pacific Grand Prix, it is discovered that the competition has been fixed by Barry Fife, chairman of the Australian Dancing Federation. Fife disqualifies Hastings and Fran, but they dance anyway and practically bring down the house dancing the Paso Doble, which they have learned from Fran's father and grandmother. In the end, it is not revealed whether Scott and Fran win or lose, as in the story, that is not an important factor. A sub-plot involves Scott's discovery of his parents' hidden past - they too had been ballroom dancing champions until Scott's father (now a quiet and retiring type) had attempted to flout convention with novel dance steps. 