nm0011664:

 Glitch (20152019)Summaries Six people return from the dead with no memory and attempt to unveil what brought them to the grave in the first place. A police officer in a small town is called out to the local cemetery in the middle of the night. He makes a discovery that turns his world upside down: six people have risen from the dead in perfect health. Bisho James Hayes (Patrick Brammall) is a small town policeman. He is called to the local cemetery in the middle of the night, after six people have inexplicably risen from the dead in perfect health. With no memory of their identities, they are determined to discover who they are and what has happened to them. James and one of them recognise each other, and along with local doctor Elishia McKellar (Genevieve O'Reilly), James struggles to keep the case hidden from his colleagues, his family, and the world. The six people are all linked in some way, and the search begins for someone who knows the truth about how and why they have returned. Sikured419 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 One Night the Moon (2001)Summaries Based on the true story of a young girl who went missing in the Australian outback in 1932. The Australian Outback - 1932. Entranced by the moon, a young girl steps out of her bedroom window. When her parents check on her, she is gone. The police suggest aboriginal tracker Albert lead the search, but the father revolts - insisting - no black-fella is to set foot on my land. Instead, he gathers together as many white men as he can find, and conducts a line search across the desolate plains in search of the child. Albert watches helplessly as her every trace is stamped to dust. Sometime later, the daughter is still missing, and the mother makes a decision to take responsibility into her own hands, to reconcile the loss of her child. She goes to find Albert... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blue Heelers (19942006)Summaries The series primarily focuses on the daily lives of Victorian police officers working at a police station in the fictional small town of Mount Thomas. The most popular local production on Australian television, Blue Heelers is a weekly police drama based on a fictional bush town called Mount Thomas. Every week there is a different case for Sergeant Tom Croydon, Senior Constable Nick Schultz, Senior Detective PJ Hasham, and Constables Maggie Doyle, Dash McKinley and Adam Cooper to solve. Continuing storylines about the personal lives and relationships of these characters filter into each episode. Enoch Law <eytl@rocketmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Winners & Losers (20112016)Summaries The lives of four best friends bound together by their shared experience of being "the losers" in high school. Now ten years later the women are about to become winners, but at what cost? Four friends, branded "the losers" in high school, are thrown back together at their ten year reunion. When they find themselves still hiding from the school bully in the toilets it seems like nothing has changed for them - until fate steps in with a winning lottery ticket. But will their new-found fortune really change their lives or will their losing streak come back to haunt them? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 