nm0000371:

 General Hospital (1963 )44) Families, friends, enemies, and lovers experience life-changing events in the large upstate city of Port Charles, New York, which has a busy hospital, upscale hotel, cozy diner, and dangerous waterfront frequented by the criminal underworld. Events in this daytime drama are centered in Port Charles, a community on the coast in upper New York. On-going plots are centered around the people who work in General Hospital, people who work in the business community (most notably for the Quartermaines' company E.L.Q.), and some sort of international intrigue involving former Agents of the W.S.B. (World Security Bureau). Big plots of the past include Luke (Anthony Geary) and Laura's (Genie Francis') wedding and Mikkos Cassadine's (John Colicos') evil weather machine. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Skye Quartermaine (Robin Christopher) headlines a show about the residents of Port Charles, New York. Once a show about the drama inside a city hospital, General Hospital has evolved into a show where the hospital has been nearly phased out. Stories focus on the upper-crust Quartermaines, led by Skye Quartermaine, her brothers A.J. (Billy Warlock) and Jason (Steve Burton), father Alan (Stuart Damon), stepmother Monica (Leslie Charleson), and grandparents Edward (John Ingle) and Lila (Anna Lee). Other stories involve mob boss Michael "Sonny" Corinthos (Maurice Bernard), his wife Carly (Laura Wright), and one-time girlfriend Brenda (Vanessa Marcil). Matthew Callahan The General Hospital of today centers on Kelly's Diner, Michael "Sonny" Corinthos' (Maurice Bernard's) penthouse, the Quartermaine house, and sometimes the hospital. Once a show based around the hospital and its employees, it is now centered on the mob. Maurice Bernard headlines the show about some of the residents of the fictitious town of Port Charles, New York. Stories focus on Sonny and how his life affects the people around him, mainly his wife Carly (Laura Wright), his main hit man and best friend Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) (formally Quartermaine) and Sonny's recently acquired twenty-one-year-old sister Courtney (Alicia Leigh Willis). Other story lines that may be featured will focus on the quirky Quartermaines, which include Skye (Robin Christopher), A.J. (Billy Warlock), Ned (Wally Kurth), Edward (John Ingle), and Emily (Natalia Livingston). Promising story lines on the show at the moment are the stories of Elizabeth Webber (Rebecca Herbst) and Richard "Ric" Lansing (Rick Hearst) and the current teen story line. Mickey It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pumpkinhead II: Blood Wings (1993)Summaries Thrill-seeking teenagers resurrect a demon from his grave and a bloody rampage for revenge begins. After a group of teenagers indirectly cause an old witch to be burned, they accidently revive Pumpkinhead. This time Pumpkinhead is inhabited by the soul of a deformed orphan killed 30 years before. He goes on a bloody rampage after his tormentors and the teenagers. Meanwhile, a local sheriff tries to solve the mystery and stop the murders. Parca Mortem <icy_shadow@rocketmail.com> The soul of the deformed boy that was killed is re-awakened in the form of a grotesque monster that seeks revenge against those who originally killed him and against the teens who brought him back. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Can't Buy Me Love (1987)55) An outcast secretly pays the most popular girl in school one thousand dollars to pretend to be his girlfriend for a month. Ronald Miller is tired of being a nerd, and makes a deal with one of the most popular girls in school to help him break into the "cool" clique. He offers her a thousand dollars to pretend to be his girlfriend for a month. It succeeds, but he soon learns that the price of popularity may be higher than he expected. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> Ronald Miller runs in the geek crowd. Although his best friend Kenneth Wurman embraces their geek status, Ronald wants to be popular, especially on the eve of their senior year at high school, which he sees as the most pivotal period in their social lives. Although he wants to be friends with all the cool kids, he especially pines after head cheerleader Cindy Mancini. He and Cindy and many of the kids have known each other since they were children, when they were all friends, but high school changed the social circles in which they traveled. Ronald seizes upon what he sees as an opportunity when he sees Cindy in a financial bind (at least in her own mind). He offers her a proposition: he will get her out of that $1,000 bind - money he worked all summer for to buy a telescope - as "rent" for her services as a girlfriend for one month, so that he can infiltrate the "in" crowd at their school. Regardless of the facts that she doesn't think the ploy will work and finds the thought of hanging out with him abhorrent, she reluctantly agrees. Through the process, both Ronald and Cindy will truly evaluate their past lives and to where they thought they were going, that future for Cindy which included waiting for her football playing boyfriend Bobby, who is away at college. Huggo To try and get out of his nerdy set, Ronald offers Cindy, cheerleader and school's most popular girl, a deal. She urgently needs $1,000 which he will let her have if she dates him for a month. Being desperate she grudgingly accepts, and soon starts to actually like him. But she finds his plan of becoming number one guy has worked and he has other fish to fry. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Ronald Miller has had a crush on the beautiful Cindy Mancini for years - who doesn't even know his name. Cindy's idea of a Saturday night includes parties while Ronald's is poker games. In addition, Cindy is dating the former football star turned college pro - who has been giving her the cold shoulder. Cindy finds herself in a desperate situation when she borrows her mother's $1000 suede dress, without permission, and ruins it. The only person who has the money to replace the dress, without her mother finding out, is Ronald. However, Ronald tells her that the only condition for him giving her the money is if she poses as his girlfriend for a month. As the month passes, she begins to show an interest in Ronald. But he is so consumed with popularity, he is blind to her feelings. In addition, he also begins to join in with his new "friends" in taunting his old friends. Can Ronald find his way before he loses Cindy and everyone he cares about? Theresa It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Witchboard 2 (1993)Summaries A beautiful young woman starts receiving messages through a ouija board, claiming to be from the former occupant of her apartment. The former tenant claims she's been murdered, but there's no record of a murder or even her death. Rob Hartill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 