nm0002077:

 Eddie the Eagle (2015)541) The story of Eddie Edwards, the notoriously tenacious British underdog ski jumper who charmed the world at the 1988 Winter Olympics. Inspired by true events, Eddie the Eagle is a feel-good story about Michael "Eddie" Edwards (Taron Egerton), an unlikely but courageous British ski-jumper who never stopped believing in himself - even as an entire nation was counting him out. With the help of a rebellious and charismatic coach (played by Hugh Jackman), Eddie takes on the establishment and wins the hearts of sports fans around the world by making an improbable and historic showing at the 1988 Calgary Winter Olympics. From producers of Kingsman: The Secret Service, Eddie the Eagle stars Taron Egerton as Eddie, the loveable underdog with a never say die attitude. 20th Century Fox In 1973, ten-year-old Eddie Edwards dreams of Olympic glory, practicing in various Olympic events and failing miserably. His mother unconditionally supports him, while his father constantly discourages him. As a young teen, he gives up his dream of participating in the Summer Games in favor of skiing in the Winter Games. Although successful at the sport, he is rejected by British Olympic officials for being uncouth. Realizing he could make the team as a ski jumper (a sport in which the United Kingdom had not participated in six decades), he decamps to a training facility in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany. The more seasoned jumpers, specifically those on the Norwegian team, belittle him.. A semi-fictional account of the rise to fame of Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is told, he, since a young age, whose aspiration to be an Olympian far stronger than the odds against him in not being very athletic, not being very coordinated, being nearsighted, and not having the meaningful support, financial or otherwise, to achieve the goal, besides the emotional support of his mother who did not want to burst the dreams of a child. By 1987, at age twenty-two, he managed to teach himself an Olympic sport which he performed adequately, namely downhill skiing. Regardless, he is told by the British Olympic Committee that he would not only not make the 1988 British Olympic ski team, this the one and only year he would even have a shot in being prime age, but that he never would in just not having enough inherent talent as an athlete. In learning that the Brits are not and have not fielded a team since the 1920s and that under existing British Olympic Committee rules he would only need to have completed a sanctioned competition to qualify, Eddie decides instead to change sports to make it into the 1988 Winter Olympics despite never haven participated in the sport at all before: ski jumping, he traveling to Garmisch, Germany to learn how to do it. Added to the list of positives fighting the odds against is the needed attribute of fearlessness. Unlike the self teaching he has done before with skiing and other sports, Eddie quickly discovers that that will only take him so far in not even being able to jump the smaller Olympic hill, the 70m, without that help. He is able to secure a "coach" of sorts, Bronson Peary, despite Bronson not totally agreeing with Eddie's motives. Bronson is a black sheep like Eddie in being an American ex-jumper from the 1970s who fell out of favor with the sport's establishment, including his then coach Warren Sharp , Bronson now an alcoholic and piste driver at Garmisch, where no one except the all knowing Petra, a server at a local bar, knows his truth. But with every step forward Eddie and Bronson are able to take, they hit one wall after another, from the British Olympic Committee, other athletes, especially members of the British Olympic team and other ski jumpers, and his father, who only wants him to focus on a real life and not an unachievable pipe dream. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eddie the Eagle (Grint) is a very British hero, i.e., not very good, goofy and endearing. The film plots Eddie's entry as the only British ski jump competitor in the 1988 Calgary Olympics. Easily the worst competitor, Eddie becomes a fan favourite. His path to glory is strewn with anecdotal stories, slapstick moments and other antics. To paraphrase Eddie, "I realised two years before the Olympics that I might be able to get to Calgary because no one else was going to apply and so started training. I got a lot of advice from Austrian and French ski-jumping coaches, but because I can't speak French or German, a lot of it went over my head." A legend was born 
 Rocketman (I) (2019)211) A musical fantasy about the fantastical human story of Elton John 's breakthrough years. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with superstar rocker Elton Hercules John (Taron Egerton) walking into a room while wearing a gaudy orange devil-type outfit like he's about to perform. It turns out he is really attending a group meeting for addicts. He sits down to join the group and explains that he is a drug and sex addict, plus an alcoholic, and he wants to get better before it gets worse. The group coordinator asks Elton to talk about his childhood. Starting with a series of flashbacks, Elton, then known simply as his birth name Reginald Kenneth "Reggie" Dwight (here played by Matthew Illesley), was a shy but polite child living in suburban Middlesex county in the 1950s ("The Bitch is Back") with his emotionally vacant mother Sheila Eileen (Bryce Dallas Howard) and more loving grandmother Ivy (Gemma Jones). His domineering father Stanley (Steven Mackintosh) is even worse than his mother, as he constantly controls his son's actions and doesn't even bother with showing him affection. Reggie then starts to take an interest in music, and so Sheila and Ivy sign him up for piano lessons. In a jump forward to the 1960s, as a teenager (now played by Kit Connor), Reggie starts to attend a music academy in London to improve his skills. At one point, Reggie catches Sheila in a car with another man, Fred (Tom Bennett). Stanley finds out and uses it as an opportunity to leave for good. Reggie is distraught that Stanley didn't even bother to say goodbye to him. Reggie then plays at a nearby pub in front of Sheila and Ivy, plus a bunch of rude drunks. He shows off his talent ("Saturday Night's Alright For Fighting") and grows into a performer where he joins his own band, Bluesology. The group gets booked to do shows for two quid a week each. They meet and play with another musician named Wilson (Jason Pennycooke) and his group. Reggie takes notes from him, and also starts to take his sexuality into account when Wilson kisses him before a show one night. Reggie even considers changing his name, taking "Elton" from the band's sax player Elton Dean (Evan Walsh), who doesn't approve of Reggie taking the name idea. Reggie then answers an ad from music executive Ray Williams (Charlie Rowe) and meets with him. He plays a bit of the piano for him and impresses Ray, and when he asks his name, Reggie officially calls himself Elton John (taking "John" from a framed picture of The Beatles' John Lennon). Ray's boss Dick James (Stephen Graham) comes in and orders Ray out of his office. Before Elton leaves, Ray gives him a folder with written songs in it and tells him to look them over. Now officially known as Elton John, he then contacts the songs' writer, Bernie Taupin (Jamie Bell). The two meet for the first time in a restaurant where they express a shared love for music by singing "Streets of Laredo". The two live separately and collaborate for music, but when they present the songs to Dick, he calls it all rubbish and suggests the two live together so that they can work together and know how to write better music. Elton and Bernie then find a place to live in, and Elton begins to see their landlady, Arabella. However, Wilson and his band-mates know Elton is actually gay. He asks Bernie if he would have a problem with that, and Bernie sincerely tells him he has no problem with it. Unfortunately, when Arabella finds out, she kicks both men out, forcing them to go back and live with Sheila. Elton and Bernie start to create music that Dick loves ("Your Song"), and he books them shows in America at The Troubadour. They travel with Ray and meet the club's manager Doug Weston (Tate Donovan). Just before their debut performance, Elton hides in the bathroom and gets nervous when he hears that already established acts are performing before him, but Ray and Bernie make him go out to play. Elton gets behind the piano and starts to play "Crocodile Rock", which the whole audience loves and joins him onstage to dance to. Later, the guys attend a party at Mama Cass's where Elton meets music producer John Reid (Richard Madden). He liked what he heard from Elton, but also appears to have more than a musical interest in him. The two go to a room where they have sex. Upon returning to the UK, Elton and Bernie part ways with a dismayed Dick and Ray to start working for Reid. He helps build Elton's career and helps him skyrocket to superstar status. Meanwhile, Elton continues to struggle with personal problems. He pays Stanley a visit in his new home and sees that he has two young sons that he seems to care for more than he ever did with Elton. Stanley shows Elton that he has a record of his and asks if he could sign it, but rather for a co-worker of his instead of himself. As Elton leaves Stanley for the last time, he sees the man pick up one of his sons affectionately, bringing Elton to tears. In the present day as he recounts this, he becomes angered and throws his chair, and also starts to gradually shed his outfit. Elton is seen recording "Don't Go Breaking My Heart" with Kiki Dee (Rachel Muldoon), but he has them take a quick break so that he and Reid can have sex in a nearby room. On their way to a show, Elton orders the driver to stop a car so he can run to a phone booth and call Sheila to come out to her. She says she has always known and doesn't really care about it, but she tells her son that he is choosing to be alone forever. After the call, Reid shows his more abusive and controlling side by ordering Elton to get himself together and perform. Elton even later catches him receiving a blowjob from his secretary. To hide his sorrows and insecurities, Elton starts to drink, do drugs, and wear flashy but ridiculous outfits. Elton starts to become more emotionally unstable and depressed. During a party, he takes a handful of pills and a large swig of vodka before going to the pool to announce to everyone that he is going to kill himself. He falls into the pool and lets himself sink to the bottom where he sees a vision of himself as a child playing "Rocketman". The other party-goers and medics pull Elton out of the water and have his stomach pumped. This transitions to him performing "Rocketman" in concert. Sometime later in the 1980's, Elton meets Renate Blauel (Celine Schoenmaker) and later marries her, but the marriage quickly proves to be a loveless sham, and they divorce soon enough. Elton finds out that Reid has been skimming money from his record sales. He wants to get rid of John, but the smug prick reminds him that he'll still be collecting his 20% even if Elton kills himself. Elton later has dinner with Sheila and Fred (whom she has long since married), which turns sour quick when they get into an argument, and Sheila says she has always found being his mother to be an embarrassment. This carries over to Elton and Bernie getting into a fight. Elton is set to perform at Madison Square Garden in the devil outfit he was seen in earlier, but as he starts to do some coke, his nose starts to bleed. Realizing he has a serious problem, he bails from the concert and heads to the group therapy session. With him finished telling his story, he then has a vision of every major person in his life (Sheila, Stanley, Ivy, Bernie, and Reid) talking to him. Ivy remains encouraging, and Elton says he no longer cares for his parents' opinions. He also doesn't feel controlled by Reid anymore, and he remains firm in his friendship with Bernie. He then sees his younger self and gives him the hug he always wanted. Elton later stays in a rehab center where he is visited by Bernie, who calls Elton his brother. Elton later gets better and continues to perform ("I'm Still Standing"). The final text states that Elton John has been sober for nearly 30 years. He organized a charity for people around the world with AIDS, and he has found love for the last 25 years with David Furnish. He and Bernie Taupin have been collaborating for the last 50 years, and they remain great friends to this day. Elton has recently retired from touring to focus on raising his sons Zachary and Elijah with David. 
 Bohemian Rhapsody (2018)651) The story of the legendary British rock band Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury , leading up to their famous performance at Live Aid (1985) . Bohemian Rhapsody is a foot-stomping celebration of Queen, their music and their extraordinary lead singer Freddie Mercury. Freddie defied stereotypes and shattered convention to become one of the most beloved entertainers on the planet. The film traces the meteoric rise of the band through their iconic songs and revolutionary sound. They reach unparalleled success, but in an unexpected turn Freddie, surrounded by darker influences, shuns Queen in pursuit of his solo career. Having suffered greatly without the collaboration of Queen, Freddie manages to reunite with his bandmates just in time for Live Aid. While bravely facing a recent AIDS diagnosis, Freddie leads the band in one of the greatest performances in the history of rock music. Queen cements a legacy that continues to inspire outsiders, dreamers and music lovers to this day. Twentieth Century Fox Bohemian Rhapsody is a movie based on the true story of Queen's journey from the start of the rock band to their now-legendary 1985 performance at the Live Aid concert in Wembley Stadium. The story chronicles lead singer Freddie Mercury's tempestuous journey from an outcast immigrant struggling to find his place in a rejecting society to his becoming a beloved and world-famous artist. In 1970s London, the poor baggage handler at Heathrow Airport--the fiercely ambitious and talented Indian Parsi refugee, Farrokh Bulsara--sees a golden opportunity when the lead singer of the local band, Smile, decides to quit. With an incredible vocal range and a new name, the humble Zanzibar boy becomes Freddie Mercury --and along with the guitarist, Brian May ; the drummer, Roger Taylor , and the bassist, John Deacon --they form the extremely successful British rock band, Queen . However, against the backdrop of the towering fame, the irrevocable bad decisions, and the fateful AIDS diagnosis, the Queen will have to reunite just in the nick of time for an extraordinary twenty-minute appearance at London's Wembley Stadium, during the 1985 Live Aid (1985) concert. Nick Riganas Bohemian Rhapsody conjoins four major worlds concerning the rise of British rock band Queen during the nineteen seventies and eighties; we see a glimpse into their world of tours and the making of their 1975 album "A Night at the Opera", dealings within the music business and their respective loves and hates and highs and lows, the life of its charismatic leadman Freddie Mercury, his lovers' and challenge with the AIDS HIV virus and their performance at London's Wembley Stadium at the 1985 world televised broadcast Live Aid concert. Cinema_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with preparations being made for the historic Live Aid concert in 1985. As the stage is set, running to the front is the legendary rock star, Freddie Mercury (Rami Malek). In a flashback to 1970, Freddie is seen working as a baggage handler at London's Heathrow Airport. He lives with his parents Jer (Meneka Das) and Bomi (Ace Bhatti), and sister Kashmira (Priya Blackburn), and lives as Farrokh Bulsara, but he prefers to be called Freddie. Freddie attends a show at a club to see a band called 'Smile' perform. After the show, members Brian May (Gwilym Lee) and Roger Taylor (Ben Hardy) are told by their front man Tim Staffell (Jack Roth) tells them that he wants out of the band to pursue bigger opportunities. As he looks for the band, Freddie meets Mary Austin (Lucy Boynton) and compliments her scarf, which she says is from the store she works at. Freddie then approaches Brian and Roger after the show to compliment their performance and offer to be their new singer. They seem unconvinced at first, especially with Freddie's large teeth, but Freddie sings for a moment to show off what he can do. Freddie joins Brian and Roger, along with their new bassist John Deacon, or "Deaky" (Joseph Mazzello). Someone in the audience comments on Tim's absence and replacement with a "paki". After a bit of an awkward start, Freddie shows off his talent, despite singing some of the lyrics a bit incorrectly. A year later, the band is getting steady work performing gigs across England, and Freddie has been dating Mary. After their van breaks down, Freddie proposes that they sell it to record their first album, and they start to go by the band name 'Queen'. Mary and the guys have lunch at Freddie's home, joined by Mary's deaf father. Jer tells the guests how their family were originally from Zanzibar until they were chased out of there. Freddie then answers the phone and tells the guys that a music manager named John Reid (Aiden Gillen), who works with Elton John, has listened to their demo and wants to meet and manage Queen, to the excitement of the other guys. The band meets with Reid, who introduces them to Paul Prenter (Allen Leech), another manager. Reid gets the band to go on a popular BBC show to perform "Killer Queen", but they initially clash with the show's producers for wanting them to perform the way the network wants them to (mainly lip-syncing the song). 1975 At home, Freddie proposes to Mary, who accepts. The other guys come in to tell Freddie that Reid has booked the band a tour of America. The band embarks on their U.S. tour to ecstatic sold-out concerts. They also hire lawyer Jim Beach (Tom Hollander), or "Miami" as Freddie prefers. The band, plus Reid and Beach, meet with EMI's record producer Ray Foster (Mike Myers) to make their next album. Freddie proposes something similar to an experience of going to the opera, and so he wants to call it "A Night at the Opera." The band stays together as they work toward their next big hit. While trying to write new songs, Paul approaches Freddie and kisses him. Although he doesn't try to resist, Freddie tries to make it seem like he doesn't feel somewhat similarly toward Paul, who claims he knows Freddie as well as he knows himself. Despite some disagreements, the band comes to create "Bohemian Rhapsody". They play it for Foster, who thinks it's too long at six minutes and is comprised of nonsense words. He would rather use Roger's "I'm in Love With My Car" or "You're My Best Friend" to be the main single on the album over "Bohemian Rhapsody", since he thinks those songs would play better with a young demographic while no radio station will want to play a long song. Queen decide to turn their backs on Foster and EMI. Freddie takes "Bohemian Rhapsody" to DJ Kenny Everett (Dickie Beau) to play it for the very first time to the public. It receives mixed to outright scathing reviews, but it becomes one of the band's biggest hits that they play at venues all over the world. After the world tour, Freddie meets with Mary, whom he had been distancing himself from on the road. He comes out to Mary as bisexual, but she tells him she thinks he's gay. She starts to cry as she is tired of all of Freddie's excuses, and she breaks up with him. 1980 Freddie cuts his hair short and sports his now famous mustache. He owns his own home next to Mary, but he appears to be lonely. He calls Paul to arrange a party and invite a bunch of strangers. Freddie invites the band, but he starts to behave all crass and rudely toward them, prompting them to leave. After the party, Freddie gropes a waiter, Jim Hutton (Aaron McCusker). Although he offends Jim, Freddie apologizes and invites him to stay. The two chat and share a kiss before Jim leaves, but he invites Freddie to find him after he's found himself. Brian comes up with a new song that he thinks will encourage the audience to perform along with the band - "We Will Rock You". Sure enough, it becomes another smash hit. After one of Queen's performances, Paul approaches Reid and suggests that they try and get Freddie to go solo. Meanwhile, Freddie finds Mary with her new boyfriend David (Max Bennett). On the way home from the show, Reid offers the solo deal to Freddie, but it only enrages him to even think about leaving the band, and Freddie fires Reid. Freddie's behavior gets worse as he shows up to rehearsals late and almost fights with Roger. However, for all that rancor, the band remains productive: they settle their arguments as Deaky creates a catchy new bass line that inspires a new hit, "Another One Bites The Dust". The band goes to a press conference where reporters hound Freddie with questions about his sex life and orientation, due to ongoing rumors that he has been engaging in gay orgies. He appears too overwhelmed and dazed to properly answer questions when he is not being rude to the reporters. Queen then does a video for "I Want To Break Free", which gets banned by MTV for featuring the group in drag. Later, Freddie tries to get in touch with Jim, but finds that there are a large number of Jim Huttons in the phone book. Freddie later confesses to the others that he signed a $4 million solo contract with CBS Records, which deeply upsets the others. As Freddie leaves, Brian tells Freddie that he needs them more than he realizes. 1984 Freddie moves to Munich, West Germany to record his solo album, "Mr. Bad Guy". One night, he is visited by Mary, who says she is pregnant. She tries to convince Freddie to rejoin the band as they have been offered a spot to perform at the Live Aid benefit concert for Africa. Mary leaves, but Freddie confronts Paul about not telling him about Live Aid. He breaks up with Paul and demands that he never see him again. In retaliation, Paul goes on TV to discuss his sexual relations with Freddie. Freddie gets in touch with Beach and manages to get the others together to discuss joining Live Aid. He apologizes to the guys for his behavior and abandoning them. Beach tells them that the lineup is fully booked, but he talks to Bob Geldof and convinces him to let them perform, and they all agree under the condition that anything they come up with be credited to Queen as a whole and not to any individual one of them. The band starts to practice for the show, but Freddie falls ill. He sees a doctor and gets the diagnosis that he tested positive for AIDS. Freddie tells the band about it, but he doesn't want them to feel bad for him as long as they can continue to perform together as friends. They all then get together for a group hug. 1985 The day of Live Aid has arrived. Freddie finds Jim and invites him to come see the show. He visits his family and shows them love before heading to the performance. Bomi decides he will want to watch the show on TV with his family. While at the show, Mary and David arrive, and Jim joins them backstage to watch the show. It is now Queen's turn to perform. They start with "Bohemian Rhapsody", where Freddie blows a kiss to the camera for his family. The next song is "Radio Ga Ga", followed by "Hammer To Fall", and finally "We Are The Champions", where people watching everywhere sing along to. Numerous calls for pledges come in, bringing in over 1 million, and Queen's performance is so epic that it drives many viewers to tears. After the performance, the guys walk away like true champions. The final text states that Freddie Mercury died in 1991 from AIDS-related pneumonia at age 45. He was in a relationship with Jim Hutton for the rest of his life, and he remained good friends with Mary Austin until his death. Jim Beach and the surviving members of Queen joined to create the Mercury Phoenix Trust to help fight AIDS worldwide. 
 Sunshine on Leith (2013)44) Two soldiers return home to Edinburgh to resume their romantic and family lives. Sunshine on Leith is based on the sensational stage hit of the same name, featuring music by pop-folk band The Proclaimers. The film follows the stories of Davy and Ally, who have to re-learn how to live life in Edinburgh after coming home from serving in Afghanistan. Both struggle to learn to live a life outside the army and to deal with the everyday struggles of family, jobs and relationships. Anonymous Two Scottish soldiers return from a tour of duty in to their hometown of Leith (Edinburgh, Scotland). We witness the trials and tribulations as we follow the love lives of both soldiers and their families as they all come to terms with a life out of the war-zone. One of our heroes proposes too early and the other doesn't commit early enough. Dick Best friends Davy and Ally have just returned to their hometown of Edinburgh to resume a civilian life after a military tour of duty in Afghanistan. It was a difficult tour with some not making it back at all, while others who did return, such as Ronnie who lost his legs, deal with permanent physical disabilities above the emotional scars. While Davy will move back in with his parents, Rab and Jean, and his sister, Liz, a nurse, Ally arranges to live with his single mother sister Christine and her impressionable but still precocious adolescent son Brendan until he figures out a more permanent solution. Beyond finding suitable work, Ally resumes his relationship with Liz, while Liz sets Davy up with her English nurse friend Yvonne, that date which has the potential to blossom into something serious. Things are difficult enough for Davy and Ally to return to that civilian life but things have a potential to get worse with anything negative happening in their respective lives, with Liz and Yvonne needing to look after themselves regardless of Ally and Davy's recent difficult military duty. What happens is affected by issues happening between Rab and Jean as they celebrate their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 