nm0001794:

 E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial (1982)651) A troubled child summons the courage to help a friendly alien escape Earth and return to his home world. After a gentle alien becomes stranded on Earth, the being is discovered and befriended by a young boy named Elliott. Bringing the extraterrestrial into his suburban California house, Elliott introduces E.T., as the alien is dubbed, to his brother and his little sister, Gertie, and the children decide to keep its existence a secret. Soon, however, E.T. falls ill, resulting in government intervention and a dire situation for both Elliott and the alien. Jwelch5742 Left behind by his group of secret visitors, a harmless extraterrestrial entity gets stranded on Earth, surrounded by an intimidatingly strange and unknown environment. Alone and fearful, the marooned being is fortunate to be discovered by the lonely ten-year-old boy, Elliott, who, after the initial shock, decides to take him in, and gives him a name--E.T. Little by little, a bond will form--and as our hospitable blue planet becomes a prison brimming with dangers and government agents--Elliott and his team of rescuers must work fast to find a way to reunite the extraordinary intergalactic guest with his otherworldly family. Even if this means Elliott will lose an unexpected but dear friend. Nick Riganas While visiting the Earth at night, a group of alien botanists is discovered and disturbed by an approaching human task force. Because of the more than hasty take-off, one of the visitors is left behind. The little alien finds himself all alone on a very strange planet. Fortunately, the extra-terrestrial soon finds a friend and emotional companion in 10 year-old Elliot, a lonely boy whose parents have separated. While E.T. slowly gets acquainted with Elliot's older brother Michael, his sister Gertie, and the customs of Earth, members of the task force work day and night to track down the whereabouts of Earth's first visitor from outer space. The wish to go home again is strong in E.T., and after being able to communicate with Elliot and the others, E.T. starts building an improvised device to send a message home for his people to come and pick him up. But before long, E.T. gets seriously sick, and because of his special connection to Elliot, the young boy suffers, too. The situation gets critical when the task force finally intervenes. By then, all help may already be too late, and there's no alien spaceship in sight. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> A group of aliens visit earth and one of them is lost and left behind stranded on this planet. The alien is found by a 10 year old boy, Elliot. Soon the two begin to communicate, and start a different kind of friendship in which E.T learns about life on earth and Elliot learns about some new values for the true meaning of friendship. E.T. wants to go home, but if Elliot helps him, he'll lose a friend. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a forested area overlooking a sprawling suburban neighborhood, an alien spacecraft has landed. The creatures aboard have come to observe and collect specimens. One of them wanders some distance away, when strange lights and sounds cause him to hide. The group of men are led by one who has a jingling set of keys attached to a belt loop. Scared, the creature takes of running, with the men in pursuit. The creature attempts to get back to his spaceship, but it leaves without him. Eventually, it makes its way down an embankment into the suburban housing development below. In one house, a young boy named Elliot is sent out to pick up a pizza being delivered for his brother Michael and his friends. Elliot is about to return inside when a strange noise in the backyard catches his ears. Elliot traces the noise to a gardening shed in the backyard. Elliot throws a baseball into the shed, and is scared when something in the shed throws it back out. Elliot rushes inside to tell everyone, and they all come out to investigate, but find nothing in the shed, except for some strange prints, which Michael assumes must belong to some type of coyote from the nearby woods. Later that evening, Elliot hears some noise outside in the backyard, and goes outside. He encounters a strange creature that scares the both of them. The creature quickly leaves the backyard and through a nearby gate that leads into the woods. The next day, Elliot goes out on his bike to the forest, taking a bag of Reese Pieces with him, hoping to find the creature he saw. He soon sees the man with the keys on his belt loop, and quickly leaves the forested area. That evening, Elliot gets into an argument with his family, when it seems that no one will believe him. Elliot claims that his Dad would believe him. As their Mother has just been through a messy divorce, this causes her feelings to be hurt, with Michael angrily chastising his brother for being cruel. Later that evening, Elliot stays outside, where this time, the creature comes right up to him, and returns some of the Reeses Pieces that were in the forest. Elliot then lures the creature into the house and up to his room. When he finally sees the creature in full, it is a strange brown-colored being that is like nothing he's ever seen before. The creature has a gentle nature and seems as curious about Elliott as the boy is about it. Elliot fakes having a fever the next day to stay home from school. During the day, he acclimates himself to the creature, and tells him his name, as well as shows him different things around the house. Later that evening, Elliot shows the creature to Michael and their younger sister Gertie, who both promise not to tell anyone about him. They soon surmise that this thing must in some way be an alien, and get him to try and explain where he's from. Instead, the creature displays its powers, which cause several spheres to levitate and rotate like the planets in the solar system. Gertie also gives the alien a potted plant with dying flowers, which the alien revives, bringing them into full bloom. Elliot has the creature hide in his closet the next day, as everyone heads off to school. While everyone is away, the alien gets out and into the fridge, raiding the food and drinking several beers, before watching TV. Unknown to Elliot, the alien has formed a mental bond with him, and these feelings carry on over to his science class, where Elliot finds himself setting loose a number of frogs for a dissection project and causing chaos. Elliott also feels a surge of emotion that prompts him to kiss a blonde girl in his class. After Elliot returns home that evening, he finds that Gertie has helped teach the alien to talk, and Elliot then decides to name the alien E.T. E.T. then attempts to explain that he intends to build a machine to communicate with his home planet, so they can come to get him. Later that evening, Elliot and Michael go through the garage looking for items to use. Michael notes that E.T. doesn't look so good, to which Elliot explains that "they are fine." Unknown to the two of them, a van monitoring outside has picked up their conversation. On Halloween, Elliot and Michael dress E.T. up in a sheet, passing him off to their mother as Gertie dressed up as a ghost. Gertie has already left with Elliot's bicycle, and gone to a specific point above the suburban area. Once the three meet her there, Gertie trades places with E.T., as both Elliot and E.T. head off to assemble and activate the communications machine he has assembled. As they travel through the forest, with E.T. perched in a basket on the handlebars, Elliott's bike suddenly starts racing down a steep hill toward a cliff. Elliott panics, thinking they'll die, but the bike flies safely over the precipice, the little alien having used an unknown ability to make the bike take off and land safely. E.T assembles and activates his crude machine and it begins to send a signal out into space. Elliott is exhausted and falls asleep, with the alien watching over him. Elliot wakes up the next day in the woods, with no sign of E.T. He returns home where his Mother has been afraid something had happened to him. Elliot pleads with Michael to find E.T. Michael first goes to the forest, but eventually finds E.T., pale pink in color and barely breathing near a storm drain. Getting him home, Michael and the others show E.T. to their mother. E.T. has taken on a pasty white look, and is shallowly breathing. Elliot explains that both he and E.T. are sick and perhaps dying. Their mother panics and demands they leave E.T. and get out of the house immediately, but they are soon set upon by persons in space suits, and then government men who quickly seal off the house and set up a medical unit to examine and help Elliot and E.T. It is here that the man with the keys on his belt loop (who we will call "Keys") returns to the picture. Keys explains to Elliot that they have found the machine in the forest, and wants to know how to save E.T. Keys tells Elliott that he's had the same kind of childlike wonder about alien beings and that finding E.T. is a lifelong dream come true. Elliot weakly explains that E.T. needs to go home, but as they talk, E.T. soon detaches himself from Elliot, and finally succumbs to the illness, leaving Elliott to recover. Michael realizes this when the plants E.T. had revived begin to wilt and die. The medical team attempts to revive E.T., but he eventually dies. Before they take E.T. away, Keys allows Elliot some time alone with E.T.. Elliot then explains that E.T. must be dead, because he can't feel anything anymore. Elliot then tells E.T. that he loves him, and turns away. As he does so, he sees the flowers that were dying before are returning to life. Elliot goes back to the container where E.T. is, and finds him alive, and explains that his planet's people will be returning to get him. Elliot manages to hide the fact that E.T. is alive, and then hatches a plan with Michael to get him to the forest. Michael has his friends take Elliot's bike and theirs to a playground at the top of a nearby hill. Meanwhile, Michael and Elliot steal the van with E.T.'s container, and make their way to the playground. Meeting Michael's friends there, they then take E.T. and head for the forest. The government agents then give chase. As they race away, they see a roadblock ahead, armed agents waiting around the cars. Just as it seems they'll all be captured, E.T. levitates all the kids' bikes and they fly off toward the woods. As they land, and night settles, E.T.'s ship lands. Elliot's mother and Gertie show up shortly afterward, and Gertie and Michael say their goodbyes, before it's Elliot's turn. E.T. asks Elliot to come with him, but Elliot says he has to stay. E.T. gives his new friend a hug, and then lights his finger and points it at Elliot's head, telling Elliot that he'll "be right here." Gertie gives E.T. the plant she initially gave him, and he goes into the enormous ship, which soon lifts off leaving a rainbow behind, as everyone stares off into the sky. 
 Suicide Kings (1997)541) A group of youngsters kidnap a respected Mafia figure. Ex-mob boss Christopher Walken is kidnapped by a group of four kids in a haphazard attempt at paying the ransom for another, separate kidnapping. Complexities arise as the group cannot seem to do anything right. Wells Oliver <s0ewoliv@titan.vcu.edu> When Avery Chasten's sister, Elise, is kidnapped for a $2,000,000 ransom, he turns to his friends for a means to collect the money. Their plan, to kidnap ex-mob boss Carlos BartolucciCharlie Barret and make him pay. The only problem, what happens when you put a wiley mob boss up against 4 rich kids who've never kidnapped anyone before? And what happens when they start turning against each other? Elsewhere, Barret's henchman Lono Veccio is beating up everyone in town to find Elise. So the real question is: Who ends up screwing who? Alex Barron <resevoirdog@earthlink.net> Five men born with silver spoons in their mouths and ivy league educations kidnap a former mobster with connections to help rescue a friend's sister. Things, however, aren't what they seem to be when the mobster, who is tied up, turns the tables on the group who turn on each other. Meanwhile, the mobster's right hand man is in search of his boss. Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Charlie Barret ( Christopher Walken ) walking to his private table in a restaurant, only to see three young men sitting at his table - Avery ( Henry Thomas ), Max ( Sean Patrick Flanery ) and Brett ( Jay Mohr ). Charlie happens to know Avery's father, and after an initial reluctance, is willing to go with the boys for a 'night on the town'. As the scene progresses, it shifts back and forth to the planning of what they're going to do to Charlie - they plan to kidnap him by strapping him to his seat and use some chloroform to knock him out. Naturally, things don't go as smoothly as they wanted, and Charlie tries fighting back - but eventually succumbs and passes out. When Charlie wakes up, he sees himself surrounded by the three men, and a fourth friend, T.K. ( Jeremy Sisto ), dressed in a doctor's uniform, checking his vital signs. It's soon revealed that Charlie 'used' to be Carlo Bartolucci, a mob figure. The boys then explain that Avery's sister, Elise ( Laura Harris ), has been kidnapped, and that the kidnappers ( Frank Medrano and Brad Garrett ) are demanding $2 million ransom for her release. They figure that Charlie still has connections to get that kind of money to the gangsters, and they want his cooperation. To ensure that Charlie knows how serious they are, Charlie is shown his pinkie finger, complete with a signet ring, cut off and floating in a bowl of ice - since the same was allegedly done to Avery's sister. Part of the incentive that Charlie help them immediately is that there is a small window of time available where a hospital could successfully sew the finger back on and the clock was running out. Charlie flies into a rage, stating "I'm looking at dead men." However, he eventually agrees to help them. Part of the reason Charlie decides to help is that it becomes apparent towards the middle of the film that due to lifelong heavy drinking, Charlie has a major deficiency of Vitamin K, a major component needed for the body to form blood clots: Basically meaning that while a normal healthy person would have minimal bleeding after having his pinkie amputated (Especially considering that T.K. has medical training and bandaged up the wound correctly), Charlie, on the other hand, would continue to bleed to death without proper medical treatment. Charlie then contacts his lawyer, who in turn contacts Lono ( Denis Leary ), Charlie's bodyguard, asking him to track Charlie down. Lono goes about his own investigation, asking for (and in some cases beating out) information from people, including the hostess, Jennifer ( Nina Siemaszko ) who usually waits on Charlie, and a friend of Charlie's, Lydia ( Laura San Giacomo ). During the course of these conversations, an added backstory is shown about both Lono and Charlie, including how Charlie got his signet ring. Charlie, meanwhile, tries to take the boys' navete to his advantage. A fifth friend, Ira ( Johnny Galecki ) shows up they are in his father's house, and Ira didn't know anything about what they had planned. Charlie starts playing the boys off of each other, slowly getting information out of them, including how they got into this mess in the first place. After much cajoling and piecing information together, Charlie learns that Avery was actually the one responsible for his sister's kidnapping. The boys had, the previous summer, spent a wild weekend in Atlantic City, where they dropped tens of thousands of dollars on various bets. Avery had gotten in over his head wagering on a basketball game, and had to come up with a way to pay off his $50,000 debt. The two mobsters approached him and told him they would kidnap his sister and take the "ransom" as payment for the debt. Lono eventually makes his way to Ira's house and has Charlie removed from his restraints, around the same time that the money is sent to the two thugs. The next day, Charlie and Lono meet up with the two gangsters who had kidnapped Avery's sister, around the same time that Avery learns that his sister is not at the hospital where she is supposed to have been. Charlie and Lono figure out that Elise had come up with a plan to fake the kidnapping and ask for a $2 million ransom; the thugs would get $1 million for playing along, while Max and Elise would walk away with the rest. Charlie and Lono track Max and Elise to a boat off a tropical island where, although Charlie understands their reasons for conning him, he has Lono kill them both. We see the screen tint orange rotoscope as it goes out of focus, and hear two shots (meaning their deaths). They have reclaimed the rest of their money .....Wikipedia.com 
 11:14 (2003)431) The events leading up to an 11:14 p.m. car crash, from five very different perspectives. A few incidents that happen at 11:14 p.m. in the town of Middleton are seen from five different perspectives, each of the players who generally works toward self interest, not caring about the consequence to other people, and in the process exacerbating the situations by his or her actions. Jack, in town to meet someone, is a chronic drinker and driver, he still doing so despite having his license temporarily suspended. Teens Mark, Eddie, and Tim are out for a joyride in Mark's van, they generally causing havoc all in the name of having fun, that is until something goes wrong. Frank, out for a walk with his dog, stumbles across something which makes him jump to a conclusion about his daughter, to whom he is both overprotective and overly trusting. Duffy, who works as a clerk at Lloyd's EZZZ Stop convenience store, goes to the store just as it is closing to ask his friend, the clerk on duty, Buzzy, for a favor, which may be difficult for her to grant based on her own needs, and Cheri is trying to get a few hundred dollars for an abortion from the purported "fathers", while in reality, she has another plan in mind. All their actions make for a busy night for the first responders on-duty, including Officer Hannagan, and paramedics Leon and Kevin. Huggo Tells the seemingly random, yet vitally connected, story of a set of incidents that all converge one evening at 11:14 p.m. The story follows the chain of events of five different characters and five different storylines that all converge to tell the story of murder and deceit. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie involves several interconnected stories that converge at 11:14 p.m. The connections between the events are not apparent at first, but are gradually revealed by a series of progressively receding flashbacks: Jack (Henry Thomas), who has been drinking, is seen driving along a road at night talking on his cell phone. The clock on the dashboard reads 11:14 p.m. Suddenly, as he drives under an overpass, something smashes across the windshield, causing him to skid off the road. He stops by a deer crossing sign and gets out to inspect the damage, and finds a body with a badly mutilated face lying close to his car. When he sees another car approaching, he panics and drags the body out of sight. The car pulls up next to him, and the driver, Norma (Barbara Hershey), assumes that he hit a deer. She offers to call the police over Jack's protests, insisting that it's no trouble because she has a new cell phone that she 'never uses' and because she is friends with the chief of police. Norma offers Jack a ride to her house to wait for the police, but he declines. When she drives off, Jack decides to hide the body in the trunk of his car. He gets back into the car to pull away, but a police officer pulls up behind him. Officer Hannagan (Clark Gregg) speaks with Jack, and noting his odd behavior, asks him if he would submit to a breathalyzer test. Jack requests a sobriety test instead, which Hannagan administers. When the officer checks with dispatch, he finds that Jack's license has been revoked for driving under the influence. Hannagan tells Jack that he is under arrest and that his car will be impounded. When he finds the body in the trunk, Hannagan handcuffs Jack with a cable tie and tells the 2 people already in the back of the cruiser, Duffy (Shawn Hatosy) and Buzzy (Hilary Swank), to move over so that Jack will fit. While Hannagan argues with Buzzy, who refuses to move over, Jack is able to pull his pocketknife out of his pocket, cut the cable tie, and escape. Hannagan pursues, leaving the cruiser door open, and Duffy and Buzzy also escape. Jack runs across a property with security lights and a dog, causing the owner, Norma, to come out. She is obviously upset, and is looking for her husband Frank (Patrick Swayze) because she just received a phone call that their daughter, Cheri (Rachael Leigh Cook), was killed in a hit-and-run accident. Hannagan catches up to Jack at this point, and Norma angrily strikes Jack with a flashlight, assuming that he is responsible for her daughter's death. Teenagers Tim (Stark Sands), Mark (Colin Hanks) and Eddie (Ben Foster) are driving around causing trouble by throwing things out of the windows of Mark's van, including a book they have set on fire. Mark, distracted by Eddie peeing out the van's window, hits and kills Cheri, who was crossing the road. They stop, but flee the scene when Duffy comes toward the van with a gun. As Duffy fires on the retreating van, Tim realises that the accident also caused the van's window to snap shut, cutting Eddie's penis off. Tim insists that Mark stop, and Tim goes back to find it. Tim is accosted by the paramedics, Leon (Jason Segel) and Kevin (Rick Gomez) at the scene, but manages to escape and get the severed penis back to Eddie. Frank is walking his dog late at night and discovers his daughter's (Cheri) car keys next to the dead body of Aaron (Blake Heron) in the cemetery. Thinking his daughter is responsible, Frank packs the body in the trunk of Aarons's car, accidentally locking the keys in with the body. He breaks a window to get into the car, and then drives to a bridge. He has to hide from a car driven by Duffy that passes by, but then disposes of the body by dropping it over the bridge, where it lands on Jack's car (as seen at the start of the film). His dog runs off with his blood-soaked jacket. He chases it, eventually catching it. He sees the burning book the teenagers threw, and uses it to set his jacket on fire. His wife, Norma sees him, and gives him a ride home, where she sends him out to look for the deer that Jack supposedly hit. Buzzy is working at a convenience store late at night. Her friend and co-worker Duffy arrives and they begin discussing Cheri's pregnancy and money for an abortion. Mark and Eddie arrive after the store is closed, but Duffy lets them come in. They are there to buy the items to throw out the van windows. After they leave, Duffy tells Buzzy his plan to steal the $500 from the store. Cheri arrives and she and Duffy go into the cooler. Meanwhile, Buzzy is playing around with Duffy's revolver (the one he plans to use to rob the store) and she accidentally shoots a bullet through a glass door, barely missing Duffy and Cheri. Cheri leaves and Duffy asks Buzzy to allow him to steal the money. Buzzy objects, fearful of losing her job, but relents, while insisting that Duffy shoot her in the arm to make it look like an authentic robbery. He shoots her in the arm, and then dials 911 for her, leaving while she is on the phone. Duffy looks for his keys, barely escaping the police who are arriving more quickly than he thought they would. While driving away, he passes by Aaron's car, where Frank has parked it preparing to dispose of Aaron's body. Duffy then sees Cheri parked and tells her he found the money. When she gets out of her car, he witnesses her death and shoots at the teenagers that hit her. He is then arrested by Officer Hannagan for shooting at the van and for the store robbery, based on the description someone phoned in (later revealed to be Cheri). Buzzy is arrested as an accomplice when she refuses to identify Duffy. Cheri leaves her house to have sex with Aaron at the cemetery. Aaron is leaning against a tombstone that has a stone angel on top. The angel's neck is damaged and the heavy stone head falls onto Aaron's face, killing him instantly. This is the reason his face is so damaged when his body hits Jack's car. Cheri runs away from the scene, dropping the set of keys we saw Frank find in the earlier scene. Cheri borrows her father's car, which is temperamental to say the least, and goes to the convenience store to get Duffy's bowling ball, intending to replace the angel head and implicate Duffy. As she drives away from the store she sees the shooting and reports a description of Duffy to the police. When Cheri arrives back at the cemetery, she abandons the bowling ball when she sees that Aaron's body is gone. She tries to leave but her car is again having trouble starting. She rings Jack on her cell phone. This is the phone conversation the movie begins with, continued to inform the viewer that Cheri's 'pregnancy' is actually a scam to get money from both Duffy and Aaron so that Cheri and Jack can leave town together. In the midst of the call, Duffy calls out Cheri's name from across the street to tell her that he got the money. Cheri hangs up quickly, and crossing the street, the mobile rings again, and distracted, she stops in the middle of the road, where she is hit by the van containing Mark, Tim, and Eddie. The camera pans to Cheri's cell phone, which reads 11:14 p.m. 
 Legends of the Fall (1994)541) In the early 1900s, three brothers and their father living in the remote wilderness of Montana are affected by betrayal, history, love, nature, and war. In early twentieth century Montana, Colonel William Ludlow (Sir Anthony Hopkins) lives in the wilderness with his sons, Tristan (Brad Pitt), Alfred (Aidan Quinn), and Samuel (Henry Thomas). Eventually, the unconventional, but close-knit, family encounters tragedy when Samuel is killed in World War I. Tristan and Alfred survive their tours of duty, but, soon after they return home, both men fall for Samuel's gorgeous fiance, Susannah (Julia Ormond), and their intense rivalry begins to destroy the family. Jwelch5742 Set in the Rocky Mountains of Montana in the early 1900s, this is a tale of love, betrayal, and brotherhood. After being discharged, Colonel William Ludlow (Sir Anthony Hopkins) decides to raise his three sons in the wilds of Montana, where they can grow up away from the government and society he has learned to despise. The three brothers mature and seem to have an unbreakable bond, until Susannah (Julia Ormond) enters their lives. When Samuel (Henry Thomas), the youngest of the three, returns from college he brings with him his beautiful fiance, Susannah. The eldest son, Alfred (Aidan Quinn), soon finds himself in love with his brother's fiance, and things get worse when he discovers a growing passion between Susannah and Tristan (Brad Pitt). Colonel William Ludlow's favorite son, Tristan is willful and as wild as the mountains. As the brothers set out to fight a war in Europe, suspicion and jealousy threatens to tear apart their once indestructible bond. saunders11@yahoo.com Colonel William Ludlow (Sir Anthony Hopkins) and his three sons Samuel (Henry Thomas), Tristan (Brad Pitt), and Alfred (Aidan Quinn) live in the Rocky Mountains of Montana at the beginning of the twentieth century. When Samuel brings his fiance Susannah with him, the fellowship of the three brothers is about to be broken. The eldest son, Alfred, falls in love with Susannah, and she falls in love with Tristan. Thing becomes worse when the three brothers decide to join World War I in Europe in 1914, despite their father's objections. The bond of the brothers is about to be broken forever, and so is Colonel William's heart. rsilberman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sick of betrayals the United States government perpetrated on the Native Americans, Colonel William Ludlow leaves the Army and moves to a remote part of Montana. Along with One Stab, a Cree friend, he builds a ranch and raises his family. Accompanying them are hired hand and former outlaw Decker, Decker's Cree wife Pet, and daughter Isabel Two. William has three sons: Alfred, the eldest, is responsible and cautious; Tristan, the middle son, is wild and well-versed in Native American traditions; Samuel, the youngest, is educated and ambitious but naive and constantly watched over by his brothers. William's wife Isabel does not adapt to the harsh Montana winters and moves to the East Coast; Tristan vows never to speak of her again. At age 12, Tristan touches a sleeping grizzly bear. The bear awakens and injures him, but he stabs at the bear's paw and cuts off a claw. Years later, Samuel returns from Harvard University with his fiance, Susannah. Susannah talks with Isabel Two and learns of her fondness for Tristan. Susannah finds Tristan captivating but loves Samuel. Before they can marry, Samuel announces his intention to join the Canadian Expeditionary Force and aid Britain in the fight against Germany. Much to their father's displeasure, Alfred also joins. Although Tristan does not want to join, he does so, after swearing to Susannah to protect Samuel in an intense and intimate moment. During World War I, the brothers find themselves in the 10th Battalion, CEF. Alfred, commissioned as an officer, leads a charge into no man's land. The attack results in heavy casualties and Alfred is wounded. While visiting Alfred in the field hospital, Tristan learns that Samuel has volunteered for a dangerous reconnaissance mission. He rushes off to protect his brother but arrives too late. A devastated Tristan holds Samuel until he dies, then cuts out his brother's heart and sends it home to be buried at the ranch. Tristan single-handedly raids the German lines and returns to camp with the scalps of German soldiers hanging around his neck, horrifying his fellow soldiers. He is discharged but does not go home. Alfred returns to Montana and proposes to Susannah, but she declines. Tristan returns home, where Susannah finds him weeping over Samuel's grave. She comforts him, and they become lovers. A jealous Alfred confronts Tristan and leaves to make his name in Helena. Tristan is plagued with guilt over Samuel's death and feels responsible for driving Alfred away; he leaves Montana for several years. Susannah waits for him, only to receive a letter telling her to marry someone else. Alfred comforts Susannah and William finds them together, which leads to a falling out between him and Alfred. William later suffers a stroke. He does not speak for years and the ranch deteriorates. Susannah marries Alfred, now a congressman. Alfred's business and politics cause him to get involved with the O'Banion brothers, bootleggers and gangsters. Tristan returns during Prohibition, bringing life back to the ranch and his father. He falls in love with Isabel Two and they marry. They have two children, the elder being a boy named Samuel Decker. Tristan becomes involved in small-scale rum-running, finding himself at odds with the O'Banion brothers. Isabel is accidentally killed by a police officer working for the O'Banions. In a fit of grief, Tristan beats the officer nearly to death and is jailed. Susannah visits Tristan, still having feelings for him, but he refuses her advances. After his release, Tristan and Decker kill those responsible for Isabel's death, including one of the O'Banion brothers. Realizing she cannot live without Tristan, Susannah commits suicide. The remaining O'Banion brother, along with the corrupt sheriff and another police officer, comes after Tristan for revenge. At the ranch, William and Alfred kill the attackers. Alfred reconciles with his father and brother. The family realizes that Tristan is likely to be blamed for the deaths, which prompts Tristan to ask Alfred to take care of his children. One Stab's narration explains that later during the night, they bury the bodies and dump the car in the Missouri River. He reflects that rather than dying young as One Stab had expected, Tristan lived to watch his children and grandchildren grow. One Stab observes that it was the people Tristan loved and wanted to protect most that died young. The last scene takes place in 1963. Tristan, now an old man living in the North Country, investigates an animal carcass and is confronted by a grizzly bear. He draws his knife and fights it. As they struggle, the image freeze-frames as One Stab narrates, "It was a good death". 