nm0004447:

 Trick 'r Treat (2007)541) Five interwoven stories that occur on Halloween: An everyday high school principal has a secret life as a serial killer; a college virgin might have just met the guy for her; a group of teenagers pull a mean prank; a woman who loathes the night has to contend with her holiday-obsessed husband; and a mean old man meets his match with a demonic, supernatural trick-or-treater. Five interwoven stories that occur on the same block, on the same night. A couple finds what happens when they blow a jack o' lantern out before midnight, a high school principal has a secret life as a serial killer, a college virgin might have met the right guy for her, a group of mean teens play a prank that they take too far, and a hermit is visited by a special trick or treater. Harrypotterfan639 In the Halloween night in Warren Valley, Ohio, Emma blows out a Jack-o-Lantern in front of her home despite the remark of her husband Henry; sooner she has a tragic surprise. Earlier, the virgin Laurie buys a Little Red Riding Hood costume with her sister and two girlfriends and they invite some guys for a party. Meanwhile, the glutton Charlie destroys many Jack-o-Lanterns on the street. When he arrives at the house of the high-school principal Steven, the boy discovers how much the disturbed man respects the dead and the traditions of Halloween. Meanwhile four teenagers invite the outcast Rhonda to join them in their journey to an abandoned rock quarry where a tragic accident on the school bus with eight troubled children happened thirty years ago. They play a prank with Rhonda but when the mean Marcy blows out the last Jack-o-Lantern in the spot, they need the support of Rhonda to escape from the damned place. Laurie sees a stalker that follows her; while walking through the woods to the party, she is attacked and she finally has her initiation. Earlier, the lonely Mr. Kreeg lives alone with his dog Spike and is visited by a scary trick-or-treating creature. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It is said that Halloween is the night when the dead rise to walk among us and other unspeakable things roam free. The rituals of All Hallows Eve were devised to protect us from their evil mischief, and one small town is about to be taught a terrifying lesson that some traditions are best not forgotten. Nothing is what it seems when a suburban couple learns the dangers of blowing out a Jack-o-Lantern before midnight; four women cross paths with a costumed stalker at a local festival; a group of pranksters goes too far and discovers the horrifying truth buried in a local legend; and a cantankerous old hermit is visited by a strange trick-or-treater with a few bones to pick. Costumes and candy, ghouls and goblins, monsters and mayhem... the tricks and treats of Halloween turn deadly as strange creatures of every variety-human and otherwise-try to survive the scariest night of the year. Warner Bros. Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie includes four interwoven tales: Opening: A couple dressed as a robot and Flash Gordon return to their home, the front lawn decorated with numerous 'ghost-crows' (scarecrow-style ghosts) and lit pumpkins. The robot, Emma ( Leslie Bibb ), takes a jack-o'-lantern to blow out the light but her boyfriend, Henry ( Tahmoh Penikett ), tells her that it's against tradition to un-decorate before midnight. Emma asserts that she wants all the decorations gone before her mother visits the next morning, saying that the yard looks like a crime scene, and blows out the candle. Henry, a true fan of the holiday, promises to remove everything early the next morning and convinces Emma to meet him inside for some "alone time". While he goes in to "put on the tape", Emma starts to take down some of the decorations down, uttering the unforgivable "I hate Halloween". As she removes the sheets off one of the ghost-crows, it lunges at her, covering her in the white cloth. In the ensuing struggle, Emma tumbles onto the sidewalk where passing trick-or-treaters stop to investigate. Under the sheets, a figure takes a bitten pumpkin-shaped sucker and slits Emma's throat. Her blood stains through the sheets and the children run away. The hidden assailant drags Emma's body back to the yard as Henry lies upstairs, passed out and with the TV on high volume. Some time later, he notices Emma has not come up and goes down to the yard where he notices that one of the ghost-crows now has lights attached to it. He removes the sheet and screams at the sight of Emma's disembodied head on a stake, the pumpkin sucker lodged in her mouth. Meanwhile, the Halloween festivities and parties continue throughout the town and a parade marches down the main street while the silhouette of a short figure walks through the crowd, dragging a burlap bag with a dark stain at the bottom. 1. The Principal - A portly boy walks through the neighborhood knocking over jack-o'-lanterns. He stops at one house and walks up to the porch where it appears no one is home. A bucket full of candy is set out with a sign saying 'please take one!' The boy begins to put the entire contents of the bucket in his bag when someone startles him from behind. The boy recognizes the man as Principal Steven Wilkins ( Dylan Baker ) who addresses the boy as Charlie ( Brett Kelly ). Wilkins sits down on his porch, inviting Charlie to sit and talk with him as he offers him a chocolate bar. Wilkins explains rules of etiquette and how to properly respect Halloween. When Charlie begins to cough, Wilkins explains the most important rule of Halloween; "always check your candy". Charlie violently vomits blood and chocolate and passes out. Wilkins drags Charlie into the house, the blood and chocolate mixture oozing onto his shirt, just as his doorbell rings. Struggling with the body, he answers and sees three teenagers who ask if they can take his jack-o'-lantern. He agrees and gives them all some candy, including a small boy wearing orange, footed pajamas and a burlap hood with buttons for eyes and stitching for a mouth (known hereafter as Sam, Quinn Lord ). Wilkins then dumps Charlie's body in a large hole dug in his back yard where another child's body already lies. As he tries to bury the bodies his small son, Billy ( Connor Christopher Levins ), appears in the upstairs window and shouts down to him repeatedly, asking for help on his jack-o'-lantern and if they'll hand out candy. Wilkins, frustrated, tells him each time to be quiet and wait for him inside. Meanwhile, the neighbor's dog ( Zip ) approaches the fence and starts barking as the first child in the grave begins to moan, reaching out from under dirty sheets with a clown-costumed arm. Wilkins stabs the boy's arm with his shovel and severs one of his fingers, throwing it over the fence and distracting the dog. However, its surly owner, Mr. Kreeg ( Brian Cox ) comes into the yard and peeks through a hole in the fence to speak to Wilkins, still struggling with the clown child. Wilkins passes off his activity and the smell as a septic tank leak and Mr. Kreeg goes back into his house, shouting back to Wilkins to "get his kid out of his yard". Wilkins finishes the clown child off with a blow from his shovel and completes burying the bodies. As he walks back into his house, he notices a frantic Kreeg motioning to him from his window across the way. Bitter Wilkins ignores him and goes into the house as Kreeg is tackled by something. In the kitchen, Billy jumps out from behind a counter, scaring Wilkins and asking for help on his jack-'o-lantern. Seemingly annoyed, Wilkins takes a butcher knife from the knife block and follows Billy to the basement. Billy runs ahead to a table covered in carving materials and Wilkins approaches behind him. Billy says "let's make a scary face this time" as Wilkins puts his hand on Billy's head and brings the knife down, blood glistening on the blade as he draws it back. But Billy smiles and says "don't forget to help me with the eyes" as they look together at the severed head of Charlie on a wooden turntable. 2. Surprise Party - Laurie ( Anna Paquin ) is a 22-year-old 'virgin' who is shy and self-conscious. Her older sister, Danielle ( Lauren Lee Smith ), tries to boost her confidence by taking her to a Halloween party with two of her friends ( Moneca Delain and Rochelle Aytes ). The girls all dress in fairy tale costumes while Laurie is stuck as Little Red Riding Hood, a choice she despises though her sister tells her "it's tradition". They walk through town on the way to the party picking up dates but Laurie is discouraged. She opts to meet the girls at the party later. Meanwhile, a young woman makes out with a masked man in an alley. He affectionately kisses her neck but, when she looks down, she sees blood running down her body. The man smiles, revealing blood on his fangs. The woman screams and makes her way to the street where the people are gathered for the parade. Emma and Henry walk by in costume, but ignore her, thinking she's just another drunk party-goer covered in make-up blood. The woman turns around to see the vampire standing behind her and screams as he swings his cloak around her. He leaves her dead body on the sidewalk leaning against a building, as if she's merely passed out, and walks away. At the bonfire party in the woods, Danielle stands alone worrying about Laurie. The others assure her that Laurie's fine but Danielle wonders, saying that their mother "always said Laurie was the runt of the litter". As Laurie walks down a dimly lit path in the woods, she senses someone is following her and shouts out that she's not in the mood and they'd better come out. When no one responds, she turns and comes face to face with the vampire. He grabs her by the neck and holds her against a tree, saying, "My, my, what big eyes you have", before biting her neck. At the party, the girls are startled when a cloaked body falls out of a tree near the fire. Danielle nervously approaches the body and removes the cloak to see the vampire, bleeding and begging for help. His mask is removed and Principal Wilkins blinks in the fire light, whimpering. Laurie appears and assures everyone she's ok, despite the blood oozing from her neck. She approaches Wilkins and straddles him, telling him to bear with her since it's her first time. The other girls start to dance as Wilkins looks around in shock to see that all of their dates are dead. Laurie removes his fake fangs as the girls rip off their skin, revealing coarse fur and lupine fangs. Laurie begins to change herself and leans down to Wilkins to whisper "My, my, what big eyes you have" before lunging into Wilkins' neck. The other werewolves finish the remains of their dates, howling at the moon, as Sam looks on from a nearby log. 3. The Halloween School Bus Massacre Four costumed teenagers scour the neighborhood for jack-o-lanterns and stop at the home of a peer named Rhonda ( Samm Todd ), dressed as a witch, whose yard is decorated with dozens of them. Despite the fact that she's considered an idiot savant and nicknamed Rhonda the Retard by the leader of the group, Macy ( Britt McKillip ), dressed as an angel, Schrader ( Jean-Luc Bilodeau ) asks politely for one of her pumpkins and invites her to come with them, complimenting her on her costume. Macy leads them onward while Rhonda talks briefly with Chip ( Alberto Ghisi ), a pirate, about the origins of Halloween. They arrive at an abandoned rock quarry and Sara ( Isabelle Deluce ), an alien, asks why they're there and what the purpose of the jack-o-lanterns is. Macy explains that the quarry is the site of a fatal bus crash thirty years prior that has become the stuff of legend. The bus was carrying eight mentally disturbed children, clad in freakish Halloween costumes and so troubled that they had to be chained to their seats. That fateful day, the driver ( Gerald Paetz ) deviated from his normal route while taking the kids home. Their parents, no longer able to stand the strain and humiliation of caring for them, paid the driver to put them out of their misery by driving the bus into the lake at the bottom of the rock quarry, intending to make it look like a horrible accident. However, while double checking the restraints on the kids, one of them, a masked vampire ( Richard Harmon ), is able to free himself and hijack the bus, repeating that he wants to go home. Disturbed and confused as he is, the boy accidentally puts the bus in gear and drives it over the edge of the cliffside into the lake before the driver can stop him. Macy says that the driver survived but was never heard from again and the bus was never recovered, possibly because the rest of the town just didn't want to bother. The eight jack-o-lanterns collected represent the eight souls lost that day and are meant to be left at the lakeside as an offering. They walk to a rickety elevator and Macy, Sara, and Schrader get in with their pumpkins to go down to the lake. Since the elevator will only hold three at a time, Chip and Rhonda wait for it to come back for them. On their way down, they hear the panicked cries and screams of the other three and watch as the lights of their jack-o-lanterns go out in the mist. Rhonda tells Chip to stay in the elevator with the remaining pumpkins, saying that they will protect him, as she goes to investigate. Walking through the mist, she eventually comes to the wreckage of the half submerged school bus and sees the masks of the others floating in the water. She is suddenly attacked by two water-drenched figures covered in chains and runs to see a third disemboweling Chip. As they chase her, Rhonda drops and steps on her glasses before tripping and hitting her head on a rock, blacking out. When she comes to, she sees the figures standing over her and screams in fear but one of them, actually Schrader in disguise, explains that it was just a cruel prank played by all of them and tries to apologize. Macy is unremorseful and kicks a still lit jack-o-lantern into the lake as whispers and giggles suddenly echo out of the mist. Schrader leads Rhonda to the elevator and, when he hears the others screaming, tells her to stay put while he goes to see what's wrong, though he suspects another ruse. But when he meets up with the others they all see the figures of the eight dead children rise out of the lake, still tied in their chains. They run for the elevator though Sara is caught by a strand of chains and dragged away. The other three make it to the elevator to see Rhonda locked inside with the rest of the jack-o-lanterns, looking sullen but calm. They beg her to open the door but Rhonda, seemingly in a daze, presses the button to go up and leaves the others to their fate as the ghost children surround them. Rhonda exits the elevator and leaves the quarry, towing her pumpkins in her red wagon. She briefly looks at and passes Sam, sitting inside a cement pipe, as Macy, Schrader, and Chip scream and are ripped apart. 4. Meet Sam Three trick-or-treaters walk up the porch of a dark, old house with no Halloween decorations and nervously knock on the door. It opens to pitch darkness and they nervously hold out their bags, saying trick or treat. Two glowing eyes appear and growling is heard. The children run away as the monster chases them across the yard and Mr. Kreeg appears in the doorway. He calls out to his dog, Spite, and picks him up to remove the monster costume and glowing head piece. He collects the children's dropped candy bags and retreats inside where he proceeds to burn old pictures in his fireplace before settling in his chair to watch TV. He takes a bite out of a candy bar but, disgusted with it, swaps it for a bottle of liquor. Since there is nothing on TV that doesnt have anything to do with Halloween, Kreeg turns it off and hears Spite barking outside before seeing an egg hit his window. He runs to the front door and opens it to see that his entire yard is decorated with dozens of jack-o-lanterns. Spite continues to bark in the back yard and Kreeg goes to investigate where he has his conversation with Wilkins. After finishing the finger that Wilkins threw over to him, Spite runs back inside and begins to bark upstairs. Kreeg follows him up and walks cautiously into his bedroom where he notices something moving under the covers. He pulls back the blanket to see a mechanized hand before a pumpkin, set on a table in the corner, suddenly starts spewing flames, bathing the room in orange light and revealing words scribbled all over the walls and ceiling: trick r treat, give me something good to eat. Kreeg then screams as something stabs him from under the bed. He falls to the ground and looks up to see Sam appear from the other side of the bed. Sam shows him a candy bar and peels back the wrapping to reveal a razor blade inside before attacking. Kreeg screams and manages to escape down the hallway but trips on the landing to the stairs and falls to the bottom. The staircase is covered in small pieces of candy and razor blades and Kreeg winces at his hands, covered in bloody cuts. Struggling as Sam attacks again, Kreeg makes it to the far window where he calls out to Wilkins just before being tackled. He tries to fight off Sam and manages to rip off his burlap mask. Instead of finding a human child's face underneath, Sam's face is a horribly deformed pumpkin with beady eyes and sharp teeth. Kreeg gains the upper hand and gets hold of his shotgun, shooting Sam across the room where he slumps against the front door. Kreeg shoots him again at close range, severing Sams hand, before dialing 9-1-1. But the line goes dead and Kreeg is stabbed in the leg again by Sam's severed hand. It crawls back to Sam and reattaches itself to the stump. Sam gets up and puts his mask back on as Kreeg backs up against the wall, knocking a table and its contents to the floor. Sam removes a pumpkin sucker from his pocket and takes a bite out of it, showing the sharp-edged bite marks. He approaches Kreeg, arm raised to stab him and bring the sucker down on Kreegs chest. Instead of stabbing him, however, Sam lodges the sucker in the discarded candy bar Kreeg had opened earlier, which had landed on his chest after he knocked the table over. Sam proceeds to chew on the candy bar and leaves the room, appearing satisfied. He looks back at Kreeg, who watches in puzzlement, before leaving the house. The door slams shut of its own accord. We then see one of the pictures that Kreeg had thrown into the fire. It shows the eight kids from the bus massacre, revealing that Kreeg was the driver. Later, a heavily bandaged Kreeg answers the doorbell to give candy to some trick-or-treaters. From his porch, he sees Sam go towards Emma and Henrys house across the way just as she is blowing out the candle to one of her jack-o-lanterns. Rhonda then walks by along the street, pulling her wagon absent-mindedly, and is almost hit by a car carrying the werewolf girls, laughing in human form. Billy Wilkins sits on his porch handing out candy, wearing a costume to mimic his fathers appearance complete with glasses and bloody shirt, unaware that his father is dead. Kreeg walks back inside and the bell rings again. He opens it to see the children from the bus massacre standing on his porch. The boy with the vampire mask says trick r treat and extends his bag before the children leap forward and begin to rip Kreeg apart. 
 Wind Chill (2007)321) Two college students share a ride home for the holidays, but when they break down on a deserted stretch of road, they are preyed upon by the ghosts of people who have died there. A couple of college students known only as the Girl and the Guy are traveling home to Delaware the day before Christmas Eve. They're on a frozen road that the Guy is convinced is a scenic short-cut. In the middle of nowhere in below freezing conditions they are run off the road by a hit and runner. They soon realize they're caught in a supernatural bubble where a crime from 1953 is doomed to repeat itself, year after year threatening new victims. The Guy attempts to walk back to the last petrol station but his wounds from the crash are worse than he let on. kwedgwood@hotmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Prior to Christmas break, a young woman Emily Blunt (listed in credits simply as "girl") accepts the idea from a cell phone texting session to use the campus "Ride Share" program as an alternative to riding the bus back home to Delaware. Finding a posting on a bulletin board, she catches a ride home from a stranger, Ashton Holmes (listed in credits simply as "guy"). She arrives late to her ride, finding guy sleeping in his car, a late model sedan. As he pops the trunk of the car for her couple suitcases, his trunk is revealed to be overloaded with his personal belongings. He explains that he has just been "kicked out of my apartment." While he warms up the car, she rearranges his trunk to find room for her suitcase. To make room, she pulls out a random bag of his stuff from the trunk and as they drive away, the oversized shopping bag is seen sitting in the empty parking lot. The girl's anti-social behavior is made clear as she selfishly carries on a cell phone conversation. Finally noticing the pained look on her driver's face, she hangs up her phone. He explains to her the "rules" of ride sharing, they share half the expenses and it's her responsibility to keep up a conversation while they drive. The conversation is very stilted between mismatched pair: the anti-social, loner chick and the square Catholic High School graduate driver who is majoring philosophy. Guy reveals they shared a class together. Girl says it was a huge class and she never noticed him. Guy asks about her glasses, "Did you have Lazik surgery?" Girl is surprised that he knows about her glasses since she only wears them in her dorm room. An awkward pause is filled with the guy changing the subject. As she paints her toenails, ignoring him, they drive alone the open highway. An on screen clock shows they have been on the road for a couple of hours. She asks him to keep an eye out for a gas station, saying she needs a bathroom break. At the filling station, she doesn't want to get out of the car because the polish on her nails hasn't yet dried. He offers to carry her into the station, which, despite her protests, he does. While the guy talks to the attendant, Darren Moore , the girl finds the bathroom, which is dirty and in poor repair. After doing her business, she washes her hands only to discover the blow dryer doesn't work. After wiping her hand on her pants, she finds she cannot open the bathroom door. It is apparently locked. She begins pounding on the door for help, and though she had walked past several people in the diner section of the filling station, no one comes to help her. Eventually, she frees herself (after pulling the handle off the door). She finds the guy still chatting up the clerk behind the counter. She is furious that he didn't come to her aid. He assures her they didn't hear her cries for help, though she says she could hear them talking. As they leave the filling station, the guy verifies his directions with the clerk, as if he is lost and doesn't know where he is going. The girl calls him on it, but he assures her he is not lost. Soon after they resume their trip, he takes a side road listed as Route 606. The snow covered road is reduced to one lane and his older car slips and slides on the packed snow. Despite her protests that they immediately turn back to the freeway, he continues saying "this is a shortcut and we will be back on the freeway in no time." As night falls, an on-coming car approaches them at high speed in a game of chicken. They swerve to avoid it, colliding into a snow bank. A radio news report warns that an incoming storm will bring snow and temperatures down to 30 degrees below zero. As they fight the falling temperatures, they begin to see people outside of their car, from ghostly priests to other manifestations of lost souls. Before they understand that they are spirits, the girl tries to touch one. Her hand is burned. The spirit turns to show that he, too, is a victim of fire. Bit by bit, details come out of the guy's longing for her. How he had texted her the suggestion to use the Ride Share program and posted his number for her to find. How he took the scenic route in hopes of creating a romantic memory. It also comes out that the bag she left behind was a bag of food he had bought for their trip. They think help has arrived when a Pennsylvannia Highway Patrol Officer, Martin Donovan , knocks on their window. Oddly, he doesn't seem to understand their predicament, choosing instead to believe they were parking. Taking the girl from the car, he tries to get her into the back of his car. When it becomes clear to her that he means her harm, she struggles to get away, but cannot. The guy appears behind the officer, welding a tire iron, and beats him across the head, rescuing her. The highway patrol officer was a spirit and the most menacing one of them all. The spirits turn out to be spectors remaining who were victims of the rouge cop who would lure his victims to this deserted stretch of road and kill them, including four monks who witnessed his crimes. They learn of it from an article in a newspaper they are using for insulation against a car window. As the night progresses, during occassional fitful naps, the crimes of the rogue cop are re-enacted with the girl as part of them. As the night progresses, it is revealed that the guy has sustained greater injuries from the accident than he had let on. In a desperate attempt to get help, the girl comes up with the idea of climbing a nearby telephone pole, tapping into the line with the phone from the guy's household belongings, and calling for help. While it is unclear if she is 100% successful (she makes it to the top of the pole and does make a call to 911 that is quickly lost from otherly world interference), she does make her call and returns to the car to find her travelling companion has passed away. Defeat settles in as she tries to figure out what to do. For reasons that are not made clear, she pulls him from the car. Perhaps she is planning on dragging him to help, when a pair of headlights show up. It is a tow truck operator, Ned Bellamy , responding to her 911 call. He loads the body of her dead friend into the back of his cab and they begin driving to safety. The tow truck driver fills in the blanks about the story of how people have been dying along that particular stretch of road since the 50's when the rouge cop was killing them. But even after he was killed, the dying continued, including people inexplicably freezing to death in the cars. It's clear this girl has narrowly escaped a very close call with death when the same car that chased her and her travelling companion off the narrow road in the first place shows up again, this time driving the tow truck driver off the road, too. After the tow truck rolls and crashes, the girl and its driver are shaken up, but still alive. The tow truck driver insists on seeing about the other car's driver. At the bottom of a ravine, he sees a burning wreck. It is clearly the burning wreckage from the 50's of the rogue cop car. As the tow driver shimmies down into the ravine, the girl chases him, yelling for him to stop. The rogue cop is pinned inside his upside down car which is on fire. The priests show up, but rather than pull him from the wreckage, they pull the microphone for his radio from his car, preventing him from calling for help. The car becomes engulfed in flames. The rogue cop crawls out of the burning wreckage, attacking the stunned tow truck driver. As the spirit of the cop touches the tow truck driver, he instantly freezes. The girl scrambles away, back into the damaged tow truck, attempting to start it and failing while the spirit cop reaches her and tries to attack her. That's when the spirit of her Ride Share driver appears, once more defeating the rogue cop's spirit. The girl climbs from the car, seeing the ghost of driver standing in the woods. He apologizes and says he would have explained everything to her if they had had more time. She accepts his good intentions and then follows him through the woods. They pass through the cabin where the priests/monks once lived (and died) and various other signs of the carnage created through the years by the rogue cop until they eventually reach the service station where they had stopped hours ago for fuel and a bathroom break. Paramedics show up to treat the girl and the movie ends with her pulling up a single snapshot she took of the guy, her driver. 
 Destiny Ridge (1993 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jake and the Kid (19951999)Summaries Life in Crocus as seen through the eyes of a young lad, Ben, and his friend Jake. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 