nm0010157:

 Das de combate (1994)Summaries A novice private detective is on the trail of a serial strangler in Mexico City. After a failed marriage, engineer Hector Belascoaran Shayne (Sergio Goyri) decides to fulfill his wish of becoming a private detective. He learns about a serial strangler who leaves a trail of dead bodies, soon after, the psychopath begins taunt him with intimidating notes. A cat-and-mouse game unfolds. jairhcastillo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Todos los das son tuyos (2007)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eliseo, a photographer in Mexico City, becomes obsessed with his neighbour, Maria. When Maria is murdered by a Spanish nationalist, Eliseo's obsession turns him into the prime suspect. Now, he must find a way to prove his innocence while avoiding being captured by the police or murdered by the same killer who has killed several Vasc separatists. 
 Absuelto para matar (1995)Summaries A man is killed and his friend is charged for the crime but he isn't guilty, he must now find the real murderer. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Buscando el paraso (19931994)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 