nm0004809:

 The Medallion (2003)321) A Hong Kong detective suffers a fatal accident involving a mysterious medallion and is transformed into an immortal warrior with superhuman powers. Eddie, an indomitable Hong Kong cop, is transformed into an immortal warrior with superhuman powers after a fatal accident involving a mysterious medallion. Eddie enlists the help of British Interpol agent Nicole to determine the secret of the medallion and face down the evil Snakehead who wants to use its magical powers for his own nefarious plans. AB Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jackie Chan stars in this kung fu action comedy as Eddie Yang, a Hong Kong detective who is transformed into an immortal warrior with amazing speed and strength by an ancient medallion that hangs around the neck of a little boy, Jai (Alex Bao), who is the chosen one. The medallion is in two pieces and is brought together every 1,000 years by the chosen one. For anyone to receive the superhuman powers and immortality, an individual must die and be brought back to life by the touch of the medallion while in the hands of the chosen one. Eddie is working with Interpol to catch an international criminal, Snakehead (Julian Sands) who has been spotted at a temple in Hong Kong. Eddie must choose between saving the little boy from a fire in the temple or capturing Snakehead, of course, Snakehead escapes and flees the country. Since Eddie is the only one who saw his face, he must go to Ireland to help Interpol track him down. In Ireland, Eddie is reunited with his old flame Nicole James (Claire Forlani), who is very upset with Eddie for not calling her for months. While working on this case, Eddie and the little boy are locked in a shipping container, which is pushed overboard into the harbor. Eddie dies by drowning, but he was able to save the little boy who brings him back to life with all the powers of the medallion. You think Jackie Chan's martial arts are incredible at regular speed; he is fantastic with these new powers. Snakehead has discovered the powers of the medallion and has kidnapped the little boy to get the powers for himself. Eddie and Snakehead meet for a final battle to determine who will control the power and the fate of the world. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius (2001)541) An eight-year-old boy genius and his friends must rescue their parents after the adults are abducted by aliens. Jimmy Neutron is a boy genius and way ahead of his friends, but when it comes to being cool, he's a little behind. All until one day when his parents, and parents all over Earth are kidnapped by aliens, it's up to him to lead all the children of the world to rescue their parents. Damaris "Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius" tells the story of a young 11-year-old sixth grade schoolboy inventor named James Isaac "Jim" Neutron who has super boy-genius powers, he has a pet homemade cyber-dog and loves making homemade inventions, gadgets, machines, science tech and rube-Goldberg machines and wishes he never had parents. wouldn't that be fun? but however, when giant evil egg-like alien monsters from outer space attack planet Earth, Jimmy and his dog must have an amazing sci fi adventure through space and battle evil to save his family, his friends and the entire universe from aliens and hopefully get back home for dinner in time. Jimmy also learns to listen to his parents, and discovers things aren't really so great when they're gone. Jimmy Neutron is a fourth grade boy genius, he has been having trouble on finding his place in the world, his antics leads him to get punished by his parents. Jimmy and his friends sneak out so they can go to the grand opening of a theme park. Jimmy and his friends wish that their parents will go away. When that wish comes true, Jimmy and his friends begin to enjoy their newfound freedom without their parents. However, Jimmy and his friends begin to miss their parents, he and his friends soon realize that their parents have been captured by aliens. Jimmy and his friends embark on a daring rescue mission to save their parents from being sacrificed by Poultra. Jimmy comes to appreciate everything has parents have done for him and he learns the true meaning of being there for his friends and family. dawsonpersi Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. James Isaac "Jim" Neutron is a young 10-year-old sixth grade schoolboy inventor who has super boy-genius intelligent powers, he has a pet homemade cyber-dog, lives in the Texas town of Retroville and loves making homemade inventions, robots, gadgets, science tech and rube-Goldberg machines and wishes he never had parents. Jimmy's best friends are overweight clumsy Carlton Ulysses "Carl" Wheezer and Mexican superhero-obsessed Ramon Guevera "Sheen" Estevez. Jimmy also has a rivalry with his intelligent classmate Cyndthia Aura "Cindy" Vortex, who teases, insults, hates and picks on him for his short stature. The film starts off with a rocket carrying two boys and a robotic dog: Jimmy Neutron, Carl Wheezer and Goddard The Dog. Jimmy is attempting to launch a homemade communications satellite made out of a kitchen toaster, hoping to communicate with an alien species he believes exists somewhere out in the universe after getting a message from space. despite his parents, Mr Hugh Beaumont Neutron and Mrs Judith "Judy" Neutron's protest in talking to strangers and playing with rockets. Unknown to anyone, the satellite is picked up and intercepted near the Planet Yolkus, home to an alien race of dark evil alien egg-like slime monsters from outer space called the Yolkian Eggpire. the Yolkian king leader, King Goobot V, and his Yolkian younger brother, assistant helper, trusty sidekick and butler minion, Ooblar, watch a pre-recorded message from Jimmy, featuring him introducing himself and explaining about life on Earth. Jimmy, Carl, and their friend Sheen spot a poster for a the opening night party of a futuristic sci-fi-styled amusement park funfair called "Retroland Theme Park." However, Jimmy's parents refuse to let him go that night because it is a school night, and as a result, Jimmy is grounded and forced to go his room to think about what he has done wrong after accidentally causing a fire on a curtain with one of his his homemade jet-pack inventions. Jimmy, Carl and Sheen subsequently choose to sneak out and visit the park advised by Nicholas "Nick" Dean, a cool and charmingly handsome popular kid. they all have a their time of their lives and a huge night of fun. As the three are at the park, the Yolkian Eggpire set a course for Planet Earth, where all arrive, they kidnap and abduct all the adults in the city, leaving fake notes on the refrigerators to tell the kids that they have gone to Florida for an "extended vacation". Coincidentally, Carl spots a shooting star (actually a Yolkian ship that they mistaken for a star), so he, Jimmy and Sheen wish for no more parents so they can have fun all the time. The next morning, the kids discover that the parents have all disappeared. they all have a day of running around doing wrong things and have a huge party celebration. but the next day they feel sick, sad and lonely, and realise they need their parents and that things aren't so great without them. After hearing a message from his parents that Goddard had recorded while posing as Jimmy last night, Jimmy becomes suspicious of the fact that his parents said that they would see him in the morning despite not being there. He soon discovers what has really happened. Jimmy organizes the other children in town to build homemade spaceship rockets from the Retroland rides that they tear apart to travel to Yolkus and get their families back. after narrowly surviving a giant meteorite shower and camping on an asteroid, eventually they reach Yolkus and are captured by Goobot, who tells them that the parents are possessed and hypnotised by hypno-mind-control devices on their heads and are to be sacrificed to their Yolkian Goddess of Wrath and the biggest and most deadly creature in the galaxy, Lord Poultra. He shows the kids Jimmy's video, thanking him for helping him find suitable species for their ritual, before having the children locked up in their prison dungeon cells. With Jimmy feeling guilty over the fact that his actions led to the Yolkans abducting the parents in the first place, his rival/love interest Cindy Vortex convinces him to stand up and think of an escape plan by confessing that they really need him. Jimmy manages to contact Goddard using a cellphone belonging to Cindy's best friend Libby Folfax. After breaking out with the help of Goddard, the children find their parents in a huge Colosseum where a giant egg is hatched, releasing Poultra, revealed to be a giant alien chicken monster. Jimmy and the kids (with the exception of Nick, as he turns out not so brave), in accordance with Jimmy's plan, manage to stop the parents from being sacrificed to Poultra and foil the Yolkians' plan by battling the Yolkian guard army and stealing the hypno-remote control. Everyone escapes aboard a Yolkian escape vessel that Sheen steals from the Yolkians and knocks Poultra out cold, but Goobot follows them in his ship at the head of the giant Yolkian fleet army. With the exception of Goobot's ship, all of the Yolkian ships are destroyed when Jimmy baits them into flying too close to Yolkus' sun. Jimmy and Goddard then use an experimental homemade shrink ray gun to grow to the size of a giant planet, and blow Goobot's ship into an asteroid: Goobot and Ooblar survive the explosion, but Goobot declares that they have not seen the last of him and vows revenge. Jimmy reconciles with his parents for not understanding strangers, as all the other kids reunite with theirs, and they make it on their way back home. and Jimmy admits that despite his intelligence, he still depends on them. Cindy and Jimmy decide that Cindy should continue to insult him, Jimmy decides never to say to anyone that Cindy was nice to him and Cindy decides not to call him "short". the Neutrons get home in time for dinner. In a final scene of the film, Jimmy and Carl have breakfast at a sleepover, during which Jimmy's parents drink one of his homemade burp soda formula experiments (that causes significant belching), thinking it is real soda and they all laugh out loud and keep burping 'til the credits roll. In the post credits scene, Miss Winfred Fowl, the schoolteacher, is shown taming a worm when having been shrunk by Jimmy's shrink ray prior to the film and the film ends. 
 The Princess Diaries (2001)541) Mia Thermopolis has just found out that she is the heir apparent to the throne of Genovia. With her friends Lilly and Michael Moscovitz in tow, she tries to navigate through the rest of her sixteenth year. Mia Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway) is the average teenager - sweet, a little geeky, and pretty much invisible to everyone with the exception of her mother, best friend Lilly (Heather Matarazzo) and Lilly's older brother Michael (Robert Schwartzman). Making it through high school without throwing up is a challenge in itself for Mia, so it doesn't come as welcome news when her estranged grandmother, Queen Clarisse Renaldi (Dame Julie Andrews), shows up out of the blue and calmly informs her that she is in fact the heir to the throne of a European country called Genovia. Suddenly Mia's life is thrown into complete overload. She's being taught about scarves, waves, and pears in order to become a perfect Princess, she gets a makeover and a tough looking, yet sweet bodyguard and limo driver called Joe (Hector Elizondo). Things get out of hand when the media gets a hold of the story and suddenly Mia is thrust into the spotlight in the newspapers and in school. On top of all of that, Mia has a choice to make. She must decide by Genovia's Independence Day Ball whether she longs to relinquish her claim on the throne or to become the Princess and heir to the throne her father, Philippe Renaldi (Rene Auberjonois), and grandmother want her to be. LadyN1 A socially awkward but very bright 15-year-old girl being raised by a single mom discovers that she is the princess of a small European country because of the recent death of her long-absent father, who, unknown to her, was the crown prince of Genovia. She must make a choice between continuing the life of a San Francisco teen or stepping up to the throne. While Mia makes up her mind, she's pressed into taking princess lessons from her grandmother. Anonymous Mia Thermopolis (Anne Hathaway), an awkward San Francisco teenager, has just learned her deceased father, Philippe Renaldi (Rene Auberjonois), was the Crown Prince of Genovia. To keep the royal reigns from passing to another family due to a broken bloodline, Queen Clarisse Renaldi (Dame Julie Andrews) seeks the favor of her estranged granddaughter in hopes that she will take her father's place as the Crown Princess. While Mia contemplates her future, her grandmother insists on turning her from a social misfit to a lady fit for the throne. What these two discover about each other is that blood is more important than bloodlines. Robin <soonerzs@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mia Thermopolis ( Anne Hathaway ) is a fifteen-year-old tenth grade private school student who lives with her mother Helen Thermopolis ( Caroline Goodall ) and her cat, Fat Louie, in a renovated San Francisco firehouse. Mia is an average, plain-looking student, but extremely unpopular. She is seemingly invisible to her crush, Josh Bryant ( Erik von Detten ) and his cheerleader girlfriend Lana Thomas ( Mandy Moore ). Mia, however, has one best friend: Lilly Moscovitz ( Heather Matarazzo ) as well as Lilly's brother Michael ( Robert Schwartzman ). A few weeks before Mia's sixteenth birthday, Mia learns her paternal grandmother is visiting from Genovia, a small European kingdom. Mia meets her grandmother, Queen Clarisse Renaldi ( Julie Andrews ), at the Genovian consulate for the first time in her life. Queen Clarisse explains that the reason she wanted to see her was because of a "life-changing" problem. Mia learns that her father was Crown Prince of Genovia and, due to his recent death, she is now next and sole heir to the Genovian throne. She is shocked to learn that she is in fact a princess and runs away, rejecting the notion. Queen Clarisse visits Mia and Helen and explains that if Mia refuses the throne, Genovia will be without a ruler. She also explains that Mia needs to be presented as their princess at the upcoming Genovian State Dinner. Helen convinces Mia to attend "princess lessons" with the Queen, who tells Mia need not have to make her decision on accepting the throne until the annual Genovian Independence Day ball. The Queen gives Mia a limousine to use as well as her own bodyguard, Joseph "Joe" ( Hector Elizondo ), the Queen's head of security. Mia begins seeing her grandmother everyday after school for her lessons, which include table manners, dancing, and personal presentation. Mia's frequent absence begins to put Lilly on-edge, and after Mia receives a makeover from Italian hairdresser Paolo ( Larry Miller ), Lilly confronts her and accuses her of trying to be like the popular girls. Mia breaks down and tells Lilly everything, changing her friends' attitude completely. Mia makes Lilly promise not to tell anyone (including Michael) that she is a princess, because the Queen wants to keep everything a secret until the ball as to avoid a frenzy with the press. The San Francisco Chronicle however learns that Mia is the Genovian Crown Princess after Paolo violates his confidentiality agreement. Although thoroughly annoyed, Queen Clarisse presses onward and prepares for the State Dinner. Mia attends, but publicly humiliates herself and her grandmother with her clumsiness. The following day, Mia agrees to appear on Lilly's public-access television program Shut Up and Listen, and to watch Michael's band perform at a venue that Saturday night. Mia is almost sixteen, so she is almost able to drive a car (her "baby", a vintage Ford Mustang). She takes a test drive with her grandmother and they go to an arcade. Mia asks her grandmother if her father wanted to be prince; she replies he did but that he thought of abdicating only once-when he fell in love with Helen. However, he realized his love for his country was greater. While driving back to the Genovian consulate, Mia's car fails on a hill and rams into one of San Francisco's famous cable cars loaded with people. No one is injured, but two nuns call the police. To save Mia a trip to the police station (she was driving without a license), Queen Clarisse appoints the police man and trolley master to the "Genovian Order of the Rose" (a fictitious Chivalric order she devised on the spot). The men are so flattered that they drop any charges and give Queen Clarisse and Mia a ride back to the consulate in a police car. Josh Bryant, the cute boy Mia has a crush on, asks her to go with him to the school's annual beach party. She excitedly agrees, but Michael and Lilly are both hurt that she blew them off for the popular kids. Mia's mother wisely points out Josh never liked her before all this princess business, but Mia ignores this observation. The beach party goes well at first, but spirals out of control when the media arrives (Tipped off by Lana). Josh uses Mia to get his fifteen minutes of fame by publicly kissing her, after which Lana and her two popular friends trick Mia into undressing in a tent. They remove the tent as she is semi-nude and humiliate her by calling the paparazzi, who snap photos of her covered in a towel. Mia's gym coach shoos off the paparazzi and takes Mia home. Later that night, Mia cries in her mother's arms. The unflattering photos wind up on tabloid covers the following day and this displeases Queen Clarisse. She chides her granddaughter, then tells her that she may still attend the ball and invite friends, except Josh. Joe later reminds Queen Clarisse that although Mia is a princess, she is still a teenager and Clarisse's granddaughter. To rescue her friendships with Lilly and Michael, Mia apologizes and invites them to the Genovian Independence Day Ball, where she must reveal her decision on accepting the duties of a princess. Around the same time, Mia publicly humiliates Lana by smearing ice cream on her cheerleader dress at school in front of students and calling her a jerk, much to her distress and the amusement of the other students (including Lilly, who is very impressed). The teachers don't intervene, knowing that she deserved it. Upon learning she must personally and publicly announce her decision, the terrified Mia plans to run away. She is stopped when she finds a sixteenth birthday gift (the titular diary) and a letter from her father written before his death. Touched by his words, she changes her mind and makes her way to the ball. Her car breaks down on the way, but she is saved by Joe, who arrives with a limousine (having suspected her plans to run away). When they arrive, Mia makes a speech, voicing her acceptance of the Genovian throne. She shares her first dance with Michael, who then takes her outside to the consulate's garden where they kiss. Clarisse and Joe are seen holding hands, signifying the start of a relationship. The last scene shows Mia on the plane with Joe and her cat, whose name is Fat Louie. Mia is writing in her diary, explaining that she is moving with her mother to Genovia, and that Lilly and Michael will visit her during summer holiday. When Mia looks out of the plane's window, Joe welcomes her to Genovia as she sees the beautiful royal palace and landscape below. 
 A Cinderella Story (2004)651) Routinely exploited by her wicked stepmother, the downtrodden Samantha Montgomery is excited about the prospect of meeting her Internet beau at the school's Halloween dance. Samantha Montgomery (Hilary Duff) or "Sam", has a rough childhood with her father dying in an earthquake and a new stepmother with two awful daughters. But on the bright side, Sam has an awesome best friend named Carter (Dan Byrd) and an e-mail relationship with a guy named Nomad. One day, Sam gets an e-mail from her Nomad saying that he wants to meet her in the middle of the dance floor at their high school Halloween dance. She accepts the invitation and glides into the room wearing the best outfit ever. Her Nomad takes her outside where they share a romantic dance together and Sam realizes that her e-mail friend is the most popular guy in school, Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray). She runs back to her stepmother's diner before she knows she went to the dance and drops her phone on the way. Austin finds it and starts a search for his Cinderella. bella yeager Samantha Montgomery (Hilary Duff), a teenager in California, is obliged to work as a janitor and dishwasher in the diner of her stepmother, Fiona (Jennifer Coolidge). After a cell phone mix-up, Sam begins an anonymous text-messaging and e-mail relationship with a boy. They agree to meet at a school dance, but when Samantha finds out that her secret pen pal is none other than Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray), the cutest boy in school, she panics and looks for a way to make herself cooler. Dynasti At eight-years-old, the blonde Samantha Montgomery (Hannah Robinson) lost her father to an earthquake, leaving her to live in an attic, while her stepmother Fiona (Jennifer Coolidge), and stepsisters, Gabriella (Andrea Avery Ray) and Brianna (Madeline Zima) take over her life. With popular kids Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray), Shelby Cummings (Julie Gonzalo), and their crew, then her house family, the only escapes she has are the Diner Staff, her best friend Carter (Dan Byrd), and an on-line buddy, Nomad. They both go to North Valley High and dream of going to Princeton. They have a relationship that goes on through text messages and e-mails. He finally asks her to the Halloween dance, where they meet, and she finds out Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray) is Nomad. Not knowing who his "Cinderella" is, he goes on one of the toughest quests ever, as Samantha's (Hilary Duff's) friends convince her to tell him. He finds out at a more than humiliating pep rally that Cincerella is "Diner Girl". She finally tells off her steps, and she manages to tell off Austin. At the end, they end up dating, going to Princeton, and she finds her dad's will, stating it leaves everything to Samantha. Happy Ever After? Who knows. Kaylynn Samantha Montgomery (Hilary Duff) is a tomboy, unpopular at school and struggling at home with a cruel stepmother and two spoiled stepsisters. She's been exchanging texts with someone called Nomad for a few months and he's asked her to meet him at the Halloween dance, on the dancefloor, at 11 p.m. Samantha has a problem, she must be back at her stepmother Fiona's (Jennifer Coolidge's) diner by midnight, which doesn't give her much time at all. Before Nomad can find out who she is, or she him, she has to leave the party with the help of her best friend Carter (Dan Byrd). After the party everything takes a strange turn as she continues to navigate the halls of her high school and the nightmare that is her home life. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Samantha 'Sam' Montgomery (Hilary Duff) lived a semi-fairytale life with her widowed father when she was 8 years old in a suburb in California. Later, her father opened up a Diner named after him and fell in love with a woman named Fiona (Jennifer Coolidge) who he later married. One day, a falling support beam kills her father in the 1994 Northridge earthquake and leaves her with her plastic-surgery-salmon-eating-obsessed stepmother and her two cruel stepsisters Brianna (Madeline Zima) and Gabriella (Andrea Avery). 10 years later, Sam is a straight-A student enduring her uncaring stepmother's wrath, who turned her father's cafe into a girly hot-pink hot spot and forces her to work as a "diner girl". In addition to her family, Sam must deal with the "popular" girls at school, led by the lead cheerleader, Shelby (Julie Gonzalo) who, according to Carter (Dan Byrd) "wants him so bad". Sam confides in her best friend Carter and cyber-space, pen-pal, her "secret admirer" who wants to attend Princeton with her. What she doesn't know is that her secret admirer turns out to be Austin Ames (Chad Michael Murray), quarterback of the football team and the most popular boy at school who is currently dating Shelby. As they text each other back and forth, Austin (or, as he refers to himself in cyberspace, "Nomad") invites Sam to the Halloween Dance so they can meet face-to-face. Austin dumps Shelby a few hours before the dance. At the same time, Fiona forces Sam to work late at the diner that night until midnight. Carter, Rhonda (Regina King) - Sam's mentor and friend at the diner who also works there, and the other cafe employees help Sam get to the dance, masquerading as Cinderella in a mask and Rhonda's wedding dress. She meets Austin in the middle of the dance floor and is at first put off by the fact that her "Nomad" is Austin. He soon wins her over, and they move outside together. They play "10 Questions", Sam never revealing her identity, as they dance outside in a gazebo. However, Sam's cell phone alarm goes off 15 minutes before midnight, warning her to run back to the diner before she's caught, leaving Austin without Sam's real name. Austin and Sam, or Prince Charming and Cinderella are chosen as the Homecoming Prince and Princess but "Cinderella is playing hard to get". As Sam and Carter flee the dance, once Sam has managed to pull Carter (or Zorro who he went as) away from Shelby who he is kissing after he prevented David, one of Austin's friends, from making a move on her, Sam drops her cell phone and Austin picks it up, determined to find out who this "Cinderella" is. Sam goes to school the next day to find Austin performing a school-wide search for his Cinderella. Sam is still feeling uncomfortable about revealing herself to Austin, who in turn is still searching obsessively. One afternoon, Sam's stepsisters find her emails while snooping around on her computer. After unsuccessfully trying to pass themselves off as Cinderella to Austin, they end up showing the emails to Shelby and her friends. The stepsisters make her believe Sam stole Austin on purpose, so she puts together a cruel skit to perform at a football pep rally in order to humiliate Sam. The skit is performed in front of the whole school, as well as Austin's father who is present at the pep rally and has been pressuring Austin to attend college to play football at USC, his alma mater. Austin has never told his father he really wants to attend Princeton University. Hurt and humiliated, Sam goes back home and Fiona brings her a letter from Princeton saying that she wasn't accepted. This is, in actuality, a fake letter as Fiona and the stepsisters threw out the real letter from Princeton which said she was accepted (most likely so she wouldn't leave the diner). The next day, after Brianna and Gabriella slam the door so the guitar with Elvis on falls down, ripping off the wallpaper and exposing a quote that says "Never let the fear of striking out, keep you from playing the game" and blaming this on Sam, she reads this aloud and decides she has had enough of her step-family and their abusive treatment. She quits working at the diner, tells Fiona that "she can mess with her hair, her nose, her face and even her dad's diner, but she's through messing with her", and moves in with Rhonda. The night of the big football game, Sam storms into the boys locker room and confronts Austin, saying that she's fed up with his two different identities, one to her and one to his friends "Waiting for you is like waiting for rain in this drought, useless and disappointing." In the last few moments of the game, as the game is about to start again and Austin is going to score the touchdown the North Valley Fighting Frogs need to go to the semi-finals of the State Championships, Austin sees Sam leaving and abandons the game, but as he is running off the pitch, his father grabs him and asks him what he is doing, throwing away his dream like that, to which Austin replies "no dad, I'm throwing away yours", and makes up with Sam and kisses her, at the very same time it starts raining. In the end, Sam finds her father's hidden will which leaves everything to her. She has Fiona taken for questioning by the district attorney for keeping it a secret when her signature was plainly on the document. The stepsisters manage to find Sam's real Princeton-acceptance letter in the garbage, where they'd "filed" it. Hal's Diner is finally restored to normal, and, after making a deal with the district attorney, Fiona, Brianna, and Gabriella are forced work at the diner to pay off their community service debts, under supervision from Rhonda. Carter gets a role in a commercial, which becomes a success, thus landing Carter, Shelby's interest, but he sees her for what she really is and rejects her for the school's radio presenter Astrid. The last scene is Sam and Austin sitting where at the start Sam is shown with her dad, and Austin is returning her phone. As a testament to the dance he starts attaching it to her ankle, which is how it was attached at the party, but she takes it before he can finish and they kiss then ride off to Princeton and their new future together. 