nm0003910:

 Any Day Now (I) (2012)Summaries In the 1970s, a gay couple fights a biased legal system to keep custody of the abandoned mentally handicapped teenager that comes to live under their roof. In the late 1970s, when a mentally handicapped teenager is abandoned, a gay couple takes him in and becomes the family he's never had. But once the unconventional living arrangement is discovered by authorities, the men must fight a biased legal system to adopt the child they have come to love as their own. @anydaynowmovie Set in the 1970s and inspired by a true story, the film chronicles a gay couple who take in a teenage boy with Down Syndrome who has been abandoned by his drug addicted mother. As the teen discovers the strong bonds of family for the first time in his life, disapproving authorities step in to tear the boy from the only stable environment he has ever known. As the gay men fight to adopt this extraordinary special needs child, they wage an unlikely and unforgettable battle against a system stacked against them. any day now plot It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Child's Play 3 (1991)321) Chucky returns for revenge against Andy, the young boy who defeated him, and now a teenager living in a military academy. It's been eight years since the events in the second film, we now see that Andy is a teenager who has been enrolled in a military school. Play Pals Toy Company decides to re-release its Good Guys line, feeling that after all this time, the bad publicity has died down. As they re-used old materials, the spirit of Charles Lee Ray once again comes to life. In his search for Andy, Chucky falls into the hands of a younger boy, and he realizes that it may be easier to transfer his soul into this unsuspecting child. Andy is the only one who knows what Chucky is up to, and it's now up to him to put a stop to it. Phil Fernando Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Seceding the events of the previous film, negative publicity and numerous lawsuits enveloped the Play Pals toy company for the past eight years. In recent times, the case pertaining to the infamous Chucky doll and the dispute the Barclay family caused that started in a nationwide uproar, has come to an all time low. The board executives of Play Pals Toy Company hold a meeting to reinstate their most popular marketing product feeling that re-launching the franchise would be in the company's best interest. The CEO and President of the company, Chris Sullivan concludes the final decision will be creating progress by introducing the Good Guy doll back on store shelves. With this, he makes a final statement claiming, "Andy Barclay's ancient history. Nobody remembers him. Nobody cares." With the decision being made factories in the Chicago area are refurnished, including the same factory where Chucky was destroyed in the previous installment. Chucky's remains are brought into a vat where his blood mixes in with fresh liquified plastic reincarnating his once dormant soul within the doll. In celebration, the executives unwittingly present Mr. Sullivan with a newly reconstructed Chucky as a gift for being the first one off the assembly line. Back at Mr. Sullivan's penthouse, Chucky escapes his box and spills a jar of marbles onto the floor, which Mr. Sullivan accidentally slips and falls on. When he attempts to get back up, Chucky violently whacks him in the skull with a golf club, before throwing several darts into his spine, paralyzing him. Chucky then, leaps onto his backside and strangles him with the wire of a yo yo. Once Mr. Sullivan is finished off, Chucky uses Sullivan's computer to look up the records on Andy Barclay whom he discovers after failing to cope in a series of foster homes, has been remanded to Kent Military Academy as a last resort. At the Academy, Barclay, now sixteen, is subsequently interviewed by the school's commandant, Colonel Cochran. Cochran begrudingly enrolls Barclay into the system under the pretense he will "be a man and forget his killer doll fantasies." After military formation, Ronald Tyler, an eight year old juvenile cadet, visits mailing officer Sargeant Clark, inquiring about notifications from his father, an air force pilot, stationed in Japan. Sgt. Clark replies no, but attempts to cheer the disappointed boy up by requesting of him to deliver a package addressed to Barclay. Tyler accepts the errand and heads off. En route to his destination, Tyler accidentally drops the object down a stairwell causing some of the brown packaging to tear off, revealing that the package contains a Good Guy doll. Tyler clandestinely takes the package outside and into the adjoining Armory Department where he rapidly opens it up to admire the contents. Chucky angrily bursts out of the box and reprimands Tyler for commiting a federal offense, feeling the boy has thwarted his plans in possessing Barclay's soul, when he stops himself in mid-sentence and realizes that now his soul inhabits a new body, and he hasn't revealed his identity to anyone, Tyler would make the perfect candidate. Chucky befriends the boy and introduces his malevolent plot through a game called Hide the Soul which Tyler unknowingly agrees to play. Chucky's ritual is interrupted when Colonel Cochran and a fellow Major enter the department taking inventory for the upcoming, annual War Games. Disapproving of Tyler's girlish doll playing, Cochran confiscates the doll and takes it outside onto the field. Barclay and several other cadets are practicing proper rifle technique when suddenly Barclay notices Cochran and Chucky realizing the doll has returned for him once again. Barclay's beliefs are confirmed when he hears the cries of the garbage truck driver being crushed underneath the trash compactor in Chucky's crude effort to escape. Later that evening, Chucky confronts Barclay in his room where he informs him of his newest scheme to steal the soul of Tyler while planning to kill Barclay to prevent intervention. Barclay refuses to let Chucky anywhere near Tyler and ambushes the doll, bashing it's head onto the floor. Unexpectedly, Cadet Lieutenant Brett C. Shelton, a lieutenant colonel, walks into the room and confiscates Chucky. When Shelton is asleep, Barclay sneaks into his room intending to retrieve the doll. After being spooked by Chucky, who makes a quick getaway, Barclay inadvertently wakes up Shelton who rams Andy up against a wall, before realizing Chucky is missing. In order to weed out the supposed thief who Shelton believes stole the doll, Shelton forces the cadets to participate in an exercise outside in the courtyard until someone confesses to the theft. Barclay attempts to sneak out of the routine when he is apprehended by Shelton who forces him back into the activity. Meanwhile, Chucky stalks the halls of the juveniles' corridor before discovering a note Tyler left for him, misinterpreting their little rendezvous for playing a game of hide and seek. Chucky locates Tyler in Colonel Cochran's office where they proceed with their game of Hide the Soul. When they are faced with, yet another interruption this time by cadets Kristen DeSilva and Ivers. The three flee after hearing the sound of Cochran walking down the hallway. Cochran enters his office where he throws Chucky into a wastebasket. He turns around for a brief moment and discovers Chucky, who has escaped the wastebasket, brandishing a knife. The sight of the doll, triggers Colonel Cochran to go into fatal cardiac arrest. The following morning, while the cadets are recieving instruction from Sgt. Clark pertaining to the War Games. The Academy's sinister barber Sgt. Botnick finishes giving a haircut to cadet Harold Aubrey Whitehearst, Barclay's roommate. After Whitehearst leaves, Botnick finds Chucky in a cabinet and decides to give the doll a haircut. Chucky defensively slashes the man's throat with a shaving knife witnessed by Whitehearst who had returned to retrieve his jacket. After being frightened away by Chucky, Whitehearst returns to his rightful place in line where Barclay realizes he saw Chucky though Whithearst won't admit to anything. Meanwhile, Chucky enters the Armory Department where he replaces the paint bullets from the Red Team's rifles with live rounds. After instruction is finished, both teams head out in different directions with Tyler on the Red Team and DeSilva, Barclay, and Whitehearst on the Blue Team. Later that night, Barclay swipes Shelton's reconaissance map and offers for Whitehearst to tag along with him to rescue Tyler. While, Whitehearst refuses to get involved, he does agree to cover for Barclay, in case anyone questions his whereabouts. Minutes after Barclay leaves, Shelton discovers the map is missing, and after Whitehearst fails to lie to him, comes to the conclusion Barclay is betraying his team in hopes of gaining glory for exposing the Reds first. Shelton immediately orders his team to set out in hopes of stopping Barclay. Meanwhile, Barclay is discerned to find Chucky has already located Tyler and taken him. Before he can set out to search for them, Barclay is cornered by Shelton and the Blue Team. Meanwhile, Chucky and Tyler end up in a secluded section of the woods where Chucky threatens Tyler with a Bowie knife. Tyler acting in self-defense sticks Chucky in the shoulder with a pocketknife before running into Barclay and the Blue Team. Chucky radios Barclay where he informs him that he is holding DeSilva hostage and will bomb her with a grenade if Tyler isn't delivered to him effective immediately. As the Blue Team sets out, Chucky poses as a fellow Red Team cadet announcing that there is a Blue Team sighting at his location. When the Blue Team arrives, the exchange between Tyler and DeSilva is successful when the Red Team descend upon the area and begin firing randomly. Shelton is shot and killed amidst the crossfire when the Red Team cease fire realizing they are using live ammunition. Major Ellis, Shelton's lieutenant, blames Barclay of the ensuing chaos and initiates a fight with him. Tyler uses the diversion to escape down hillside to a nearby carnival. Before pursuing him, Chucky throws the grenade at the quarreling cadets. This is only witnessed by Whitehearst who bravely leaps onto the grenade, sacrificing himself to save the others. When the cadets take a moment to realize what has just occurred, Barclay and DeSilva race off after Chucky and Tyler. When they arrive at the carnival, Barclay and DeSilva discover the cadaver of a dead security officer, killed by Chucky, which DeSilva puts to good use by nabbing his spare gun. She instigates a shootout with Chucky where Chucky is successful in shooting her in the leg. Leaving Barclay to take the gun and move on. Chucky manages to invoke the voodoo ritual onto an unconscious Tyler where they sit upon a foam, skull mountain inside of a horror themed amusement ride. Barclay climbs the mountain while shooting at Chucky. He shoots Chucky's arm off and subdues him for a brief moment while Barclay tends to Tyler. He ends up accidentally dropping Tyler down the side of the mountain, holding onto him by his hand. Chucky leaps onto Barclay from behind when Tyler hands Barclay his pocketknife which Barclay uses to slice Chucky's hand off. Chucky loses grip onto Barclay where he falls into a large fan which mutilitates him into pieces. Police and ambulances emerge onto the scene with DeSilva being loaded into an ambulance and transported to a nearby hospital. While Barclay is taken off by the police for questioning. 
 Girl, Interrupted (1999)431) Based on writer Susanna Kaysen's account of her 18-month stay at a mental hospital in the late 1960s. In 1967, Susanna Kaysen had a headache and chased a bottle of aspirin with a bottle of vodka. This landed her in the mental institution, Claymoore. Here she is diagnosed, by Dr. Melvin Potts, with borderline personality disorder. When she arrives at Claymoore, she is greeted by Nurse Valerie Owens and shown round the woman's ward. Here she meets Georgina Tuskin, a pathological liar who is fixated with The Wizard of Oz; Polly Clark, a childlike schizophrenic; Janet Webber, a sardonic anorexic patient; Daisy Randone, a girl who won't let anyone in her room, and only eats her father's chicken; and Lisa Rowe, a sociopath who controls the other patients, and makes lives hard for the nurses at Claymoore. Through the movie, Lisa gains and loses control over Susanna and we see how bad she really can be. The movie's ending shows Susanna being released from Claymoore after an 18-month stay. How does Susanna take back her control? This movie battles subjects such as mental heath, abuse, self-harm and suicide. In 1967, Susanna Kaysen is depressed and directionless after finishing high school. Afterwards, she discusses this with a psychiatrist. She had been having some delusions. She had also been having an affair with the husband of her parents' friend. The doctor suggests that combining a bottle of aspirin and a bottle of vodka was a suicide attempt. This she denies. He recommends a short period of rest at Claymoore. Claymoore is a private mental hospital full of noisy, crazy people. Georgina Tuskin is a pathological liar and Susanna's roommate. Polly Clark has been badly scarred by fire. Daisy Randone self-harms and won't eat in the presence of other people. Lisa Rowe is a sociopath, the biggest exasperation for the staff - like Nurse Valerie Owens - and the biggest influence on the other girls in the hospital. Lisa has a history of escapes, so gaining access to personal medical files is not a problem - Susanna's boyfriend Tobias Jacobs is concerned that she seems too comfortable living with her institutionalized friends. David Woodfield Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Susanna Kaysen is a young woman of eighteen, and her life isn't exactly what a normal eighteen-year-old's life is suppose to be like. To her, any kind of sex is casual, and it doesn't matter who she does it with or when, as long as she gets it. At graduation, she falls asleep, proving she has little interest for the norms of prize-givings or anything to do with what's accepted by society. At her father's birthday party, she is under dressed and is of course moaned at by her hypocritical mother. Here we learn that her parent's friends are just as false as what is accepted by everyone. And then it becomes clear that Susanna has been sleeping with her mother's friend's husband. This drives her to try to commit suicide with aspirin and a bottle of vodka to get it all down. At the ER, she claims that she doesn't have bones in her wrists anymore, and tells the psychiatrist at home that the bones grew back by the time she got to the hospital. So she is shipped off to Claymoore, a local mental institution and put in the ward for women only. Here she meets a multitude of people who really do have problems: a sardonic anorexic, a girl who burned herself as a child, a lesbian (at the time was thought of as a mental disorder), a bulimic, and her roommate, a compulsive liar. The ward is managed by Nurse Valerie Owens, who is very clever, but is unable to become a doctor due to her race. All the nursing staff and the patients are kept marginally sane by Valerie, and she and Susanna have a complex relationship. Susanna is questionably diagnosed with having borderline personality disorder. Things really get started when the sociopath runaway patient, Lisa Rowe, returns to the ward and turns Susanna's world upside down and inside out. She is a force to be reckoned with - she is magnetic, rebellious, doesn't take her meds and is unhealthy for the other patients as she breaks down their self-esteem regularly. Due to the fact that her last best friend, Jamie, couldn't hack this when she ran away, Lisa befriends Susanna and together they start a world of trouble. Susanna keeps a diary of all her thoughts and feelings, also illustrating in it, and telling the tale of her stay through her daily entries. Her ex-boyfriend, Tobias Jacobs, comes to visit her and she very nearly tries to have sex with him in her room. He tells her he wants them to run away to Canada together so that he doesn't have to go to Vietnam. He tells her she isn't crazy and that the girls in the institution aren't really her friends. But she refuses to go with him, subconsciously beginning to rely on Lisa. Then she meets the head psychiatrist, Dr. Sonia Wick, and claims she is ambivalent, saying it means she doesn't care. But Dr. Wick sees through this mask and decides to have Susanna see her from now on. Afterwards, Lisa is taken into see the doctor, but doesn't return and Susanna falls into a depression. Nurse Valerie has had enough and throws her into an ice cold bath to wake her. She tells Susanna, after Susanna attacks her verbally and says that she doesn't know what she is doing, that she is a spoiled, lazy little girl who is driving herself crazy! And that if Susanna isn't careful, she will throw her life away on some stupid rebellion. That night, Lisa breaks into the ward, wild-eyed and crazy, and Susanna runs away with her so they can get to Disneyland. There they hook up with hippies and eventually crash at the bulimic Daisy's house after bribing her with promises of meds. But all turns bad when Lisa tells Daisy that she is a freak herself and that this apartment is all a mask to hide what's really happening. She breaks Daisy down, finally saying that Daisy probably likes her father molesting her and that it's probably all she has ever known. The next morning, Susanna wakes up and goes for a walk, to escape the sound of Lisa's voice and returns to find Daisy playing a record over and over again and Lisa in the kitchen. She goes up the stairs and finds Daisy's wrists slit and she hangs herself in the bathroom. Susanna goes back to the institution without Lisa, (who runs away again) and begins anew with Dr. Wick and her diary. When Susanna is ready to leave, Lisa breaks out of her padded cell and steals Susanna's diary. Beneath the ward in the maze of corridors, Lisa reads the diary aloud and tells the other girls what Susanna thinks of them. Susanna runs away from Lisa when she begins to chase her with a needle filled with a toxic-looking chemical. Susanna breaks her hand while trying to close a sliding metal door on Lisa and then they finally confront each other. Susanna finally tells Lisa that no one cares if she dies because she is already dead and her heart is cold. She also tells Lisa that she will begin her life again out of this hospital without Lisa and the others. Lisa has a mental breakdown and attempts to commit suicide but the other girls dissuade her from doing so. In the morning, Susanna is about to leave, but first she goes to visit Lisa and talks to her again. Now restrained to a bed, Lisa says that she isn't really cold and that she didn't mean to hurt Susanna. When she leaves, she says goodbye to all her friends, and gets into the taxicab saying that being crazy isn't about keeping a secret, it's just about everyone being personified. And by the seventies, most of her friends were out of the institution and leading lives. The girl who was just interrupted by herself and everyone else, is finally recovered from being a supposed borderline. 
 The Space Between (I) (2010)55) A cynical, alcoholic flight attendant and a Pakistani-American child prodigy find themselves both thrown together in the aftermath of the World Trade Center Attacks. Montine McLeod, a world-weary flight attendant, and Omar Hassan, a prematurely wise 10-year-old Pakistani-American boy connect with one another amidst the chaos of September 11, 2001. When Montine discovers the boy's direct personal link to the terrorist attacks, she instinctively embarks on an unsanctioned cross-country road trip to help Omar discover his uncertain future. Anonymous Montine McLeod ( Melissa Leo ) is a gruff, alcoholic, world-weary flight attendant. Omar Hassan ( Anthony Keyvan ) is a prematurely wise, 10-year-old Pakistani-American boy, traveling alone. The two randomly connect amidst the resulting chaos of that 2001 day, stranded by a forced landing in Houston and unable to return home to New York City. Montine intuitively embarks on an unsanctioned cross-country road trip in an effort to help the young Muslim, now unable to reach his father who works in the Tower s top-floor restaurant - and in the process, discovers her own path to redemption. Capturing the raw emotion that gripped the world following 9/11, The Space Between powerfully defines the experience first-hand through the eyes of an unlikely duo, two strangers brought together by tragedy and fate. Academy Award Winner Melissa Leo stars in this compelling story as Montine - a world weary, alcoholic flight attendant who is given charge of a young Muslim boy, Omar, travelling alone. On the fateful day, their plane, bound for New York, is diverted. Unaware of the chaos and devastation that has occurred, Montine is left with no choice but to head to the city to return the child to his father, who works in the Tower's top floor restaurant. As the news unfolds, they soon realize that the journey would become a road of discovery. For her, tolerance and understanding, for Omar, a need to trust an outsider. The Space Between is a compelling and emotional story of heartbreak, courage and redemption in the hours and days following the 9/11 attacks. Lonely flight attendant Montine McLeod and Omar Hassan, a 10-year-old Pakistani-American boy traveling alone, are on a plane that is grounded in Longview, Texas on the morning of 9/11/01. When Montine learns the boy's father works in the World Trade Center, she decides to drive the boy home to his uncertain future in New York City. As they journey across America's vast heartland in the hours and days immediately following the terrorist attacks, Montine and Omar help each other discover the importance of tolerance, redemption and hope. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 