nm0000233:

 Pulp Fiction (1994)761) The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption. Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) are two hit men who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen from their employer, mob boss Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). Wallace has also asked Vincent to take his wife Mia ( Uma Thurman ) out a few days later when Wallace himself will be out of town. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is an aging boxer who is paid by Wallace to lose his fight. The lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny, bizarre and uncalled-for incidents. Soumitra Faced with life's cruel irony, the unpredictable stories of a well-dressed pair of low-level hitmen; a gangster's statuesque moll, and a double-crossing prizefighter become inextricably intertwined, as the small-time crooks, Honey Bunny and Pumpkin, summon up the courage to hold up their favourite L.A. diner. Entrusted with retrieving a glow-emitting leather suitcase which belongs to their boss--the powerful crime kingpin, Marsellus--instead, the dark-suited gunmen, Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield, end up with a bloody mess. Fortunately--with men like Mr Wolf always around to handle a crisis--there's time to cool off in a long twist contest, while at the same time, the proud champion boxer, Butch, makes the decision of a lifetime. Soon, things will come full circle, as, once more, Jules and Vincent find themselves in the perfect dead-end situation, exactly where it all began: an all-too-familiar cafeteria. Is truth stranger than fiction? Nick Riganas Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ) and Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) are two thieves who, while dining at a coffee shop, decide that the best thing to do is to rob it. Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) and Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ), two hit men working for mob kingpin Marcellus Wallace (Ving Rhames'), are sent to retrieve a very special and very mysterious briefcase for their boss. Vincent later must also show Mrs. Wallace ( Uma Thurman ) a good time while her husband is out. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is an aging prizefighter who is being paid to "take a dive", but instead accidentally kills his opponent, and tries to flee town, but not before getting his dead father's lucky golden watch. These four seemingly unrelated stories are interwoven in a non-linear fashion. movies_are_forever Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) work as hit men for crime boss Marcellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). Wallace is currently dealing with Butch Collidge ( Bruce Willis ), a boxer who failed to throw a fight after taking Wallace's money and is now planning to flee the city, but can't leave his father's watch behind. Vincent faces some problems of his own when Wallace asks him to show his wife Mia ( Uma Thurman ) a good time while he's away. Some of these people redeem themselves and some don't, and all meet an end appropriate to their choices. rmlohner Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) and Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) are two hit men on the hunt for a briefcase whose contents were stolen from their boss, Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). They run into a few unexpected detours along the road. Marsellus is out of town, and he's gotten Vincent to take care of his wife, Mia ( Uma Thurman . That is, take her out for a night on the town. Things go smoothly until one of them makes a huge error. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is a boxer who's been approached by Marsellus and been told to throw his latest fight. When Butch ends up killing the other boxer, he must escape Marsellus. Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ) and Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) (not their real names) are two lovebirds/thieves who have decided to rob the restaurant they're currently eating at. But the restaurant doesn't turn out to be as easy as the other places they've robbed. G-reaper Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Late one morning in the Hawthorne Grill, a restaurant on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles, a young couple, Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) and Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ), discuss the pros and cons of robbing banks versus liquor stores. Then they add restaurants to the equation, realizing they can make more by taking customers' wallets than they get out of the till. The two kiss, declare they love each other and stand up in their booth, announcing that they're robbing the diner. Earlier in the day, Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) arrive at a San Fernando Valley apartment building. They are hit men in the employ of Marsellus Wallace and have come to retrieve a valuable belonging of Wallace's from a group of would-be crooks led by a young and naive guy named Brett ( Frank Whaley ). They take back the valuable item -- kept in a briefcase, it glows warmly and transfixes whoever looks at it. Jules recites what he claims is a Bible verse, Ezekiel 25:17, before he and Vincent execute Brett. Story #1: Vincent Vega And Marsellus Wallace's Wife At his strip club, Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ) pays boxer Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) to throw his next fight. Jules and Vincent arrive; though it's only a few hours after their visit to the Valley, the two hit men are sporting gym clothes in place of the suits they wore earlier in the day. While Jules heads to the men's room, Vincent goes to the bar and encounters Butch. The men take an instant disliking to each other. Vincent insults Butch but before Butch can retaliate, Marsellus calls Vincent over and embraces him. Marsellus is leaving town that evening and Vincent is to take Marsellus' wife, Mia ( Uma Thurman ), out for dinner to keep her entertained. Rumors abound that Marsellus gravely wounded another associate, Antoine, who he believed had been improperly friendly with Mia, so Vincent is nervous. Before picking Mia up, he visits his drug dealer, Lance ( Eric Stoltz ), and buys some high-quality heroin. Properly sedated, he escorts the cocaine-addicted, chain-smoking Mia to Jack Rabbit Slim's, a West Hollywood 1950s-themed restaurant. After some small talk about European travel, Mia's failed acting career, foot massage, and the rumors about Antoine (which Mia dispels), Mia enters herself and Vincent in a dance contest. They dance The Twist and win a trophy. After dinner, they return to the Wallace's home. Vincent goes to the bathroom to talk himself out of making a pass at Mia. Meanwhile, she discovers the baggie of heroin in his coat pocket and, assuming it's cocaine, snorts some. She immediately passes out and begins to foam at the mouth. Panicked, Vincent takes the dying Mia to Lance's where they argue about what to do with her. Following Lance's advice, Vincent is able to revive her with a shot of adrenaline administered straight to the heart. Vincent takes Mia home. They agree not to tell Marsellus what happened since both of them would get in trouble for it. Story #2: The Gold Watch The following night, before his fight, Butch dreams of an incident from his childhood: Back at his Tennessee home in 1973, Captain Koons ( Christopher Walken ) visited Butch to bring him a gold watch. The watch had belonged to Butch's great-grandfather, who took it to World War I with him. Butch's grandfather had taken it to World War II, and Butch's father to Vietnam. Butch's father died as a POW, but gave the watch to Koons to return to Butch. Koons says that he and Butch's father had to hide the watch in their rectums to keep it away from their captors. Butch reaches up with his hand and takes the watch from Koons. Butch wakes from the dream. Instead of throwing the match (offscreen), he fights so viciously that he kills his opponent. He took Marsellus' money and bet it on himself; his winnings will amount to a small fortune. Butch makes small talk with Esmarelda ( Angela Jones ), the driver of the cab he is in, who reveals that she knows he's the boxer who killed his opponent; she seems fascinated with the topic of death. Esmarelda drives Butch to the seedy motel where he and his French girlfriend, Fabienne ( Maria de Medeiros ), are staying, having abandoned their apartment. In the morning they will travel to Butch's hometown of Knoxville, Tennessee, claim their winnings, and leave the country. While packing the next morning, however, Fabienne reveals that she forgot the gold watch, the belonging Butch cherishes above all others. After a savage outburst in which he wrecks the motel room's television, Butch takes Fabienne's car to get the watch, parking a few blocks away and walking through a vacant lot to his apartment building as a precaution. He enters without incident and finds his wristwatch in the bedroom. He realizes he's not alone in the apartment when he notices a sub-machine gun in the kitchen. Catching Vincent off guard as he emerges from the bathroom, Butch kills him with the gun he found. He leaves his apartment after wiping the gun down with a tissue to remove his fingerprints. Leaving the apartment with his watch, Butch encounters Marsellus crossing the street. He tries to run Marsellus over with his car but only wounds him and is hit by another car himself. Both are injured and Marsellus chases Butch into a pawn shop. There, the owner, Maynard ( Duane Whitaker ), overpowers them. Marsellus and Butch wake up in the basement of the pawn shop, bound and gagged. Maynard has called his cousin Zed ( Peter Greene ), who works as a security guard. Maynard and Zed are apparently a pair of redneck serial killers who kill passersby who happen into their store. While the Gimp ( Stephen Hibbert ), a huge man-child dressed head to toe in black leather fetish gear, watches Butch, Maynard and Zed take Marsellus into the next room and begin to rape him. Butch manages to break the ropes and chair holding him and knocks out the Gimp. Ready to leave the pawn shop and Marsellus to his fate, Butch has an attack of conscience and procures a samurai sword and rescues Marsellus; in the process, Maynard is killed and Zed emasculated by a shotgun blast fired by Marsellus. Marsellus stays behind to oversee the torture-execution of Zed ("I'ma get medieval on your ass," he tells him), but promises that as long as Butch never mentions what happened and never returns to Los Angeles, Marsellus will forget that Butch betrayed him in the boxing ring. Butch agrees. In the final scene, Butch and Fabienne leave town on Grace, Zed's chopper-style motorcycle. Story #3: The Bonnie Situation Three days earlier, flashing back in time to just after Vincent and Jules finish killing Brett for stealing Marsellus' prized possession, a gang member (Alexis Arquette) they had not known about bursts out of the bathroom where he had apparently been when Jules and Vincent entered and empties a large pistol point blank at them. However, all of the bullets miss Vincent and Jules, hitting the wall behind them, so they return fire and kill the gang member. Jules is certain what occurred was divine intervention, but Vincent dismisses the idea. They leave with Marvin ( Phil LaMarr ), Marsellus' inside man in the gang. In the car, Jules continues his insistence that what happened in the apartment was a miracle and that he's retiring from Marsellus' gang. Vincent leans over the front seat, asking Marvin if he believes in miracles, but accidentally shoots him in the head and kills him. The inside of the car is now covered in blood and brain matter. Jules, furious at Vincent's klutziness, drives to the house of his only friend in the Valley, a former colleague named Jimmie ( Quentin Tarantino ). Jimmie lets them hide the car in his garage but angrily tells them that they have to get rid of the body within an hour -- before his wife Bonnie comes home from her night shift at a hospital. Jules calls Marsellus at his home to explain their predicament. Marsellus then calls Winston Wolf ( Harvey Keitel ), a suave and professional "cleaner" who solves problems. Wolf arrives at Jimmie's house and tells Vincent and Jules how to clean up the car and themselves -- they have to strip out of their business suits, be sprayed down with a garden hose and wear Jimmie's spare T-shirts and shorts (which explains their attire at the strip club) -- then helps them dispose of the car and body at a junkyard belonging to a discreet friend named Monster Joe, whose daughter is Mr. Wolf's girlfriend. With the whole situation resolved, Jules and Vincent decide to have breakfast at the Hawthorne Grill, where they continue their discussion about miracles. Jules reveals his plan to leave his criminal life and travel the globe as a mendicant, helping those suffering under tyranny. Vincent, upset that his friend and partner is leaving the life, mocks him, then goes to the bathroom. Just then Honey Bunny and Pumpkin (from the prologue) begin their robbery of the diner. They furiously collect the cash from the register and the patrons' wallets. Jules gives Pumpkin his wallet, but when Pumpkin tries to take Marsellus' briefcase, Jules pulls his gun and disarms Pumpkin. While Vincent holds Honey Bunny at bay, Jules explains to Pumpkin how, even earlier that morning, he would have killed Pumpkin and Honey Bunny without a second thought. He recites his ersatz version of Ezekiel 25:17 again: "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who in the name of charity and good will shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you." Jules explains that while he previously thought it was cool to make such a cold-blooded passage the last thing his victims heard, he now realizes that the "tyranny of evil men" part of the passage refers to him, and he intends to become a better person. He and Vincent allow Honey Bunny and Pumpkin to leave with all the money but not the briefcase. They leave the diner themselves and head to Marsellus' strip club. 
 From Dusk Till Dawn (1996)761) Two criminals and their hostages unknowingly seek temporary refuge in a truck stop populated by vampires, with chaotic results. After a bank heist in Abilene with several casualties, the bank robber Seth Gecko and his psychopath and rapist brother Richard Gecko continue their crime spree in a convenience store in the middle of the desert while heading to Mexico with a hostage. They decide to stop for a while in a low-budget motel. Meanwhile the former minister Jacob Fuller is traveling on vacation with his son Scott and his daughter Kate in a RV. Jacob lost his faith after the death of his beloved wife in a car accident and quit his position of pastor of his community and stops for the night in the same motel Seth and Richard are lodged. When Seth sees the recreational vehicle, he abducts Jacob and his family to help his brother and him to cross the Mexico border, promising to release them on the next morning. They head to the truck drivers and bikers bar Titty Twister where Seth will meet with his partner Carlos in the dawn. When they are watching the dancer Santanico Pandemonium, Seth and Richard fight with three bodyguards. But soon they discover that the bar is a coven of vampires and they need to fight until dawn to leave the place alive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After a bank heist, brothers Richie and Seth Gecko plan to head to Mexico to evade arrest. At a motel, Richie kills their hostage and their journey hits a hard spot, but, just when things could have gotten worse, the Fuller family shows up. Seth takes them hostage and the five successfully cross the border. The five pull to a bar called "The Titty Twister", where Seth will meet his handler in the morning. When moon strikes, the stripper and workers turn into vampires and the survivors must soon fight for their lives. Movieguy45 Seth Gecko and his younger brother Richard are on the lam after a bloody bank robbery in Texas. They escape across the border into Mexico and will be home-free the next morning, when they pay off the local kingpin. They just have to survive 'from dusk till dawn' at the rendezvous point, which turns out to be a Hell of a strip joint. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> The Gecko brothers are fugitives, and are on the run after a very interesting bank robbery. They kidnap the Fuller family, and drive to a Mexican bar to meet with other on-the-run criminals. It turns out the crooks in the bar are vampires, and if the Gecko brothers and the Fuller family can survive from dusk until dawn, the "crooks" will let em' go. neo101 Two fugitive brothers at gunpoint get an ex-minister and his two children to take them accross the border into Mexico. They drive to a Mexican biker bar to rendevous with other crooks. While at the bar, a few unusual things happen. George Alexeief <georgeal@ix.netcom.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Texas sheriff Edgar McGraw pulls up to an isolated liquor store in Texas called Benny's World of Liquor. Once inside he speaks with the shopkeeper. He then goes to use the restroom. As soon as he is inside the bathroom, The Gecko Brothers, Seth (George Clooney) and Richie (Quentin Tarantino), two desperado-type criminals appear with two hostages and gun pointed at the shopkeeper apparently in the store the whole time. Seth threatens the shopkeeper and tells him to be cool. The sheriff returns shortly after and goes to pay. While talking to the shopkeeper, Richie kills the sheriff with a point blank shot to the head. Seth and Richie argue because Richie claims the shopkeeper mouthed "help us". As the shopkeeper yells to defend himself, Richie shoots him in the shoulder. Seth and Richie argue and Seth decides to leave. As they are leaving the shopkeeper jumps up and shoots Richie in his hand. They all start shooting. The hostages escape and the fight is ended when Seth throws a lit toilet paper roll dosed with light fluid at the shopkeeper who was covered in alcohol killing him. They leave as the liquor store explodes, with Seth angrily lecturing Richie on turning an already tense hostage situation into a violent one when they could have made a cleaner getaway. The brothers drive further along the highway. We're given an x-ray shot into the car's trunk where they have another hostage bound and gagged. They check into a motel and discuss their plan to flee to Mexico and meet Seth's contact, Carlos (Cheech Marin) for sanctuary. A news story is shown about the Grecko brothers and they atrocities. Seth returns to the motel to discover that Richie had raped and murdered the hostage. Seth scolds the insane Richie, for now they need new hostages to escape into Mexico. The brothers then run into Pastor Jake Fuller (Harvey Keitel), his two kids his teenage daughter Kate (Juliette Lewis) and adopted teenage son Scott (Ernest Liu). They kidnap the family and hijack their R.V. forcing them to drive to Mexico. The group is stopped at the border and the R.V. is searched by a custom's agent (Cheech Marin) but the brothers are hiding in the bathroom with Kate. The insane Richie has a small fantasy moment where Kate propositions him for sex. When he starts babbling that they'll be caught, Seth hits him, knocking him out. Jake is able to smooth-talk the border guards and they're permitted to enter Mexico. Soon after they enter Mexico, Seth declares that he'll let them all live because of their calmness during the border stop. He tells Jake to keep driving until they reach a side road leading to an eccentric bar called The Titty Twister in the middle of the desert. At the door, Seth gets into a fight with the head bouncer (Cheech Marin) outside the club who refuses to let them in, and they all go inside. Once inside, they have a few drinks and enjoy the girls dancing on the tables. Soon Santanico Pandemonium (Salma Hayek) performs. Towards the end of her act, the bouncer returns and tells the bartender and the other what happened. When they confront the group, the crazy Richie pulls out a gun and one of the bartenders stabs his already shot hand to the table and another gunfight ensues. The brothers come out on top again and Seth goes to look at Richies badly wounded hand as Santanico sees the puddle of blood on the table. She then transforms into a hideous beast-like vampire and attacks Richie, biting him on the neck. Seth shoots Santanico off of Richie, but Richie dies soon after. Not long after the bouncer and the bartenders rise from the dead in the same beast-like vampire state and them and all the dancers... who are also vampires, lock the door and begin brutally feeding on the bar patrons. Seth, the family and a couple of bar patrons fight back manage to kill almost all the vampires. Seth goes to find his brother's body as the remaining bar patrons realizes the vampire band is still there. As the group goes to attack, they disappear. Seth says his final farewells to Richie but before he can finish, Richie turns into a vampire as well and attacks Seth who manages to get away. They share a moment looking at each other and Seth then decides he must kill Richie and he does. Seth begins to drink heavily as the remaining group starts to hear a swarm of bats surrounding the bar. The group then realizes that the killed bar patrons are turning into vampires as well and must fight them off. While staking the remaining vampires, one of the surviving bar patrons named Sex Machine (Tom Savini) bites his arm but hides it from the others. The survivors regroup and plan on what to do next. It is not long before Sex Machine begins to transform. He then sneaks up and attacks the other surviving bar patron, Frost (Fred Williamson) biting him in the neck. Sex Machine then moves onto Jake, biting him in the arm. Frost, still in human form, confronts Sex Machine and they begin to fight ending when Frost throws Sex Machine through a window, opening the way for the swam of vampire bats to come in and Frost also transforms. Seth and the kids then run and hide in a back room of the bar. Jake bandages his arm and makes a cross out of a bat and a shotgun and makes his way back to the remaining group. They then prepare to make a last stand against the remaining vampires. Before they go into battle, Jacob forces his children to swear they will kill him when he turns into a vampire and the reluctantly do. During the battle, Seth confronts Sex Machine for the final time and is almost killed but he is saved at the last minutes but Kate. The vampire Frost then confronts Jake and Jake kills him with his cross shotgun. Right after he kills Frost, he then too turns into a vampire and attacks his son Scott, biting him in the neck. Scott then kills his father with holy water, and is swarmed by vampires who tear him apart. He then begs his sister Kate to kill him and eventually she shoots him which results in small blast killing the vampires around him. Now only Seth and Kate remain to fight off the vampires. They are completely outnumbered and it seems all is lost when rays of sunlight start to come through cracks hurting the vampires. They then hear Carlos banging on the door and eventually he breaks through as Seth and Kate run out. The sunlight hits the mirrored ball hanging from the ceiling, sending out dozens of beams. The vampires begin exploding and the bar itself explodes as they are running away. Outside, Seth finds Carlos and immediately punches him, yelling that the place was full of deadly vampires and that Kate's family was wiped out. Carlos is mostly unfazed but admits he'd never been to the bar & just thought it looked like a good place to meet. Seth and Carlos negotiate a deal for the money and Carlos gives Seth a sports car. Seth gives Kate several wads of cash. When Kate asks if he wants some company in El Rey, Seth tells Kate to go home and he drives off. Then the camera shot zooms out to reveal that the bar is actually the top portion of a very large ancient Aztec ziggurat. 
 The Hateful Eight (2015)651) In the dead of a Wyoming winter, a bounty hunter and his prisoner find shelter in a cabin currently inhabited by a collection of nefarious characters. Some time after the Civil War, a stagecoach hurtles through the wintry Wyoming landscape. Bounty hunter John Ruth and his fugitive captive Daisy Domergue race towards the town of Red Rock, where Ruth will bring Daisy to justice. Along the road, they encounter Major Marquis Warren (an infamous bounty hunter) and Chris Mannix (a man who claims to be Red Rock's new sheriff). Lost in a blizzard, the bunch seeks refuge at Minnie's Haberdashery. When they arrive they are greeted by unfamiliar faces: Bob, who claims to be taking care of the place while Minnie is gone; Oswaldo Mobray, the hangman of Red Rock; Joe Gage, a cow puncher; and confederate general Sanford Smithers. As the storm overtakes the mountainside, the eight travelers come to learn that they might not make it to Red Rock after all... Jordan Crighton Wyoming in the 1870s. A stagecoach is heading towards the town of Red Rock with two passengers onboard. One is John "Hangman" Ruth (played by Kurt Russell), a celebrated bounty hunter. The other is Daisy Domergue (Jennifer Jason Leigh), his prisoner and wanted for murder. Along the way they pick up another bounty hunter, Major Marquis Warren (Samuel L Jackson), and Chris Mannix (Walton Goggins). Due to a blizzard they are forced to hole up in a store some way out of town with the occupants of another stagecoach. Suspicions commence and Civil War enmities are reawakened. grantss Years after the American Civil War, bounty hunter Major Marquis Warren is transporting three dead bounties to the town of Red Rock, Wyoming. He hitches a ride on a stagecoach driven by O.B. Jackson. Aboard is bounty hunter John Ruth, and handcuffed to him is fugitive Daisy Domergue, whom Ruth is escorting to Red Rock to collect her bounty and watch her hang. Ruth and Warren are previous acquaintances who bonded over Warren's personal letter from Abraham Lincoln. Former Lost-Causer militiaman Chris Mannix, who is traveling to Red Rock as the town's new sheriff, persuades Ruth and Warren to let him on the stagecoach. Warren and Ruth form an alliance to protect each other's bounties.. In snow-capped post-Civil War Wyoming, the rugged bounty hunter, John "The Hangman" Ruth, defies an imminent blizzard, bent on delivering his shackled prisoner, Daisy Domergue, to Red Rock to stand trial for murder. With the snowstorm rapidly approaching, John and his new undesirable travel companions--the fellow bounty hunter, Major Marquis Warren, and Red Rock's soon-to-be-appointed sheriff, Chris Mannix--will have no other choice but to seek shelter in Minnie's Haberdashery. But, there, another unwelcome encounter awaits, as four more suspicious strangers are added to this already volatile motley crew. Engulfed in this unforgiving white hell, the hateful eight must endure each other until the storm weakens; however, who is friend, and who is foe? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Note: The movie is divided into six narrative sequences, all of which take place chronologically, with the exception of Chapter Five, which takes place before the others. Chapter One: "Last Stage to Red Rock" Set in the dead of winter in post-Civil War Wyoming, Major Marquis "The Bounty Hunter" Warren (Samuel L. Jackson) attempts to hitch a ride on a stagecoach driven by O. B. Jackson (James Parks). Warren is trying to transport the corpses of three outlaws to Red Rock for a handsome reward; O. B. instructs Warren to consult the passenger of the coach, one John "The Hangman" Ruth (Kurt Russell), himself an infamous bounty hunter. Ruth is escorting fugitive Daisy "The Prisoner" Domergue (Jennifer Jason Leigh) to Red Rock - alive - to collect a $10,000 reward, and to see her hanged. To ensure she cannot escape, Ruth has handcuffed her to his own arm. Ruth and Warren know each other, having seen each other in Chattanooga some eight months before. Ruth agrees to let Warren ride with them to a passover called Minnie's Haberdashery, where they intend to take shelter from an oncoming blizzard. While riding, Ruth asks Warren to see his letter written to him by Abraham Lincoln. Warren produces the letter, which Ruth reads. Then Daisy spits on the letter, and Warren hits her in the face, causing her to fall out of the carriage, yanking Ruth out of the carriage as well. Warren signals the driver to stop the coach while Ruth picks himself up. Warren exits the coach to find his letter, and throws snow in Daisy's face. The driver sees another man in the road. Ruth makes Warren put on handcuffs, suspecting the Major is in cahoots with Daisy or the new man. Chapter Two: "Son of a Gun" They are approached by Chris "The Sheriff" Mannix (Walton Goggins), who is also looking to hitch a ride to Red Rock. He says his horse stepped in a hole in the snow, and recognizes Ruth and Warren, but not Daisy. He claims to have been appointed the title of Sheriff of Red Rock and to be the person who is supposed to pay the bounties Ruth and Warren seek to collect. Ruth tells Warren that Mannix is the youngest son of the leader of the "Mannix Marauders", a group who terrorized South Carolina following the Civil War. Mannix refuses to wear handcuffs, and insists on coming aboard since Ruth will be charged with murder if he causes his death. Ruth reluctantly allows Mannix to ride with them, but uncuffs Warren and has him hold a gun on Mannix for the remainder of the ride. Ruth knows Mannix would never work with Warren since he is notoriously racist. On the coach, Mannix says he will buy the two men dinner and a drink at the Haberdashery. Ruth says he does not drink or break bread with rebel renegades. Mannix says, "it sounds like you have an ax to grind against the cause," and Ruth says that there was no cause, just terrorizing people, especially (he points out to Warren) emancipated blacks. Domergue says she supports that kind of thing. Mannix says that Ruth is misinformed by Union newspapers. Mannix asks Warren if Ruth knows how famous Warren once was. Warren's answer is no. Mannix asks if Daisy knows Warren. She says she knows he had a huge bounty from when he Confederacy put a $30,000 on Warren's head, and he was openly suspected in the North of just wanting to kill white people. Warren's bounty fell to $5,000, but people would still try to collect it. Warren says he has killed several of them. Warren, a Union veteran, tells Ruth of how he burned down Wellenbeck prison camp in order to escape. Mannix is offended because many young southern men died there, but Warren is indignant, asking why he should apologize for killing Confederates who wanted to enslave him. Mannix says that he also killed 37 Union prisoners of war. Warren says indifferently that "people die in war." Mannix says "War is hell" is hard to argue with, but that the Union also investigated him following the war. Mannix claims that Warren was ultimately forgiven because of his service in the cavalry during wars against indigenous people. Ruth says that Mannix has no right to talk, given the atrocities that his father inflicted on black people. Mannix says not to talk about his father, who was fighting for the dignity in defeat that southern white men, as the "brothers" of those in the North, deserved. Warren asks how many black towns Mannix raided in this struggle for dignity. Mannix says many, and that when black people are scared, white people are safe. Warren immediately points the gun straight at Mannix's temple and says that if he speaks so hatefully, Warren will kill him immediately. Mannix is very scared, says he only starting talking "politics" by mistake, and goes to sleep. Chapter Three: "Minnie's Haberdashery" The group finally arrive at Minnie's Haberdashery with the blizzard bearing down fast, and they find it in the hands of Bob "The Mexican" (Demian Bichir), who explains that the owner, Minnie Mink (Dana Gourrier), is visiting family for a week and has entrusted the passover to him; Warren is suspicious of Bob's explanation. Ruth and Daisy go inside and meet the others staying at the haberdashery. Oswaldo "The Little Man" Mobray (Tim Roth), introduces himself as the hangman of Red Rock and speaks with an English accent. He asks to see the warrant Ruth is carrying for Daisy. Meanwhile, in the blinding wind of the blizzard outside, Warren, Mannix, O.B. and Bob put the horses away. Mannix and O.B. further set up ropes to find the outhouse and stable in the snow, and Warren stays behind to help Bob with the remaining stablework. Warren asks Bob again where Minnie is, and says it doesn't sound like her to have left Joe "The Cow Puncher" Gage (Michael Madsen), a quiet cowboy and Sanford "The Confederate" Smithers (Bruce Dern), an aging former Confederate General. Ruth, suspicious that they may be trying to ambush him and release Daisy, announces his intent to deliver Daisy to Red Rock alive and forcefully disarms all but Warren of their pistols. Over a dinner of hot stew, Mannix teases Warren over his letter from Abraham Lincoln, saying that there is no chance Warren was friends with Abraham Lincoln. Ruth says that he is surely telling the truth, but Warren reveals that it is a lie. Mannix and Daisy laugh. Ruth spitefully throws stew in Daisy's face. Ruth is angered and loses trust in Warren, saying that it must be true what people say: that you can't trust black people. Warren asks Ruth if he hurt his feelings and Ruth says yes. Warren rebuts by saying that Ruth cannot understand what it is like to be a black man faced with America. Warren says that black people are safe when white people are disarmed, and the letter disarms white people (sets them more at ease). Ruth says it is still a dirty trick to him. Warren points out that it got him a seat on Ruth's stagecoach. Mannix says the letter wouldn't have worked on him. Daisy says she spat on it, and Mannix congratulates her for it. Warren brings Sanford food and asks to join him. Sanford says yes and Warren places a gun on a side table next to Sanford. Warren reveals to Sanford that he murdered Chester Smithers, Sanford's son, in a retaliation for the latter trying to kill him (most likely for the bounty). Warren taunts Sanford with the humiliating details of his son's death, claiming he was forced to march naked in the snow for over two hours and perform fellatio on Warren before being killed. In a fit of rage, Sanford reaches for the gun to shoot Warren, but Warren swiftly draws his other gun and shoots Sanford dead, much to Mannix's dismay. Chapter Four: "Domergue's Got a Secret" Daisy asks to play the guitar and Ruth says yes. A narrator then reveals that while everybody was distracted by Sanford's death, an unseen character slipped poison into the brewing coffee, which only Daisy witnessed. Ruth and O.B. drink the coffee, and Daisy smiles knowingly. She sings a beautiful song on the guitar, which she plays well. Ruth asks to hear another verse as he drinks coffee, and Daisy sings a verse that end with the line "You'll be dead behind me John as I go to Mexico." Ruth becomes furious, takes the guitar and smashes it before handcuffing Daisy to himself once again. Mannix pours himself a cup of coffee. Suddenly Ruth violently vomits blood on the table, just as Mannix is about to take a sip. O.B. also vomits blood, and collapses onto all fours, repeatedly vomiting up more blood. Ruth throws the coffee cup away, and Mannix realizes it was the coffee and throws his cup away too. As Daisy mocks a dying Ruth, the latter tries to kill her, only for her to seize his pistol and shoot him dead. With Ruth and O.B. dead, Warren lines up the rest of the lodgers at gunpoint and throws the key to Ruth's handcuffs in stove, ensuring that Daisy cannot escape. Warren determines that Mannix could not have poisoned the coffee since he was about to drink it himself, so he gives Mannix a spare gun. He goes on to explain that the stew they ate was made by Minnie that morning, so something must have happened to her. Bob asks Warren if he is really accusing him of murder. Warren then explains that Bob's story about Minnie entrusting the place to him cannot be true, since she hated Mexicans. He also finds a dried bloodstain on one of the armchairs, and hypothesizes that Bob murdered Minnie; he knows, however, that Bob cannot be the person who poisoned the coffee since he was playing the piano at the time. He shoots and kills Bob because he knows he was involved in killing Minnie, only to be shot in the groin from underneath the floorboards by a shadowy gunman. Mobray then draws a gun and shoots Mannix, hitting him the thigh, before the latter shoots him back, hitting Mobray in the abdomen. Chapter Five: "The Four Passengers Earlier that morning.... A stagecoach arrives at Minnie's Haberdashery containing the four passengers: Bob, Mobray, Gage, and Jody (Channing Tatum). They are driven by the cheerful and cheeky Six Horse Judy (Zoe Bell), who hails from New Zealand. They are met by Charlie (Keith Jefferson) outside Minnie's. Charlie, a black man, stays outside and helps the carriage driver with his horses before he travels on. Judy leads the passengers inside and introduces them to Minnie Mink. Minnie is shown to be a cheery, black woman perhaps in her thirties, and is there with a black woman, Gemma (Belinda Owino) cooking. Two older white men, Sweet Dave (Gene Jones) and the previously seen Sanford, are playing chess by the hearth. The crew makes small talk for a few minutes before violently massacring everybody in the lodge, leaving only General Sanford alive. Charlie comes in from outside just in time to see the massacre, and is shot by Bob in the doorway (one of the shots destroys the door's latch) before fleeing outside. Mobray asks in Spanish if they should perhaps keep Sanford alive to create the illusion of a more lively setting. They agree to try it, and Jody talks to the old man while his crew starts cleaning up the mess the massacre left. Gage goes to kill Charlie, whom he finds hiding in a shed and shoots in the throat with a shotgun as he begs for his life. Jody explains to Sanford that they are preparing to ambush Ruth to rescue Jody's sister, Daisy, and that they will not kill him if he agrees to keep quiet about their plan. Sanford agrees, and the bandits all prepare for Ruth to arrive: throwing the bodies down the well, hiding guns around the lodge, cleaning up the jelly beans that had spilled. Jody hides in the basement (implying that he was the one who later shot Warren in the crotch from under the floorboards). Chapter Six: "Black Man, White Hell" We cut back to the present as, Warren, in agonizing pain, is confined to a bed while he and a wounded Mannix hold guns on the surviving lodgers - Domergue, Gage, and a mortally wounded Mobray. Warren tells Mannix his genitals are destroyed, and he thinks he will bleed to death. They flush Jody out of the basement by threatening to kill Domergue. Warren shoots Jody through the head, killing him. Domergue becomes hysterical, berating Mannix for working with a black man. She then attempts to strike a deal with Mannix, explaining that her brother was the leader of a notorious gang and that 15 of his men are waiting in Red Rock. Domergue further claims that these men will hunt down Mannix if he kills her, however she will call them off if he kills Warren instead. Mannix tells Warren Domergue has "nothing to sell," but to humor him as he listens to Domergue's offer. They count up the bounties that Mannix could collect: Bob, revealed to be "Marco the Mexican" with a bounty of $12,000, and Mobray, really Pete Hicox, with a bounty of $15,000, and Gage, really Grouch Douglas, has a bounty worth $10,000. Domergue explains that they cannot collect the bounties if they kill her since the gang waiting in Red Rock will kill them. She also says the gang will sack the town and kill all the residents. If Mannix as sheriff wants to protect the town, he should spare her life. Warren shoots Domergue in the foot. Hicox tries to convince Mannix again that they can forgive him what he has done if he kills Warren. Warren shoots Hicox in the leg. The scene is then interrupted when Gage reaches for a pistol that he had previously hidden underneath a table. Mannix and Warren shoot him dead. Warren tries to shoot Domergue, but his gun is out of bullets. Warren begs Mannix for his pistol, Mannix smiles and sits down. He asks Domergue about the offer: he kills Warren, they wait two days, and then he gets the bounties for Oswaldo and Gage. Domergue ascents. Mannix asks about Jody's bounty, since he is worth $50,000. Warren asks Mannix if he is about to make a deal, and Mannix says they're just talking. Domergue says he is being greedy and that she must take that body, since Jody has children. So Mannix goes over the terms again before looking back at Warren. He turns back to Domergue and says "no deal". Domergue says he is making a big mistake, and that the gang will come and kill him. Mannix says that in order for him to be afraid, he would have to believe that those 15 men existed, which he doesn't. Warren laughs. Mannix says Douglas poisoned the coffee and points out that Domergue didn't say anything as he was about to drink the coffee, too- showing that she didn't care about his life. He says she is a liar and is surely just saying what she needs to in order to escape being hanged. He says he suspects that what remains of Jody's gang is lying dead on the floor. Domergue replies that Jody leads an army of men, but Mannix interrupts her and says that his father led an army, a renegade army fighting for a lost cause- 400 men who followed because of their respect for his command. Warren nods appreciatively, then Mannix says he doesn't feel so good and collapses on the floor, fainting due to his leg wound. Daisy cuts Ruth's handcuffed arm off with a machete, freeing herself, before reaching for the gun Douglas dropped on the floor. Mannix suddenly wakes up (or reveals himself to have been playing possum) and shoots Daisy, wounding her. As he prepares to shoot her again, Warren convinces him to spare her so that they can hang her, just as Ruth wanted to. Since Ruth saved their lives from the storm, they can act out his last wish: to see Domergue hanged. Domergue is hanged from the rafters of the lodge. Mannix pronounces it as his first and final act as sheriff of Red Rock. Mannix is left lying on top of Warren, but then he drops down off the bed and onto the floor. The two men delight in seeing Domergue slowly strangle to death in accordance with Ruth's final wishes and the law. Mannix asks Warren if he can read his letter. Mannix takes the letter in his bloody hands and reads it aloud. In it "Abraham Lincoln" praises Warren for his service and expresses the belief that racial progress is being made slowly in America. Mannix remarks on the final line of the letter, "Ol' Mary Todd is calling so I guess it's time for bed," that it was a nice touch, and Warren thanks him. Mannix crumples the letter up and throws it away, and the movie ends with Mannix and Warren waiting to die. 
 Reservoir Dogs (1992)761) When a simple jewelry heist goes horribly wrong, the surviving criminals begin to suspect that one of them is a police informant. Six criminals, who are strangers to each other, are hired by a crime boss, Joe Cabot, to carry out a diamond robbery. Right at the outset, they are given false names with the intention that they won't get too close and will concentrate on the job instead. They are completely sure that the robbery is going to be a success. But, when the police show up right at the time and the site of the robbery, panic spreads amongst the group members, and two of them are killed in the subsequent shootout, along with a few policemen and civilians. When the remaining people assemble at the premeditated rendezvous point (a warehouse), they begin to suspect that one of them is an undercover cop. Soumitra A gang of thieves carry out an armed robbery on a diamond warehouse. The police are after them so quickly that they suspect they have a rat in their company. This film starts right before the robbery, with flashbacks to before the robbery and to the planning of the crime. We are also introduced to the main characters in flashback mode. Plenty of fast action and plenty of blood and gore. Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> They were six strangers, assembled to pull off the perfect crime: Mr. White, a professional criminal; Mr. Orange, a young newcomer; Mr. Blonde, a trigger-happy killer; Mr. Pink, a paranoid neurotic; Mr. Brown; and Mr. Blue. Hired by mob boss Joe Cabot and given fake names so no one could identify the others, they thought there was no way their heist could have failed. But after a police ambush, killing Mr. Brown and seriously injuring Mr. Orange, the criminals return to their rendezvous point (a warehouse), and realize that one of them had to have been a police informant. But who? movies_are_forever The tale of a group of thugs who are hired to rob a diamond store. But the plan starts to fall apart when the alarm is tripped and the cops show up within moments. Of the group of men, all of whom are identified by colors, only four survive with one being seriously wounded. It is suspected that there is a police informant in the group, but no one is sure who it is. Anonymous Joe Cabot, a small-time crime boss, assembles five strangers with reputations as good thieves to steal a lot diamonds. When the police arrive at the scene before the burglars can even make their getaway, it becomes apparent that one of them is an undercover police officer. Bug <junebug2@texas.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with eight men eating breakfast at a diner. Six of them wear matching black suits and ties and are using aliases: Mr. Blonde (Michael Madsen), Mr. Blue (Eddie Bunker), Mr. Brown (director Quentin Tarantino), Mr. Orange (Tim Roth), Mr. Pink (Steve Buscemi), and Mr. White (Harvey Keitel). Among them is the elderly Los Angeles gangster Joe Cabot (Lawrence Tierney), and his beefy son, "Nice Guy" Eddie Cabot (Chris Penn). Mr. Brown discusses his comparative analysis on Madonna's "Like a Virgin". Nice Guy Eddie mentions that he's been listening to a local rock radio program called K-Billy's Super Sounds of the 70s (hosted by the DJ voice of Steven Wright) and has been hearing songs that haven't been played in years. Joe's senior moments involving an old address book rankle Mr. White; White grabs the book away from Joe and refuses to give it back until Joe stops talking endlessly about it. When it comes time for Joe to pay the bill for the meal he tells everyone to throw in a dollar for the tip. Mr. Pink explains that he doesn't tip and defends his anti-tipping policy until Joe forces him to contribute with the group. After the opening credits, the action cuts to the interior of a speeding car. Mr. White, driving with one hand, is trying to comfort Mr. Orange laying in the back seat, who has been shot in the abdomen and is bleeding and screaming in pain. They arrive at an abandoned warehouse, the robbers' rendezvous point. Orange begs White to take him to an emergency room but White refuses, saying that it takes a long time to die from an abdominal gunshot wound. Mr. White leaves Mr. Orange on the floor when Mr. Pink appears, angrily suggesting that their robbery of a jeweler, orchestrated by Joe Cabot, was a police set up, indicated by the rapid response of the police to the alarm. White agrees, and they wearily get their stories straight with each other. The first of several flashbacks shows Mr. Pink escaping from the jewelry store with the diamonds. While running down a street chased by three or four policemen, Mr. Pink is hit by a car, out of which he drags out the woman driver and opens fire on the policemen hitting one or two of them before getting in the car and driving away. Back in the present. Mr. White reveals to Mr. Pink that Mr. Brown was shot and killed by the police during the getaway, and the whereabouts of Mr. Blonde and Mr. Blue are unknown to both. They agree to stay put for the time being. MR. WHITE A short flashback shows Mr. White meeting with Joe Cabot and at Joe's office where he offers Mr. White (whose real name is Larry Dimick), a low-time veteran criminal from Wisconsin, a job in an upcoming heist in a few months. Mr. White agrees, hinting at White's long-time friendship with Joe Cabot. In the present, after taking care of an unconscious Orange, the two men discuss the actions of Mr. Blonde, who suddenly acted psychotic during the heist and murdered several civilians in the store after the alarm had been triggered. Mr. White is angered about Joe's decision to employ such a violent individual and agrees about the possibility of a set up, while Mr. Pink confesses to having hidden the diamonds in a secure location. However, they violently argue about whether or not to take the unconscious Mr. Orange to a hospital when Mr. White reveals that he had told the former his true first name, "Larry". Mr. Blonde, who has been watching them from the shadows, steps forward and ends the dispute. White angrily chews out Blonde for his antics, while Blonde calmly defends himself, saying simply that he'd warned the staff of the jeweler's not to touch the alarm. He tells them not to leave the rendezvous as he'd spoken to Nice Guy Eddie, who's on his way. After everyone calms down, Mr. Blonde takes them to his car and opens the trunk to reveal a captured police officer named Marvin Nash (Kirk Baltz) who he apparently took as a hostage to escape from the jewelry store. MR. BLONDE Another flashback shows Mr. Blonde who meets with Joe Cabot and Nice Guy Eddie at their office. The meeting reveals that Mr. Blonde became involved in the heist because of his friendship with Nice Guy Eddie. Blonde (whose real name is Vic Vega) had served four years in prison for armed robbery and had refused to give the authorities Joe's name for a lighter sentence. When he meets with Joe and Eddie, they first arrange a job that will appease Vic/Blonde's parole officer -- and help Vic sidestep contact with the man -- then Eddie suggests that Blonde join the crew they're putting together for the jewel heist. Blonde enthusiastically accepts. In the present, White, Pink, and Blonde beat the policeman and demand that he reveal who the "rat" is. He protests that he doesn't know. The beating continues until a furious Eddie arrives at the warehouse. After berating the men over the carnage and incompetence displayed at the heist, and telling them that beating Nash won't get them closer to finding out anything, he orders Pink and White to assist him in retrieving the stolen diamonds and disposal of the two hijacked vehicles. He orders Blonde to stay with Nash and the dying Orange. Eddie, Pink and White then leave the scene. When Blonde casually questions Officer Nash again, the policeman states that he has been a police officer for eight months and is ignorant as to a possible set up. He then pleads with Blonde to release him without further incident. However, Blonde confesses that he really is a sadist and psychopath who enjoys torture, and he is really uninterested in what the cop knows and what he doesn't. He turns on the radio and dances to "Stuck in the Middle With You" by Stealers Wheel before slashing Officer Marvin Nash's face and severing his right ear with a straight razor. Blonde then retrieves a can of gasoline from the trunk of his stolen car, douses Officer Nash in the gasoline, making a small trail of the remaining gasoline in front of the policeman. Just as he is about to light the gasoline he is hit by several shots. Orange had suddenly woken up and shoots Blonde several times to stop him from burning Nash. With Mr. Blonde dead, Mr. Orange and Officer Nash are now alone in the in the warehouse. Orange reveals he is a police detective named Freddy Newendyke. Marvin says he knows (because he briefly met him a couple of months earlier) showing us that he had resisted the beating and torture so as not to reveal Orange's true identity. Orange reassures Marvin that a massive police force is in position several blocks away but are waiting to move in when Joe arrives. MR. ORANGE Another long flashback details Orange's involvement in an deep cover police operation to capture Joe Cabot. Mr. Orange/Freddy is shown meeting his handler Holdaway (Randy Brooks) one night at a local diner where he tells Holdaway that he is in full with the gang after meeting Joe and Nice Guy Eddie earlier that evening at a nightclub that Joe owns, as well as describing a CI (criminal informant) down in Long Beach about planting his false criminal past as a reference to be accepted. Orange/Freddy also talks about Mr. White whom he did not recognize as part of Joe's group. Holdaway then asks Orange/Freddy about something called "the Commode Story", which Orange says that they bought it. Next, in further flashbacks-within-flashbacks, Orange/Freddy is rehearsing his cover with Holdaway as well as getting into character for his first meeting with Joe involving the Commode Story, rehearsing the "scene" like a professional actor to describe a part of his cover for his criminal past from the beaches in Venice, to his apartment, to a rooftop scene with Holdaway instructing Freddy to be on detail with the story to make it believable. Mr. Orange/Freddie first meets Joe Cabot, Eddie, and Mr. White at a local nightclub where he tells them "the Commode Story"; a fabricated story (shown in a completely fabricated flashback) about being in a men's room with a large bag full of marijuana. In the men's room with him were four L.A. County sheriffs with a German Shepherd and explains about his coolness under pressure, knowing the dog can smell the marijuana. The group is wholly amused and accepts him into their gang. Later, Orange then goes with Eddie, White, and Pink on a drive where they discuss their favorite movie soundtracks and about Pam Grier movies from the 1970s and Eddie tells them a story about how a black waitress at one of Joe's nightclubs got even with her abusive husband as well as how black women seem to be more abused and temper angry than white women. Mr. Orange/Freddy mostly stays out of the conversation, somewhat offended by Eddie, White and Pink's racist talk involving African Americans (mostly since his friend and handler Holdaway is black). They are silently being tailed by unseen police detectives from Freddy's apartment to the warehouse hideaway. At the warehouse, Joe Cabot meets with all of the members of the gang where he angrily tells them that their joking camaraderie might get them in trouble if they don't take the heist seriously. He gives them their aliases to be used and to go over details about the upcoming robbery of a diamond store. A brief argument ensues when Pink complains about his name. Joe regains his control over the meeting and they begin plotting the heist. After the meeting, Orange develops a friendship with White as they drive over to the jewelry store to discuss their roles in the upcoming robbery. White tells Orange about a few methods of crowd control he knows are foolproof. In another flashback to the robbery getaway, we see that Brown was somehow shot in the head, and dies while driving their escape car with Orange and White in the back seat, which crashes into a parked car in an alleyway a short distance away from the jewelry store. Orange watches helplessly while White gets out of the car opens fire with his two semi-automatic handguns on an approaching police car and violently massacring both cops in the car. With Brown now dead, White and Orange run from the scene and make to another road. While attempting to steal another getaway car, it is revealed here that Orange was shot in the stomach by the female driver of the car he and White steal. Orange reflexively shoots and kills the woman after she shoots him. Flashing forward back to the present, Eddie, White and Pink return to the warehouse to find Blonde dead. Orange claims that Blonde was going to kill Marvin, Orange and the rest of the gang so that he could take the diamonds for himself. Boiling over with rage, Eddie briefly reveals Blonde's back story, that he was a close friend of his and a loyal soldier of his father's. Orange struggles to defend himself, which makes Eddie even angrier and he fatally shoots Nash three times. Joe himself arrives and, after informing the group that Mr. Blue was killed by the police, confidently accuses Orange of being an informant. White comes to Orange's defense, alternately appealing and debating Orange's loyalty with Joe. A Mexican standoff ensues, Joe draws on Orange, White draws on Joe and Eddie draws on White. Everyone beings shooting leaving Joe and Eddie dead, and White severely wounded, and Orange mortally wounded. Pink, who hid to avoid the shootout, takes the cache of diamonds and flees the warehouse. As police sirens are heard outside, White cradles Orange in his arms and Orange reveals that he is in fact a detective. White is devastated and he begins sobbing in frustration and points his gun at Orange's head as police can be heard outside. At that moment, the police can be heard raiding the warehouse (with the camera in a close-up of White's face), demanding White drop his gun; he refuses and shoots Orange, resulting in the police opening fire on White just before the screen goes black. 