nm0005168:

 Melrose Place (19921999)44) Classic serial drama around a group of friends living in Melrose Place, California. The lives and loves of a group of young adults living in "Melrose Place" in California. Each with their own dreams and drives, the inevitable conflicts, conquests, and consummations ensue. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> This Aaron Spelling series -with characteristic attractive, but not (yet) famous, casting- is set in and named after an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, just affordable -even if some take a roommate- for a number of tweens who hope to start their adult life from there in the huge metropolis. The early tenants include Billy Campbell, an optimistic, pleasant would be-writer, Allison Parker, a neurotic-anal employee who has a love-hate-relationship with him, Matt Fielding, a noble gay social worker, Dr. Michael Mancini who also acts as (unqualified) superintendent, his partner Jane Andrews whose ambition is in fashion, handy-man Jake Hanson -also the artificial link with Spelling hit series Beverly Hills 90210- and photographer Jo Reynolds. At first it focuses on their neighborly and amical/amorous relationships, but as they get started in life their professional lives introduce new story lines, lovers and other characters, some of which become very important and/or move in, such as Michael's hospital rival Peter Burns, Billy and Allison's boss Amanda Woodward, Jane's crazy sister Sidney and many others, so the series evolves from a young soap to a mix of more dramatical stories, including adultery, divorce, even violent crimes. KGF Vissers Set in an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, Melrose Place was originally a spin-off from Beverly Hills 90210, but when its initial formula of looking at the lives of a group of well-meaning, attractive 20-somethings failed to get high ratings, writers introduced conflict in the form of less moral characters (notably Amanda Woodward played by Heather Locklear). Ratings improved, and storylines became more and more outrageous: characters coming back from the dead, multiple personalities, a bomb destroying the apartment complex. By the end of Season 4, story-lines appeared to tend towards being more "grounded", however. Paul Baker <bakerjp@unix.lancs.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 All My Children (19702011)Summaries Set in the fictional East Coast suburb Pine Valley, this show is the decades-old, risk-taking soap that centers around Erica Kane and her long line of husbands. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Murder in the First (20142016)Summaries A single murder case is dissected from the committing of the crime through to the investigation, arrest and trial. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Savannah (19961997)Summaries Following the lives of three best friends who have grown up together in Savannah, Georgia. Lane McKenzie left Savannah after college to become a big journalist in New York. She returned for her best friend Reese Burton's wedding to Travis Peterson. After finding out that her New York apartment was robbed, Lane tries to collect on an inheritance, only to find out that Travis stole every last cent. Peyton, daughter of the Burtons' maid, has been having an affair with Travis; Reese is devastated to find out that Travis was having an affair with a "Bunnie." Travis ends up dead. The girls remain friends through everything. Andrea H. Mitchell <mitchell@tsd.itg.ti.com> The lives of three girls who live together in Savannah, Georgia. Reese is the naive blonde stereotype who was spoiled by her corrupt multi-millionaire father Ed Burton. Lane returned from New York for Reese's wedding, fell in love with high-school sweetheart Dean Collins, and started working at the local newspaper. Peyton is the evil, cunning witch who grew up not knowing that Ed Burton was her father, but still lived in his house as the maid's daughter; now her heart is set on revenge. Tom Massick is a professional con-man who returned to his hometown to get revenge on Ed Burton, whom he blames for his father's death. Rune Dahl Fitjar <rfitjar@online.no> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 