nm0004081:

 Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves (1991)431) When Robin and his Moorish companion come to England and the tyranny of the Sheriff of Nottingham, he decides to fight back as an outlaw. After being captured by Turks during the Crusades, Robin of Locksley and a Moor, Azeem, escape back to England, where Azeem vows to remain until he repays Robin for saving his life. Meanwhile, Robin's father, a nobleman loyal to King Richard the Lionheart, has been murdered by the brutal Sheriff of Nottingham, who helped install Richard's treacherous brother, Prince John, as King while Richard is overseas fighting the Crusades. When Robin returns home, he vows to avenge his father's death and restore Richard to the throne. Even though Maid Marian, his childhood friend, cannot help him, he escapes to the Forest of Sherwood where he joins a band of exiled villagers and becomes their leader. With their help, he attempts to cleanse the land of the evil that the Sheriff has spread. Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> After escaping from a dungeon after being captured by the Turks during the crusades, Robin, son of Lord Locksley, and a warrior Moor named Azeem return to England only to find Robin's father has been murdered by the corrupt Sheriff of Nottingham and has taken over his father's lands. Unable to be helped by maid Marian Dubois, sister of Robin's friend Peter, who died trying to help Robin and Azeem escape. Robin vows to avenge his father and flees to the Forest of Sherwood, home to a band of outlaws who have been banished from their villages by the Sheriff of Nottingham. Combining the forces of the outlaws, Robin and his men set out on a crusade against the Sheriff of Nottingham and defeat the Sheriff and his henchmen, who bids to take over the throne of England's rightful ruler King Richard and put a end to the corruption that has infested the English countryside. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Robin of Locksley (Kevin Costner), an English nobleman who joined Richard the Lionheart's army in the Third Crusade, is captured and imprisoned in Jerusalem along with his comrade Peter. Robin engineers an escape, saving the life of a Moor, Azeem (Morgan Freeman) in the process; Peter dies in the attempt and has Robin swear to protect his sister Marian (Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio). Robin returns to England with Azeem, who vows to accompany Robin until the debt of saving his life is repaid. In England, with King Richard away, the cruel Sheriff of Nottingham (Alan Rickman) rules over the land, aided by his cousin, the Guy of Gisbourne (Michael Wincott) along with the witch Mortianna (Geraldine McEwan) and the corrupt Bishop of Hereford (Harold Innocent). At Locksley castle, Robin's father (Brian Blessed) is lured to the gates and captured by the Sheriff's men after refusing to join them. Robin returns to England to find his father dead, his home in ruins, and the Sheriff and his men oppressing the people. At his family castle, Robin finds his father's elderly servant, Duncan, who was blinded by Gisbourne. They travel to Marian's family home where Robin tells her of his brother's bravery in Jerusalem and gives her Peter's ring. Gisbourne suddenly appears and a furious chase ensues. Robin and Azeem's horses are unable to outrun their pursuers so they ride into Sherwood Forest, an area believed to be haunted. There they meet a band of outlaws hiding from Nottingham's oppressive rule, separated from their families. They are led by John Little (Nick Brimble). After a short stave battle in a river where Robin outwits the much larger and stronger John (whom Robin gives the semi-mocking title of "Little John"), Robin and Azeem join up with them. Also among the bandits is Will Scarlet (Christian Slater), who is later revealed to be Robin's illegitimate half-brother. Robin eventually assumes command of the band, encourages his men to fight against Nottingham and trains them to defend themselves. The band builds a small community in the forest, with most of their homes high up in the trees. Robin makes a visit in disguise to the local cathedral to speak to Marion and the bishop. The bishop tells Robin that his father had taken to devil-worship -- Robin refuses to believe him. As he leaves, he runs straight into the Sheriff and slashes him on the cheek with a small dagger. Robin escapes on horseback, taking a sack of bread back to the men in the forest. Robin's provocation of the Sheriff will also place their families in danger and Little John is less than encouraged now that the Sheriff will hunt them to the death, however Robin says they can use the Sheriff's fury to their advantage and wage a minor war to regain their homes and reputations as decent men. When the Sheriff retaliates by razing the homes of the outlaws, Robin rallies everyone to a higher cause: they will rob all the local lords loyal to the Sheriff and give their wealth to the poor. The Sheriff, having already ordered a bounty on Robin's head, raises it several times in the hopes the poor will turn against Robin, however they remain loyal since Robin and his outlaws give all the wealth they steal to them. The Sheriff speaks with Mortianna who tells him to send a chest of gold to other warlords around England. Robin and his men attack the convoy delivering the gold. One of their early captures is Friar Tuck (Michael McShane) -- the stout friar had been traveling with Gisbourne and a small detachment of his men. Robin's band uses the natural foliage of the forest to distract Gisbourne's men away from the large horse cart carrying Tuck and a large supply of alcohol. Gisbourne is later unable to find the bandits and several of his men who were killed, the bodies having been camouflaged very effectively on the forest floor. Guy of Gisbourne is later coldly killed by the Sheriff for his failure when he returns with the news. Robin politely asks Tuck if his men can have the barrels of ale and mead that were captured. Tuck is quite defiant at first but is taught humility when Robin makes him haul the cart back to their hideout in place of the horse. Tuck heartily agrees to become their holy man. Tuck also strikes up a newfound friendship with Azeem despite his being a Moor and an enemy when Azeem successfully aides Little John's wife Fanny in a difficult delivery of their newest child. Marian and her handmaiden are stopped by two of Robin's men while riding through Sherwood. Robin's men are easily subdued by the much craftier Marian, who forces them to take her to Robin. Robin shows Marian around the compound and Marian stays overnight Finally, the sheriff has had enough. Hiring Celtic warriors to bolster his forces, he uses Duncan to track down the outlaws' hideout and initiates a massive attack which destroys the forest refuge. Robin's forces are able to rout the ground assault very effectively, causing the Celts to retreat. While Robin's forces cheer their victory, they suddenly see that the Sheriff has another assault planned with flaming arrows and catapult projectiles which quickly destroy their compound. Robin himself rescues Fanny and her newborn from a burning shelter but the rope he swings from snaps and he falls into through a roof. The Sheriff has also kidnapped Marian prior to the battle when she tried to summon help from France. The sheriff proposes to Maid Marian, saying that if she accepts he will spare the lives of the captured woodsmen and their families. Nevertheless, several of the rebel fighters including Little John's son Wolf are to be executed by hanging. While they are tortured by the Sheriff who wishes to know if Robin survived the assault, Will agrees to act as a spy and lure Robin into a trap. However, despite information to the contrary, Robin and a handful of his most trusted aides did survive the assault. Will returns and is immediately set upon by Little John, enraged over the capture of his son. He stops when he sees that Will has several horrible scars across his chest, evidence that he'd been tortured by the Sheriff. Will tells them about the forced marriage of Marian to the Sheriff and that those who were captured in the forest will be executed before the ceremony. Robin plots an assault on the Sheriff's castle to rescue them, even allowing Will and Little John's willful wife to take part. On the day of the sheriff and Maid Marian wedding and the scheduled hangings, Robin and his men sneak their way into Nottingham castle in various disguises. Positioning themselves strategically around the compound and using barrels of gunpowder supplied by Azeem, start a furious battle that frees the prisoners. The original plan was to just free their friends and retreat, but then Azeem reveals himself and his willingness to join Robin and fight the sheriff, finally convincing the peasants to revolt. Robin finds his way into the Sheriff's chambers where the traitorous Bishop (who is found later and killed by Friar Tuck) has just finished the marriage ceremony and the Sheriff is about to rape Marian to impregnate her with a male heir. In a ferocious sword duel Robin kills the sheriff, avenging his father. With his guard down, Robin is attacked by Mortianna, who charges with a spear. Azeem, having broken through the bolted door, rushes in and throws his sword, slaying Mortianna and fulfilling his vow to Robin. Robin and Marian profess their love for one another and are married in the forest by Friar Tuck. Their wedding is briefly interrupted by the return of King Richard I (Sean Connery), who agrees to bless the marriage if he's allowed to give Marian away, and thanks Robin for his deeds. 
 The Jackal (1997)541) An imprisoned I.R.A. fighter is freed to help stop a brutal, seemingly "faceless" assassin from completing his next job. In Moscow, the FBI and their Russian counterpart, the MVD, are working on a joint mission to apprehend Russian mobster Ghazzi Murad specifically for the murder of Mayor Nikolai Semankho. During the arrest, they are forced to kill Ghazzi. Ghazzi's brother, Terek Murad, also a mobster, begins his own form of deadly retribution against the MVD for Ghazzi's death. But the FBI and MVD also get wind that Terek has hired an assassin by the code name Jackal to carry out a hit on a high profile but unknown American target for the Americans sticking their nose in Russian affairs. Intelligence points to that target being Donald Brown, the Director of the FBI. The Jackal is known only by name and reputation but no one in authority knows who he is, what he looks like or if he even really exists. They learn of only one person alive who they know has had ties to the Jackal: former Basque separatist Isabella Zanconia, whose whereabouts are unknown. As such, the FBI and MVD decide to turn to the one person they know who has had ties to Isabella: Declan Mulqueen, who is currently in an American prison serving twenty-five years for his deadly IRA activities. To their surprise, Declan purports to have met the Jackal. Although they are unable to meet all his demands including not being able to guarantee his release and return back to Ireland after all is said and done, Declan agrees to help them on the promise that they will do their best to meet that request. What happens is largely a function of Declan's relationship with his two handlers, the MVD's Major Valentina Koslova and FBI Deputy Director Carter Preston, the latter in particular who does not fully trust Declan. It is also affected by the nature of the history between Declan, Isabella and the Jackal. Through it all, Declan may, if given the opportunity, do what Carter believes he will do, which is run without keeping to his side of the bargain. Huggo Russian mobster Terek Murad has declared open season on the Russian militia and the United States FBI over the shooting of his brother in a Moscow nightclub. He hires "The Jackal" -- an elusive, nasty assassin -- to kill FBI Director Donald Brown. Present at the shooting of Murad's brother were FBI Deputy Director Carter Preston and Major Valentina Koslova of the Russian militia. Nearly no one has ever seen The Jackal, save for Declan Mulqueen, an imprisoned IRA sniper. Upon learning that the Director Brown is a target, Preston and Koslova enlist the services of the reluctant Mulqueen to track down the Jackal before he can assassinate Brown. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> The United States is trying to help the New Russia in its war against organized crime. Presently, they are after Terek Murad, a deadly crime boss. They get evidence against one of Murad's people who is also his brother for murder so they try to arrest him. But the man tries to kill Russian cop, Major Koslova so she kills him. Murad seeks revenge against the ones who killed his brother, FBI agent Carter Preston and Russian Major Valentina Koslova, and wanting to send a message to America about interfering in matters he believes are none of its concern. Thus, he hires "The Jackal," an international assassin, to kill a prominent American. The Jackal tells Murad to go into hiding till the job is done. When Preston and the Russian police learn that Murad has gone into hiding; they wonder why? So they grab Murad's man and under intense interrogation he mentions the Jackal. Preston knows about the assassin. Koslova confirms it because the Russians have used him. She also tells Preston that Murad's man had info on the Director of the FBI which makes Preston think, the Director is the target. So he informs the Director who chooses not alter his schedule or add security. He tells Preston to find him quietly. So Preston needs to find someone who's seen the Jackal and unfortunately there are not that many and most of the ones they know of are dead. There's a woman who knows him but she's vanished so he tries to enlist the help of a man who might know where she is, Declan Mulqueen, an imprisoned IRA sniper. Mulqueen refuses to help till he learns about the Jackal and tells them he knows who he is, so they let him help them. But finding the Jackal is not going to be easy. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a Moscow nightclub, A joint operation between the FBI and the MVD is taking place to arrest Ghazzi Murad for the murder of a Russian Mayor, but Ghazzi has no intentions to go quietly. When FBI Deputy Director Carter Preston (Sidney Poitier) steps in to confront him, Ghazzi jumps at him with a knife. He is stopped however by MVD Major Valentina Koslova (Diane Venora) who is forced to kill him in self defense. One of Ghazzi's associates then delivers the bad news to Ghazzi's brother, Therek Murad, one of Russia's most dangerous crime boss, who kills him out of anger when he finds out his brother was killed and no cops were taken out in the altercation. In retaliation, Therek calls a meeting with a professional assassin who's only known for his code name "The Jackal" (Bruce Willis). He explains to The Jackal that he will deal with the MVD on his own but would like to send a clear message to the United States and the FBI to stay out of his affairs. He then shows The Jackal a picture and asks if he would accept to kill this American target. The Jackal agrees and explains that if he does the job, he will have to disappear and stop operating for good. Considering the risks, he agrees to do the assignment for a $70 million, half now, half upon completion, to which Therek agrees. The Jackal also adds that should there be an information leak, The Jackal alone will decide if the operation continues or not. Either way, he will keep the first half. He then advises Therek to lay low until the job is done. Therek accepts the deal. Two weeks after the death of Ghazzi, seven MVD operatives have been killed and the blood keeps being shed all over Russia. Intelligence reveal that Therek has been hiding in a Porvoo, Finland hotel for eight days with his top lieutenants and bodyguards. Only one of his henchmen comes out twice a day to go to the post office. The MVD moves in on the henchmen and captures him for an intense interrogation session that ends up killing him. During the interrogation, the henchman reveals the name "Jackal". The name catches Preston's attention who reveals he has heard the name before but was never able to prove whether the man truly exists or not. Koslova confirms his existence as he was hired by the KGB some times in the past, however, no one knows who he is or even what he looks like. The name coupled with documents recovered from the henchmen's briefcase, leads the FBI and MVD to assume the American target for the retaliatory hit will be FBI Director Donald Brown. Meanwhile, The Jackal begins his preparations for the assassination. Throughout the movie, he is seen several times altering his physical appearance to avoid recognition; using wigs, fake beards, accessories, dying his hair, disguises and even a fat suit. He first steals some IDs at the airport and have fake ones created by an artist whom he compensates generously for her work. He then goes to the bank where he discusses his several accounts and opening new ones. While at the bank, he is given access to his banker's computer in private which he uses to shop online on the black market for a gun he could use for the job. He ends up purchasing a Polish long-range, high cyclic rate heavy machine gun meant to be mounted on a vehicle. The Jackal then travels to Canada under a fake ID where he purchases a blue mini van which he disguises as a white mini van with easily removable paint. With a good pressure gun, he can turn his white mini van into a blue one in less than a minute. In the meantime, the FBI learns of one person who could possibly identify The Jackal: A former Basque separatist named Isabella Zancona (Mathilda May) who is believed to be currently hiding from the Spanish Government within the U.S. However, no one knows where to find her. Through her history, they find her former boyfriend: Declan Mulqueen (Richard Gere), an Irish IRA sniper currently serving two life sentences in a U.S maximum security prison for acts of terrorism and weapons trafficking. They visit Mulqueen who refuses to disclose Isabella's location. They offer to grant Isabella full citizenship and protection from the Spanish government as well as never letting them know she is in the U.S but Mulqueen is quick to point out that neither the U.S nor the Spanish government know where she is at the moment and that is a far better status than what they are offering. He does however soften up when The Jackal is mentioned. He agrees to help them if they promise to do everything in their power to grant him freedom to go back home. Preston refuses and starts leaving when Mulqueen reveals that he too can identify the Jackal on sight. He also points out he'd be a good asset to them since he knows enough about The Jackal to identify his methods. Preston is not satisfied with just Mulqueen and insists to speak with Isabella. Mulqueen finally agrees on the condition that Isabella's involvement remains a complete secret and he is allowed to get out of jail to assist them with the investigation. He also asks to be present when they talk to Isabella. Preston agrees to Mulqueen's terms and takes him out of jail. Mulqueen, true to his word, takes them to Zancona's house who is now married with children but her family don't know anything about her past as a freedom fighter. Isabella runs at Declan upon sight and agrees to answer Koslova's questions while Preston and the FBI remain at a safe distance. Preston reminds his partner Witherspoon (J.K Simmons) their promise to Mulqueen not to include any information regarding Isabella in their report. Isabella provides information that can help identify the Jackal, including the fact that he is American with military training and combat experience in Special Operations and was once stationed in El Salvador. She also reveals that, unlike most people like her and Declan who were passionately fighting for a cause, The Jackal was always cold and emotionless. After the interview, Isabella discreetly gives Mulqueen a key to a drop box that has a clean passport and $10,000 cash for him to go back to Ireland. However, Mulqueen refuses to use it as he has given Preston his word he wouldn't run. He promises however to use it if he clearly sees the FBI might turn on him. On their way back, Koslova finally warms up to Declan and has a conversation with him. She also warns him that she knows about the key and hopes he will not use it until their business is concluded. Back at the office, they have a meeting with FBI Director Brown and members of different services, including the Russian embassy, to form a crisis cell entirely focused on chasing down The Jackal. However, it appears many of them clearly underestimate who the man really is and how serious of a threat he should be considered. Declan reveals The Jackal probably has four sets of perfectly good IDs to move around anywhere in the world. He also reminds them that he's been at the top of a trade that doesn't allow error for twenty years and should be taken with the highest level of seriousness. Meanwhile, the Jackal is in Washington, vetting a children's hospital that will open in two weeks. A gala opening is scheduled which will be chaired by FBI Director Brown and the First Lady among others. He then goes to a local gay club where he heavily flirts with a local businessman whom he cons into giving him his business card and promises romance when he gets back in town. He also steals a parking permit from one of the cars in the parking lot. He then travels to Montreal, Quebec, Canada to pick up the weapon he purchased. That night, he notices he's being followed. He goes to a local internet cafe where he is notified by his Internet contacts that a group of hijackers have located and are pursuing his weapon. He goes back to his hotel where he rushes to the bottom of the parking garage and uses a pressure gun to remove the paint and turn his van blue. He protects the van by using an extremely toxic substance sprayed on the car handle which kills one of the goons as soon as he touches it. He then quickly maneuvers through the hotel and evades the others easily. The next day he visits small-time hood engineer Ian Lamont (Jack Black), whom he has hired to design and build a remote controlled firing station for his weapon, demanding Lamont's absolute discretion and that he destroys any evidence the thing was ever made or that they ever met. Underestimating who he's dealing with, Lamont tries to blackmail him for more money. The Jackal agrees to pay the extra fee but asks for a location where he could test his weapon discretely in return. Lamont is more than happy to take him to a secluded wooded location. The Jackal soon realizes the weapon, once mounted on its firing station, is not as precise as he was hoping for, being off by a few millimeters. Lamont argues the weapon is not off and implies The Jackal is. The Jackal then test the automatic sight by locking in on Lamont whom he asks to run around so he can practice following him with the weapon. He then asks Lamont to stretch his arm and hold his pack of cigarettes. He clearly aims for the cigarettes but when the weapon is fired, it shoots off Lamont's arm entirely. The Jackal then switches the weapon to machine gun mode to simultaneously kill Lamont and destroy his car. The FBI makes progress when they're able to trace one of The Jackal's fake ID back to Montreal. They then get called to the Ottawa area where Lamont's remains were found. Investigating his workshop, they discover the plans for the firing station. With Mulqueen's insights, they deduce the kind of heavy machine gun The Jackal intends to use for the assassination. The Jackal then moves to a lakeside area where he purchases a sail boat. At night, he sneaks his weapon onto the boat, hiding the cannon inside the hollow tube of the sail. The next day, as he's sailing between Canada and Chicago, he makes a phone call to a man who informs him of what the FBI knows so far and the involvement of Declan Mulqueen. The Jackal informs the man that the operation continues. He then joins a popular regatta to try and sneak unnoticed into Chicago, however, Mulqueen was able to guess his next move and the FBI are there to welcome him, although they have no idea who they are looking for. The Jackal comes face to face with Mulqueen, who's gunless, and tries to kill him but Mulqueen is saved by Koslova who distracts The Jackal long enough for Mulqueen to dive underwater. The Jackal is able to escape with his weapon and his mini van. After the encounter, Mulqueen tells Preston they may have a mole within their cell since The Jackal had no reaction to seeing Mulqueen, as if he had been expecting him. Preston refuses to believe there is a traitor amongst them and argues with Mulqueen that he is making this quite personal. Mulqueen then reveals he does have a personal motive for hunting The Jackal: the assassin double-crossed Mulqueen and Isabella back in Libya, causing them to walk into a trap where Isabella was shot while she was pregnant with Mulqueen's child, causing a miscarriage. While The Jackal is making his way from Chicago to Washington, having repainted his mini van red, Preston reveals to the cell that he decided Mulqueen may have been right and has secretly put everyone's phone under surveillance, including the Russian ambassador with Koslova's autorisation. Director Bolitonov of the Russian embassy is then revealed as a mole when a call with The Jackal has been intercepted and recorded. That night, as The Jackal is getting drunk all by himself in his hotel room, he makes a call to Bolitonov but finds out he will have to continue without the informant's tips he's been receiving. As a precaution after finding out there was a mole within the cell, Koslova and Witherspoon goes back to Isabella's house to evacuate her family in case The Jackal somehow knew about them. They turn out to be right when Mulqueen and Preston finds out Bolitonov had provided The Jackal with a direct access code to FBI records. Accessing the records themselves, they find out that Witherspoon went "by the book" and did put Isabella's name and address in his report. Meanwhile, The Jackal has sneaked into Isabella's house and, not finding Isabella, kills Witherspoon and McMurphy before mortally wounding Koslova. He then leaves a message for Mulqueen that "he can't protect his women," which Valentina repeats to Mulqueen before she dies. Mulqueen then promises Isabella he will kill The Jackal once and for all and asks her for a gun since Preston refuses to give him one. The Jackal calls the gay businessman he was flirting heavily with earlier and tells him he's in town and looking to hook up. The man gives him his address and the keys to his house. When he joins him later after work, The Jackal is no longer flirtatious and is rather cold which throws him off completely. When the man looks at the news and recognizes The Jackal from a portrait being displayed, The Jackal simply reaches for his gun and shoots him dead without a second thought. He then goes to the children's hospital opening gala where he uses the parking permit he stole earlier to park his mini van at a prime spot and dresses up as a police officer to fit in with the crowd. He also uses his disguise to turn away cops that wants to take a closer look at his mini van. As the Jackal makes his final preparations, Mulqueen reflects on everything that happened so far. Especially The Jackal's willingness to keep going even after finding out that the FBI knows about two of his IDs, the mini van, the weapon, his target and Declan getting involved. Adding to his thoughts the message he received through Valentina and her words about Therek Murad wanting something Public and brutal, Mulqueen realizes they had the wrong target all along. The Jackal is not going after Director Brown, he's going after the First Lady who is due to give a public speech at the ceremony the Director was meant to attend. Preston and Mulqueen, along with the army, quickly fly to the hospital. While in flight, Preston takes off his microphone and offers Declan a sniper rifle and clears him to shoot both the weapon or the man should he find either. As Preston runs to the podium to tackle the First Lady out of harm's way, Mulqueen takes sniping position on the rooftop with a sniping partner. He spots The Jackal's most likely exit strategy, a subway station just around the corner, and the mini van. With a precise shot, Declan is able to take out the weapon's camera, causing The Jackal to shoot blind. The Jackal shoots frantically at the stage but the lack of camera causes him to miss entirely while Preston saves the First Lady, getting shot in the leg in the process. Mulqueen then leaves his position to get to the subway station, leaving his sniping partner to neutralize the weapon which he does by blowing up the vehicle. With his plan disintegrating fast, The Jackal flees into the subway where he gets chased through the subway tunnels by Declan. After a cat-and-mouse chase and a shoot out, The Jackal grabs a teen girl as hostage and forces Declan to drop his gun. As he's about to kill Declan, The Jackal surprisingly gets shot in the throat by an unseen person who is revealed to be Isabella, whom Declan has been updating about his position all along, making everyone believe he was updating Preston. Mulqueen then empties Isabella's gun into The Jackal to make sure he stays dead. A few days later, Preston and Mulqueen stand as the only witnesses to the Jackal's burial in an unmarked grave. Preston informs Mulqueen that he is going back to Russia to pursue the war against Therek Murad and that Mulqueen's request to be released was denied, but he will likely be moved to a more comfortable minimum security prison. He also informs him that his heroics in saving the First Lady have made Preston a hero in the FBI and quite untouchable, no matter how much he messes up from now on. He then tells Mulqueen that he knows about the Dropbox key Isabella gave him earlier. With the knowledge that his recent actions and his current clout with the office protects him from any real backlash against him, Preston suggests he will go get a coffee at a stand nearby which should leave Mulqueen alone for about 30 minutes which, for an experienced operative like Mulqueen is plenty enough to disappear. The two men thank each other and part ways. 
 Trainspotting (1996)431) Renton, deeply immersed in the Edinburgh drug scene, tries to clean up and get out, despite the allure of the drugs and influence of friends. A wild, freeform, Rabelaisian trip through the darkest recesses of Edinburgh low-life, focusing on Mark Renton and his attempt to give up his heroin habit, and how the latter affects his relationship with family and friends: Sean Connery wannabe Sick Boy, dimbulb Spud, psycho Begbie, 14-year-old girlfriend Diane, and clean-cut athlete Tommy, who's never touched drugs but can't help being curious about them... Michael Brooke <michael@everyman.demon.co.uk> Renton is an Edinburgh lad with a heroin addiction problem. His best mates are: somewhat dimwitted but good-hearted Spud, also a heroin addict; con man Sick Boy, also a heroin addict who has steadfast opinions on the most renowned British actors; and Tommy, a clean cut athlete who doesn't use. The likelihood of Renton, Spud and/or Sick Boy leading Tommy astray are higher than the other way around as problems in Tommy's life resulting in him wanting to use are more likely than any of Renton, Spud or Sick Boy having a reason to follow Tommy's clean example. Renton, Spud and Sick Boy often use with Allison, the mother of an infant, they, including baby Dawn, congregating in Swanney's drug den. They also need to steal and rob to support their habit, those activities often with the assistance of their criminal acquaintance Begbie, whose violent tendencies can be ignited on the slightest provocation. Despite Renton, Spud and Sick Boy believing there is no better feeling than being high, Renton truly does want to quit using, or so he tells himself. The struggles Renton have in trying to get clean are presented. He may feel that other priorities in his life may help him, such as the love at first sight feelings he has for Diane, who he sees across a nightclub room but who may not be all she appears at first glance. Renton probably realizes that he can never get clean in his current environment, which includes hanging around with Spud, Sick Boy, Begbie, Allison and Swanney, but getting out from their influence may not be as easy as just physically leaving. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in Edinburgh, the film begins with Mark Renton's ( Ewan McGregor ) narration as he and his friend, Spud ( Ewen Bremner ) sprint down Princes Street, pursued by security guards. Renton states that unlike people who 'choose life' (traditional families, materialistic possessions and financial stability), he decided live life as a heroin addict. The rest of Renton's close circle of football enthusiast friends are introduced: con-artist Sick Boy ( Jonny Lee Miller ), clean-cut athlete Tommy ( Kevin McKidd ) and sociopath, Frank Begbie ( Robert Carlyle ), whom along with Tommy, has decided not to do heroin and criticizes his friends regularly for their lifestyle choice. Sick Boy, Spud and Renton are all heroin addicts who spend their days shooting up in their drug dealer, Swanney's ( Peter Mullan ) flat. Swanney is often referred to as "The Mother Superior" by the guys. One day, Renton decides to give up heroin. He decides to employ Sick Boy's method of locking himself in a cheap rented room with enough food, equipment and supplies to endure the withdrawal. Realizing he needs one last high to get him through the night, he breaks himself out of his room and buys opium rectal suppositories from dealer, Mikey Forrester ( Irvine Welsh ). After this final hit (and a nasty spell of diarrhea), Renton returns to the cheap room to finish the process. He later goes to a nightclub with the gang, noticing that his sex drive has returned with a vengeance. He eventually leaves with a young woman named Diane ( Kelly Macdonald ). After having sex together, Diane refuses to sleep in the same room as Renton and forces him to sleep in the hallway on a sofa. In the morning, Renton realizes that Diane is in fact a 15 year old schoolgirl and the flatmates sitting around the breakfast table are in fact, her parents. Horrified, Renton tries to shake off the incident but remains friends with Diane, who threatens to tell the police that Renton had sex with her despite being underage. Tommy is dumped by his girlfriend Lizzy ( Pauline Lynch ) after a string of events unintentionally initially started by Renton. Renton had borrowed a sex tape of Tommy & Lizzy, without their consent, hiding it in the box of a football tape. Lizzy angrily believes that Tommy had mistakenly returned the tape to the video store. Tommy gets Sick Boy, Spud and Renton to join him on a walk in the Scottish highlands at the end of a train line but the guys are reluctant, believing they're being punished by Tommy for the hard time he's receiving from Lizzy. Tommy tries to convince them that they'll be getting fresh air and seeing the great outdoors of their country but Renton retorts, saying that Scottish culture is highly unappreciated by the rest of the world. At that point, Sick Boy, Spud and Renton decide to use heroin again and a broken-hearted Tommy asks to try it to see why they like it so much, despite Renton's reluctance. One day during a heroin-induced stupor, the gang are interrupted by Allison (a fellow heroin addict) who is screaming hysterically because her infant child, Dawn has died from neglect. All are shell-shocked, especially Sick Boy who is implied to be the baby's father. Something crashes in Sick Boy and he becomes more nihilistic than ever, living only to feed his and his friends' addiction. Renton and Spud are later caught stealing from a book shop and are pursued by security guards, as seen in the beginning of the film. Sick Boy alludes the police despite the theft being his idea. Due to prior convictions, Spud is sent to prison whereas Renton is put on a Drug Intervention Programme and given methadone. Despite support from friends and family, Renton becomes increasingly bored and depressed and escapes to Swanney's flat where he takes a particularly strong hit and nearly dies. At a local emergency room, Renton is brought out of his trip and his parents pick him up. Determined to make him kick, they lock him in his room so he can beat his addiction cold turkey. As Renton lies in bed going through severe withdrawal symptoms, he hallucinates that Diane is singing to him, friends are giving him advice and Allison's dead baby is crawling on the ceiling. The hallucination sequence is intercut with weird, imagined scenes from a TV game show, with Dale Winton asking Renton's parents questions about HIV. Renton is finally woken from his nightmares and is told by his parents that he needs to get tested. Despite years of sharing syringes with other drug addicts, Renton's test comes back negative. Clean of heroin, Renton decides to visit Tommy who, by now, is lost in his heroin addiction and has contracted HIV. He's living in a filthy flat, with graffiti on the door proclaiming he has AIDS. Renton gives Tommy a little money to get by. On Diane's advice, Renton moves to London and gets a job as a property letting agent. He begins enjoying his new life of sobriety but it's short-lived after Begbie's involved in an armed robbery. He turns up at Renton's flat, asking for a place to hide out, disrupting Renton's life with his freeloading and slovenly ways. One day Begbie has Renton lay a bet on a horse race and it hits, coming in with enough money for them to enjoy a brief period of revelry. At the dance club they go to, Begbie finds a woman whom he tries to have sex with, only to find that the person is a transvestite. He angrily tells Renton that he's not gay and attacks Renton when he suggests it could have turned into a beautiful night for Begbie. Sick Boy, who now sees himself as a well-connected pimp and drug pusher, also shows up on Renton's doorstep. Renton's 'friends' make his life more miserable, stealing from him and trashing his flat. Sick Boy steals and sells Renton's television, despite the fact that it was a rental and then has a the temerity to ask Renton if he wants to sell his passport. Renton takes his passport and stores it in a train station locker. Seeking to rid himself of them, Renton gives them a flat he's responsible for which they use as a base to commit theft, however, Renton doesn't charge them rent to live there. Their squatting is discovered when Renton's boss finds a couple willing to live there. However, the three have to return to Edinburgh when they learn Tommy has died due to toxoplasmosis. Back home, they meet Spud who's been released from prison. Sick Boy suggests a dangerous but profitable heroin transaction via Mikey Forrester. Sick Boy needs Renton's help to foot half of the initial 4,000 to buy the supply. After the purchase, Renton reluctantly checks the purity by injecting himself and declaring it to be high quality. The four then travel back to London to sell the drugs to a dealer. On the bus down, Begbie is extremely nervous and uptight since the police are still searching for him. Renton promises himself one final hit before they reach London and ponders if he'll become addicted again. The meet the dealer in a hotel room and after a purity check and a bit of haggling, they agree on 16,000. They all go to a pub to celebrate, all them friendlier and happier than they usually are, and discuss their plans to spend the money. Renton suggests to Spud that they steal the money and run as Begbie & Sick Boy get drinks in. Spud is too scared of Begbie to consider it. Renton believes that neither Begbie nor Sick Boy deserve the money. As Begbie heads back to the table with another round of pints he bumps into another patron and spills much of the beer he bought. When the man apologizes, Begbie turns violent and smashes the man's face with one of the glasses. As he moves in to cut the man with a knife, he slashes Spud's hand. Realizing that he's probably matured more than his friends and, with the exception of Spud, they're more of a danger to him now, Renton decides to leave them while taking the money. Early in the morning, Renton wakes up before anyone else and takes the money from Begbie, leaving quietly. Spud sees him leave but says nothing; Renton gives him an affirmative nod. After Begbie discovers the money has gone, he trashes the hotel room in a violent rage that alerts the police, presumably leading to his arrest. Renton walks out into London and vows to live the traditional, stable life he talked about in the beginning of the film. In voiceover, he talks about how Begbie has become too dangerous and that Sick Boy would have stolen the money from everyone if he'd thought to do it first. He does feel some remorse for leaving Spud behind and leaves him 2,000 in the locker where he'd been hiding his passport. In the final scene, Spud retrieves the money Renton left for him. 
 Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)761) James Bond sets out to stop a media mogul's plan to induce war between China and the UK in order to obtain exclusive global media coverage. Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is on a mission which includes a media tycoon, his former lover and a Chinese Agent. Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) wants to complete his global media empire, but in order for this to work, he must achieve broadcasting rights in China. Carver wants to start up World War III by starting a confrontation over British and Chinese waters. Bond gains the help of Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh) on his quest to stop him, but how will Bond feel when he meets up with his former lover, Paris (Teri Hatcher), who is now Carver's wife. simon Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) is an egotistical media baron. Carver has the power to reach every person on the planet through his Carver Media Group Network except for the People's Republic of China who refuse his presence in their country. When he is tied to the disappearance of a British battleship in the South China Sea, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is sent to investigate. It is in Hong Kong where Bond meets Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), a member of the People's External Security Force of China. With and without Wai Lin's help, Bond soon starts to uncover a plot that goes all the way back to a mission on the Russian-Kazakh Border, and will start a war only to feed the fire that is Carver's ego. Gabriel Vieira Megalomaniac media mogul Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) only needs broadcasting rights in China to complete his global communications empire. The Chinese, however, are proving to be stubborn, so he hatches a diabolical plan to thwart the Chinese by the simple means of starting a war between them and the British. When a British warship is sunk in Chinese waters, and its deadly payload stolen, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) embarks on a dangerous mission against the clock to discover the truth. The Chinese also want to know what is happening and dispatch their own Agent, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), who proves to be a match for James Bond. Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce), a rich press baron, attempts to start World War III by convincing the British and the Chinese that they are making hostile advances towards each other. M (Dame Judi Dench) orders James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) to use his previous relationship with Carver's wife, Paris (Teri Hatcher), as a way of infiltrating his international organization, but Carver soon realizes Bond's intent. However, with the help of female Chinese Army Agent Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), Bond gets closer and closer, but will he get close enough to stop Carver from directing a U.K. missile at Beijing? Rhino <rhino@blueyonder.co.uk> Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan), the unstoppable action hero must prevent a tremendous disaster ripped from tomorrow's headlines. Someone is pitting the world's superpowers against each other, and only Bond can stop it. When a British warship is mysteriously destroyed in Chinese waters, the world teeters on the brink of World War III until 007 zeros in on the true criminal mastermind. Bond's do-or-die mission takes him to Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce), a powerful media mogul who manipulates world events as easily as he changes headlines from his global media empire. After soliciting help from Carver's sexy wife, Paris (Teri Hatcher), Bond joins forces with a stunning yet lethal Chinese Agent, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), in a series of explosive chases, brutal confrontations, and breathtaking escapes as they race to stop the presses on Carver's next planned news story: global pandemonium. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the border region of Russia, a large bazaar of illegally obtained weapons are being sold to international terrorists. Far away, in an observation room, M, her assistant, Charles Robinson and a British admiral, Roebuck, are watching the operation through cameras placed by an agent they've sent into the area. They identify many of the weapons and several of the buyers. Over M's protests that her agent has not finished his reconnaissance, the officers agree to launch a guided missile into the area believing that they will eliminate half of the world's most dangerous criminals. The missile is launched from a British frigate and speeds toward the target just as the command center receives a radio call from their agent on the scene. Among the camera images is a plane holding two powerful soviet nuclear weapons which may be triggered by the guided missile, or at least cause a horrific environmental disaster with the plutonium they contain being scattered throughout the area. An attempt to abort the missile attack fails and the agent, who is revealed to be James Bond, rushes into the area to steal the plane and the bombs. Many of the various terrorists are killed in the resulting shootout, but a few escape, including American techno-terrorist Henry Gupta (Ricky Jay). Bond reaches the plane and knocks the pilot in it unconscious. He successfully escapes the valley before the missile hits but is pursued by another of the surviving terrorists in a plane identical to his. He evades the 2nd plane, however, the pilot he knocked out awakes and throws a heavy cord around Bond's neck. Bond keeps control of the plane, flying under the second one and activates the rear ejection seat of his own plane, throwing the man up into the other plane, causing it to explode. Bond contacts the command center and tells them he is flying home with the nukes, asking the admiral where he wants his bombs delivered. In the South China sea, a British missile frigate, the HMS Devonshire, is on patrol and is being threatened by Chinese MIGs. They are supposedly far off their course and in Chinese territorial waters, despite what their satellite position tells them. They're being directed off course thanks to an encoder being overseen by Gupta. Nearby, an odd-looking boat, equipped with stealth technology, launches a sea drill into the water and punctures the hull of the British ship. Water begins pouring in as the sea drill is directed to an upper deck, increasing the rate of flooding. The ship's power is knocked out and the backup generators kick in, but the damage is too significant, and the captain gives orders to abandon ship. Some of the sailors manage to jump into the water, while others are trapped below deck and drown as the ship slips beneath the surface. As the ship sinks, the stealth boat shoots down one of the MIGs with a surface-to-air missile. The stealth boat's commanding officer, Richard Stamper, contacts his boss, corrupt international media mogul Elliot Carver, to tell him the 1st part of the operation is complete. Carver approves and gives Stamper the go-ahead for the 2nd part: to execute any survivors from the Devonshire using an automatic rifle fitted out with the same type of ammunition that would've been used by the Chinese. In his offices in Hamburg , Carver is writing the headline for his international newspaper, "Tomorrow", trying to decide if the words "British Soldiers Murdered" will generate the proper outrage. Carver is revealed to be a megalomaniac, who orchestrates disasters and scandals around the world for ratings, as shown in a subsequent scene where he videoconferences with executives from his foreign bureaus. He is orchestrating this attack on the Devonshire to provoke a war between China and Britain so that he can install a leader who is in his pocket who will grant him broadcasting rights in that country. In London, Bond is called back to duty during a romantic tryst. He is ordered to investigate Carver's involvement in the Devonshire incident. Besides the critical details of the incident being released hours before they became known in the latest edition of Tomorrow, MI6 has traced the mysterious signal that interfered with the communications with the Devonshire to one of Carver's satellites. Bond's lead-in to get to Carver will be a past relationship with Carver's wife Paris. Bond travels to Hamburg, Germany where Carver is scheduled to hold a big unveiling of his new media center. At the airport, he meets Q who provides him with a cellular phone and his car, a BMW 750 that can be remotely driven by the phone. Bond attends Carver's gala party and reconnects with Paris Carver and meets a new woman, Wai Lin, who claims to be from the New China news agency. During the gala party, Bond is apprehended by a few of Carver's thugs who take him to a sound proof room to beat him senseless. He overpowers them and shuts down Carver's broadcast. He returns to his hotel room to find Paris Carver waiting for him. The two sleep together and she tells him a way to infiltrate Carver's Hamburg media headquarters. The next day, Bond breaks into the headquarters of Carver's media company and finds the office occupied by Henry Gupta, Carver's communications specialist and known techno-terrorist. In Gupta's safe, Bond finds a CIA decoder device, the same one Gupta took from the arms bazaar Bond infiltrated earlier. It is believed that the device may have been used by Gupta to guide the Devonshire off course. Bond takes the decoder and is leaving the building when he is discovered by the guards. While escaping the factory, Bond spots Lin leaving as well. Bond is able to leave the factory in his car, which he drives to the parking garage of his hotel. On the way, he gets a call from Carver, who has been tipped off about his wife's involvement with Bond thanks to Gupta enhancing surveillance footage, and the theft of the decoder. Bond activates the security system of his car and goes to his room. There he finds Paris, dead on the bed. A videotape playing nearby shows a completed Carver broadcast saying Paris will be discovered murdered with an unidentified man, who will be found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The murderer, the sadistic Dr. Kaufman, promptly appears and takes Bond hostage at gunpoint. He is going to shoot Bond and make it look like a murder-suicide, showing Bond the videotape that will be shown on Carver's network. He is about to shoot Bond when he suddenly is informed over his earpiece by Stamper that the BMW's security system makes it impossible for Carver's men to get the decoder. Dr. Kaufman is told to torture Bond to find out how to get into the car. Bond hands over his cell phone and gives a code to punch in which will unlock the car. The phone sends a powerful electric shock into Dr. Kaufman and Bond turns the doctor's gun on the man and shoots him, completing the Carver media image of Paris' death. Bond returns to the parking garage and activates his car with his phone. He jumps into a rear window and pilots the car from the back seat. Carver's men have set up several traps for him but the car's defenses and weapons allow Bond to escape them. He pilots the car to the top level of the garage, jumps out and allows it to drive off the edge and plummet to the street where it lands directly in the Avis Rental office he got the car from. Bond reports to the South China Sea where he meets with American and British military officials and his CIA contact, Jack Wade. Bond shows the group how the decoder works and was used to change the location of the Devonshire. Now that they know where to find the sunken ship, Bond will explore it to prove that the ship was deliberately set off-course. Armed with a parachute and scuba gear, Bond must "HALO" jump into the wreck site, opening his chute a short distance above the water to avoid radar detection. Moments before Bond jumped, military officials discover that the site of the Devonshire is not actually in Chinese waters but those of Vietnam, making Bond's HALO jump more dangerous. Bond reaches the wreck and finds Wai Lin there already. The two discover that two of the Devonshire's guided missiles have been stolen. They surface before the ship sinks deeper into the sea and are promptly captured by Stamper on a Vietnamese fishing boat. They are taken to Carver HQ in Saigon, where they say to Carver that they've been working together on the case for months. Carver orders Stamper to torture them both. Bond and Lin, though handcuffed together, start a gunfight and escape the building. They steal a motorcycle and are chased through the streets until cornered by Carver's helicopter. They grab a cable and are able to throw it into the tail rotor of the chopper, which crashes. Shortly after, while cleaning up, Lin unfastens her handcuff and refastens it to a pipe and leaves Bond behind. He quickly frees himself and tails her to her hideout. She's attacked by several thugs but Bond intervenes and they beat them. They decide to search for Carver's stealth boat together and re-arm themselves, Bond taking a Walther P-99 pistol as his new sidearm. The two search several areas large enough for Carver to hide his stealth craft and get lucky on the last cove. They board the boat and plan to plant explosive charges to disrupt its radar cover and make it visible to the British fleet. Lin is captured and Bond sneaks inside. Carver reveals his ultimate plan; he will launch one of the stolen British missiles into China, provoking a war. The new conflict will be covered by his media group and he will bid for exclusive rights to media coverage in China when his secret partner General Chang takes control of the Chinese government and miraculously ends the conflict. Bond is able to take Gupta hostage; Carver kills Gupta openly after the tech-expert tells his boss that the preparations are complete. However, a grenade planted by Bond with a small triggering device goes off near several flammable gas tanks, causing a huge explosion. The boat, now visible to radar, is attacked by the British navy, while the Chinese Air Force is ordered to stand down, unless the boat turns towards China. Carver orders Stamper to go ahead with the missile launch. Bond goes to deal with the missile, while Wai Lin heads to the engine room to disable the engines to make it easier for the British navy to destroy the boat. With the boat disintegrating around them, Bond fights through several of Carver's henchmen and corners the villain. Bond activates the sea drill hanging nearby and forces Carver into its path, killing him, while Wai Lin is captured by Stamper. Stamper has chained Lin and dangles her over the indoor pool; when she passes Bond some detonation fuses to sabotage the missile, Stamper drops her in the water. Bond and Stamper fight briefly and Bond traps the thug's ankle under the missile. With Stamper holding him in front of the missile's engines, he hopes that Bond will burn and die with him. Bond is able to cut the straps on his pack and he plunges into the water just as the missile launches and the detonators destroy it and Stamper. Under water, he rescues Lin, breathing air into her lungs with a kiss. The two surface just as the stealth boat sinks. They are later picked up by the British Navy while sharing a romantic moment in a lifeboat. 