nm0005447:

 Never Been Kissed (1999)651) A newspaper reporter enrolls in high school as part of research for a story. Chicago Sun Times copy editor Josie Gellar (25), who was desperate to graduate from perfectionist copy editor to reporter, gets her chance when the goody owner orders the editor to cover the high-school scene by undercover. Josie, who was a frustrated, ridiculed nerd, gets a popular make-over from her drop-out, naturally funny brother Rob Geller. Both siblings find love and joys of youth again. But in Josie's case, it's sensitive bachelor teacher Sam Coulson, who enjoys sophisticated conversation. As the publication deadline approaches, the price of blowing their cover seems ever more daunting, yet inevitable unless she sacrifices her career. KGF Vissers Josie Geller, at 25 the youngest Chicago Sun-Times copy editor, really is good at her job, which requires brain more than writing skills. The owner of the paper now wants her and no other to report undercover about today's high schools. Josie enrolls and quickly falls back into her own school habits: She was then known as Josie Grossie, she did not make any friends, she even was humiliated. Now, with a good job in her life and with her experiences from a life after school, she tries to fit in as well as possible. Having to seek friendship with some pretty but not very bright girls instead of with the people who really interest her gets really hard for Josie, but her job is at stake, if there is no gripping cover story soon. Falling for a teacher whom she is ordered to shred to pieces in her article, Josie is confronted with her greatest conflict - but also with the chance to undo mistakes she did in her own school days. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Josie Gellar, is a brainy yet plain copy editor for the Chicago Sun Times. She desperately wants to be a reporter and one day her wish comes true. She is sent undercover to her old high school to find out about what teenagers are like. Though she accepts Josie has some painful memories, when she was in high school she was a geek with braces who was called Josie Grossie. She was humiliated on her prom night by the guy she had a crush on. Josie sees her assignment as an opportunity to redo everything and correct the mistakes she made in high school. She gets a make over, and with the help of her brother who was popular in high school, becomes friends with the pretty but pea brained, popular girls. However Josie's life hits rock bottom when she is told to do her story on her English teacher, who she has fallen for. She now has to decide whether to be true to her dream of being a reporter or true to her heart. x_baby angel A copy editor in her early 20s gets her chance to become a reporter at a Chicago daily. She's sent to do a feature on what cool high schoolers are doing. To really find out, she goes undercover as a student. Back at school, she gets to repair her own scarred teen psyche, as she was a total geek in her first go-around. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Josie Geller (Drew Barrymore) is a highly intelligent, if pedantic and lonely, copy-editor for the Chicago Sun-Times. Josie desperately wants to be a reporter, and constantly sends story ideas to her boss, Gus (John C. Reilly), who appreciates her eagerness but does not believe she is up to the challenge of being a reporter. Josie is disillusioned with her life and avoids other people, which puzzles her promiscuous co-worker Anita (Molly Shannon). One day during a staff meeting, the tyrannical editor-in-chief, Rigfort (Garry Marshall) assigns her to report undercover at a high school to help parents become more aware of their children's lives. Josie is overjoyed, but Anita and Gus think its a bad idea, and that she will get fired. But she asserts herself and hurries to tell her younger brother, Rob (David Arquette), a former high school baseball champion who works at a postage and packaging store named the Tiki Post and is similarly disillusioned with life. Rob thinks it is a terrible idea for Josie to go undercover as a student, and reminds her of her own awful high school career, where she was a misfit treated with contempt and cruelty by her peers, and was labelled "Josie Grossie". A nickname which continues to haunt her, along with her misery at being treated so brutally. Josie has never had a romance due to her insecurities. She is unnerved, but is determined to undergo the assignment. Her first day at South Glen South High School is miserable. Josie reverts back to the old geeky persona that ruined her first high school career. She is late to class and is forced to wear a sombrero as punishment by her eccentric, menopausal teacher. She also has an unfortunate run in with Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen, three mean, popular girls, and Guy Perkins (Jeremy Jordan), the most attractive, popular student at South Glen South. Upon discovering that Guy and his friends have hidden her car, Josie becomes exasperated but is warmed when a kind-hearted, intelligent girl named Aldys (Leelee Sobieski) befriends her. Aldys dislikes Guy Perkins and his gang, referring to them as "lemmings", and they in turn view her as an uncool geek. Aldys sugguests that Josie should join The Denominators, a group of intelligent students. Josie does but fails to get her story. Josie becomes enamoured with her young English teacher Sam Coulson(Michael Vartan), who is a fan of Shakespeare, as is Josie, and she becomes the top student in his class. After reciting a romantic excerpt from Shakespeare to Sam, Josie has horrible flashbacks to where she read a romantic poem aloud in class to her high school crush, a popular boy named Billy Prince, much to his amusement. Later on in the library, her friend Sheila delivers the news that Billy Prince wants to take Josie to the senior prom, making her dream come true. One night whilst out driving with Aldys, Josie encounters Guy Perkins and his gang at a local hangout called "The Court" where promiscuity and underage drinking takes place. Guy is nasty to Josie and Aldys, who claims that nothing exciting happens in Guy's court, but Josie knows form experience that Aldys secretly longs to be popular. Gus loses patience with Josie after a rival paper exposes the truth on The Court, and orders to Josie to become friends with the popular kids. He arranges for her to wear a hidden camera that will report back information to Gus, and soon the whole office become obsessed with Josie's story. Anita, after hearing Josie's recital of Shakespeare, grows unhappy with her promiscuous lifestyle and develops an attraction towards Gus, and he reciprocates. Josie goes home she confides in Rob about fears. She tearfully tells him that South Glen South is simply a repetition of her old high school days and all she wants is to be accepted and not abused. Rob - who was the most popular guy in school in his youth - insists that if Josie can get one cool person to like her, then no one will dare question her. He urges her to let go of her old self and start anew. Determined, Josie goes to school the next day and overhears Guy telling his group about a cool band that are playing in a bar that night. Josie follows and meets Sam and his uptight girlfriend Lara. However she is tricked into eating a hash brownie and makes a fool of herself onstage by dancing wildly in front of Guy, the girls and Sam. The next day Josie sleeps in for school. As her hand was stamped "delloser" the night before at the club, the ink prints the word "loser" on her forehead, unknown to her. She merrily goes to school and is horrified to find everyone mocking her. She runs to the bathroom, sees the mark on her face and vomits in the toilet. She breaks down in tears and remembers the night of her prom. She was overjoyed at the thought of Billy Prince taking her to the prom and waits outside for him in her prom gown. But when Billy arrives in his limo, he has another girl with him and the both of them hurl eggs and insults at Josie, who collapses in tears. As she runs through the school hall, she encounters Rob who has enrolled as a new student and schemes to help her be popular. He becomes an instant hit with Guy Perkins and the other trendy kids, and spreads incredible stories about Josie, convincing the others that she is not a loser. Much to the anger of Aldys, Josie becomes popular and hangs out with the cool crowd. Sam and Josie grow closer but Sam struggles with his feelings as he thinks that she is a student and therefore off limits. Josie begins dating Guy and she recommends that the theme for the senior prom should be "Meant for Each Other", famous couples from around the world. This idea is met with approval and Guy and Josie attend the prom as Rosalind and Orlando from Shakespeare's As You Like It. Anita, Gus and Josie's various other co-workers watch through the camera and are overjoyed as she is voted prom queen. As Guy dances with Aldys, as an alleged act of friendship, Josie dances with Sam and watches, horrified, as Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen nearly pour dog food over Aldys as revenge for her insulting them. Josie knocks the can away from Aldys and spills dog food over the three girls, who turn on her and denounce her as a loser. Infuriated, Josie throws her crown away and reveals her true age and occupation, and that she is disgusted by them. She angrily states how shallow the popular girls are, and praises Aldys for her kindness. Josie warns the students that who you were in high school means nothing outside in the real world and urges them to be themselves. She flees and leaves the students appalled. Sam is hurt by her lies and states he wants nothing to do with her. Josie vows to give Gus a story and write her story of her own high school career. She admits she has never been kissed, and also mentions the students of South Glen South, kindly remarking on Guy's confidance, Gibby, Kirsten and Kristen's beauty, and Aldys's intelligence, and her love for Sam. The entire city is moved by her story and the pain she suffered in her teens. She says she will stand in the middle of the baseball field and wait for Sam to come and kiss her, if he really loves her. Josie waits but Sam has not heard as he is moving to New York. She waits with encouragement from Anita, Aldys, Gus, Guy and the girls. However just when her five minutes on the clock runs out, Sam appears, apologizes for being late and kisses her. 
 Joy Ride (2001)44) Three young people on a road trip from Colorado to New Jersey talk to a trucker on their CB radio, then must escape when he turns out to be a psychopathic killer. College student Lewis decides to drive across the country to see Venna, a friend who doesn't know that Lewis is interested in her romantically. Unfortunately for his plans, Lewis gets saddled with his raucous-spirited older brother, Fuller, whose on-the-road pranks get the brothers and Venna sucked into a nightmare when a psychopathic truck driver takes offense. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> The plot concerns Lewis Thomas, a young man who decides to go cross-country to pick up his high school sweetheart, Venna Wilcox, from college. On his way there, he bails his brother, Fuller Thomas, out of jail. Fuller, looking for a good time, decides to ride with Lewis. During their trip to pick up Venna, Fuller coaxes Lewis into playing a cruel joke, through their CB radio, on a truck driver, known only as 'Rusty Nail.' When the joke takes a deadly turn, Lewis, Venna, and Fuller find themselves being relentlessly stalked by the psychopathic truck driver who is looking for more than an apology. Robert Rosado <valentine@love-hurts.org> Lewis Thomas, a college student, decides to go on a cross-country trip to pick up his girlfriend, Venna. On his way there, he picks up his older brother, Fuller, from jail. Fuller, looking for a good time, decides to tag along with his brother. During the trip, Fuller also decides to play a prank on a guy, only known as Rusty Nail, through his CB radio and convinces Lewis to do it with him. At first, it seemed like fun. But not soon after, the joke goes too far. Pretty soon, Lewis, Fuller, and Venna find themselves in danger when a psychopathic truck driver would constantly follow them on their tails and would stop at nothing just to see them dead. Chris Wang {Magicalprinceofthieves@yahoo.com} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 88 Minutes (2007)651) On the day that a serial killer that he helped put away is supposed to be executed, a noted forensic psychologist and college professor receives a call informing him that he has 88 minutes left to live. In Seattle, the successful forensic psychiatrist and college professor Jack Gramm is in evidence since he was responsible for the condemnation of the serial killer Jon Forster, influencing the jury to sentence him to the death row. Jon accuses Jack of manipulation, inducing one witness and sister of one of his victims to testify against him. On the eve of Jon's execution, Jack receives a phone call telling him that he has only eighty-eight minutes of life, while a killer is copycatting Jon, killing women with the same "modus-operandi" and is investigated by Seattle Slayer Task Force. With the support of associate Shelly Barnes, an FBI agent, his friend Frank Parks, and his assistant Kim Cummings, Jack investigates some weird and problematic students, a security guard of the campus and the woman with whom he had one night stand. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Dr. Jack is a shrewed womanizing Forensic Psychologist and professor working with the FBI in Seattle. A tortured past makes him great at what he does. Jack's past is returning to pull him on another roller-coaster as a killer that he helped to put on death row approaches the last minutes of his life. Miist In Seattle, Jon Forster is slated for execution today. He was convicted nine years ago for the torturous murder of Joanie Cates, that conviction largely possible by the expert testimony of forensic psychiatrist Jack Gramm, who also teaches at Northwestern Washington University and has a private practice. Jack's testimony was especially important as the only known witness, Joanie's twin sister Janie Cates, only saw the murderer as a shadowy figure. The murder took place in their apartment, Joanie, drugged but alive, hung upside down using a system of pulleys while she was tortured before being murdered. In the intervening years, a handful of seemingly copycat murders have taken place in Seattle, with no one convicted in those subsequent cases, leading to the thought by some, including within the FBI, that Forster may not be Joanie's murderer. As such, the FBI does question Jack today to ensure that he still stands by his testimony before Forster's execution. Jack also learns today that the latest murder occurred last night, the victim, Dale Morris, who was a patient of his, and who he saw last night at a party celebrating Forster's conviction. As he is on his way to teach a class, Jack receives a telephone call, the computer altered voice on the other end telling him that he will be murdered in eighty-eight minutes. He receives subsequent telephone calls and messages every five minutes or so counting down the minutes. The eighty-eight minutes is significant in Jack's life pertaining to the murder of his younger sister Katie when she was a child. As such, he knows that what is currently happening is personal against him. He is certain that Forster, despite being behind bars, is behind the subsequent murders and the death threat against him. Jack has to figure out within those eighty-eight minutes who is working on Forster's behalf, the leading suspects in his mind being one of his many students who are enthralled with the case, and/or someone who attended that celebratory party who knew of his association with Dale, that perpetrator who knows these intimate details of his life in their entirety. Huggo A thriller about a college professor who, while moonlighting as a forensic psychiatrist for the FBI, receives a death threat telling him that he has only 88 minutes to live. In narrowing down possible suspects, he frantically seeks to communicate with a problem student, an ex-girlfriend, and a serial killer on death row. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a scene of an unknown assailant breaking into the home of two sisters. After one goes to sleep, the attacker subdues one of them using halothane and murders her after torturing her. After police questioning, the attacker, Jon Forster ( Neal McDonough ), is convicted by a jury after Jack Gramm ( Al Pacino ) testifies against him in court. As Gramm leaves, Forster taunts him, saying "tick tock." Nine years later, several similar torture murders with very similar modi operandi occur. Gramm is questioned but released. On the way to his class, he receives a threatening phone call telling him that he has 88 minutes to live until 11:45 a.m.. He reports the threat to Shelly ( Amy Brenneman ), his secretary, and brushes off the threat. He receives another call while teaching in his classroom, and he becomes suspicious of several of the students. A dean, Carol ( Deborah Kara Unger ), enters the classroom and warns everyone of a bomb threat, telling everyone to leave. Gramm finds a written threat on the overhead projector screen in the classroom. Gramm goes to the parking lot to see that his car has been vandalized with a similar threat with fewer minutes showing. As Gramm walks toward campus security, he finds one of his students, Lauren Douglas ( Leelee Sobieski ), has been attacked by an unknown person in the same parking garage. Gramm reports this to the campus police after questioning nearby people at the garage exit. Gramm later discovers, through a tape about his younger sister being killed years earlier, that someone had accessed his secure files. With the help of his teaching assistant Kim ( Alicia Witt ), Gramm tries to notify authorities while trying to uncover Forster's past at the same time. One suspect is Kim's former husband, Guy has been watching Dr. Gramm. Guy had spent time in the same prison as Forster. His secretary, Shelly, who is a lesbian, finally admits that she was distracted by a woman who some how got a copy of the tape out of the secure area. As Shelly and the woman are lying on the couch in the office after their love making, the camera pans down and you can see it is Lauren there with her. The pieces begin to fit together. Guy comes to Dr. Gramm's apartment about the same time as someone starts a fire in the elevator. As Kim opens the door to the apartment, some one on the lower landing, wearing a motorcycle helmet, opens fire and Guy is killed in a hail of bullets. Parks wants to arrest Gramm now because of all the evidence piling up against him, but Gramm convinces Parks to give me just ten more minutes to find out who's behind all the murders and why. However Gramm has found out that a visitor to Forster on several occasions and identified herself as a "Lydia", one of his attorneys. He looked at a fax copy of her ID and sees the picture is Lauren. Carol calls and tells Gramm to meet her in his office on campus at 11:40, she ends the call by giving Gramm a similar threat by saying "tick tock." Soon after, Kim calls Gramm telling him he has five minutes to meet her in another building on campus and she adds, "tick tock." Before leaving, he manages to convince Agent Parks ( William Forsythe ) to make a rendezvous with him at 11:40 in the other building on the 7th floor. Gramm arrives and finds that Lydia (who is actually Lauren under a pseudonym) had set this up and was working with Forster all this time. Carol has been hung over a balcony by a rope around her heel, while Kim has been tied up in a chair. Lauren threatens Gramm with a gun and threatens to drop Carol if he doesn't drop his gun. She forces him to "confess" that he gave false details at the trial, but Parks has arrived is across the courtyard on the same floor. Gramm tells Lauren, but she doesn't believe him. Parks shoots Lauren just as the 88 minutes ends. Both Carol and Lauren begin to fall from the 7th floor balcony. Gramm tries to save both but is unable to hold onto Lauren and haul up Carol, and so he chooses Carol over Lauren who falls to her death. He manages to pull Carol back up with the help of Parks. Just then, Lauren's cell phone rings and it's Forster calling, Forster laughs at Gramm and tells him to put his lawyer on the phone. He says when he gets out, he's going to come pee on Gramm's grave. Gramm tells him that Lauren is dead and that Forster only has 12 hours to live. Gramm then throws the cell phone over the railing and it smashes on the floor below. 
 In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale (2007)321) A man named Farmer sets out to rescue his kidnapped wife and avenge the death of his son, two acts committed by the Krugs, a race of animal-warriors who are controlled by the evil Gallian. Set in the kingdom of Ehb, the story follows Farmer ( Jason Statham ), who was adopted by his village. When Farmer's wife, Solana ( Claire Forlani ), and his son leave to sell vegetables at the town of Stonebridge, Farmer's farm is attacked by creatures called Krugs. With the help of his friend and neighbor Norrick ( Ron Perlman ), he travels to Stonebridge where his wife and son are. Before he arrives, the Krugs, controlled by the wizard Gallian ( Ray Liotta ), kill his son and capture his wife. Farmer, with the help of Bastian ( Will Sanderson ), his brother-in-law, and Norrick sets out to find and rescue his wife. The King's nephew Fallow ( Matthew Lillard ) is conspiring with the wizard Gallian to take over the kingdom led by King Konreid ('Burt Reynolds'). btphelps and others Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the kingdom of Ehb, the story follows a man called 'the Farmer' (Jason Statham), an orphan who was adopted by a small village. When Farmer's wife, Solana (Claire Forlani), and his son, Zeph (Colin Ford) leave to sell vegetables at the town of Stonebridge, his farm is attacked by creatures called Krug. With the help of his friend and mentor, Norrick (Ron Perlman), he fights off the Krug and travels to Stonebridge. The Krug, controlled by the wizard Gallian (Ray Liotta), attack Stonebridge as well. Although Farmer fights them, he is unable to save his son Zeph and Solana's parents. Meanwhile, the wizard Gallian feeds incubus-like on Merick's daughter Muriella (Leelee Sobieski) and taps into her magical bloodline. This gives him the power to amass and control an army of Krug to overthrow King Konreid. The King's nephew, Duke Fallow (Matthew Lillard), a good for nothing rou, has let Gallian into the castle to conspire against the King. He asks Gallian about their plan, who in turn ask him what he knows of the man called Farmer. The King's Magus, Merick (John Rhys-Davies), detects that there is something special about Farmer when King Konreid (Burt Reynolds) and his entourage arrive to comfort Stonebridge. Merick ask Norrick if they have met before. It seem that Merick comes to know something special about Farmer. He meets Farmer and tells him that the King needs him more than he realize, who refuses to acknowledge his request and leaves to find and rescue his wife, who has been captured, accompanied by Norrick and Bastian (Will Sanderson), his brother-in-law. When the King returns to his castle, he finds Fallow playing around wearing his crown, sitting on the throne. Fallow impatiently orders Gallian to accelerate their plan. Gallian goes to Muriella's chamber to be with her where she shows her disapproval for him entering her chambers as and when it pleases him, without her wish. She tells him to leave when he ridicules her father. Fallow tries to appease the King while having dinner with him. Farmer along with his two friends are passing through a seemingly dangerous Sedrick forest which Norrick disapproves as there has been stories about the presence of 'things' in there. Some forest Nymphs hangs them upside down and their leader, Elora (Kristanna Loken) tells them to leave the forest and never return again. Through Duke Fallow, Gallian had already poisoned the King when Muriella requests the King that she wishes to help as she can feel something wrong. Just then the King faints due of the poison. Meanwhile, Fallow meets Gallian and it seem that he too had been accidentally poisoned while dining with the King. Gallian gives him an antidote after reminding him who has the real power. General Hallette (Ron Selmour) informs Commander Tarish, who in turn tells Merick that Fallow has fled the castle taking two-third of the Army and other guards with him. Merick figures that Fallow has actually poisoned the King and suspects Gallian's hand in it. Merick confronts Muriella about her involvement with Gallian and tells her what wrong she has done. She apologizes whole heartedly. Elora helps Farmer, Norrick and Basbian to find their way out of the forest as they tell her that they are lost. She leaves as they reach across the forest where Krugs are there. The healed King is informed by Merick about Fallow's treachery. Farmer, Norrick and Bastian infiltrates the captive's camp to find Solana. Just when Farmer finds her, they are taken captives by the Kurbs. The next morning, the healed King, and the Army leaves the castle to battle with Krugs. Through a Krug, Gallian ask Farmer about his identity as he sees danger in him. He is about to hang Farmer, but he manages to kills the Krug. Norrick and Bastian are also taken captive in the same cage as Solana, where Bastian informs her about their parents and her son. Norrick consoles Solana telling her that Farmer will come to her rescue as he must and he needs her. Merick who has felt that Farmer is in danger, finds and rescues him from the ropes. Muriella feels guilty of breaking her father's trust and wishes to commit suicide, but her handmaiden, Talwyn (Tania Saulnier) reminds her of her father's love for her and Muriella leaves the castle, determined to prove herself worthy of her father's trust and love. When Merick brings the injured Farmer to the King's camp, a surprised Tarish ask him why was a dirt-lover (Farmer) of such importance. Merick tells him that Farmer is of special interest for the King who too isn't aware of that. He commands Farmer to be taken to the King's tent, where he reveals to both King and Farmer of Farmer's real identity. Farmer refuses to believe it saying that he had no parents and leaves the tent. The King asks Merick angrily that how can it be as he told him 30 years ago that his 3 year old son had been dead in a massacre. Merick says that what the gods do is for good, because if the little boy had been in the castle, he could have been killed by King's enemies. Farmer grew safe and strong in Stonebridge though. The next morning, Merick makes Farmer understand that the King and the kingdom needs him. In the forest, Tarish tells the soldiers that whosoever is with Fallow will be considered as traitor, while Fallow accuses him back for poisoning the King. He is then surprised to see the King with Tarish, who tells him that he can never be a king. General Backler (Mike Dopud), with 11th and 12th Legion of soldiers then join the King. Tarish, who is still unknown of Farmer's real identity and is skeptical of him, tells Farmer that he will keep an eye on him. The big climatic battle between King's army and Krugs begins. Muriella who seeks to join the King in the battle, is pursued by a Krug. Tarish develops faith in Farmer during the battle. Fallow shoots the King to death and runs away from the battlefield. The battle is ends when the King's men manage to kill all the Krugs on the battlefield. Fallow, who is returning to the castle, hoping to finally become King, is then attacked by the Forest Nymphs, Elora and Muriella, who take him back to the battlefield. Meanwhile, Norrick, Basbain and Solana are taken to Gallain's den where they are supposed to become slaves. Norrick who refuses to be a slave, dies courageously fighting with the Krugs, while Basbain and Solana try to flee but are recaptured. At the camp, the King appreciates Farmer's courage. The King realizes that he is indeed his lost son when Farmer quotes a line that King used to tell his son every night. Just before dying, he accepts him as his son and tells him to take up the kingdom after him. At the battlefield, Fallow is forced to fight Commander Tarish. He is about to be slain when someone yells that King is dead. Fallow, who by rule is now the new King, is happy as Tarish, bound by honor, can't kill the King. Merick then announces that the King is dead, and that Farmer is Camden Konreid, the king's long lost son. Farmer is then declared the new King of Ehb. Gallian finds out about Farmer being the new King through one of his Krugs. He also realizes that he has Farmer's wife in his captive. When she ask him how he knows she is Farmer's wife, he tells her that he can feel him in her as she is carrying his son, i.e., she is pregnant with Farmer's child. Farmer leads a small team, including himself, Muriella, Elora and Merick, to rescue his pregnant wife from Gallian. Merick dies to distract Gallian so that Farmer can sneak in with the help of Elora. While the forest Nymphs join the army to fights against the Krugs, Bastian tries to stage a breakout. Muriella becomes the new Magus and together Muriella and Farmer fight Gallian until Solana stabs him with a sword and Farmer cuts his throat off. As soon as Gallian is killed, Krubs retreats themselves. Farmer finally confesses his love for Solana verbally which he had never done before. 