nm0004269:

 World War Z (2013)761) Former United Nations employee Gerry Lane traverses the world in a race against time to stop a zombie pandemic that is toppling armies and governments and threatens to destroy humanity itself. Life for former United Nations investigator Gerry Lane and his family seems content. Suddenly, the world is plagued by a mysterious infection turning whole human populations into rampaging mindless zombies. After barely escaping the chaos, Lane is persuaded to go on a mission to investigate this disease. What follows is a perilous trek around the world where Lane must brave horrific dangers and long odds to find answers before human civilization falls. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) When former U.N. investigator Gerry Lane and his family get stuck in urban gridlock, he senses that it's no ordinary traffic jam. His suspicions are confirmed when, suddenly, the city erupts into chaos. A lethal virus, spread through a single bite, is turning healthy people into something vicious, unthinking and feral. As the pandemic threatens to consume humanity, Gerry leads a worldwide search to find the source of the infection and, with luck, a halt to it's spread. ahmetkozan A virulent and unprecedented pandemic of global proportions which turns humans into rabid flesh-eating zombies takes the world by surprise. Under these circumstances, the retired United Nations special agent, Gerry Lane, must leave behind a peaceful family life, a wife and two daughters, to escort a team of scientists on a mission to find a cure, navigating through zombie-swarmed cities. However, as the deadly pathogen obliterates entire areas, incessantly giving birth to diseased masses of freshly-reanimated undead, the frail hope of finding a viable solution starts drifting away. Does humanity have enough time to wait for a miracle? Nick Riganas Having retired as U.N. investigator, Gerry Lane devotes his time to wife Karin and their wining brat daughter Constance and Rachel in Philadelphia, until it becomes the next site of a globally spreading mystery epidemic turning bitten people into rabies-like zombies. His clueless former chief, deputy secretary general Thierry Umutoni, recalls him to the UN emergency team, thus offering the whole family a spot aboard the safe air carrier. Gerry joins though army veterans on reconnaissance to Korea, where a rogue CIA agent's suggestion proves worthless, then to Israel, where a Mossad 'contrarious tenth man' had the foresight to respond to a vague Indian pandemic threat by erecting a wall Jerusalem, only to see an undead flood overtake it. His last minute escape flight must deal drastically with an infected passenger before crashing in Cardiff, near a WHO research facility, where he combines and tests a daring out of the box 'camouflage' strategy inspired by weir observations. KGF Vissers Retired U.N. investigator Gerry Lane (Brad Pitt) and his family are sitting in what appears to be a typical Philadelphia traffic jam when helicopters began to circle ominously overhead and an explosion throws the city into panic. In the blink of an eye, the streets are consumed by chaos. When Gerry learns that the catalyst for the turmoil is a highly contagious virus that transforms those who contract it into rampaging maniacs and that legions of the infected are growing on all continents, he agrees to join his former colleagues in discovering the source of the rampant plague so that his wife and two daughters will be guaranteed safety aboard a UN fleet in the Atlantic Ocean. Upon tracing a crucial e-mail to a U.S. military base in South Korea, Gerry learns that the infection has spread more rapidly than anyone realizes. Although a subsequent trip to Jerusalem, where the government has constructed a massive wall to keep the public safe, initially offers hope that the growing horde can be kept at bay, an unexpected breach sends Gerry back into the sky in search of patient zero. Just when Gerry thinks he's traced the origins of the virus, however, the unthinkable happens. Subsequently stranded in Cardiff with a fearless Israeli soldier, Gerry quickly makes his way to a World Health Organization outpost where the few remaining scientists have hit a dead end in their search for a cure. But the struggle is far from over and after recalling an unusual scene witnessed in Jerusalem, Gerry prepares to make a leap of faith that could prevent the downfall of humanity.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Former UN employee Gerry Lane ( Brad Pitt ), his wife Karin ( Mireille Enos ) and their two daughters, Rachel and Constance, wake and enjoy a family breakfast. Gerry tells Constance, the youngest daughter, that he quit his job to spend more time with the family. On the TV is some news about strife and talk of martial law. Later, they sit in heavy Philadelphia traffic when the city is attacked by a horde of zombies -- these attackers move very quickly, biting people and the bitten being turned very rapidly. The Lanes are in a car crash during the panic stampede and Gerry notices it takes approximately 12 seconds for a bitten person to change. As the chaos spreads, the Lanes escape from the city in a stolen RV. They stop near Newark, New Jersey at a large food store where Karin stocks up on whatever food she can scrounge and Gerry is able to find medication when his eldest daughter, Rachel, who is suffering from a violent asthma attack as a result of the shock and stress of what happened to them. His wife is attacked by looters -- Gerry shoots one of them and Karin is let go. For a brief moment, it looks as though a police officer might arrest Jerry despite his holding the rifle over his head but the officer is simply looking for supplies himself. Outside the store the family takes refuge in an apartment complex in Newark. Deputy Secretary-General Thierry Umutoni ( Fana Mokoena ) - an old friend of Gerry's - calls and tells the family that he is sending a helicopter to rescue them, however it will take until the next morning to arrive. The Lanes hide out in a small apartment with a Latino family. One of the children, a boy named Tomas, speaks English and translates for the Lanes. Gerry, believing that the best chance of survival is to keep moving, is unable to convince Tomas' family to leave with them. The next morning, the Lanes creep through the mostly abandoned tenement trying to find the roof but the undead detect them and they are chased to the roof. They find Tomas on the way. When Gerry is attacked by several zombies, they spew blood on him. Arriving on the roof, Gerry steps to the edge, ready to throw himself off if the blood spilled on his face makes him turn. He doesn't and, after holding off another horde of the undead, the family boards the chopper and escapes. The helicopter takes the Lanes to a U.S. Navy aircraft carrier off the coast of New York City with a whole group of other refugees. On board, there is team of scientists and military personnel are analyzing the scope of the worldwide outbreak. Thierry is waiting there for them and fixes them up with bunks. A virologist, Dr. Andrew Fassbach ( Elyes Gabel ), argues that the plague is a virus, whose origin must be found in order for a vaccine to be developed. Because of his expertise as a former UN investigator, Gerry is tasked with helping Fassbach find the outbreak's source. Gerry reluctantly agrees to help, on given the word that his family will be safe, and is sent to Camp Humphreys, a military base in South Korea, where an email was received about 11 days prior that stated that the outbreak may have started there. Moments after arriving at the base, Gerry's team is attacked by zombies. The frightened and cowardly Fassbach is killed after accidentally shooting himself after slipping on the ramp of the C-130 plane. The gunshot alerts the zombies roaming the area, forcing Gerry and the crew to run. After being rescued by the base's surviving personnel, Gerry learns that the zombies are attracted to noise. The soldiers on the base, lead by Captain Speke, explain that a Korean soldier had been out in the field doing research when he was attacked and turned. His conversion took considerably more time than what had been witnessed more recently. The corpse of the infected man attacked the base doctor and both were incinerated. Speke tells Gerry how one of his men was able to stand in the middle of the infected people and not be attacked. When Gerry asks the soldier, who walks with a slight limp, how he injured his leg, the soldier tells him something's been bothering him lately. Gerry talks to a Ex-CIA agent, Haffner ( David Morse ), who'd been arrested for selling arms to North Korea. He tells Gerry a chilling account of how the North Korea government was able to contain the outbreak in their country by pulling the teeth of every citizen within a 24 hour period, giving its citizens no way to infect each other through bites. Haffner tells Gerry to go to Jerusalem, where the Israeli Mossad had established a safe zone just before the outbreak was officially acknowledged, implying Israel might have had prior knowledge of what was to come. To get the C-130 refueled and Gerry aboard, Speke's men ride in a fleet of bicycles to avoid making any noise. Gerry's satellite phone goes off when Karin tries to call him and the undead attack. The plane is refueled successfully and Gerry and the C-130 pilot manage to escape. In Jerusalem, Gerry meets Mossad leader Jurgen Warmbrunn ( Ludi Boeken ), who explains that the Mossad had months earlier intercepted communications from an Army General in India, who stated that Indian troops were fighting the "rakshasa", or "dead spirits". Warmbrunn also explains how the center of Jerusalem was walled in -- the wall is formidable, at least 50 feet high and refugees are being brought in to the quarantine zone, including non-Jews and Muslims. While Gerry talks with Jurgen, a group of Muslim refugees begin to sing joyously at finding a safe zone to survive in. One of the women is able to find a microphone and the singing grows louder. Attracted to the singing, the zombies outside begin to climb the protective wall forming a massive pile that eventually succeeds in entering the city. While fleeing, Gerry notices that an old man and an emaciated boy are ignored by the zombies. A young Israeli woman soldier, Segen ( Daniella Kertesz ), Gerry's escort, is bitten by a zombie. Gerry quickly amputates her hand to stop the spread of the infection, counting to 12 until he's sure that she won't turn. Gerry and Segen eventually make it to the airport and manage to board a Belarus Airways airliner after Gerry's pilot panics and flies away. Contacting Thierry, Gerry asks for the nearest WHO or CDC type lab, they are diverted to a WHO research facility in Cardiff, Wales. While in the air, a stowaway zombie is released from the cargo hold and attacks a flight attendant. She attacks the rest of the passengers. The plane crashes near Cardiff after Gerry detonates a grenade to kill the zombies. Segen and Gerry proceed as the only apparent survivors of the crash, Gerry has been impaled by a chunk of metal. Segen finds him and they walk to Cardiff and find the WHO facility. Out of contact, the US Navy assumes he is dead and deports his family to Nova Scotia. After arriving at the facility, Gerry passes out at the gate and awakes three days later strapped to a gurney -- his wound has been treated and bandaged. He is able to convince the staff of the facility that he's there on a specific mission -- the men watching him call his wife's satellite phone. Thierry answers the phone and tells Gerry that his family were considered "non-essential" personnel and were relocated to a land-based facility. Gerry is upset but Thierry is able to verify Gerry's identity to the suspicious WHO staff. Gerry reveals a theory to the wary scientists that since the old man and the sickly boy in Jerusalem were ignored (as well as a homeless wino Gerry briefly witnessed in Newark that the zombies bypassed, and the story the soldier with a limp told about the zombies ignoring him), the infected do not bite people who are seriously injured or already terminally ill, since they would be unsuitable as hosts for viral reproduction. He volunteers to inject himself with a terminal but curable pathogen to see if his idea works. However, the wing of the building in which the pathogens are stored was overrun by zombies after a doctor accidentally infected himself. Gerry decides to retrieve a pathogen regardless, while Segen and one of the WHO doctors follow him for backup. They fight their way through the zombies, and Gerry finally gets to the pathogen vault. Inside, Gerry fills a small box with vials of pathogens from two separate cabinets. The scientists watch him on camera, remarking that the left cabinet contains deadly and incurable diseases. Gerry gets ready to leave and sees one of the undead doctors outside. Cornered and without a suitable weapon, he decides to inject himself to see if his theory will work. He shows the scientists a note saying "TELL MY FAMILY I LOVE THEM" and chooses a vial at random from the box. Gerry waits a short time and opens the door to the vault. The former doctor ignores him and Gerry is able to walk out, past the horde of zombies that have infested the facility. After he makes it back to the safe part of the facility, everyone rejoices at his theory's success, and the doctors cure him of the pathogen. Gerry returns to his family, in a safe zone in Freeport, Nova Scotia. A "vaccine" derived from deadly pathogens is developed that can act as camouflage for the troops battling the infected. Air drops are performed, delivering the pathogen to all parts of the world. Human offensives begin against the zombies, and hope is restored. Russia is particularly successful in halting the pandemic with military and civilian force. Gerry comments, "This isn't the end. Not even close." 
 Babylon A.D. (2008)321) Veteran-turned-mercenary Toorop takes the high-risk job of escorting a woman from Russia to America. Little does he know that she is host to an organism that a cult wants to harvest in order to produce a genetically modified Messiah. In a near future, the mercenary Toorop is hired by the powerful criminal Gorsky to take a woman named Aurora from a Noelite Convent in Central Asia to New York. In return, he will receive a large amount of money and a clear passport. Toorop joins Aurora and her guardian Sister Rebeka as they cross the dangerous Russian landscape chased by mercenaries that also want Aurora. On their journey, Toorop discovers that Aurora has special abilities and once in New York, they see on the news that the Noelite Convent has just been bombed. When Aurora discloses that she is a virgin and pregnant with twins, Toorop realizes that there is something sinister behind his mission and that he and Sister Rebeka are not part of Gorsky's plans. MissTrious, UK Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A few decades in the future, a mercenary named Toorop (Vin Diesel) accepts a contract from a Russian mobster, Gorsky, who instructs him to take a young woman only known as Aurora (Mlanie Thierry) to New York. In order to reach his goal, Gorsky gave Toorop a variety of weapons as well as a UN passport that has to be injected under the skin of the neck. Toorop, along with the girl and her guardian nun Sister Rebeka (Michelle Yeoh), travel from the Noelite Convent in Mongolia where they lived across Russia to reach America. The towns and cities of Russia have been turned into dangerous, over populated slums by war and terrorist activity, forcing Toorop, Aurora, and Rebeka to face dangers of the human element, all the while fleeing from an unknown group of mercenaries claiming to have been sent by Aurora's supposedly dead father. The stress of humanity's situation causes Aurora to act in strange ways that neither Toorop, nor Rebeka can explain. On one such occasion, Aurora seemed, for no reason, to panic and run from a crowded train station, just before it was bombed. Later, they were forced to board a submarine that carried refugees to Canada. There were too many refugees to take at once, so the submarine was forced to leave some behind, even if it came to shooting them. Aurora, infuriated by the loss of life, suddenly knew how to operate the thirty year old submarine, without having ever learned about it. However, her attempt to save those left behind was unsuccessful. On the submarine journey, whilst Aurora sleeps, Sister Rebeka explains that Aurora could speak nineteen different languages by the age of two, and always seemed to know things she had never learned. Then, three months before leaving with Toorop, she had begun acting in ways she never had before. This occurred after a visit by a Noelite doctor who had administered a pill to Aurora. The doctor told her to go to America, and arranged for Toorop to take them. Once in New York, a news broadcast about the bombing of the Convent that Aurora and Rebeka hail from, caused the group to realize that there was more going on then they knew. Gorsky, working for the Noelites, had planted a tracking device in Toorop's passport, and then bombed the convent when he knew they were in America. The doctor who earlier saw Aurora in the convent then appears to examine her again. When he leaves, Aurora reveals (again without being told) that she is pregnant with twins, even though she was a virgin. Looking outside, Toorop sees both Gorsky's men and the Noelite group, heavily armed and waiting for them, all there to guarantee her delivery to the High Priestess. The High Priestess calls Toorop and asks him to bring Aurora outside. As they prepare to take her, Toorop changes his mind and attacks both groups with the goal of getting the two women to safety. However, because of the tracking devices, Gorsky's men can lock onto him with tracking rockets. Rebeka is shot and killed defending Aurora. A missile is launched at Toorop, homing in on the passport embedded in his neck. Aurora shoots Toorop saying the words "I need you to live." As he falls, the rocket strikes, apparently killing them both. Dr. Arthur Darquandier revives Toorop after he has been dead for two hours using advanced medical techniques, replacing parts of his right arm and his entire left leg with cybernetics. Darquandier explains that when Aurora was a fetus, he was asked by the Neolites to genetically enhance her by using a super computer to 'implant' superior intelligence in her brain. It is also implied that the Noelite group had him create Aurora to become pregnant at a certain time in order to use her as a 'virgin birth' to help legitimize their religion. After she was born, the Noelites had him assassinated, or so they thought. He remained 'dead' until he found his daughter in Russia with Toorop. Doctor Darquandier helps Toorop access his final memories before death, where he hears Aurora instruct him to "Go Home". Doctor Darquandier instructs Toorop and to take some of his men to find Aurora before the Noelites do. Toorop told Aurora the address of a property that his family owned north of New York and heads there. The High Priestess of the Noelites visits Darquandier, her ex-husband, to ask where Aurora is. When he refuses to tell she kills him, and dispatches her soldiers to find her. The Noelites troops track Toorop down just after they find Aurora. The Neolites chase and shoot at Aurora and her protectors. Only Toorop, Aurora and a driver survive. Toorop takes Aurora to a safe place where she gives birth to the twins, and just before she dies during childbirth, she tells Toorop that he is the father of her children. Toorop raises the two children, who are of two different races. 
 Pokmon Detective Pikachu (2019)651) In a world where people collect Pokmon to do battle, a boy comes across an intelligent talking Pikachu who seeks to be a detective. The story begins when ace detective Harry Goodman goes mysteriously missing, prompting his 21-year-old son Tim to find out what happened. Aiding in the investigation is Harry's former Pokmon partner, Detective Pikachu: a hilariously wise-cracking, adorable super-sleuth who is a puzzlement even to himself. Finding that they are uniquely equipped to communicate with one another, Tim and Pikachu join forces on a thrilling adventure to unravel the tangled mystery. Chasing clues together through the neon-lit streets of Ryme City--a sprawling, modern metropolis where humans and Pokmon live side by side in a hyper-realistic live-action world--they encounter a diverse cast of Pokmon characters and uncover a shocking plot that could destroy this peaceful co-existence and threaten the whole Pokmon universe. The Pokmon World is an amazing place filled with hundreds of unique creatures - Pokmon. In Ryme City, Kanto, one of the few English speaking Pokmon in the world, Detective Pikachu, teams up with the son of a missing detective (Tim) to find Tim's dad. BeninjaXYZ In a world where people and pokemon live in harmony. But what happens to the people who cannot become pokemon trainers? Meet Tim Goodman who has a normal life without pokemon. He seeks to find his missing father and unravel the mystery behind the adorable and snarky Pikachu which Tim can understand but others cannot. who seems to be a detective! Join Tim and Pikachu as they try to solve this tricky case and discover what really is going on! reecetackley Tim lives in Ryme city where humans and Pokmon live together. Tim and his friend catches Pokmon to battle with other Pokmon trainers. Tim's father Harry died in a car accident. Tim meets 'Pikachu' a talking Pokmon who wants to become a detective. Tim joins with Pikachu and meets Howard who was Harry partner to study Harry's car accident mystery. Howard reveals that Mewtwo was responsible for Harry's car accident. But at the scene of the car crash and finds out that it was the Greninja (A water type Pokemon), not Mewtwo, who was responsible. Tim finds out that Howard was the true mastermind who took control of Mewtwo's body using a mind helmet. Howard while controlling Mewtwo's body release R gas in air to convert humans into Pokmon. Pikachu battles with Mewtwo with his electrical powers. Tim manages to remove Howard's helmet freeing Mewtwo from mind control. Mewtwo restores the city control and converted Pokmon's back to humans. Mewtwo reveals that Harry was trying to save Mewtwo from Howard's control but was attacked by Greninja resulting in Harry's car accident. So in order to save Harry, Mewtwo has to fuse Harry's body with Pikachu. Mewtwo separates Harry's and Pikachu's body and reunite Tim with his father. Tim becomes a detective and stays back in Ryme City with his father and Pikachu. Aryan Aware Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the Pokmon universe, Tim Goodman is a 21-year-old insurance adjuster who gave up his dream of being a Pokmon trainer following the death of his mother and his estrangement from his father Harry, a police detective. Tim is contacted by the police of Ryme City, a city where humans and Pokmon live together in harmony and Pokmon battles are illegal. He is informed by Harry's friend, Detective Hideo Yoshida, that Harry was killed in a car accident. Tim goes to Harry's apartment to sort things out and meets Harry's police partner, a deerstalker-clad amnesiac talking Pikachu whom only Tim can understand; all others simply hear him say "Pika-Pika." Tim accidentally releases a mysterious purple gas, "R," from a vial he finds in Harry's office; they are then attacked by a party of Aipom[d] who became rabid under the gas's influence. The pair escape and Pikachu explains that after losing his memory following the crash, he believes that Harry also survived the crash as the police never found his body. They meet an informant of Harry's, a Mr. Mime who directs them to an underground illegal Pokmon battle arena. The arena's owner, Sebastian, recognizes Pikachu as the Pokmon who injured his Charizard in a previous battle and demands a rematch. He doses Charizard with "R", stirring it into a violent rage and Pikachu is unable to summon his electrical powers to fight back. While attempting to save Pikachu, Tim knocks Sebastian over and breaks several gas vials in his jacket, sending the arena's Pokmon into a frenzy. The arena is raided by police and Tim is brought to Yoshida, who reveals footage of Harry's crash, explaining that it is impossible for Harry to have survived. Tim and Pikachu are contacted by Howard Clifford, the wheelchair-using founder of Clifford Industries, who created Ryme City as a utopia for Pokmon and humans. Howard reveals that he was Harry's last client and that Harry was abducted by a genetically engineered Pokmon called Mewtwo, who erased Pikachu's memory. He warns Tim that his son Roger is behind the creation of "R" which he requested Harry to look into. Tim and Pikachu recruit aspiring journalist Lucy Stevens and her Psyduck and travel to the abandoned genetics lab Harry was investigating. The lab's personnel had been experimenting on Mewtwo and synthesized "R" from his genes. They are attacked by genetically enhanced Greninja and Pikachu is gravely injured. Tim begs a Bulbasaur to help Pikachu and it leads them to Mewtwo, who heals Pikachu before being captured by Roger. Pikachu remembers that he helped Mewtwo escape from the lab and believes he was responsible for betraying Harry. Not trusting himself, he leaves Tim. Pikachu comes across the crash site and finds evidence that it was the Greninja, not Mewtwo, who were responsible for the crash. In Ryme City during its Anniversary Parade, Howard reveals the captured Mewtwo to Tim, exposing himself as the true mastermind by taking control of Mewtwo's body using a neural-link helmet that places his mind inside Mewtwo while his human body remains in the wheelchair. He explains that Mewtwo can fuse humans and Pokmon, allowing humans to evolve as Pokmon can and become one with them, but this can only be done if the Pokmon is in a confused state, thus the need for "R". Believing this is the future of humankind, Howard releases "R" across the city using parade balloons and begins fusing humans with their Pokmon. Pikachu summons his electrical powers to battle Mewtwo while Tim fights Howard's genetically modified Ditto, who had been impersonating Roger; the real Roger had been tied up and gagged by his father. Tim manages to remove Howard's helmet from his body, freeing Mewtwo from his control. Mewtwo restores the city inhabitants to normal, Howard is arrested, and Roger hires Lucy as a full-time reporter, vowing to fix his father's mistakes. Mewtwo explains that Harry tried to save him from Howard and helped him escape, but was attacked by the Greninja. Pikachu had volunteered to have himself fused with Harry to save his life, the experience erasing both their memories. Mewtwo separates the two and Harry reunites with Tim in his human body. Tim decides to stay in Ryme City to become a detective and spend more time with his father and Pikachu. 
 F9: The Fast Saga (2021)211) Dom and the crew must take on an international terrorist who turns out to be Dom and Mia's estranged brother. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1989, Jack Toretto (JD Pardo) participates in the last car race of the season, with his sons Dominic (Vinnie Bennett) and Jakob (Finn Cole) in his pit crew. While Jakob works, Dom argues with rival racer Kenny Linder (Jim Parrack) about his dirty tactics. As Jack and Kenny resume the race, Kenny's car clips Jack's bumper and causes him to hit a wall and explode, killing him. Dom runs onto the track but is held by Buddy (Michael Rooker), another member of Jack's crew. Dom and Jakob mourn their father's death. In the present, Dom (Vin Diesel) is retired and off the grid, raising his son Brian with his wife, Letty (Michelle Rodriguez). Roman (Tyrese Gibson), Tej (Ludacris) and Ramsey (Nathalie Emmanuel) arrive with news of Mr. Nobody (Kurt Russell) apprehending Cipher (Charlize Theron), but his plane being attacked and her being extracted by rogue agents. The plane crashed in Montecinto, Central America, and the team asks for his help in investigating the crash site. Dom declines, but Letty agrees. Dom replays the distress signal and realizes Jakob (John Cena) is behind the hijacking. Searching the plane, they find part of a device named Aries, which can hack into any computer weapons system. The team is attacked by a private army and Jakob, who steals the device and escapes. The team rendezvous with Stasiak (Shea Whigham) en route to their safe house. Back in 1989, after the crash, Kenny Linder pays his respects to Jack. After an altercation with Jakob, he insults and punches Dom, who nearly beats him to death. Dom gets arrested as Jakob watches. In the present, Jakob meets with Otto (Thue Ersted Rasmussen), his associate. Cipher is held at their base and tries to sway Jakob into working for her, but he declines. She tells him the other half of Aries is in Edinburgh, United Kingdom. Dom and the team are joined by Mia Toretto (Jordana Brewster), who wishes to help, as Jakob is her brother too. Dom is reluctant to put Mia at risk, but she and Letty reassure Dom that their children are safe with Brian. The team debriefs, and they find out that Han (Sung Kang) has been working with Mr. Nobody. The team splits up, with Dom going to LA to meet Buddy. In 1991, while Dom serves his sentence, he recalls that Jakob was working on Jack's car the day he died, and realizes that Jakob is responsible for his death. When Dom is released, he goes to the LA street racing scene, where Jakob has been winning every race. Dom confronts and challenges him, in an arrangement that culminates in Jakob leaving town, with only Mia keeping contact with him. Dom meets with Buddy, who took Jakob in after Jack's death. Buddy chastizes Dom for taking away Jakob's family, and tells him to make peace with the past, informing him that Jakob is in London. Dom departs. Letty and Mia arrive in Tokyo to search for Han, while Roman and Tej arrive in Germany to recruit Sean (Lucas Black), Twinkie (Bow Wow) and Earl Hu (Jason Tobin), who have been working on a rocket car. Dom arrives in London and meets Queenie Shaw (Helen Mirren), who gives him Jakob's location. Dom confronts Otto, and then Jakob, who tells Dom to leave. Otto has Dom apprehended by Interpol agents. Leysa (Cardi B), an old friend of Dom, helps him escape and gives him Jakob's gun, so he can track him with his biometric imprints. In Tokyo, Letty and Mia encounter Elle (Anna Sawai) and Han. Tej, Roman and Ramsey meet up with Dom in Edinburgh, where Jakob is using an electromagnetic field to disrupt security systems in order to steal the second Aries device. Tej and Roman are compromised when they find the magnetic device and fight their way out, with Ramsey commandeering the truck the magnet is attached to while chasing to Otto. Meanwhile, Dom notices Jakob zip-lining between buildings and intercepts him. The two fight throughout the city, while Otto prepares for an extraction, until Ramsey runs his car off the road. Jakob tries to escape by stealing a car, but Dom uses the magnet in the truck to apprehend him. Otto returns to his base and recruits Cipher. At the Toretto safe house, Jakob is held in a cell. Han reveals that Giselle was a former CIA operative working with Mr. Nobody. Han, grieving over Giselle's death, was assigned by Mr. Nobody to protect Elle and Aries, as Elle's DNA is its final component. When Mr. Nobody informed Han that one of his agents went rogue, the two used Deckard Shaw to fake Han's death, for him to protect Elle. Otto attacks the safe house and frees Jakob, who had been Mr. Nobody's rogue agent. Jakob also reveals that in 1989, Jack had been in massive debt and was planning to fake his death in the race to give his family a better life. He had Jakob tamper with his car, but the plan went awry, causing the car to explode. Jakob and Otto kidnap Elle and take the second Aries device. Otto has a satellite launch into orbit, while Jakob has Elle activate the Aries device. They plan to wait for Aries to be uploaded to the satellite, while moving throughout Tbilisi in an armored truck. Dom, Letty, Mia, Ramsey and Han give chase to rescue Elle and stop the upload. As Mia and Han try to breach the truck, Jakob is betrayed by Otto, and is thrown off the truck. Dom and Mia save him, and Jakob uses Mia's car to escape, but returns to help Dom and Ramsey gain access to the truck. Meanwhile, Tej and Roman enter orbit and destroy the satellite before Aries can be uploaded. Cipher uses a remotely controlled jet to bomb the truck, attempting to kill Dom, but fails, killing Otto instead, as Dom escapes. The truck ricochets into Ciphers plane, destroying it. Cipher escapes. Jakob arrives in Dom's car and gives him his keys back. Dom tells him that there will be a lot of people after him, and hands him back the keys. He reconciles with Jakob, forgiving him for his role in their father's death. Mia tells Jakob she lost him once and she's not going to lose him again. Jakob takes Dom's car and escapes. Another spaceship spots Tej and Roman and brings them back to Earth. The team celebrates another successful mission with a family barbecue. While preparing to say grace, Brian's car arrives in the driveway. 