nm0004423:

 Brokeback Mountain (2005)651) Ennis and Jack are two shepherds who develop a sexual and emotional relationship. Their relationship becomes complicated when both of them get married to their respective girlfriends. Their acquaintance began on the warm summer of 1963, when cowboys, Ennis Del Mar and Jack Twist, ended up on the sheep farm of Joe Aguirre in Brokeback Mountain, Wyoming while looking for work. Under unexpected circumstances, little by little, the two men developed an intimate relationship that turned into a profound but secret bond, right under the nose of their families. However, love, and its many faces, is eternal. Who can stop love, life's ultimate truth? Nick Riganas In 1963, two young men hire on as ranch hands in the Wyoming mountains. During the long months of isolation, an unusual bond starts to develop between them, one which they are only vaguely aware of -- until one night when it rises to the surface in a passionate encounter. When the season ends, they part ways, only to realize the true depth of their feelings. Thus begins a decades-long affair that the two of them desperately try to hide from those around them -- one which will prove simultaneously beautiful and devastating. LOTUS73 In the Summer of 1963 Wyoming, two young men, Ennis a ranch hand and Jack an aspiring rodeo bull rider, are sent to work together herding sheep on Brokeback Mountain, and what had otherwise been anticipated to be a rather uneventful venture, will soon turn into an affair of love, of lust, and complications that will spand through 19 years of their lives. Through marriage, through children, and through the mighty grip of societal confines and the expectations of what it is to be a man. JamaicaSugar Set against the sweeping vistas of Alberta's Rocky Mountains, this film tells the story of two young men - a ranch-hand and a rodeo cowboy - who meet in the summer of 1963 and unexpectedly forge a lifelong connection, one whose complications, joys and tragedies provide a testament to the endurance and power of love. focus features Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the summer of 1963, two young men meet when they find work sheep-herding for the summer on Brokeback Mountain, a fictional, picturesque setting in Wyoming. Ennis Del Mar ( Heath Ledger ) is 19, engaged to be married in the fall, and aspires to someday run his own ranch, following in the footsteps of his parents, who died in a car crash and left young Ennis and his brother and sister alone to fend for themselves. Jack Twist ( Jake Gyllenhaal ) is about the same age and dreams of becoming the greatest rodeo cowboy alive. Both feel essentially alone in the world. While sharing a sheephand's backbreaking work load, facing the toil and troubles of the weather, shortages of food, and wild animal attacks, their working friendship eventually develops into something more. Breaking their employer's rule that one man must sleep with the sheep and one at the camp, one night after an evening of boozing and shooting the bull, they end up sharing the tent to avoid freezing. The bitter cold leads to their sleeping spooned, Jack initiates touching, and Ennis eventually responds. Over the next several days, the two increasingly give in to their attraction to one another. When the summer ends, the two men separate and continue with their lives. Ennis marries Alma ( Michelle Williams ), who soon gets pregnant and gives birth to two daughters, Alma Jr. and Jenny. Jack, by contrast, is still drawn to other men, and remains unmarried until he meets and, after a drunken one-night stand, has a son with feisty cowgirl Lureen Newsome ( Anne Hathaway ), whose father owns a profitable business selling farming machinery in Texas and openly looks down on Jack. Searching for acceptance, approval, and unconditional love, Jack writes to Ennis in 1967, when they arrange to meet again. When Jack arrives in Wyoming, both men passionately kiss. Ennis makes a weak attempt to be discreet, but the kiss is seen by Alma, who becomes sickened by it. From this point on Ennis and Jack's relationship rebuilds and develops even more deeply. Alma becomes increasingly suspicious about the men's frequent "fishing trips" up to Brokeback Mountain, and eventually Alma and Ennis divorce in November 1975, with Alma getting custody of their daughters. As soon as he hears the divorce is final, Jack shows up in Wyoming hoping to now be able to live a life ranching with Ennis, who is torn, as he too longs for the idyllic life Jack describes, but he explains that if they dare to live together, they will be killed by the locals for being "queer." This leads to an arrangement whereby Jack drives from Texas to Wyoming to meet with Ennis three or four times a year, each meeting leading to another emotional departure. By 1978, Ennis is desperately struggling to make ends meet and pay child support, and becomes briefly involved with a waitress, Cassie Cartwright (Linda Cardellini). As a result, Ennis meets less frequently with Jack, who visits Mexico looking to satisfy his physical needs in seedy underground gay bars and clubs. When Jack taunts Ennis with this information in an effort to make him jealous, he ends his rant by saying "I wish I could quit you!" In 1980, Ennis gets a postcard he sent Jack returned with "Deceased" marked across it. When Ennis contacts Lureen, she tells him Jack was accidentally killed by a tire iron while changing a flat. All the while, Ennis envisions Jack being beaten to death by a homophobic mob for being "queer," just as Ennis had described happened to a neighbor he knew as a child. Lureen also tells Ennis that Jack wanted his ashes spread at his favourite place, Brokeback Mountain. Ennis goes to visit Jack's childhood home, where Jack's father (Peter McRobbie) insists that Jack's ashes will be placed in the family burial plot. At Jack's mother's (Roberta Maxwell) invitation, Ennis visits Jack's bedroom, where he find two shirts, his and one of Jack's, worn by the two young men in the summer of 1963, and smeared with their blood from a fight. The shirts hang together on the same hanger, tenderly folded into one another, Jack's denim shirt with Ennis's dress shirt inside. Ennis takes the shirts with him when he leaves. Ennis moves out of town into a low, bare, and scantily furnished trailer, alone; he now has nothing and no one. Jumping forward to 1983, a visit from his 19-year-old eldest daughter Alma Jr. (Kate Mara) brings happy news and a sense of hope, as she is engaged. Ennis wants only to know if her boyfriend "really" loves her. She says he does, invites Ennis to the wedding, and leaves. Ennis sits, beaten down by years of hard work and alcohol, weathered, aged, and heartbroken. With him... his and Jack's shirts, still entwined, now reversed, Ennis' shirt over Jack's, and a postcard with a picture of Brokeback Mountain. 
 Lee Daniels' The Butler (I) (2013)541) As Cecil Gaines serves eight presidents during his tenure as a butler at the White House, the civil rights movement, Vietnam, and other major events affect this man's life, family, and American society. Cecil Gaines was a sharecropper's son who grew up in the 1920s as a domestic servant for the white family who casually destroyed his. Eventually striking out on his own, Cecil becomes a hotel valet of such efficiency and discreteness in the 1950s that he becomes a butler in the White House itself. There, Cecil would serve numerous US Presidents over the decades as a passive witness of history with the American Civil Rights Movement gaining momentum even as his family has troubles of its own. As his wife, Gloria, struggles with her addictions and his defiant eldest son, Louis, strives for a just world, Cecil must decide whether he should take action in his own way. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Cecil Gaines, a black man married to Gloria Gaines, is determined that neither of his two sons, Louis and Charlie, will ever have to know what it's like to be the offspring of a cotton picker like he is, he having witnessed slave-like abuses afflicted on both his parents by their white land owner employers when he was a child. Despite the less than happy circumstances which led him and to which he had to endure on this path, Cecil, as an adult, has worked in commercial wait situations to the white man, largely in upscale establishments, he learning that he has to be two faced in his approach to work, often supporting racist statements made or untruthfully answering racially charged questions by employers or customers while being accommodating but somewhat invisible as a human being. In 1957, he is offered - much to his shock - and accepts a position as an under butler at the White House among the black domestic staff, after a White House administration staffer sees and is impressed with his demeanor and work at the Excelsior Hotel in Washington DC. This appointment begins an approximate thirty year employment at the White House, one that is not always smooth for Cecil either on a professional or personal level. On the professional side, the White House is sometimes just a microcosm of what is happening in the world, his employment setting where he has to be even more careful in what he says or does. On a personal level, he is often at odds with his family. Louis decides to head to the front lines of civil rights activism, often placing himself either in personal danger or in situations still considered criminal. And Gloria may not see Cecil's time at the White House as worth the neglect it causes for their home life. Huggo In 2009, an elderly Cecil Gaines recounts his life story while waiting at the White House to meet the newly inaugurated president. In 1926, at the age of seven, Gaines is raised on a cotton plantation in Macon, Georgia. When the farm's owner rapes Cecil's mother, Cecil's father confronts him and is killed. Cecil is taken in by the estate's caretaker, who trains Cecil as a house servant. In 1937, at age eighteen, Cecil leaves the plantation. Desperately hungry, he breaks into a hotel pastry shop. The elderly master servant, Maynard, takes pity on Cecil and gives him a job. Cecil learns advanced serving and interpersonal skills from Maynard, who later recommends Cecil for a position in a Washington, D.C. hotel. While working there, Cecil meets and marries Gloria, and the couple has two sons: Louis and Charlie. In 1957, Cecil is hired by the White House during Dwight D. Eisenhower's administration. White House martyr d'hotel Freddie Fallows introduces Cecil to head butler Carter Wilson and co-worker James Holloway. Cecil witnesses Eisenhower's reluctance to use troops to enforce school desegregation, then his resolve to uphold the law by racially integrating Little Rock Central High School in Arkansas.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This film tells the story of Cecil Gaines ( Forest Whitaker ), a White House butler who served eight American presidents over three decades. The film traces the dramatic changes that swept American society during this time, from the civil rights movement to Vietnam and beyond, and how those changes affected this man's life and family. 
 Escape at Dannemora (2018)Summaries A female prison employee in upstate New York becomes romantically involved with a pair of inmates and helps them escape. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gangs of New York (2002)651) In 1862, Amsterdam Vallon returns to the Five Points area of New York City seeking revenge against Bill the Butcher, his father's killer. In the god-forsaken district of early-1860s Lower Manhattan known as the Five Points, the vicious Nativist, Bill "The Butcher" Cutting, is the supreme overlord of an area riddled with crime, prostitution, theft and murder, as the American Civil War still rages on. Sixteen whole years after the brutal murder of his father from Bill's blood-stained hands, an orphaned Irish-American, Amsterdam Vallon, returns to this melting pot of corruption to avenge his untimely death; however, a lot has changed since then. Who can remember the once-innocent boy and now a young man bent on revenge, who works his way up to the hierarchy of Five Points? Will Amsterdam ever taste the dangerous but sweet fruit of retribution? Nick Riganas As waves of immigrants swell the population of 1860s New York, lawlessness and corruption thrive in Manhattan's Five Points section. After years of incarceration, young Irish immigrant Amsterdam Vallon returns, seeking revenge against the rival gang leader who killed his father, William Cutting aka 'Bill the Butcher' . Having seen his father killed in a major gang fight in New York, young Amsterdam Vallon is spirited away for his own safety. Some years later, he returns to the scene of his father's death, the notorious Five Points district in New York. It's 1863 and lower Manhattan is run by gangs, the most powerful of which is the Natives, headed by Bill "The Butcher" Cutting. He believes that America should belong to native-born Americans and opposes the waves of immigrants, mostly Irish, entering the city. It's also the time of the Civil War and forced conscription leads to the worst riots in US history. Amid the violence and corruption, young Vallon tries to establish himself in the area and also seek revenge over his father's death. garykmcd When his father is killed in New York City, Amsterdam Vallon returns in 1863 to hunt down his father's killer, the ruthless, Bill 'The Butcher' Cutting. It's not easy for Amsterdam as gangs roam a corrupt New York City, with Bill Cutting ruling over everyone. FilmFanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Priest Vallon (Liam Neeson) shaving dry with an old, rusted straight razor. He deliberately slashes his cheek and then hands the blade to his son Amsterdam, who is about to wipe off the blood. Vallon tells him to leave it there, and his son puts away the blade in a black pouch with a sliver cross clasp. Vallon then says a prayer to St. Michael, puts a medallion over Amsterdam's head, making sure his son knows who St Michael is. Vallon grabs a steel cross, and marches out of his cave with Amsterdam. They walk past people making and finishing weapons, including a woman with clawed gloves named Hellcat Maggie. Vallon, his son, and the rest take communion as they continue exiting the caves. They finally reach the top level of an old brewery. They stop and Vallon asks a man named Monk if he will join them. Monk says he'll fight for pay. Vallon promises him ten dollars for every "new notch" on his club, so Monk agrees, picks up his wooden club, and kicks open the door, revealing a snow-covered intersection known as Paradise Square, the Five Points of Lower Manhattan. Vallon and his crew, the Dead Rabbits, leave the brewery and make their way onto the street. Amsterdam runs to join children on the steps of a nearby building, while the Dead Rabbits await the arrival of the Natives. A few moments later, men dressed in blue, The Natives, led by Bill the Butcher (Daniel Day-Lewis), a ruthless New Yorker with a glass eye, walk onto the street, clearly outnumbering the Rabbits. Bill says that the ensuing fight will decide who holds the rule of the Five Points; Bill's mob who are Protestant or Vallon's Catholics. Vallon recants that it's a free country, that he and his immigrant crowd have been harassed incessantly by Bill and his men. The Rabbits are then joined by several other gangs that have allied themselves with Vallon, greatly increasing their numbers. Moments later, they begin fighting: the battle is horrifically bloody with bludgeonings, stabbings, slashings and broken limbs. Hellcat Maggie bites a man's ear off and claims it as a trophy. Bill himself wades through the melee, alternately stabbing men with a knife and chopping at them with a large cleaver. Bill and Vallon slowly make their way toward each other, but as Vallon draws near Bill directs one of his men to attack Vallon. The diversion works, Vallon kills the man, but is stabbed by Bill. Vallon tries to fight back, but is stabbed again in the side. Vallon falls to the ground, and a horn is blown. Everyone ceases their combat and stand around the dying Vallon. Amsterdam pushes his way to his father's side. Bill makes a speech about how all the fighting is done and how he has slain Vallon. Vallon looks at his son, tells him to always stay focused and then asks Bill to finish him, which Bill obliges, leaving the knife on Vallon's chest. Bill says that Vallon may not be touched so that he may reach Heaven with honor. Monk tells him to wait, goes over to Vallon's body and presumably takes the money he's owed from his pocket, and then offers Amsterdam his condolences. As they haul Vallon away, Bill's men ask what they should do with the boy. He tells them to put him in a school so he can get a proper education. Amsterdam quickly grabs the knife from his father's chest, threatens Bill's men, and runs inside the brewery. As the men chase him, a boy, Amsterdam's friend Jimmy hits one of them in the shin, knocking the man from his feet. Amsterdam runs down to his cave, opens a secret compartment in the ground, and places the medallion and dagger inside. Bill's men grab him. Outside, Priest's body is placed on a cart and wheeled reverently out of the square. As we zoom out of the area, we see that the battle took place in Lower Manhattan and the year is 1846. Sixteen years later, Amsterdam (Leonardo DiCaprio) is being given a blessing and a Bible by a priest. He is still in New York but in an orphanage, Hellgate, on a nearby island. As he leaves, he looks at an Asian man, walks over a bridge, and casually tosses the Bible in the river. Amsterdam narrates that during the Civil War, New York was a "city full of tribes", rival gangs competing for control of the Five Points and beyond. Bill the Butcher is walking through a hallway of Tammany Hall to the office of Boss Tweed (Jim Broadbent), who is running for some sort of political office. Tweed is discussing how they can get more voters and social and municipal services for the poor in the city. Then it cuts to Amsterdam walking on the docks as more Irish are disembarking a ship. The immigrants are harassed openly by Bill's men, particularly an old woman who is hit in the face by something one of Bill's men throws and is yelling for her to get back on the boat. Amsterdam passes them by and is greeted by a man who welcomes him (mistaking him for an immigrant), offers him bread, and reminds him to vote for Tweed and Tammany. Amsterdam is also asked to draft in the army, but refuses. Other Irish are offered money, three meals a day, and luxuries for their families if they join right away and ship out immediately. They agree, register, change, and board a boat. Amsterdam makes his way to his cave and opens the compartment. He takes out the dagger and the medallion. He is interrupted by Johnny Sirocco (Henry Thomas) and Jimmy Spoils (Larry Gilliard Jr.) as he says a prayer. They demand his possessions, and when he refuses, Jimmy tries to attack him, but Amsterdam knocks him over and almost breaks his nose. Johnny pulls out a knife, which Amsterdam turns against him. Johnny notices the medallion. Amsterdam leaves the cave and goes out to the street. Johnny follows him and asks if he's Vallon's son. Amsterdam answers yes, and Johnny begins to update him on the Five Points. He tells him how Maggie tried to open a pub, but drank herself out of business; how Monk owns a barber shop; and how Bill celebrates Priest Vallon's death every year by drinking a glass of alcohol he's set fire to. Johnny is then bumped into by Jenny Everdeane (Cameron Diaz). He introduces her to Amsterdam. When she comments to them that they are terrible at conversation, Amsterdam recants that they are deep thinkers. She wishes them a good day and hopes the God shines on them and joins her friends. Johnny swears that Jenny likes him, but Amsterdam informs him that she stole his watch. Johnny searches his pockets, looks up, and tries to make it seem like it happens often. Later that night, a house is on fire. The sirens of Tweed's firemen can be heard closing in. A man covers a fire hydrant with a barrel and sits on it. Tweeds men come and he uses the incident to campaign on the street. Another group of firemen arrive, led by the Butcher, and the two groups start to fight. Johnny takes advantage, grabs Amsterdam, and enters the burning building in search of valuables. Amsterdam finds watches, while Johnny becomes mesmerized by a music box. A beam falls and traps him in. He calls for Amsterdam, who grabs more jewelry and heads out. He returns, jumps over the beam with a blanket, grabs Johnny, and helps him out of the house. Just as they are leaving, Bill's men come, the barrel is removed from the hydrant, and they begin to put out the fire. Johnny then takes Amsterdam to meet his friends Fuzzy, Jimmy, and some others. There they show everything they stole from the burning building until Happy Jack (John C. Reilly) arrives. He was one of the Dead Rabbits who's now a crooked police officer. He takes a few pieces in tribute to himself and leaves. The next day, Amsterdam and Johnny take the rest to a pub/brothel, where Bill plays cards. Johnny walks up to Bill to give him the money, but Amsterdam stays further back. He notices a drawing of his father on the wall. Bill asks Amsterdam what his name is. "Amsterdam", he replies. Bill then calls himself "New York", and tells Johnny how they can make more money. Later that night, Fuzzy, Jimmy, Amsterdam, and Johnny are rowing through the harbor until they reach a ship. When they board it, they find that it has already been robbed and the crew likely murdered. They continue to search for anything that might have been left until Amsterdam notices a man dressed in a Union uniform coming out with a rifle. He warns Jimmy and everyone else to hit the deck. A shot is fired, but only into the air because the man was dying. The man falls forward to reveal a knife in his back. Everyone is in the rowboat waiting when a body falls in it: it's the Union soldier, which Amsterdam had recovered. He trades the body for money. The headline in the newspaper reads something about a gang who sells bodies to science, calling them "ghouls". Bill applauds Amsterdam's quick thinking, but his right hand man, Mr. McGloin doesn't agree. They begin calling each other names and eventually begin fighting. Amsterdam is clearly winning when the fight is broken up. During the scuffle, the drawing of Priest Vallon falls to the ground. Bill picks it up, looks at it, and puts it back on the wall. He then takes Amsterdam and Johnny on a tour of the Five Points as Happy Jack is giving a rich family, the Schermerhorns, a tour. Monk also walks by greets Bill, and pushes up Amsterdam's hat to get a look at Amsterdam's face. Amsterdam comes across Jenny again and she bumps into him. He immediately begins checking his pockets, and realizes too late that she took his medallion. He follows her onto a street car. He sees her brilliantly steal a man's pocket watch, and then follows her to the home of a wealthy family where she poses as a maid and slyly robs them as well. When she's done, he yanks her aside and demands his medallion. She threatens him with a knife and cuts him on his neck slightly before he takes it from her. She then opens her blouse and shows him all the medallions she's got. He takes his, returns her dagger, and begins walking with her. Jenny and Johnny attend a public dance. Jenny is seated with her back to the men and is holding a mirror. She passes up three men, including Johnny, before choosing Amsterdam. They begin dancing, and later go to the docks where they are about to have sex. He wonders what she gave Bill in return for a locket she says is a gift from Mr Cutting. When he realizes, he gets up and leaves. Amsterdam then begins working for Bill. He is even shown by Bill how to hurt or kill people by stabbing them at specific points on a pig's carcass. Bill also makes Amsterdam, Fuzzy, Jimmy, and Johnny boxing bet collectors. When a boxing match is broken up by the police, Amsterdam finds a place outside the City where the police cannot break it up. Bill gives him all the glory, but his joy is interrupted when he sees Jenny leave with Johnny. At a theatre showing of Uncle Tom's Cabin, the audience begins booing the performance and throwing vegetables at the stage. An assassin uses the chaos to try to kill Bill. Amsterdam notices, warns Bill, and tackles the guy to the ground, but not before he gets a shot off that hits Bill in the shoulder. Amsterdam seizes the man's pistol and shoots him in the side. Bill then tortures the man, demanding to know who sent him, but the man dies before he can answer. Amsterdam then runs off and begins crying. Monk finds him, and tells him that his father died helping the Irish, not the Natives. Later that night, Bill, Amsterdam, Tweed, and others are drinking in the brothel. Jenny comes by and cleans Bill's wound then goes upstairs to her room. Amsterdam angrily follows her and grabs her. She tells him she'll bite him if he tries to kiss her. She lunges a few times, and they eventually kiss and sleep together. Johnny sees the two of them and runs off. Amsterdam awakes to find Bill watching him, sitting in a chair and draped in an tattered American flag. He asks Bill if it was okay that he and Jenny shacked up in his attic. Bill says he doesn't mind and begins begins talking about how Priest Vallon spared his life, and how Bill removed his own eye, the one that looked away in shame, and sent it to Vallon. He then describes the day he killed Vallon. Bill speaks of how he's gained his power in the Five Points through "the spectacle of fearsome acts" and how "civilization is crumbling." Amsterdam softly congratulates Bill on his victory. Bill then leaves. Amsterdam tells Jenny if she wants to know anything about him, she should ask. She explains how she was dejected as a prostitute, had an abortion and Bill took her in. She insists Bill never put his hands on her until she told him to. Later that night, Monk sees Amsterdam throwing a dagger into a wooden post behind Bill's hideout. It's as if Amsterdam were practicing for something. Johnny is then seen talking to Bill before a public performance. He tells Bill about Amsterdam being Vallon's son. Bill reacts violently, nearly killing Johnny, but he listens. Meanwhile, Amsterdam is seen walking into an Asian-themed restaurant. He tries to call Johnny as he walks to his table, but Johnny pays no mind. He sits, and Jenny comes to him. An announcer then comes and begs Bill to perform with his daggers in a piece called "The Butcher's Apprentice". He asks for Jenny to participate. She steps onto the stage and Bill begins throwing knives, his throws become increasingly dangerous until he is seriously scaring her -- one shot even cuts her neck. He then walks to his table, says some words about Vallon, and lifts up his drink of fire. Amsterdam then throws a dagger at Bill, who blocks the blow with a cleaver and counters with his own throw; his knife embeds itself in Amsterdam's midsection. Amsterdam is held down on a table as Bill announces that Amsterdam is the son of Priest Vallon and a coward for trying to kill him. Bill headbutts him several times. Bill then declares that Amsterdam will be branded and thrown into the street for everyone to gawk at. He uses a hot knife to burn Amsterdam's cheek while Jenny screams. Jenny then takes Amsterdam away to a cave where she nurses him back to health. She talks of them leaving and going to San Francisco. Monk visits them and gives Amsterdam Priest's straight razor. About three months later, after he's recovered, he hangs a dead rabbit in Paradise Square. The rabbit finds its way to Bill, who sends Happy Jack to kill Amsterdam, but Amsterdam kills Jack instead and finds sanctuary in the church. Amsterdam hangs Jack's body in Paradise Square where Bill laments the the loss of an easily corruptible cop. Jimmy tells Bill where to find Amsterdam, however, since Amsterdam is hiding in the church, Bill is reluctant to go there and confront him. However, Bill, sensing that Jimmy might betray anyone as easily as he betrayed Amsterdam, has Jimmy impaled on the spiked fence in Paradise Square and left for Amsterdam to find him. When Jenny and Amsterdam find Jimmy, Jenny gives Amsterdam her pistol to mercifully kill his friend. Amsterdam and his men, now dressed in the red of the Dead Rabbits, are gathering strength, even to the point where Tweed asks for their help in getting votes. He makes a deal with them to allow them to have an Irish sheriff and he will get all Irish votes. They choose Monk, who wins a rigged and crooked election. Bill challenges Monk outside his barber shop. When Monk suggests they go inside and talk like men, Bill throws a cleaver into Monk's back. He then takes Monk's club (which has 44 carvings on it to mark how many people Monk has killed), carves a new notch into it, and clubs Monk with it, finishing him off. At Monk's funeral, Amsterdam quietly challenges Bill to a gang brawl. They later meet and discuss the terms: primitive weapons are permitted, but guns will not be. The day arrives and Amsterdam cuts himself on the cheek as his father had done with the rusted razor. He looks at Jenny, who tells him that she's leaving for San Francisco today with or without him. He tells her it will be over tomorrow, but she leaves. A conscription act for the Union Army is enforced; anyone who can pay $300 will not be forced to join the army and fight the Confederacy in the Southern states. A series of riots break out, and crowds start pillaging the streets, burning homes, letting the animals at PT Barnum's House of Wonders loose and cutting the telegraph lines so the police and authorities cannot communicate to stop the rioters. Jenny and Jimmy are even attacked in the process. In Paradise Square, the Dead Rabbits and Bill's Federation of American Natives meet. They are just about to begin brawling when the Navy fires their cannons into the Square killing many members of both gangs. The Army also moves in and fires upon the survivors. In the confusion, McGloin is killed. Only Amsterdam and Bill are left to fight. Bill uses the thick smoke from the cannon shots to rush Amsterdam and slash him twice. Another cannon shot knocks Bill and Amsterdam to the ground. Bill pulls a piece of shrapnel from his midsection and says he'll die "a true American." Amsterdam takes this opportunity and stabs and kills Bill. Jenny finds him and, that night, they mourn all the friends they lost in the draft riots. Amsterdam mentions that the riots continued for another three nights. Tweed is only upset because he lost so many votes. Bill is buried next to Priest Vallon in a Brooklyn cemetery that looks out on the Manhattan skyline. Amsterdam is there with Jenny and he buries his father's straight razor on top of Priest's grave. Amsterdam remarks in voiceover that a city like New York will continue to grow and he and his friends and enemies might never be remembered. Decades begin to pass, showing the growth of the Manhattan skyline, the last shot showing the twin towers of the World Trade Center. 