nm0005608:

 Looney Tunes: Back in Action (2003)541) The Looney Tunes search for a man's missing father and the mythical Blue Monkey diamond. Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck are up to their feuding ways again. Tired of playing second fiddle to Bugs, Daffy has decided to leave the Studio for good. He is aided by Warner Bros.' humor impaired Vice President of Comedy, Kate Houghton, who releases him from his contract and instructs WB security guard/aspiring stunt man DJ Drake to capture and "escort" Daffy off the studio lot. Suddenly a sidekick without a hero, the duck decides to ally himself with DJ, whether he likes it or not. Consequently, Daffy is on the scene when DJ discovers that his famous movie star father was Damian Drake, known for playing suave international spies onscreen, is actually a suave international spy in real life--and has been kidnapped by the evil insane nerdy, prancing villain known as Mr. Chairman of the equally nefarious Acme Corporation. It seems that Damian knows the whereabouts of the mysterious magical and powerful Blue Monkey Diamond, and the Chairman will do anything to get his hands on it! With Daffy in tow, DJ hits the road in a desperate attempt to outrace the evil Acme stooges to the diamond and save the world from their evil clutches. Unbeknownst to the two neo-spies, they are also being followed by VP Kate and Bugs--the studio brass has decided that the rabbit needs a comic foil after all, and Kate's job is on the line if she can't get Daffy back to work ASAP. Anthony Pereyra (hypersonic91yahoo.com) when the Warner Bros company studio in Hollywood announce a "Bugs Bunny: The Movie" starring the world's greatest cartoon characters, Daffy Duck doesn't like his roles and quits his Hollywood acting job. on the way they meet a recently fired security guard stuntman who's Hollywood acting farther has mysteriously gone missing, so the world's greatest cartoon characters team up with him and and go on a top secret mission quest to track his missing farther. Fed up with all the attention going to Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck quits Hollywood, teams up with recently-fired stuntman Damien Drake Jr. (Fraser) and embarks on a round-the-world adventure, along with Bugs and The VP of Warner Bros (Elfman). Their mission? Find Damien's father, and the missing blue diamond... and stay one step ahead of The Acme Corp., who wants the diamond for their own purposes. TPolTucker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. when the Warner Brothers Inc. Studio Company in Hollywood announces a Bugs Bunny Movie, Bugs Bunny Esq. gets a starring role in the new movie, and Daffy Horacio Tiberius Armando Sheldon Duck wants to be in it too. However, studio executive Katelyn "Kate" Houghton looks at the numbers, and sees that nobody wants Daffy. She fires Daffy and orders him off the Warner Bros lot. a security guard named Damien "DJ" Drake Jr. must escort Daffy off the lot. Daffy doesn't leave easily and DJ must chase Daffy all around the Hollywood street causing tremendous damage to the studio and accidentally causes the Warner Bros' Water-Tower to fall down and cause a giant flood. DJ is also fired and kicked off the lot. He goes home, not knowing that Daffy is hiding in his backpack. At home, DJ gets a message from his famous movie-star father, Damien Drake, is actually a secret spy agent in real life. and that Doctor Chairman, the dark evil president, owner and chairman of the evil Acme Corporation (likely located in Fairfield City, New Jersey) is holding him prisoner and wants an ancient mysterious magical legendary mythical blue monkey-shaped gem called: "The Blue Monkey Diamond" which has the supernatural powers to transform humans into monkeys so that Mr Chairman can shift all mankind into monkeys to use as slaves. Damien tells him in the message to go to Dusty Tails at Las Vegas, DJ must first find the Blue Monkey Diamond before the Acme Corporation does to save the world. DJ and Daffy join forces to find the Blue Monkey Diamond and then save his father and go in his old yellow pizza gremlin car. back at Warner Bros, they try to film the movie without Daffy, but fail. Mr Warner, the boss and owner of Warner Bros wants him back and sends Kate to get him back. Kate and Bugs arrive at DJ's house and realise that DJ went to Las Vegas with Daffy. they find Damien's secret spy car and go to Las Vegas in it. Daffy and DJ arrive at Las Vegas and find Dusty Tails at Yosemite Sam's Western restaurant, she gives them a "queen of diamonds" playing card and tells them about the Blue Monkey. Yosemite Sam and his other cowboys reveal that they're secretly evil agents for Acme and chase Daffy and DJ through the restaurant trying to take the card, but Daffy and DJ escape and bump into Kate and Daffy and they all have a big city car chase across Las Vegas. they eventually all escape by putting the spy car in flying car mode and fly it out of Las Vegas, Sam has a car crash into a giant pile of explosives, resulting in a giant explosion. they crash into the desert and get marooned, 'til they find a Walmart nearby and buy food and water to survive. then they find Area#52 and a woman that works there named Mother shows them a video about the Blue Monkey and its supernatural magical powers to shift humans into monkeys. soon, one of the aliens there named Marvin The Martian receives a message from Mr Chairman of the Acme Corporation and Marvin escapes and breaks all the alien monsters out and attack Bugs, Daffy, DJ and Kate. they luckily manage to get out just in time. DJ looks closely at the card and notices it has the Mona Lisa's face on it, so they all go to the Museum of Paris, France and look closely at the Mona Lisa. DJ dissects the card in half and realises that half of it is an X-Ray, they X-Ray the Mona Lisa and take a photo of the X-Ray, which reveals that it has the map of the African jungle to the location of the Blue Monkey. Elmer J. Fudd jumps out and reveals that he was secretly a dark evil Acme Agent all along. he tries to steal the card and they have a big chase through the paintings of the Art Gallery 'til Elmer turns into tiny art pigments after chasing them through a pigment-made painting and forgets to change back to his normal form when he comes out, leaving Bugs just enough time to completely disintegrate him to smithereens using a wind fan before he can change back. meanwhile, Kate gets kidnapped by Mr Smith, Mr Chairman's assistant and sidekick. Mr Smith takes Kate up the Eiffel Tower and steals the camera with the X-Ray photo and tries to escape in a helicopter with the help of Beaky Buzzard The Vulture, Kate and DJ try to stop him but Kate has a giant fall from the tower. but DJ luckily catches her and saves her with a grappling hook. DJ, Bugs, Kate and Daffy travel to the jungles of Africa to find the Blue Monkey. they find DJ's neighbours, Grandmother Emily "Granny" Webster, an old woman with several pets: Sylvester James Pussycat and Tweetybird The Canary riding on an elephant through the jungle for a holiday. they all go together and find the Blue Monkey, though Granny and her pets soon take off disguises and reveal that they were actually Mr Chairman and his Acme Agents. they're teleported to The Acme Corporation building and they steal the Blue Monkey and take DJ and Kate as prisoner with Damien. they give the Blue Monkey to Marvin who takes it up into space to an Acme-owned Martian satellite near Planet Mars, Bugs and Daffy secretly follow him into space in a spare Acme escape vessel spaceship that they steal from Marvin. DJ and Kate manage to undo to ropes tied around them, only to be confronted by a giant evil Acme robot cyber-dog. Kate and DJ get into a fight with the dog while Damien is chained to a railway trap with TNT crates. DJ jumps to the railway trap just in time as the train (which is being driven by Wile Ethelbert Coyote, a hungry and super-genius coyote who works for Acme) goes by and he saves Damien. the TNT, however, is pushed underneath the train and explodes after it goes past. meanwhile in space, Marvin puts the Blue Monkey into the giant laser beam-satellite and attempts to zap the universe to transform all mankind into monkeys. Bugs comes with a carrot-lightzaber and Daffy comes dressed as Duck Dodgers, they have a big epic space battle with Marvin and manage to blow up the satellite and foil Marvin and Acme's plan before it can zap the world and only one small bit of energy from the diamond makes it to Earth but only zaps Mr Chairman who turns into a monkey. Marvin tries to stop Bugs and Daffy with his Bubble-Gun, but it explodes as well and traps Marvin in a giant bubble and flies off into outer space. Bugs and Daffy return to the Acme tower and have saved the universe, only to walk out of a fake film-set back at Warner Bros and realise that none of it really happened and was just a movie being filmed that whole time. Daffy and Bugs decide that both of them are just as good and Daffy would never have any more "second-banana" again. Daffy thinks forward to his future career, knowing that this is just the beginning, only to be squashed by the Looney Toons' logo and the film ends. 
 Blue Crush (2002)Summaries As a hard-core surfer girl prepares for a big competition, she finds herself falling for a football player. Nothing gets between Anne Marie and her board. Living in a beach shack with three roommates including her rebellious younger sister, she is up before dawn every morning to conquer the waves and count the days until the Pipe Masters surf competition. Having transplanted herself to Hawaii with no one's blessing but her own, Anne Marie finds all she needs in the adrenaline-charged surf scene ... until pro quarterback Matt Tollman comes along. Like it or not, Anne Marie starts losing her balance - and finding it - as she falls for Matt. Schleppy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jacks or Better (2000)Summaries Jacks Or Better is a Dark Comedy about a man who kills his wife in the kitchen so he can play poker in the living room. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nutty Professor II: The Klumps (2000)Summaries Scientist Sherman Klump's inventions, his upcoming marriage to his pretty colleague Denise Gaines and his reputation are threatened by his evil clone Buddy Love. Professor Sherman Klump is getting married. And the Klump family could not be more delighted for him. But Buddy Love, his Mr. Hyde alter-ego from the first film, is back and trying to make it on his own. Buddy keeps resurfacing in untimely outbursts, and threatening the portly professor's marriage plans to colleague Denise Gaines. Utilizing Denise's cutting-edge DNA research, Sherman decides to rid himself of his monstrous nemesis -and his disruptive outbursts-once and for all by extracting Buddy's DNA from his system. But Buddy bursts full-bodied into Sherman's world and lays claim to the professor's astounding invention - a revolutionary youth serum. Desperate to keep it from Buddy, Sherman hides the serum in the Klump family home, thinking it will be safe. Buddy correctly divines where Sherman has placed the serum, but to get it, he has to deal with the entire Klump family first. Anonymous Sherman Klump is engaged to his pretty girlfriend Denise Gaines, also a professor. But Buddy Love, his other him from the first movie, tries to stay in his own form for eternity, and therefore he keeps appearing, a thing that makes damage to Klump. Klump tries to destroy Buddy Love forever, but while his plan has failed, and he starts to lose his knowledge and memory, he must do something to prevent the loss of the thing that made Denise fall in love with him - his wisdom. With the help of his very impolite and rude family, the Klumps, he tries to return his memory and to vanish Buddy Love forever. rsilberman It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 