nm0004125:

 Election (1999)761) A high school teacher meets his match in an over-achieving student politician. The high school Class President election is approaching and it looks like Tracy Flick is going to win, unopposed. However, teacher Jim McAllister has other plans. He convinces jock Paul Metzler to run, sparking off an interesting chain of events. grantss Perky, overachieving high schooler Tracy Flick ( Reese Witherspoon ) gets on the nerves of social-studies teacher Jim McAllister ( Matthew Broderick ) to begin with, but after she launches her campaign for student-body president and his personal life starts to fall apart, things spiral out of control. In Alexander Payne 's satire Election, the teacher becomes unhealthily obsessed with cutting his student down to size, covertly backing a spoiler candidate to stop her from steamrolling to victory, and putting in motion a series of dirty tricks and reckless promises with uncanny real-world political parallels. Adapting a then-unpublished novel by Tom Perrotta , Payne grounds the absurdity of his central dynamic in the recognizable-the setting is his hometown of Omaha, Nebraska, and the accomplished cast is rounded out with nonprofessionals-and distills his closely observed take on deeply flawed humanity to its bitter but stealthily sympathetic essence. Tracy Flick is running unopposed for this year's high school student election. But school civics teacher Jim McAllister has a different plan. Partly to establish a more democratic election, and partly to satisfy some deep personal anger toward Tracy, Jim talks popular varsity football player Paul Metzler to run for president as well. Chaos ensues. R. P. Falvey <falvey@scf.usc.edu> Jim McAllister is a Social Studies teacher at Carver High. A student of his, Tracy Flick, tends to rub him the wrong way. Flick, a loner and ambitious girl, decides to run for class president. McAllister convinces football player Paul to run against her. His lesbian sister Tammy joins the election after her girlfriend starts going out with Paul. During the campaigns, Tracy plays dirty, plying students with muffins and gum. Tammy adopts an anarchist attitude that the student body responds to. Paul has few skills to offer the position. Meanwhile, McAllister's going through a bad time with his wife. Alejandro Frias Tracy Flick is the most driven student at Carver High, who just happens to be having an affair with one of her teachers. Another teacher--Mr. McAllister--is having an affair with his wife's best friend. Student Elections are under way, when Mr. McAllister persuades football jock Paul to run against Flick for his own pleasure. Flick, of course, is mortified that Paul is even trying to compete. Tammy, Paul's lesbian sister who got dumped by her girlfriend to go with Paul, decides that running against her brother is the best revenge. Who will win the election this year? Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jim McAllister (Matthew Broderick) is a much-admired high school history teacher living in the suburbs of Omaha, Nebraska, who is actively involved in many after-school activities, one of which is overseeing the student government election process. Tracy Flick (Reese Witherspoon) is an overachieving junior with an insufferable air of self-importance. She lives with her bitter and divorced mother who encourages her to "to whatever it takes" to succeed in life. Earlier in the year, another teacher, Jim's best friend Dave Novotny (Mark Harelik) was fired from his job and divorced by his wife, Linda (Delaney Driscoll) after it came out that he and Tracy were having a sexual affair, while Tracy's reputation was unscathed. Against this backdrop, Tracy announces that she is running for student council president. Initially she is unopposed, as she is widely seen as the natural candidate for the job. When Tracy presents Mr. McAllister with her list of nominating signatures to qualify for the election ballot, she makes a remark about "working closely" together... which he interprets as an indication she may later try to seduce him as she did with Dave. Perhaps annoyed by Tracy's presumptuousness, and/or concerned that he might give in to this seduction and share the same fate as his friend Dave, Mr. McAllister decides to persuade junior Paul Metzler (Chris Klein), a slow-witted, but affable and popular football player to enter the race. Paul is unable to play football as he is recovering from a ski injury that resulted in his left leg being broken, and Mr. McAllister suggests a new way to explore his talents through student council. Although Paul is ambivalent at first, he agrees to run, much to Tracy's consternation. Meanwhile, Paul's adopted younger sister Tammy (Jessica Campbell) is rejected by her romantic interest Lisa (Frankie Ingrassia), who dismisses their time together as "experimenting." Lisa then engages in a passionate relationship with Paul. In retaliation, Tammy decides to run for school president as well. During a school assembly to hear the candidate's speeches, after Tracy only draws polite applause and Paul is barely able to read his speech, Tammy announces that the office of school president is useless and promises nothing, except to try and dissolve student government. The speech rallies the students to a standing ovation, but her subversive diatribe results in her getting a suspension from school. While working on another project after school, Tracy has an uncharacteristic fit of rage and destroys all of Paul's campaign posters. She then drives to a local power plant to dispose of the shredded posters in a nearby dumpster. Unbeknownst to Tracy, her attempted cover-up is witnessed by Tammy who was meditating near her favorite spot, an electric substation. The next day, when Mr. McAllister confronts Tracy about the missing posters and lectures her that "all of our actions can carry serious consequences," Tracy adamantly claims innocence, despite his insistence that all evidence points to her as the chief suspect. At that moment, Tammy knocks on the door and tells Mr. MacAllister she knows who tore down the posters. Tracy is asked to wait outside the room while Tammy speaks to Mr. McAllister. Tracy experiences a moment of sheer panic when she peers in the window only to see Tammy revealing the shredded posters. What Tracy can't hear is that Tammy is falsely confessing to a skeptical Mr. McAllister that it is she, not Tracy, who perpetrated the poster sabotage. As a result, Tammy is disqualified from the election and expelled from school. Tracy is now off the hook. But this clearly does not sit well with Jim, who still suspects Tracy is the guilty party. Meanwhile, Tammy's punishment of being sent to an all-girls Catholic school secretly pleases her and is the reason she took the blame for the vandalism. The day before the election, Linda Novotny asks Jim to come over to help unclog her bathtub drain. After Jim completes the job, Linda unexpectedly initiates a sexual liaison with him and then suggests that he book a motel room for them to continue their dalliance later that day, a proposition Jim himself had half-jokingly made to Linda shortly after her breakup with Dave. However, Linda apparently has a change of heart and is nowhere to be found when Jim arrives at her house to pick her up for their tryst. Not knowing where Linda could be, Jim walks into her backyard where he has the misfortune of being stung by a bee on his right eyelid, causing a terribly painful and unsightly allergic reaction. He then drives back to the motel and desperately tries to reach Linda by phone, but to no avail. Jim eventually returns to his own house later that evening only to find Linda and his wife (Molly Hagan) huddled together crying in the living room. Realizing that Linda has disclosed the infidelity to his wife and that he is no longer welcome at home, Jim spends a miserable night sleeping in his car outside Linda's house. The next day election day Jim oversees the counting of the ballots, though by now his right eyelid is grotesquely swollen and almost completely shut as a result of the bee sting. Paul had voted for Tracy, feeling that it would be arrogant to vote for himself. But this turns out to be a costly decision. The ballots are meticulously counted by a duo of student auditors, who determine that Tracy has prevailed by a single vote. It is then up to Jim to perform a final ballot count to certify the outcome. When Jim happens to spot Tracy dancing excitedly in the hall, he deduces that she may have been tipped off about the vote count. Angered by Tracy's unseemly display of glee and her dirty-tricks campaign tactics, Jim decides to take matters into his own hands by surreptitiously disposing of two of Tracy's ballots and declaring Paul the official victor. This turnabout elicits incredulity and shock from the two student auditors, who are certain that their original vote count was accurate. Tracy is shocked and despondent upon hearing the unexpected news of her defeat. Jim goes to the same motel he intended to commit adultery in, only this time to actually use it for lodging. The next morning, Jim wakes up and is confident of patching things up with his wife now that the election is behind him. However, the school janitor, to whom Jim had been unknowingly rude earlier by creating unneeded extra work for him, discovers the two discarded ballots in the trash and presents them to the principal. When Jim is confronted with the evidence of his fraudulent intervention, he admits everything and resigns from his job. The rigged election becomes a nationwide email trope, and as a result Jim's wife fails to forgive him. Divorced, publicly humiliated and ostracized by everyone he knows for this one half-hearted attempt to thwart Tracy's evil schemes to win the election, Jim leaves Nebraska forever, choosing to fulfill his longtime dream of moving to New York City, where he becomes a tour guide at the American Museum of Natural History and begins a quiet relationship with a new woman. After serving her senior year as the new hard-line and strict dictator-like class president, Tracy graduates at the top of her class and gets accepted into Georgetown University in Washington D.C., with a full scholarship and a desire to go into politics as both her major and future career, but she soon finds the experience disappointing. Despite having gotten everything she ever wanted in life, Tracy still has no friends, no social life, and cannot fit in anywhere at the university as most outgoing students there have slid-on-by connections. Tracy comes to accept the fact that it is indeed lonely being at the top of everything. Despite losing the student body president election, Paul enjoys a mostly happy-go-lucky senior year highlighted by being elected homecoming king and prom king, though he ends up getting dumped by his girlfriend, Lisa. After graduation, Paul gets into the University of Nebraska with a scholarship of his own where he joins a popular fraternity, makes many new friends, and resumes his career at playing football for the university. The misanthropic Tammy becomes romantically involved with a fellow student at the all-girls Catholic school that her parents made her enroll, and later runs away with her for places unknown. Jim's friend, Dave, moves to Milwaukee, Wisconsin and takes a low-paying job stocking shelves at a local supermarket. As the film draws to a close, the film skips forward seven years after Jim's dismissal from Nebraska where Jim recalls a final encounter he had with Tracy. On one cold winter day, Jim is at a conference in Washington D.C. and while walking the streets, he sees Tracy from a distance as she enters a limousine outside a fancy hotel with a congressman (revealed to be Mike Geiger, a Republican representative from Nebraska) whom she appears to work for as a member of his congressional staff. Suddenly enraged at the thought of Tracy, yet again, lying, cheating, seducing and manipulating her way into political success for her own selfish reasons, Jim hurls a soda cup at the limousine, and then makes a quick getaway. The film ends with Jim safely back in New York City at his tour guide job posing questions to a group of young elementary school children who are visiting the museum, deliberately ignoring the raised hand of an overeager little blonde-haired girl who reminds him of the ruthless and insufferable overachiever Tracy Flick. 
 Tajkun (2020 )Summaries Someone shoots at Serbian tycoon Vladan Simonovic. This makes Vladan initiate a private investigation that will open up "Pandora's box" with respect to his past and will lead to conflicts linked with the future of his mighty company. The attacker shoots a Serbian tycoon, the wealthy and influential "controversial businessman" Vladan Simonovic. More out of reflex than as a deliberate move, his son Bojan tries to protect his father and he takes a bullet instead. The assassin escapes - The shots make Vladan initiate a private investigation in order to discover who tried to kill them. This investigation will open up "Pandora's box" with respect to Vladan's business and private past and will lead to growing conflicts linked with the future of his seemingly mighty company. Firefly Productions It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Downsizing (2017)761) A social satire in which a man realizes he would have a better life if he were to shrink himself to five inches tall, allowing him to live in wealth and splendor. A new world of possibilities awaits, thanks to a revolutionary medical procedure known as Downsizing. Billed as environmentally-friendly, many people choose to downsize for economic benefits. When the kindly occupational therapist, Paul, undergoes the new procedure, finding himself in this brand-new existence, he must choose between a sheltered life or making an impact in his own small way. Can he help save the planet and afford a nice lifestyle at the same time? In the future, searching for a way to solve overpopulation and global warming, a scientist invents "downsizing", a process to shrink people to a height of five inches. Paul and Audrey Safranek, a married couple in Omaha with financial problems, meet Dave and Carol Johnson, who have downsized. While the inventors advocate that downsizing is environmentally friendly through the reduction of waste, Dave argues that its benefits extend far beyond that and improve one's life through the increase in value of their money. Exploring the possibilities of downsizing, Paul and Audrey agree to undergo the process and move to Leisureland, New Mexico, one of the most popular communities for small individuals. Scientists have discovered a way to miniaturise life, including humans. This is seen as a solution to overpopulation and people start to voluntarily be 'downsized', forming communities of downsized people. Paul and Audrey Safranek, an average suburban couple, decide to take the plunge. grantss Much to the surprise of the global scientific community and the rest of the world, the Norwegian scientist, Dr Jrgen Asbjrnsen, has perfected the intricate procedure of cellular reduction known as "downsizing": the answer to the rapidly escalating problem of global warming and overpopulation. Ecstatic, the brave couple of Paul and Audrey Safranek decide to trade their ordinary lives for the alluring lifestyle of the rich and famous, to do their part in New Mexico's impeccable minuscule community called Leisure Land Estates. However--even though a chance encounter with the shady entrepreneur and international playboy, Dusan, and the famous Vietnamese political activist, Ngoc Lan, paves the way for new experiences--the intrepid idealists, who are no taller than a few centimetres, realise that their problems remain insurmountable. Now, the future seems bleak. Is the good doctor's irreversible process the answer to all problems, or has he opened Pandora's Box? Nick Riganas Life has not gone the way Paul Safranek of Omaha, NE planned. Wanting to become a surgeon, he dropped out of pre-med in his second year of college to take care of his chronically ill mother, he instead having become an occupational therapist. While he still feels he is doing societal good, he feels he would have done more as a surgeon and would have had much more purchasing power than what has ended up being his middle class life. Needing a kick-start, he is able to convince his wife Audrey Safranek that they should go through the irreversible cellular reduction process, more commonly referred to as downsizing, and live in the preeminent downsized community in the US, Leisureland, NM. Developed by Dr. Jorgen Asbjrnsen at the Edvardsen Institute in Bergen, Norway to address what is deemed the ultimate threat to the human species, downsizing is considered the most inclusive and humane means to save humankind from overpopulation, it which reduces humans to approximately five inches in height, the downsized population which lives in harmony with the regular sized population. In addition to using fewer resources per individual, Paul learns that others that have already downsized have felt rejuvenated in not having to worry about many of life's problems, especially as one can take his or her middle class income and live like the proverbial top one percent without ever having to work again, leaving one to do as he or she truly wants in life. However, as soon as Paul goes through the process, he realizes that his new life is not as he envisioned. Paul will find that he will see the world in a new light in his encounters especially with two downsized people: Dusan Mirkovic, his neighbor who outwardly indulges in his hedonistic wants; and Ngoc Lan Tran, a Vietnamese dissident who was downsized against her will as punishment. Paul's new view is filtered through the lens of Dr. Asbjrnsen's original goal of the bigger picture of what is best for society. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens at a research facility in Bergen, Norway. Dr. Jorgen Asbjornsen (Rolf Lassgard) is performing an experiment on lab mice. One of his experiments produces an incredible result, and he rushes to tell his colleague, Dr. Andreas Jacobsen (Soren Pilmark). Jorgen claims to have found what they have been looking for, prompting he and Andreas to hug in celebration. Five years later. Andreas is speaking before a group of people on the dangers of overpopulation, and thus, he and Jorgen have found the solution. Andreas pulls out a box to reveal Jorgen is five inches tall, to everyone's astonishment. Andreas pulls out a trash bag containing waste produced by 36 small people over an extended period of time. The doctors then bring out another group of small people, including a child called Little Ronni, who was the first child ever to be born small. People all around the world witness this amazing breakthrough. In Omaha, Paul Safranek (Matt Damon) goes home to his mother (Jayne Houdyshell) after seeing the news. Paul's mother suffers from fibromyalgia, and he must take care of her and administer medication. Ten years later. Paul's mother has long passed on and he is married to Audrey (Kristen Wiig), but they still live in Paul's childhood home. While at a high school reunion, they see their friends, Dave and Carol Johnson (Jason Sudeikis and Maribeth Monroe), who went through the downsizing procedure and are now small. Dave and Carol boast to their friends how great things are as they live in a community for small people called Leisureland. Paul and Audrey attend a seminar in which another small couple, Jeff and Laura Lonowski (Neil Patrick Harris and Laura Dern) discuss the benefits of going small and living in Leisureland. What is expensive to people of normal size is worth a fraction in Leisureland, meaning Laura was able to purchase diamond jewelry for a mere $83, which Jeff says is their food budget for two months. The audience seems more than convinced to go through with downsizing. The Safraneks receive a call that their mortgage application has been denied. After thinking it over and discussing with Leisureland officials, Paul and Audrey decide to go and get small. Their friends throw them a party for their decision. A guy at a bar then starts to get belligerent over the fact that small people appear to get better benefits over normal-sized people, claiming they don't contribute to the economy like everyone else does. Paul's friend tells the guy to back off and intimidates him into sitting back down. Paul and Audrey fly out to the facility where the downsizing process will take place. They go through a line of questioning to make sure they understand that downsizing is irreversible and that some side effects may include death. Still, Paul and Audrey appear to be cool with it. Paul is shaved from head to toe and has some teeth removed before he gets small. He later wakes up and meets a nurse who presents him with a cracker pack that's huge to them, but normal for everyone else. Paul asks for Audrey, and the nurse brings him a phone with Audrey calling him. She reveals that she's at an airport because she got cold feet just as she was being shaved, claiming she wasn't ready to leave her family, friends, and life behind. Paul is furious that she left him alone like that. Paul is taken to his new home in Leisureland, but he is now depressed over being alone. While watching TV, he sees a news report on how 17 Vietnamese activists that were involuntarily shrunken were smuggled to the United States in a TV box. The only survivor, Ngoc Lan Tran (Hong Chau), was taken to the hospital and had her leg amputated below the knee. One year later, Paul is finalizing his divorce from Audrey. He now works as a telemarketer for Lands' End, Paul attends a birthday party at the Johnsons' place where Dave tries to console Paul over the divorce, as well as Paul's clear regret to go small. Paul then says he has been seeing someone. Paul is having dinner with Kristen (Kerri Kenney), a single mom. His upstairs neighbor, Dusan Mirkovic (Christoph Waltz), is throwing a loud party, and Paul tells him to turn the noise down. Dusan comes downstairs and tries to invite Paul to join the party, but he declines. After his date, Paul suggests that he and Kristen get together to meet her son. Kristen is hesitant, so Paul just abruptly leaves her and joins the party. Paul finds himself enjoying the party's atmosphere. He meets a young woman who slips him a drug through a kiss. Paul also meets a now grown-up Little Ronni and takes a selfie with him. Paul wakes up on Dusan's floor just as the cleaning crew arrives. He recognizes one of the cleaners as Ngoc Lan. He approaches her and offers to fix her prosthetic leg. After he tells her he worked as an occupational therapist, Ngoc Lan has Paul join her to go back with her to help take care of an ailing woman. Ngoc Lan brings Paul to the slums where she lives and tends to the needy. She takes Paul to Gladys (Rose Bianco), a woman dying of cancer who apparently lost her husband when he died during the downsizing process. Paul gives Ngoc Lan some percocet to give to Gladys for the pain, and also recommends turning her on her side so she doesn't get bed sores. Paul then tries to fix Ngoc Lan's leg, only to break it. As a result of his screw-up, Paul must help Ngoc Lan in her work, going around the slums to help others, as well as aiding her in her cleaning job, including Dusan's house. Dusan offers Paul a chance to get away by joining him and his friend Joris Konrad (Udo Kier) in going to Norway where the first small community was created. Ngoc Lan wants to go as well, despite Dusan saying she can't. She then mentions how she and Jorgen wrote letters to each other, as he felt terrible for what happened to her. This brings her to tears and convinces the three men to let her tag along. The group arrives in Norway and travels on a fjord to meet with Jorgen and his wife. On the journey, Paul and Ngoc Lan give into their mutual attraction and make love. When they meet Jorgen, he reveals to the group that due to the constant production of methane emissions, humanity is on the verge of extinction. Along with a large group of downsized people, Jorgen has helped established a vault within the first small colony to preserve humanity. Paul is eager to go in the vault, but Ngoc Lan doesn't want to go and thinks he should stay with her in Leisureland. The colony watches the sunset for the last time before heading into the vault. Paul says goodbye to Ngoc Lan, Dusan, and Joris. However, he changes his mind before the door to the vault closes, and he runs back outside to be with Ngoc Lan. Paul returns to Leisureland with Ngoc Lan and continues to help her in her work throughout the slums. 
 Nebraska (2013)541) An aging, booze-addled father makes the trip from Montana to Nebraska with his estranged son in order to claim a million-dollar Mega Sweepstakes Marketing prize. "NEBRASKA" is a father-and-son road trip, from Billings, Montana to Lincoln, Nebraska that gets waylaid at a small town in central Nebraska, where the father grew up and has scores to settle. Told with deadpan humor and a unique visual style, it's ultimately the story of a son trying to get through to a father he doesn't understand. Anonymous The Grants - father Woody, mother Kate, and adult sons Ross and David - live in Billings, Montana. Aged Woody is approaching dementia, although the family likes to think that he solely believes what appears on the surface, Woody's delusions which are exacerbated by a lifetime of heavy drinking. The latest belief that Woody has is that he has won $1 million, which everyone in his family knows is one of those scams for people to purchase magazine subscriptions. As such, Woody, who does not trust the US postal service to mail in his "winning" certificate, is determined to walk to Lincoln, Nebraska, the headquarters of the company, to pick up his $1 million. All he really wants with the money is to buy a new pickup truck - something he's never had and despite the fact that he should no longer be driving - buy an air compressor to replace the one stolen from him decades earlier, and to leave a little legacy to Ross and David. Younger son David, an electronics salesman who has just broken up with his girlfriend and thus needs a distraction, agrees to drive Woody to Lincoln just to humor him, but not before making a stop in Hawthorne, Nebraska - Woody and Kate's hometown - for a family reunion, which will include news anchor Ross and acerbic tongued Catholic Kate in a few days. David does not want Woody to tell anyone in Hawthorne of the "$1 million," but news of such does get out. This news colors Woody and David's interactions with their relatives and old friends and colleagues, including with Woody's old business partner, Ed Pegram. But this time in Hawthorne is also an illuminating one for David, who learns much about Woody and why he is the way he has always been, and about his parent's relationship as it concerns himself and Ross. Huggo The first time we meet taciturn Woody Grant (Dern), he's walking down the shoulder of a busy road in Billings, MT -- so determined to reach his unknown destination that he fails to acknowledge the kindly police officer who's struggling to get his attention. When Woody's dutiful son David (Forte) arrives at the local police station to pick him up shortly thereafter, we learn exactly why the old man was so singularly focused on his stride: Having recently received a sweepstakes letter stating that he has won one million dollars, Woody is determined to claim his prize in person at the company's head office in Nebraska. Although David discerns right away that the letter is little more than a scam to sell magazine subscriptions, stubborn Woody already has tunnel vision -- nothing will stop him from obtaining his jackpot, even if he has to walk 800 miles on his own two feet to do so. Of course, this doesn't sit well with Woody's outspoken wife Kate (June Squibb) or career-driven son Ross (Bob Odenkirk), but David is determined to humor his befuddled father nonetheless, eventually agreeing to drive him to the sweepstakes office personally despite having to call in sick to work to get the time off. Shortly after the two set out, however, the road trip threatens to get sidetracked when longtime alcoholic Woody winds up in the hospital following a drunken fall. Pushing their schedule back to make time for his recovery, the pair plan to take a detour to David's Aunt Peg's house in his father's hometown of Hawthorne, where Kate and Ross will soon arrive for an impromptu family reunion. When Woody runs into his old pal Ed Pegram (Stacy Keach) at a local tavern and shoots his mouth off about his recent "windfall," he becomes something of a local celebrity, and familiar faces come out of the woodwork to claim their fair share of the prize. Meanwhile, David learns more about his family during this one eventful weekend than he did during his entire childhood, prompting some deeply personal reflection that offers him a whole new perspective on the father who was always something of a mystery.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An old man (Bruce Dern) walks along the snowy roads of Billings, Montana. A police officer stops him. The man seems aimless. David (Will Forte) picks up the old man, his father Woody, at the police station. Woody explains that he was walking to Lincoln, Nebraska, to collect a million dollars he won in a mail order sweepstakes. David explains that these sweepstakes are scams, but Woody says this one must be genuine. When they arrive at Woody's house, his wife Kate (June Squibb) scolds him for believing in the contest. David, who sells stereo equipment at a local retail store, later comes back to his parents' house because his mother and older brother Ross (Bob Odenkirk) are distressed that Woody has again wondered off on a long walk. Ross tries to convince David that Woody needs to be put in a nursing home, and David thinks he just needs more family support. David's ex-girlfriend Noel (Missy Doty) stops by his apartment to drop off a few things. He asks her to move back in, but she is frustrated by his lack of direction in their relationship. After Noel leaves, David gets a phone call from his mother, Kate, who tells him to go searching for Woody, who is again out walking the streets of Billings. David and Woody argue, and Woody asks David to drive him to Nebraska. At Woody's home, he is waiting in David's car while Kate yells at David for planning to go through with this plan. They drive off. David and Woody drive southeast along Interstate 90 into Wyoming. While David gets gas at a stop, Woody wonders off to a bar. David finds him and chastises him for drinking. David and Woody drive further into South Dakota, where David suggests they stop to see Mount Rushmore near Rapid City. Woody stands and looks at the monument, but he is unimpressed. They stop that night at a motel. Woody goes out and comes back drunk. He falls, revealing a wound in his forehead. David takes Woody to a local hospital for stitches. Woody realizes he lost his false teeth. The doctor tells him he needs a few days to rest and be monitored. David tells Woody that they can stay in Hawthorne with Uncle Ray and Aunt Martha. Woody does not want to go. He wants to continue to Lincoln, Nebraska to claim his million dollar prize. The next day, David and Woody find his false teeth along some railroad tracks where he fell the night before. They joke about whether they are his real teeth. They make it to Hawthone, Nebraska, Woody's hometown, with a population of 1,358. They have not been there in a few decades. Aunt Martha (Mary Louise Wilson) is welcoming, but Woody's brother Ray (Rance Howard) and his two degenerate, obese and unemployed sons, Bart (Tim Driscoll) and Cole (Devin Ratray), are not very excited to see them. David discusses driving distances and travel times with Bart and Cole. They all make small talk and watch television. That evening, David walks into the dying downtown with Woody. They stop at a garage that Woody used to own, but he does not know the current workers. They go to a bar, where Woody has a beer and David complains about his drinking, saying he has tried to give it up himself. David relents and has a few beers with Woody as more customers come in. David tells Woody that he broke up with his girlfriend. David asks his father about his marriage, and Woody has little to say. David complains more about Woody's drinking, and Woody defends himself, getting angry and walking out. Woody sees another bar and David follows him in. They meet Ed (Stacy Keach), a gregarious man whom Woody claims stole his air compressor years ago. David warns Woody to not mention the sweepstakes to Ed and the guys, but he promptly does anyway. Ed and the guys tell Woody he is buying the next round of drinks. They drive home, and Woody boasts about how impressed the guys were. David and Woody have breakfast with the family the next morning, and they have heard about the sweepstakes. David tries to dispel the rumor, but they still assume it is true. Kate arrives by bus and scolds David and Woody for their misadventure. The three go out to a cemetery and look at grave markers. Kate tells many critical stories about dead family members. She comes across the grave of an old suitor, pulls up her skirt, and shows him what he could have had. Back at the house, a boy from the local newspaper comes by to take Woody's photograph for a news story. David goes to the newspaper office to explain to the editor that Woody did not actually win any sweepstakes. She happens to be Woody's ex-girlfriend from their youth, and chats up David, allowing him to look in a very old edition about his dad's service in the Korean War. She says she'll just write a simple story about Woody and Kate visiting town. That evening, David goes to dinner with Woody and Kate, where they see Ed singing karaoke. Ed calls out to Woody to stand up, and the whole restaurant applauds. Later, Ed approaches David in the bathroom and makes it clear that he expects to be repaid for money he loaned Woody years earlier. David insists that Woody did not win any money, but Ed does not believe him. Some of Woody's many brothers come over to visit the next day and watch football. Ross arrives, and everyone has dinner. Ross and Kate try to dispel the rumor that Woody won a million dollars. Woody says that all he wants is a new truck and an air compressor. An aunt and cousin approach David and Ross to ask for money that they loaned to Woody over the years, then Cole and Bart join in also wanting a share to the money. Ross once again tries to explain that Woody did not win any money, and the cousins begin fighting. Kate walks out and tells them off. David and Ross drive their parents out to the old family homestead, which is an abandoned house on a barren farm. They walk around the empty rooms, and Woody recalls growing up there. As they drive outside of town, Kate says she sees Ed's house. David and Ross get the idea of looking in his barn and taking back Woody's compressor. After they load the compressor in the car, Woody tells them they went to the wrong house, so they take it back. Just then, as David and Ross hide in their barn, the homeowners show up, surprised to find Woody and Kate. They make small talk, and Kate drives away, leaving their sons to chase after them on foot. David and Woody go back to the bar in town. Ed confronts Woody and asks him to pay back $10,000. Woody says he does not have the money yet, and Ed tells the story of when Woody wanted to leave Kate early in their marriage. Cole and Bart, poorly disguised, mug David and Woody outside the bar, stealing Woody's sweepstakes letter. David confronts them back at the house, and they say they threw it away when they realized it was bogus. David tries to make Woody feel better by looking for the letter back in town. They go into the bar and find Ed reading the sweepstakes letter to a small crowd, with everyone laughing. Woody takes the letter back from Ed, who realizes that Woody believes it. Before he leaves, David slugs Ed in the face. David finds Woody outside, dizzy and having breathing trouble. David tells him they are not going on to Lincoln. Woody says he just wanted the money for a new pickup truck, and to leave something for his sons. David drives Woody to the hospital after he faints. Ross and Kate meet David at the hospital, who tells them Woody will be kept overnight. Ross says he will drive Kate home to Billings in the morning. David spends the night in Woody's hospital room. David wakes up to find Woody missing, then discovers him walking along the road outside the hospital. He picks him up, and the two drive on to Lincoln. They make their way to the non-descript marketing office for the sweepstakes, where a secretary informs them that Woody does not have a winning number. She offers Woody a complementary hat. David asks the secretary if this happens a lot, and she says usually with older people. She asks David, "Does he have Alzheimer's?" David replies, "He just believes stuff that people tell him." She responds, "Oh, that's too bad." David stops at a car dealer on the way out of town and trades in his car for a pickup truck. Then he drives Woody to a store and buys him a new air compressor. On the way back west, they drive back into Hawthorne. David stops in the middle of the main street and tells his dad to drive the truck, which he has put in his name. Woody drives through the dying downtown, and tells David to hide. He sees an old friend, and Ed with a welt on his face, as well as his old girlfriend from the newspaper. He drives past his brother Albert and waves. In the final scene, on the edge of town, Woody gets out of the truck and lets David continue driving them westward back to Billings. 