nm0005157:

 Madison (2001)44) A story about a man's personal struggle to victory in the 1971 Madison, Indiana hydro-plane regatta. Madison, Indiana, 1971. The Ohio river port is in full economic decline, its last pride and obsession being its uniquely town-owned power boat, although the raggedy old donation from a millionaire decades ago never comes close to a win. With his doted upon son Mike as most devoted fan, air-conditioner repairman Jim McCormick, who had to stop piloting it after a near-fatal accident, devotes all his 'spare' time to it, turning down professional opportunities as that would mean moving, as his wife suggests. Things climax when he realizes the town will either be scrapped from the national racing circuit or host the Gold Cup itself, requiring $50,000 fund raising. KGF Vissers Mike McCormick recounts his life in the summer of 1971, when he was a ten year old adolescent living in the town of Madison, Indiana, on the northern banks of the Ohio River. Madison was once the busiest port upstream of New Orleans, but it had since hit hard times, with many people choosing to leave for greener pastures. Mike's father, Jim McCormick, still had his HVAC job, but would not have it much longer if the town's economy did not take a drastic turn for the better. Madison had a rich history in competitive boat racing, having hosted the first ever such race in the United States. Hydroplaning was like a religion in town, Madison being the only community worldwide that owned its own competitive hydroplane, the Miss Madison, whereas all other boats were corporate owned or sponsored. Madison also was one of only six stops on the hydroplane racing circuit. Jim once piloted the Miss Madison, but a racing accident in 1961 that injured him and killed his best friend, a fellow pilot, ended his racing career. He had since worked behind the scenes for the team, but was getting more and more involved - as his teammates left town - to the point of being head of the team in 1971. This focus on racing exasperated Mike's mother, Bonnie McCormick, who wanted Jim to focus more on their family, which meant leaving Madison for a more stable and thus better life. The American Power Boat Association (APBA) chose by lottery Madison to host the Gold Cup Championship race that year, the most prestigious race on the circuit. This choice was not a done deal as the town had to put up a $50,000 deposit, money which it did not have. In addition, Jim was determined to get the Miss Madison in shape for the Gold Cup, despite her twelve year old age, the battering she took in season races, and the team having neither the time, money or technological expertise to make the necessary repairs to get her near the quality of other newer boats. And other issues made Jim have to make the decision if he would once again get behind the wheel competitively. Despite loving his father and hydroplaning, Mike had an inferiority complex compared to the other children who traveled the race circuit as Madison was seen as an unsophisticated backwater that did not deserve to host the Gold Cup, as the Miss Madison was seen as a relic, and as the other kids taunted Mike about Jim being afraid to race. That summer would show Mike and the world just what Jim and Madison were made out of. Huggo In 1971, air-conditioner repairman and boat enthusiast Jim McCormick entertains his desire to 'go down' as a legend in the record books when the Gold Cup hydroplane boat race improbably comes to his small town of Madison, Indiana. Immediately, Jim seizes his opportunity to enter the contest. With a motley crew of fellow mechanics and friends at his side, Jim fixes up his old boat and brings hope to the blighted industrial city. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jingle All the Way (1996)761) A father vows to get his son a Turbo Man action figure for Christmas. However, every store is sold out of them, and he must travel all over town and compete with everybody else in order to find one. Howard Langston, a salesman for a mattress company, is constantly busy at his job, and he also constantly disappoints his son, Jamie. After he misses his son's karate exposition, he tries hard to come up with a way to make it up to him. Jamie says he all he wants for Christmas is an action figure of television hero Turbo Man. Unfortunately for Howard, it is Christmas Eve, and every store is sold out of Turbo Man figures; now Howard must travel all over town and compete with everybody else including a mail man named Myron to find a Turbo Man action figure, and to make it to the Wintertainment Parade, which will feature Turbo Man. John Wiggins Howard Langston is a mattress salesman with a bad habit of putting his work ahead of his family. His son Jamie, who wishes Dad would pay more attention to him, wants only one thing for Christmas -- a Turbo Man action figure, with all the accessories. Howard promises both Jamie and his wife Liz that there will indeed be a Turbo Man under the tree for Jamie on Christmas morning, but come December 24, Howard realizes that he hasn't actually bought the toy yet. Seemingly it would be no great problem to head on down to the toy store and pick one up, but it just so happens that Turbo Man has been the hottest ticket of the holiday season, and literally thousands of parents are scrambling for the last few action figures. Howard then spends a hilariously hellish Christmas Eve madly scrambling from store to store in desperate search of a Turbo Man; in the course of his adventures, Howard keeps crossing paths Myron Larabee, a postal worker who wants a Turbo Man even more desperately than Howard. This Christmas, only a miracle can get the workaholic and neglectful father, Howard Langston, out of the tight spot. One unfulfilled promise combined with an inadvertent mistake will have the desperate dad combing snowy Minnesota for an elusive toy, and every boy's holy grail: Turbo-Man, the ultimate action figure. At the end of his tether, Howard sets out on a frenzied odyssey to track down the precious gift, amid hordes of equally inattentive parents, and his relentless soon-to-be arch-nemesis: Myron, the manic postman. Now, under those dire circumstances, can Howard save Christmas and be, once more, the family's hero? Nick Riganas When Howard misses his son's karate practice, he makes peace by promising his son a Turbo Man doll for Christmas. What Howard doesn't know is that every other child wants the doll as well. On the day of Christmas Eve, Howard must compete against a deranged postal worker, as well as con artist Santas, the police, and almost every parent in town, to get his son the cherished toy. But while Howard is going insane trying to find the doll, his son is wondering where his father is, and his neighbor is putting the moves on his wife. Adam Howard Langston has promised his son Jamie that he will get anything he wants for Christmas. Unfortunately for Howard, Jamie wants an immensely popular Turbo Man action figure. Howard forgets to get it, and since it's Christmas Eve, it's sold out everywhere. Since Howard knows he has let Jamie down in the past, he goes on a quest to track down a "Turbo Man" action figure, and will stop at nothing to get Jamie the gift that he wants. Zack H. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Howard Langston (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a hard working employee at a mattress company, and is stuck doing extra work on the day his son, Jamie (Jake Lloyd), is earning a purple belt in karate. Despite his promise to make it, he runs into trouble with a traffic jam and Officer Alexander Hummel (Robert Conrad), a sadistic cop from hell who forces him to do a sobriety test after catching him speeding on the shoulder. Because of all this, he ends up missing the karate class. In order to make it up to Jamie, he promises to get him anything he wants for Christmas. What he wants is the immensely popular "Turbo Man" doll, based on the Saturday-morning live action TV show of the same name. Unfortunately, Howard had promised to buy it earlier in the year and, as is the habit with him, promptly forgotten about it. To add further salt to the wound, his wife, Liz (Rita Wilson), informs him that since the dolls are the must-have gifts of the season, they are virtually impossible to find especially this close to Christmas. Desperate to not disappoint his family again, Howard sets off on a wild goose chase all over Minneapolis-St.Paul to find the doll. At the first store he gets to, he meets Myron Larabee (Sinbad), a post office worker who son wants one too. It is eventually revealed that this is going to be a "no holds barred" scavenger hunt, with lots of shoving, fighting, arguing, and worse. Throughout Howard's quest, the many stores he hits and the chaos that ensues at each one ultimately results in nothing, and at one point he has another run in with Officer Hummell when he accidentally knocks over his squad motorcycle. During a stopover at the Mall of America, Howard is lured into buying a doll from a con Santa (Jim Belushi), who is the leader of a large counterfeit toy-making operation. Unsurprisingly, he pays $500 for a Spanish speaking doll that falls apart the moment he opens the box. Angered at being ripped off, he accuses the Santas of undermining the values of Christmas and ends up in a brawl with them. The police show up to bust the ring, and Howard manages to get out of trouble by posing as an undercover cop using a toy badge. Later, Howard arrives at Mickey's Diner and uses their pay phone to call home. Jamie answers, and Howard unintentionally scolds him over Turbo Man when he tries to get him to hand the phone to Liz. In turn, Jamie rebukes Howard for never keeping his promises and hangs up. Liz overhears the conversation and becomes disappointed in Howard. Howard encounters Myron at the diner, and they attempt to patch things up by sharing their woe stories; Myron explains that when he was young, his father was unable to buy him a Johnny Seven OMA action figure on Christmas. Their conversation is interrupted when they hear on the KQRS radio station that the disc jockey is holding a Turbo Man competition, and whoever can name all eight of Santa's reindeer wins it! Resuming their rivalry, they barge into the studio (prompting the freaked-out disc jockey to call the police) and give the correct answer, only to discover that the prize is just a gift certificate. Enraged, Myron threatens the disc jockey with a small package from his mailbag which he claims is a mail bomb, but it turns out to be a fake. The police soon arrive (along with Officer Hummell), and Myron bluffs them into backing off by pulling out a much bigger package and claiming it to be a bomb too (unaware that it actually is one). Officer Hummell inspects it and declares that it is harmless, only for it to explode in his face when he tries to open it. After returning to the diner to find that his car has been stripped and spray-painted by thieves, Howard decides to give up the search and returns home to explain everything to Liz, only to discover his next door neighbor, Ted (Phil Hartman),(who always seems to be homing in on Liz when he is not around) in his house putting his star on his tree! His blood boiling with anger, Howard exacts revenge by breaking into Ted's house and stealing the Turbo Man doll he bought for his son, Johnny. However, he has a change of heart at the last minute as he could not see himself stealing from a child. Before he has a chance to replace it and escape, he is confronted by Ted's pet reindeer and he unintentionally sets some stuff on fire in the ensuing chaos. This causes him to be caught by Ted and a distraught Liz, who both leave to attend the Holiday Wintertainment Parade with Jamie and Johnny. Broken, Howard decides to to keep the one promise he can, by making his way to the parade to be with his family. Meanwhile, Ted attempts to make a pass at Liz, only to be hit with a thermos of eggnog after she sees who he really is. Upon arriving at the parade, Howard runs into a bandaged Officer Hummell and accidentally drenches him with hot chocolate. In the ensuing chase, Howard escapes into a preparations room for the parade where he is mistaken for a replacement for the actor who will play Turbo Man on the so-themed float. And best of all, he gets the opportunity to pick a child to present a coveted limited-edition Turbo Man doll! Who else does he pick but Jamie! But before Jamie recognizes him, Myron appears dressed as Turbo Man's archenemy, Dementor (having bound and gagged the real actor), and chases Jamie all around the street, with the crowd thinking that this is part of the act. Howard does his best to keep up, but has little skill in controlling the Turbo Man suit. In the end, he defeats Myron and saves both Jamie and the doll. Jamie is sad that his dad wasn't there to see it...until Howard removes his helmet to reveal his true identity! Meanwhile, Myron is being hauled off by the police, dismayed by his ultimate failure to retrieve the doll and give it to his son for Christmas. Touched by his words, Jamie gives it to him saying that he no longer needs it since his father is the real Turbo Man! Myron and Howard apologize and become friends, and Howard apologizes to a shocked Officer Hummell for everything. He is declared a hero and is crowd-surfed away. At home, Christmas Eve is finally spent right, as the star is mounted on the tree, and everyone's happy. Liz is so happy that Howard was willing to do so much to get a present for Jamie, that it has her wondering what he got for her. The shocked expression on his face tells the whole story. Uh oh! 
 Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999)761) Two Jedi escape a hostile blockade to find allies and come across a young boy who may bring balance to the Force, but the long dormant Sith resurface to claim their original glory. The evil Trade Federation, led by Nute Gunray is planning to take over the peaceful world of Naboo. Jedi Knights Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi are sent to confront the leaders. But not everything goes to plan. The two Jedi escape, and along with their new Gungan friend, Jar Jar Binks head to Naboo to warn Queen Amidala, but droids have already started to capture Naboo and the Queen is not safe there. Eventually, they land on Tatooine, where they become friends with a young boy known as Anakin Skywalker. Qui-Gon is curious about the boy, and sees a bright future for him. The group must now find a way of getting to Coruscant and to finally solve this trade dispute, but there is someone else hiding in the shadows. Are the Sith really extinct? Is the Queen really who she says she is? And what's so special about this young boy? simon When the Trade Federation organize a blockade around the planet Naboo, the Supreme Chancellor Valorum sends the Jedi Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi to negotiate the end of the blockade. However the evil Viceroy Nute Gunray is ordered to kill the Jedi and invade Naboo. However the Jedi escape and Qui-Gon saves the life of the clumsy Gungan Jar Jar Binks. The outcast native takes the Jedi to his submerged city and the Gungan leader gives transportation to them. The Jedi head to the capital to warn Queen Amidala about the invasion. However she has been captured by the Federation droids but the Jedi rescue the queen and her court and they flee in a spacecraft that is damaged when they cross the blockade. They land on a desert planet and Qui-Gon Jinn goes to the town with Jar Jar, the droid R2-D2 and the queen's assistant Padm to seek the necessary part for the spacecraft. When they find the component, they do not have money to buy it. But the slave boy Anakin Skywalker offers to dispute a race with his pod to raise the necessary money. Qui-Gon feels the Force in the boy and accepts his offer. Will the boy win the race? What will happen to Naboo? Will Queen Amidala be capable to convince the politicians to release her planet from the Trade Federation? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When the evil Trade Federation plots to take over the peaceful planet of Naboo, Jedi warrior Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi embark on an amazing adventure to save the planet. With them on their journey is the young Queen Amidala, Gungan outcast Jar Jar Binks, and the powerful Captain Panaka, who will all travel to the faraway planets of Tatooine and Coruscant in a futile attempt to save their world from Darth Sidious, leader of the Trade Federation, and Darth Maul, the strongest Dark Lord of the Sith to ever wield a lightsaber. Anchorhead <skywalker@n2space.com> As imminent conflict brews between the powerful Trade Federation and the peaceful planet of Naboo, Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi travel to Naboo to warn the Queen of the galactic fallout which is to follow. Eventually, Naboo is invaded forcing the Jedi to evacuate the planet with the Queen and her court. They travel to the desert planet of Tatooine where they meet a slave boy named Anakin Skywalker who is evidently one with the Force. They enlist his help in fighting the war, while the Jedi confront one of the Dark Jedi behind the invasion, Darth Maul, while his master Darth Sidious continues to lead the invasion as a "phantom" behind the scenes. Matthew McQuillan <mjment@hotmail.com> It is a distant galaxy eons before the gestation of the planet Earth. Advancements in technology and science have allowed the evolution of millions of worlds that are otherwise in many respects still primitive. These worlds are somewhat loosely allied into a galactic Republic, whose capital world is the planet Coruscant, a planetary city. Upholding order for the Republic are the Jedi, an order of warriors endowed with near-super power derived from self-generated fields of energy known collectively as the Force. Within the Republic, dissident worlds have banded into an alliance known as the Trade Federation, and the Trade Federation is locked in a dispute with the peaceful world of Naboo. Two Jedi Knights, Qui-Gon Jinn and his youthful apprentice, Obi-Wan Kenobi, have been sent to Naboo to help mediate an end to the dispute, but Nute Gunray, an alien viceroy, orders them to be killed, and the two Jedi discover upon their escape that the Trade Federation will launch an invasion of Naboo. With the help of a well-meaning but hopelessly subliterate alien native of Naboo, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan land on Naboo to rescue her ruler, Queen Amidala, a ruler whose rule is a mixture of monarchy and republican democracy. Escaping Naboo, they are attacked by a Federation baseship and are forced to land on the distant planet Tatooine, where in seeking parts to complete their journey to Coruscant they encounter a young boy, Anakin Skywalker, a slave who possesses a gift for the savagely dangerous sport of podracing - a gift that Qui-Gon deduces is part of a genetic makeup perfect for the Jedi Order. Anakin eventually joins with Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan, and in the process attracts the attention of one of Queen Amidala's handmaidens with a dramatic secret, and all reach Coruscant, but endless and pointless debate within the Republic's Senate leave them no choice but to strike out on their own to liberate Naboo, a task made all the more difficult because a traitor within Coruscant has at his command a dissident Jedi warrior who seeks the death of Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan. stp43 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening crawl reveals that the Trade Federation, led by its Viceroy Nute Gunray, has blockaded the planet of Naboo in hope of resolving a galactic trade dispute. Chancellor Valorum (Terence Stamp) of the Galactic Republic, sends Jedi Knights Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) on a secret mission to meet with the Trade Federation to settle the crisis. Unknown to them, the Trade Federation is in league with the mysterious Sith Lord Darth Sidious, who orders them to invade Naboo with their immense droid army and also to kill the two Jedi. Following a failed attempt to force their way into Gunray's command center, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan escape and flee to the surface of Naboo, where they meet local Gungan outcast Jar Jar Binks (Ahmed Best). As Jar Jar brings them to an underwater Gungan settlement, the Trade Federation captures Naboo's leader, Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman). Through a Jedi mind trick, Qui-Gon secures a submarine, which he, Obi-Wan, and Jar Jar use to reach the capital of Naboo and rescue Queen Amidala and her escort. The group departs for Coruscant, the Galactic Republic's capital planet, to seek help from the Senate. During the escape, the ship is attacked by the Federation blockade, forcing R2-D2, one of the ship's droids, to fix the shields. The attack damages the ship's hyperdrive, forcing the party to land on the desert planet of Tatooine for repairs. While searching for needed parts, Qui-Gon and a handmaiden named Padm befriend young Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd), a nine-year-old human slave gifted in piloting and mechanics. Qui-Gon senses a strong presence of the Force in Anakin, and feels that he may be the "Chosen One" an individual the Jedi believe will fulfill a prophecy by bringing balance to the Force. At Anakin's insistence, Qui-Gon enters Anakin into the Boonta Eve Podrace in a bid with Anakin's master, Watto, to gain the needed parts as well as Anakin's freedom. Anakin eludes several obstacles including rival racer Sebulba to win the race, gaining his freedom and bankrupting Watto. After hesitation, Anakin leaves his mother and his droid, C-3PO (Anthony Daniels), behind on Tatooine to go with the Jedi. As the group prepares to depart, they are attacked by the Sith apprentice Darth Maul (Ray Park), who battles Qui-Gon until the heroes escape. On Coruscant, Qui-Gon informs the Jedi Council of the mysterious, well-trained attacker. The Council becomes concerned that this may indicate the reappearance of the Sith, an opposing order that followed the dark side of the Force and had long ago disappeared. Qui-Gon informs the Council about Anakin, hoping that he can be trained as a Jedi. After testing the boy the Council refuses, worried that he is too old for training and that the fear and anger that he harbors will cloud his future. Meanwhile, Senator Palpatine (Ian McDiarmid) of Naboo persuades Amidala to call a vote of no confidence in Chancellor Valorum. The vote removes Valorum from power and leads to Palpatine's nomination for the position, which Amidala considers too late to be effective. To stop the Federation invasion by herself, the Queen decides to return to Naboo with her security team, the two Jedi, R2-D2, Anakin, and Jar Jar. On Naboo, Padm reveals herself as Queen Amidala and forms an alliance with the Gungans for the battle against the Trade Federation. The Gungans march into battle to divert the Federation army away from the capital, allowing the others to infiltrate the palace. Once inside the palace hangar, the Jedi free several Naboo pilots, who regain their starfighters and assault the Federation droid ship. As they make their way to the throne room, the infiltration team is confronted by Darth Maul. Qui-Gon and Obi Wan engage Maul while the others take an alternate route. Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan duel with the Sith Lord amongst the catwalks of a massive power-generating reactor core. Obi-Wan is briefly delayed, separating him from Qui-Gon and Maul. Meanwhile, Queen Amidala and her forces fight their way into the palace and capture Nute Gunray, Viceroy of the Trade Federation. Anakin - who inadvertently joined the dogfight in space - destroys the droid-control ship's reactor with proton torpedoes, which deactivates the droid army in the midst of taking Gungan prisoners. In the reactor core, Qui-Gon re-engages Darth Maul singlehandedly, but is mortally wounded. Obi-Wan catches up with and defeats Maul in another intense lightsaber battle. With his final breath, Qui-Gon instructs Obi-Wan to train Anakin to become a Jedi. In the aftermath, the newly elected Supreme Chancellor Palpatine congratulates Queen Amidala on her victory and promises to watch Anakin's career with great interest. Meanwhile, the Jedi Council promotes Obi-Wan to the level of Jedi Knight, and Yoda reluctantly accepts Obi-Wan's request to train Anakin as his padawan. During Qui-Gon's funeral, Mace Windu (Samuel L. Jackson) and Yoda (Frank Oz) agree that the person who killed Qui-Gon had to have been a Sith, but as the Soth are known to have only a master and an apprentice, they are unsure which was killed. A large celebration is held on Naboo to celebrate the world's liberation and the newborn alliance between the Naboo and the Gungans. 
 Star Wars: Episode I - Racer (2000 Video Game)Summaries Compete in the galactic pod-racing championship as one of the many pod-racers featured in Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999) . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 