nm0005462:

 The Hunted (2003)541) An FBI deep-woods tracker attempts to capture a trained assassin who has made a sport of hunting humans. After a spate of grisly murders performed in an almost ritualistic way, the experienced survival expert and former military instructor, L.T. Bonham, is summoned to track down the elusive and shockingly familiar killer: one of his best pupils, Aaron Hallam. Holed up in the wet and tangled wilderness of Oregon's Silver Falls State Park, Aaron--now a tormented and delusional killing machine--will soon come face-to-face with his grizzled mentor, in a no-holds-barred hand-to-hand combat. Suddenly, age; experience; strength, and the feral will to survive, blur the line between a hunter and his prey. Now, who is the hunted? Nick Riganas Aaron Hallam, a Delta Force soldier has gone renegade after witnessing genocide of innocent civilians during his time in the Kosovo War. Back in US, in the wilderness, he kills two deer hunters equipped with sophisticated gears n rifles. Before killing them both with his knife, Hallam tells them that, because of the sophisticated weapons n gears, they are not true hunters. Bonham, a retired trainer n mentor of Hallam, is approached by the FBI to help catch Hallam. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com In the green woods of Silver Falls, Oregon, Aaron Hallam, a trained assassin AWOL from the Special Forces, keeps his own brand of wildlife vigil. After Hallam brutally slew four deer hunters in the area, FBI Special Agent Abby Durrell turns to L.T. Bonham-- the one man who may be able to stop him. At first L.T. resists the mission. Snug in retirement, he's closed off to his past, the years he spent in the Special Forces training soldiers to become skilled killers. But when he realizes that these recent slaying is the work of a man he trained, he feels obligated to stop him. Accepting the assignment under the condition that he works alone, L.T. enters the woods, unarmed--plagued by memories of his best student and riddled with guilt for not responding to Aaron's tortured letters to him as he began to slip over the edge of sanity. Furious as he is with his former mentor for ignoring his pleas for help, Aaron knows that he and L.T. share a tragic bond that is unbreakable. And, even as they go into their final combat against each other, neither can say with certainty who is the hunted and who is the hunter. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1999, in Kosovo, all hell is breaking loose, and brutal Serbian soldiers are in the process of destroying an Albanian village. Sergeant 1st Class Aaron Hallam (Benicio Del Toro) is a very skilled soldier/government operative who sneaks into an enemy building, and kills a Serbian commander (Mio Drag Jakula). Now, a few years later, in snowy British Columbia, a province in Canada, L. T. Bonham (Tommy Lee Jones) is working for the World Wildlife Fund. Bonham treats a wolf that was injured by a trap, and then he finds the man (David S. Case) who set the trap, and he slams the guy's face into a table. In the woods of Silver Falls, Oregon, two hunters with high-tech scope rifles are wandering through the forest, hunting deer. Hallam is hunting the two men. Basically, he's first playing with them (talking to them, taunting them, with them having no clue where he is), then he slowly kills them, and dismembers them. Government officials urge Bonham to come to Oregon and use his expert tracking skills to help them find Hallam, who has PTSD from his service in Kosovo. Reluctantly, Bonham accepts. In Silver Falls, Bonham meets FBI agent Abby Durrell (Connie Nielsen), who is one of the investigators. Bonham goes into the forest, and finds Hallam. The two fight, and seem to be of equal skill, but Abby and the other agents, who secretly followed Bonham, tranquilize Hallam. While Hallam is in custody in Portland, Oregon, Bonham tells Abby who Hallam is. Dale Hewitt (Mark Pellegrino) and his partner Stokes (Aaron Brounstein), two men who work for the Department of Defense, show up with a letter saying that Hallam is to be handed over to the Department of Defense, and Dale and Stokes are not giving out much information to the police. It's explained that Hallam is a highly-trained assassin whose PTSD from Kosovo has turned him into a killing machine who enjoys killing people, no matter whether his superiors consider them "good" or "bad." Hallam and Bonham also know each other -- while Bonham, unlike Hallam, has never been in the military, Bonham was employed by the Army to train people how to kill, and he trained Hallam quite well. Bonham, however, left that life behind and went to British Columbia to work for the World Wildlife Fund. All the letters to Tommy, where Hallam mourned the loss of his sanity, went unanswered. Hallam felt that Bonham was almost like a father to him. Dale and Stokes load Hallam into an Army transporter, and drive him away. On the road, they more or less explain to Hallam that they're going to kill him. Hallam expresses discontent with that plan, and kills Dale and Stokes, and also the driver, who -- because he was shot in the head -- crashes the transporter. Hallam escapes. Hallam pays a visit to his ex-girlfriend Irene Kravitz (Leslie Stefanson), who never really understood what exactly he was doing. Hallam gives Irene tons of money, tells Irene that she and her 7-year-old daughter Loretta (Jenna Boyd) are in danger, and urges them to leave the house. Bonham, who was on his way back to British Columbia, believing that his mission was done, hears about Hallam's escape and heads back to Portland, Oregon. Abby tells Bonham about Irene, and they go to Irene's house. They find Hallam there, but he escapes by jumping out of a window and then driving away with Irene's car. A few minutes and many car crashes later, Hallam escapes on foot at a construction site, with Bonham, Abby, and the police on his trail. They chase Hallam into the sewers, where, one by one, Hallam starts killing cops and FBI agents. Bonham chases Hallam up to the street, and runs after Hallam. The chase includes a bike, and the metro express. Hallam climbs onto the top of a high bridge pillar, and jumps down into the river. No one spots him as he swims with the current. Bonham uses his tracking skills along the river as he tries to find Hallam. Along the way, Bonham creates a sharp knife out of a rock. At the same time, Hallam -- hiding somewhere near the river -- makes a cozy bonfire and forges a knife out of some stray metal that someone left behind. Bonham finds Hallam. They fight with their knives, and they cut each other up. Hallam cuts Bonham up numerous times. Bonham manages to stab Hallam in the chest, just as Abby and her agents arrive. Hallam collapses, and passes away. Later, back in British Columbia, Bonham is in his cabin, burning all the letters that Hallam wrote to him. 
 As Good as It Gets (1997)541) A single mother and waitress, a misanthropic author, and a gay artist form an unlikely friendship after the artist is assaulted in a robbery. New York City. Melvin Udall, a cranky, bigoted, obsessive-compulsive writer, finds his life turned upside down when neighboring gay artist Simon is hospitalized and his dog is entrusted to Melvin. In addition, Carol, the only waitress who will tolerate him, must leave work to care for her sick son, making it impossible for Melvin to eat breakfast. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Melvin Udall is an obsessive-compulsive writer of romantic fiction who's rude to everyone he meets, including his gay neighbor Simon, but when he has to look after Simon's dog, he begins to soften and, if still not completely over his problems, finds he can conduct a relationship with the only waitress at the local diner who'll serve him. Jwelch5742 The trials and tribulations of a compulsive writer, Melvin Udall. After his homosexual neighbor is brutally beaten, he is entrusted to the care of the neighbor's dog, with a difficult relationship with a waitress to add on top of that. What develops is a weekend trip/triangle between these three individuals, and together they learn the true meaning of "the sunny side of life". hiphats <hiphats@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The entire movie takes place in New York City, except for a brief trip near the end to near Baltimore, Maryland. The protagonist, Melvin Udall ( Jack Nicholson ) is a cranky, bigoted, intelligent, wealthy writer suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). He is happy with his life, and spends most of his time inside his apartment, writing books. Fortunately for Melvin, his books are popular, for a reason that later becomes clear. He is working on his sixty-sixth book. Melvin finds himself bothered by Verdell ( Jill the Dog ), a small terrier owned by neighbor Simon Bishop ( Greg Kinnear ). Simon is an artistic painter living on the same floor. Simon is homosexual and somewhat passive. Simon has a good friend, Frank Sachs ( Cuba Gooding Jr. ), who is black and rather aggressive. Verdell escapes Simon's apartment, and runs around the hallway, annoying Melvin. Melvin comes out and tries to calm Verdell down. But Verdell stays out of reach, and further annoys Melvin by trying to pee by the wall. Finally, Melvin grabs Verdell and stuffs him down the laundry chute. Just as Melvin is about to open the door to his apartment, Simon comes out and asks about Verdell. Naturally, Melvin's highest priority is to get back to his comfortable routine, so he lies and says he knows nothing about Verdell. Simon is suspicious, but has to leave to answer an urgent phone call. He is having an exhibition of his paintings that evening, and has to see to final arrangements. Melvin naturally disappears into his apartment. At Simon's exhibition that evening, a friend walks up carrying Verdell. Simon is overjoyed to see Verdell. Their reunion is joyful and happy, with Verdell excited and licking Simon's face. Simon is so happy to see Verdell he lets Verdell continue to lick his face. Simon asks his friend where he found Verdell. His friend says, "In the dumpster, licking poop from baby diapers." Frank realizes what happened, and confronts Melvin about Verdell, verbally abusing him, but saying he won't tell Simon and that Melvin "owes him one". In the morning, Melvin goes out for his daily breakfast ritual. He walks to a particular nearby cafe. He sits at a particular table (and if other people are sitting there, he insults them until they leave). He insists on being served by a particular waitress, Carol Connelly ( Helen Hunt ). Since Melvin is OCD, Carol is simply part of the ritual, along with that particular table and that particular cafe. Also part of the morning ritual is bringing his own plastic utensils. Melvin happily continues his daily rituals. Then one morning, Carol does not show up to serve him his breakfast. Melvin is naturally very upset, so he proceeds in a very OCD-logical manner, by insulting the substitute waitress and telling the manager to get Carol. The manager throws him out. On the way out, Melvin bribes a bus boy to get Carol's last name, which he uses to find out where Carol lives. Melvin tries to restore his daily morning ritual, so he goes to Carol's apartment, who is surprised to see him. Melvin demands that she come back to the cafe and serve him breakfast. Carol says she cannot. Her son, Spencer ( Jesse James ), has congestion in his lungs so severe he can barely breathe. While there, Spencer's condition gets worse, and Carol leaves to take Spencer to the emergency room at the hospital, yet again. Carol and Spencer get in the cab that brought Melvin, and Melvin hops in the front seat. Melvin takes steps to bring back his normal daily routine. It happens that Melvin's editor has a husband, Martin Bettes ( Harold Ramis ), who is a medical doctor. Melvin convinces his editor that her husband should see Spencer. As Melvin leaves her office, the secretary (who was thrilled to see her favorite author) insists on knowing Melvin's secret of connecting so well with women. He turns, says, "I think of a man and then I take away reason and accountability." Then he leaves. The secretary is stunned. Carol comes home to see a car with 'MD' license plates parked in front of her apartment. Fearing something terrible has happened to Spencer, she rushes in, only to find Spencer and Carol's mother, Beverly Connelly ( Shirley Knight ) pleasantly visiting with Dr. Bettes. Dr. Bettes asks Carol which tests have been performed on Spencer, finding out that minimal emergency room tests have been done---no allergy tests, for example. Dr. Bettes orders some tests for Spencer, and tells the lab he wants the results later that day. One of the adults asks incredulously, "Do you really expect the results today???" Dr. Bettes replies, "Yes." He says he does not know now exactly what is wrong with Spencer, but he guarantees that Spencer will be feeling a lot better from now on. He gives Carol his business card, tells her it has his home phone number, and tells her to phone him if she has any concerns. Carol is overwhelmed. She assures Dr. Bettes that she is extremely grateful, and will do everything she can do to pay for his services. Dr. Bettes tells her that Melvin will be paying all the bills. Carol is shocked. That night, Carol cannot get to sleep, so she goes out clad only in a T-shirt, pants, and shoes. She grabs a bus and heads to Melvin's apartment. She bangs on the door, and waits. On the way to the apartment, it begins to rain heavily. At the last moment, Carol realizes her white T-shirt is see-thru as Melvin opens the door. She grabs the front of her T-shirt, striving for some degree of modesty. She blurts out that she knows why Melvin was spending all that money on her son, but that it is not going to work---she will never have sex with him. Melvin is flabbergasted. Carol leaves. Meanwhile, Frank has recruited a young man from a small ne'er-do-well gang as a model for Simon. The young man thinks he is going to pose nude, and starts shedding his clothes. Simon stops him. After modeling some natural poses, Simon finds one he likes, and proceeds to sketch him. They fall into a daily routine. The young man comes over, poses, and Simon sketches or paints him (always fully clothed). After a few weeks, while Simon is painting a portrait of the young man, the young man's gang sneaks into the apartment and starts stealing things. Verdell alerts to them and Simon confronts the intruders. The gang brutally beat Simon with things such as a table lamp. Simon winds up in the hospital. He is severely injured. Frank has to find a dog-sitter for Verdell, so he tries the neighbors. Finally, Frank remembers that Melvin "owes him one", and persuades Melvin to take Verdell. Surprisingly, Verdell takes a liking to Melvin, and Melvin responds by feeding Verdell bacon and other treats. When Melvin goes out walking, he is very careful to never step on a crack. Eventually Verdell follows suit, deliberately hopping over cracks. Melvin is thrilled. They settle into a routine where Melvin works on his computer while Verdell keeps him company on a cushion next to him, as well as walking the dog to breakfast. This is such a comfortable routine for Melvin that he quickly finishes his sixty-sixth book. After a few weeks, Simon comes home from the hospital and insists on taking Verdell back. Melvin is heartbroken, but is cheered up when Simon asks Melvin to take Verdell for a daily walk. It turns out Simon has no medical insurance. He has to spend all his money on hospital bills. His exhibition was a flop. He has no income. He cannot bring himself to resume working. He is very depressed. He has a list of friends he calls on for a loan, but they all turn him down. His last resort is to ask his estranged parents for money, but they never answer the phone, and live near Baltimore. Frank approaches Melvin, asking Melvin to drive Simon to Baltimore. Melvin resists, but eventually succumbs. Frank offers his convertible for the drive. Melvin is too uncomfortable to go on that trip by himself, so he convinces Carol to go with them (staying in separate rooms), using the leverage that since he helped Spencer, Carol should help him. Carol reluctantly gives in. The three of them leave on the road trip. They finally arrive near Baltimore late in the evening, and check into their hotel, into a three-bedroom suite. Carol phones home. She finds out that Spencer had played in his first soccer game, and had scored his first goal. Carol is thrilled! and wants to celebrate with someone. She tries to get Simon to go out with her, but he firmly refuses, so Carol informs Melvin that he is her date. While Melvin takes a shower, Carol quickly gets dressed in a red dress with small white polka dots. Carol waits for Melvin to get out of the shower. After a long time, Melvin finishes. They end up at a nice restaurant. Unfortunately, the maitre d insists that Melvin wear a coat and tie, but reassures him that he has some he is willing to lend to Melvin. He brings one out, but Melvin is skeptical. Carol says, "You dry clean those each time, right?" The maitre d says, "No." After seating Carol he runs to a nearby tailor, buys a suitcoat and tie, and comes running back. As they are being seated, Melvin complains that he has to wear a suitcoat and tie, while they let Carol in with an ordinary housedress. Carol is very offended. She insists that Melvin pay her a compliment or she'll leave. Eventually he says that when he is with her, she makes him want to be a better man. She is very flattered and replies that it's the best compliment she has ever received. She becomes very attentive, moves over right next to him, within kissing range, and asks him why he really wanted her to come on the trip. He mumbles and fumbles and finally says that one reason was that he hoped she would have sex with Simon. She is furious and immediately leaves him at the restaurant. Carol goes back to the hotel. She walks into Simon's room---the one with a big bathtub---and informs him she is going to take a bath, even though Simon is sitting there in the room. She draws the water, gets undressed (out of sight), wraps herself with a large towel, and comes back in sight, sitting on the bathtub with her back to Simon. As Carol is putting her hair up, she reaches a pose that Simon thinks is amazing. He tells her to hold the pose. At first reticent, she eventually loosens up, starting by dropping her towel a bit so Simon can see most of her bare back. Hours later, Melvin comes back to the suite to find Carol lying naked on the bed with Simon drawing sketch after sketch of her. Jealous, Melvin asks if she had sex with Simon. Carol says, "No. It was better than sex. He held me." With his artistic spirit back, Simon is no longer depressed. He phones his parents and is able to get through. He tells his mother he is doing fine, would like to reconnect with them, but it does not have to be now. He hangs up, happy. He knows he might lose his apartment, but he is sure he will be able to cope. They all go back to New York. While he was gone, he has lost his apartment. It turns out Melvin had told the landlord to move all of Simon's things into Melvin's spare bedroom. Simon comes and looks at the room, and is stupified both by how nice it is and by Melvin's willingness to let Simon live there. Simon talks Melvin into going after Carol. Melvin goes over to her apartment, and approaches her in his usual fumbling way. Carol resists, saying all she wants is a normal boyfriend. Carol's mother, who has been listening, comes out and says, "Everybody wants that, it doesn't exist". Carol reconsiders, and Melvin continues with Carol, even to the point of stepping on cracks. -------------------- Missing above: Where Melvin bursts into the office of his psychiatrist, Dr. Green ( Lawrence Kasdan ), insists on an immediate appointment, but is rebuffed. He also got annoyed when he noticed the doctor's office was changed, but seeing as how he hadn't seen the doctor in years, it's understandable. Where Carol writes a 10-page missive thanking Melvin for the help he has given Spencer, and insists on reading it to Melvin while he is eating is breakfast at the cafe. Of course, Melvin just wants Carol to stop disrupting his breakfast ritual and just go away. -------------------- Here are some of Melvin's obsessive compulsive behaviors not mentioned above. He washes his hands by opening a new bar of soap, washing his hands with it once, and throwing the nearly-new bar away. He puts his shoes on by sitting on the bed, and performing a back-and-forth dance around his shoes first. Coming into a room, he sometimes locks and unlocks of the door several times. (Note: I only saw the movie once, and just enjoyed it, rather than taking notes to write a synopsis. So feel free to make any appropriate changes.) 
 The General's Daughter (1999)651) When the daughter of a well-known and well-respected base commander is murdered, an undercover detective is summoned to look into the matter and finds a slew of cover-ups at West Point. The naked corpse of Captain Elisabeth Campbell, daughter of Lieutenant General "Fighting Joe" Campbell, is found staked out on the urban warfare range of Fort MacCallum. Army CID detectives and ex-lovers Paul Brenner and Sara Sunhill are called in to investigate, and find themselves wrapped up in a maelstrom of sexual impropriety and misguided face-saving. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> When a general's daughter, an army captain in psychological operations, is found murdered, two warrant officers are brought in to investigate. The young woman was staked down with tent stakes, strangled, and presumably raped. But what the investigators find is even more bizarre, relating back to her days at West Point and involving the general himself and his aide. The daughter's one confidant also ends up as an apparent suicide and is assumed to be the culprit. Cover-ups and sexual scandals rampage throughout the film. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Paul Brenner, an investigator for the Army's Criminal Investigation Division, joins with his former flame Sara Sunhill, also an investigator, to uncover the truth behind the apparently ritualistic murder of a woman officer who also happens to be the daughter of the Commanding General of Fort McCallum, Georgia. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> Military police detectives Paul Brenner and Sarah Sunhill investigate a horrifically bizarre rape and murder of a respected female Pysch-Ops officer who is also the daughter of a renowned retiring general. Yet the case becomes more complicated when the autopsy showed no evidence of sexual assault. Furthermore, that is but the beginning of the twists when they discover the victim's secret life, her past and a disturbing determination by senior staff to keep this investigation short and quiet. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The body of Captain Elisabeth Campbell (Leslie Stefanson), a rising military star who teaches psychological warfare, has been found tied down to the ground in the middle of an urban warfare training field at Fort MacCallum in Georgia. As a result, the base's head MP, Colonel Bill Kent (Timothy Hutton), has called on his old friend, Criminal Investigation Division (CID) Warrant Officer Paul Brenner (John Travolta) to investigate. Brenner discovers that Elisabeth's father is legendary three-star General Joe Campbell (James Cromwell), Brenner's former commanding officer, and Joe is currently a potential Vice Presidential candidate. Joe is willing to cooperate in any fashion, but both Joe and his right-hand man, Colonel George Fowler (Clarence Williams III), want Brenner to do things "the Army way" -- that is, keep it quiet -- and they inform Brenner that he has 36 hours before the FBI will take over the case. Brenner discovers that the CID rape investigator assigned to the case is Sarah Sunhill (Madeleine Stowe), a woman that Brenner was once involved with. As the two investigate the case, they search Elisabeth's home, and discover a secret room full of equipment that's used for kinky sex. There are also video tapes. It seems that Elisabeth had been having sex with a lot of the men who are stationed at Fort MacCallum, and she had been videotaping it. Sarah heads out to the car, and while Paul is on his way out of the house, he's attacked by a man who steals evidence from him. Later, Paul and Sarah talk to Private First-Class Robbin (Ariyan A. Johnson), who was on guard duty in a tower on the night of the murder. According to Robbin, Elisabeth was like an advocate for women in the army -- Robbin explains that there's a lot of stuff that women have to put up with in the army, and that a lot of men don't like the fact that there are women in the army. Elisabeth encouraged women, and stood up for them, and even organized meetings for female enlisted. Robbin tells Elisabeth that she saw car headlights at the murder scene three times on the night of the murder -- once at 3:00am, once at 3:30am, and once at 4:00am. Later, at a bar, Sarah tells Paul that Elisabeth got a degree at the United States Military Academy (aka Army) in West Point, New York, and that something happened to Elisabeth in her sophomore year 7 years ago, but Sarah doesn't know what it is. That night, while going over the murder scene by herself, Sarah is attacked. Paul suspects that Elisabeth's commanding officer, Colonel Robert Moore (James Woods), one of the men that Elisabeth slept with, might've somehow been involved in the murder, so he arrests Robert, and demands that Robert tell him what happened to Elisabeth in her sophomore year at West Point, but Robert refuses to say what it is. After that, Paul and Sarah confront Captain Jake Elby (Boyd Kestner). It was Jake who attacked Sarah. Jake is another man that Elisabeth slept with, and he didn't want his superiors to know that. Jake tells Sarah and Paul that Elisabeth and Joe were not close to each other. Jake says that Elisabeth even slept with Deputy Wes Yardley (Chris Snyder), the son of local police chief Yardley (Daniel von Bargen). Jake says that Elisabeth had mentioned that she was conducting a field experiment in psychological warfare, and that her enemy was Joe. Sarah and Paul go to the jail to talk to Robert, who has been released by Bill. That news sends Paul and Sarah to Robert's house, where they find Robert dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Later, forensics expert Cal Seiver (Rick Dial), who did the forensics work on Elisabeth's murder scene, tells Paul and Sarah that Elisabeth was not raped on the night of her murder. Fowler tells Paul that he wants the case closed immediately, with Robert named as Elisabeth's killer, but Paul refuses to back down. Sarah gets Elisabeth's psychological report from when she was a student at West Point, and also gets some pages from Elisabeth's medical file. That leads Paul and Sarah to decide to go to West Point to interview Elisabeth's former psychiatrist, Colonel Donald Slesinger (John Beasley). Donald tells them that 7 years ago in her sophomore year, Elisabeth was one of the academy's top students, and that she outdid a lot of the men during training runs. At the end of Elisabeth's sophomore year, there was a big nighttime exercise, and there were thousands of students involved in it. Elisabeth got separated from her group, and she found herself with about a half dozen men. They tied her down, exactly the way she was tied down on the night of her murder, and after tying Elisabeth down, they severely beat her up, and they raped her almost to death, all night long, taking turns. They threatened to kill Elisabeth if she talked. Elisabeth was hospitalized and treated for venereal disease, and it was discovered that the rape did not get her pregnant. No conception had happened. Donald tells Paul and Sarah where his office key is hidden, and then tells them to check Elisabeth's file, which gives the name of Captain Bransford (Brad Beyer). That day, 36 hours after Elisabeth's murder, Sarah confronts Bransford, who was with the men who raped Elisabeth 7 years ago. Bransford admits that he tried to stop the rape, but the men who raped her hated her venomously. They hated that she was smarter than they were, and they hated being out there with a woman. Bransford did everything he could, but he couldn't make them stop raping Elisabeth. Bransford tells Sarah that the rapists were his recon squad, and that the names of the recon squad members are in the academy's yearbook from that year. Paul discovers that Robert had placed a call to Joe on the night of the murder. Paul goes to Joe's house, and confronts Joe, who admits that he was stationed in Berlin, Germany at the time of the rape at West Point. Joe went to West Point as soon as he was told about the rape, but before arriving at the academy, Joe met with his friend, General Sonnenberg (John Frankenheimer), at a hotel close to the academy. Fowler was also at the meeting. General Sonnenberg told Joe to tell Elisabeth to forget about the rape so the academy wouldn't look bad. Paul tells Joe that Sarah has the names of the rapists, who will be facing up to 20 years each in prison. Paul also tells Joe that the recreation of the rape on the night of Elisabeth's murder was Elisabeth's idea, because she had declared psychological war on Joe. First, Elisabeth placed a call to Joe to be at the base no later than 3:30am. At 3:00am that morning, with the first set of headlights that Private Robbin saw belonging to Robert, Elisabeth had Robert tie her down in the same position the rapists placed her in 7 years ago, so Joe would see Elisabeth in that position in person, because she wanted Joe to know what he callously helped cover up at West Point. Joe, who knew that Elisabeth had been sleeping with most of the men on the base, had callously given Elisabeth an ultimatum -- resign her commission or agree to some sort of therapy, and that if she rejected both of those choices, Joe would instruct the staff judge advocate to investigate Elisabeth and draw up charges for a general court martial. On the night of the murder, at about 3:30am, Joe, whose car had the second set of headlights Private Robbin saw, went to the base to get an answer to the ultimatum, and found Elisabeth tied down. Joe callously got angry, left the base, and called Fowler. Fowler's car had the third set of headlights that Private Robbin saw at 4:00am. By the time Fowler arrived at the base at 4:00am, Elisabeth had already been killed. Fowler left. Fowler explains that when he and Joe discovered that Elisabeth had been sleeping with a lot of the men on the base, it was too late for official action. Joe and Fowler would have had to ask for the resignations of Elisabeth and all of the men Elisabeth slept with, and then Joe and Fowler themselves would've had to resign. Fowler vows to always be loyal to Joe, no matter what. This conversation with Joe and Fowler leads Paul to the realization that Elisabeth's killer is Colonel Bill Kent, the base's head MP. Bill was in love with Elisabeth, who didn't want him, because she was afraid to trust men -- an effect that was caused by the rape at West Point. Bill had become obsessed with Elisabeth. Sometime between 3:30am and 4:00am on the night of the murder, Bill found her tied down, and when she spit in his face and angrily rejected his advances, and rejected his attempts to untie her, Bill became angry, and strangled her to death. Paul races to the murder scene, where he confronts Bill, who is holding Sarah hostage. Bill has buried a system of mines that work as follows: One man trips the primary mine, and shrapnel hits everyone within range. But just as Bill steps on a mine, Paul gets Sarah out of the way, and the mine explodes and kills Bill. Paul decides to court martial Joe, who has always been trying to selfishly further his own career at Elisabeth's expense. Joe is found guilty of his involvement in the cover-up of Elisabeth's rape, and Joe subsequently withdraws from public life. On the screen, we see a message that says "Today, nearly 200,000 women serve on active duty in the military services." 
 Unbreakable (2000)651) A man learns something extraordinary about himself after a devastating accident. David Dunn (Willis) is taking a train from New York City back home to Philadelphia after a job interview that didn't go well when his car jumps the tracks and collides with an oncoming engine, with David the only survivor among the 131 passengers on board. Astoundingly, David is not only alive, he hardly seems to have been touched. As David wonders what has happened to him and why he was able to walk away, he encounters a mysterious stranger, Elijah Prince (Samuel L. Jackson), who explains to David that there are a certain number of people who are "unbreakable" -- they have remarkable endurance and courage, a predisposition toward dangerous behavior, and feel invincible but also have strange premonitions of terrible events. Is David "unbreakable"? And if he is, what are the physical and psychological ramifications of this knowledge? Engulfed in perpetual sadness, David Dunn--a former football player and now a security guard with an unsuccessful marriage--emerges unscathed from a devastating train crash that claimed the lives of 131 passengers. Before long, Dunn's polar opposite--the brittle-boned comic-book art dealer, Elijah Price--approaches the tragedy's sole survivor, utterly convinced that luck had nothing to do with his miraculous survival; moreover, the mysterious stranger has a preposterous theory which explains the condition of the man whose bones never break. However, do life's antitheses define one's destiny? Above all--if there's a connection between Price and Dunn--is David, indeed, "unbreakable"? Nick Riganas Security Guard David Dunn miraculously survives a catastrophic train crash outside Philadelphia. Not only is he the sole survivor out of 132 passengers, he also is completely unharmed. A little later, comic book specialist Elijah Price contacts him to confront David with an incredible theory: Elijah, who has been nicknamed "Mr. Glass" due to his more than fragile bones, thinks that David has got all which he himself lacks. The two of them "seem to be linked by a curve, but sitting on opposite ends". First, David does not believe the strange man, but every single thing he had said proves to be true: David has never ever been hurt or sick in his life, his physical strength is larger than normal and he has a skill which others don't. Slowly, David begins to discover the shocking truth behind Mr. Price's assumptions. But after all, David's fate is not only to find his real place in the world. It also is about proving Elijah's theory of his own existence. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> David Dunn's marriage is crumbling, and he's thinking of moving to New York. Then when he's coming home from a job interview, his train derails and he is the only survivor. More than that, he doesn't have a scratch on him. David is contacted by Elijah Price, who runs a comic book art gallery and suffers from a genetic condition that makes his bones very easy to break. Elijah has been a comic book fan all his life, and has developed a theory that they are what remains of an ancient system of storytelling, and the superheroes they are about are based on real people. Elijah believes David may be one of these people. He has hardly ever been injured or sick, and he has tremendous strength, plus an uncanny ability to tell if someone is about to or has done something bad. David doesn't know what to think about the theory, or Elijah himself. However, events soon conspire to convince him he may be a superhero after all. rmlohner Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens as we see a baby being born in west Philadelphia. This is Elijah Price (Samuel L. Jackson). Elijah is so brittle that he is born with broken arms and legs. As he grows older, he is taunted at school and called Mr. Glass by his classmates since he is so fragile. As an adult, he runs a successful high priced comic book art gallery specializing in original drawings of super heroes. David Dunn (Bruce Willis) is a security guard at the local college stadium. His marriage is crumbling and in fact, his wife, Audrey Dunn (Robin Wright Penn), sleeps downstairs in their son's room, and David sleeps upstairs with his son (Spencer Treat Clark). On his way back home from a job interview in New York, David's train malfunctions and derails, killing everyone on board except David. He doesn't even have a scratch. After the memorial service for the crash victims, David finds a note on his windshield. It's from a store named "Limited Edition" (Elijah's store) and the note asks, "How many days of your life have you been sick?" David asks his boss and his wife but no one can ever remember him being sick. David takes his son to "Limited Edition" where he meets Elijah. Elijah explains his theory to David... If Elijah can be born with brittle bones and very easily hurt, shouldn't there be someone the exact opposite? Elijah has researched every disaster to find a sole survivor without a scratch but has had no luck. After years of searching, he finally has found one in David Dunn. David thinks it's interesting but really just thinks Elijah is nuts. Back at the stadium, David gets a call that there is someone there trying to sneak in and asking for David. It's Elijah and he starts explaining his comic book theories to David. Theories about everyday men being super heroes, having powers they haven't yet realized and so on. David bumps into a guy in line and tells the security at the end of the line to start frisking people. They watch as the guy David bumped in to, sees everyone being frisked and leaves the line. Elijah asks David what that was all about and David tells him that when he bumped him, he had an image of a certain kind of handgun. David goes back to work but Elijah follows the guy David bumped into. They go down a long flight of stairs, Elijah falls shattering his leg and breaking several other bones but the last thing he sees is the man's handgun, just as David described it. Elijah was right, David does have some kind of special gift. Back at home, David is working out in the basement with his weight set. His son believed everything Elijah said about David being a hero with a special gift. David still doesn't believe. David asks his son to take some weight off but without him knowing, he puts more weight on. David lifts 250 lbs, the most he's ever done. His son continues putting on more weight until David is now up to 350lbs. He has had all this strength all along that he never knew. Elijah needs his leg rehabbed and his nurse is Audrey, David's wife. Elijah asks her questions about her and David and she explains to him how when they were going out, David was a star football player but got in a car accident due to icy roads. David never played football again. It was because of that, that she and David were married. Had he continued to play, she knows they would have grown apart. Back at work, David gets a call from his son's school that his son has been hurt. His son had hoped that some of David's super hero traits had rubbed off on him. He tried to protect someone that was being picked on and instead got hurt in the process. The school nurse remembers David from when he was at that same school. In fact, it was because of David that they have strict rules about the pool. It seems that David had been picked on near the pool when he was a student there. He fell in and was left in the pool to drown. He was found at the bottom of the pool but somehow survived. David tells this story to Elijah, that in fact, David can get hurt. Elijah tells him that every super hero has a weakness. David's kryptonite is water. The water from the pool and the water from the icy roads. David's wife decides that him surviving the train crash is a sign that maybe they should give their marriage another try. They go out on a "date" and he explains to her that he felt their marriage was over when he stopped waking her up after he had a bad dream. The next night, David breaks into the train station and examines some of the wrecked trains. He starts recalling his own car crash from years earlier and remembers that he wasn't hurt at all. In fact, he had to use his superhuman strength to rescue Audrey from the flaming vehicle. He goes to Elijah and tells him he is right, he has never been sick or injured in any way. Elijah tells him that it's no coincidence that David is in the security field. He needs to go to where people are and protect them. It's a rainy day and David, wearing a hooded rain poncho heads to Penn station. Hundreds of people are passing by. Whenever someone bumps into David he has a vision of that person doing something evil. One is a jewel thief, another a rapist, but when the maintenance man bumps into him, David gets a horrible vision. The vision is of the man going to someone's home and killing the homeowner. David, still wearing the poncho now looking more and more like a super hero's cape, follows the guy as he leaves work. The guy goes to a nice house in a nice neighborhood. David sneaks in the back and finds the dead homeowner inside. He goes upstairs and rescues two sisters tied up in their bathroom. He goes into another room and finds the mother tied up. The window is open and David looks out. When he turns back around, there is the maintenance worker who pushes David out the window. David lands on the backyard pool that has its winter cover on. Suddenly, the cover starts collapsing with David's weight and he gets all tangled up underwater with the cover. He is drowning again but the two sisters force a pole down to him and David grabs it and is saved. David heads back upstairs and wrestles with the guy and finally kills him by breaking his neck. The next scene is David back at home, hanging up his cape, er um.. poncho, and carrying his sleeping wife upstairs to their bed. She wakes up and asks him what is wrong. "I had a bad dream" he says. In the morning while having breakfast, David slides the newspaper over to his son and holds a finger to his mouth to shush him. The headline tells of a mystery hero that saved the two girls. The picture is an artist's rendition of what the girls saw. It shows a superhero-like figure with a hood and cape. The boy looks up at his dad and David just smiles and nods. David goes to Elijah's gallery where Elijah is having a huge gathering for a special show. He and David go to Elijah's back office so they can discuss what had happened. Elijah has been in a wheelchair since his fall. He is real proud of David and they shake hands. Suddenly... Just like Christopher Walken in Stephen King's "The Dead Zone", while shaking hands, David has a vision of Elijah setting a building on fire, another vision of Elijah causing a plane crash and finally, a vision of Elijah exiting the driving compartment of David's train that crashed. David looks around Elijah's office and is horrified at what he sees. Newspaper clippings of hundreds of disasters from around the world. Elijah is the mastermind behind all these events and has staged them for his own selfish benefit. Just like in the comics, every evil villian needs a worthy adversary and Elijah has finally found his. David backs away in horror as Elijah, who in his wheelchair now looks more like Professor X of the X-men, proclaims... "They call me Mr. Glass!" Just before the final credits, a message appears that says that David contacted the authorities and Elijah is now in a mental institution. 