nm0004867:

 Cabin Fever (2002)431) Five college graduates rent a cabin in the woods and begin to fall victim to a horrifying flesh-eating virus, which attracts the unwanted attention of the homicidal locals. College friends Paul, Karen, Bert, Marcy and Jeff rent an isolated cabin in the woods to spend a week together. When they arrive, a man contaminated with a weird disease asks them for help, but they panic and burn the man, who falls into the water reservoir and dies. The whole group, except Karen, makes a pact to drink only beer the rest of the week without knowing where the dead body is. When Karen drinks tap water and gets the disease, the group begins their journey to hell. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An offbeat horror tale about a group of five college friends on vacation at a remote mountain cabin when one contracts a flesh-eating virus. As it spreads among the friends, their true feelings and personalities emerge as they struggle to survive the virus and each other. <samfroz@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A man (Arie Verveen) is walking in the woods and comes upon a dog that he believes to be sleeping. After poking it a few times, he pulls the dog up and notices that the dog's flesh is rotted, spurting blood on him in the process. Meanwhile, five college friends, Jeff (Joey Kern), Marcy (Cerina Vincent), Paul (Rider Strong), Karen (Jordan Ladd), and Bert (James DeBello) are driving in a van through rural Alabama on their way to the woods for they have rented a cabin in the woods. Along the way, they stop at a local convenience store for food where a young boy (Matthew Helms) outside the store bites Paul on the hand. The locals standing nearby look at the outsiders in their town with suspicion and scorn. When they arrive at the cabin, Jeff and Marcy immediately retire to their bedroom and have sex. Paul and Karen go for a swim in the lake while Bert goes hunting for squirrels in the woods. He accidentally shoots the man who discovered the rotting dog in the beginning of the film while hunting whom he mistook for a squirrel. By this time, the man's face has become badly rotted. Scared, Bert shoots at him again in order to repel him and runs back to the cabin. That evening, the five kids build a bonfire and share ghost stories with each other. They soon encounter a local college kid named Grim (Eli Roth) who approaches them with his dog, Dr. Mambo. Though he acts a little eccentric, they allow him to join in when he offers them marijuana. However, once it starts raining, he leaves to take care of his camping equipment and the group retreats into the house. Later on that night, they hear a knocking at the door and discover it's the diseased man that Bert shot before. Desperate for help, the hermit comes after the group. He tries to drive away in their car, but vomits blood all over the windscreen and the seats of the car. After the man exits the car, Paul sets-light to the infected man and he runs aflame back into the woods where he dies in the lake. In the morning, a young deputy, Winston Olsen (Giuseppe Andrews), shows up at the cabin and promises Paul he'll call a tow truck. Jeff and Bert walk off down the lake shore when they come to a woman's house to ask for a ride into town. They soon discover that the woman was related to the hermit they killed so they leave quickly. During this time, Karen drinks a glass of water from the lake contaminated by the infected man and begins to feel ill. She goes to bed to rest. Paul later discovers rotten boils on her thighs. Karen is then quarantined in the tool shed outside. Fearing that they will soon also become infected with whatever is ailing Karen as well as the man the night before, the others begin to argue with one another over what they should do about their situation. The next day, they discover Karen's condition is deteriorating fast. Bert also realizes that he himself is infected with the virus. Bert drives off to find a doctor. When Paul and Marcy insist on helping Karen, Jeff runs off into the forest with the remaining beer (the only reliable drinking source). Marcy yells at him as he flees, upset that he has abandoned her. Meanwhile, Bert drives to the convenience store that the group visited earlier pleading for a doctor. He shows increasing signs of infection. The young retarded redneck boy on the bench then runs over and bites Bert again, thereby infecting himself. His father (Hal Courtney) comes outside and, rather than helping Bert, tries to kill him. Bert speeds off and the father grabs two of his redneck friends (Richard Boone and Tim Parati) who arm themselves with rifles to go after Bert to kill him. Now alone in the cabin, Paul finds Marcy sitting despondently on her bed. He tries to reassure her, but she reiterates that they are all doomed to get sick, to the point where "all you want to do is grab the person next to you and to have sex with because you know you're gonna be dead soon, anyway." She seduces Paul and they begin having wild sex. Paul expresses concern that they aren't using a condom. Marcy brushes him off without heed by saying "Don't worry, I'm healthy!" and continues riding him. After they finish having sex, Paul worries about whether Marcy has the disease or not. He goes into the bathroom and attempts to disinfect his penis by pouring Listerine over it. While washing her face, Marcy discovers, with worry, some red marks on her back where Paul grabbed her in the heat of their sexual encounter. A little later, Paul tells Marcy that he's going to bring back Jeff so that they can all walk back to civilization. Marcy urges him to stay, but Paul seems uncomfortable around her after sleeping with her and insists that he "has to get out of" the cabin. Now completely alone, Marcy has a bath and weeps. The marks Paul made on her back are shown to be developing into gruesome wounds like Karen's. Paul heads over to the local reservoir, and notices a body floating in the lake. He climbs down the ladder and moves the body with a stick. He sees that it is the infected hermit. The dock's ladder rots and gives way, causing Paul to fall into the infected water, ensuring that he is definitely infected by this point. Back at the cabin, Marcy is shown shaving her legs in the bathtub and notices they are beginning to deteriorate as the skin begins gorily peeling off. She runs outside, upset, and is attacked by a now infected Dr. Mambo. Paul returns to find Marcy's body ripped to pieces and Dr. Mambo eating a motionless Karen's face. The dog attempts to attack him too. However, Paul kills him with Bert's rifle. Now alone, Paul goes to check on Karen whose skin has now almost fully rotted off; she is barely alive. To end her suffering, he clubs and impales her with a shovel and then runs for help. Just then, Bert struggles back to the cabin with the rednecks in pursuit. When Bert's pursuers open the door, Bert tries to shoot one of the men but is killed by a shotgun round. Paul comes and successfully kills the store owner and his friends. After fleeing the cabin, Paul decides to look for Jeff. He checks a cave, thinking Jeff is inside, but only finds Grim's dead body. Paul then runs back to Bert's pursuers' car and drives into town. Along the way he slams head-on into a deer, damaging the windshield and the car. He continues on foot until he sees a roadside party thrown by local teens with Winston in attendance. Winston asks Paul about the tow truck just as a police officer gets on the radio warning Winston about Paul and his group whom are infected with a strange disease and that they are to be shot on sight. After all of the party attendees leave, Paul knocks Winston out with a stick. Paul is picked-up by a passing trucker and brought to the hospital. The sheriff and doctors interrogate him while he is lying in a hospital bed, trying to discover the source of the infection, but Paul is slightly dazed and unable to answer all their questions. When he is left alone, Paul pulls up his hospital gown to reveal the tell-tale marks of the disease on his belly. The doctors determine they are not equipped to handle the situation and that he should be transported to a larger, nearby regional hospital. His driver turns out to be Winston. Paul tries to warn him about the water in the reservoir but he can't speak well and only says "water". Winston says he will take him to get water. The next morning, Jeff comes out of the woods where he was hiding and makes his way back to the cabin. As he looks around, horrified that his friends are dead, he is suddenly shot to death by the redneck police. The murderous sheriff and his men take Jeff's dead body and pile it on top of the others, which are burned in a fire pit. While unconscious, Paul is dumped into a stream by Winston and left to die. Paul's body infects the water in the stream. Further down are two kids collecting water for their lemonade stand. They sell some lemonade to the sheriff, his deputies and more locals at the store. A natural spring water truck leaves the store with bottles of infected water in the truck. 
 Scary Movie 2 (2001)431) Four teens are tricked by Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) into visiting a haunted house for a school project. A group of teens including Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris) and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall) are invited to spend a night in Hell House. Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) has convinced them it is for a school project, but the night won't go past quietly. Master Kane (Richard Moll) is long dead, but still plans on enjoying himself, especially with Alex Monday (Tori Spelling). When things really start getting bad, the gang must work together to find a way to capture this ghostly menace. Film_Fan Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne) is possessed, and two Priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter), must drive the demon out, but the exorcism doesn't go as planned. A year later, survivors Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans), Shorty (Marlon Wayans), and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), are at college, trying to forget the incidents that occurred last Halloween. Cindy is falling for Buddy (Christopher Masterson), who loves to give wedgies, and Ray is still confused about his sexuality. Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his paralyzed assistant, Dwight (David Cross), have decided to do a research study at Hell House, the house where the bad exorcism took place, and disguise it as a sleep disorder study. Chaos starts as soon as Cindy arrives and meets creepy caretaker Hanson (Chris Elliott), who has a strange hand. But the house has some deep dark secrets that the group has to solve, even if they are scary or disgusting. Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The sequel to Scary Movie begins with a parody of The Exorcist, in which Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne), is possessed and two priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter), must drive the demon out. The exorcism doesn't go as planned, and a chain of The Exorcist-like vomiting occurs. Megan insults McFeely's mother and he shoots her in the head. One year later, Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans) and Shorty Meeks (Marlon Wayans) are at college, trying to live new lives, after the events in the previous movie. (Although all of them died in Scary Movie, in a deleted scene, Brenda says her death was a near death experience, and Cindy was never officially declared dead.) Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a dorky girl, Alex Monday (Tori Spelling); Ray, who is still confused by his sexuality, has two new friends, Tommy (James DeBello) and Buddy (Christopher Masterson); while Shorty is still the same stoner he was in the last movie. The story begins when a college teacher, Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his wheelchair-bound assistant Dwight (David Cross) plan to study the paranormal activity at Hell House, with the clueless teens as bait and for Oldman to get action with the college girls. Newcomer Theo (Kathleen Robertson) also becomes part of the study group. When Cindy arrives at the Hell House, she meets a talking Amazon parrot who is vulgar and slanderous, and the caretaker, Hanson (Chris Elliott), who has great people skills and a genetically malformed little hand. After some weird incidents on that night (Cindy being beaten up by a cat, a toy clown attacking Ray after he had sex with Brenda, Shorty getting attacked and smoked by a weed-monster, and Alex having sex with a ghost and it "humps" her. The teens finally learn about the professor's plan and try to escape the mansion. The professor gets killed by a female ghost with disfigured features as the ghost of Hell House's owner, Hugo Kane, seals all exits of the manor to prevent the surviving occupants from escaping. Realizing that killing the ghost is the only way out, the teens are equipped with several technological devices by Dwight that serve to harass and injure the spectral enemy. They are pursued all throughout the mansion. Cindy is chased by an undead skeleton and Brenda rips his bones. Shorty meets the ghost who killed the professor but puts a paper bag on her face and has sex with her. Hanson gets possessed, and Cindy, Brenda and Theo parody Charlie's Angels to get him, but end up beaten up. Eventually, they use Cindy as bait to lure the Kane ghost to a device that ultimately destroys him. Two months later, taking care of the parrot though he despises her for talking too much, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship and go out on a walk until Buddy disappears without notice as she looks up to see Hanson serving at the hot dog stand. She screams "No!" while Hanson screams "Yes!". Hanson is instantly hit by a car driven by Shorty, who is receiving oral sex by the female ghost...with a bag over her head to hide her facial deformities. 
 Detroit Rock City (1999)Summaries In 1978, four rebellious teenagers try to scam their way into a KISS concert. Four members of a high school band called Mystery do everything they can to attend a KISS concert in Detroit. In order to make it to the show they must steal, cheat, strip, deal with an anti-rock mom and generally do whatever it takes to see the band that has inspired them to be musicians. an Urban Achiever It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 American Pie (1999)431) Four teenage boys enter a pact to lose their virginity by prom night. Jim, Oz, Finch and Kevin are four friends who make a pact that before they graduate they will all lose their virginity. The hard job now is how to reach that goal by prom night. Whilst Oz begins singing to grab attention and Kevin tries to persuade his girlfriend, Finch tries any easy route of spreading rumors and Jim fails miserably. Whether it is being caught on top of a pie or on the Internet, Jim always ends up with his trusty sex advice from his father. Will they achieve their goal of getting laid by prom night? Or will they learn something much different? Film_Fan At a high-school party, four friends (Jim, Kevin, Finch, and Oz) find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to try to be the first to "score." And of course, the senior prom is their last best chance. As the fateful date draws near, the boys wonder who among them will get lucky. More importantly, do they really want to do it at all? Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. American Pie, set in the year 1999, focuses on a group of four close friends in their senior year at the fictional East Great Falls High School in west Michigan; Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Chris "Oz" Ostreicher (Chris Klein), Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who is better known by his surname. Kevin is confident and charming and is dating his long-term girlfriend, Vicky Lathum (Tara Reid); Oz is a laid-back member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim is socially awkward and sexually nave and suffers pressure and questionable advice from his father (Eugene Levy); while Finch is a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate who plays golf and wears sports jackets. The four have very differing personalities, but share a common characteristic; they are all virgins, in sharp contrast to popular lacrosse player and arrogant jock Steve Stifler (Seann William Scott), whose wild, extravagant house parties they are regularly invited to. While at one of Stifler's such parties, the four each attempt to score with various girls at the party with very limited success. Oz is humiliated by an older girl, Finch is too late for the party and Jim attempts to talk to Czechoslovakian exchange student Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), but fails completely. Kevin receives fellatio from Vicky, but she overhears him complaining about it to Jim and promptly dumps him. The next morning, the four wake up hungover and depressed, to find ultra-nerd Chuck "Sherminator" Sherman (Chris Owen) seeing off a pretty girl, and are left shocked and frustrated when The Sherminator claims that he lost his virginity to her the same night. Kevin decides to take a stand and defiantly declares that the four will make a pact, to lose their virginity before the school prom and graduation. Later, while eating breakfast in a restaurant, they toast each other to 'the next step' and formulate individual plans to achieve sexual success. Kevin immediately sets out to win Vicky back, but has to work very hard to even get a chance with her, and begins to seek advice from others. Vicky's best friend Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) reveals to Kevin that, despite his thinking otherwise, Vicky has never felt an orgasm from Kevin, and that he has to work on that above everything else. His older brother Tom (Casey Affleck) then passes onto Kevin the secret of 'The Bible' - a manual of love and sex compiled by various East Great Falls students over several decades. Both Jessica and Tom divulge their advice only after Kevin stresses he wants to make Vicky happy, rather than simply taking advantage of her for his pact. Kevin finally seizes a chance to make things up with Vicky, and performs oral sex on her in her bedroom using his new techniques. Vicky experiences an intense orgasm and is driven wild by Kevin, winning him the promise of sex at the prom after-party in the process. Meanwhile, Oz joins the school's jazz choir in an effort to lose his stereotyped reputation as a muscleheaded lacrosse jock and find a loving girlfriend there. He is mocked relentlessly at first by his friends and the other choir members, but soon wins the attention of Heather (Mena Suvari), one of the choir singers who also suffers being stereotyped as a priss. She swiftly asks him out to the prom with her, but changes her mind upon seeing Stifler and his friends mocking her, and assuming Oz was doing the same. A desperate Oz volunteers to become lead vocalist alongside Heather to try and regain her trust. He succeeds when she catches him tirelessly rehearsing alone in the theatre, and pays him a visit after-hours at the sandwich bar he works at to reconcile. Their relationship is dealt another blow when Oz realizes his last ever lacrosse game for East Great Falls clashes with the choir competition, but a frustrated Oz decides to abandon the game halfway-through and rushes over to the music hall, where he makes it just in time. He performs the long-awaited duet with Heather to rapturous applause from the audience, including Kevin and Jim themselves. After Oz describes third base to Jim as "like warm apple pie", a curious Jim temporarily loses his sanity and has full missionary sex with a freshly-baked apple pie left on the table by his mother (giving the film its eponymous title). His father walks in on the act and is left stunned and disappointed by his son's actions. Now almost without hope, Jim has a stroke of luck when Nadia, seemingly at random, asks him if she can come round to his house and study with him. After dropping the crucial detail that she'll be coming straight from ballet practice and will need to change, Stifler persuades Jim to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch Nadia stripping together over the internet. Upon Nadia's arrival, Jim sets up the webcam and dashes across the street to join Kevin and Finch at Kevin's house. Against expectation, an almost-naked Nadia discovers Jim's pornography collection and begins to passionately masturbate on his bed, causing a riotous reaction from Stifler, Kevin and Finch on the other end, as well as Stifler's young brother Matt (Eli Marienthal). Kevin and Finch force Jim to go back and seduce her while the moment lasts, which ends with Nadia forcing Jim to strip and dance for her while she reads his pornography. By now, various groups of East Great Falls seniors, including members of Blink 182, are watching the live action in excited anticipation, as Sherman reveals that Jim accidentally addressed the webcam link to everybody in the entire school directory. Nadia then seduces Jim and sits him down next to her on the bed, but unfortunately, he prematurely ejaculates, disappointing Nadia and completely grossing out his live web audience. A desperate Jim pleads for Nadia not to go and wins her around, but when Nadia takes her panties off, he involuntarily ejaculates again upon touching her clitoris. Nadia swiftly exits, leaving Jim a nervous wreck. The next day, Jim has become the laughing stock of the entire high school and is left despondent and depressed, especially upon hearing that Nadia has been immediately sent back home to Czechoslovakia by her sponsors after the incident. However, he senses luck when unpopular band geek Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) randomly begins to talk to him. Upon revealing she knows nothing about the webcam incident, he seizes the opportunity to ask her out to the prom with him, which she gleefully accepts. Finch at first appears to have no plan, but Kevin's suspicions arise when corroborative rumours begin flying around the school that Finch has legendary sexual prowess, has had relations with older women, and that he even knocked out Stifler in a fight. Kevin investigates and discovers that Finch paid Jessica $200 to spread the rumours under the pretense of truth. Finch quickly becomes the most talked-about and most awe-inspiring senior in the whole school, with hordes of girls desperate to go to the prom with him. However, Stifler, angry about the rumours against him, spikes Finch's mochaccino with laxatives, and promptly dupes him into using the girls' restroom, where Finch suffers explosive diarrhea in the presence of several senior girls. Afterwards, he emerges to a torrent of mockery, laughter and abuse from a hysterical crowd of seniors, with Stifler at the helm, and is left humiliated, broken and completely dateless. The prom night finally comes around. Finch is the only one of the four who attends alone, but Jessica, also alone and feeling guilty for taking his money, offers to dance with him, even giving him a brand new hip flask as a gift for his troubles. The prom itself is cheap, tacky and uneventful and derided by most of the students, but a cocky, bragging Kevin sees it as a good time to query his friends for a "status check" on their pact. Oz and Finch are disinterested, and a burnt-out Jim lets loose and rages at Kevin for causing all the pressure, insisting that sex isn't at all as important as they previously made out. The outburst shatters Kevin's bravado and makes him wonder whether things will truly go as planned between him and Vicky. However, their spirits are all collectively lifted, when Chuck Sherman's partner at the prom gets up onto the stage and announces in front of everybody that Chuck is a liar and is actually still a virgin. Chuck wets himself in embarrassment, and the four boys excitedly catch the bus to Stifler's huge post-prom party at his mansion on Lake Michigan. As the party begins to gain traction, the four boys all individually fulfill their pact with almost no conscious effort. Kevin and Vicky go to an upstairs bedroom where they finally have sex for the first time, but their desires for perfection and timing cause the interaction to become rigid and awkward throughout. While walking along the lakeside, an emotional Oz confesses the pact to Heather, who becomes wary, but he renounces the pact and declares that he's already won just by being with her at the prom. They passionately embrace each other at the dockside, naturally and fluidly moving into their first sexual experience. Meanwhile, Jim is snoozing through Michelle's immature band camp stories, but chokes on his drink when she reveals she knows more about orgasms than she's letting on. Michelle leads him upstairs, where she reveals she actually knew all along about the webcam incident, only accepting Jim's date because he was a "sure thing". Jim finally gets to have disaster-free sex, but Michelle is dominant and violently aggressive, shouting abuse at Jim, roughing him up and smashing things up with her hands and feet out of sheer passion. Finally, a bored Finch wanders around restricted areas of the house and bumps into Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whose aura and natural beauty takes him aback. After some sophisticated, upper-class conversation and flirting, she becomes aroused by Finch's precociousness, and they proceed to make love on the snooker table as the party goes on through the night. Dawn breaks early the next morning over Stifler's mansion, which is littered with sleeping seniors. Oz watches the sun rise with a smile as Heather snuggles into his lap at the lakeside, the couple looking extremely content. Kevin and Vicky are also awake, but both are contemplative and neither seem happy. Vicky amicably breaks up with Kevin, citing their separation due to their choice of university and the physical distance it causes, a topic she discussed earlier with Jessica. Kevin is left saddened, but accepts Vicky's reasoning. Meanwhile, Jim wakes up and goes to cuddle Michelle in bed, only to find himself hugging an inflatable toy shark with no Michelle in sight. He quickly realizes Michelle used and abused him for a sordid one night stand, but is left brimming with happiness at how cool the prospect of being used is. Finally, Finch is asleep with Stifler's mom when a hungover Stifler enters the room; he is so shocked at the sight that he collapses and passes out. Later on, Kevin, Oz, Jim and Finch all go to their favorite hang-out restaurant, the fittingly-named "Dog Years", for breakfast. Far from celebrating their pact with stories, they all remain very conservative and hushed about their experiences the night before, with Oz gleefully refusing to even confirm whether he had sex or not. Regardless, the four lads are now collectively happier than they ever were before, and once again toast each other to 'the next step' as they prepare to leave high school and move away to university. The film ends with Jim setting up his webcam in his room once again, and stripping and dancing to country music. Nadia is on the other end, back in her home country, smiling and laughing at Jim. His father walks in on the act, but sees the funny side. He walks out and starts dancing down the corridor, presumably to make love to his wife, as he seductively mutters "sweetheart!". 