nm0004208:

 Zootopia (2016)761) In a city of anthropomorphic animals, a rookie bunny cop and a cynical con artist fox must work together to uncover a conspiracy. From the largest elephant to the smallest shrew, the city of Zootopia is a mammal metropolis where various animals live and thrive. When Judy Hopps becomes the first rabbit to join the police force, she quickly learns how tough it is to enforce the law. Determined to prove herself, Judy jumps at the opportunity to solve a mysterious case. Unfortunately, that means working with Nick Wilde, a wily fox who makes her job even harder. Jwelch5742 From the biggest elephant to the tiniest shrew, the city of Zootopia is a beautiful metropolis where all animals live peacefully with one another. Determined to prove her worth, Judy Hopps becomes the first official bunny cop on the police force. When 14 predator animals go missing, Judy immediately takes the case. Partnering with a smooth talking fox named Nick Wilde, Judy must piece together all the clues as to where the predators are and who is behind it all. Blazer346 Being the first one is never easy, especially for Judy Hopps, the first bunny cop. When strange things happen in the city, Judy decides that she will try to solve the case, but she only has 48 hours to do so. To help her, she partners with a con artist fox named Nick Wilde, even though he makes the job harder. Aken Purnomo In a world where animals have no intention of eating each other, a little bunny named Judy Hopps who grew up on a farm leaves her family to pursue her dreams of being the first bunny cop in Zootopia. While there, she runs into a con artist fox named Nick Wilde, and they have to work together after an incident threatens Zootopia. Judy Hopps has had the dream of being the first bunny police officer since she was a kid, and when she moved to Zooptopia- a city where animals live in harmony- that dream becomes a reality. But when she teams up with a mysterious, sly fox, a Zootopia wide scandal reveals that maybe not ALL animals live in harmony. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the town of Bunnyburrow, 9 year old bunny, Judy Hopps ( Della Saba ) is performing in a school play. Her theme explains that animals, once primitive and wild, have now evolved to where predators and prey can live side by side in harmony. The founding mammal city, Zootopia, is hailed as a place where anyone can be anything. Judy then announces that she wants to be a police officer. A kid fox in the audience, Gideon Grey ( Phil Johnston ), sneers at the idea and even Judy's parents, Bonnie and Stu ( Bonnie Hunt and Don Lake ) tell her that there's never been a bunny officer. However, Judy is willing to try against all odds. When Judy sees Gideon bullying some kids by taking their fair tickets she boldly confronts him, but Gideon responds by taunting Judy's dreams and slashing her in the face. He leaves and, though she's hurt, Judy shows her friends the tickets she got back and declares that she doesn't know when to quit. Years later Judy attends the Zootopia Police Academy. Judy is tiny compared to the other recruits and faces difficulties managing the obstacle courses run by the drill sergeant ( Fuschia! ). But through sheer determination, and by using her wits, Judy makes it to graduation as valedictorian. Zootopia Mayor Lionheart ( J.K. Simmons ) oversees the ceremony and Assistant Mayor Bellwether ( Jenny Slate ), a sheep, formally congratulates Judy as the first bunny police officer, saying it's a big day for all small animals. She is assigned to Precinct 1 in the heart of Zootopia, much to the apprehension of her parents. A few days after, Judy, her parents, and many siblings head to the train station. Stu convinces Judy to take a can of fox repellent with her before she gets on the train to Zootopia. Judy listens to a hit by pop singer, Gazelle ( Shakira ), as she zooms through the diverse districts of the city, from the frozen tundra to the sultry rainforest. She finds her apartment, a run-down single room with a rickety bed, paper-thin walls, and two noisy neighbors, Bucky and Pronk Oryx-Antlerson ( Byron Howard and Jared Bush ). Despite this, she's all to excited for her first day. She gets up bright and early and makes it to the police station where she is directed to role call by the pudgy desk sergeant, a cheetah named Benjamin Clawhauser ( Nate Torrence ). All the other officers (elephants, rhinos, hippos, and bears) tower over Judy. Police Chief Bogo ( Idris Elba ) calls them to order and explains their first priority is handling the case of fourteen missing animals; all predators. Bogo divides everyone into teams but assigns Judy to parking duty. Judy is disappointed but sets her standards high and uses her sharp ears to help her write 200 tickets before noon. Around then, she notices a fox who appears to be up to something enter a local ice cream shop run by Jerry Jumbeaux Jr. ( John DiMaggio ). Though suspicious at first, Judy then sees the fox, Nick Wilde ( Jason Bateman ), is just trying to purchase a jumbo-pop for his son who is wearing an elephant costume. Jerry refuses service to the fox with sneering bigotry and this angers Judy who steps in and proposes a compromise; she'll let the elephants off with a warning for the health code violation of serving ice cream without gloves on their trunks if Nick can have a jumbo-pop. When Nick confesses he doesn't have his wallet, and apologizes to his son for the worst birthday, Judy goes further and pays for the treat. She tells Nick she can't stand it when people are mistreated for being predators or prey and walks away with a spring in her step, happy to have helped someone in need. Later that day, Judy is writing more tickets when she notices the little fox in his elephant suit. She approaches to say hello but then notices that he and Nick are melting the jumbo-pop from the roof of a building and letting the drippings collect in large jars. They drive away together, with the little fox at the wheel. Judy follows them into Tundratown and sees them making mini pops with the melted juice. They take them into the Savannah District and sell them to hamsters coming out of work. The hamsters chomp on the pops and leave the sticks in a recycling bin. The little fox collects the sticks and he and Nick take them to a construction zone in Little Rodentia where they're sold as lumber. Later, Nick and his 'son', a full-grown fennec fox named Finnick ( Tom Lister Jr. ), part ways and Judy confronts Nick. Nick doesn't deny that he's a hustler but provides Judy with all the paperwork he needs to make his endeavors technically legal and humbles her by saying that the city is not a magical land where dreams come true and a meter maid can never be a real cop. Judy returns to her apartment, sullen, and bears through an inadvertently insulting call from her parents who are thoughtlessly relieved to see she is not a "real cop" in their eyes and has instead the safest job on the force. The next day, Judy is writing more tickets and enduring unending verbal abuse from the citizenry for her duty when she is approached by a frantic pig ( Josh Dallas ) who tells her he's just been robbed. Judy springs into action and chases the thieving weasel ( Alan Tudyk ) through the city square and into Little Rodentia. During the chase, in which Judy has to take considerable pains to avoid accidental harm to the tiny citizenry and their property, Duke kicks a plastic doughnut from a shop toward Judy and it nearly crushes a lady shrew, but Judy stops it in the nick of time and uses the doughnut to apprehend the weasel. Judy rolls him into the station but is called to Bogo's office. He reprimands her for leaving her post and endangering the public to retrieve a bag of moldy onions. Judy objects, saying that the 'onions' are actually flower bulbs called Midnicampum holicithias and that she only wanted to serve as a real cop. However, Chief Bogo responds that she had her orders as a parking attendant and disobeyed them, making a political appointee like her intolerable to him. Just then, an otter named Mrs. Otterton ( Octavia Spencer ) barges in, begging Chief Bogo to find her husband, Emmitt, who has been missing for ten days. Bogo offers empty assurances until Judy steps up and promises to find him. Bogo escorts Mrs. Otterton out of the office before firing Judy for insubordination. However, when he opens the door again, he finds Mrs. Otterton speaking with Assistant Mayor Bellwether who promptly sends a notice to the mayor about Judy's willingness to take the case and tells Judy to come to her for any assistance. Bogo reluctantly allows Judy to take the case but gives her a 48 hour ultimatum; she finds the otter or resigns. Judy agrees. At the front desk, Clawhauser gives Judy the case file but there are no leads or witnesses and, since she's new, she has no technological resources. However, Judy notices in the lone photograph they have that Emmitt is eating a familiar looking popsicle. She locates Nick on the streets and demands his help but he refuses. When she says his ten dollars' worth of mini pops can wait, he claims to have made two hundred a day since he was twelve. Judy records Nick on her carrot pen recorder and puts his own words against his tax files which show he's claimed zero income. Judy says she'll report him for tax evasion, a federal offense, unless he helps her. Finnick, who was asleep in the stroller Nick was pushing, laughs at the reverse hustle and wishes Nick good luck working with the fuzz before walking off. Nick takes Judy to Mystic Springs Oasis, the last place he saw Otterton going. They're met by a yak named Yax ( Tommy Chong ), doing yoga behind a desk. He recognizes Mr. Otterton but says he hasn't seen him in a couple of weeks. He then takes them into the oasis to find Emmitt's yoga instructor, an elephant named Nangi ( Gita Reddy ), and Judy is shocked to find the oasis is a haven for naturalists; nude animals. Nangi has no memory of Otterton, but Yax unwittingly gives Judy all the information she needs, including the plate number for the car Otterton was picked up in the last time he was there. Nick says he has a friend at the DMV who can help them run the plate number. There, Judy is disheartened to see that the DMV is run solely by sloths. Nick's friend, Flash ( Raymond S. Persi ) is able to run the plate number for them but, naturally, takes forever to do so. This isn't helped when Nick, in an attempt to push Judy's buttons, delays them with a joke. By the time they exit, it's nighttime. Judy finds out the car in question is a limo in Tundratown but, by the time she and Nick arrive, the lot's closed. Without a warrant, Judy cannot get in. Defeated, she holds out her recording pen to Nick but flings it over the fence. Nick goes to retrieve it and Judy meets him on the other side, slyly saying that she doesn't need a warrant if she has probable cause - and a shifty-looking fox climbing over the gate qualifies. They locate the limo and search it, finding polar bear fur, claw marks all over the back seat, and Otterton's wallet. Then, Nick recognizes an insignia on a drinking glass and panics; he knows who's car this is. When they open the car door to leave they're confronted by a couple of polar bears who shove them into a car. Squeezed in the back seat between two polar bears, Nick explains that the car belongs to a thug boss named Mr. Big with whom he's not on good terms because Nick sold him an expensive rug made from the fur of a skunk's butt. Nick and Judy are brought into a study where Mr. Big ( Maurice LaMarche ), a shrew, is carried in by his polar bear guards. He berates Nick for tarnishing his trust and the hospitality of his grandmother who he recently buried in the skunk rug, and scolds him for returning on the day of his daughter's wedding. Unafraid, Judy steps forward and tells Mr. Big that she knows Emmitt Otterton was with him last and will find out what happened to him if it's the last thing she does. Unfazed, Mr. Big orders his bears to 'ice' Nick and Judy and they're held over a trap door in the floor that reveals icy water. Mr. Big's daughter, Fru Fru ( Leah Latham ), then walks in wearing her wedding dress and recognizes Judy as the bunny that saved her the previous day from being crushed by the doughnut. In gratitude, Mr. Big releases Judy and Nick and invites them to Fru Fru's wedding reception where he explains that Otterton was his florist but, before meeting with him to discuss something important, went crazy in the limo he sent, attacked his driver, and disappeared. Mr. Big directs them to speak with the driver, Manchas ( Jesse Corti ), in the Rainforest District for more information. Manchas, a melanistic jaguar, cracks open the door when Nick and Judy arrive, showing scratches all over his face and acting fearful. He tells them that Otterton kept talking about the 'night howlers' before he went wild and savagely attacked him. Nick says they're there to talk about the night howlers too and Manchas agrees to let them in but, just after he unlocks the chain, Judy and Nick hear him groan followed by a thud. They push the door open to see Manchas on all fours, growling viciously at them. Nick and Judy run for their lives, pursued closely by Manchas. Judy manages to call for backup as she and Nick tumble and fall through the slick canopy. Finally, Judy is able to cuff Manchas to a light pole near a gondola station and throws herself and Nick off it into some vines away from the jaguar's claws. They meet up with the responding police units and Judy explains to Chief Bogo that she believes Manchas, like Otterton, went 'savage'. However, when she takes them back to the gondola station, Manchas is gone. Bogo, irritated and not believing Judy's story demands her to hand over her badge for failing to complete her assignment, but Nick stands up for Judy. He says that Bogo gave them 48 hours, which means they have ten left to find Otterton. He takes Judy onto a gondola and they leave. Over the rainforest, Nick explains that he was idealistic like Judy once. As a kid, he wanted nothing more than to join the Junior Ranger Scouts. His mother bought him a new uniform and he was excited to become part of the group, despite the fact that he was the only predator to join. Upon arriving, however, the other animals bullied and muzzled him, saying that he was stupid for thinking they'd trust a fox. After that day he decided he would never let anyone see that they had gotten to him and if people only thought of foxes as shifty and untrustworthy, then that's what he would be. Judy consoles him but Nick deflects from her affections by looking at traffic below. He then realizes that there are traffic cameras all over the canopy and they can use them to find out where Manchas was taken. Judy recalls that Assistant Mayor Bellwether offered to help them. They meet her at City Hall and she takes them to her office which is nothing more than a janitor's closet. Despite her upbeat personality, it's no secret that she's woefully mistreated by the Mayor. She opens the database for the Rainforest District traffic cameras before being called away by Lionheart. Judy and Nick find the footage of Manchas and see that he was netted and hauled away by timber wolves. Judy realizes that the wolves must be the Night Howlers. They watch as the wolves' van drives through a tunnel but fails to come out the other side. Nick says that there's a maintenance tunnel and, if he were to do anything illegal, that's the route he'd take to avoid observation. They relocate the van and go to where it was headed - an old building outside of town called Cliffside Asylum. Nick and Judy make it past the guards by inciting a group howl; something the wolves can't resist. Inside, they find new equipment in an old hospital ward. Following claw marks on the floor, they find fifteen cells inhabited by various predators, all feral and savage, including Manchas and Mr. Otterton. Judy realizes she's just found all of the missing mammals but, just then, Mayor Lionheart enters with a badger doctor ( Katie Lowes ). Judy and Nick hide in an empty cell and Judy records Lionheart as he demands to know why predators are going savage. The doctor has no answer and says that they must come forward to Chief Bogo but the Mayor refuses, saying his reputation as a predator official is at stake. At that moment, Judy's phone rings with a call from her parents. Lionheart is startled and the doctor orders security to investigate before locking off the wing. Nick and Judy escape by flushing themselves down a toilet just before the guards arrive and they manage to get the evidence Judy recorded back to Bogo. The ZPD arrive at the asylum and place everyone, including the Mayor, under arrest. Lionheart protests that they still don't know why predators are going savage and he was trying to protect the public. Later, Chief Bogo, deeply impressed at Hopp's achievement, holds a press conference where Judy gives Nick her pen recorder and offers him the chance to sign up as her partner. Nick is flattered and watches as Judy is called to the stand to answer some questions. Judy starts simple, mentioning that all the savage mammals are predators, but when pressed as to why, she speculates that it could be something to do with their DNA. As predators, the inflicted may have reverted back to their primal origins. The reporters go into a frenzy before Bellwether shuts down the conference. Judy is relieved to be off the podium but Nick is angered by what she said. Judy says she was just stating facts but Nick asks her if a fox such as himself should indeed be trusted. When he raises his arms, asking if Judy is afraid of him, she instinctively puts her hand on her fox repellent. He hands her back the application, telling her that it's best she doesn't have a predator for a partner, before leaving. A wedge is driven between the predator and prey populations, with prey acting fearful against all predators. Gazelle hosts a peaceful protest against discrimination, despite backlash, and savage attacks continue in the city as more predators go primal. Judy feels responsible for the ensuing tensions between the animals and goes to see Mrs. Otterton where she's watching Emmitt meander mindlessly in his hospital room. At the police station, Judy is summoned by Bogo to see the new mayor, Bellwether. Bellwether explains that with the population in Zootopia being 90% prey, she wants Judy as the face of the ZPD to inspire hope. But Judy claims that she's no hero and says she's done the opposite of what she wanted; to make the world a better place. She says a good cop should help the city, not tear it apart, and hands over her badge before leaving. Judy returns to Bunnyburrow where she manages her parent's vegetable stand. She wonders aloud to them how she ever thought she could make a difference but they console her as a pie truck pulls up. As the driver, a grown Gideon Grey, gets out, Judy's parents explain that they've partnered up with him and never would have done so had Judy not opened their eyes. Gideon apologizes to Judy for what he did when he was younger, stating that his own insecurities manifested into unchecked rage, but Judy forgives him and says she knows a thing or two about being a jerk. Just then, some bunny children run through the field behind them and Judy's father warns them to stay away from the growing Midnicampum holicithias near the edge. Gideon laughs and says his family just called them night howlers. Judy perks up at this and her father explains that the flowers keep away pests but are toxic. His brother Terry ate one and went into a rage, biting Judy's mother. Judy realizes that the night howlers weren't the wolves - they were flowers. Not only that, but they make animals go savage. She grabs the keys to the truck and races back to Zootopia. She finds Finnick and he points her to Nick, sitting in the sun beside a small bridge. Judy runs up to him and reveals the truth about the night howlers but he walks away. Desperate, Judy apologizes to him and says she needs his help. She begins to cry and admits that she was a jerk to him and really is a dumb bunny as he once said. Nick doesn't seem to react until he replays a recording of her repentance and holds up her pen recorder enabling that and smiles, saying he'll erase it after 48 hours, before embracing a profoundly relieved Judy. They climb into the truck and Nick helps himself to some of Judy's blueberries while she shows him a picture of the weasel thief she caught stealing the Midnicampum holicithias; Duke Weaselton. They find him on a street corner selling bootleg DVDs such as 'Wrangled', 'Pig Hero 6', and 'Meowana'. Judy confronts him and demands to know what he was doing with the night howler flower bulbs, but he says he won't talk. Judy and Nick smile slyly and take the weasel to Mr. Big. Duke is incredulous as to why Mr. Big would help a cop, but Mr. Big smiles and says Judy is the godmother of his future grandchild. A very pregnant Fru Fru says she's going to name her daughter after Judy. On threat of being iced, Duke relents and confesses he sold bulbs to a ram named Doug who works out of an abandoned rail station. Nick and Judy follow the directions to a rusty subway car underground. They sneak inside and find Doug ( Rich Moore ) in a yellow jumpsuit preparing the blue flowers and harvesting them chemically to produce a serum which he puts into fragile pellets. He loads a pellet into a gun as his phone rings, telling him his next mark is a cheetah in Sahara Square. He assures the caller he can make the hit since he was able to get an otter in a moving car. He places the gun in a briefcase and goes to answer a knock at the back of the car, saying that Woolter and Jesse have come back with coffee. Judy takes the opportunity to knock Doug out of the car and locks the door before ordering Nick to get the car moving. With some finagling, they're able to start it and the car moves down the track, slowly gaining speed. Judy is intent on bringing the evidence to police headquarters but two rams jump onto the moving car. They manage to knock Jesse off the car inside the tunnel, grazing him as he hugs the wall and shaving his belly pink. Woolter head-butts his way into the front of the car as they make their way outside but they soon face another oncoming train. Judy tells Nick to speed up and kicks Woolter into a switch lever just in time, but they are traveling too fast around the next curve and the car derails into the next empty station. Judy and Nick jump from the car as the friction causes it to go up in flames and watch from the platform as it explodes. Judy thinks all the evidence is destroyed but Nick holds up the briefcase with the gun inside. They run upstairs out of the station and into the Natural History Museum, empty due to renovations. As they near the exit toward the police station they are called from behind by Mayor Bellwether, accompanied by two rams in police uniform. Bellwether thanks Judy for discovering the perpetrators behind the predator conspiracy and reaches for the briefcase but Judy wonders aloud how she knew where to find them. They edge toward the exit but are blocked by a disheveled Woolter. Realizing Bellwether was behind the plot all along, Judy and Nick run and attempt to hide down a corridor. Along the way Judy runs into a protruding mammoth tusk and cuts her leg. Nick pulls a handkerchief out of his pocket, blueberries spilling everywhere, and bandages Judy's leg but she tells him to leave her since she can't walk. They try to think of something as they are surrounded by the sheep. Bellwether calls out to Judy, saying that in the city prey outnumber predators 10 to 1. They need to band together to end their mistreatment against the more powerful and loud predators and, once united, will be unstoppable. Judy and Nick run for it but are knocked into a sunken diorama and Nick drops the briefcase. Bellwether retrieves it and looks down on Nick and Judy before taking aim with the gun and shooting Nick. The blue solution covers his neck and he trembles while Bellwether calls the police and feigns alarm, saying Officer Judy is down and being attacked by a savage fox. Judy tells Bellwether her plan won't work as Nick advances on her, growling. Bellwether says that fear always works and, with a predisposition to savagery, predators will be forced out of Zootopia and she'll dart every one to keep it that way. Nick then lunges at Judy and puts his jaws around her neck, but just as quickly releases her as Judy puts on a dramatic performance. Nick and Judy then reveal they switched out the serum in the gun with blueberries and have recorded everything Bellwether said on Judy's pen recorder. Horrified, Bellwether backs up to flee only to be stopped and arrested by the responding ZPD. On the news, an anchor reads that Bellwether was charged for masterminding the savage predator conspiracy. Former Mayor Lionheart gives an interview where he says he didn't know about Bellwether's plot and only caged the savage predators to protect the city, citing he did a wrong thing for the right reasons. It is announced that an antidote has been created with positive effects. Judy goes to the hospital where she sees Emmitt Otterton recovering and embracing his concerned wife. Months later, Judy, a police officer again and much wizened by her experience, addresses the new police academy graduates, one of them being Nick Wilde. She says, "When I was a kid, I thought Zootopia was this perfect place where everyone got along and anyone could be anything. Turns out, real life's a little bit more complicated than a slogan on a bumper sticker. Real life is messy. We all have limitations. We all make mistakes, which means...hey, glass half full! We all have a lot in common. And the more we try to understand one another, the more exceptional each of us will be. But we have to try. No matter what type of animal you are, from the biggest elephant to our first fox, I implore you: Try. Try to make a difference. Try to make the world a better place. Try to look inside yourself and recognize that change starts with you. It starts with me. It starts with all of us." Nick approaches the stage and Judy pins on his cop badge. The next day, Chief Bogo hands out assignments, giving Nick and Judy the task of catching a hot-rodder tearing up the roads downtown. Judy and Nick come across the speeder in their patrol car and pull him over, surprised to see Flash the sloth behind the wheel. Flash smiles slyly at Nick and the credits roll as Gazelle (Shakira) performs 'Try Everything' at a concert in Zootopia with everyone in attendance save for Bellwether who watches the show on TV from prison. 
 Moana (I) (2016)651) In Ancient Polynesia, when a terrible curse incurred by the Demigod Maui reaches Moana's island, she answers the Ocean's call to seek out the Demigod to set things right. Moana Waialiki is a sea voyaging enthusiast and the only daughter of a chief in a long line of navigators. When her island's fishermen can't catch any fish and the crops fail, she learns that the demigod Maui caused the blight by stealing the heart of the goddess, Te Fiti. The only way to heal the island is to persuade Maui to return Te Fiti's heart, so Moana sets off on an epic journey across the Pacific. The film is based on stories from Polynesian mythology. Anonymous Moana is a daughter of the chief of her tribe. Coming from a long line of navigators she sets off for a fabled island with the demigod Maui. Along the voyage they battle all which the ocean hides, while learning what the power of persistence and faith can accomplish. An adventurous teenager sails out on a daring mission to save her people. During her journey, Moana meets the once-mighty demigod Maui, who guides her in her quest to become a master wayfinder. Together, they sail across the open ocean on an action-packed voyage, encountering enormous monsters and impossible odds. Along the way, Moana fulfills the ancient quest of her ancestors and discovers the one thing she always sought: her own identity. Jwelch5742 On the Polynesian island of Motunui, the inhabitants worship the goddess Te Fiti, who brought life to the ocean, using a stone as her heart and the source of her power. Maui, the shape-shifting demigod and master of sailing, steals the heart to give humanity the power of creation. However, Te Fiti disintegrates, and Maui is attacked by Te Ka, a volcanic demon, losing both his magical giant fishhook and the heart to the depths. A millennium later, Moana, daughter of Motunui's chief Tui, is chosen by the ocean to return the heart to Te Fiti. However, Tui arrives and takes Moana away, causing her to lose the heart. Tui and Moana's mother, Sina, try to keep her away from the ocean to prepare her for ascension as the island's chief. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Using a tapa cloth to animate her story, Gramma Tala ( Rachel House ) tells a group of young children the story of the mother island Te Fiti. With her heart, Te Fiti possesses the power to create life and brings other islands into existence. However, other beings desired the power of her heart but only one was daring enough to take it. The demigod Maui ( Dwayne Johnson ), using his magical fish hook to shape shift into various creatures, travels to the mother island and steals Te Fiti's heart; a small, green gemstone engraved with a spiral. Without her heart, Te Fiti's island begins to deteriorate and sends forth a terrible darkness. Maui escapes on his boat but is confronted by Te Ka, a demon of lava and fire which rose from the sea like a volcano. Maui boldly engaged Te Ka in battle but was struck from the sky, losing both his hook and Te Fiti's heart to the sea. Gramma Tala finishes her story saying that, a thousand years later, Te Ka and other monsters still hunt for the heart while the darkness continues to spread until, one day, it will consume their island. At this, most of the children either cry or faint, but one girl is spellbound. Gramma Tala then says that, one day, someone will find the heart, journey beyond the island's reef, find Maui, and take him to restore the heart and save everyone. At that moment Chief Tui ( Temuera Morrison ), the little girl's father, enters and tells the children that there is no darkness or monsters and they are safe on their island as long as they stay within the reef. However, he accidentally hits a post that reveals multiple cloth paintings of monsters, sending the children into a panic. In the chaos the little girl, Moana ( Louise Bush ), slips away and goes down to the water. She sees a seashell wash up on shore and goes to collect it when she notices a baby sea turtle being menaced by a group of frigate birds. Leaving the shell, Moana shields the turtle with a large leaf and guides it to the water's edge. Once it's safe, a rippling effect washes over the surface of the ocean and the water recedes, revealing a trail of beautiful seashells which Moana gathers in her tiny arms. Within the canyon of water and surrounded by sea life and coral, a wave forms over Moana's head and looks curiously down at her. It plays with her, splashing her and tying her hair in a topknot. Then, in the water, Moana sees a shiny object drifting toward her. She plucks the glowing green stone from the water and trails her finger over the spiral design. Just then, her father calls for her and the ocean returns her to shore on a piece of driftwood, but Moana drops the stone. Before she can find it, Chief Tui picks her up and takes her back to the village along with her mother, Sina ( Nicole Scherzinger ). She tells Moana that she'll do wondrous things as the future chief. Growing up, Moana learns everything she needs to know about life on her island, Motonui (song: "Where You Are"), but she finds herself continuously drawn to the ocean. Every time she goes near it, her parents bring her back and remind her that to her duties and her people are where she belongs; not the sea. Her grandmother, Tala, however, encourages Moana to follow her heart and listen to the 'voice inside'; for that is who she truly is. Chief Tui then takes Moana, now grown, to the sacred peak of their island and shows her a tall pile of flattened stones which he and his forefathers placed to raise the island higher. One day, he says, Moana will place her own stone on the peak. Moana grows into her role as chief in training despite her inner wish to go to the sea and makes her rounds on the island: she fixes a leaking roof, provides support to a man getting a tattoo, and teaches children hula dancing. An elderly man points out a rooster named Heihei ( Alan Tudyk ) pecking and attempting to eat a rock and wonders if he should be eaten, but Moana says that, in some cases, one's strength is hidden beneath the surface. Then, a woman shows Moana and her parents that the coconut harvest has yielded blackened, rotten fruit. Moana chooses a new location to plant a grove but then a group of fisherman show the chief that their haul of fish has brought in nothing, despite changing their fishing rounds. Moana suggests fishing beyond the reef, but the notion angers her father who storms off. Sina goes to Moana and explains to her that Tui's reservation against the ocean comes from his youth when he took a boat to sea and was wrecked in a storm. His friend, who had begged to go, drowned. Tui doesn't want the same thing to happen to Moana but Sina tells her that she must make her own choices, however hard they are. Conflicted over her duties to her village and her dream to sail the sea (song: "How Far I'll Go"), Moana ultimately decides to finally take a canoe out to see if she can find any fish beyond the reef and takes her pet pig, Pua, with her. At first it seems she can sail with ease, but a wave knocks her canoe sideways and sends Pua overboard. Distracted, Moana fails to see another wave rise above her and flip her canoe over. Moana is submerged and gets her foot trapped within some coral but manages to free herself by smashing it with a rock. She makes it to shore, exhausted, and find Pua scared, but alive. Gramma Tala then walks up joking that whatever transpired should be blamed on the pig. Moana tries to hide her bruised ankle, but Tala isn't fooled and takes a look. However, she promises not to tell Moana's father. Moana says that Tui was right about going out there. She tells Tala that she's going to put her stone on the pile. Tala doesn't argue and goes to the water to dance with a school of manta rays, saying that when she dies she'll come back as one, or else she chose the wrong tattoo. Curious as to why her grandmother isn't contradicting her, Moana asks if there's something she wants to tell her. Tala takes Moana to a holed up cavern where, after removing some rocks, Moana finds a passageway. Tala says that Moana has heard all their people's stories but one. She tells her to follow the tunnel and bang the drum to find the answer to the question that's bothered her all her life: who is she meant to be? Moana follows Tala's instructions and finds a small fleet of boats and canoes hidden in the cavern behind a massive waterfall. She bangs the drum on the largest ship and sees a vision of her ancestors within the tapa sail. It reveals that they were voyagers who sailed the ocean finding new islands to inhabit (song: "We Know The Way"). Thrilled, Moana asks Tala why they stopped voyaging. Tala explains that when Maui stole the heart of Te Fiti and unleashed the darkness it made sailing too treacherous; boats stopped coming back. To save themselves, Moana's ancestors hid away their boats and decided to remain on Motonui. Tala then shows Moana a portion of their island which appears to have the very life from it being drained to sea. She then tells Moana that her stories were true; that someone will one day restore the heart and save everyone. Then, she presses a green stone into Moana's hand that she'd kept within her necklace, saying that she was there the day the ocean chose Moana to be the one to restore the heart. The ocean then rises up and playfully splashes Moana who was stunned to find out that the memory wasn't just a dream as she thought. Tala shows Moana a constellation of an enormous hook, saying that Maui will be beneath it. Moana laments that she doesn't know how to sail but realizes she knows who does. She runs to the master hut where Tui is addressing the council, trying to assure them they won't run out of food. When Moana interrupts and begs help to restore the heart, Tui leaves in anger and says he should have burned the boats in the cavern ages ago. He takes the stone from Moana's hand, saying it's merely a rock, and throws it into the bushes. When Moana retrieves it, she finds her grandmother's walking stick. Just then, a warrior calls to the chief. Tui and Moana run to their hut to find Tala lying in bed, unwell. Whispering, she tells Moana to take the heart and find Maui. She gives her the necklace to hold the heart in and tells Moana she'll always be with her. Moana leaves and her mother helps her pack. From the cavern, Moana takes the small canoe with a spiral painted on the sail. Once on the water, Moana looks back and sees her grandmother's spirit in the form of a manta ray flying toward her. It illuminates safe passage for her and Moana makes it to the sea. She struggles to sail properly, following the hook constellation, and even discovers that Heihei has stowed away. One night Moana's canoe capsizes just before a storm hits and Moana is washed up on a rocky island. Angry that the ocean didn't help her when she asked, Moana is still relieved that she didn't lose the heart of Te Fiti. Then, she notices hook-shaped marks dotting the rocks on the island and realizes that the ocean has delivered her to Maui. She ducks behind her canoe as Maui approaches, preparing herself, but Maui easily lifts the canoe with one hand, excited to see a boat. Moana confronts him but Maui interrupts and begins boasting about all his exploits (song: "You're Welcome"), using his Mini-Maui tattoo to show off his accomplishments displayed as numerous tattoos all over his body. Maui tricks Moana and traps her in the cave he lived in while he plans to commandeer her canoe, despite protests from Mini-Maui. Moana escapes the cave and jumps into the ocean as Maui sails away. Moana tries to catch up and is assisted by the ocean which deposits her quickly onto her canoe. Despite repeatedly throwing her overboard, Moana is returned to the boat by the ocean and she demands of Maui that he help her restore the heart. Maui tries to throw the heart away but the ocean throws it back at him. Then he tries to swim away, but the ocean puts him back. He claims that the stone is not a 'heart' but rather a curse that lost him his hook and that bad things are always trying to find it. At that moment, a spear lands on the boat, just missing Heihei. Behind them a massive object moves out of the fog. Maui recognizes the small coconut creatures and their large ship as Kakamora - tiny, mischievous pirates. Moana begs the ocean to help them, but Maui tells her that the ocean doesn't help; they help themselves. He is shocked to find out Moana can't sail and does all he can to evade the Kakamora, but they latch onto Moana's canoe with their spears and board the craft. They knock Moana down and the heart falls out of her necklace. Heihei gobbles it up but the Kakamora steal him. Maui tries to escape but Moana takes the oar and goes after Heihei. She manages to retrieve him in a flurry of paralyzing blow darts and zip-lines herself back to her canoe. She and Maui just barely escape as the Kakamora's boats collide into each other. Afterward, Maui is still hesitant to return the heart but Moana convinces him by saying that he would be restored to the hero he once was. She agrees to help him retrieve his hook before setting a course for Te Fiti and then asks him to teach her to sail. At first Maui refuses, but the ocean uses a leftover blow dart to paralyze Maui, forcing him to tell Moana what to do. He shows her how to wayfind, using celestial navigation. They make their way to a tall, rocky spire in the middle of the ocean. At the top is the entrance to Lalotai; the realm of monsters. Maui opens the entrance and he and Moana drop into the realm. Moana evades an array of monsters and eventually finds the entrance to the lair of Tamatoa, a creature Maui said would have his hook since he loves to collect shiny and valuable objects. Using her as bait, Maui sends Moana into the lair where Tamatoa captures her. While Maui sneaks up from behind, Moana distracts Tamatoa by inciting him to brag about himself and Tamatoa obliges (song: "Shiny"). Maui then takes his hook and attempts to shapeshift, but it's been so long that he can't control his powers. Tamatoa places Moana in a cage and focuses on Maui as he finishes his song. Then, Moana uses some bioluminescent algae to create a false heart of Te Fiti and distracts Tamatoa with it while she and Maui escape. Using a geyser, Maui and Moana are shot back to the surface. Back on top, Maui is sincere for once, humbled by the fact that he can't shapeshift. On the canoe, he tells Moana that they have no chance of defeating Te Ka, even with his hook back. Moana then asks him about a tattoo on his back that he noticed earlier but Maui is hesitant to talk about it. After some persistence, he gives in and tells Moana he earns his tattoos which show up magically. The one on his back was his first; he was born to human parents but they didn't want him and threw him into the sea. The gods took pity on him and made him the demigod Maui, giving him his fish hook. But Moana tells him that it's not the gods who make him Maui - it's him. With this renewed confidence, Maui tries shapeshifting again, starting small, and this time is able to control his powers. He teaches Moana how to sail properly and, by morning, compliments Moana on her abilities just as they reach Te Fiti. With the island in view, Moana gives Maui the heart and wishes him luck. He shifts into a hawk and flies toward the island but Te Ka rises up to confront him. Maui is knocked out of the sky once more and retreats to the canoe. Moana tries to sail past Te Ka despite Maui's protest. Te Ka lunges at them and Maui deflects with his hook but the force sends their canoe hurtling back out to sea. When she comes to, Moana finds Maui brooding over his broken hook. Distraught over this, Maui angrily blames Moana for not listening to him and says that one more hit to his hook will destroy it. He says he's done helping her, transforms into a hawk, and leaves. Saddened, Moana asks the sea why it brought her here and begs it to choose someone else, giving the heart back to it. She breaks down as she watches the heart sink into the depths but then sees a manta ray spirit swimming toward the canoe. Her grandmother appears and offers comfort, saying that if Moana wants to go home, she'll be with her. However, Moana hesitates and realizes that, in her heart, she was meant to do this (song: "I Am Moana"). She sees visions of her ancestors and, with their strength, dives into the sea and retrieves the heart. When she surfaces, her ancestors and grandmother are gone but she prepares the canoe, stows Heihei safely in the cargo, and sails back toward Te Fiti. At the barrier islands, she tricks Te Ka and speeds past the rocks, using the water to her advantage since Te Ka can't touch it. Te Ka then sends a giant wave her way, knocking her canoe over and is about to hit her with a blast of fire but Maui appears and defends Moana, giving her enough time to make it to Te Fiti. When she gets there, however, Moana finds that the entire island of Te Fiti is gone; the shape of the goddess gouged beneath the water all that remains. Turning back, she then notices a spiral symbol on Te Ka's chest and realizes the truth. Holding the heart above her, she grabs the attention of Te Ka before it's able to deal a blow to Maui, who has by now completely lost his hook. Moana tells the ocean to clear a path for Te Ka to reach her and goes to meet Te Ka face to face. Moana tells Te Ka that this is not truly who she is. Te Ka's fires go out as she calms down and Moana places the heart back within the spiral on Te Ka's chest. Restored, the lava rock falls away to reveal Te Fiti, lush and green once more. She returns to her island and takes Moana and Maui in her hand. Maui is apologetic for having taken Te Fiti's heart and the goddess rewards him with a brand new fish hook and gives Moana a new canoe to sail in. Then, the goddess is finally able to rest. Moana asks Maui to come back with her since her people will need a master wayfinder. Maui says they already have one and bids Moana farewell. Moana sails back to Motonui where the flowers and fruit are blossoming again since the darkness has been defeated. She is reunited with her people and her parents. The ocean gives her a pink seashell which Moana places on the sacred mountain before helping her people take the fleet of boats out to begin voyaging once again. She teaches them to sail and wayfind and revels in her new role with her grandmother's manta ray spirit guiding her and Maui flying beside her. 
 Big Hero 6 (2014)871) A special bond develops between plus-sized inflatable robot Baymax and prodigy Hiro Hamada, who together team up with a group of friends to form a band of high-tech heroes. When a devastating event befalls the city of San Fransokyo and catapults Hiro into the midst of danger, he turns to Baymax and his close friends adrenaline junkie Go Go Tomago, neatnik Wasabi, chemistry whiz Honey Lemon and fanboy Fred. Determined to uncover the mystery, Hiro transforms his friends into a band of high-tech heroes called "Big Hero 6." Walt Disney Animation Studios Robotics nerd Hiro Hamada discovers an inflatable health care robot Baymax created in the past by his brother, Tadashi. After a terrible life-changing accident, Hiro and Baymax team up with four other nerds and save their hometown San Fransokyo from an evil super villain trying to take over with Hiro's invention. Hiro is a young boy who graduated at age 14 or 13. Hiro does not know what to do with his life, until he gets some help from his older brother Tadashi. Hiro applies to get in a "nerd" college, only to be traumatized. But with the help of Baymax Hamada, Hiro goes on an unexpected journey with some of his friends. Watch as Hiro Hamada takes down an evil villain and some very important people pass away. In San Fransokyo, the fourteen year-old Hiro Hamada is a little genius who makes money in illegal robot fights. His older brother, the college student Tadashi, saves Hiro from a dangerous gang and brings him to his laboratory in the university to convince him to forget the fights. Tadashi shows his nurse robot Baymax that he is developing to Hiro and introduces his little brother to his friends Go Go Tomago, Wasabi, Honey Lemon and Fred. When Hiro meets his idol Professor Robert Callaghan, he decides to join the university. Hiro needs to invent something to attract the attention of Callaghan and he brings tiny robots called microbots that are useful for many applications to the science fair in the university. The entrepreneur Alastair Krei wants to buy the microbots but Hiro prefers to stay with Callaghan in the university. When Hiro and Tadashi leave the fair, there is a fire and Tadashi returns to the place to rescue Callaghan. However the building blows up and Tadashi dies. Later, Hiro activates Baymax and the robot follows the direction pointed out by the last microbot kept with Hiro. The boy chases Baymax and they come to an abandoned building. Hiro discovers that someone is producing microbots and they are attacked by a masked man who controls the microbots. They succeed to flee and Hiro decides to include armor and another chip in Baymax to make him a master in fights. They track the masked man down to the harbor but Go Go Tomago, Wasabi, Honey Lemon and Fred arrive summoned by Baymax. The masked man attacks the group and they team-up forming Big Hero 6, using armors and their skills, to capture the masked man that they believe is Alastair Krei. But they have a huge surprise. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Robotics prodigy Hiro lives in the city of San Fransokyo. Next to his older brother, Tadashi, Hiro's closest companion is Baymax, a robot whose sole purpose is to take care of people. When a devastating turn of events throws Hiro into the middle of a dangerous plot, he transforms Baymax and his other friends, Go Go Tamago, Wasabi, Honey Lemon and Fred into a band of high-tech heroes. Jwelch5742 When a criminal plot threatens the hi-tech metropolis of San Fransokyo, brilliant young robotics whiz Hiro Hamada leaps into action with his tech-savvy friends, and his robot companion Baymax in Disney Animation's adaptation of the popular Marvel Comics series... Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the city of San Fransokyo (a portmanteau of San Francisco and Tokyo), Hiro Hamada ( Ryan Potter ) is a teenage prodigy, but seems to be unable to use his intellect for anything more than trying to enter illegal, back-alley bot-fights. His older brother Tadashi ( Daniel Henney ) wishes to change Hiro's mind, and tricks his brother into coming to the San Fransokyo Institute of Technology, where Tadashi is a student. While there, Hiro is introduced to a number of Tadashi's 'nerd school' friends: Go Go ( Jamie Chung ), Wasabi ( Damon Wayans Jr. ), Honey Lemon ( Genesis Rodriguez ), and Fred ( T.J. Miller ), and the different inventions they have constructed. Tadashi then shows Hiro his own project: an inflatable 'nurse' robot, named Baymax ( Scott Adsit ). Thanks to a chip that Tadashi programmed with numerous medical analysis information, Baymax is quite knowledgeable, impressing Hiro. Once he has performed his task, Baymax returns to sleep mode by being told, "I am satisfied with my care." The three also meet Robert Callaghan ( James Cromwell ), the head professor of the Institute, and after he compliments Hiro on the miniature battle-robot he's made, Hiro wants to enter the Institute. Tadashi then encourages his brother to come up with something that will impress Callaghan at the next robotics exhibit coming up. After Tadashi encourages his brother to 'use that big brain of yours,' Hiro then uses the robotic technology in his battle-bot, and crafts them into thousands of micro-bots, controlled by a neural transmitter. Whatever the wearer thinks, the microbots will do. Needless to say, Hiro's presentation wins over a number of people at the exhibition, even impressing a high-profile technology guru, named Alistair Krei ( Alan Tudyk ). Alistair offers to purchase Hiro's microbot invention on the spot, but Callaghan claims that Krei is not a trustworthy man with technology. Hiro then declines Krei's request, but is excited when Callaghan presents him with a letter of acceptance to the Institute. Hiro, Tadashi, and their friends head off to celebrate, but the mood is cut short when a fire erupts within the exhibition hall. With word that Callaghan is still inside, Tadashi rushes into the building to save him. However, as Hiro watches, an explosion rocks the building, blasting him back. After Tadashi's funeral, Hiro becomes distant from his friends, still working through his grief. His aunt (and guardian) Cass ( Maya Rudolph ), tries to encourage Hiro to go to the Institute and take advantage of his acceptance letter, but he seems unwilling to do so. After accidentally hurting himself in his room, Hiro is surprised when Baymax appears. Apparently, Tadashi had brought him back to their shared bedroom before he died. Baymax attempts to help Hiro, who is reluctant to accept it. However, the mood is broken when Hiro finds one of his microbots wriggling in a pocket of his jacket. Putting it in a specimen container, Hiro tries to ignore it, but Baymax notes inquires if he can try to determine where the 'small robot' wishes to go. Hiro casually affirms this...not realizing that the robot will follow his commands. Chasing him down, Hiro and Baymax find themselves at an old warehouse. Sneaking inside, Hiro is surprised to find a machine churning out similar microbots, with numerous containers filled with them. However, his surprise turns to shock, when a masked man appears, attempting to kill Hiro and Baymax with the miniature robots. Hiro first goes to the police station to report what he's found, but the officer taking down his story seems reluctant to believe him. It also doesn't help that Baymax's battery starts to run low. Hiro manages to get him home to be recharged. It is then that Baymax inquires where Tadashi is. Hiro attempts to explain to the robot that his brother is 'gone.' When Hiro explains that the fire was an accident, he then begins to wonder, given what he saw today...what if it wasn't, an accident? Deciding to figure out who has stolen his invention, Hiro decides to upgrade Baymax. After creating a carbon-fiber suit for the robot, Hiro also programs a new chip that includes numerous martial arts moves, inserting it into an additional slot in Baymax's 'heart' drive, right next to Tasashi's chip of Baymax's programming. The two then return to the warehouse, only to find it empty. However, Hiro notes his microbot has started to move again, and the two follow its movements to the docks off San Fransokyo. However, something pulls the microbot out of the container, and it disappears off into the misty bay. However, moments later, the masked figure appears, using the microbots as a transport means, and carrying a large object with the symbol of a red bird on it. Hiro is just about to send Baymax to get the masked man, when they are accosted by Hiro's friends. Baymax's invite for them to help cheer up Hiro got through, but just then, the masked man attacks them. The group pile into Wasabi's car, as the masked man gives chase. In the aftermath, the car ends up driving into the bay, but the group is saved by Baymax, who has shed his armor, and helps the group float to the surface. After getting on land, Fred leads the group to his home...which happens to be a large mansion owned by his parents (who are away). While recovering, Hiro shows the group the red bird symbol he saw on the piece of machinery to his friends, but none have seen it. The group soon comes to a consensus, that the man may have been behind Tadashi's death, and Fred believes he knows who it is: Alistair Krei. Fred explains that it was Krei who wanted Hiro's microbot technology, and most likely, has gained it at the expense of Tadashi's life. Baymax also surprises Hiro, when he explains that during the fight, he scanned the masked man, and has information on his health and vitals. Hiro wants to identify where their adversary is, but he would need to scan everyone in San Fransokyo to find out. The group then decides to band together to stop Krei, with Hiro helping to design them each special suits based on their specific abilities. Once Hiro has done this, he and Baymax fly up above the city, and scan the city from an aerial fan. Baymax's sensors pick up their adversary's health vitals, coming from an island in the bay. The group flies there, to find a deserted base. One room shows the twisted metal remains of some machine, with the red bird symbol on it. The group then goes into a control room, where video shows that the room was used for testing a teleportation project, called "Operation: Silent Sparrow." Suddenly, their masked adversary appears, and the group attempts to take him down, but are completely unsure what to do. Hiro manages to unmask their foe, but instead of finding Krei...he finds Professor Callaghan. Callaghan explains that in the fire, he managed to use Hiro's microbot technology to shield himself from the explosion. This infuriates Hiro, who demands that Baymax destroy Callaghan. Baymax claims that his programming doesn't allow this, leading to Hiro pulling out the chip Tadashi put in him. The removal of the chip causes Baymax to follow Hiro's orders, and he charges at Callaghan. However, Hiro's friends attempt to stop Baymax, with the robot fighting back at them, before Honey manages to restore Tadashi's chip to his programming. Callaghan has escaped during the fight, and Hiro demands that Baymax find him, only for the robot to explain that his scanners are damaged. Bent on revenge, Hiro blasts away with Baymax back to the garage. He attempts to update Baymax's programming, but Baymax refuses to open the port where his chip information is. In desperation, Hiro finally breaks down over the death of his brother, with Baymax countering that, 'Tadashi is here.' As Hiro watches, Baymax projects video of Tadashi's numerous attempts to get him running, with the 84th test being a success, and Tadashi claiming that Baymax is "going to help a whole lot of people." Hiro's friends eventually return to the garage where he is, and reveal that they have found further footage of the military test. The footage shows Professor Callaghan also at the test area, and reveal his motives behind his actions. During the test, a human test subject was propelled into the portal. However, the portal became unstable, and Krei ordered it shut down. It turns out that the test subject, was Callaghan's daughter, Abigail ( Katie Lowes ). The next day, Krei is revealing the opening of a new facility in the heart of San Fransokyo, when Callaghan appears, using the microbots to piece together the last active portal, over Krei's building. Callaghan claims he's going to ruin Krei's life like he ruined his, as the portal comes to life, and starts to tear apart the building, sucking its pieces into the other dimension. It is then that Hiro and his friends appear, pleading with Callaghan to stop what he's doing, but the former Professor refuses to listen to reason. The group attempts to stop him, but Callaghan uses the microbots to counter their attacks. During the fight, Hiro notices that the stray microbots are being sucked up into the portal, and he and the rest of the team work to hack away at their structures, until Callaghan is soon down to a bare minimum. Baymax manages to remove the control mask from him, but once he's done so, notes a faint life signal from within the portal. Even though it is unstable, Hiro and Baymax head into it. Within the otherworldly atmosphere, they find the test pod, with Abigail inside. Baymax and Hiro then attempt to maneuver her out of the dimension, but a stray piece of debris from Krei's building slams into Baymax, ripping away much of his suit, and rendering his rocket boosters inoperable. Baymax claims that he can get Hiro and Abigail to safety by using his rocket punch. Hiro doesn't want to lose Baymax, but the robot assures the boy, that he'll "always be with him." Tearfully, Hiro utters "I'm satisfied with my care," and Baymax launches off his rocket fist, getting Hiro and Callaghan's daughter through the portal, just before it tears itself apart. In the aftermath, Abigail is taken to a hospital, and Callaghan is arrested for his crimes. In the meantime, local news reports on a band of superheroes that saved the city. However, Hiro and his friends celebrate by having some downtime at his Aunt's place. Shortly afterwards, Hiro starts his classes at the San Fransokyo Institute of Technology. Taking residence in the same lab that Tadashi has, Hiro has brought along the rocket fist Baymax wore...only to find wedged in its closed fist, the green microchip card that Tadashi had put into Baymax. Hiro manages to rebuild Baymax, and places the chip inside him, embracing his fellow comrade. In the end, we see Hiro, Baymax, and their friends, running through the streets of San Fransokyo, ready to help their city, in any way they can. 
 Frozen (I) (2013)761) When the newly crowned Queen Elsa accidentally uses her power to turn things into ice to curse her home in infinite winter, her sister Anna teams up with a mountain man, his playful reindeer, and a snowman to change the weather condition. Fearless optimist Anna teams up with rugged mountain man Kristoff and his loyal reindeer Sven and sets off on an epic journey to find her sister Elsa, whose icy powers have trapped the kingdom of Arendelle in eternal winter. Encountering Everest-like conditions, mystical trolls and a hilarious snowman named Olaf, Anna and Kristoff battle the elements in a race to save the kingdom. From the outside Elsa looks poised, regal and reserved, but in reality she lives in fear as she wrestles with a mighty secret: she was born with the power to create ice and snow. It's a beautiful ability, but also extremely dangerous. Haunted by the moment her magic nearly killed her younger sister Anna, Elsa has isolated herself, spending every waking minute trying to suppress her growing powers. Her mounting emotions trigger the magic, accidentally setting off an eternal winter that she can't stop. She fears she's becoming a monster and that no one, not even her sister, can help her. DeAlan Wilson for ComedyE.com In the Kingdom of Arendelle, Princess Elsa has the power to create and freeze ice and snow, and her younger sister Anna loves to play with her. When Elsa accidentally hits Anna on the head with her powers and almost kills her, their parents take them to trolls that save Anna's life and make her forget her sister's ability. Elsa returns to the castle and stays reclusively in her room with fear of hurting Anna with her increasing power. Their parents die when their ship sinks into the ocean, and three years later Elsa's coronation forces her to open her castle gates to celebrate with the people. Anna meets Prince Hans at the party and immediately falls in love and decides to marry him. But Elsa doesn't approve, loses control of her powers, and freezes Arendelle. Elsa flees to the mountain and Anna teams up with the peasant Kristoff, his reindeer Sven, and the snowman Olaf to seek out Elsa. They find her in her icy castle and she accidentally hits Anna in the heart; now only true love can save her sister from death. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Anna, sister of the queen Elsa, sets off on a dangerous, mysterious journey to bring back Elsa, who has run off after imposing an endless winter upon her hometown. Anna must overcome challenges and meet new friends, such as Olaf, an adorable talking snowman, and face her charming boyfriend to save the kingdom from not only Hans, but from eternal winter. Frozenfin When their kingdom becomes trapped in perpetual winter, fearless Anna joins forces with mountaineer Kristoff and his reindeer sidekick to find Anna's sister, Snow Queen Elsa, and break her icy spell. Although their epic journey leads them to encounters with mystical trolls, a comedic snowman, harsh conditions, and magic at every turn, Anna and Kristoff bravely push onward in a race to save their kingdom from winter's cold grip. Jwelch5742 More and more, the once-close-knit sisters, Princess Elsa of Arendelle, and her younger sister, Anna, grow distant, after an inadvertent mistake. As a result, Elsa, the powerful conjurer of snow and ice, has secluded herself away from the kingdom, struggling to keep her ever-growing gift, or curse, at bay; however, conflicting emotions and bottled-up feelings threaten to plunge the enchanting realm into an eternal winter. Now, it's up to Anna and a fearless team of unlikely allies--the kind but clumsy Smi ice-harvester, Kristoff, his trusty reindeer companion, Sven, and the cheerful animated snowman, Olaf--to save the day. Can they make things right again? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Walt Disney Pictures logo and the movie title appear to the Norwegian song "Vuelie". In a winter landscape, ice harvesters use saws and hooks to cut blocks of ice from a lake, chanting as they work about how ice is a powerful force that's both beautiful and dangerous ("Frozen Heart"). They load the ice blocks onto their sled and ride off. A young eight year old boy named Kristoff ( Jonathan Groff ) works alongside them (not very expertly), accompanied by his reindeer Sven (sounds: also Jonathan Groff ). They try to imitate the ice harvesters with a single cubical block of ice and a small child's sled, and follow them away as the Northern Lights fill the night sky. The camera follows the Northern Lights through the sky, before panning down on a stave castle, located on the shores of a Scandinavian fjord, ringed in by cliffs. That night, Princess Elsa of Arendelle ( Eva Bella ) is fast asleep when her five year old sister Princess Anna ( Livvy Stubenrauch ) tries to wake her up, wanting Elsa to play with her. Elsa playfully brushes Anna off, until Anna asks, "do you wanna build a snowman?" to which Elsa delightfully agrees. Fully awake, the two sisters run downstairs to the ballroom. At Anna's urging, Elsa waves her hands, conjuring up a snow crystal, which she then shoots into the air. It explodes, raining snow down on them. To enhance the winter playground, she then stomps her foot, covering the entire floor with ice. They create a snowman that she nicknames Olaf, who likes warm hugs. The girls play gleefully with Olaf until Anna makes a leap Elsa wasn't prepared for and the blast of power meant to create a pile of snow hits Anna in the head, knocking her out and turning several strands of her hair white. Their parents, King Agdar and Queen Idun rush in, responding to Elsa's cries of anguish. They check on Anna and find her cold to the touch. Agdar and his wife hastily load both girls onto their horses and ride at full speed into the mountains. As the royal family gallops through the forests at full speed, they pass by Kristoff, who is still being dragged on his sled by Sven. He becomes curious about the fact that one of the horses is leaving behind a trail of ice, in the middle of the summer. Kristoff and Sven follow the ice trail to an empty clearing that appears to only be populated by a large assortment of moss-covered boulders. From the edge of the clearing, Kristoff watches as Agdar asks the motionless boulders to help him. Seconds later, all the boulders roll into a large circle around Agdar, Idun, Elsa, and the unconscious Anna. The rocks uncurl, revealing themselves to be trolls. The "boulder" Kristoff and Sven are watching the event from behind is another rock troll named Bulda, who immediately decides to adopt the visitors after Sven licks her. Grand Pabbie ( Ciarn Hinds ), the leader of the trolls, shows up and asks Agdar if Elsa was born or cursed with her abilities. He observes that Anna is lucky she was hit in the head, as a hit to the heart would have been fatal. He advises the family that it might be best if Elsa doesn't use her powers around Anna. He alters Anna's memories so she has no knowledge of her sister's powers, remembering only the fun they've had (for instance, Anna will remember her indoor castle ice rink as a mundane winter day). Grand Pabbie warns Elsa that her powers will grow, and although they are beautiful, they will be a great risk to her if she cannot learn to control them, as fear will be her greatest enemy. So Agdar and Idun take measures into their own hands based on what Grand Pabbie has told them. The palace is closed to most visitors. Staffing is reduced to a minimum. Anna and Elsa are separated, and having no memory of what has occurred, Anna is unable to comprehend why Elsa is not allowed to play with her. She often comes to Elsa's closed door and tries to coax her out by asking her if she wants to build a snowman ("Do You Want to Build a Snowman?"). As a further precaution, the sisters are also kept from leaving the castle. While Anna's life is dull but normal, Elsa's powers grow stronger as she matures. Her father cautions her to wear gloves to keep her icy magic in check, and to conceal her feelings, because strong emotions seem to cause her powers to manifest in unexpected ways. Ten years after the accident, the now teenaged princesses become orphans when their parents' ship capsizes in a storm, drowning them. After the burial, Anna goes again to Elsa's door, pleading for consolation from her only remaining family member. But Elsa, though she sits sadly on the the other side of the door, refuses to communicate with Anna. Three Years Later: Elsa (now voiced by Idina Menzel ) is now 21 years old, comes of age, and the castle prepares to crown her as the kingdom's queen. Dignitaries from around Europe are coming to visit, including the Duke of Weselton ( Alan Tudyk ), who wants to run Arendelle's profits dry. Elsa is nervous about emerging from her seclusion and receiving the many guests. When Elsa gives the order to open the castle gates, Anna (now voiced by Kristen Bell ) eagerly rushes out into the city ("For the First Time In Forever"). As Anna strolls out onto the streets, she crashes into a horse belonging to a charming and handsome visitor, and falls into a rowboat. The visitor apologizes and introduces himself as Prince Hans of the Southern Isles ( Santino Fontana ), in town for Elsa's coronation. Though Anna is angered at first by Hans's clumsiness (after inadvertently falling on top of her in the rowboat due to said rowboat teetering on the side of a dock and being balanced only by a leg from Hans's horse), she seems smitten by him once she has a real good look at him. Anna runs off when she hears the church bells. Elsa remains nervous during the coronation ceremony. The bishop ( Robert Pine ) has to remind her to remove her gloves before she takes up her golden orb and scepter. Holding them, she turns to face the congregation, but almost immediately panics when she sees the gold of the orb starting to frost while the bishop is bestowing her authority on her. She returns the orb and scepter hurriedly to the bishop and puts her gloves back on. At the coronation reception a couple hours later, Kai introduces Elsa and Anna to the crowd. Anna's first friendly interaction with Elsa in years brings quite the delightful feeling to Anna, flustered at first, as well as seeing Elsa so happy instead of serious and preserved boosts Anna's confidence, prompting her to continue on with the conversation. They're interrupted afterwards by Kai introducing to them the Duke of Weselton. The Duke is a buffoon (to the point that a running gag throughout the movie is people calling his homeplace "Weasel Town"), but an important trading partner. Elsa politely declines his offer to dance with her, but instead playfully volunteers Anna, much to the Duke's delight nonetheless, and the two head off into a comical dance scene. Elsa can't resist chuckling seeing Anna get innocently flustered by the Duke's over-the-top (and incredibly terrible) dancing skills. This causes Anna to feel just as whimsical about the entire matter, for seeing Elsa in such a state hasn't been a sight for years. Anna returns by Elsa's side afterwards, commenting on how well things have been going through the day, and expresses her wishes to have things the way they were that night all the time. Elsa does agree, though her smile quickly fades away as memories of the night she froze Anna's head come floating back to the surface, and she reluctantly denies Anna's wishes all at once despite failing to explain why so. Anna then takes to the floor with Hans. The two of them quickly sneak off to spend the evening together, quickly realizing the mutual attraction between them. The romantic dance eventually leads to an entire date ("Love is an Open Door"), with the entire night of the young couple being spent bonding. Hans, during their time together, learns of Anna's longing of having someone special in her life, with her sister apparently developing a dislike of being around her by suddenly shutting Anna out one day when they were kids. Hans openly relates to this, only furthering Anna's connection with him. Hans then promises to never shut Anna out unlike Elsa, much to the princess' absolute joy. By the end of their tour throughout the kingdom, Hans proposes right on the spot to which Anna immediately accepts. The two head back the ballroom, where Anna asks for Elsa's blessing on the marriage. Elsa's baffled by the shocking news, but Anna and Hans couldn't appear more excited going on to ramble about the wedding arrangements. Elsa ceases the sudden rambling by denying them a marriage license, much to Anna's dismay. Elsa asks to speak to Anna alone in private, likely to finally confess her abilities and why it's not wise to marry someone she just met without causing a scene that would expose her powers, but Anna refuses any private conversation, stating whatever Elsa has to say can be said to both her and Hans. Elsa, becoming impatient and frustrated, outright refuses to let Anna marry someone she just met, indirectly telling Anna she knows nothing about true love. This causes Anna to hiss back, telling Elsa all she knows is how to shut people out. Although Elsa is visibly hurt by this, she continues to refuse, with the argument only worsening when she orders the guards to end the party early and close the gates. Unable to contain her emotions, Elsa makes a violent sweep with her left arm, causing a barrier of sharp icicles to suddenly appear around her. Shocked at the room's reaction to her powers, Elsa rushes from the room. Panicking, Elsa flees with Anna in hot pursuit. As she bolts out the door, she finds a huge crowd waiting for her in the courtyard. She hastily rushes through as men applaud her. A concerned woman asks Elsa if she's all right. She is frightened enough that she backs into an ornamental fountain and freezes it solid when she grabs it with her left hand. The Duke of Weselton comes out the same door moments later. Elsa pleads for people to step back, moments before another bolt of ice shoots from her hands, nearly hitting the Duke and his guards. She keeps running away, sprinting across the waters of the fjord, her feet forming an ice bridge, and vanishes into the forest on the other side of the fjord. Anna calls after her sister, but as she, Hans, and the other guests watch, the waters of the fjord completely ice over and the air takes on an icy chill. Moments later, snow begins to fall. The Duke of Weselton begins to panic, declaring they must take action and put an end to Elsa's curse. Anna, however, refuses and volunteers to seek out Elsa herself and make things right, feeling that it's her fault for pushing her. With Hans being left in charge of the kingdom, Anna sets out on horse to begin her search for Elsa. Meanwhile, Elsa has found her way to a high precipice on the North Mountain, many miles from civilization. It is here she realizes that far away from what she was taught, being on her own, she can begin to control her powers ("Let it Go"). She constructs an elaborate ice palace, changes her confining wardrobe into a shimmering dress, and vows to stay in seclusion, where she feels she can be herself, and harm no one else. The next morning, Anna is seen travelling slowly through knee-deep snow on horseback. Her journey is hindered when her horse is spooked by falling snow and runs off. She is forced to spend the rest of the day trudging through knee deep snow, all the while griping that she wishes Elsa had the ability to cover the fjords in a tropical paradise. She sighs with relief upon seeing a building with smoke coming from a chimney. Just then, Anna slips and falls into an ice-cold creek, which freezes her dress stiff. She staggers the rest of the way to the cabin with the chimney, a place known as Wandering Oaken's Trading Post and Sauna, run by its burly owner, Oaken ( Chris Williams ). Anna quickly staggers into Oaken's store. He doesn't have much winter gear in stock (it's supposed to be the off season), aside from one pair of boots and a single women's mink coat. Anna inquires if Elsa has visited recently, but Oaken tells her that she's the only person crazy enough to be out in a storm like this. As if on cue, Kristoff staggers in out of the storm, seeking to buy some rope, an axe, and carrots for Sven. Oaken can't help but notice that Kristoff is bundled up tightly. Kristoff replies that there's a real howler going on up on the North Mountain. As Anna waits for Oaken to return his attention to her, Kristoff argues with Oaken over the outrageous price gouging on the items he needs (due to Oaken claiming that there's a supply and demand problem since Kristoff is buying from the almost-bare shelves of the winter department), which ends with Oaken roughly throwing Kristoff out into the snow after Kristoff makes the mistake of calling him a crook. Kristoff and Sven take refuge in a barn on Oaken's property, but are soon met by Anna, who has bought Kristoff's supplies for him, on condition he take her up the North Mountain immediately. Kristoff eventually agrees. Anna and Kristoff set off into the night with Sven driving. As the discussion turns to Elsa, Anna explains about her whirlwind engagement to Hans. Kristoff is incredulous at Anna's foolhardiness in getting engaged to someone she just met that day, to the point that he quizzes her about Hans to see how little she really knows about him. Their conversation is interrupted when the sled is ambushed by a pack of wolves. Kristoff is initially reluctant to let Anna assist him, but Anna proves to be useful and manages to take out a few of the wolves by herself. There is a moment of panic when the two see a gaping ravine up ahead. Kristoff hurriedly throws Anna onto Sven's back, then, just as they reach the cliff, he uses his knife to cut Sven's harness. Anna and Sven successfully clear the chasm, and Kristoff does, just barely, but his sled falls to the bottom of the ravine and explodes. Kristoff is at first upset that his sled is gone (as he'd just paid it off), but after "arguing" with Sven (which consists of Kristoff speaking his own opinion in his own voice and then delivering Sven's "counterargument" in a goofy voice), decides to help Anna keep going, worried for her safety. Anna promises she will replace the sled. Early the next morning, Anna and Kristoff enter a frosted-over glen. They suddenly hear a new voice and meet a talking snowman named Olaf ( Josh Gad ). The introductions don't go smoothly, as Anna screams and kicks Olaf's head off upon first seeing him. Anna doesn't recognize Olaf until he gives his name and adds, "and I like warm hugs." This jogs Anna's memories and she remembers building him with Elsa when they were young. Anna and Kristoff mention that they're looking for Elsa so they can restore summertime, and Olaf suddenly grows excited; it's his dream to see what summer is like, and he fantasizes about what he wants to do in the summertime in a Busby-Berkeley dance number ("In Summer"). Anna and Kristoff choose not to reveal that he will melt in the summer heat, but follow him as he leads them to Elsa's ice palace. In the late afternoon, Anna, Kristoff and Olaf arrive at Elsa's ice palace. Sven waits at the bottom of the stairway leading up to the front doors, as his feet can't get a grip on the icy steps. Meanwhile, when they get to the front door, Anna tells Kristoff and Olaf to wait outside, warning them that the last time she introduced Elsa to a guy, she froze everything (making Elsa look like an overprotective sister). The dejected Olaf and Kristoff wait outside and start counting to 60 while Anna heads inside. Inside, Anna is stunned at the glorious interior of the palace and, even more amazed, to see the new ice dress Elsa has conjured for herself. Though Elsa is happy to see Anna and quickly forgives her for the argument that happened at the coronation party, she becomes nervous and suggests Anna leave so she can't do any harm to her. The conversation is momentarily interrupted when Olaf crashes the meeting (having taken Anna's request of "give us a minute" quite literally). Elsa is astonished to find that her powers include the ability to conjure up living snowmen. As it turns out, Elsa is surprised to learn that her entire kingdom is frozen, and Anna is surprised in turn to learn that Elsa doesn't know how to stop it. But Anna insists her sister's powers are no reason why they should be so distant. However, having seen Olaf, Elsa flashes back to accidentally hitting Anna in the head with her snow abilities and grows scared, demanding Anna leave. Elsa retreats to the upper portion of the palace, and Anna follows her, pleading with her sister that they can solve this problem together ("For the First Time In Forever (Reprise)"). But Elsa grows so upset that she unleashes an icy chill, of which a portion strikes Anna in her heart. Elsa retreats to the upper portion of the palace, and Anna follows her, pleading with her sister that they can solve this problem together ("For the First Time In Forever (Reprise)"). But Anna's promising to stand by her sister's side and help her, Elsa only grows more agitated and nervous resulting in her magic flaring. This time, a blast of magic bursts out and strikes Anna in the heart. Elsa, in desperation to get her sister to safety, creates a giant snow creature (that Olaf calls "Marshmallow") to throw them out. Marshmallow deposits Anna, Kristoff and Olaf on the front steps outside the ice palace. Though he initially leaves them alone, Anna is pissed off and quickly throws a snowball at him. Marshmallow is provoked, and chases Anna and Kristoff into the woods. Marshmallow manages to corner them at the edge of a cliff, though Kristoff immediately begins digging a snow anchor by using a rope to safely guide himself and Anna down the mountain to safety. Marshmallow, however, catches up to them, though Olaf tries to stop him (to comically little success). Marshmallow, annoyed, kicks Olaf over the cliff, and continues his chase for Anna and Kristoff. He pulls them up to his face by the rope, and screams in their face "DON"T COME BACK!". Anna then grabs Kristoff's knife and cuts the rope. This sends the duo into freefall, onto a twenty foot deep pile of fresh snow. With his mission to drive them away complete, Marshmallow returns to the ice palace. As they recover from the landing, Kristoff notices that Anna's hair has started to turn white. Fearful that she may be injured, Kristoff takes her to his family...who happen to be a group of rock trolls -- the same ones that saved Anna many years before. Kristoff explains that as he had no family at a young age, the trolls took him and Sven in. The trolls are overjoyed to meet Anna, and at first they eagerly believe that she is Kristoff's steady girlfriend, so they try to marry them in a dance number ("Fixer-Upper"), and almost get all the way through the vows before being stopped by the accidental participants. However, he tells them that she is injured and needs their assistance. Just as he did 13 years ago, Grand Pabbie comes forward and examines Anna, but concludes that this time her sister's powers struck her in the heart. Pabbie cannot save her; Anna's heart has begun to freeze. Grand Pabbie says "an act of true love can melt a frozen heart." Anna quickly tells Kristoff that Hans can surely help, and they take off for Arendelle. Meanwhile in the city, Hans has been providing shelter and help for Arendelle's people. When Anna's horse returns, riderless, Hans asks for volunteers to join him in bringing Anna back. The Duke of Weselton volunteers his two bodyguards, and secretly tells them to shoot Elsa if they should encounter her. The next morning, Hans's party arrives at Elsa's ice castle. Shortly after they arrive, Hans orders that no harm is to come to Elsa. While everyone agrees, the Duke's thugs quietly disagree, still following the Duke's orders to kill her. The moment they come close enough, Marshmallow reveals himself from the form of snow boulders piled up by the base of the stairs, and jumps right into battle. The archer immediately attack the beast with their arrows, infuriating Marshmallow and causing his ultimate form to be unleashed. Marshmallow is able to hold most of the guards off. Hans, however, proves to be a fierce warrior himself, avoiding each of Marshmallow's attacks and eventually using his sword to slice the snow monster's leg off and cause him to lose balance and begin tumbling over to a large gorge. With Marshmallow wounded, Hans begins heading inside Elsa's castle. Marshmallow, however, doesn't give up, giving one last swing in attempt to drag Hans down with him. Marshmallow fails, and plummets down into the chasm below, apparently to his death. While Hans has been battling Marshmallow, the Duke's two men have managed to use the distraction to barge up the ice steps and into the castle, where they corner Elsa. Despite her pleading for them to not shoot, they shoot at her. She quickly forms walls of ice as shields to block their shots. Eventually, she has the beardless thug pinned to a wall by several icicles and is on the verge of using a wall of ice to shove the bearded thug off the balcony. Hans and his men show up just in time and Hans pleads for her to stop, so she doesn't become the monster people accuse her of being. Elsa settles down a bit at Hans' words, realizing what she's doing. The guy pinned to the wall, still complying with the orders of the Duke, aims his crossbow at Elsa's head and prepares to shoot her. Hans suddenly runs over and deflects the bow. The arrow is released and hits the bolt attaching an icy chandelier to the ceiling, which begins to fall straight for Elsa's head. Elsa tries to run, but the falling chandelier fragments and knocks her unconscious. When Elsa wakes up, she's back at the castle in a dungeon cell, her hands chained and encased in steel mitts. As she looks out over the frozen kingdom, Hans appears, telling Elsa that Anna has not returned, and pleads with her to stop the winter. Elsa claims she can't, and must be let go to keep others from being harmed. Meanwhile, Kristoff and Sven arrive at the castle. Anna's condition has grown worse, a chill coursing through her, and more of her hair has turned white. Several of the castle staff escort her in; she looks back as Kristoff and Sven leave. Anna is brought to Hans and tells him that he has to kiss her in order to save her. The castle staff in the room quickly leave to give them privacy. Hans places Anna in a chair, leans in as if to kiss her... and says "Oh, Anna, if only there was someone here who loved you!" As Anna looks at him in shock, Hans explains that as the youngest of 13 brothers, he had no chance at claiming his family's throne, so he went looking for a royal family he could marry into. Unable to get to Elsa, he made Anna's acquaintance and played on her naivete. He intended to marry her before causing some form of "accident" for Elsa that would clear his path to the throne. However, given Anna's current condition, he plans to simply let her frozen heart overcome her, then stab Elsa, ending the eternal winter. Anna tries to stop Hans, but he extinguishes the fire in the nearby fireplace before locking her in the room. It is then that Anna collapses, her hair now completely white. Hans goes to speak with the duke of Weselton and several other dignitaries. He claims that Elsa has caused Anna to freeze to death, but before she died he and Anna recited their wedding vows. This apparently is enough to give him full authority to declare Elsa guilty of treason and sentence her to death. The palace guards go to Elsa's cell, but are detained when a wall of the cell collapses. While they are held up, Elsa freezes her shackles to the point that they shatter, and then breaks through the wall to the outside. Meanwhile, far from Arendelle, Kristoff and Sven are trekking away when Sven urges Kristoff to go back. Kristoff claims he has no need to, but as they look back at Arendelle, a mysterious swirling cloud of snow begins to engulf the kingdom. The two then take off towards the growing danger. Olaf has managed to find Anna in the locked room, and seeing her freezing, quickly lights a fire in the fireplace. Anna explains that Hans wasn't her true love, and that Olaf should leave or he'll melt. However, the little snowman says he will not leave her side until he finds an act of true love that can save her. As they talk, Olaf recalls how Kristoff did so much to get her back to save her, when the wind blows a window open. Olaf goes to close it, but in the distance he sees Kristoff and Sven charging towards them. This gives Anna hope. She realizes that they're in love: maybe Kristoff can save her. Olaf helps her up, but in the hallway, ice springs up to block their path. Going out a window, the two slide down the castle's steep roofs. Anna attempts to make her way across the icy fjord, with Olaf close behind. However, as the wind picks up, Olaf is blown away, and Anna finds her hands are turning to ice. Even so, she continues to move forward, calling out Kristoff's name. Meanwhile, Hans has found Elsa wandering the ice of the fjord. Thinking he's come for her, Elsa tells him to leave her alone, and take care of Anna. Hans lies and says that Anna was killed by Elsa's magic. The pain of this causes Elsa to collapse, the snow in the air suddenly hanging in stillness. The clearing of the whiteout enables Kristoff to see Anna, and he runs to her, but as Anna looks around, she sees Hans about to stab Elsa. Even with her own life at stake, Anna rushes in front of Hans, blocking the knife. As she does so, her frozen heart finally consumes her, turning her into a statue of ice, and shattering Hans' blade. Kristoff and Sven arrive seconds later. Seeing Anna turned to ice, Elsa breaks down in tears, hugging her sister. No one is sure what to say, when Anna's icy form begins to change and gain color, and she returns to normal! Anna broke her own spell: saving Elsa was an act of true love. It is then that Elsa realizes what can end the winter: love. And with this realization, she dissipates the ice and snow, and summer returns to the kingdom. Olaf is found, and before he can melt, Elsa creates a perpetual snow flurry above his head, which lets him survive the summer heat. In the aftermath, Hans is taken back to his kingdom by a French ambassador, who promise to see he is punished for his attempted regicide. The duke is as hotheaded as ever and tries to play the innocent victim. But remembering that he sent two men to kill her, Elsa issues a decree to sever all trade with Weselton. To piss the duke off even further, she tells the messenger to call his duchy "Weasel Town." Meanwhile, Anna makes good on her promise and replaces Kristoff's sled. She also tells him that Elsa has appointed him the castle's official ice deliverer. Kristoff is so grateful that he kisses her. If he wonders why a queen who can conjure ice out of thin air needs ice deliveries, he keeps the question to himself. Having come to grips with her powers and learning they can be a blessing and not a curse, Elsa uses them to create a wintry spectacle in the summer sky. She also turns the castle's courtyard into an ice rink, where she informs Anna that the gates to the castle will never be closed again. With the city's people in attendance, the sisters skate around the rink, happy that they are finally together again. After the credits are over, we cut back to Elsa's ice palace, where it's revealed that Marshmallow survived the fall after Hans cut off his leg. Wandering through the empty ice palace, he finds the tiara that Elsa tossed away during "Let It Go", and puts it on his head, smiling to himself, and the spikes and fangs on his back quickly retract. 