nm0005029:

 Going Greek (2001)Summaries Loner freshman Jake Taylor is forced to join the wildest fraternity on campus... Loner freshman Jake Taylor is forced to join the wildest fraternity on campus when the frat brothers refuse to accept his geeky cousin/roommate unless Jake agrees to pledge with him. As the semester progresses, Jake struggles to maintain his grades as well as his affair with Paige, a beautiful sophomore who hates all fraternities. Through naked scavenger hunts, sorority ass-signings and all night beer fests, Jake discovers that he's actually beginning to enjoy himself. But when both his scholarship and his relationship with Paige are threatened, Jake must swallow his pride and turn to his fellow pledges for help or risk losing everything. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Black Christmas (2006)541) On Christmas Eve, an escaped maniac returns to his childhood home, which is now a sorority house, and begins to murder the sorority sisters one by one. In the 70's, the boy Billy is born with yellow skin due to a liver disease and his dysfunctional mother rejects him. Later he witnesses his mother and her lover killing his beloved father and burying him in the basement of their house, and he is locked in the attic alone along his childhood. When he is a teenager, he is sexually abused by his mother and she has a baby girl called Agnes. During Christmas, the deranged Billy escapes from his imprisonment, kills his mother and stepfather and blinds one eye of Agnes. He is declared insane and his sister is sent to an orphanage. In the present days, Billy escapes from the Clark Sanatorium to spend Christmas with his family. Meanwhile, his former house is the Delta Alpha Kappa sorority house in the campus of the Clement University, and the housemother and the sisters Kelli Presley, Dana, Lauren Hannon, Megan, Heather, Megan Helms, Melissa and Eve Agnew are preparing the house for Christmas party in a stormy night while Clair Crosby is in her room writing a card to bury the hatchet with her sister. When three sisters vanish, the others receive weird phone calls and believe something is wrong, but they find that they are trapped in the location. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The movie tells the story about Billy, a young boy who was abused by his mother as a child. While his mother was cheating on Billy's father, she eventually killed his father and kept Billy in the attic - for good, while she was with her lover and starting a "new" family. As Billy's mother fell pregnant with a daughter and treated her with love, which Billy had never experienced with his mother, Billy came out of the attic after years and brutally murdered his mother and her lover. Cut to present day, a group of eight sorority sisters consisting of Kelli, Dana, Lauren, Megan, Claire, Heather, Megan and Melissa and their house mother, who now live in Billy's childhood home, find themselves being harassed by threatening and intimidating mystery phone-calls during Christmas Break and as one of the girls goes missing, the girls begin being murdered one by one by no other than Billy... Anonymous Not all Christmas stories are full of cheer - take the disturbing childhood of Billy Lenz, for example. Born during Christmas, little Billy Lenz suffered from Jaundice because of a liver defect, and was unwanted by his cruel mother (who only saw the husband she'd come to despise when she looked at her son). While she let her true feelings be known to him with beatings and abuse, only his father showed him compassion like a parent should. But on Christmas Eve in 1975, his unfaithful mother gave him one of the most cruelest gifts of all, as she made five-year-old Billy observe his beloved father's brutal murder at her own hands and those of her lover with a claw hammer. Before burying him under the house, she locked Billy in the attic for good, to hold his silence of what he'd witnessed that night. His only contact from then on was when she came to punish him for making a noise or other such trivial nuisances, while she was with her lover and starting a "new" family. As Billy's mother fell pregnant with a daughter and treated her with love, which Billy had never experienced with his mother, Billy came out of the attic on Christmas Eve 1991, taking a rolling pin to his mother's head, and a pointed tree ornament to her lovers eye before leaving his sister as disfigured as he was by blinding her. Before he could finish the job police forced there way in and dragged him off to mental institution and his sister a foster home, whose eye sight was saved in one eye... but not the other. Cut to the present where a security guard has been monitoring Billy's progress since he came into his care, back in 1991. Knowing full well that during this time for fifteen years, Billy has made a break from this asylum, but never succeeding... until now. Far away, his childhood home is now a sorority house, where nine sisters and their house-mother are celebrating the holiday season together ...but tonight they're about to get a surprise visitor... and it's not Santa. suspicous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a snowy winter night on Christmas Eve, in the Alpha Kappa Gamma sorority house, Lauren ( Yan-Kay Crystal Lowe ) is getting changed into her pajamas. In the next room Clair Crosby ( Leela Savasta ) is writing a Christmas card to her half-sister, Leigh ( Kristen Cloke ). Suddenly she hears something from her closet. She goes over to the closet door and looks inside. Nothing but clothes. She goes back to her card and sees that her fountain pen is missing. Suddenly a figure wraps a bag around her head. In the struggle, the figure stabs the pen into her eye. At a mental institution not far away, Billy Lenz ( Robert Mann ) is being served his Christmas dinner. He is locked away, rocking back and fourth in his rocking chair, safely in his cell that is decorated with Christmas lights. The orderly serving the food gets a scare from a volunteer dressed as Santa who is looking for the children's ward. Security guard J. Bailey ( Ron Selmour ) makes jokes to the orderly about Billy trying to escape every year. The orderly and Santa walk away, leaving the security guard alone in the hall. Billy opens the small window on his cell and places a present wrapped in newspaper on the ledge for the security guard. The security guard opens it to find nothing that interesting, except on the newspaper is written "I'll be home for Christmas." The security guard looks into the cell to find it empty and Billy's chair rocking back and fourth. He quickly opens the cell and goes inside, to find a hole in the wall. He takes his flashlight and looks into the hole, as Billy comes from under the bed and stabs him in the neck with a candy cane. Billy leaves the cell and kills the man dressed as Santa. He steals his outfit, stuffs his body in a bag, and leaves the institution, dumping the bag in the dumpster with the man's hand sticking out from the bag. Outside of the sorority house, Kelli Presley ( Katie Cassidy ) and her boyfriend Kyle Autry ( Oliver Hudson ) are talking in his car. She tells him that she is going to spend Christmas with her roommates but that she will make it up to him. He is disappointed because this is their first Christmas together. She kisses him goodbye and goes inside the house. As she does her fellow sorority sister Megan Helms ( Jessica Harmon ) calls Kyle on his cell phone. Meanwhile, Megan is in her room, watching an old home made porn movie that features her and Kyle. Kyle hangs up the phone. Kelli goes inside and greets everyone, including Melissa Kitt ( Michelle Trachtenberg ), her best friend. Heather Fitzgerald ( Mary Elizabeth Winstead ), Dana Mathis ( Lacey Chabert ), Lauren Hannon and Ms. MacHenry ( Andrea Martin ), the house mother who loves all of the girls and accepts their flaws. They have a "secret Santa" gift giving thing going and Ms. Mac wants to know who got Billy. According to her, Billy ( Cainan Wiebe ) killed his family here. When Billy was born, he has a liver disorder that makes his skin yellow. His father loves him regardless but his mother is disappointed and wants nothing to do with him. They live in the house that is now the sorority house. As Billy gets a bit older he is treated even worse by his mother, who has become an alcoholic. On Christmas, when he is five, his mother tells him Santa was shot down by the Russians. His father, however, tells him he has a present for him hidden in a stow-away space in Billy's closet. Billy goes into his room, which will become Eve's in the present day, and finds a telescope, making him briefly very happy. However his mother and father are not getting along very well, and his mom is having an affair. Moments after finding the telescope, Billy hears arguing and looks under the door to witness his father with a bag over his head and his head being bashed in with a hammer. Billy runs back to his room as his mother and her lover take the body outside and begin to bury it in the crawl space under the house. Billy is watching this and is discovered. His mother chases him into the attic and locks him in there. All of the girls are horrified by this story but Ms. Mac assures them it is all true. Heather says she was the one who drew Billy's name for secret Santa but she thought it was wrong to buy him a gift because he was a murderer and it was offensive to the birth of Jesus to make a mockery of gift giving. Heather starts to go upstairs to her room but runs into Eve Agnew ( Kathleen Kole ). Eve has been upstairs the whole time and is leaving to go visit her family. She gives Heather her secret Santa gift, a crystal statue of a unicorn. Heather is less than impressed and bids Eve farewell. Eve goes towards the door but Ms. Mac tells her she has a present for her. Before she can find it, Eve leaves, obviously disappointed by Heather's reaction. Kelli and Lauren go upstairs to tell Clair and Megan they are going to open the presents. Clair obviously doesn't answer. Lauren pounds on the door and says she is going to steal her presents if she doesn't get down here. Laughing, Kelli does this on Megan's door. Megan tells them to go away and she doesn't want to open presents. They leave and Megan hears a snow globe tune playing in the attic. She goes into the attic and asks if someone is playing a joke. She gets more then she bargained for when she finds Clair's body by the window in a rocking chair. Someone comes from behind and smashes the snow globe into her head. She falls onto the ground as a bag is put over her head. She fights back, but the figure rips out one of her eyes with their bare hand! The home phone rings, Melissa answers it and puts it on loud-speaker. The caller is making all sorts of weird noises. Lauren teases him, and the caller threatens to kill Lauren before hanging up. Heather says someone is obviously sick in the head and doesn't need to be provoked by Lauren. Melissa checks the caller ID and is surprised to see it's coming from Megan's cell. They assure themselves it's just a joke. They open their presents, with Ms. Mac getting some lingerie as a gag gift. Everyone laughs and Kelli goes back upstairs to check on the girls. Kyle suddenly pops out of Megan's room. Kelli screams and the other girls rush upstairs. Kyle apologizes and says he wanted to surprise her. Ms. Mac asks if Megan is in her room and Kyle says he doesn't know. Lauren asks him how he could have just been in her room and not know if she is in there. He explains that it's really dark in there. He makes a joke about Billy getting her. He then tells everyone another story about Billy's past. Billy was kept in the attic for many years. His mother and stepfather lived happily without him. Everything was wonderful except his mom couldn't get pregnant by his step-father, and was sexually frustrated by his inability to maintain an erection. On Christmas, when Billy was twelve, she crept into the attic and had sex with him, her own son! Nine months later she gave birth to a baby girl named Agnes ( Dean Friss ). She loves Agnes, and uses the occasion to further reject Billy, looking up to the attic where Billy is kept, and saying in reference to Agnes, "She's my family now." Variants of this line are used repeatedly in the rest of the movie. As Agnes grew older, Billy became jealous. One Christmas, Agnes got a doll for a present. A jealous Billy releases a tantrum and breaks the attic door open and rushes to the living room, attacking Agnes and pulling out one of her eyes, stabbing his stepfather in the face and beating his mom to death with a dough roller. When the police arrive on the scene, they find him eating a cookie made from his mother's flesh. Agnes was put into an orphanage and no one knows where she is today. The girls are freaked out by the story. Kelli goes inside Megan's room and finds the porn video on the computer. She breaks down and Kyle tells her it was from a long time ago. Kelli screams for him to leave the house and he becomes enraged, calling the women "spoilt bitches." Ms. Mac goes off on him about treating Kelli like that, pushing him towards the stairs. As Kyle leaves, a figure is standing by the tree looking at the presents. Ms. Mac asks who the person is. Clair's half-sister, Leigh tells the girls that Claire never called her, telling her she was ready to be picked up and she is worried. Dana says she even had no idea Clair had a sister. Leigh explains they are only half-sisters and are trying to get to know each other. Suddenly the power goes out in the house. Dana says the circuit breaker is under the house and she will go turn it on. She goes outside and smokes, dropping her cigarette into a hole on the porch. She hears someone underneath it. Taking her flashlight she opens the door to the crawl space and looks inside. Suddenly someone grabs her, pulling her in. The two struggle as the figure grabs a gardening tool and stabs Dana in the head. Lauren is beyond drunk now, having been drinking booze the whole night. Melissa tells her she smells and needs to shower. As she showers, someone watches from a broken tile in the floor. After the shower, Lauren goes to bed. Everyone starts asking where the other girls are, since Clair, Megan and Dana have disappeared. Kelli questions what is taking Dana so long, and is even more startled when someone calls from Dana's cell number and hangs up. The rest of the girls go outside to look for Dana. Heather and Leigh find Eve's car still parked outside. They open the car door and scream as Eve's severed head rolls out. The girls scream and run back into the house, locking the door behind them. Kelli calls the police but because of the snow it may take over two hours for them to arrive. Ms. Mac tells everyone that they can pile into her car and try to find help. Kelli says that they won't get far and that they need to stick together. Heather says she wants to leave, and Ms. Mac tells the girls that they can stay and she will go with Heather to find help. The two go outside and get in the car. Ms. Mac gets out of the car to scrape the ice off of the windshield. As she begins to scrape Billy's yellow eye comes into view inside the car. Ms. Mac gasps as he kills Heather, her blood spraying all over the windshield. Ms. Mac falls against the garage door, causing an icicle to fall from above which impales her head. Leigh notices that Ms. Mac hasn't left yet. She decides to go see what's going on. Kelli decides to go out with her, leaving Melissa and a sleeping Lauren behind. As they leave the house a figure grabs Heather's unicorn statue and walks down the hall. In the garage, Leigh slips on Ms. Mac's blood and screams. Upon hearing this Melissa rushes towards the stairs. A figure grabs wraps a bag over her head, slamming her into a wall. She rips the bag off and rushes through the house and into her room. She grabs a stick and hits the figure with it. Melissa opens a window and is going to climb out but the figure throws an ice-skate at her, cutting off the back of her head. Kelli and Leigh rush inside and call for Melissa. There is no answer and they go to Lauren's room, closing the door behind them. But someone is on the other side of the door and kicks it open. It's Kyle. Leigh attacks him and he throws her against Lauren's bed, causing the covers fall off of Lauren, who is very much dead with her eyes gouged out! Everyone screams and Kyle insists he isn't the killer. Kelli calls Lauren's cell phone and hears it ringing in the attic. She explains that the killer might be in the attic with her phone. Kyle opens the attic door and is pulled inside. Kelli and Leigh try to get into the attic but the door is slams shut. Kyle fights back as a bag is put over his head. Kelli breaks the door open and witnesses Kyle being stabbed with the unicorn statue, then one of his eyes being ripped out and eaten! Leigh attacks the figure and is thrown across the attic, discovering her half-sisters body still in the rocking chair. The figure attacks Kelli and Leigh tries to help but is knocked into a hole in the floor. A bag is put over Kelli's head but she grabs a fork and stabs the figure in the eye. She gets up and sees the figure has a glass eye. It's Agnes. Kelli tells Agnes everything is okay and she doesn't have to do this. She tells him her brother isn't here, he is still locked away. Agnes tells her that she doesn't have a brother, only a father. Billy comes from behind and lights a candle. Agnes attacks Kelli but is knocked into another hole in the floor that pins her between the walls! Billy pushes Kelli into the same hole, accidentally knocking over the candle. Kelli has grabbed onto a string of Christmas light attached to a small tree, trying to keep from falling completely in. She screams for help as Agnes starts to crawl up the hole. Leigh comes to her rescue, smashing open the wall. Agnes grabs Leigh's head but she manages to fight her off. Leigh runs through the house and smashes out another wall, finally reaching the spot where Kelli is trapped. Billy is climbing into the hole and Agnes is crawling up it! Leigh grabs Kelli and pulls her to safety as the Christmas tree catches fire (along with the rest of the attic) and falls into the hole, burning Agnes and Billy. The two survivors rush outside. At the hospital Kelli is going to have some tests done to make sure she is okay. Leigh has a present in her hand from Clair. She tells Kelli she wants to open it now because she won't be able to open it in front of her family. She says that she is glad she got to know Clair before all of this happened. She opens the present and finds a watch engraved with "Family Forever." She starts to cry as a nurse comes in and tells Kelli they need her for some x-rays. Some time later Leigh goes back to Kelli room to see if she is back from the x-rays. A body with blonde hair lays in the bed, but as she approaches the person turns over to reveal Agnes. Leigh screams as Agnes grabs her by the throat and snaps her neck. Kelli comes back into the room and feels something is wrong. She finds Leigh's new watch. She sees blood on the ceiling above her and starts to leave the room, but Agnes grabs her from behind the curtain and starts to strangle her. Kelli grabs a defibrillator paddle and shocks Agnes in the head with it, killing her. This is the ending for the UK version. The US version continues from here when Billy comes down from the ceiling, as Kelli rushes from the room. She grabs some crutches that are in the hall and starts to beat him with it. She turns to run, thinking he is unconscious but he grabs her foot, causing her to fall over a medical cart. Billy grabs a scalpel from the pile of medical supplies now on the floor and takes chase. Kelli rushes to the stairs as Billy comes from behind, slashing her with the scalpel. She grabs him and throws him over the stairway, causing him to fall on top of the Christmas tree below, impaling him. His intestines spew out, he is very much dead, and Kelli is left to look on in shock as the credits start... 
 Walk of Shame (2014)651) A reporter's dream of becoming a news anchor is compromised after a one-night stand leaves her stranded in downtown L.A. without a phone, car, ID or money - and only 8 hours to make it to the most important job interview of her life. Meghan Miles is a TV correspondent who works at a local Tv station. She gets an opportunity to work at a network. She goes home to celebrate with her boyfriend. Her friends show up to celebrate with her. But they find her despondent. It seems like her boyfriend left without saying good bye and the network is leaning towards someone else. Her friends convince her to go out and get drunk. They get her to put on a hot dress. She eventually gets so drunk that a guy offers to take her home but she prefers to go to his place. And she spends the night. When she wakes up she gets s call telling her that the network is reconsidering her so she has to go to work but her car was towed away and her wallet which in her purse is also in it. And she left her phone at the guy's place. She then finds herself wandering around downtown LA and runs into drug dealers and people think she's a hooker. So she has to find a way get to work. And even the police are after her. rcs0411@yahoo.com In Los Angeles, the journalist Meghan Miles is disputing the anchor position of a TV network with another candidate. Megan is a calm woman from Texas that has just broken with her boyfriend. Her friends Rose and Denise come to her house to celebrate her new job, but she learns that the other candidate has won the position. However her friends convince her to go to a night-club to drink to forget the deception and she wears a sexy yellow dress. She gets drunk and a stranger called Gordon offers to drive her home, but she prefers to go to his apartment and they have one night stand. When she wakes up, she finds a message in her cellular from a friend telling that she had been selected for the anchor position and her friend advises her to rest since her audition will be on the next day. Meghan leaves Gordon's apartment and finds that her car has been towed away with her purse. Further, the door of the building is locked and she does not know the number of the apartment where Gordon lives. So she decides to take a cab to retrieve her car, but the driver is a foreigner and misunderstands the tow place and she ends alone without money in the red zone downtown LA. Meghan sees a police car but the officers are douchebag and believe she is a prostitute. Meghan stumbles with drug dealers that try to help her but she only gets in trouble during the long night. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Straight-laced Meghan Miles is having a string of bad luck. Her live-in fianc Kyle has just broken up with her, basically emptying out their apartment. A local Los Angeles on-air reporter turned local news anchor, she is included in a broadcast news blooper reel posted online, albeit one little seen or known. She is hoping to hide that fact when she goes in for an interview for a national network news anchor position. Despite the network not finding out about her on-air mishap, Meghan eventually learns that, although being on the short list of two, she ends up in second place. To cheer her up, Meghan's best friends Rose and Denise take her out on the town for an evening of boozing and generally whooping it up, behavior which is atypical for Meghan. That atypical behavior includes borrowing one of Denise's skin-tight short short dresses instead of wearing her regular attire of a pantsuit. The evening, which ends up including a one night stand with Gordon, a Renaissance man who was the bartender at the club, takes an uphill turn when Meghan learns that she will get the national network job if she impresses the network brass at the next local newscast a five o'clock. However, Meghan getting to the studio on time and prepared is not as easy as it should be as she, working her way from Gordon's apartment, eventually ends up without her car and money, and clad only in Denise's less than professional skin tight dress (that is unless one is talking about the oldest profession). As such, she gets into one misadventure after another with no guarantee that she will make it to the studio on time, or if she does that she will come across as she wants. Huggo On the verge of finally getting that big promotion and the job of her dreams, the local Los Angeles newscaster and hopeful network television anchorwoman, Meghan Miles, receives a double blow on the same day, when her fianc leaves her, and she discovers that she loses the job she wants. As a result, in a desperate attempt to drown her sorrows, Meghan will resolve to a wild girls-only night out, only to find herself in the bedroom of the cute and sensitive bartender, Gordon, in the following morning. And then, an unexpected phone-call puts Meghan back in the picture, as long as she can make it in time; however, without a phone, a car, or money, and wrapped in a snug bumblebee-yellow dress with a pair of matching stilettos, somehow, crossing L.A. on foot is easier said than done. Is all hope lost? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a montage of news anchors making mistakes on air, like cursing accidentally or saying the wrong words, or even getting physically hurt and pooped on by birds. The last of these is Meghan Miles (Elizabeth Banks), reporting from a pet store where she is pounced on by multiple cats. Meghan is up for a job as an anchorwoman. Her mother calls her to wish her luck. Meghan does an interview, presenting herself as a clean-cut girl to please her superiors. She goes up to do a news report on an impending traffic jam that they call "Carpocalypse Now". Keeping an eye in the sky is Chopper Steve (Kevin Nealon), a reporter who spends his down time texting and swearing. Meghan's friends Rose (Gillian Jacobs) and Denise (Sarah Wright Olsen) go to her house that evening to celebrate her impending promotion. They find Meghan lying on her couch holding a picture of a dog, looking melancholy. Her boyfriend Kyle (Oliver Hudson) dumped her and took all his stuff, including the dog. To add insult to injury, Meghan's producer Dan (Willie Garson) calls her to tell her that the anchorwoman job went to another reporter named Wendy Chang. Distraught, Meghan starts crying, so her friends propose that they go out that night and get drunk. Rose makes Denise give Meghan her dress so that she will look slutty. The ladies go to a club where Meghan gets very drunk). She almost leaves with a guy, but then walks out onto the fire escape. She is helped down by the bartender, Gordon (James Marsden). The two go back to his place and drink more, share a pizza, and eventually sleep together. When Meghan wakes up, she goes through her messages on her phone and listens to one from Dan. Turns out Wendy Chang was dropped from the anchorwoman position after risque photos of her were discovered, so Meghan has another shot at the job. She quickly dresses herself and leaves the apartment, only to find out she parked her car in a tow-away zone. She sees her car getting towed and fails to catch up to it. She finds an off-duty cab driver (Ken Davitian) and tells him to take her to the impound lot, describing it as the places where they "tow to". The cabbie misinterprets this as "Tattoo", which is a strip club, thinking Meghan is a stripper. She tells him he's got the wrong idea, and he tells her to give him a lap dance to four songs instead of paying. Meghan reluctantly agrees, but then runs away from the cabbie into a dark alley. Meghan continues trying to ask other drivers for help, unaware that she is in an area where prostitutes solicit. Two police officers, Dave (Ethan Suplee) and Walter (Bill Burr), see her and threaten to arrest her, believing Meghan to be a prostitute. As the sun rises, Meghan happens upon a crack dealer, Scrilla (Lawrence Gilliard Jr.). The police drive up on the area, forcing the two to run. Meghan ends up in the dealer's crack house with his two partners, Hulk (Da'Vone McDonald) and Pookie (Alphonso McAuley). Scrilla and Hulk immediately think Meghan is either an undercover cop or a hooker, but Pookie recognizes her as "the bitch from the news." He then offers Meghan tips on how to connect with a more diverse audience, saying she needs to present herself to other demographics equally, and that she looks too stiff. They let her use Scrilla's phone to call for help, but she only remembers three numbers - hers, her parents' and Kyle's. She sends a text to her own phone, and then calls Kyle for help. He doesn't believe her and is unwilling to help her, even as Scrilla and Hulk threaten him. Suddenly, rival drug dealers storm the crack house and begin shooting at Scrilla and his boys. They and Meghan run like hell out of there. Meghan flees the scene, and Pookie gives her some crack as a gift. Meghan tries to hop on a bus without any money. An elderly passenger mistakes her for a hooker as well. The bus driver pepper sprays her in the face and throws her off the bus. Meghan then comes across a Jewish worship center and tries to ask a rabbi (PJ Byrne) for help. He also happens to mistake her for a temptress. She asks for just some change, and he tells her to sing to him. She sings "Call Me Maybe" and enchants the rabbi until other rabbis come, forcing Meghan to run again. All of this activity is reported to the police, forcing Officers Dave and Walter to chase her down. Meanwhile, Gordon sees the message from Meghan's phone and gets in touch with both Rose and Denise. They go to his apartment and manage to trust him enough to help look for Meghan. Denise comes up with the idea to call Keytective and trace the GPS on Meghan's car keys, which she still managed to keep. Meghan finds a pay phone and tries calling the news station to get in touch with Dan, but the operator doesn't believe her when she tells him she is Meghan Miles. Desperate, she tries to steal a boy's bike, but is caught by the kid. She pleads with him and tries to appeal to his good nature, but he just wants her to show him her boobs so he can take it. She shoves the kid away and rides off. Meghan runs from the cops by hiding out in a spa. She poses as a masseuse to a big hairy man, revealed to be the cabbie she stiffed. She runs from him and the cops before finally making it close to the impound lot. Unfortunately, it's past the freeway, right as traffic is coming in. Dave and Walter try to arrest her, but Meghan bolts out of there and narrowly avoids getting hit by a car. Meghan is thrilled to see her car waiting for her in the lot. However, she is not allowed to retrieve it without payment. Although she tries to convince the woman at the desk to let her get to her car and grab her purse so she can pay her, the woman is unconvinced and will only allow her for a bribe. Meghan leaves, defeated, until she she sees the back gates opening. She sneaks in and finds her car. She starts looking for her purse, only to find that her car was broken into and the purse is gone. Meghan slumps into her seat, feeling lower, but then decides "fuck it" and drives off. The woman at the desk sees her on the security camera and closes the gates, and also raises the tacks to take out her tires, leaving her stuck at the gates. Luckily, Gordon has found Meghan, and he gets her out of the car and into Rose's SUV. The friends drive Meghan away, only to get caught in the traffic jam. Thinking quickly, Meghan calls Dan to tell him she's on her way, and she also calls in Chopper Steve to pick her up. She gets into the chopper with Gordon and leaves, right before the cops pull up to Rose and Denise, too late to catch Meghan. Meghan finally makes it to the station and is quickly fixed up. She goes on the air to report the news, which turns out to be her own story, as her antics have gotten her dubbed the "Hooker Hoodlum". She starts to read the news by the script, but then comes clean on the air, admitting that she is the woman in the yellow dress that has been running through the streets on her "walk of shame", but instead of feeling ashamed, she calls out the citizens of the city for accusing her of being a hooker, and saying that she only wants to tell the news as the truth. She also takes the time to call out Kyle for being a terrible boyfriend (he is watching and is arrested by cops since his number was traced off the drug dealer's phone), and then gives a shout-out to Rose and Denise for being great friends, as well as Scrilla, Hulk, and Pookie (they cheer when they see this). She also mentions having met Gordon, as he is great for being there to help. Meghan leaves, knowing she has most likely lost her jobs. The producers from the studio approach Meghan, lauding her for the unexpected performance. They make negotiations with her to create a reality TV show about hookers going undercover to see what goes on around the city. She tells them that she will think about it and get back to them on that, as she needs shoes and a sandwich. The film ends with Meghan and Gordon walking away together romantically. 
 Executive Decision (1996)651) When terrorists seize control of an airliner, an intelligence analyst accompanies a commando unit for a midair boarding operation. Terrorists take over a 747 bound from Athens to Washington D.C., supposedly to effect the release of their leader. Intelligence expert David Grant suspects another reason and convinces the military that the 'plane should not be allowed to enter U.S. airspace. An assault mission is devised, using a specially equipped 'plane designed for mid-air crew transfers, and Grant finds himself aboard the 747 with a team of military anti-terrorists who have to defuse a bomb and overpower the terrorists. Ron Kerrigan <mvg@whidbey.com> A Boeing 747, Oceanic Airlines flight 343, has just taken off from Athens, Greece, and is headed for the USA. Minutes after takeoff, the airplane is taken hostage by a group of terrorists led by Nagi Hassan. One of the hostages is a United States senator named Mavros. Hassan is demanding the release of one of his comrades, Elsai ad Jaffa, who is being held by United States authorities. Lieutenant Colonel Austin Travis is the leader of a military team. As the jet approaches the USA, engineer Dennis Cahill designs a plan in which a military plane will be able to transfer Austin and his team onto the 747 in mid air. Also along for the mission will be Dennis and intelligence agent David Grant. When Austin is killed in the process of boarding the 747, David is forced to take over the rescue attempt, and after boarding the airplane, David and the military team discover that Hassan has some stolen Soviet nerve gas attached to a bomb, and he is using the 747 to smuggle the deadly gas into the United States, where he intends to use it to wipe out Washington D.C. and possibly the entire Eastern seaboard. It's up to Dennis to defuse the bomb while David and the team try to rescue the hostages from Hassan. Todd Baldridge When Oceanic Airlines flight 343 is hijacked, the U.S. Military devises a plan to get Army Commandoes onboard the jet at 39,000 feet. The hijackers are unaware of the commandoes, while the soldiers are unaware of a weapon planned to take out the eastern seaboard of the U.S., the rogue unit must fight against time and the shaky government before they blow the jet out of the sky. Nik Zauritz Some Arabs hijack an airliner and demand the release of their leader who is in American custody. They also intend to land in Washington for refueling. At the Pentagon, everyone there advises the National Security Advisor that they should let the plane land and then let the counter terrorist team of Colonel Austin Travis take them out. However, David Grant, an intelligence expert believes that this whole thing is a smokescreen. Grant believes that the Arab leader was abducted and brought to the Americans by his second in command, who is a fanatic. Also, that he has in his possession a biological weapon that could wipe out Washington and that it's on the plane. Now they have only two choices let them land and hope Grant is wrong or shoot the plane down along with every one on board. Colonel Travis suggests that they use a new plane that the military uses to transport men from it onto another aircraft while in flight. With no other option Travis is given the go ahead. Travis asks that Grant accompany him so that he can give them whatever info he can provide. However, it appears that Travis has another reason for bringing Grant along. It seems that awhile back they were sent on a mission to retrieve the biological weapon, but, in the end found that the weapon not there - one of Travis' men was also killed. It was Grant's Intel that sent them there. Now the aircraft link-up seems to be going well until the plane starts to break and fall apart. Half of the team including Travis doesn't make it. The ones that do (including Grant), and the man who built the plane they were on, have to carry out the mission. Unfortunately, some important equipment (communication link, knock out gas) didn't make it, so they have to do it the hard way. At the same time, the Pentagon, unsure if the men made it, have to again decide whether to let them land or shoot the plane down. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Trieste, Italy, Lieutenant Colonel Austin Travis (Steven Seagal) leads an unsuccessful U.S Special Forces raid on a Chechen mafia safe house to recover a stolen Soviet nerve agent called DZ-5 (also known as VX Gas). During the raid one of his men is killed, and the nerve agent is nowhere to be found, leaving the mission a bust. Three months later, Dr. David Grant (Kurt Russell), a U.S. Army intelligence expert, is informed that terrorist leader El Sayed Jaffa was abducted from his daughter's wedding by an unknown entity and anonymously delivered to U.S authorities. Meanwhile, a suicide bomber walks into a luxurious London, England restaurant and blows himself up after warning people to listen to the sound of Al Tha'r. That same day, Oceanic Airlines Flight 343, a Boeing 747-200, leaves Athens, Greece, bound for Washington, D.C., with over 400 passengers on board, including U.S. Senator Mavros (J.T Walsh), and a disguised Nagi Hassan (David Suchet), El Sayed Jaffa's deputy director. Soon after take-off Hassan and his men, having sneaked weapons on the flight, hijack the plane and sends a message under the name Al Tha'r demanding Jaffa's release. An armed deputy U.S Airline Marshal (Richard Riehle) who is on the plane but unable to prevent the hijack quickly conceals his badge and gun to avoid being identified and compromise the security of the passengers. Jean (Halle Berry), a flight attendant takes a huge risk by getting rid of the passengers manifest and lying to Hassan to conceal the Marshal's presence. Meanwhile, David Grant is called away from a tuxedo and gown party to a meeting at the Pentagon to plan an operation to retake the plane. While the secretary of defense and everyone else around the table, including Austin Travis who despises Grant and holds him responsible for the failed mission in Italy, agrees that they must plan for a ground strike on the terrorists as soon as the plane lands, Grant doubts Hassan's demands, suspecting he engineered Jaffa's capture himself, and intends to use the plane to detonate a bomb loaded with the DZ-5 nerve agent into U.S. airspace. Grant strongly advises the secretary not to let the plane reach U.S airspace, much less touch U.S soil. He also reveals that the name used by the terrorists, Al Tha'r, is an ancient Arabic form of the word "revenge". Not willing to destroy the plane and it's 400 passengers without proof that the plane is truly a threat to the United States, The Pentagon opt to send Travis's team on a mission to infiltrate Oceanic Airlines Flight 343 mid-air using the experimental airplane "Remora F117x" invented by DARPA engineer Dennis Cahill (Oliver Platt). Travis requests Grant's presence on the plane for live intel, somehow knowing that Grant is deathly afraid of flying. Grant and Cahill both agrees to join Travis's team to intercept the plane. The Remora intercepts and docks with the 747 in mid-air. The boarding is only partially successful though due to strong turbulence, causing the team's bomb specialist "Cappy" (Joe Morton) to fall and break his neck. Grant boards the plane to assist Cappy just as the 747 pulls up, over stressing the Remora's docking tunnel. Travis sacrifices himself by closing the 747's hatch before it decompresses, saving his team but killing him and destroying the Remora. On the plane, the surviving team members, "Rat"(John Leguizamo), "Cappy", Louie (B.D Wong), and Baker ( Whip Hubley), along with Grant and Cahill reassess their situation: Cappy is alive but immobilized, having fractured some vertebrae. They only have access to half their gear, no sleeping agent and, most importantly, no radio and no communication equipment, leaving the Pentagon completely unaware of their survival. With limited options, the team, now under Rat's command, use spy cameras and microphones to observe, locate and assess the terrorists while covertly searching the plane for the suspected DZ-5 bomb, with the aim of neutralizing it before storming the cabin. During his search for Hassan, Grant accidentally compromises himself to Jean, who keeps quiet about it despite Hassan's suspicions about her. The team finally locates the bomb and Grant is proven right when they find out the bomb has enough DZ-5 to take out half the Eastern seaboard on its own. Cappy analyzes the bomb and reveals it has a barometric detonator, meaning it will detonate upon landing, but assures his team he knows how to neutralize it. They call upon Cahill to assist Cappy, who is still immobilized, with the bomb while Grant and the others take positions all around the plane to hit it as soon as the bomb is neutralized. Cappy guides Cahill and successfully disarms the bomb. He advises his team that the bomb is secured, but just as they're about to attack, Cappy calls off the attack, having found that the bomb has a remote-controlled trigger and someone is testing it, meaning someone on the plane can still detonate the bomb at any moment. Cappy then succumbs to the pain meds he was given earlier and loses consciousness. Meanwhile Jaffa, released by U.S officials in an attempt to resolve the situation, calls Hassan from a private jet to tell him he is free and on his way to Algeria, and extends an offer from the U.S government to acquiesce to all of Hassan's demands in exchange for releasing the hostages. Hassan, while rejoicing in his leader's freedom, informs Jaffa that his mission is not finished as he intends to strike a sword deep into the infidels. Jaffa tries to reason with Hassan but he abruptly ends the call, forcing the Secretary of defense to order an air strike on the plane, having received no updates from Travis' team. Following the phone call, Hassan is confronted by his second in command who is challenging Hassan on his decision not to divert the plane back to Algeria now that their leader is free. Hassan reveals their real mission is to strike a deathblow to their enemies which his lieutenant disagrees with. Hassan assaults and kills his lieutenant and then orders the others back to their position. Grant, having overheard the whole exchange, realizes Hassan's men are unaware of the bomb and Hassan's true intentions. He also aptly deduces that the bomb's trigger-man is not Hassan or one of the armed terrorists, but a sleeping agent hiding amongst the passengers. Grant and the team decide to look for the passenger with cameras hooked to the main cabin while Cahill will attempt to figure out how to neutralize the remote detonator. Just as Cahill is about to execute his own theory and cut a wire, Cappy awakens to stop them and resumes working the bomb with Cahill while Grant rejoins the team to look for the secret trigger-man whom Grant is certain will be Jean-Paul Demou, one of Jaffa's men believed to have built the bomb. Grant uses a camera and having bypassed the plane's phone system to secretly communicate with Jean whom he trusts in assisting them with finding the trigger-man. While he's giving her instructions, she gets attacked and threatened by Hassan who points his gun at her but she's able to lie her way out of it. After catching her breath, she agrees to help Grant. She also takes a moment to covertly advise the Marshal about the presence of soldiers on the plane. While going around, tending to the passengers' needs, she spots a passenger with an electronic device that looks just like what Grant described to her so she silently communicates the seat number to Grant. Back in the cargo area, Cappy and Cahill seems to be making progress with the bomb when a random remote check from the trigger-man causes Cahill to panic and cut several wires he wasn't supposed to touch. The bomb not blowing up and seeming still fully functional make Cappy realize they are working on a decoy. The real bomb's computer is underneath the one they've been working on all along. Meanwhile, the U.S air strike has finally reached the plane and are attempting to divert it from its course by threatening to attack. Hassan refuses to divert and calls upon Senator Mavros who offered himself earlier to negotiate in an attempt to boost his political popularity for the upcoming elections. Mavros asks to speak with the President of the United States directly but is denied by the Secretary of defense. He is then killed by Hassan in a demonstration of his ruthlessness. The plane getting too close to the fail safe line, the Secretary of defense has no choice and orders the fighter jets to attack the plane. Luckily, Grant intercepted the exchange and is able to communicate with the fighter jets through Morse code from the tail lights, that they are on board, requesting an extra ten minutes to neutralize the bomb and retake the plane, despite already crossing into U.S. airspace. As soon as the Secretary overhears the team's mission code as part of the message, he agrees to give them ten minutes through a coded message of his own. Knowing they need to act now, the team gathers behind Grant to allow Cahill and Cappy five more minutes with the bomb and then attack no matter what. Out of desperation, Grant abandons his position and contacts Jean to use her help to enter the main cabin in an attempt to take out the suspected trigger-man by surprise, but he turns out to be an innocent passenger. Grant is then proven right once more by spotting Jean-Paul Demou, sitting on the plane. He shoots the remote away from him and engages him in an intense brawl. Hassan attempts to shoot Grant, but is himself shot by the federal air marshal. The commandos storm the cabin as a firefight ensues. Grant struggles to wrestle the remote detonator from Demou's grip while Baker and Rat gun-down several terrorists. Louie assists Grant by fatally shooting Demou and eliminating the remaining terrorists. Demou, however, manages to arm the bomb before dying, and stray bullets from a terrorist's weapon pierce a passenger window causing explosive decompression and killing three passengers. The bomb is disarmed just in time by Cappy and Cahill as the plane regains stable flight. Grant confronts Hassan and shows him that the bomb is neutralized. In a final act of desperation, a wounded Hassan sprays the cockpit with bullets, killing the pilots, before being shot and killed by Rat. With the pilots dead, over 400 lives on the line and a bomb on-board, aerophobic Grant, despite his limited flying experience and never having flown solo, assumes control of the plane and attempts to land it at the designated runway but misses the approach to Dulles International Airport, forcing him to go around. Knowing he's not good enough to turn the plane around and try another approach, Grant recognizes the area surrounding his training airfield, and decides to head there instead. The landing is sloppy and quite damaging as the airfield was never meant for a 747 but fortunately, none of the damages and impact triggers the bomb and Grant is finally able to safely land onto a sand berm at the runway's safety area, and the passengers are safely evacuated. Having finally exit the plane, Grant witnesses the bomb squad taking away the bomb and Cahill gives him his lucky straw that helped defused the bomb before departing in search of the biggest drink available. Grant then witnesses Cappy getting loaded unto an army ambulance along with the rest of the commando who stops to respectfully salute him before departing. He is then joined by Jean who asks him who he is. Just as he's about to answer, an FBI agent approaches him, addressing Grant by his official title of Doctor Grant and advises him he is being summoned by the Pentagon which causes Jean to leave but Grant calls her back and invites her to a coffee date, which she agrees as long as he is not flying. They both laugh and get into a car on their way to the Pentagon. 