nm0005261:

 Girl, Interrupted (1999)431) Based on writer Susanna Kaysen's account of her 18-month stay at a mental hospital in the late 1960s. In 1967, Susanna Kaysen had a headache and chased a bottle of aspirin with a bottle of vodka. This landed her in the mental institution, Claymoore. Here she is diagnosed, by Dr. Melvin Potts, with borderline personality disorder. When she arrives at Claymoore, she is greeted by Nurse Valerie Owens and shown round the woman's ward. Here she meets Georgina Tuskin, a pathological liar who is fixated with The Wizard of Oz; Polly Clark, a childlike schizophrenic; Janet Webber, a sardonic anorexic patient; Daisy Randone, a girl who won't let anyone in her room, and only eats her father's chicken; and Lisa Rowe, a sociopath who controls the other patients, and makes lives hard for the nurses at Claymoore. Through the movie, Lisa gains and loses control over Susanna and we see how bad she really can be. The movie's ending shows Susanna being released from Claymoore after an 18-month stay. How does Susanna take back her control? This movie battles subjects such as mental heath, abuse, self-harm and suicide. In 1967, Susanna Kaysen is depressed and directionless after finishing high school. Afterwards, she discusses this with a psychiatrist. She had been having some delusions. She had also been having an affair with the husband of her parents' friend. The doctor suggests that combining a bottle of aspirin and a bottle of vodka was a suicide attempt. This she denies. He recommends a short period of rest at Claymoore. Claymoore is a private mental hospital full of noisy, crazy people. Georgina Tuskin is a pathological liar and Susanna's roommate. Polly Clark has been badly scarred by fire. Daisy Randone self-harms and won't eat in the presence of other people. Lisa Rowe is a sociopath, the biggest exasperation for the staff - like Nurse Valerie Owens - and the biggest influence on the other girls in the hospital. Lisa has a history of escapes, so gaining access to personal medical files is not a problem - Susanna's boyfriend Tobias Jacobs is concerned that she seems too comfortable living with her institutionalized friends. David Woodfield Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Susanna Kaysen is a young woman of eighteen, and her life isn't exactly what a normal eighteen-year-old's life is suppose to be like. To her, any kind of sex is casual, and it doesn't matter who she does it with or when, as long as she gets it. At graduation, she falls asleep, proving she has little interest for the norms of prize-givings or anything to do with what's accepted by society. At her father's birthday party, she is under dressed and is of course moaned at by her hypocritical mother. Here we learn that her parent's friends are just as false as what is accepted by everyone. And then it becomes clear that Susanna has been sleeping with her mother's friend's husband. This drives her to try to commit suicide with aspirin and a bottle of vodka to get it all down. At the ER, she claims that she doesn't have bones in her wrists anymore, and tells the psychiatrist at home that the bones grew back by the time she got to the hospital. So she is shipped off to Claymoore, a local mental institution and put in the ward for women only. Here she meets a multitude of people who really do have problems: a sardonic anorexic, a girl who burned herself as a child, a lesbian (at the time was thought of as a mental disorder), a bulimic, and her roommate, a compulsive liar. The ward is managed by Nurse Valerie Owens, who is very clever, but is unable to become a doctor due to her race. All the nursing staff and the patients are kept marginally sane by Valerie, and she and Susanna have a complex relationship. Susanna is questionably diagnosed with having borderline personality disorder. Things really get started when the sociopath runaway patient, Lisa Rowe, returns to the ward and turns Susanna's world upside down and inside out. She is a force to be reckoned with - she is magnetic, rebellious, doesn't take her meds and is unhealthy for the other patients as she breaks down their self-esteem regularly. Due to the fact that her last best friend, Jamie, couldn't hack this when she ran away, Lisa befriends Susanna and together they start a world of trouble. Susanna keeps a diary of all her thoughts and feelings, also illustrating in it, and telling the tale of her stay through her daily entries. Her ex-boyfriend, Tobias Jacobs, comes to visit her and she very nearly tries to have sex with him in her room. He tells her he wants them to run away to Canada together so that he doesn't have to go to Vietnam. He tells her she isn't crazy and that the girls in the institution aren't really her friends. But she refuses to go with him, subconsciously beginning to rely on Lisa. Then she meets the head psychiatrist, Dr. Sonia Wick, and claims she is ambivalent, saying it means she doesn't care. But Dr. Wick sees through this mask and decides to have Susanna see her from now on. Afterwards, Lisa is taken into see the doctor, but doesn't return and Susanna falls into a depression. Nurse Valerie has had enough and throws her into an ice cold bath to wake her. She tells Susanna, after Susanna attacks her verbally and says that she doesn't know what she is doing, that she is a spoiled, lazy little girl who is driving herself crazy! And that if Susanna isn't careful, she will throw her life away on some stupid rebellion. That night, Lisa breaks into the ward, wild-eyed and crazy, and Susanna runs away with her so they can get to Disneyland. There they hook up with hippies and eventually crash at the bulimic Daisy's house after bribing her with promises of meds. But all turns bad when Lisa tells Daisy that she is a freak herself and that this apartment is all a mask to hide what's really happening. She breaks Daisy down, finally saying that Daisy probably likes her father molesting her and that it's probably all she has ever known. The next morning, Susanna wakes up and goes for a walk, to escape the sound of Lisa's voice and returns to find Daisy playing a record over and over again and Lisa in the kitchen. She goes up the stairs and finds Daisy's wrists slit and she hangs herself in the bathroom. Susanna goes back to the institution without Lisa, (who runs away again) and begins anew with Dr. Wick and her diary. When Susanna is ready to leave, Lisa breaks out of her padded cell and steals Susanna's diary. Beneath the ward in the maze of corridors, Lisa reads the diary aloud and tells the other girls what Susanna thinks of them. Susanna runs away from Lisa when she begins to chase her with a needle filled with a toxic-looking chemical. Susanna breaks her hand while trying to close a sliding metal door on Lisa and then they finally confront each other. Susanna finally tells Lisa that no one cares if she dies because she is already dead and her heart is cold. She also tells Lisa that she will begin her life again out of this hospital without Lisa and the others. Lisa has a mental breakdown and attempts to commit suicide but the other girls dissuade her from doing so. In the morning, Susanna is about to leave, but first she goes to visit Lisa and talks to her again. Now restrained to a bed, Lisa says that she isn't really cold and that she didn't mean to hurt Susanna. When she leaves, she says goodbye to all her friends, and gets into the taxicab saying that being crazy isn't about keeping a secret, it's just about everyone being personified. And by the seventies, most of her friends were out of the institution and leading lives. The girl who was just interrupted by herself and everyone else, is finally recovered from being a supposed borderline. 
 Clueless (1995)651) Shallow, rich and socially successful Cher is at the top of her Beverly Hills high school's pecking scale. Seeing herself as a matchmaker, Cher first coaxes two teachers into dating each other. Cher, a high school student in Beverly Hills, must survive the ups and downs of adolescent life. Her external demeanor at first seems superficial, but rather it hides her wit, charm, and intelligence which help her to deal with relationships, friends, family, school, and the all-important teenage social life. Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky@ucsee.eecs.berkeley.edu> Cher is rich, pretty, blonde, popular and knows how to talk anyone into doing just about anything. When she can't get a teacher to give her a better grade, she and her friend Dion match him up with another teacher to make him happier... and maybe a but laxer on his expectations. When a girl named Tai transfers to Cher's school, she and Dion give her a makeover and attempt to find her a boyfriend. Cher soon realizes that she wants a boyfriend herself, but no one seems right. She goes through a spiritual makeover and realizes that there's more to life than clothes and popularity before she finds the boy of her dreams. Anonymous Cher Horowitz and her friend Dionne, two of the most popular sophomores in school, play matchmakers for two teachers. Inspired by their success, Cher takes under her wing Tai, a "clueless" transfer student. While trying to make an advantageous match for Tai, Cher attempts to find a boyfriend of her own. Several misfires take place, due to poor communication, before she finds the Baldwin of her dreams. James Meek <james@oz.net> Cher and Dionne are best friends who live in Beverly Hills. They are popular, rich, pretty, and charming. One day, they spot a new girl at school, Tai, and decides to do a makeover on her. They are very successful, but Cher realizes that she needed a makeover herself in a spiritual way. With this makeover, she learns about caring for others, going through pain, and love. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cher Horowitz (Alicia Silverstone) is a wealthy, popular 15-year-old living in Beverly Hills with her widowed father, Mel (Dan Hedaya), a successful lawyer. Though good-natured, Cher is naive and caught up in a superficial lifestyle revolving around expensive clothes and the social hierarchy of her high school. Her best friend Dionne (Stacey Dash) has a similar outlook on life, though she dates a high school boy named Murray (Donald Fasion), which Cher claims is a pointless endeavor. Cher's debate teacher, Mr. Hall (Wallace Shawn), gives her a C grade for the semester, which starts a dramatic chain of events. Dionne, who got a lackluster grade as well, hatches a plan with Cher to find a romantic interest for Mr. Hall, thus hypothetically making him happy enough to consider boosting their grades. They select another teacher, Miss Geist (Twink Caplan), as the chief candidate, and spark a mutual interest between her and Mr. Hall with a forged love letter and some subtle manipulation. The teachers soon become a couple, and both become much more lenient with their grading. Cher works her grade up to an A minus, greatly impressing her father. At home, Cher interacts with Josh (Paul Rudd), the college-age son of one of Mel's ex-wives, who often stays at the Horowitz home to avoid his mother and new stepfather. Josh is nearly the polar opposite of Cher: an earthy environmentalist with an interest in societal welfare. The two have a generally amiable but lightly contentious relationship, with Cher teasing Josh about his alternative lifestyle and Josh criticizing Cher's materialism. Mel openly approves of Josh's self-assurance and focus, encouraging Cher to find similar direction in her life. Tai Frasier (Brittany Murphy), a grungy artist with a trusting disposition and a clueless grasp of high school popularity, transfers to Cher's school. Cher and Dionne befriend Tai, and decide to give her a makeover to improve her social standing. However, Tai sparks up a romance with cheerful skateboarding stoner Travis Birkenstock (Breckin Meyer). Cher, fearing for Tai's reputation, attempts to steer her toward the rich, popular, newly-single Elton (Jeremy Sisto). Cher leads Tai in after-school workout sessions, guides her in cultivating a new wardrobe, and expands her lexicon with trendy vocabulary. Josh disapproves of Cher's project with Tai, accusing her of attempting to turn an innocent girl into a superficial brat, but Cher maintains that she is doing Tai a kindness. Through a series of orchestrated interactions, Cher gets Tai and Elton to notice each other. Tai is giddy with excitement, and while Elton is surprisingly receptive, he pays much more direct attention to Cher. To present the newly made-over Tai to the high school elite, Cher and Dionne bring her to a party. Once again, they attempt to steer her toward Elton, and believe that they made a connection when Tai is knocked unconscious with a projectile shoe, and Elton revives her with an ice pack. However, when departing, Cher winds up being driven home by Elton, who makes a pass at her, confirming that he had never been interested in Tai. Cher is shocked and repulsed, and Elton abandons her in a parking lot far from home. She is immediately mugged, and is forced to call Josh from a payphone to ask for a lift. On the drive home, Cher suggests that they pick up food for Mel and his colleagues, who are working on a difficult case at the house. Impressed by this considerate suggestion, Josh begins to form a new opinion of her. Another transfer student, the suave and handsome Christian (Justin Walker), arrives in Mr. Hall's debate class. Cher is taken with him immediately, and considers breaking her own rule of never dating a high school boy. The two become friends, and soon plan to attend a party along with Tai. Christian arrives at Cher's house to pick her up, and both Mel and Josh are put off by his relaxed, jazz-cat persona. Josh is clearly envious and tells Mel that he will trail them to the party for Cher's protection. While Cher and Christian bond on the dance floor, Tai self-consciously stands alone watching Elton dancing with his new girlfriend, Cher's snotty social rival Amber (Elisa Donovan). Josh arrives and dances with Tai to help her feel more included and comfortable. Cher is pleasantly surprised by this thoughtful gesture. Cher decides to move things forward with Christian, and invites him over one evening when her father is out. To her disappointment, he ignores her advances in favor of watching Tony Curtis movies. When driving with Dionne and her boyfriend Murray the next day, Cher laments Christian's lack of sexual interest in her, causing a highly amused Murray to point out that Christian is obviously gay. Embarrassed by her misconception of Christian, she abandons her romantic pursuit of him in favor of maintaining their genuine friendship. While at the mall with Cher and Christian, Tai experiences a traumatic incident when some male acquaintances nearly drop her over the upper-level railing as a prank. Christian angrily reprimands the culprits and comforts Tai, who is shaken but unharmed. Over the next few days, news of this dramatic event spreads throughout school, causing Tai's popularity to skyrocket. Cher watches, unnerved, as Tai is caught up in the attention, becoming the shallow, snobbish brat that Josh accused Cher of creating. Cher is further disturbed when Tai coldly rebuffs the sweet-natured Travis in favor of a more popular entourage. Cher, an atrocious driver with only a learner's permit, prepares to test for her license, but finds it difficult to focus after the shift in her friendship with Tai. She ultimately fails the driving test, and dejectedly returns home to find Tai and Josh playing a flirtatious game of hacky sack. Tai immediately speaks to Cher in private, excitedly revealing that she has overcome her disappointment about Elton because of her newfound attraction to Josh. Cher is startled by the discomfort she feels in response to this news, and tells Tai that she does not think Josh is a good match for her. Tai is affronted, and insults Cher before departing. Cher embarks on a solo shopping trip to clear her head, and realizes that she herself is in love with Josh. In an unusually vulnerable mood, Cher goes to her father for advice. Explaining that she is interested in a "do-gooder" type (though not revealing that her love interest is Josh), she expresses concern that she is too shallow and selfish to win his approval. Mel tenderly assures his daughter that she is an incredibly caring person, much like her late mother had been, who constantly goes out of her way to help her friends and family. Cher, heartened, resolves to become more compassionate on a wider scale. Not long after their fight, Tai approaches Cher apologetically and the two become friends again. After watching Travis participate impressively in a skateboarding competition, and after learning that he has given up his drug habit, Cher realizes that he is indeed worthy of Tai's affection, and is pleased when they reconcile. In an effort to impress Josh, Cher volunteers to help with a donation drive headed by Miss Geist for victims of the Pismo Beach disaster. Josh takes appreciative notice, and Cher herself feels unexpectedly fulfilled by engaging in this charitable endeavor. She and Josh also spend considerable time helping Mel and his colleagues process paperwork for their important case. While working with one of Mel's stressed-out underlings at the house, it is discovered that Cher had erroneously sorted some crucial documents, causing the panicked lawyer to cruelly insult Cher and storm out of the house. Cher is crushed, but Josh defends and comforts her, leading to them both revealing their feelings for each other. Mr. Hall and Miss Geist are married with many of their students in attendance, including Cher (who has brought Josh as her date), Dionne, Murray, Tai and Travis. The girls congregate as the bride prepares to throw the bouquet, and their boyfriends watch the ensuing scuffle with amusement until Cher triumphantly surfaces, bouquet in hand. 
 8 Mile (2002)321) A young rapper, struggling with every aspect of his life, wants to make it big but his friends and foes make this odyssey of rap harder than it may seem. The setting is Detroit in 1995. The city is divided by 8 Mile, a road that splits the town in half along racial lines. A young white rapper, Jimmy "B-Rabbit" Smith Jr. summons strength within himself to cross over these arbitrary boundaries to fulfill his dream of success in hip hop. With his pal Future and the three one third in place, all he has to do is not choke. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's 1995. Jimmy "B-Rabbit" Smith Jr. ( Eminem ) is a young and frustrated blue-collar factory worker. He has moved back north of 8 Mile to the run-down trailer home in Warren, belonging to his alcoholic mother, Stephanie ( Kim Basinger ), his younger sister, Lily ( Chloe Greenfield ) and Stephanie's abusive live-in boyfriend, Greg ( Michael Shannon ). Jimmy is focused on getting his rap career started. He seems to have stalled in progress; choking in the middle of a rap battle and getting booed off stage. Prior to the events of the film, Jimmy had broken up with his pregnant girlfriend, Janeane ( Taryn Manning ). During the film, Jimmy begins a new relationship with Alex ( Brittany Murphy ), who he meets at the factory he works in. Jimmy begins to realise that his life has remained pretty much the same since he graduated from high school.At first, he considers himself to be a victim of circumstances and blames others for his problems. Over time, Jimmy begins to take responsibility for his life and how much control he has over it. He questions whether his group of friends, including "Future" ( Mekhi Phifer ), are holding themselves back from moving onto bigger things. Jimmy appears to decide that he'll put his dream of a music career on hold so he can provide for his mother and sister. The rap battle acts as a final conflict between Jimmy and a rap group known as "The Leaders of the Free World." They have been harrassing Jimmy throughout the film. This starts with the deterioation of Jimmy's friendship with "Wink" ( Eugene Byrd ). Wink pesters Jimmy throughout the film, promising him that he has links to help them "get big" and he can hook Jimmy up with influential people. When Jimmy shows up at the studio, he finds Wink having sex with Alex. Enraged, Jimmy beats up Wink as Alex tries to break it up. This makes Wink team up with the "The Free World" and beats Jimmy up as his little sister, Lily watches inside the trailer. Jimmy is left with a black eye that is present at the final rap battle. Jimmy's boss is impressed by his new found responsibility, giving Jimmy the extra shifts he'd asked for at the beginning. A late night shift conflicts with a rap battle which Jimmy initially doesn't want to go to. A visit from Alex changes his mind. Paul ( Craig Chandler ), a gay co-worker who Jimmy stuck up for, agress to cover his shift. Throughout the film, Jimmy's friends constantly refer to him as an incredible rapper but we only see snippets of skills. The tournament consists of three rounds where Jimmy has to rap against a member of the "Free World." Jimmy wins two of the rounds with better rapping in each round. In the last round, Jimmy is pitched against "Papa Doc" ( Anthony Mackie ), the tournament's most feared rapper. Jimmy is aware that Papa Doc knows his weak points so Jimmy addresses them in his freestyle. He uses his 'white trash' background and the various inflictions the "Free World" have put upon him. He also acknowledges the difficult life he's had as a springboard to reveal the truth about Papa Doc; how he passes himself off as a thug but has actually come from a priviledged background. Jimmy makes a reference to the beat the DJ is playing (Shook Ones Part II), calling Papa Doc a 'halfway crook' which sends the crowd crazy. Papa Doc is left speechless, drops the mic and backs down. As Jimmy leaves the venue, Future suggests that he stay and celebrate his victory; offering him the position that would allow him to host battles at the Shelter. Jimmy refuses, stating that he needs to get back to work and do things his own way. Future accepts this and respects it. The final shot of the film sees Jimmy walking away from the shelter, looking more confident about his future. 
 Just Married (2003)321) A young newlywed couple honeymoon in Europe, where obstacles challenge their ability to sustain the marriage. Charming, relatively poor, somewhat goofy Tom falls in love with haughty snob tycoon McNerney's spoiled daughter Sarah, who was destined for a more socialite match, such as slick Peter Prentiss. They still get married and fly to Europe for a romantic honeymoon Tom can't afford. Their love gets tested dangerously by misfortune of technical and other kinds all the way. Worse, Peter catches up with them on a mission to 'make Sarah see sense' just when the newlyweds are furious at each other. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Tom and Sarah in the airport. A few months earlier, Tom Leezak ( Ashton Kutcher ) and Sarah McNerney ( Brittany Murphy ) meet up when Tom accidentally hits Sarah with a football. A few months later, despite opposition from Sarah's rich, uptight family, they get married. However they each have a secret: Tom doesn't want Sarah to know that he accidentally killed her dog, and Sarah doesn't want Tom to know she slept with Peter Prentiss ( Christian Kane ). Tom and Sarah decide to honeymoon at a classy hotel at the foot of the Alps. On their way there, they attempt to join the Mile High Club, but fail when the captain turns on the Fasten Seatbelt sign and they are forced to return to their seats. They arrive at the hotel and discover that Tom's friend Kyle left them a present: the Thunderstick A-2000, a sex toy. Tom tries to plug the toy into the socket, but the plug isn't built for a European outlet and he shuts down the entire village's electricity when he tries to force it in. The newlyweds leave the hotel after Tom has a heated argument with the hotel owner. While trying to find another hotel, they crash and get buried under a heap of snow, but they are able to climb out in the morning. Eventually, they get a ride from a truck driver and end up staying at a pensin in Venice. The pensin turns out to be very bad, and they soon check out after Tom discovers a cockroach on his neck while the couple are attempting to make love. They manage to secure a nice hotel with the financial help of Sarah's father, who demands that Tom pay the money back as soon as he can. The next day they go sightseeing in Venice, but Tom quickly gets bored and they decide to split up for the day: Tom going to the bar to watch sports and Sarah continuing to see Venice. Sarah realizes that Peter Prentiss is staying at her hotel. This prompts her to initiate a conversation with Tom in which he reveals that he accidentally killed her dog and she reveals she slept with Peter. The couple storm out of the hotel and each go their separate ways: Tom going to the bar, where he meets a girl, and Sarah going sightseeing again, where she meets Peter. The girl begins to flirt with Tom and the two end up dancing. When Tom realizes she wants to have sex with him, he makes an excuse and escapes through the bathroom window. He goes back to the hotel, only to find out that Sarah is with Peter. This prompts him to go back to the bar, where he meets the girl again, and the girl clearly wants to have sex with him. Tom tries to think of a clever way to get out of this and agrees to walk with the girl to her hotel, except the girl tricks Tom into revealing his hotel, and in a desperate attempt to go to bed with him, falsely says she's at the same hotel. She tricks Tom again at the hotel and says she's lost her key and needs to call the front desk, Tom all the while trying to avoid this situation. Once in Tom and Sarah's room, the girl rips off her top and bra and tries to have sex with Tom, while Tom does everything possible to get away. As she is mounting him and trying to make out with him, Tom blurts out that he's married, and the girl finally leaves. Peter convinces Sarah to go with him for a drink, promising her a ride home. He eventually takes her home and kisses her, but she slaps him and tells him that she's on her honeymoon. Tom sees the kiss but does not see her slap him and assumes that Sarah is having a relationship with Peter. This prompts him to initiate an argument with Sarah, during which she finds a bra that the girl who Tom was with left behind. Sarah throws an ashtray at Tom, hitting him in the head and enraging him. Peter bursts into the room and tells Sarah to run away with him to Seattle. Tom arms himself with a fire poker and starts shouting at Peter, breaking things in the process. Peter runs away, asking the matre d' to call the police. Tom chases Peter out of the hotel where Tom gets arrested, and he and Sarah end up in a prison cell. Peter bails them out and this time the couple, angry at each other, decide to go home to Los Angeles. The film switches to the present, where Sarah has moved out and Tom wants to get back together with her. Upon receiving advice from his father ( Raymond J. Barry ), Tom attempts to break into Sarah's family's household to tell her that he loves her, but gives up after unsuccessfully trying to ram the gate with a car after unsuccessfully trying to convince her family to open it. However Sarah opens the gate herself after seeing Tom make a romantic speech to the camera, and the two rush out to proclaim their love for each other. Sarah's family also finally accepts Tom, with her father telling her to go to him after she opens the gate. The film ends with the couple recounting events from the honeymoon and Sarah's family finally approving of their marriage and people from town knowing everything about it. There is also the chance for some interviews after the marriage has been confirmed by the priest who married Tom and Sarah. 