nm0005137:

 Frasier (19932004)66) Dr. Frasier Crane moves back to his hometown of Seattle, where he lives with his father, and works as a radio psychiatrist. Dr. Frasier Crane, a successful Boston therapist, moves to Seattle to get a new start on life. He has a radio talk show, which he uses to relay his wit and wisdom to others, but at times he struggles with his own problems with his salt-of-the-earth father, his pretentious brother, and his friends and co-workers. Jwelch5742 Dr. Frasier Crane, a successful Boston therapist, moves to Seattle following his divorce to get a new start on life; he has a radio talk show, where he relays his wit and wisdom to aide callers, while dealing with a changed home life living with his salt-of-the-earth father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) and the senior Crane's physical therapist Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves). Frasier also reconnects with his sometimes uptight brother Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce) and finds new friends among his colleagues, especially his brash show producer Roz Doyle (Peri Gilpin) After many years spent at the "Cheers" bar, Frasier (Kelsey Grammer) moves back home to Seattle after his policeman father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) gets shot in the hip on duty. After Martin struggles with living alone after the incident, he moves in with Frasier in his luxury apartment at the Elliot Bay Towers along with his dog Eddie (played by Moose and later Enzo). Hired by Frasier, Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves) also moves in as Martin's personal physiotherapist. Also living nearby is his younger brother Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce), who is also a Psychiatrist. Eminent Boston psychiatrist Frasier Crane, last seen gracing the bars of Cheers (1982), has left his life there to start afresh in Seattle. He now has a spot as a popular radio psychiatrist, giving him the chance to spread words of wit and wisdom to the masses. He shares his apartment with his retired cop father, Martin, and his father's physical care assistant, Daphne Moon. Add in brother Niles, Eddie the dog, some bizarre situations and plenty of humor, and you have all of the ingredients for an excellent show, and worthy successor to Cheers (1982). Mark Harding <mah@imdb.com> Recently divorced psychiatrist Dr. Frasier Crane moves from Boston, Massachusetts to his home town of Seattle, Washington, where his ex-policeman father, Martin Crane, and his psychiatrist brother, Niles Crane, also live. He moves into an expensive apartment with his father and his father's newly appointed health care worker from England, Daphne Moon, on whom Niles had a big secret crush for six years until they started dating. Frasier also lands a job as a radio psychiatrist and makes very good friends with his newly appointed producer, Roz Doyle. Raffi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 James and the Giant Peach (1996)Summaries An orphan who lives with his two cruel aunts befriends anthropomorphic bugs who live inside a giant peach, and they embark on a journey to New York City. James' happy life at the English seaside is rudely ended when his parents are killed by a rhinoceros and he goes to live with his two horrid aunts. Daringly saving the life of a spider he comes into possession of magic boiled crocodile tongues, after which an enormous peach starts to grow in the garden. Venturing inside, he meets not only the spider but a number of new friends including a ladybug and a centipede who help him with his plan to try to get to New York. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Garfield: A Tail of Two Kitties (2006)Summaries Jon and Garfield visit the United Kingdom, where a case of mistaken cat identity finds Garfield ruling over a castle. His reign is soon jeopardized by the nefarious Lord Dargis, who has designs on the estate. Garfield (Bill Murray) is back and this time he and his canine sidekick Odie follow their owner, Jon Arbuckle (Breckin Meyer), to England, the U.K. may never recover, as Garfield is mistaken for a look-alike, regal cat who has inherited a castle. Garfield savors the royal treatment afforded by his loyal four-legged subjects, but his reign is in jeopardy. The evil nefarious stubborn Lord Dargis (Sir Billy Connolly) is determined to do away with Garfield, so he can turn the castle into a resort. Garfield's bigger, better, more perfect world is soon turned upside down in this tale of two kitties. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Jon Arbuckle (Breckin Meyer) goes to London to be with Liz (Jennifer Love Hewitt), and Odie and Garfield (Bill Murray) sneak along with him. Meanwhile, a deceased Queen gives everything to her cat Prince XII (Tim Curry). Her only heir, Lord Dargis (Sir Billy Connolly), becomes jealous and tries to kill Prince. Garfield and Odie sneaks out to the streets of London. Lord Dargis throws Prince in the river and he ends up in the sewer of London. Smithee the butler (Ian Abercrombie) believes he found Prince, but it was really Garfield, and Jon finds Odie with Prince, and mistakes him for Garfield. Now, the castle animals must keep Garfield safe and keep him thinking he's royal to save their lives. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 To Live and Die in L.A. (1985)44) A fearless Secret Service agent will stop at nothing to bring down the counterfeiter who killed his partner. Working largely in cases of counterfeiting, LA based Secret Service agent Richie Chance exhibits reckless behavior which according to his longtime and now former partner Jimmy Hart will probably land him in the morgue before he's ready to retire. That need for the thrill manifests itself in his personal life by his love of base jumping. Professionally, it is demonstrated by the fact that he is sextorting a parolee named Ruth Lanier, who feeds him information in return for him not sending her back to prison for some trumped up parole violation. With his new partner John Vukovich, Chance is more determined than ever, based on recent circumstances, to nab known longtime counterfeiter Ric Masters, who is more than willing to use violence against and kill anyone who crosses him. Masters is well aware that the Secret Service is after him. Masters' operation is somewhat outwardly in disarray, with Chance being able to nab his mule, Carl Cody, in the course of moving some of the fake money, and one of his associates, a lawyer named Max Waxman, probably stealing money from him. Partly with information from Ruth, Chance is trying to find and exploit the weaknesses in Masters' operation. To accomplish his goal, Chance takes more and more unethical and illegal measures, which may be problematic for Vukovich, who comes from a family of police officers who are sworn to uphold the law. Huggo Two cops in Los Angeles try to track down the vicious criminal Eric Masters ( Willem Dafoe ). Then, one of them is killed by Masters and the other one swears revenge no matter what the cost. After that, the hunt becomes an ob- session and the law he once swore to uphold becomes meaningless to him. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> In Los Angeles, the secret agent Richard Chance ( William Petersen ) loses his partner and friend Jim Hart in an investigation of counterfeit money two days before Jim's retirement. The agent John Vukovich ( John Pankow ) is assigned to work with Chance, who is obsessed with capturing Eric 'Rick' Masters, the criminal responsible for Jim's death. Chance risks both his partner's and his own career trying to arrest Rick. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 