nm0003289:

 Mojave Phone Booth (2006)Summaries In the middle of the Mojave desert rests an abandoned phone booth, riddled with bullet holes, graffiti, its windows broken, but otherwise functioning. Its identity was born on the Internet and for years, travelers would make the trek down a lonely dirt road and camp next to the booth, in the hopes that it might suddenly ring, and they could connect with a stranger (often from another country) on the other end of the line. This is the story of four disparate people whose lives intersect with this mystical outpost, and the comfort they seek from a stranger's voice: There is Beth, a troubled woman facing dilemmas with her love-life and a recurring, baffling crime; Mary, a young South African, who is contemplating selling her body for the funds to escape her dreadful existence; Alex, a woman who is losing her lover, Glory, to the belief she is plagued by aliens, and Richard, driven into desperation by a separation from his wife, who happens upon the booth after his failed suicide attempt. Exploring themes of love, death, the mystery of the universe, and the phenomenon of inter-connectivity, Mojave Phone Booth pitches us deep into the lives and psyches of these working class characters in Las Vegas. MPB Collective It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jaws 3-D (1983)541) A giant thirty-five-foot shark becomes trapped in a SeaWorld theme park and it's up to the sons of police chief Brody to rescue everyone. Several years after Brody electrocuted the shark at Cable Junction, his sons, Mike and Sean, are now working in different roles at Sea World Orlando. Mike is working as a park engineer and considering marriage to his girlfriend, killer whale biologist Kathryn Morgan. Sean is also involved with 1 of the park's water skiers, Kelly Ann Bukowski. Sea World is about to open a massive 'Undersea Kingdom' which will bring visitors closer to marine life than ever before. The park is accessible from the ocean by a series of gates, one of which malfunctions. A young Great White Shark swims through the gate, and when a maintenance diver heads down to fix the gate he does not return. The young Great White is captured and placed in a tank but soon dies despite Kathryn's best efforts to save it. More alarming though, is the young shark's massive, 35 foot mother which has followed the baby shark into the lagoon and killed the maintenance diver, whose body is recovered. It isn't long before the huge shark begins wreaking havoc, and Mike and Kathryn, along with Sea World manager Calvin Bouchard and photographer Phillip Fitzroyce, must find a way to eliminate the shark before they - or the guests - become the shark's next meal. Medic249a2 With the grand opening of Florida's fantastic Sea World theme park just around the corner, a sophisticated attraction of Plexiglas tunnels and in-your-face underwater action, Amity's former Police Chief Martin Brody's sons, Michael and Sean, already have a lot on their plate. But, before long, after the recent massacre in Jaws 2 (1978) , a stranded baby great white shark infiltrates the intricate system, and unsuspecting water-skiers and busy park employees become its first meal. Now, its mother, too, a swift, massive, 35-foot-long killing machine of razor-sharp teeth, is trapped in this all-you-can-eat buffet, and no one is safe. Is there an escape from the blood-stained Undersea Kingdom, and the jaws of the great white shark? Nick Riganas This third film in the series follows a group of marine biologists attempting to capture a young great white shark that has wandered into Florida's Sea World Park. However, later it is discovered that the shark's 35-foot mother is also a guest at Sea World. What follows is the shark wreaking havoc on the visitors in the park. Andrew Schaeffer Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chief Martin Brody's older son, Michael (Dennis Quaid) now works for SeaWorld in Florida, which is preparing for the launch of its new "Undersea Kingdom," a set of tunnels where people can "view the wonders of the deep without ever getting wet." The film opens with a great white shark following a team of waterskiers, among them Kelly (Lea Thompson). Their boat stalls, but then its driver gets it going again before anyone is attacked. Michael Brody is the chief engineer, and lives with his girlfriend, Katherine Morgan (Bess Armstrong), who is senior biologist at the park. Katherine and her assistants, Dan and Liz, wonder why the dolphins are afraid to leave their pen. As Sean (John Putch), Michael's brother, arrives to visit, he reveals a deep fear of the water (from events depicted in Jaws 2). Kelly, after meeting Michael, Sean, and Katherine in a bar, tries to dispel the phobia by playing in the water (mostly) naked at nighttime. Meanwhile, Shelby Overman (Harry Grant), one of the mechanics, dives into the water at dusk to repair the gates. He is attacked by a shark and killed, only leaving a severed arm. The next morning, Michael and Katherine are informed of his disappearance by Charlene, a woman with whom Overman is living. She is quite irate at his failure to return, and fears the worst. Michael and Katherine go down in a submarine to check the tunnels and find Overman's severed arm. They decide to go into a piece of scenery, the Spanish galleon, although encouraged by Katherine's two dolphins to stay away. They continue the search, leaving the submarine, only to be assaulted by a great white. The dolphins, having sensed trouble from the start and visibly beseeching Katherine to stay in the sub, respond to Katherine's waving hands. They heroically rescue Mike and Katherine by allowing them to ride them back to the safety of their dolphin pen. This information is at first disbelieved by park owner Calvin Bouchard (Louis Gossett, Jr.) , but is quite exciting to his friend, the hunter Phillip FitzRoyce (Simon MacCorkindale). Katherine protests FitzRoyce's intent to kill the creature, so capturing it is the decided course. The baby great white is captured and nursed to partial health by Katherine and Liz. Before the shark can be put on display in the park, it must regain its strength -- Michael and Katherine keep it in a small holding pool. However, Calvin orders it exhibited as being the first Great White in captivity, but it dies within minutes. Meanwhile, Kelly persuades Sean to join her on the bumper boats. While walking through of on the underwater tunnels, a girl is terrified when she sees a hideous corpse, revealed to be Overman, bob up to a window. Katherine reveals that the bites came from a shark with a mouth a yard across, which is initially ridiculed by FitzRoyce, saying "That would indicate a shark of some 35 ft. in length", which is too big for a normal great white. They surmise that the shark's mother has also breached the gates of the park, but she can't convince Calvin of this fact. The mother white is actually trapped in the intake tube of the park's water pump but escapes when it forces the gate open. The mother shark shows up at the window of their underwater cafe. The shark exacts her revenge, first by causing a leak that nearly drowns everyone in the underwater tunnel, then turns her attention to everyone on the beach. She fails to capture the waterskiers, but capsizes Sean and Kelly's bumper boat, and Kelly gets a laceration from the shark's coarse skin. FitzRoyce leads the shark into the filtration pipes where the water from the ocean is brought into the lagoon, hoping to trap her inside. However, he drifts right into her mouth after his lifeline rope snaps. He prepares a grenade, but he is crushed to death before he can use it. Unaware of FitzRoyce's death, Michael has gone down to repair the underwater tunnel so the technicians can restore air pressure and drain the water, with Katherine watching his back. He welds the repair piece, but, with no pressure in the pipe to restrain her, the shark breaks free of the filtration pipe and attacks Katherine again, but is protected by her dolphins. They return to the control room with Calvin and the technicians. The shark smashes through the acrylic glass, flooding the room. As everyone tries to escape, Mike notices FitzRoyce's body still inside the shark's mouth, clutching the grenade. Mike uses a pole to pull the grenade's pin, and it explodes, blowing the shark to pieces. Katherine and Mike float up to the surface, explaining that Calvin managed to rescue the female technician, though the shark attacked the male technician and dropped him. Katherine is terrified for her dolphins, until they triumphantly show up in a splash, performing the tricks they refused to do since the movie's beginning. 
 The Father and the Bear (2016)321) A retired character actor with diagnosed dementia, longs to perform at his beloved summer theater one last time. Byron Temple, a retired character actor (Wil Love) with diagnosed dementia, longs to perform at his beloved summer theater one last time. Against his daughter's wishes (Dendrie Taylor), he accepts a role from the newly installed artistic director of the playhouse (David Deluise) who is unaware of Byron's condition. Through the sheer humanity and cleverness of the staff and cast of the show, Byron is able to sail through the one night performance of the play to resounding success. It is a story about kindness, fathers and their children. Putchfilms, Inc. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Byron Temple, a retired character actor (Wil Love) with diagnosed dementia, longs to perform at his beloved summer theater one last time. Against his daughter's wishes (Dendrie Taylor), he accepts a role from the newly installed artistic director of the playhouse (David Deluise) who is unaware of Byron's condition. Through the humanity and cleverness of the staff and cast of the show, Byron is able to sail through the one night performance to resounding success. It is a story about kindness, fathers and their children. 
 BachelorMan (2003)Summaries In these times of enlightened sexual politics, Ted Davis is a scoring machine. He's got the rap, the charm and his little black book weighs several pounds. Ted has become a guru to his buddies who can only aspire in awe to his greatness. This is a man's man, a ladies man, a super-hero: He's Ted Davis: "BachelorMan" When the woman of his dreams, "Heather" moves in next door, Ted's ordeal begins. She's beautiful, long-legged, athletic and LOUD. Her constant groans and howls of amorous pleasure turn Ted's domain of conquest and libidinous triumph into a nightmare world of BachelorMan-Interruptus. So the hunt begins as Ted delivers a first round of come-ons and invitations for his object of desire to become entangled, but nothing works. When all seems hopeless, Ted gets some guidance from his good friend Meg that turns the situation around: "Don't scam on her, listen to her, be SINCERE." Of course! Ted runs next door to attest his true feelings for the only woman he could ever love - and sure enough - it works! They fall passionately into each other's arms. Realizing that in this love-induced haze, he's been tricked into turning his life upside-down, Ted breaks it off with Heather to again pursue his destiny as "BachelorMan." But something is very wrong in single and looking land. Ted can't turn the ladies heads like he used to - none of the scams work. He's lost his super powers, and it will take all of BachelorMan's skill and cunning to get his Lois Lane back. Films On Tap It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 