nm0007118:

 After Earth (2013)651) A crash landing leaves Kitai Raige and his father Cypher stranded on Earth, a millennium after events forced humanity's escape. With Cypher injured, Kitai must embark on a perilous journey to signal for help. One thousand years after cataclysmic events forced humanity's escape from Earth, Nova Prime has become mankind's new home. Legendary General Cypher Raige returns from an extended tour of duty to his estranged family, ready to be a father to his 13-year-old son, Kitai. When an asteroid storm damages Cypher and Kitai's craft, they crash-land on a now unfamiliar and dangerous Earth. As his father lies dying in the cockpit, Kitai must trek across the hostile terrain to recover their rescue beacon. His whole life, Kitai has wanted nothing more than to be a soldier like his father. Today, he gets his chance. Columbia Pictures In the future, Earth becomes inhabitable and mankind moves to Nova Prime. However, aliens try to conquer Nova Prime but are defeated by the Rangers under the command of General Cypher Raige. The aliens bring the predator Ursas to hunt down the humans attracted by their fear and Raige develops the fearless ghosting technique to defeat them. On the same day that Raige returns home, his estranged son Kitai Raige is not advanced to the Ranger position in the academy. Raige promises his wife that he will travel in his last assignment before retirement and she convinces him to bring Kitai with him. When their spacecraft is damaged by an asteroid storm, she crashes on Earth and only Raige and Kitai survive. Raige breaks both legs and Kitai needs to cross the hostile and dangerous planet to retrieve the beacon and save their lives. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It's been nearly a millennium since mankind was forced to flee their home planet for the safety of Nova Prime, and in that time Earth has grown increasingly hostile to human life. Gen. Cypher Raige (Will Smith) has just finished an extended tour of duty when he reunites with his 13-year-old son Kitai (Jaden Smith), and begins making the transition from military leader to father. When an asteroid storm damages their ship, however, a badly injured Cypher and his son are forced to crash-land on Earth. Now, the only way for young Kitai to save his father's life is to find the rescue beacon that was lost when their ship came plummeting through the atmosphere. In order to survive and succeed, Kitai will have to become the type of soldier who would make his father proud.. Eager to follow in his father's footsteps--the battle-hardened General Cypher Raige--his teenage son and hopeful ranger, Kitai, will find himself fighting for his life when an unforeseen catastrophe during a routine space voyage maroons both on a quarantined and perilous Earth. With Cypher incapacitated and in the middle of a hostile alien environment, Kitai must put his rigorous training in the academy to good use to have a fighting chance of saving their lives. Nearly one hundred kilometres of arduous trek brimming with formidable adversaries and ferocious apex predators separate the ill-fated survivors from a faint hope of success. Can Kitai live up to his father's expectations? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the near future, an environmental cataclysm forces the human race to abandon Earth and venture beyond the Solar System in search of a new home. The exodus ends when humanity settles a new pristine world they call Nova Prime. One thousand years later, The Ranger Corps, a peacekeeping organization commanded by General Cypher Raige (Will Smith), comes into conflict with the S'krell, alien creatures that intended to conquer Nova Prime. Their secret weapon are the Ursas, large predatory creatures that hunt by 'sensing' fear. The Rangers struggle against the Ursas until Cypher learns how to completely suppress his fear, a technique called "ghosting". After teaching this technique to the other Rangers, he leads the Ranger Corps to victory. Meanwhile, Cypher's son, Kitai Raige (Jaden Smith), blames himself for the death of his sister, Senshi (Zo Kravitz), at the hands of an Ursa. Not wanting to fail his father again because of her death, Kitai trains hard to become a Ranger just like Cypher. His application for the Ranger Corps is rejected due to his recklessness, and Cypher views him as a disappointment. Kitai's mother, Faia (Sophie Okonedo), convinces Cypher to take Kitai on his last voyage before retirement. Forced together by the mission, father and son start to bond during the trip. However, their spaceship is caught by an asteroid shower forcing them to crash-land on Earth, now a Class-1 quarantined planet. Both of Cypher's legs are broken, and the main emergency beacon has been damaged. Cypher instructs Kitai to locate the tail section of the ship which broke off during the plunge to the surface. Inside is the backup beacon which they can use to signal Nova Prime. Kitai is given Cypher's Ranger weapon, a wrist communicator and six oxygen capsules so he can breathe, since human lungs can no longer tolerate Earth's air. Cypher warns him to avoid the fauna and flora, which has mutated since humans left, and be careful with the planet's thermal shifts. Kitai sets off to find the tail section, with Cypher guiding him through the communicator. Kitai is soon attacked by giant baboons and ends up being bitten by a poisonous leech after going against Cypher's orders in an attempt to escape. Although Kitai successfully administers an antidote, two of his oxygen capsules are damaged, and his nervous system shuts down for hours. When Kitai awakens, he narrowly escapes one of the planet's thermal shifts, and upon discovery of his damaged capsules, lies to Cypher. That night, Kitai listens to Cypher tell him a story of when he was attacked by an Ursa, how he realized that fear is merely an illusion created by the mind's thoughts of the future, and thus he first began to "ghost" himself from the Ursas, choosing to live rather than to let his enemy, both fear and the Ursas, decide his fate. The following day, Kitai reaches a mountaintop, and Cypher learns about Kitai's broken oxygen capsules. Concluding that Kitai won't have enough oxygen, orders him to abort the mission. Believing his father still sees him as a disappointment, Kitai blames Senshi's death on Cypher, who was away from Nova Prime the day they were attacked. Determined to prove his father wrong, Kitai skydives from the mountaintop, but is captured by a massive condor which damages his forewam/wrist communicator in the process. The condor takes a liking to Kitai, who is forced to flee when the condor's nest is attacked by lions. Using a makeshift raft he continues his trek, during which Kitai has a dream about his sister. Senshi reassures him that Cypher's bitterness is just his own anger for not saving her. When Kitai wakes, he is surprised by another thermal shift, loses Cypher's weapon and nearly freezes to death. Fortunately, Kitai is rescued by the condor, that sacrifices itself for him. Kitai reaches the tail section and retrieves the emergency beacon along with another communicator, another weapon and more oxygen capsules. The communicator only allows Cypher to hear and see Kitai, but not for Kitai to hear him. Kitai is shocked to learn the ship was carrying an Ursa meant to teach the cadets how to "ghost" themselves. The creature has escaped in the crash and killed the remnants of the crew. When the emergency beacon does not activate, Cypher realizes that the atmosphere is blocking the signal, and that Kitai must get to higher ground. Kitai heads to a nearby volcano from which he can launch the beacon, where he is attacked by the Ursa and injured. However, remembering both Cypher's instructions, focusing on the moment rather than the outcome, and the words of encouragement Senshi whispered in his dream, Kitai is able to control his fear and "ghost" himself from the Ursa enough to kill it with his weapon. Kitai then launches the beacon and a rescue mission soon arrives to return them to Nova Prime. Cypher recovers from his injuries and salutes Kitai for his bravery 
 Passengers (I) (2016)651) A malfunction in a sleeping pod on a spacecraft traveling to a distant colony planet wakes one passenger 90 years early. The spaceship, Starship Avalon, in its 120-year voyage to a distant colony planet known as the "Homestead Colony" and transporting 5,258 people has a malfunction in one of its sleep chambers. As a result one hibernation pod opens prematurely and the one person that awakes, Jim Preston (Chris Pratt) is stranded on the spaceship, still 90 years from his destination. Eirini The spaceship Avalon is on a 120-year voyage to colonise the planet Homestead II. On board are 258 crew and 5,000 passengers, the first inhabitants of the planet. They will be in hibernation for nearly all of the 120 years. However, after only 30 years, one of the passengers, Jim Preston, is awoken from his hibernation. Try as he might, he cannot re-hibernate himself. He resigns himself to not living to see the end of the voyage. Out of loneliness, he thinks of de-hibernating one of the female passengers. grantss In distant future, humans travel to other planet colonies for a better life. The journey lasts for decades so the passengers are put in a state of hibernation. The technology is full proof and has never failed before. On one such journey something strange happens that will change the future of the passengers. What happens? What causes it? Will they survive? Apar Singh During a long, 120-year journey to the far-off planet, Homestead II, the state-of-the-art spaceship, Avalon, encounters an unusual malfunction. With the lives of more than 5,000 cryogenically frozen passengers hanging by a thread, the unfortunate mechanic, Jim Preston, finds himself prematurely awoken, ninety slow years before reaching the final destination. Now, as insufferable isolation, dreadful loneliness, and profound despair set in, uncomfortable thoughts give rise to a cruel and equally troubling dilemma. Will Jim ever set foot on the promised land? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in outer space with the starship Avalon on autopilot heading to the colony world of Homestead II during a mass exodus of Earth's population. The crew and the 5,000 passengers are all in hibernation pods for the 120-year journey. It is 30 years into the journey. The ship travels through a meteor storm, and power is diverted to the forward shields, then the ship collides with a large meteor and the power blinks, red alert screens come on in the control area, then quickly go back to normal. Something bad has happened. Jim Preston (Chris Pratt), a mechanical engineer, wakes up in his pod with a cheery computer voice telling him that soon they will be arriving at Homestead II. He is told that it is normal to feel confused and weak after being in hibernation. The wristband on his arm is scanned, and the computer leads him to his cabin where he sleeps. The next day he wakes up, tries to decide what to wear when meeting fellow passengers, then makes his way to a cafeteria where he is the only one. He goes to an orientation session about life as a colonist on Homestead, but he is the only one there. The cheery computer generated instructor cannot understand his question about why no one else is there. Jim goes to the Main Concourse and gets no help from the information kiosk. He finds an office where he can send a message to the Homestead Company, that he is warned will be expensive. He sends a message explaining he is the only one awake and needs help, then finds out it will be fifteen years before anyone on earth receives his message. He is on his own. Jim finds manuals for all the ship equipment. He studies the manual on the hibernation pods but cannot find a way to get it started again once the person has woken up. He cannot get into the area where the crew pods are to try and wake anyone for help, and he cannot get into the command area. His wristband does not give him the proper clearance. Jim finds the robot bartender Arthur (Michael Sheen) who he can talk to, but the robot is programmed to dispense bartender advice, like if you don't like where you are, change things. Jim is a general class passenger with a basic cabin, and he breaks into a suite with nicer amenities. A year passes as Jim makes use of the ship's entertainment facilities, but without other people, he becomes more desperately lonely. He goes to an area where passengers can put on a space suit and go outside while safely tethered to the ship. Jim contemplates suicide by opening the airlock without a spacesuit, but stops himself and runs into the pod area. He trips near a pod with a lovely woman inside, Aurora (Jennifer Lawrence). He studies her passenger profile she had recorded before the ship set sail. She is a journalist and is traveling to Homestead to have an adventure and learn about why people choose to be a colonist. He reads her stories and thinks she is perfect. He wrestles with himself about waking her up, knowing that it will doom her to die on the ship, but he cannot stand the isolation after a year alone, so he manually makes her pod wake her up, hiding before she can see him. The same cheery computer program wakes up Aurora and leads her to her cabin to sleep. Aurora wakes up the next day alone and wanders to the grand concourse where she meets Jim. He tells her the truth about how long he has been awake, but he doesn't tell her that he woke her up. He has asked Arthur the robot bartender not to tell Aurora what he has done, and Arthur agrees. Aurora and Jim talk daily, discuss what can be tried to fix the pods. Aurora swims, runs, and begins to write her story. She asks why Jim left planet Earth, and he says he likes to make things and fix things, and on Earth, things get replaced when they break and are not fixed. He wants to live in a house he builds himself. Her plan was to travel to the colony, spend a year there talking to colonists about why they left Earth, then return to Earth. Aurora is a gold class passenger and uses her status to procure more elaborate breakfast meals, than his standard clearance entitles him to. After some time of getting to know each other, Jim asks Aurora on a date and she accepts. After they eat, he takes her to the spacesuit room, and there are two suits and they both get dressed and go outside. Coming back in, Aurora is excited, and they go to Jim's cabin and make love. They are happy, have their routine of exercise, watching the stars, taking advantage of the ship's entertainment and restaurant venues. Another year passes, and it's Aurora's birthday, and Jim plans a special surprise, he made a ring for her. Going in the bar, Aurora tells Arthur that she and Jim have no secrets and Jim agrees, not realizing that Arthur interprets this as meaning that Jim has told Aurora that he woke her up. Jim steps into the men's room, and Arthur tells Aurora what a good choice Jim made to pick her to wake up. Aurora is devastated and furious, and tells Jim to stay away from her. One night she enters his cabin while he's sleeping, and assaults him with her fists. While she's running, Jim uses a ship's intercom to try and explain himself, but Aurora screams that Jim took her life. While all of this is going on, the control room is more frequently getting alerts of system failures, more over time. Jim and Aurora have noticed small things like the cleaning robots having system failures. It's now two years since the meteor collision. One day Gus (Laurence Fishburne) wakes up and appears on the concourse, he is a deck crew chief and has woken up early. Hibernation Pods have never failed before, and he explains that something major is wrong. His wristband gets them into the command center, where they find that the ship's automatic diagnostics have failed and they need to check every deck manually. While Gus runs tests before this can be done, there is a major gravity failure and Aurora almost drowns while in the swimming pool. Gus finds that there have been cascading failures, and the computer can make a timeline that shows the first failure was two years before. Gus determines that the first few failures caused power diversions to try and re-equalize the load, but the load became too heavy, causing more and more failures. The whole ship is in danger of becoming dead in space, which will doom the entire crew and passengers. The area first affected was in the main engine area, but they will have to do a manual inspection to tell where. At this point, Gus collapses, and Jim and Aurora take him to the infirmary and put him in the medical auto diagnostic scanner. There are multiple necrosis all throughout his body and death is imminent, because of the malfunctioning hibernation pod. He puts on his uniform and prepares to die, and gives Jim and Aurora his wristband, so they can access the areas of the ship they need to go to fix things. In engineering, Jim and Aurora find a hole made by a meteorite that goes thru some critical areas. When they open one door, Aurora is almost sucked out because of a hole thru the hull. She blocks it with a tablet Jim pushes to her, and Jim uses a liquid sealant to further seal to the hole. The area pressurizes, and they then learn the fusion engine exhaust has to be manually vented. The manual override won't work, Jim has to get into a spacesuit and go outside to fix it. He ends up having to go into the exhaust passage to open a flap, but it won't stay open, unless Jim holds it open so that the manual vent will work. Aurora, now desperate not to lose Jim, argues with him over the radio, but she pulls the lever. Jim is pushed out, his tether breaks, and there is a hole in his suit. He tells Aurora goodbye. She runs to get into a spacesuit herself and goes to look for him. She retrieves Jim by grabbing his tether, but when they get inside, he is unresponsive. She drags him to the infirmary, and the auto-doc says Jim is dead. Aurora uses Gus' wristband and his override code to get the machine to resuscitate Jim, and it works. He is alive, and she is relieved and overjoyed. Later, things are back to normal on the ship. Jim works on the auto-doc and tells Aurora he found that using the command override he could put her back in hibernation in the infirmary, but he would be alone again. Aurora chooses to stay awake with Jim and make a life with him on the ship, together. 88 years later... It's the end of the voyage, and the captain and crew awake and come to the grand concourse to find there is a huge tree, lots of trailing vines and vegetation, birds flying, and a cabin (that might have Jim and Aurora's grandchildren in it.) Aurora's voice-over is reading her story to the passengers, explaining how they made a good life where they were. 
 Stealth (2005)321) Deeply ensconced in a top-secret military program, three pilots struggle to bring an artificial intelligence program under control before it initiates the next world war. In the near future, the Navy develops a fighter jet piloted by an artificial intelligence computer. The jet is placed on an aircraft carrier in the Pacific to learn combat manuevers from the human pilots aboard. But when the computer develops a mind of its own, it's the humans who are charged with stopping it before it incites a war... austin4577@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. U.S. Navy pilots Ben Gannon (Josh Lucas), Henry Purcell (Jamie Foxx), and Kara Wade (Jessica Biel) are the best of the best. Captain George Cummings (Sam Shepard) chose them out of 400 pilots to fly the next generation of stealth fighter jets called Talons. After their flight training in the Talons, they have become a cohesive unit and a highly efficient fighting team. Captain Cummings adds a new "wingman" to the team, an Unmanned Combat Aerial Vehicle (UCAV) that is being flown by "EDI", a computer with an artificial intelligence brain mounted in a ball inside the cockpit. On their first mission, EDI begins to learn the skills and attitudes of the other pilots, and quickly understands that he can fly the plane better and faster than men. EDI has the capability to process data faster, and under extreme speeds will not blackout. Returning to the aircraft carrier, EDI is struck by lightning, which begins to change the computer's circuits. On the next flight, EDI refuses to scrub a mission despite the potential for massive civilian casualties. Upon return to base, Ben implores Captain Cummings to remove EDI from duty for further testing; Cummings ignores Ben's objections, and EDI's computer tech (who was beginning to suspect EDI was going rogue) is mysteriously replaced by much more docile techs. EDI begins to think for itself, and assigns itself a mission to take out a radical element in China. EDI cuts his link with the flight controller on the carrier, and he will not take a direct order from Ben. Henry locates and chases EDI, and gives it an ultimatum: return to base, or he will take it out. EDI declines to return to base. Henry fires his missiles, misses EDI, and is himself killed by the explosions. If you thought it was unbelievable up 'til now, it gets worse. Back on the carrier, Captain Cummings, in cahoots with his political advisor, decides to destroy EDI, the pilots, and Dr. Orbit, the creator of the plane's AI, to cover up the fiasco. Kara's plane was damaged in the explosion, and she must return to the carrier; en route, her engines fail, she ejects and is injured on her descent, crashing in North Korea. Pursued by N. Korean soldiers, Kara struggles toward the S. Korean border. Meanwhile, Ben chases EDI and manages to talk it back under control. Cummings tells Ben to head to a remote Alaskan base "not on any map" for repairs, EDI in tow. He comes in hot and survives a crash landing. Cummings has had Dr. Orbit brought there, and orders him to wipe EDI's memory. The base personnel turn out to be under Cumming's thumb. Ben survives an attempt on his life by the "medic" tending his injuries, makes his way to the hangar, and in a blaze of gunfire, stops the EDI memory-wipe. He goes inside EDI, blows open the hangar doors with a missile, and flies off in EDI to rescue Kara while Dr. Orbit also escapes. Kara has made it to no-man's land on the Korean border, but it looks like her luck has run out as she is pinned down by enemy fire. Ben and EDI arrive just in time; Ben exits EDI to kiss Kara; EDI, out of missiles, launches itself into a N.Korean helicopter gunship to save the lovers, and they make their way to safety. 
 The 5th Wave (2016)431) Four waves of increasingly deadly alien attacks have left most of Earth in ruin. Cassie is on the run, desperately trying to save her younger brother. Four waves of increasingly deadly attacks have left most of Earth in ruin. Against a backdrop of fear and distrust, Cassie is on the run, desperately trying to save her younger brother. As she prepares for the inevitable and lethal fifth wave, Cassie teams up with a young man who may become her final hope - if she can only trust him. Sony Pictures Entertainment When Earth is attacked by aliens, there is a sequence of waves of destruction to annihilate the population. The aliens drain the energy and create diseases and natural disasters. The teenager Cassie Sullivan moves with her family to the countryside, but when her mother Lisa dies, her father Oliver decides to go to a refugee camp with Cassie and her young brother Sam. Out of the blue, the army comes to the camp to transfer the survivors to a military base. They transfer the children first but Cassie misses the bus where Sam is. She learns that the in the 5th wave, the aliens have assumed the human form and she witnesses the military executing the civilians in the camp including her father. She flees and now she begins her quest to find Sam. Meanwhile the teenagers and children are trained by the military to fight the enemy. But how to know who is human and who is alien? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Cassie Sullivan (Chloe Grace Moretz) is walking through the woods with a gun in her hands. She comes across an empty store and takes what little supplies she can get her hands on. A voice is heard calling for help. Cassie finds a man hidden in the back. They both have their guns aimed at each other. The man lowers his gun but Cassie won't lower hers because the man is holding something in his hand. She orders him to show what's in his hand, but when he does, a light flashes from it and startles Cassie, prompting her to shoot the man. She sees that he was holding a crucifix, and she is horrified at what she's done. Several months earlier.... Cassie was a regular 15-year-old teenager in high school girl. She lived with her parents Oliver (Ron Livingston) and Lisa (Maggie Siff), and her little brother Sam (Zackary Arthur) in a suburb of Cleveland, Ohio. Her best friend was Lizbeth (Gabriela Lopez) and she had a crush on football player Ben Parish (Nick Robinson). Soon, however, everything changed as a mysterious alien spaceships descended and remained hovering above everyone for a number of days without movement. The humans would come to refer to these visitors as "The Others". The Others unleash the first wave, which is an electromagnetic pulse that wipes out all the power on Earth. Planes fall from the sky and kill countless people. Without a fresh water supply, Cassie and Sam have to gather water from a nearby lake. The second wave brings powerful earthquakes and devastating tsunamis to coastal cities, killing even more people. The third wave has the Others modifying the avian flu, which infects people like Lizbeth and even Lisa. Cassie, Sam, and Oliver bury Lisa in the front yard of their house and say goodbye to her. The three head to a survivors camp. After a few days of residing in the camp, a large cloud of dust forms, and from it emerge military men in vans, led by Colonel Vosch (Liev Schrieber). He says he's there to help them. They gather all the children and send them on a bus to a safe location. Oliver reluctantly lets Cassie and Sam go. Sam forgets his teddy bear, so Cassie runs off the bus to grab it. The buses start driving away before Cassie can make it back. Vosch tells the adults that the fourth wave has begun. The Others have begun to use humans as physical hosts, inciting anger and panic among the adults that demand to know how they can tell who is really an Other. A gunfight breaks out, and nearly every adult is killed, including Oliver. Cassie mourns her father and proceeds to move forward on her own. The kids arrive at Camp Haven, a military training facility. Ben and Sam are among those that are recruited. They are given new nicknames as well - Ben is "Zombie" and Sam is "Nugget". Ben meets Sergeant Reznik (Maria Bello). She injects a tracker in the back of his neck and sits him down in front of a two-way mirror where a boy is hooked up to a chair. Reznik says the boy is really an Other. She shows Ben through a lens that the boy has a green skull, then gives Ben a button to kill the boy. Reznik sees that Ben is wearing his dead sister's necklace, using it as motivation to push Ben to press the button, which he does. Cassie carries a gun that her father gave her before he died. She arrives at the abandoned convenience store in the opening scene and is forced to shoot and kill the wounded man as seen before. Next, Cassie walks through an abandoned freeway littered with many abandoned cars and sees many dead bodies. A shot is fired, hitting Cassie in the leg. More gunfire is heard, and Cassie crawls to safety under one of the cars before she passes out from blood loss. Meanwhile, Ben and the other kids start their training. He befriends another kid named Dumbo (Tony Revolori), and they are presented with a girl called Ringer (Maika Monroe), who is tough and takes crap from no one. She is an excellent shot, and she teaches the kids how to shoot after Ben takes her down during training. Cassie wakes up to find herself in the care of a young man named Evan Walker (Alex Roe). He tends to her gunshot wound. Cassie wants to leave and find Sam, but Evan warns her that it would be dangerous for her to go out there on her own without protection. Cassie discovers that Evan took her gun and hid it. She runs away but sets off one of his traps in the woods. Evan runs back to her and protects her as someone else with a gun is walking through the woods. At Camp Haven, Colonel Vosch brings Ben into the control center and tells him that the fifth wave is already happening. He gives him a helmet that will allow him to detect an Other so that he can easily kill them. Evan teaches Cassie how to defend herself by showing her how to take someone's gun and incapacitate them. She shows him pictures of the people she used to know and love before the invasion. Quickly, Cassie and Evan develop an attraction for each other. The kids are brought to a location where Others have been detected. They spot a number of people with green skulls and fire at them. However, they then see Ringer through their lens and see a green skull. Before anyone can shoot her, Ben stops them. He is spotted with a green skull too. He quickly realizes that Vosch and Reznik lied to them, and that THEY are really Others. The fifth wave is the kids themselves. Since they are easily manipulated, they are being used as pawns to slowly wipe out the rest of the humans. Cassie learns that Evan is not quite human after witnessing him kill someone in the woods. He claims that when the alien ship arrived, a switch went off in him. He says he saved her when she got shot from someone else in the distance. Evan claims that his love for Cassie is making him more human. She runs from him and is rescued by the military. Cassie is taken to Camp Haven and goes through the same process as the other kids, only this time she can immediately spot something suspicious with Reznik. The two of them fight until Cassie knocks Reznik out. Ben confronts Vosch about the truth, to which he confirms that he and the rest of the military personnel are Others, and that they need the Earth for themselves. The base is then infiltrated. Cassie runs into Ben, and is then reunited with Sam. Evan shows up and kisses Cassie one last time before he goes to blow up the facility. The heroes run outside as the place is blown up. Ringer rescues them in a van, and they drive away, while Cassie watches as the place is destroyed, sad for Evan's sacrifice. But Colonel Vosch and the rest of the infected military and child cadets escape in a fleet of helicopters and fix-wing aircraft. The kids then set up their own camp, with some of the other kids like Dumbo joining them. Cassie closes the film by narrating that they haven't lost hope, and that hope is keeping them alive. 