nm0005599:

 Declaration of War (2011)Summaries When their young son is diagnosed with a brain tumor, young parents Romo and Juliette unite in the fight for his survival. Romo and Juliette are two young actors. They fall in love at first sight, move in together and make a baby. A love story and the founding of a home like millions of others. Except that their little boy, Adam, behaves abnormally. The young parents try hard to persuade themselves that everything is okay but, with the passing of time, they cannot delude themselves anymore : their son has a problem. Their fears are unfortunately confirmed : Adam suffers from a malignant brain tumor. From now on, war is declared. A war against illness. A war against Death. A war against despair. Guy Bellinger It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hand in Hand (2012)Summaries Hand in Hand is about a French lady who stay under a spell with a boy, a very young boy, both search for answers to the question but nothings seems logic, just magic. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Come Undone (2000)321) Mathieu, 18, spends the summer at his mother's summer house, in Brittany. On the beach, he meets Cdric, a boy his age. A love-story begins between the two boys. Eighteen-year-old Mathieu vacations at the beach with his family when he meets local teen Cdric. After an extremely erotic kiss, the boys begin a passionate romance, complete with skinny-dipping at night, nude dancing on the beach and intense lovemaking in the dunes; yet, as Mathieu grapples with his sexuality and copes with his sick mother, absent father and annoying kid sister, his bond with Cdric grows stronger until it bursts. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Presque Rien ('Come Undone') begins during one hot, French summer in a sleepy, picturesque town near the coast of Nantes and ends there eighteen months later. As Mathieu a quiet eighteen-year-old boy, spends yet another holiday with his depressed mother, nosy aunt and clingy sister, he meets a cocksure young man, Cedric who catches his eye while selling candy at the local seaside amusement park. The beautiful, more experienced Cedric begins to pursue Mathieu, and they are soon meeting for clandestine, evening encounters in the dunes. The young men open up to their respective families about the nature of their involvement, and a fragile happiness sets in. The audience is allowed to steal very private glances at Mathieu's memories and snapshots of his life, including his loss of innocence. These moments let us experience what happens to Mathieu after he gives in to Cedric's pleas for a life together. He learns to live independently for the first time, far removed from the people whose love he's always taken for granted. 
 Marguerite & Julien (2015)Summaries An aristocratic brother and sister embrace passion and hope as they flee from society. A story of desire, love and death beyond all morality. Julien and Marguerite de Ravalet, son and daughter of the Lord of Tourlaville, have loved each other since childhood. But as they grow up, their affection veers toward voracious passion. Scandalized by their affair, society hounds them until, unable to resist their feelings, they flee. A contemporary fairytale about desire, passion, hope, love and death. Wild Bunch It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 