nm0004198:

 The Mandalorian (2019 )Summaries The travels of a lone bounty hunter in the outer reaches of the galaxy, far from the authority of the New Republic. After the stories of Jango and Boba Fett, another warrior emerges in the Star Wars universe. The Mandalorian is set after the fall of the Empire and before the emergence of the First Order. We follow the travails of a lone gunfighter in the outer reaches of the galaxy far from the authority of the New Republic. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker (2019)321) In the riveting conclusion of the landmark Skywalker saga, new legends will be born-and the final battle for freedom is yet to come. While the First Order continues to ravage the galaxy, Rey finalizes her training as a Jedi. But danger suddenly rises from the ashes as the evil Emperor Palpatine mysteriously returns from the dead. While working with Finn and Poe Dameron to fulfill a new mission, Rey will not only face Kylo Ren once more, but she will also finally discover the truth about her parents as well as a deadly secret that could determine her future and the fate of the ultimate final showdown that is to come. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening crawl reveals that a mysterious broadcast has been heard across the galaxy in the voice of the late Emperor Palpatine. General Leia Organa dispatches agents across the galaxy to gather information on this, while Kylo Ren, now Supreme Leader of the First Order, searches for Palpatine in an effort to eliminate all potential threats to his power. He steals an ancient Sith device called a "Wayfinder" from the planet Mustafar, and uses it to navigate the galaxy's unknown regions. Soon, he finds Exagol, the mythical home world of the Sith. Sure enough, Palpatine awaits him there, having returned from the dead via unnatural means following Darth Vader's betrayal in Return Of The Jedi - though he still needs to be hooked up to machinery operated by a cult-like group of Sith loyalists to stay alive. Palpatine reveals he has been pulling the strings of the First Order this whole time - he created Snoke to act as a puppet leader, and helped tempt Kylo to the Dark Side. Kylo intends to kill Palpatine like he killed Snoke, but the former Emperor reveals that he has spent the last 30 years constructing an entire fleet of Star Destroyers - each with the power of a Death Star. He tells Kylo that he could be the ruler of the new Galactic Empire if he destroys Rey, and ends the Jedi Order. But he also warns Kylo that there is more to Rey's story than he may realize... Meanwhile, Finn, Poe Dameron and Chewbacca meet with an informant for the Resistance who tells them that there is a spy in the First Order leaking information. He gives them a message in the form of a data encoder, but squadrons of TIE-Fighters arrive and attack them. Finn, Poe and Chewie are forced to flee in the Millennium Falcon, which takes some damage during their escape, but ultimately manages to get away and destroy a number of its pursuers. On the jungle world Ajan-Kloss, where the Resistance is currently based, Rey is learning the ways of the Force from Leia. She expresses frustration at her inability to communicate with the ghosts of the Jedi who came before, but Leia patiently encourages her young student. During her training session, Rey is startled when she has a shared vision with Kylo Ren, due to their Force connection - flashes of scenes from the previous two movies are shown during this scene. She becomes distracted by the vision, and accidentally drops a tree on BB8. The Falcon returns from its mission. Rey, appalled by the state it's in, argues with Poe, who is frustrated that she chooses to stay back at the base training when she's the best fighter the Resistance has. Poe then reveals to the rest of the Resistance that their worst fears have been confirmed: Palpatine is back, and in 16 hours, his massive fleet will be unleashed onto the galaxy. This will be what the Sith Lord calls "the Final Order". The Resistance will need to get to Exagol and destroy the fleet before it is released, but C3PO explains that there are no maps leading there. Rey remembers something she read in the Jedi texts from Ahch-To - that Luke had gone on a failed search for a Sith wayfinder (the only other one in existence) sometime before his self-imposed exile. All that is known is that the Wayfinder is somewhere on the desert planet Pasaana. Leia agrees to send Rey there and meet with a contact of hers. Finn, Poe, Chewie, 3PO and BB8 insist on coming along. The heroes say their goodbyes - Finn to Rose Tico, 3PO to R2D2, and Rey to Leia - before departing in the Falcon. Having repaired his damaged helmet, Kylo Ren convenes a meeting of the First Order council. He informs his Generals that there is a spy in their midst. Generals Hux and Pryde stare at each other accusingly. One General expresses skepticism about Palpatine's true intentions behind helping them, but Kylo Force-chokes him and levitates his body aggressively to the ceiling. He then prepares to hunt down Rey with his Knights of Ren. The Falcon lands on Pasaana, and the crew arrive at a vibrant festival. Rey is asked her name by one of the natives, and she replies that she's "just Rey". Kylo then reaches out to Rey via the Force and figures out where she is by taking the necklace she was given by the natives of Pasaana. Rey warns her friends that the First Order is coming. The group is then met by Leia's contact, who turns out to be none other than Lando Calrissian. He reveals that many years ago, he accompanied Luke on a mission to track down a man named Ochi, who may have had information regarding the location of the second Wayfinder. They found Ochi's ship abandoned in the desert, where it remains to this day. Lando chose to remain on Pasaana. He gives the heroes directions to where Ochi's ship lies. First Order Stormtroopers arrive, forcing the heroes to flee through the desert. The group ends up sinking through Quicksand, and find themselves in an underground cave where they discover Ochi's remains. Next to him is a dagger that 3PO realizes has an inscription written in the ancient language of the Sith. Unfortunately, his programming forbids him from translating it, much to Poe's frustration. They are then attacked by a giant creature which Rey realizes is injured, and heals with the Force. The creature tunnels an escape route for them out of gratitude. Outside, they find Ochi's ship, but Rey senses that Kylo is near, and goes to hold him off so her friends have time to escape. She damages Kylo's TIE-Fighter, but Chewie is captured by the Knights of Ren along with the dagger, and placed on a First Order transport ship. Rey tries to pull the transport towards her with the Force, but Kylo attempts to do the same. Eventually, a burst of Force Lightning unexpectedly shoots from Rey's hand, destroying the transport. Rey is devastated that she has seemingly killed Chewie, but escapes in Ochie's ship with her friends, while Kylo and his troops steal the Falcon. Finn comforts Rey on the ship, as she is still heartbroken over Chewie. 3PO reveals that he committed the dagger's inscription to his memory, and the group figures out that if they could bypass 3PO's programming, he could translate it for them. Poe says he knows a black market Droidsmith on the planet Kijimi who might be able to do just that. Meanwhile, BB8 befriends another little droid called D-O on the ship. The group lands on Kijimi, and encounter a Spice Runner named Zorii Bliss, who is revealed to be an old friend (and possibly ex-lover) of Poe's. Zorii brings them to Babu Frik, the droidsmith Poe mentioned. Frik says he can bypass 3PO's programming, but in doing so, he will have to wipe the droid's memory. Despite this, 3PO insists on going ahead with it anyway, prepared to sacrifice his memory for the good of the Resistance's cause. Frik hacks into 3PO's memory, and he translates the inscription, revealing that the other Wayfinder is on the remains of the second Death Star. 3PO then reboots, having lost all his memories. Zorii gives Poe a First Order captain's medallion to help them get through the First Order's security. The First Order arrives on Kijimi, having tracked the group there. Rey senses that Chewie is alive on their ship, and realizes he must have been on a different transport to the one she destroyed. The heroes agree to use the medallion to get on board the ship and rescue Chewie and the Falcon. On board the ship, the group is separated - Finn and Poe are captured alongside Chewie. Rey comes across the Sith dagger, and touches it, experiencing a vision that reveals Ochi killed her parents. It seems that he had been sent after her, and her parents sold her to keep their daughter safe. Kylo senses that Rey is on board his ship. Finn, Poe and Chewie are about to be executed by the First Order. However, Hux saves them and reveals that he is the spy - he doesn't care whether or not the Resistance wins, but he is sabotaging the First Order's cause out of spite towards Kylo Ren. Kylo arrives to confront Rey, and finally reveals the truth to her: her father was the son of Palpatine, making her the Emperor's granddaughter. He also reveals that they are connected because they are a "dyad" in the Force, and once again tries to convince her to join him. Rey refuses, and escapes on the Falcon with Finn, Poe, Chewie, 3PO, BB8 and D-O. General Pryde figures out that Hux was the spy, and kills him. Palpatine then issues an order for Kijimi to be destroyed by one of his Star Destroyers. The First Order is still able to follow the heroes, because they scanned the dagger and translated its inscription before they arrived. The remains of the second Death Star are located on an ocean moon near Endor. There, the group are met by a tribe of ex-Stormtroopers led by a young woman named Jannah. She and Finn bond over having both escaped from the First Order. Rey braves her way through the perilous ocean to make her way to the Death Star. She gets the Wayfinder, then has a vision of herself as a Sith. Kylo then arrives and destroys the Wayfinder, meaning Rey can only reach Exagol if she comes with him. Rey becomes angered, and they begin a lightsaber duel. For a time, it looks like Kylo is winning - but Leia senses the duel back on Ajan-Kloss. Desperate, Leia reaches out to her son through the Force, causing him to hesitate. Rey takes this opportunity to stab Kylo with her lightsaber - but realizes too late that this also affects Leia, since she and Kylo were connected at the time. Rey heals Kylo with the Force, but is unable to save Leia, who dies back at the base. Distraught, and still haunted by the revelation of her true lineage, Rey steals Kylo's TIE-Fighter and leaves. She returns to Ahch-To, intending to exile herself there as Luke once did. But when she tries to burn the Skywalker lightsaber, Luke's Force Ghost appears and stops her. He tells her that she must not make the same mistake he did, and reveals that Leia knew of her Palpatine lineage all along, but still trained her. He then gives her a lightsaber that was intended for Leia before she gave up her Jedi training because of her pregnancy. Rey remembers that Kylo has the other Wayfinder in his TIE-Fighter and removes it. Luke levitates his X-Wing out of the water (mirroring the scene where Yoda does the same thing in The Empire Strikes Back), and Rey sets a course for Exagol. Meanwhile, Kylo is more conflicted than ever, and racked with remorse over his mother's death. He has a vision of his father, Han Solo, encouraging him to renounce the Dark Side and return to the light. Kylo tosses his lightsaber away, reclaiming his identity as Ben Solo. With Kylo presumed dead, Pryde takes command of the Sith fleet on Exagol, and destroys Kijimi. We also learn that Pryde served Palpatine during the days of the Galactic Empire. Finn, Poe and the others (now accompanied by Jannah) return to Ajan-Kloss, and are informed of Kijimi's destruction as well as Leia's death. Chewie breaks down and howls in anguish over Leia's passing, and Poe is informed that he is to succeed her as General. Poe does not feel that he has what it takes to be the leader Leia was. Lando arrives, and Poe asks him how he, Leia, Han and Luke were able to take on a whole Empire when the odds seemed stacked against them. Lando replies that they had each other, and encourages Poe. R2 backs up 3PO's memory, and then starts receiving a signal from Luke's X-Wing. Realizing it's Rey, and that she is leading them all to Exagol, Poe appoints Finn as his co-General, and prepares to lead a Resistance fleet against Palpatine's Star Destroyers. Lando is sent off in the Falcon to gather reinforcements from across the galaxy. Rey arrives on Exagol and confronts Palpatine, who tells her to strike him down, so his spirit may pass into her. He threatens to destroy her friends if she does not. Rey is about to carry out the deed, but senses that Ben has arrived to help her. The two manage to share Leia's lightsaber via their Force connection, and take down the Knights of Ren together. Palpatine realizes they are a dyad in the Force, and draws life force from them, rejuvenating himself. He declares that nothing will stop the return of the Sith, and tosses Ben down a nearby chasm, seemingly killing him. The Resistance engages in battle with the First Order's fleet, but all seems hopeless, as they are outnumbered and overpowered. Just as Poe thinks the battle is lost, Lando arrives with a massive fleet of ships from across the galaxy. Among the reinforcements are Zorii and Babu Frik (who escaped Kijimi before it was destroyed) and Rebellion veteran Wedge Antilles. Now, the Resistance has their own army capable of taking on the First Order. In Palpatine's throne-room, a weakened Rey lies on the floor. Suddenly, she begins to hear the voices of the fallen Jedi reaching out to her - she hears Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, Yoda, Qui-Gon Jinn, Mace Windu, Ahsoka Tano, Kanan Jarrus, Aayla Secura, Luminara Unduli, Adi Gallia, and finally, Luke Skywalker, all of whom say that they will stand behind her, and she must rise up to destroy the Emperor and restore balance. Rey gets to her feet, and Palpatine attempts to shoot Force Lighting at her, which she deflects with Leia and Luke's lightsabers. Palpatine angrily says that she is powerless to stop him, and declares "I am ALL THE SITH!". Rey responds "and I...am all the Jedi", and deflects the lighting back at her grandfather, disintegrating his body and destroying the lord of the Sith once and for all. The effort drains all life from Rey, and she begins to die. Ben crawls out of the chasm and transfers his life force to Rey, reviving her. They share a kiss before he dies, redeemed just like his grandfather before him. Meanwhile, the Resistance destroys the First Order's fleet, killing Pryde. The heroes reunite at Ajan-Kloss. Maz Kanata presents Chewie with one of the medals Leia presented Luke and Han with in A New Hope. Lando offers to help Jannah find her long-lost family. Rey, Finn and Poe embrace, celebrating their victory over the First Order. Sometime later, Rey and BB8 take the Falcon to Tatooine, and visit the now-abandoned Lars homestead where Luke Skywalker was raised by his aunt and uncle. She buries the Skywalker lightsabers there, having constructed her own. A local passes by, and remarks that nobody has come by here in a long time. She asks who Rey is. Rey tells her her name. "Rey who?" asks the stranger. As the ghosts of Luke and Leia smile over her, Rey responds "Rey Skywalker". She and BB8 then watch the twin suns of Tatooine, just as Luke used to do as a young man - but now, they are rising and not setting. 
 The Suicide Squad (2021)321) Supervillains Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker and a collection of nutty cons at Belle Reve prison join the super-secret, super-shady Task Force X as they are dropped off at the remote, enemy-infused island of Corto Maltese. In exchange for lighter sentences, just like the anti-hero team in Suicide Squad (2016) , a new batch of Belle Reve's meta-humans strike a deal with the cold head of Task Force X, Amanda Waller. This time, her ragtag band of super-powered convicts--Harley Quinn, Bloodsport, Peacemaker, King Shark, Polka-Dot Man, and Ratcatcher 2--venture into the peril-laden South American island nation of Corto Maltese to find the Thinker: the evil scientist in charge of the mysterious Project Starfish. But, as the band joins forces with an old leader of the notorious team, humankind is on the verge of extinction. Can the expendable Suicide Squad stop the new menace that could mean the end of the world as we know it? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens at Belle Reve Penitentiary where Brian Durland/Savant (Michael Rooker) is in his break room throwing a ball around at targets that he has precisely set up. He even uses his skills to bounce the ball off the walls and kill a canary. He is then pulled away by Amanda Waller (Viola Davis) as she assigns him to a task. Savant is thrown into Task Force X/The "Suicide Squad" (also known as Team 2) alongside Blackguard (Pete Davidson), Captain Boomerang (Jai Courtney), Weasel (Sean Gunn), Mongal (Mayling Ng), Javelin (Flula Borg), The Detachable Kid/TDK (Nathan Filion), and Harley Quinn (Margot Robbie). Led by Rick Flag (Joel Kinnaman), the team travels to the island of Corto Maltese for their mission. Upon arriving, Weasel falls into the water and apparently drowns since nobody knew he couldn't swim. When the Squad makes it to land, Blackguard steps out and reveals he brought the team to the mercenaries waiting for them on the beach. For his troubles, he gets his face blown off. Harley goes in blasting while Boomerang throws his signature weapon to slice some heads off. TDK's arms pop off so he can use them as (ineffective) weapons. The mercenaries retaliate and shoot TDK and Javelin dead. Mongal attempts to bring a chopper down but it crashes and she burns to death. Boomerang is impaled with wood and then shredded by the chopper's blades. Harley and Flag go missing while Savant attempts to flee the chaos. Although Waller warns him, she detonates the explosive in the back of his head, causing it to blow up. She then sends in her second team to finish the job. Three days earlier....... Amanda Waller goes to recruit Robert DuBois/Bloodsport (Idris Elba), a deadly mercenary who is there for putting Superman in the ICU with a kryptonite bullet. Her leverage against him is Bloodsport's teenage daughter Tyla (Storm Reid), who is in danger of serving time for stealing. The two argue loudly, as Tyla makes it clear that Bloodsport was a bad father. He goes to threaten Waller into releasing Tyla, but she knows he is going to comply regardless. After he relents, she introduces him to her other recruits - Christopher Smith/Peacemaker (John Cena), a patriotic mercenary; Cleo Cazo/Ratcatcher 2 (Daniela Melchior), who has the ability to control rats and keeps one named Sebastian close by; Nanaue/King Shark (Sylvester Stallone), an underwater prince with a taste for human meat; and Abner Krill/Polka Dot Man (David Dastmalchian), a man with an unusual genetic disorder whose specialty is throwing weaponized polka dots. Waller informs the team about the situation in Corto Maltese - the nation was overthrown by a dictator named Silvio Luna (Juan Diego Botto) and his right-hand man General Mateo Suarez (Joaquin Cosio) after they executed the presidential family. They are operating in a Nazi-era research facility called Jotunheim where they are conducting dangerous experiments, code-named "Project Starfish". The Squad is assigned to find Dr. Gaius Grieves/The Thinker (Peter Capaldi) since he can lead them to Jotunheim and they can destroy whatever is going on in there. We jump to the facility where Luna and Suarez are observing their work, a gigantic starfish alien creature. Presently, while Team 2 is making their way through the jungle, they come across a group that they believe to be mercenaries in league with the military, so the Squad kills them before they make it to the camp where Flag is hanging out with his contact Sol Soria (Alice Braga), a dissident whose team, the Freedom Fighters, is trying to take Corto Maltese back from Luna and Suarez...and unfortunately her team was the group that the Squad just killed. The team walks out of the jungle when they notice Polka Dot Man glowing different colors. He explains that his condition happened because his mother worked at STAR Labs and experimented on him and his siblings to give them superpowers. His condition forces him to drain the dots out of him or he will die, and he views all of his enemies as his mother before killing them. Before heading to Jotunheim, Flag insists that they recover Harley. Harley has been taken captive by Luna's men, but he brings her to his room to woo her since she is seen in the country as a symbol of anti-American anarchy. Harley is initially charmed by him, and he even asks her to marry him. However, when he reveals his plan of using whatever is in Jotunheim to eliminate anyone who threatens his regime, even if it means killing children. This crosses Harley and she shoots Luna dead, leading to his men to capture and imprison her. The Squad is being taken by Sol's contact Milton (Julio Cesar Ruiz) to go to a bar called La Gatita Amable where they will find Thinker. On the road there, Ratcatcher asks Bloodsport why he is afraid of rats, as he is always recoiling around Sebastian even though, according to Cleo, he sees good in Bloodsport. DuBois states that his father once punished him with rats, and it lead to his phobia. When he asks her why she is so drawn to rats, she explains that her father, Ratcatcher 1 (Taika Waititi), taught her how to control them but also treat them as family, but he was a drug addict and ultimately overdosed when she was a child. Bloodsport and Ratcatcher promise to one another that they will get each other out alive. The team makes it to the bar, but Nanaue has to stay behind since he will stick out. The Squad drinks and dances before they spot Thinker. They apprehend him, but the military comes in to search everyone since they know that there are Americans in there. Bloodsport sends Ratcatcher outside with Thinker while he, Peacemaker, and Polka Dot Man are all taken in. On the road, the three subdue the gunmen and kill the driver before their van is run off the road. Ratcatcher and King Shark arrive with Thinker in tow. Meanwhile, Harley is being tortured by Suarez's men for information, but she never budges. When she is left alone with his guard, she snaps his neck with her legs and sets herself free. Harley proceeds to shoot down Suarez's guards before getting her hands on some blades and Javelin's... javelin to slaughter her way through the guards. Outside, Flag tries to lead the Squad to rescue Harley until she shows up and joins them. They then get Thinker and order him to get them inside Jotunheim. Once inside (and after Milton is killed), Thinker leads the Squad to the creature that he calls Starro The Conqueror. Peacemaker and Nanaue set up bombs all over the place. Thinker reveals to the Squad that the American government was behind the experiments involving Starro since they have been secretly funding Corto Maltese for decades. Starro also emits smaller starfish that attach themselves to human faces and take over their bodies like zombies, and there are slews of corpses of Starro's other victims all over the facility. Starro breaks free and grabs Thinker, tearing him in two and splattering him across the wall. Flag attempts to secure the hard drive with evidence against the American government to deliver to the press, but Peacemaker turns on him per Waller's orders. The two fight each other, with Flag nearly choking Peacemaker to death, but he stabs Flag through the heart with a piece of a broken sink. Ratcatcher witnesses this and grabs the flash drive while Peacemaker attempts to kill her. Meanwhile, Nanaue comes across small fish that mimic him, until their aquarium is broken and they begin to leech onto him, all while Bloodsport, Harley, and Polka Dot Man try to survive the crumbling facility. Bloodsport manages to survive going through several stories before he lands and witnesses Peacemaker getting ready to execute Ratcatcher. The two mercs draw their guns and fire their bullets at each other, with Bloodsport's bullet breaking through Peacemaker's and striking him in the throat, bringing him down. King Shark falls outside and is shot by Suarez's men, but he rises and bites the head off one gunmen before the rest of the Squad runs out of the facility as Starro bursts out. It releases more starfish that kill Suarez and his men and then proceeds to make its way into the city. Waller declares the mission over since the evidence is destroyed, but the surviving members want to save the city. Waller threatens to detonate their devices and kill them on the spot until her subordinate, Flo Crawley (Tinashe Kajese) brains her with a golf club and has the rest of the team guide the Squad to save the city. At the same time, Sol and her team execute the remaining members of the regime to stage their coup and take their country back. Bloodsport begins blasting away at Starro while King Shark goes "nom nom" on the alien and starts to bite into it. Polka Dot Man envisions Starro as his mother and unleashes his polka dots to burn Starro's leg, but the alien crushes him. Ratcatcher tries to use her beacon to summon the rats, but Bloodsport pushes her out of the way before she is killed. She then uses the beacon and gets practically every rat in the city to take down the infected citizens and start to take Starro down. Harley then charges into Starro's eye with the javelin and breaks through before the rats make their way inside and take Starro down from the inside, finally killing it and saving the city. The Squad's heroics are broadcast on the news, and Tyla acknowledges her father as a hero. Bloodsport contacts Waller, ordering her to let the team and Tyla go free, or they will leak the evidence from the laboratory to the press. She reluctantly agrees and calls for the chopper to bring them home. As the team rests, Sebastian crawls onto Bloodsport's leg, and he begins to pet the rat. Mid-Credits Scene: Weasel is shown to still be alive and starts wandering into the jungle of Corto Maltese. Post-Credits Scene: Waller's subordinates John Economos (Steve Agee) and Emilia Harcourt (Jennifer Holland) are brought to a room where they find that Peacemaker is still alive, because Waller needs him, as Harcourt puts it, "to save the fucking world." 
 Phantom Thread (2017)651) Set in 1950s London, Reynolds Woodcock is a renowned dressmaker whose fastidious life is disrupted by a young, strong-willed woman, Alma, who becomes his muse and lover. Set in the glamour of 1950s post-war London, renowned dressmaker Reynolds Woodcock (Daniel Day-Lewis) and his sister Cyril (Lesley Manville) are at the center of British fashion, dressing royalty, movie stars, heiresses, socialites, debutants, and dames with the distinct style of The House of Woodcock. Women come and go through Woodcock's life, providing the confirmed bachelor with inspiration and companionship, until he comes across a young, strong-willed woman, Alma (Vicky Krieps), who soon becomes a fixture in his life as his muse and lover. Once controlled and planned, he finds his carefully tailored life disrupted by love. Focus Features In the dazzling world of glamour in 1950s London, Europe's most refined, most exquisite and most brilliant couturier, Reynolds Woodcock, of The House of Woodcock, rests in his laurels, knowing that his artistic creations in lustrous silk and delicate chiffon are nothing less than objects of pure desire. However, everything is about to change in the favourite dressmaker's well-organised life, when a chance encounter with Alma, the charming and almost perfectly-proportioned young waitress, will strike a chord with Woodcock, embracing the bright-eyed woman as his new muse. But is Alma just another mannequin waiting next in line? Nick Riganas It's the 1950s. Confirmed bachelor Reynolds Woodcock is a famed London couturier, clothing the rich and famous. His business is a one man show on the design side. His genius can only be achieved within an environment which he controls to his complete sensibility. On the business side is his spinster sister, Cyril Woodcock, who maintains order within the household to allow Reynolds to work within his controlled environment. She will, however, not allow anything or anyone to upset the apple cart, including Reynolds losing sight that it is a business, and not just a means to design and create fashions solely for his own satisfaction without regard for the clients. That balance in their work/live relationship has the potential to take a turn when Reynolds meets waitress Alma Elson. She not only becomes his muse but his assistant and lover. The entrance of Alma into Reynolds' life and thus the business changes the balance between Reynolds and Cyril, especially as Alma has her own sensibility of herself in Reynolds' life and in his business, which is often at odds with that control that Reynolds and Cyril have worked so hard to create and maintain. Huggo In 1954 London, renowned fashion designer Reynolds Woodcock creates dresses for members of high society. His charisma and genius are matched by his obsessive, controlling personality. Cyril, his sister, manages the day-to-day operations of his fashion house and has significant influence over his life. Reynolds is haunted by the death of their mother, and stitches hidden messages into the linings of the dresses he makes. After designing a new gown for a revered client, the Countess, Reynolds visits a restaurant in the countryside and becomes interested in a waitress, Alma. He asks her to have dinner with him, and she accepts. Their relationship develops, and she moves in with him, becoming his model, muse and lover. Cyril initially distrusts Alma but comes to respect her willfulness and determination. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1950s London, renowned fashion designer Reynolds Woodcock creates dresses for members of high society. His charisma and genius are matched by his obsessive and controlling personality. Cyril, his sister, manages the day-to-day operations of his fashion house and has significant influence over his life. The superstitious Reynolds is haunted by the death of their mother, and often stitches hidden messages into the linings of the dresses he makes. After designing a new gown for a revered client, Countess Henrietta Harding, Reynolds visits a restaurant in the countryside and becomes interested in a foreign waitress, Alma. He asks her to have dinner with him, and she accepts. Their relationship develops, and she moves in with him, becoming his model, muse and lover. Cyril initially distrusts Alma but comes to respect her willfulness and determination. At first, Alma enjoys being a part of Reynolds' work, but he proves aloof, hard to please and overly finicky. They begin to bicker. When Alma tries to show her love for Reynolds by preparing a romantic dinner for two, he lashes out, saying he will not tolerate deviations from the routines he has worked hard to perfect. Alma "retaliates" by poisoning Reynolds' tea with wild mushrooms gathered outside his country house. As he readies a wedding gown for a Belgian princess, Reynolds collapses, damaging the dress and forcing his staff to work all night to repair it. He becomes gravely ill and has hallucinations of his mother. Alma nurses him back to health. He asks her to marry him; she accepts. After a brief honeymoon, Reynolds and Alma soon start bickering again. Cyril reveals to Reynolds that the Countess is now a client at a rival fashion house, and hints that his classical designs have begun appearing out-of-date. As Reynolds feels his work is suffering, he concludes it may be time to send her away; Alma overhears this. Back at the country house, Alma responds by making Reynolds a poisoned omelette. As he chews his first bite, she informs him that she wants him weak and vulnerable with only her to take care of him. Reynolds swallows the omelette and tells her to kiss him before he is sick. As Reynolds lies ill, Alma imagines their future with children, a rich social life, and her running the dressmaking business as a partner. She acknowledges that while there may be challenges ahead, their love and their new arrangement can overcome them. 