nm0010467:

 Billy the Kid's Fighting Pals (1941)321) Billy, Fuzzy, and Jeff are on the run from the law again. This time they travel to a new town where Fuzzy is made Marshal. But Hardy and his outlaw gang control the town and none of the previous Marshals survived for very long. Riding toward Paradise, Billy the Kid ( Bob Steele ), Fuzzy Jones ( Al St. John ) and Jeff ( Carleton Young ) witness the murder of Marshal Mason ( Stanley Price ). Fuzzy rides into town, posing as the dead lawman, and learns the town is being ruled by a gang, supposedly headed by Burke ( Curley Dresden ), but, in reality, bossed by a leading businessman in Paradise. The trio set out to put an end to the lawlessness but Ann Hardy ( Phyllis Adair ), ward of the town banker, Hardy ( Edward Peil Sr. ), keeps placing obstacles in their path, for reasons of her own. They are aided in their task by Lopez ( Julian Rivero ), a member of the Mexico secret service, posing as a bartender. Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Billy the Kid and his friends, Fuzzy and Jeff, who are perpetually on the run from the law, head for the border town of Paradise, where they hope Billy's identity will not be known. While riding, they hear shots and find a badly wounded marshal, who tells them that a secret committee in Paradise sent for him to investigate a smuggling ring. When the men arrive in Paradise, Billy tells Fuzzy, who had helped himself to the marshal's badge, to pose as the lawman and find out what is going on. Fuzzy is soon intercepted by members of the secret committee, who tell him that the town's merchants are being terrorized and driven out by a criminal element. At a Paradise cafe, meanwhile, Billy and Jeff watch as outlaws Burke and Badger force the newspaper editor, Mason, to leave town. Badger proceeds to auction off the newspaper, and Billy outbids the others, then easily defeats Badger in a fight while Lopez, the bartender, draws up the contract. The town banker, Hardy, and his ward Ann are congratulating Billy when word comes that Mason has been shot to death. While Ann helps Billy clean up the newspaper office, Hardy, who unknown to Billy is the mastermind behind the town's illegal operations, confers with Badger about his plan to drive the merchants into bankruptcy in order to acquire their property and build a smuggling tunnel under the border. Meanwhile, a visiting sheriff comes into the marshal's office offering a reward for Billy, who has been falsely accused of murder. Still posing as the marshal, Fuzzy alters the description of the fugitive and assigns Billy and Jeff to print the "wanted" posters. Later, Hardy's men try to lure Fuzzy into an ambush, but Billy intervenes, so the outlaws decide to attack Billy while he is escorting Ann home. Once again, Billy thwarts the ambush and leaves Ann with the bound Badger while he pursues the others. When he returns with Jeff, Ann is alone, claiming that Badger broke his bonds and escaped. Billy, who had suspected that Ann was looking for something at the newspaper office, concludes that Badger and Hardy are in business together. Back in town, Fuzzy prevails in a shootout with Hardy's henchmen and locks Badger in jail. There, Badger tells Billy about Hardy's plan, but one of Hardy's henchmen overhears the interrogation and deduces Billy's true identity. When Hardy sends for the sheriff, Ann hurries to the jail to see Badger, with whom she is in love. Billy takes Ann and Badger to the cafe, where Lopez, who is actually a Mexican secret service agent, gives him affidavits confirming Hardy's smuggling operation, the same documents Ann had been searching for in the newspaper office. When the sheriff arrives, Lopez gives him the evidence, and Hardy and Badger are arrested. Billy and his friends escape from Paradise, shooting some of the letters off the sign at the town entrance before riding off. 
 Land of Hunted Men (1943)Summaries The Range Busters arrive to see if they can find out who has been robbing the stage of the mine payrolls. Crash is a big winner in Faro Wilson's card game and when the winning bills are later checked, they are found to be from the mine payroll. When the mine manager is seen sneaking into Faro's office, the Range Busters know how Faro learns of the shipments and they are ready when the next payroll goes out. Maurice VanAuken <mvanauken@a1access.net> The Range Busters, "Crash" Corrigan, Denny Moore and "Alibi" Terhune, are hanging out in a shack preparatory to entering a town to clean up a gang of mail robbers. Denny happens upon a robbery, tries to stop it and is wounded when he is chased by the supposed vigilantes who are in reality members of the gang. They trail him to the shack, but "Crash" and "Alibi" conceal him. They send their cook, "Snowflake" to town, and "Crash" and "Alibi" also go there to see Sheriff Wallace. While there, they drop in at the saloon ran by "Faro" Wilson and win so much money that "Faro" picks a fight to recover his money. "Crash" and "Alibi" escape, and "Snowflake" retrieves the money and also hangs around long enough to overhear that "Faro" plans to rob the mail coach again and that Pelham, respected citizen and mine manager, is the secret man behind the gang robbing his own payrolls. Meanwhile, "Crash" , Denny and "Alibi"---and "Elmer"--- are hanging out over at Rancher Oliver's house, and "Crash" and "Denny" are making a heavy play at trying to score with his daughter, Dorrie. This goes on for a while and then all hands saddle up and ride to prevent the stagecoach hold-up. Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 All Women Have Secrets (1939)Summaries When they decide they might as well be penniless husbands and wives as penniless campus sweethearts, three couples at a midwestern university, against the advice of their friends, get married. Joe and Susie Tucker prove that two can live as cheap as one by setting up housekeeping in a trailer, and working at whatever odd jobs turn up. Slats and Jennifer Warwick marry because they can fight better under the same roof than when separated, and use Jennifer's allowance from home to pay for their groceries. John Gregory, a brilliant pre-med student, and his bride, Kay, are in the most serious situation. Kay's allowance is suddenly cut off by her unsympathetic step-mother, while the scholarship on which John is depending is threatened by his inability to do two jobs at once - study all day and work at night to support them. Kay, determined to prevent John from giving up college, takes a series of back-breaking jobs in order to give him time to study. She gets a job singing in a night club, but has to quit when the stork announces an imminent arrival. Her secret, being pregnant, helps her to make up her mind to go back home and leave John free to accept the offer of a professor who wants the promising student to work with him abroad. Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Glass Alibi (1946)Summaries Joe Eykner ( Douglas Fowley ), an opportunistic newspaper reporter, persuades wealthy, Santa Monica widow Linda Vale ( Maris Wrixon ), to marry him. He and his girlfriend, Belle Martin (Anne Gwynne (I)', are planning on Linda soon dying from her heart ailment. But, renewed by love, Linda's condition is rapidly improving, which prompts her impatient husband to scheme the "perfect" murder, but police homicide-detective, Max Anderson ( Paul Kelly ), is asking a lot of questions. Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> An unscrupulous reporter marries a rich socialite he believes is dying of a heart condition, in order to inherit her money when she finally dies. Her health soon begins to improve, and instead of dying, she actually gets better. The reporter and his lover, the girlfriend of an imprisoned mob boss, hatch a scheme to get rid of the woman for good. frankfob2@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 