nm0005020:

 G.I. Jane (1997)321) A female Senator succeeds in enrolling a woman into Combined Reconnaissance Team training where everyone expects her to fail. When a crusading chairperson of the military budget committee pressures the would be Navy secretary to begin full gender integration of the service, he offers the chance for a test case for a female trainee in the US Navy's elite SEAL/C.R.T. selection program. LT. Jordan O'Neill is given the assignment, but no one expects her to succeed in an inhumanly punishing regime that has a standard 60% dropout rate for men. However, O'Neill is determined to prove everyone wrong. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Washington DC a Senate hearing is being held. The hearing is chaired by a powerful Senator, Lillian DeHaven, who questions the US military's policies of women being allowed to serve in combat situations. DeHaven plans to have a female naval officer enroll in SEAL training, one of the toughest training programs the US Military has to offer, with a 60% failure rate amongst its candidates. She receives much resistance from the Naval representatives at the hearing, however she uses her influence to put her plan into action. The candidate DeHaven handpicks is Lieutenant Jordan O'Neill, who works in Naval communications as a satellite communications specialist. O'Neill has been passed over for promotion within her division with many male coworkers having less experience than she does. O'Neill is also romantically involved with one of her superior officers, Royce. Tension arises between herself and Royce when she chooses to participate in the training course. O'Neill reports to the SEAL training facility and is immediately subject to ridicule and discrimination from her fellow candidates and the base's commanding colonel, who makes attempts to treat her delicately because she's a woman. The facility's command master chief (CMC), John Urgayle, addresses his candidates for the 1st time by reciting a poem, "Self Pity", by DH Lawrence. The trainees are then begin their "hell week" where they are subjected to extremely rigorous mental and physical conditions: they are forced to push heavy ship fenders up sand dunes, exercise in cold water, hold heavy rafts over their heads for prolonged periods of time and are constantly ridiculed by Urgayle's staff. When the training regimen becomes too much for a candidate they have the option of leaving the program voluntarily by ringing a ceremonial bell three times. Hell week ends for the candidates when they are required to run a difficult obstacle course under live fire. O'Neill is told that there will be a small set of wooden steps at a wall marking the end of the course, to make it easier for her to scale the wall -- she protests and is told to be quiet. The trainees, including O'Neill, make it to the wall; O'Neill pushes the step unit aside and volunteers her own body to allow her fellow trainees to get over the wall. The last trainee, Cortez, reaches his hand down to help O'Neill but keeps his grip just out of reach and then suggests she quit. (He is later punished for his actions.) O'Neill uses the stair unit to scale the wall and runs to join her comrades but misses a tripwire, signifying she may have killed some or all of the company. Later, when Urgayle's staff reads of the candidates' times, O'Neill finds to her surprise she passed the course, even though she came in dead last, behind other candidates who didn't finish in the required 12 minute limit. She's told that she was given a 30 second buffer, a concept they refer to as "gender norming". O'Neill meets directly with the base's colonel, who, never happy about the idea of a woman being allowed into SEAL training, tells her that he'd altered the program because she's a woman. O'Neill requests that she be treated the same as the male candidates, including being allowed to take up residence in their barracks. Her request is granted and she reports to the base's barber shop. The barber isn't there and she shaves off her long hair herself and joins the men in their barracks. After a brief argument with one of the other candidates, Urgayle orders the ranking officer, Wickwire, to make up a schedule to allow O'Neill privacy in the head and shower. Back in Washington, O'Neill's success in hell week is reported to DeHaven. It is revealed that DeHaven has also been generating publicity about O'Neill's candidacy but she has an ulterior motive: she is using the incident as leverage to prevent the closing of military bases in her native Texas, but voting for base closings in other states. O'Neill continues through the rest of the program, learning how to use weapons, field strip and reassemble them and learns the effects of forced drowning from interrogation. She manages to score higher than most of her male counterparts and slowly begins earning the respect of more of her comrades. During an exercise where they are extracted from the water by high-speed boats, O'Neill fails to pull herself from the water (though she receives little help unlike her male teammates). Urgayle lectures her later about her failure in the test and tells her he earned the Navy Cross for pulling a man much larger than himself from a burning tank. He worries that O'Neill may not be able to perform a similar task under combat conditions. He also tells her that she'll be taking over a squad when one of the other trainees must leave due to an injury. The trainees then enter a very crucial stage of the program called SERE. They will be placed into a simulated combat mission where they are very likely be captured and subjected to harsh interrogation and physical abuse. The teams are dropped off at the coast of Captiva Island and, under O'Neill's direction, make their way inland until they find what appears to be a deserted compound. While they perform their reconnaissance procedures, part of O'Neill's team, Cortez and Slovnick, break off and try to retrieve a helmet for a souvenir, contravening her direct orders. The helmet is shot off its perch by a sniper and a net traps them both. O'Neill and the rest of her team try to retreat into the forest and are quickly captured. Their captors turn out to be Urgayle, his assistant Pyro and the rest of their training instructors. The ranking officers, including O'Neill, are thrown into confined wooden boxes and taken one at a time into the main shack to be interrogated. When O'Neill is taken in, Urgayle preys upon his perceived notion of O'Neill's weakness & her ability to carry out one of her team who was injured in their attempted escape. Urgayle then begins to beat O'Neill viciously, under the pretense of the treatment she'd receive if she were really captured by an actual hostile. Urgayle drags O'Neill outside and shoves her head in a trough of muddy water, demanding that the other prisoners reveal intelligence about the rest of the SEAL team in the forest. Urgayle then threatens to rape O'Neill in front of the company. O'Neill, her hands bound behind her, kicks Urgayle in the crotch and slams her skull into his face, breaking his nose. She then kicks him further. Urgayle gets to his feet and beats O'Neill down. He staggers to the prisoner corral and tries to convince the male members of the team, who have all turned their backs on him, that O'Neill is a weak link that could get them all killed. O'Neill, having regained her feet, suddenly shouts "SUCK MY DICK!!" to Urgayle. The rest of the team rallies behind her and Urgayle gives up, defeated. After returning from SERE training, the team, with new found respect and admiration for O'Neill's tough nature and courage, treat her to a drink. Shortly after, O'Neill is called into the colonel's office and presented with pictures of her hanging out with female officers suspected of being lesbians. O'Neill is told she'll be sent back to Washington and will take up a desk job until the matter is investigated. If O'Neill wishes to complete the SEAL program, she'll have to start over again. Furious at the false charges, O'Neill rings out of the SEAL program and drives back to Washington. She goes to the home she'd been sharing with Royce. Royce shows her evidence from DeHaven's office showing that the Senator had sent a memo to the Navy about the dangers of letting a woman complete SEAL training and that US citizens aren't ready for women to enter combat. O'Neill goes to a Senate committee hearing concerning the closing of military bases and confronts DeHaven openly. Accusing DeHaven of deliberately sinking her career for her own gain, DeHaven says she's actually amazed that O'Neill had gotten as far as she did in the training program and that her approval of O'Neill's enlistment was a publicity stunt. O'Neill threatens to take DeHaven's actions regarding military base closings to the news units just outside the hearing room and DeHaven promises to get O'Neill back into the SEAL program and does. O'Neill returns to her unit. The last phase of training is to be conducted somewhere in the Mediterranean Sea. While awaiting orders aboard a submarine, an emergency mission comes up and Urgayle's team is ordered to participate. A US satellite had come down in Libya and the US Army Ranger team sent in to retrieve it needs assistance in reaching their pickup point. The plutonium in the satellite is weapons grade according to O'Neill and could easily fall into enemy possession. After landing on the beach, O'Neill & Urgayle split from the rest of the team and reconnoiter a nearby Libyan camp. When a Libyan border patrol party shows up unexpectedly, O'Neill hides while being covered by Urgayle. They quickly determine that the Ranger team could be discovered. When one of the party gets too close to O'Neill's hiding spot, Urgayle shoots him, drawing the attention of the man's comrades. O'Neill and Urgayle retreat, O'Neill making it safely back to the beach. Surmising that the Chief wouldn't draw the Libyans back to the rallying point for both the satellite recovery unit and the SEAL team, she identifies another location that the Chief would more likely retreat to. The team sets up an ambush there with a minefield, and the Chief shows up. During a furious firefight, Urgayle is hit in the leg and O'Neill rushes into the minefield and drags the Chief out. The mines are detonated and the team escapes. On the beach, they receive assistance from a helicopter unit & are all loaded onto one of the choppers and lifted out. Back at the SEAL training facility, the successful graduates receive their pins for completing the training from Urgayle. O'Neill goes to empty her locker and finds a copy of DH Lawrence's poetry with a Navy Cross marking the page with the poem "Self Pity". She sees Urgayle, who gives her a glance, and then walks out of the locker room. The closing credits are preceded by Urgayle's speech to the candidates before they begin hell week. 
 Only the Brave (2017)431) Based on the true story of the Granite Mountain Hotshots, a group of elite firefighters who risk everything to protect a town from a historic wildfire. In 2007 Prescott, Arizona, Eric Marsh of the Prescott Fire Department is frustrated fighting forest fires when the Type 1 or "Hotshot" front line forest fire fighting crews from afar overrule his operational suggestions to his area's sorrow. To change that, Marsh gets approval from the Mayor to attempt to organize an unprecedented certified municipal-based Hotshot crew for Prescott. To that end, Marsh needs new recruits, which includes the young wastrel, Brendan McDonough, to undergo the rigorous training and qualification testing for the most dangerous of fire fighting duty. Along the way, the new team meets the challenge and the hailed Granite Mountain Hotshots are born. In doing so, all the men, especially McDonough, are changed as new experience and maturity is achieved in fire-forged camaraderie. All this is put to the test in 2013 with the notorious Yarnell Hill Fire that will demand efforts and sacrifices no one can ignore. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Knowing that his highly trained, Type-2 municipal fire-fighting team won't be the one in the front line if a fire threatens their town, the committed supervisor, Eric Marsh, pushes his crew to their limits. With determination, self-sacrifice, and the aid of Division Chief, Duane Steinbrink, Marsh's brotherhood of dedicated young men become the elite Granite Mountain Hotshots: a fully certified, Type-1 team of firefighters for the city of Prescott, Arizona. Before long, as the men yearn to prove their mettle, a bolt of dry lightning ignites a seemingly controllable wildfire near Yarnell, Arizona; but, Eric already knows that all fires are unpredictable. Now, a heroic group of nineteen selfless men rush in the mouth of the raging inferno, to protect the lives and homes that stand in the way of the rampaging, all-consuming flames, only to find themselves trapped in the heart of the exitless Yarnell Hill Fire. Will the world ever forget that fateful June of 2013? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie opens up with what feels like a dream sequence in a forest with a wild fire going. Out of the forest, we see the outline of a bear on fire running towards the camera. After the bear runs by it flashes to the house of Eric Marsh (Josh Brolin) who is the superintendent of the local wildfire crew in Prescott, Arizona. He's getting all his supplies ready after being called to join in on stopping a wildfire near Phoenix. Eric's wife Amanda (Jennifer Connelly) is already in the kitchen and reminds him of a fight they had last night, and he apologizes before heading to the fire. Eric's crew is a second level crew also called "deucers" which means they can't go to the front lines of a wildfire. The crew is shown digging a line and burning up vegetation in an area so that if the fire gets there, it won't have more dry vegetation to fuel the fire further. Eric is greeted by a "Hotshot" crew which he offers some strategy to, and they tell him to "do what duecers do best, which is nothing." The hotshot crew doesn't listen to Eric's advice and the small town they were trying to protect ends up in flames with everyone trying to escape. Eric calls his friend Duane (Jeff Bridges) who was a former fire chief to help them get certified as a Hotshot crew. They are trying to become the first municipal hotshot crew in the US as most are at a state or federal level. At this point, we're introduced to Brendan "Donut" McDonough (Miles Teller) who is sitting on the couch with his friend smoking what I believe is methamphetamine or crack or something out of a glass pipe. While he's high, he gets a text that a girl he used to date is pregnant. Brendan goes to the restaurant she works at, and she tells him that it is his baby. He appears still high and says he wants to help out and she says she doesn't want him to be a part of their lives. After finishing talking to her, Brendan sees a car stereo in a jeep and tries to steal it. The cops are right across the street and arrest him. He gets bailed out by his mother who when they get home tells him she doesn't want him at the house. Brendan goes to the wildfire crews house with his resume to apply. One of the guys there knows him from EMT class and knows he's a screw-up, so he tells Brendan to go away. But Eric the Superintendent asks him to come into his office to apply anyways. Brendan tells him that he has a record and that he's now been clean for three months. Eric tells him they're going to take a run in a few minutes and he should see if he can keep up. The crew starts running up a mountain and Brendan is trailing behind. At the top of the mountain, Eric gives an impassioned speech telling new applicants what they're getting into. Meanwhile, Brendan still hasn't made it up the mountain. Back at the station, Eric asks another firefighter if Brendan is dead on the hill somewhere. But Brendan finally comes out of the woods dead tired and shows picture proof he made it to the top of the mountain. They hire him then. Duane gets Eric and the crew an audition to become a hotshot crew, and while they're out fighting a fire, Eric decides to stop a fire that the auditor questions. They get into an argument, and Eric sticks to his guns, and it works. But he's worried he upset the auditor and might not pass their audition. But Duane informs them the next day that they did pass, and the crew all celebrates. They call themselves the Granite Mountain Hotshots. Next, there's a series of fighting fire scenes mixed in with Brendan taking groceries over to his baby mama's house for their baby. After a few times dropping groceries off, she lets him meet the baby, and he apologizes for being a dirt-bag. While the boys are out fighting a fire, Eric's wife Amanda is driving late at night and gets into a car wreck where her truck rolls over after she fell asleep at the wheel. The next morning Eric gets home to see the truck totaled and Amanda giving a horse care lesson to some clients. After the clients leave Eric gets upset at her and yells at her, and she yells back about him not being around enough. She says she wants to start a family and he said that their deal was no kids. During this conversation, we find out that Eric and Amanda are both recovering addicts and we realize that's part of why Eric took a chance on Brendan. The hotshots continue to stop fires and Brendan is becoming more involved with his daughter and decides to ask Eric one night at the bar if he wouldn't mind giving a recommendation so Brendan could work as a structure firefighter and be home more. Eric yells at him and reminds him nobody would ever give him a chance as he did. They argue, and Eric leaves mad. On the drive home, Eric is fighting with Amanda who tells him he's being mean to Brendan because of his own issues. Eric gets mad and gets out of the car and walks away from Amanda who screams that she's losing him to the fires and that she wants to start a family with him but he's obsessed with his work. Eric goes to Duane's house and tells him he's in a bad spot with Amanda. Eric returns home and tells Amanda "I'm Yours" and that he's going to be home more. The next morning they're called to a wildfire in Yarnell. Eric tells his assistant on the drive there that he's gonna quit being superintendent so he can be home more and start a family As the crew arrives at the Yarnell fire they realize it's a bigger fire than they thought. They go on the far side of the fire and start to do a burn, and the water plane drops water on their burn, screwing up their tactics. As the fire grows, Brendan is sent down by Eric to be their weather watch out. The rest of the team starts to dig another line while Brendan warns them that the fire is moving fast towards them. Brendan has to get away from his spot and is helped out by one of the other teams who drive him out of the dangers of the fire. Eric and his team walk around the back of the mountain. Brendan gets back to camp safely and can hear the Hotshots crew on the radio talk about how they're trying to get back. But the fire catches up to them too fast, and they're stuck in its path. The guys all begin to burn a circle and try and create an area with no brush around them, so when the fire comes, it won't pick up when it gets to them. They all deploy their safety covers and all lay down as the fire gets ready to sweep over them. As they're under their covers, Eric remembers the bear on fire running towards him. The fire sweeps over them. Brendan is listening on the radio and finds out that all 19 of his crew members are burned to death. They pan back to Eric's house where Amanda is in a barn and begins to scream after hearing the news. She and all the other wives and families gather at a Junior high school cafeteria waiting to get official news about the guys. They are told there's one survivor, but they don't know who. Brendan walks in the gym, and when the wives see him, they all start crying cause they know their husbands are dead. Brendan walks out, and Amanda chases him and tells him she's happy he survived, and he shouldn't feel guilty. The ending credits show all the pictures of the 19 who died, and we're told it was the largest single loss of firefighter life in the US since 9/11. 
 Without a Trace (20022009)Summaries Series about the special FBI Missing Persons Squad that finds missing people by applying advanced psychological profiling to reveal the victims lives. As any detective can tell you, investigating missing property or deaths is comparatively easy compared to elusive missing people. However in New York City, there is a special unit of the FBI that is designed to find them. Using the vast resources of their bureau, the team, lead by Agent Jack Malone, race against time in the tight 72 hour window after a disappearance while hope for a recovery is still typically possible. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Perfect Storm (2000)431) An unusually intense storm pattern catches some commercial fishermen unaware and puts them in mortal danger. In October 1991, a confluence of weather conditions combined to form a killer storm in the North Atlantic. Caught in the storm was the sword-fishing boat Andrea Gail. Magnificent foreshadowing and anticipation fill this true-life drama while minute details of the fishing boats, their gear and the weather are juxtaposed with the sea adventure. Erwin van Moll <max404@hotmail.com> Billy Tyne is a sword-fishing-boat captain out of Gloucester, highly competitive and stung by a string of poor outings. His crew is hardly back in port when he tells them he's going out again, even though it's October and the weather can turn ugly. Five join him: the young Bobby, newly in love; Murph, a devoted father recently divorced; Sully, a guy Murph despises; Bugsy, who's finally met a woman who likes him; and Alfred, a quiet Jamaican. They catch little, so they sail east, with Tyne ignoring storm warnings behind him. Finally, the fish bite, but the ice machine fails. Should they head home through the storm of the century, or wait it out and lose their catch? Fearful, the women wait. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In September 1991,the swordfishing boat,The Andrea Gail,returns to port in Gloucester,Massachusetts,with a poor catch. Desperate for money,Billy Tyne(The Captain),convinces the crew to join him for one more late season fishing expedition. They head out past their usual fishing grounds,leaving a developing thunderstorm,behind them. Initially unsuccessful,they head to the Flemish Cap,where their luck improves. At the height of their fishing the ice machine breaks;the only way to preserve their catch is to hurry back to shore. After debating whether to sail through the building storm or to wait it out,the crew decide to risk the storm. However,between the Andrea Gail and Gloucester is a confluence of 2 powerful weather fronts and a hurricane,which the crew of Andrea Gail underestimate. After repeated warnings from other ships,the Andrea Gail loses her antenna,forcing a fellow ship to call in a Mayday. An Air National Guard rescue helicopter responds,but after failing to perform a midair refuel,the helicopter crew ditch the aircraft before it crashes,and all but one of the crew members are rescued by a Coast Guard Vessel,The Tamaroa. The Andrea Gail endures various problems;with 40-foot/12 meter waves crashing on to the deck,a broken stabilizer ramming the side of the ship,and two men are thrown overboard. The crew decide to turn around to avoid further damage by the storm. After doing so,the vessel encounters an enormous rogue wave. After attempting and failing to ride over the wave,the stricken fishing vessel capsizes and sinks. Only Bobby Shatford,manages to get out of the boat;however,he has no chance of surviving. He is last seen all alone among the waves. Back at shore a memorial ceremony is carried out while friends and family worry and wait for a ship that never comes home. 