nm0010800:

 Flashpoint (20082012)Summaries The missions and trials of a Toronto police tactical unit. When the Strategic Response Unit arrives, the rules change. The bad guy's caught - he just doesn't know it yet. The SRU, inspired by Toronto's Emergency Task Force, is a handpicked team of elite cops. High risk is their business and these men and women do it all: rescue hostages, bust gangs, defuse bombs. Talk down suicidal teens. Protect the Pope. They handle state-of-the-art weapons - sniper rifles, flash-bang grenades, tasers. They climb the sides of buildings. See through walls. But they're different from other SWAT teams. Because their arsenal also includes a gift for words. A knowledge of human intuition. An instinct for when it's time to negotiate - and when the 'solution' calls for something more. On the scene, they're in charge. No one knows their job better. SRU Constables outrank senior Inspectors - and the Inspectors don't like it. Regular uniforms grumble when pushed aside by the SRU 'prima donnas.' While secretly wishing they were in their place. It's a tough job. A job that carries the kind of pressure only your teammates - your band of brothers - can really understand. It's a stress that shades all your choices and can take a heavy toll on families, friends, lovers... These people are A-types and risk-takers. On the job, they play by the rules, bend them if they have to. But off the job, all bets are off... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sue Thomas: F.B.Eye (20022005)Summaries Sue Thomas: F.B.Eye follows the adventures of Sue Thomas at the FBI in Washington, D.C. Based on a true story, Sue Thomas: F.B.Eye follows the adventures of Sue Thomas at the FBI in Washington, D.C. She's one hard-headed, soft-hearted woman whose talent for reading lips helps crack crimes and bag the bad guys in places listening devices can't penetrate. With her hearing-ear dog, Levi, Sue's a glutton for jeopardy - and there's (almost) nothing she won't do to bring notorious criminals to justice. This remarkable, edge-of-your-seat drama is an inspiring tribute to the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity and achieve great things. Joshua Brunken <lapras3000@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 In Too Deep (1999)55) Right out of police academy, Jeff/ Omar Epps starts as undercover cop in Cincinnati. First it's small time cases but he proves himself and moves up to a big case - befriending a brutal crime boss. Jeff Cole is a recent graduate of the Cincinnati police academy who dreams of working undercover. His wish is granted and through success is given the task of taking down state-wide crack dealer Dwayne Gittens aka "God". Gittens is known as a family man and a man of the people, contributing to his community and helping those in need. However, there is another side to him, a ruthless leader of a criminal empire who will torture or kill anyone without question. Over time, Cole develops a close friendship with Gittens. Cole's superiors worry that the line between cop and bad guy is getting blurred and that both identities are becoming one. Cole's loyalties are put to the ultimate test just as there is enough evidence to take Gittens down for good. Dalton M Drug lord Dwayne Gittens (LL Cool J) rules Cincinnati with an iron fist. No wonder he's known as "God" on the streets. Determined to break Gittens' stranglehold on the city is undercover cop Jeffrey Cole (Omar Epps). Supporting him in the difficult task ahead is his girlfriend (Nia Long) and his tough-as-nails commander (Stanley Tucci). But as Cole takes on an assumed identity to penetrate Gittens' criminal empire, he makes a disturbing discovery -- he kind of likes being a gangster. Mastuh OSCG 8845 Rookie officer Jeff Cole works his way up the ladder as an undercover officer. He goes undercover into a large drug empire run by a man who calls him self God. Acting as J. Reid, Cole works his way up the ranks and soon becomes close friends on the business and personal side with God. Cole's superior officer fears that he has gone too far in and may not be able to go back to his real self. Anonymous An undercover cop goes too deep into the Cincinnati drug trade. The local drug lord, a man who calls himself God, controls all of the action in Ohio. As the cop moves up the ladder, he befriends the gangster, learns of his violent tendencies, but also sees him as a benefactor to the poor, a dedicated family man, and one who staunchly defends his friends. The cop's commanding officer fears that he has become too close to the gangster and will be unable to regain his identity, a fear that comes close to reality when the big bust ultimately happens. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rookie Blue (20102015)Summaries Andy McNally and her friends are out of the academy and must adjust to the challenging life of a police officer at the 15th Division in Toronto. The stakes are high for five young cops fresh out of the Academy and ready for their first day with one of the most elite units in the city. Under the watchful guidance of their officers, Andy McNally and her four fellow rookies quickly learn that no amount of training could prepare them for this new world where every day is a first. Each case they tackle and choice they make will impact their lives, but it's their personal relationships that may play an even greater role in defining the cops they become. Official site It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 