nm0005367:

 Varsity Blues (1999)431) A back-up quarterback is chosen to lead a Texas football team to victory after the star quarterback is injured. In small-town Texas, high school football is a religion. The head coach is deified, as long as the team is winning and 17-year-old schoolboys carry the hopes of an entire community onto the gridiron every Friday night. In his 30th year as head coach, Bud Kilmer (Jon Voight) is trying to lead his West Canaan Coyotes to their 23rd division title. When star quarterback Lance Harbor (Paul Walker) suffers an injury, the Coyotes are forced to regroup under the questionable leadership of John Moxon (James Van Der Beek), a second-string quarterback with a slightly irreverent approach to the game. "Varsity Blues" explores our obsession with sports and how teenage athletes respond to the extraordinary pressures places on them. Steven Chea <schea@mail.utexas.edu> In the small town of West Canaan, Texas, high school football is a way of life but for Jonathan "Mox" Moxon (James Van Der Beek). He has just about enough of it. Pressured by his father to play since childhood, he has barely ever seen some football action being a second string quarterback. But after the star quarterback, Lance Harbor (Paul Walker), is seriously injured, Mox is brought in to finish the season and win Coach Bud Kilmer's (Jon Voight) district championship. He begins to realize the toughness and hardship of being a starter, but with tough things comes rewards and to his surprise he finds out that him being a starter brings more than he can handle, like popularity, women, etc. jaydasnay88 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jonathan "Mox" Moxon (James Van Der Beek) is an academically gifted backup quarterback for the West Canaan High School football team. Despite his relative popularity at school, easy friendships with other players, and smart and sassy girlfriend, Jules Harbor (Amy Smart), Mox is dissatisfied with his life. He wants to leave Texas to go to school at Brown University. He also dislikes his football-obsessed father (Thomas F. Duffy) and dreads playing football under legendary coach Bud Kilmer (Jon Voight). Kilmer is a verbally abusive control freak whose philosophy can be summed up as "win at all costs". He has a strong track record as coach, remarking in a speech that "in my thirty years of coaching football at West Caanan, I have brought two state titles, and 22 district championships!" Kilmer's philosophy finally takes its toll on Coyotes' quarterback, Lance Harbor (Paul Walker). It is revealed that Lance, who is Mox's best friend, had been manipulated into taking cortisone shots into an injured knee that finally gave out on a huge sack. Lance is rushed to the hospital, where doctors are appalled at the massive amount of scar tissue found under his knee. Mox, who has accompanied Lance to the hospital, is shocked when Kilmer tells the doctor that he knew nothing at all about Lance's knee problems, when in fact Kilmer ordered the trainer to inject the shots. In need of a new quarterback, Kilmer reluctantly names Mox to replace Lance as captain and starting quarterback. The move brings unexpected dividends for Mox, one of them being Darcy Sears (Ali Larter), Lance's beautiful blonde cheerleader girlfriend, who is interested in marrying a football player in order to escape small-town life. Darcy even goes so far as to attempt to seduce Moxon, sporting a bikini made of whipped cream over her otherwise naked body, but he rebuffs her as gently as he can. Becoming fed up with Kilmer and not feeling a strong need to win, Mox starts calling his own plays on the field without Kilmer's approval. He also finally tells his football obsessed father off at one point screaming at him "I don't want your life!" Mox's father had been a football player at West Caanan, and although Kilmer dismissed him as a "no talent pussy" he did say that he at least listened (unlike Mox). Kilmer, who becomes aware that Mox has won a full scholarship to Brown, warns Mox that if he doesn't fall in line, he will alter his transcripts in order to reverse the decision on his scholarship. Another friend of Mox's, Wendell Brown, is injured on the field shortly thereafter. Kilmer manipulates Wendell into taking a shot of cortisone to deaden the pain from his injury, allowing him to continue even in the face of a permanent injury. Wendell, who is desperate to be recruited by a good college, grants his consent. At this moment, Mox tells Kilmer he'll quit the team if the needle enters Wendell's knee. Undaunted, Kilmer orders Charlie Tweeder (Scott Caan), a friend of both Mox and Wendell, to take the snaps. Tweeder refuses. Mox tells Kilmer that the only way they'll return to the field is without him. Realizing that he will be forced to forfeit the game, Kilmer loses control and attacks Mox. The other players break up the fight and then refuse to take to the field. Knowing his loss of control has cost him his credibility, Kilmer tries in vain to rally support and spark the team's spirit into trusting him, but not one player follows him out of the locker room. Kilmer continues down the locker room hall, and seeing no one following him, turns the other direction and into his office. The team goes on to win the game without his guidance. In a voice-over epilogue, Mox states that he "never played football again. Lance went on to a successful coaching career (he did not work at Wal-Mart as feared by Darcy), Wendell received a scholarship to Grambling, Billy Bob cried because he's a bit of a crier, Tweeder drank beer because, well...Tweeder drinks beers. Kilmer retired, never to coach football again. However, his statue still stands only because it was too heavy to move. I took the scholarship and will graduate from Brown University." 
 Norbit (2007)761) A mild-mannered guy, who is married to a monstrous woman, meets the woman of his dreams, and schemes to find a way to be with her. Norbit is a normal person, who after being adopted by Mr. Wong, ends up being married to the very large, Rasputia. Norbit's childhood love, Kate Thomas arrives back in town to buy the orphanage. Norbit sees this as his chance to get back together with Kate, until he discovers that she is in fact engaged to Deion Hughes. Norbit isn't going to lay this to rest, whilst he tries to survive life with Rasputia, and it looks like Deion also has something he would like to keep secret. simon In 1967, the orphan Norbit was abandoned by his parents when he was a baby. He was raised by the owner of the orphanage Mr. Wong, and becomes a great friend of the also orphan Kate. When Kate is adopted, Norbit feels lonely but is protected by the fat and big Rasputia. They grow up, Rasputia becomes a monstrous woman and they get married. When Kate returns to her hometown decided to buy Mr. Wong's orphanage, Norbit recalls his good moments and falls in love for her. But Rasputia, her gangster brothers and Kate's fianc Deion Hughes have other intentions with the orphanage. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Mild mannered nice guy Norbit Rice is as normal as anyone else. But he has one problem: he is married to a monstrous slob named Rasputia who won't let Norbit out of her sight. Everything seems to be a massive nightmare for Norbit living with Rasputia until his childhood flame Kate returns into his life. Norbit sees this as his chance to get reacquainted with her. Unfortunately, Norbit finds that Kate is already engaged to the snotty Deion Hughes. Kate is planning to take over the orphanage from Norbit's father figure Mr Wong. But it seems that Rasputia, her nasty brothers, and Deion have their own plans for the orphanage. Blazer346 Perpetually down on his luck, the wimpy and meek orphanage-reared, Norbit Albert Rice, finds himself pushed into a loveless marriage with the aggressive plus-size terror, Rasputia, after his kind-hearted childhood soul mate, Kate, abandons him. However, now that Kate is back in town, poor Norbit must summon up the courage to confront his mountainous adversary to break away from her, even if it kills him. Will Rasputia and her thuggish three brothers let him, especially now that profit is involved? Nick Riganas Have you ever made a really big mistake? Nice guy Norbit Albert Rice definitely has, as he is currently trapped in a loveless marriage to an overweight, domineering shrew named Rasputia Latimore, who is accompanied by her older brothers Big Black Jack, Blue, and Earl. Together, the Latimores make everyday life difficult for Norbit and most of the other townsfolk, except for Hangten Wong, who owns the combination orphanage/Chinese restaurant The Golden Wonton, where Norbit was raised. When Norbit's childhood sweetheart Kate Thomas returns to town and re-enters his life, intending to buy the orphanage, he senses an opportunity to reconnect with her. Unfortunately, however, Kate's fianc Deion Hughes and the Latimores have other plans in mind. asbwtw Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Norbit (Eddie Murphy) was abandoned as a baby by being tossed from a moving car in front of the Chinese Golden Wonton Restaurant and Orphanage in Boiling Springs, Tennessee. Mr. Wong (Eddie Murphy), a kind and caring person, brought the baby into his orphanage. As children, Norbit met Kate (Thandie Newton), another orphan, and they became best of friends and were always together until Kate was adopted. Norbit was now alone until Rasputia (Eddie Murphy) rescues him from three school bullies on the school playground. The huge Rasputia makes Norbit her boyfriend. When they become adults, Norbit is intimidated into marrying the gigantic Rasputia, and they don't live happily ever after. Norbit was compelled to work for Raspitia's three brothers at the Latimore Construction Company. The whole town lives in fear of the three brothers and Raspitia. A new day comes for Norbit when Kate returns from Atlanta to buy the orphanage from Mr. Wong. However, the Larimores want to buy the orphanage and turn it into a strip club, "The Nipplopolis". Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Coach Carter (2005)321) Controversy surrounds high school basketball coach Ken Carter after he benches his entire team for breaking their academic contract with him. In 1999, Ken Carter accepts the job of basketball coach for his old high school in a poor area of Richmond, CA. As much dismayed by the poor attitudes of his players as well as their dismal play performance, Carter sets about to change both. He imposes a strict regime typified in written contracts that demand respectful behavior, a dress code and good grades for players. Any initial resistance is soon dispelled as the team under Carter's tutelage becomes a undefeated competitor. However, when the overconfident team's behavior begins to stray with too many doing poorly in class, Carter takes immediate action. To the outrage of the team, the school and the community, Carter cancels all team activities and locks the court until the team shows acceptable academic improvement. In the ensuing debate, Carter fights to keep his methods, determined to show the boys that they need good values for their futures and eventually finds he has affected them more profoundly than he ever expected. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Coach Ken Carter (Jackson) takes over the head coaching job for the Oilers basketball team at his old high school Richmond, having played on the team himself, earning unbeaten records. Carter quickly learns that the athletes are rude and disrespectful, and are in need of discipline. He hands the players individual contracts, instructing them to attend all of their classes, wear dress shirts and ties on game days, refer to everyone (players and coach alike) as "sir", and maintain a minimum 2.3 (C+) grade point average, among other requirements. He also teaches them to play a disciplined brand of basketball which includes an emphasis on fundamentals, execution, defense, and conditioning. Carter also asks the school staff for progress reports on the players' attendance. However, three players including Timo Cruz (Rick Gonzalez) refuse to follow the contract and quit the team. Carter's son Damien (Robert Andrew Richard) later decides to join the team, after quitting the private school St. Francis to play for his father. Teammate Kenyon Stone (Rob Brown) struggles to come to terms with his girlfriend Kyra (Ashanti) being pregnant; unsure if he can juggle basketball and aspire for college. Later, Cruz makes a valiant effort to rejoin the basketball team after watching them perform at a game in an inspiring victory and also after witnessing his only family member- who happens to be his cousin (a drug dealer)- shot one night in the streets, which Carter accepts. The team goes on to post an undefeated record eventually winning a seasonal basketball tournament. However, Carter later discovers the progress reports filled out by the faculty reveal some of the students have been skipping classes and floundering academically. Carter initiates a lockdown on the gym, banning the team from playing until they improve their grades. The act angers the locals, as Carter is criticized by parents and academic personnel alike. The school board eventually confronts Carter, who justifies his actions, explaining he wants to give his team the opportunity and option to learn good values, which is far more important for the students' futures than winning basketball games. Although the national media praises Carter for his commitment to this priority, the school board, aside from Principal Garrison (Dowse) and the chairman, vote to end the lockout, much to Carter's dismay. Just when Carter is about to quit in disgust (after promising to do so if they vote to end the lockout), he is shocked to find his players in the gym with desks and teachers studying and working to bring their grades back up. The athletes decide to fulfill Carter's original intention of pursuing academic achievement before continuing to play their next game, with one explaining that the school board can force an end to the lockout, but the players can't be forced to play. They work hard in the classroom, study after school during practice time, and eventually raise their grade point average to a point that fulfills their end of the contracts they signed. The Oilers eventually end up competing in the regional high school playoffs, but ultimately lose to St. Francis. Nonetheless, Carter is proud that the players accomplished their goal of attaining a proper education with athletics. The film's epilogue displays a series of graphics stating that a number of players went on to attend college furthering their study. 
 Sports Theater with Shaquille O'Neal (1996 )Summaries An anthology series focused on kids playing sports, dealing with issues in the games and sometimes in the outside world. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 