nm0004639:

 Law & Order: Special Victims Unit (1999 )541) This series follows the Special Victims Unit, a specially trained squad of detectives in the N.Y.P.D., who investigate sexually related crimes. In the criminal justice system, sexually based offenses are considered especially heinous. In New York City, the dedicated detectives who investigate these vicious felonies are members of an elite squad known as the Special Victims Unit. These are their stories. John Craig Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law and Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. This show delves into the dark side of the New York City underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit, investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes, while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own lives. Brian Barjenbruch Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based out of the New York City Police Department's 16th precinct in Manhattan, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit delves into the dark side of the New York underworld as the detectives of a new elite force, the Special Victims Unit (SVU for short), investigate and prosecute various sexually oriented crimes including rape, pedophilia, and domestic violence. They also investigate the abuses of children, the disabled and elderly victims of non-sexual crimes who may require special handling, all while trying to balance the effects of the investigation on their own personal lives. Its stories also touch on the political and societal issues associated with gender identity, sexual preferences, and equality rights. While the victim is often murdered, this is not always the case, and victims frequently play prominent roles in episodes. The unit also works with the Manhattan District Attorney's Office Sex Crimes Bureau as they prosecute cases and seek justice for SVU's victims and survivors with precision and a passion to win and bring closure to the intense investigations. The series often uses stories that are "ripped from the headlines" or based on real crimes. Such episodes take a real crime and fictionalize it by changing some details. Originally the show focused around the detective pairing of Elliot Stabler (played by Christopher Meloni ) and Olivia Benson (played by Mariska Hargitay ). Stabler is a seasoned veteran of the unit who has seen it all and tries his best to protect his family from the horrors he sees every day. His partner Benson's difficult past as the child of a rape victim is the reason she joined the unit. The series also focused on the secondary detective pairing of John Munch (played by Richard Belzer ) and Brian Cassidy (played by Dean Winters ). Munch is a veteran of the job as a transfer from Baltimore's homicide unit, who brings his acerbic wit, conspiracy theories, and street-honed investigative skills whilst Cassidy is new to the job is young but eager to learn from his fellow detectives. Both Benson/Stabler and Munch/Cassidy often received support from Detectives Monique Jeffries (played by Michelle Hurd ) and Ken Briscoe (played by Chris Orbach ). However, when Cassidy transferred to Narcotics after just thirteen episodes in, Jeffries was then partnered with Munch for the remainder of Season One and Briscoe was eventually phased out. At the beginning of season two, Munch was then permanently partnered with Detective Odafin "Fin" Tutuola (played by Ice-T ), whose unique yet sometimes vulgar sense of humor and investigative experience make him a formidable match for Munch. In Season 13, there were big cast changes happening with Stabler having retired in the aftermath of the Season 12 finale, until he reappears in season 22, leading him to join NYPD's Organized Crime Control Bureau. Detectives Nick Amaro and Amanda Rollins joined the team filling the void left by Stabler. Amaro brought empathy to his cases while dealing with stressful home life, while Rollins had dogged persistence and instincts to help her close cases, but also secrets that could derail her career. Season 16 was another period of change with the introduction of Dominick "Sonny" Carisi, Jr ( Peter Scanavino ) at the beginning and leaving of Amaro at the end. Carisi brought a fresh outlook and distinctive style of investigation to the squad and was training to be a lawyer. Following Carisi's move to the DA's office in season 21, Vice Officer Katriona "Kat" Tamin (played by Jamie Gray Hyder ) joined the team after assisting on several cases, eventually getting promoted to detective. At the start of season 23, Tamin and Garland both resign from the NYPD after becoming disillusioned with the system's failures and systematic bias within the department, with Tamin being replaced by Detective Joe Velasco (played by Octavio Pisano ). These detectives were supervised by veteran Captain Donald Cragen (played by Dann Florek ) who oversaw the team for seasons 1-15. Cragen's tough but supportive approach to the team's complex cases guides the squad through the challenges they face every day. During season 15, both Munch and Cragen retired from the NYPD, leaving Benson, after being promoted to Sergeant, to take control of the unit; she would later be promoted to Lieutenant at the start of season 17 and then Captain at the start of season 21. Also introduced in season 16 was Deputy Chief William Dodds (played by Peter Gallagher ), who served as commanding officer for the Special Victims Units in all five boroughs of New York. Dodds also departed the series at the start of the season, allowing new deputy chief Christian Garland (played by Demore Barnes ) to take his place. Dodds' son Mike (played by Andy Karl ) transferred into Special Victims as Sergeant in season 17, becoming Benson's second-in-command until his death at the end of the season; Fin later passes the Sergeant's exam during season 18 and is officially promoted in Mike's place in season 19. Also on the team's payroll is former FBI Special Agent Dr. George Huang (played by BD Wong ) and Medical Examiner Dr. Melinda Warner (played by Tamara Tunie ). From Season 4 Huang became the resident psychiatrist for the Special Victims Unit, Huang helps keep the officers sane in a field that could drive ordinary people mad. He has also served as the squad's resident criminal profiler, and his insights into the criminal mind have often helped the officers to crack the toughest perps, while Warner has become an integral part of the Manhattan Special Victims Unit, and her personal skills have contributed to the unit's high success rate in closing cases. Huang and Warner would both depart at the end of season 12 after being reassigned to Oklahoma City, but has returned for occasional guest appearances. The Special Victims Unit did not receive a full-time assistant district attorney until season two when Alexandra Cabot (played by Stephanie March ) was assigned to work with the detectives. After Cabot's departure in season five, she was replaced by Casey Novak (played Diane Neal ), who remained as the A.D.A. until the end of season nine. Kim Greylek (played by Michaela McManus ) became the permanent A.D.A. in the season ten premiere until Cabot made a return midway through that season when Greylek departed. Cabot remained the A.D.A. through the second half of season eleven. After Cabot's departure, the A.D.A. void was filled by Sonya Paxton (played by Christine Lahti ) and Jo Marlowe (played by Sharon Stone ) until the conclusion of season eleven. Gillian Hardwicke (played by Melissa Sagemiller ) served as the SVU ADA during season twelve. In season thirteen, both Cabot and Novak returned as ADAs. From the beginning of season fourteen, ADA Rafael Barba (played by Ral Esparza ) was SVU's prosecutor, until leaving halfway through season nineteen. Chicago Justice's Peter Stone (played by Philip Winchester ) became SVU's ADA after Chicago Justice (2017) was canceled after only one season. In the season 21 premiere, Carisi eventually became the SVU's ADA after finally passing the bar and becoming a lawyer. 
 Late Night with Conan O'Brien (19932009)Summaries Conan O'Brien , a Harvard Lampoon alumnus, hosts this late-night comedy/talk-show, which is often silly and whimsical. Stepping into the late-late slot vacated by David Letterman, Conan O'Brien stars in a show that far outdoes its competition in sheer strangeness. Along with the celebrity interviews and musical numbers typical of late-night talk shows, this program make frequent use of odd walk-on characters and frequent "visits" from celebrity guests. tennisluvchild7@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ford v Ferrari (2019)541) American car designer Carroll Shelby and driver Ken Miles battle corporate interference and the laws of physics to build a revolutionary race car for Ford in order to defeat Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1966. As Enzo Ferrari 's fast Rosso-Corsa racing cars dominate the mid-1960s motorsport world, the American car designer, Carroll Shelby , is forced to retire after winning the demanding 1959 '24 Hours of Le Mans' endurance race. But, before long, an unexpected proposition by the Vice President of Henry Ford 's motor company, Lee Iacocca , will offer an opportunity to beat the Italians at their own game. Now, under those pressing circumstances, the British sports car driver and racing engineer, Ken Miles , reluctantly agrees to lend a hand and improve the firm's image, as Ford's race team has less than ninety days to rewrite history. As a result, the non-conformist duo comes up with the mighty Ford GT40 Mk I high-performance racing car. Can Shelby and Miles break Ferrari's streak? Nick Riganas American automotive designer Carroll Shelby and British race car driver Ken Miles compete in a fierce corporate battle as well as nature itself,to build a vehicle for the Ford automobiles. Together, they plan to compete against the race cars of Enzo Ferrari at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in France in 1966. Jwelch5742 Ford Company has a big problem in selling its cars in the 1960s. They decide to take part in 24 Hours of Le Mans endurance race to show and advertise their cars. Ferrari's fast racing cars dominate the mid-60s racing world. Ford's advertisement team request Carrol Shelby to build fast cars for the race. Shelby asks British driver and racing engineer, Ken Miles to be the main driver for Ford's company in the race. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Carroll Shelby (Matt Damon) is a professional racer who is forced into early retirement due to a heart condition and goes into car sales. Warm and likable, he's a natural salesman and a people person. He is also an incredible vehicle designer and engineer. Meanwhile, Ken Miles (Christian Bale) is a racer currently working as a mechanic and running his own shop to support his wife Mollie (Caitriona Balfe) and son Peter (Noah Jupe). He tells it like it is and sometimes gets customers angry, but he doesn't sugarcoat anything. At a race, Ken is told his car does not meet regulations and begins angrily yelling at the race official - Carroll spots this and calms him down, but afterward, the two get into an argument, and Ken throws a wrench at him. Later, the IRS comes and shuts down Ken's garage, and he's forced to give up most of his racing in order to take care of his family. Meanwhile, at Ford Motors, Henry Ford II (Tracy Letts) is furious that sales are down and that his father's company is in danger. He begins taking pitches from his underlings - Lee Iacocca (Jon Bernthal) pitches him an idea - the sexiest cars are race cars, like Ferraris. He posits that if Ford can win the Le Mans, the 24-hour race, they will be at the top. In order to do that, they fly to Italy in order to offer the struggling Ferrari a deal - they will buy the company and let Enzo Ferrari (Remo Girone) maintain control of the racing division. Ferrari uses this offer to get Fiat to make a good offer, and they buy Ferrari. Ferrari tells the Ford businessmen to shove it and calls Henry a fat pig. When they get back, Henry makes them relay in detail what Ferrari said, and he becomes more determined than ever to beat Ferrari. He decides they will start their own racing division. Lee approaches Carroll, as the only American to ever win at Le Mans, if he would be the head of their racing team, designing and testing the cars. Carroll agrees - and goes to Ken, the best driver he knows, to take part. When Mollie sees Ken heading out with Carroll, she angrily demands to know the truth. He tells her that he's been offered great pay to race, and she's thrilled - she just doesn't want him to ever lie to her. The team begins getting the car into shape for their first big race, but as it approaches, Ford vice president Leo Bebee (Josh Lucas), approaches Carroll and tells them that Ken's rakish, unpredictable quality is not part of the Ford brand and he can't be trusted to do press and represent Ford well and that he can't be their driver. Carroll fights for Ken, but is eventually forced to tell Ken that he won't be racing - Ken is furious. When Ford loses the race, Carroll is able to convince Henry to allow him to rehire Ken. He goes to Ken's house and apologizes and asks him to come back, and the two end up getting into a physical fight on his front lawn. They finally give up, exhausted, and Mollie brings them some cold sodas. Ken rejoins the team, who are working day and night trying to perfect the car. Lee warns Carroll that Leo is determined to have Ken removed from the team, and intend on doing so on their next visit. Knowing this, when Henry and Leo arrive, Carroll locks Leo in his office and takes Henry out for a ride in the race car, and Henry experiences just how terrifying and exhilarating racing is. When they stop, he breaks down into sobs. Carroll offers him a deal - let Ken race at Daytona - if they win, he races at Le Mans in France. If they lose, Henry gets full control over Carroll's company. At Daytona, they find tough competition in a second Ford team that Ford had commissioned to see who engineered the best vehicle. Ken is able to win the race, securing their team the spot at Le Mans and ensuring Ken will drive there. In France, Le Mans approaches. Ferrari and Henry are both in attendance. When the race starts, Ken's door won't shut, slowing him down on the first lap. The car that they had designed was able to accelerate to really high speeds, but doing so burned out the brakes, so deep into the race, the pit crew changes out the brakes. The Italians at Ferrari are furious, saying this is a violation of the rules, but Carroll points out the rule-book says they are allowed to change parts, and it isn't specified which ones. Eventually, Ferrari's car spins out and crashes, leaving Ken in first place, and Mollie and Peter are able to watch on TV as Ken completes his much-desired "perfect" leg. Leo, who had been trying to bypass Carroll and mess with their strategy, goes to Henry and suggests that the best image for Ford would be to have all three of their cars cross the finish together. He agrees, and Leo gives Carroll the order, who refuses. Carroll tells Ken the instruction but tells him it's his race, and he will stand behind him no matter what. At first, Ken speeds to the victory, but he eventually relents and slows down, allowing the other drivers to catch up and cross the finish together. Everyone celebrates Ken's win until a technicality - he started behind another car - puts him into second, not first. Carroll is furious, but Ken accepts it, and the two go off together. Weeks later, while testing a new car design, the J-Car, Ken, who is not wearing safety gear while driving it, crashes and is killed. Carroll goes to his family's home and finds Peter, whom he gives the wrench that Ken threw at him. He gets into his car, and despite his condition, speeds off into the distance. The post-script tells us that Carroll's cars won the Le Mans four years and that Ken was inducted posthumously into the racing hall of fame. 
 Ray Donovan (20132020)Summaries Ray Donovan, a professional "fixer" for the rich and famous in Los Angeles, can make anyone's problems disappear except those created by his own family. Set in the sprawling mecca of the rich and famous, Ray Donovan does the dirty work for LA's top power players as the go-to guy who makes the problems of the city's celebrities, superstar athletes, and business moguls disappear. This powerful drama unfolds when his father is unexpectedly released from prison, setting off a chain of events that shakes the Donovan family to its core. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 