nm0001733:

 Knots Landing (19791993)Summaries The residents of Knots Landing, a coastal suburb of Los Angeles, deal with various issues such as infidelity, health scares, rape, murder, kidnapping, assassinations, drug smuggling, corporate intrigue and criminal investigations. A popular night time soap opera, it followed the adventures of five families living in a coastal suburb of Los Angeles in California: Gary and Valene Ewing, relatives of the popular Ewing clan of Dallas; Sid and Karen Fairgate, their all-American neighbors; the troubled Richard and Laura Avery; young newlyweds Kenny and Ginger Ward; and divorcee Abby Cunningham, Sid's scheming sister. Phil Fernando Knots Landing followed the lives of several families living in a coastal suburb of Los Angeles in California. Gary Ewing and his wife, Valene, arrive from Dallas to make a new start for themselves. They becomes friends with their neighbors, Sid and Karen Fairgate. Later, Sid's wicked sister, Abby Fairgate Cunningham, seduces Gary and Val divorces him. Gary later marries Abby, and even more shocking things happen when Val realizes she is pregnant with Gary's children! <causing_a_commotion@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Spy Hard (1996)Summaries Dick Steele, Agent WD-40 is assigned by his Director, to stop the evil General Rancor from destroying the world. WD-40 believed Rancor was dead and he teams up with the hot K.G.B. Agent Veronique Ukrinsky to find Rancor and save the world. General Rancor is threatening to destroy the world with a missile he is hiding at his secret base. But to complete his goal, he needs a special computer chip, invented by the scientist Prof. Ukrinsky. Special Agent Dick Steele is assigned to the case, in order to prevent the worst. He teams up with Ukrinsky's daughter Veronique, who happens to be a KGB agent. Thomas Meyer <i03a@zfn.uni-bremen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Desperate Housewives (20042012)Summaries Secrets and truths unfold through the lives of female friends in one suburban neighborhood, after the mysterious suicide of a neighbor. The "normal" suburban life for a group of close-knit housewives takes a dark turn when one of their closest friends mysteriously commits suicide. Now while trying to deal with their own hectic problems and romantic lives, each year brings on a new mystery and more dark and twisted events to come. Life behind closed doors is about to be revealed as suburban life takes a funny and dark turn. ahmetkozan Behind the facade of a postcard-perfect subdivision live four women whose lives are anything but idyllic. Klutzy Susan is divorced and the mother of teenage Julie. Lynette is married to Tom and the frazzled mother of four rambunctious children. Bree is the neighborhood's Martha Stewart, whose perfection masks major dysfunction. Ex-model Gabrielle, married to handsome and successful Carlos, wants to have her cake and eat it too. Looking down on it all is Mary Alice, who took her own life but comments on the lives of her former neighbors. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Code Name: The Cleaner (2007)321) An amnesiac wakes up in a hotel room next to a dead FBI agent and $250,000. Is the sexy lady in the lobby his wife? Is he a spy or a cleaner? Jake is a seemingly regular guy who has no idea who he is after being hit over the head by mysterious assailants; when he finds himself entangled in a government conspiracy, Jake and his pursuers become convinced that he is an undercover agent. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jake wakes up in a hotel room beside a dead FBI agent and a suitcase full of money. He does not remember anything, indicating that he is suffering from amnesia. As he runs from the hotel he is met by Diane, who tells Jake that she is his wife. Diane takes Jake to a big mansion and calls the doctor to check him. Diane and the doctor discuss how to bring back Jake's memory and the doctor suggests a sexual scenario. Jake overhears Diane and the doctor's conversation and runs away from the mansion in a Benz with the money. Jake goes back to the hotel in disguise and gets an envelope at the reception office which has a D.A.R.T card in it. During this course of the plot he keeps getting flash episodes of him dressed as a special ops guy and fighting bad guys. He is convinced that he is a spy and forgot about it. He now sits at a diner in front of D.A.R.T and meets Gina here. She tells him that Jake works as a janitor at D.A.R.T, which he does not believe. 