nm0007237:

 Goal II: Living the Dream (2007)Summaries When Newcastle United soccer star Santiago Muez (Kuno Becker) is offered a spot with Real Madrid, he accepts, but the move - accompanied by big money and fame - tests his ties and loyalties to family, friends, and business acquaintances. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blade II (2002)541) Blade forms an uneasy alliance with the vampire council in order to combat the Reapers, who are feeding on vampires. A rare mutation has occurred within the vampire community. The Reaper. A vampire so consumed with an insatiable bloodlust that they prey on vampires as well as humans, transforming victims who are unlucky enough to survive into Reapers themselves. Now their quickly expanding population threatens the existence of vampires, and soon there won't be enough humans in the world to satisfy their bloodlust. Blade, Whistler and an armory expert named Scud are curiously summoned by the Shadow Council. The council reluctantly admits that they are in a dire situation and they require Blade's assistance. Blade then tenuously enters into an alliance with The Bloodpack, an elite team of vampires trained in all modes of combat to defeat the Reaper threat. Blade's team and the Bloodpack are the only line of defense which can prevent the Reaper population from wiping out the vampire and human populations. Sean Daly After the events with Deacon Frost, Blade continues to destroy as many vampires as he can. A new breed of super-vampire has appeared, which becomes an even greater threat than any evil currently out there. A group of high powered vampires, led by Nyssa and Asad request help from Blade in order to take down Nomak. Can Blade work alongside the very things he vowed to destroy? Film_Fan Two blood-soaked years after Deacon Frost's nightmarish plan in Blade (1998) , the indestructible half-human/half-vampire hybrid, Blade, finds himself in the middle of an entirely different war. This time, both humankind and the vampire species are under attack, as a feral strain of insatiable blood-suckers named the Reapers feed on mortals and immortals alike. Under those dire circumstances, Blade reluctantly agrees to make an uneasy pact with his eternal adversaries, and lead an elite squad of vampire assassins against the mutual enemy. Can Blade avert the imminent advent of a horrifying new breed of undead predators? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NOTE: Sequel to Blade (1998). Prologue: At the Parizska Blood Bank in Prague, Czech Republic, Jared Nomak ( Luke Goss ) has come to donate blood. As he is being led into the donation room, he is informed that his blood is of a rare phenotype. Bad news for Jared; good news for the blood bank, the phlebotomist says and bares his vampire fangs. Jared laughs hysterically. Suddenly, his chin cracks open revealing a gaping maw with a barbed tongue. He pounces on the phlebotomist's neck, and blood flies everywhere. Two years have passed since Blade's mentor, Abraham Whistler, shot himself, after being brutally beaten and bitten by vampires. When Blade ( Wesley Snipes ) learned that the vampires were keeping Whistler alive, he followed their trail through Eastern Europe--first to Moscow, then to Romania, and now to the Czech Republic. When Blade discovers that the vampires are keeping Whistler in stasis in a halfway house, he breaks into the house and rescues him, after killing a number of vampires with silver stakes and bullets made of silver nitrate and garlic extract. One accelerated retrovirus detox shot later, and Whistler ( Kris Kristofferson ) is back among the living free from vampirism and his unrelated cancer sickness. Much has happened in the last two years. Blade has taken on a new assistant named Scud ( Norman Reedus ) who doesn't get along very well with Whistler, now that he's returned. The High Council of Vampires has created a group of six warriors, referred to as the Bloodpack, who are being trained to fight against Blade. However, a vampire virus called the Reaper Strain has mutated in Jared Nomak who passes the virus to everyone he bites. Since the Reaper virus makes carriers extremely voracious, Nomak (and each of his victims) need to feed daily, and they feed on both humans and vampires. The numbers of Reapers, noticeable because they resemble nosferatu with their bald, blue-veined heads and pointy ears, are increasing exponentially, and the vampires fear the Reapers will first wipe them out then start on humans. Soon... you do the math. Now that the Reapers are presenting an even bigger threat to the vampires than Blade ever did, Vampire Overlord Eli Damaskinos ( Thomas Kretschmann ) has sent a message to Blade, requesting a truce and asking him to join with the vampires and actually lead the Bloodpack against the Reapers. Blade agrees, but the Bloodpack--Lighthammer, Verlaine, Priest, Snowman, Chupa, and Reinhardt--are not happy being led by the Daywalker they were training to kill. To assure their cooperation, Blade plants a silver nitrate bomb, courtesy of Scud, on the back of Reinhardt's ( Ron Perlman ) head. Blade holds the detonator, and it is set to explode should anyone tamper with it. Accompanied by the vampires Asad ( Danny John-Jules ) and Nyssa ( Leonor Varela ), daughter of Overlord Damaskinos, Blade and his Bloodpack begin their search for Nomak by staking out places where vampires congregate, such as blood banks and safe houses, figuring these places will also be attractive to the Reapers. First on the list is the House of Pain, an old hotel converted into a safehouse sheltering some 200-300 "suckheads," all dancing and feeding. As the Bloodpack searches the building, Reapers begin emerging from the subbasement. About a half-hour before dawn, the Reapers attack. The Bloodpack manages to take out several Reapers with ultraviolet guns, but Nomak gets away, even after being injected with the anticoagulant EDTA, and a Reaper bites Priest, requiring that Priest be destroyed in the rising sun. Lighthammer also gets bitten, but he hides it. In this first battle with the Reapers, Blade learns that Reapers are impervious to silver, EDTA, and garlic, and they rapidly bounce back from almost any wound, including silver stakes thrust into their chests. How in the world can these creatures be stopped, and whose side should Blade be on anyway, considering that both Blade and Nomak are enemies of the vampires? Meanwhile, back at the High Council, Damaskinos' lawyer, Karel Kounen, has informed Damaskinos of Priest's death and warns the Overlord that he is playing a dangerous game, one that could result in his daughter's death. Damaskinos informs Kounen that his "friend inside" says that everything is going as planned. (Friend inside? Who could that be? One of the Bloodpack? Nyssa? Whistler?) Outside the House of Pain, Scud and Whistler, who have been working surveillance from the van and on the roof, have managed to capture a Reaper who was trying to escape down a manhole into the sewers but got stuck. For some odd reason, this Reaper is dying. Blade surmises that the Reaper's body, having gone several hours without feeding, is beginning to feed on itself. Since he is dying anyway, this provides Nyssa with an opportunity to perform an autopsy and learn more about the Reapers. She learns that the barbed tongue contains a nerve toxin to paralyze the victim while the Reaper feeds. Their hearts are encased in bone, making it virtually impossible to shove a stake through them. The only thing that seems to affect them is exposure to sun and to ultraviolet light. Unfortunately, these are also deadly to vampires, which is going to make it difficult for Blade to destroy the Reapers without harming his vampire allies. Scud spends the rest of the night working to build UV grenades out of phosphor rods. The next morning, meaning to use daytime, the only advantage they have over the Reapers, Blade, Whistler, Nyssa, Asam, and the Bloodpack, armed with UV guns, UV grenades, and large-scale UV bombs go down into the sewers. They split into three units. Whistler goes with Chupa and Reinhardt down the east tunnel. Lighthammer, Verlaine, and Snowman go in the opposite direction, and Blade goes with Asam and Nyssa. Unfortunately, treachery abounds. When Chupa and Reinhardt get Whistler alone, Chupa beats him up. We lose a partner and Blade loses one, Chupa threatens. Lighthammer completes his evolution into a Reaper and feasts on Snowman, then goes after Verlaine, who has no recourse other than to open a manhole cover, killing both herself and Lighthammer in the sunlight. Then the Reapers start arriving, crawling on the sewer floor, walls, and ceiling. Asam is attacked by a half dozen Reapers crawling underwater. Blade sets off a UV grenade, killing all the Reapers, but it is too late for Asam. Chupa falls prey to Reapers. Reinhardt is being followed by Reapers, so he sets a UV bomb, but the detonator sticks. Blade radios orders to everyone to regroup, but the only ones left standing are Nyssa, Reinhardt, and Blade, so Blade goes back to get the UV bomb that Reinhardt left behind. Only after Blade has found the bomb and is surrounded by dozens of hungry Reapers does Reinhardt radio Blade to inform him that the denotator doesn't work. Holding off Reapers with both hands, Blade kicks at the lever until it finally gives. Ten seconds later, UV light floods the tunnels. It fries the Reapers, but it also hits Nyssa and Reinhardt. Where is Whistler? Whistler has met up with Nomak who, instead of attacking him, has given Whistler a ring and told him to tell Blade the truth, which Nomak whispers in Whistler's ear. Meanwhile, Blade has caught up with Nyssa to find her severely burned by the UV bomb and badly in need of blood, so he cuts his wrist and makes her drink his blood. Suddenly, Blade is shot in the back with stunguns. Kounen and Reinhardt step in. Vampires from the Council round up Whistler, Nyssa, and Blade and deliver them to Damaskinos. When Nyssa regains consciousness, she is back in her father's study. She tells him how Blade saved her life and asks whether he is still alive. Oh, Blade's alive alright. He, Scud, and Whistler are being held in a chamber deep in Damaskinos' sanctuary. Just as Whistler begins to tell Nomak's "truth" to Blade--that the Reaper virus didn't evolve, it was genetically designed--Damaskinos, Nyssa, and Reinhardt enter the chamber. Damaskinos explains that he has been searching for a way to rid the vampires of their hereditary weaknesses by recombining DNA. As he talks, he shows Blade a cylinder filled with hundreds of small fetal vampires. Nomak was first, Damaskinos says, but Nomak was a failure in that he isn't immune to light. Soon, however, Damaskinos thinks he will have created a new pure race of daywalking vampires, immune to silver and sunlight. All he needs is to figure out why Blade is immune to light and then program that quality into his fetal vampires. Whistler tosses Nomak's ring at Damaskinos' feet. Nyssa recognizes it immediately as the Damaskinos family crest. Turns out that Nomak is Damaskinos' son, Nyssa's brother! She storms out, followed by her father. Reinhardt takes this chance to beat up on Blade, but Blade pulls out the detonator to the UV bomb on the back of Reinhardt's head. He presses the detonator button, but nothing happens. Scud laughs. I designed the bomb to be a dud, Scud explains as Reinhardt pulls it off his head and tosses it to Scud. Scud then tells Blade how he's been Damaskinos' familiar all along. What do you think of that, Scud asks Blade. "Two things", says Blade. "One, I've known about you all along and, two, the bomb isn't a dud." Blade then presses a second button. "Goodbye Scud". Blade is then repeatedly stun-gunned and taken to an operating room where Kounen drives spikes through Blade's body in order to secure him. Kounen explains that he is going to harvest Blade's blood and body parts in order to search for the key to what makes him a Daywalker. However, Whistler manages to get out of his handcuffs, knock out Reinhardt, and escape through the floor ducts to the operating room. He shoots Kounen, and releases Blade. Blade is drained of blood and severely weakened, so Whistler carries him into a bloodbath where Blade quickly regenerates. The first thing Blade does after leaving the bloodbath is to take out two or three dozen guards. Next, he slices Reinhardt in half from head to toe. Then he's off to find Damaskinos while Whistler destroys the fetal vampires. Meanwhile, Nyssa is having it out with her father. She feels totally betrayed because Damaskinos sent her and her Bloodpack out, expecting them to die. He used both of his children, her and Nomak, for his own purposes, and he used Blade, too. Blade, her supposed enemy, saved her life. As she debates where her loyalties lie, Nomak has succeeded in invading the inner sanctum where Nyssa has sealed herself and Damaskinos. Damaskinos attempts to apologize to his son for all that has befallen him, but Nomak bites his father's neck anyway. As Damaskinos lay dying on the floor, his bluish-green blood spilling out, Nyssa takes off her family ring and tosses it in her father's blood. Nyssa then offers herself to Nomak who dives into her neck, too. Enter Blade. A drawn out fight ensues between Blade and Nomak until Blade manages to thrust his sword through Nomak's side, the one place where his heart is unprotected by bone. Nomak seems almost happy and, in fact, thrusts the blade in further, and his body disintegrates. Poor Nyssa has been bitten and can already feel her body changing into that of a Reaper. "I want to die while I'm still a vampire", she tells Blade. "I want to see the sun". Blade carries her outside. Together, they watch the sunrise before Nyssa burns up in Blade's arms. In the end Blade disposes of Rush, the vampire he had left alive in the beginning of the movie, at the vampires' half-way house. 
 Ruby & Quentin (2003)Summaries A tough criminal is arrested after hiding the loot from a Paris armored truck robbery. A talkative dimwit befriends him in prison and escapes with him - chased by police and his evil crime boss. After hiding his loot and getting thrown in jail, Ruby, a brooding outlaw, encounters Quentin, a dim-witted and garrulous giant who befriends him. After Quentin botches Runy's solo escape attempt, they make a break together. Unable to shake the clumsy Quentin, Ruby is forced to take him along as he pursues his former partners in crime to avenge the death of the woman he loved and get to the money before they do. johnno.r[at]xtra.co.nz It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Odd Thomas (2013)431) In a California desert town, a short-order cook with clairvoyant abilities encounters a mysterious man with a link to dark, threatening forces. Small-town fry cook Odd Thomas ( Anton Yelchin ) is an ordinary guy with a paranormal secret: he sees dead people, everywhere. When a creepy stranger shows-up with an entourage of ghostly bodachs - predators who feed on pain and portend mass destruction - Odd knows that his town is in serious trouble. Teaming up with his sweetheart Stormy ( Addison Timlin ) and the local sheriff ( Willem Dafoe ), Odd plunges into an epic battle of good vs evil to try to stop a disaster of apocalyptic proportions. Based on the best-selling thriller by Dean Koontz. PR In Pico Mundo, a small town near the desert, fast-food cook Odd Thomas has the ability to see and talk to dead people. He is in love with his girlfriend Stormy Llewellyn and they believe that they are destined to be together forever. Odd Thomas uses his abilities to help Chief of Police Wyatt Porter solve murders, but when Odd sees the creepy Fungus Bob Robertson, he is sure that the town is in danger and threatened by the possibility of massive destruction. His further investigation with Stormy discloses that Fungus Bob worships the Prince of Darkness and is plotting to kill many people in Pico Mundo. Will Odd Thomas and Stormy succeed in avoiding the bloodshed? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Odd Thomas (Anton Yelchin) is a young man who lives in a small town in southern California called Pico Mundo. His morning of August 14 begins with him coming out of his apartment, and meeting the ghost of a teenage girl named Penny Kallisto (Ashley Sommers), who silently leads him to a street, where Harlo Landerson (Matthew Daniel Page) rolls his SS Chevelle convertible beside Odd and says 'hello'. Odd immediately pulls the keys out of the ignition and accuses Harlo of raping and murdering Penny, noting two pieces of white felt from the victim that Harlo apparently has in his pocket. Harlo flees on foot and Odd gives chase, with the chase culminating inside a child's room in a stranger's house. Harlo and Odd have a fistfight and Odd knocks Harlo unconscious. Odd waits on the scene as the police arrive and arrest Harlo for Penny's murder. Odd then meets with his friend, police chief Wyatt Porter (William Dafoe), who knows somewhat of Odd's psychic gifts of seeing the dead and promises to spin the story to keep public attention away from Odd, as Odd does not want that attention. In his voice-over narration, he says, "I see dead people, but then, by God, I do something about it". All of the ghosts that Odd interacts with never speak, but they need his help because they are restless spirits who have died traumatically and violently before their time and need his help to help settle unresolved issues before most of them leave this plane of existence for the afterlife. After the police leave the scene, Penny's ghost sits beside Odd, smiles, walks away into a mist into the afterlife and disappears. In further voice-over, Odd explains that his mother also had the "gift" of seeing the dead, but her visions made her more hysterical as she tried to confide in her husband, Odd's father, about seeing ghosts which resulted in her being committed to a mental hospital for the rest of her life. From then on, Odd struggles to keep his gift about seeing the dead a secret from nearly everyone. On his way home, Odd encounters a group of faceless people wearing red and black bowling shirts who cry out to him to save them. As the vision progresses, a faceless gunman shoots them all, including Odd. He wakes up disturbed and heads to his job as a short-order cook, where he ends up serving lunch to a strange man (Shuler Hensley) with a haircut that resembles some kind of mold. But more disturbing is his entourage of dozens of bodachs, a horde of invisible (except to Odd) creatures that feed on evil and carnage. After his shift, Odd speaks to Viola Peabody (Guga Mbatha-Raw), who works at the diner with him. She recounts a strange dream in which she saw herself shot dead with another man. Odd asks what the man was wearing, and Viola describes the red and black bowling shirts from Odd's vision. Odd uses his psychic magnetism to find the disturbing man from the diner, leading him to the mall where Stormy works at an ice cream shop. He then borrows Stormy's scooter to follow Fungus Man home, breaking into the house after he leaves. Odd finds an ashtray with several brands of cigarette butts in it, revealing that Fungus Man has friends. He also learns that the man's real name is Bob Robertson, leading to his and Stormy's referring to him as "Fungus Bob." Odd finds files containing clippings about various mass murderers, arranged by name. In Robertson's file, he only finds a blank calendar page for August 15, leading Odd to realize that something bad will happen within the next day. One of Bob's friends returns to the house, scaring Odd off, though Odd does not get a look at him. Odd reports on Robertson to Chief Wyatt Porter, who asks his new deputies, Varner and Eckles, to put a watch on Fungus Bob. Odd then meets Stormy for dinner in the belfry of St. Barthlomew's Church, but when Odd sees Fungus Bob approaching, they flee to the sacristy and subsequently escape the church only to hear Robertson destroying the sacristy. Stormy calls Chief Porter, who finds the church trashed but with no physical evidence to link it to Robertson. Psychic magnetism then leads Odd and Stormy to Green Moon Bowling, where Odd realizes that the black and red uniforms originate there. Chief Porter sends Officer Simon Varner (Nico Tortorella) to keep an eye on the place on Odd's advice. Varner asks Odd about Bob Robertson and is surprised to learn that Odd had encountered him only a few hours ago. As he presses Odd for more information, Stormy intervenes and asks Varner about his tattoo, which reads "POD." He explains that it is a remnant of a former wasted youth and represents a crude obscenity he won't repeat. Odd and Stormy then visit Viola to get more details on her dream. She describes the events in vague detail, including descriptions of crowd noise, old-fashioned music, and rushing water. Viola then realizes that she and the man in the red and black shirts were not the only victims of the shooting, but rather a large group of people. Odd goes to check on Vi's daughters and discovers bodachs hovering over them. He instructs Viola to leave town, telling no one of her itinerary. Driving home, Stormy is overcome with fear for Odd's safety. He pulls over to comfort her, only to hear a woman screaming. He runs to her aid, only to find that she's been mauled to death by dogs he had seen earlier at Robertson's home. At the scene, a man had apparently tried to rescue her by shooting the dogs, but was too late to save her. The dead woman is Lysette, who was being fixed up with officer Eckles by Chief Porter and his wife Karla. Odd and Stormy return to her apartment and Odd notices a van watching the building. Realizing that Stormy will be safe, Odd sneaks out and returns to his apartment only to find a gun on his floor and the dead body (gunshot to the chest) of Fungus Bob in his bathtub. He realizes someone is attempting to frame him for murder, and that if he reports anything to the police, Chief Porter would be forced to arrest him, preventing him from intervening in the next day's disaster. Odd notices that Fungus Bob is cold and stiff, indicating he's been dead for quite some time and deduces that the encounter at the church was with the dead man's restless spirit. Wrapping the body in sheets, Odd then takes the dead man to an abandoned restaurant/prison/church and leaves him in the empty gas chamber. As he drives back through town, he notices hundreds of bodachs swarming, indicating the scale of the coming events. Meanwhile, Chief Porter is shot in the chest at his home. Odd rushes to the hospital, where he discovers that a gift he had given the Chief, a steel medallion made by Ozzie (Patton Oswalt), has saved his life, though his condition is still serious. Odd attempts to persuade Stormy to not go to work, but she insists on going. Odd then returns to Fungus Bob's home and finds evidence for the purchase of a moving van and improvised explosives, as well as websites for Satanism. He also encounters the angry lingering spirit of Robertson, who goes into poltergeist mode, destroying the house as Odd escapes. Fearing he's missed an important detail, Odd is drawn to investigate the bullet wound in Fungus Bob's chest, where he finds a tattoo reading "POD." He makes the connection to Officer Varner and realizes that POD is an initial-ism for "Prince of Darkness." Odd realizes that his discovery of Robertson had led to his co-conspirators eliminating him. Odd's psychic magnetism then draws him to the loading dock at the mall, where he grabs a baseball bat just in time to disable Eckles with a blow to the face, though only after he had killed the members of mall security. Odd notices that Eckles has his police uniform on under his tactical gear, showing how he had planned to escape. Odd takes Eckles's pistol and seeks out Varner, only to hear screams from the end of the mall where Stormy works. He hurries to confront the gunman and is able to kill him with the pistol. He fears for Stormy's safety but sees her emerge from behind the counter at the ice cream shop, only to then realize the trouble isn't over when the lingering spirit of Lysette appears and directs him back to the loading dock. Odd removes the gunman's mask and recognizes the man as the one who had killed the dogs earlier and who had initially frightened him off from Robertson's house. Realizing Varner is still on the loose, Odd rushes to the loading dock where he discovers a moving van packed with explosives. The plan had been to herd people to that end of the mall and then detonate the explosives, killing hundreds. As he investigates the bombs, Odd is shot by Officer Varner but manages to start the van and drive it away from the mall. Varner clings to the outside of the van and attempts to kill Odd, who jumps from the van in time for it to crash into a drainage ditch and detonate spectacularly. Odd wakes in the hospital to find Stormy attending him. Viola and Karla come in to greet him and inform him that Chief Porter has pulled through. Odd is a local hero and retreats to Stormy's apartment, apparently enjoying spending uninterrupted time with her for an extended period. Chief Porter, his wife, and Viola finally come and snap him out of his delusion, whereupon he learns that Stormy is in fact dead and he has been spending time with her lingering spirit. He breaks down, and Porter, realizing that Stormy is staying in this world only for Odd, admonishes him to let her go. Odd bids her a tearful farewell, promising her that they'll be reunited one day. In the final scene, Odd then sets off for Las Vegas, where he realizes he has a lot of work to do before he can be worthy of going on to the next life with Stormy. 