nm0000349:

 The Perks of Being a Wallflower (2012)651) An introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors who welcome him to the real world. Based on the novel written by Stephen Chbosky, this is about 15-year-old Charlie (Logan Lerman), an endearing and naive outsider, coping with first love (Emma Watson), the suicide of his best friend, and his own mental illness while struggling to find a group of people with whom he belongs. The introvert freshman is taken under the wings of two seniors, Sam and Patrick, who welcome him to the real world. Anonymous Charlie is a shy teenager without friends that has just joined the high-school. He misses his best friend, who had committed suicide, and he writes letters to an imaginary friend telling his feelings. Further, Charlie has a mental illness problem in his past. Soon Charlie befriends the veterans Patrick, who is gay, and his stepsister Sam and they become best friends. Charlie wants to be a writer and he also becomes the favorite student of his teacher of literature, Mr. Anderson, who lends him books. Sam and Patrick introduce Charlie to their friends and Charlie falls in love with Sam, but he does not have self-confidence to date her. Charlie discovers a new world and feels happy with his friends, and he dates their common friend Mary Elizabeth. But when they end their relationship, Patrick asks Charlie to stay away from them for a while and soon he triggers his mental illness again. He goes to the hospital where a doctor finally discloses the origin of his problem. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil As a freshmen in High School, Charlie, portrayed by Logan Lerman, struggles with bullies, depression, bad influences and girls. Based on the book written by Stephan Chbosky, the Perks of Being a Wallflower thrives as a film. While Charlie wants to survive high school, he forces himself to participate in school functions, to prevent himself from falling back into his depression. The not-so-typical teenager finds himself being taken under the wing by a few seniors, and has never been so excited to have friends again. Finally being happy, Charlie experiments with drugs, sex and the party scene, but underlying problems from the past cause Charlie to spiral out of control. Charlie was bullied and largely friendless in middle school for being a shy bookworm, the same which he vows not to happen as he enters his freshman year in high school, although he will have to navigate those hallways on his own, as who was his only true friend, Michael, committed suicide just before the summer. Charlie's year does not start well as the only person whom he seems to connect with is his Advanced English teacher, Mr. Anderson, who can see that Charlie is the one person in the class who truly does enjoy literature for literature's sake and not just as a means to a good grade. However, Charlie is eventually befriended by some seniors, step-brother and sister Patrick and Sam, and their small group of friends, Mary Elizabeth, Alice and Bob who all consider themselves misfits. Even with this accepting group, Charlie admits he still doesn't know how to act around people, a misstep which could threaten those friendships. If a misstep is to occur, it probably would concern his growing attraction for Sam, who is dating a college student named Craig. All Charlie does know is that his blackouts, letters he writes to his "friend", and specific flashbacks - his conscious and subconscious coping mechanisms - have lessened the more he has spent time with these friends. But he may not be able to escape fully his past, specifically issues about who he considered the person he loved most in the world before meeting Sam, namely his now deceased Aunt Helen. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Charlie (Logan Lerman) writing a letter to an anonymous pen pal, discussing his upcoming first day in high school. On his first day, he is harassed by classmates but befriends his English teacher, Mr. Anderson (Paul Rudd). Charlie attends a school football game alone and notices the flamboyant Patrick (Ezra Miller), who is the only senior in his freshman shop class. Patrick asks Charlie to sit with him. They are joined by Patrick's stepsister Sam (Emma Watson), and Charlie immediately notices her beauty. Upon arriving home, he witnesses Candace's boyfriend hitting her, something Charlie is especially sensitive about as his Aunt Helen (Melanie Lynskey) was also abused. Candace persuades him not to tell their parents. Charlie dances with Sam and Patrick at homecoming and goes to a party with them afterwards. There, he meets their other friends, Bob, Mary Elizabeth, and Alice. He also sees Sam with her boyfriend Craig, which makes him jealous. He eats a pot brownie, and the group is amused by his observations. While in the kitchen, Charlie tells Sam that his best friend Michael shot himself last May. He then goes upstairs to the bathroom, leaving Sam shocked. Upstairs, Charlie sees Patrick and Brad (Johnny Simmons), the school's star football player, kissing. Patrick tells Charlie that Brad doesn't want anyone to know about their relationship (as his father would disapprove) and asks him to keep it a secret. Still high, Charlie agrees. Later, Sam whispers to Patrick about what Charlie has gone through and they welcome him in their group of friends. While driving him home, Sam hears a song from the radio - David Bowie's Heroes - and demands that Patrick drive through a tunnel. She stands up in the back of the pickup truck and sways like she's dancing. Again, Charlie is stunned by her beauty. As Christmas draws closer, Charlie helps Sam to study for her SATs and their friends participate in a Secret Santa gift exchange. On the last night of the exchange, Sam takes Charlie into her room and shows him her gift for him, a typewriter. The two start talking about first kisses. Charlie says that he has never kissed a girl, and Sam reveals that her first kiss was from her father's boss, who was molesting her. She tells Charlie that she wants his first kiss to be with somebody who loves him, and the two kiss. Charlie's Birthday(which is on Christmas Eve) arrives, and he remembers his Aunt Helen, who died on the same night in a car accident after getting him a present. Later, at a New Year's Eve party, he takes LSD and has more flashbacks to the night his aunt died. He is eventually found passed out in the snow by the police. Charlie attends the Sadie Hawkins dance with Mary Elizabeth. Afterwards, they go to her house and make out. She then declares that he is her boyfriend. He has no interest in her but continues the relationship because he doesn't know how to break up with her. While playing truth or dare at a party, Patrick dares Charlie to kiss the prettiest girl in the room, and he kisses Sam rather than Mary Elizabeth. Both girls are enraged, and Patrick tells Charlie to stay away until things cool down. Weeks pass and his friends are still ignoring him. In addition, his flashbacks to the night his aunt died are getting worse. Bob tells Charlie that Brad's father caught him and Patrick kissing. Brad comes to school with a bruise on his face but claims he was jumped in a parking lot. Patrick and Brad fight in the cafeteria after Brad calls him a "faggot." Brad's friends then begin to beat up Patrick, until Charlie intervenes. Afterwards, he reconciles with his friends. Patrick is upset after breaking up with Brad and he and Charlie become closer. One night, Patrick kisses Charlie to no reaction, then breaks down because of his unhappiness. Sam breaks up with Craig after finding out he has been cheating on her. Graduation nears and Sam is accepted to Penn State. After her going away party, Charlie helps her pack. Sam then asks Charlie why he never asked her out. After several heartfelt confessions, they begin to kiss, but Charlie pulls away when Sam touches his inner thigh. She asks him what's wrong, but he tells her that nothing's wrong and continues to kiss her. The next day, Charlie is unnerved as he watches Sam leave for school. When he arrives at his empty home, he begins to have a breakdown, flashing back to the memory of his Aunt Helen touching his thigh. He calls Candace and tells her it's his fault their aunt died, and that maybe he wanted her to die. Candace tells her friends to dispatch police on their house. Before Charlie can hurt himself, the police arrives and he blacks out. He wakes up in the hospital. His physician, Dr. Burton (Joan Cusack) explains to Charlie's parents (Dylan McDermott and Kate Walsh) that his Aunt Helen was sexually abusing him, and that Charlie repressed the memory because he blamed himself for her death. After Charlie is discharged from the hospital a few weeks later, Sam and Patrick visit him and take him to their favorite restaurant. They once again drive into the tunnel, and Sam tells Charlie that she finally found the song that was playing the last time they were there. Charlie climbs into the back of the truck and reminisces about life as whole. He kisses Sam, stands up and screams as they exit the tunnel. 
 In & Out (1997)431) A midwestern teacher questions his sexuality after a former student makes a comment about him at the Academy Awards. All of Greenleaf, Indiana is watching this year's telecast of the Oscars as Hollywood heartthrob and local boy made good Cameron Drake has been nominated for his first ever Best Actor Oscar for his latest movie role as a gay soldier. Cameron's high school English teacher Howard Brackett is overjoyed when Cameron wins the award and mentions Howard's contribution in his acting life. That joy turns to horror when Cameron mentions to the worldwide audience that Howard is gay, especially horrific to Howard as he is engaged to fellow teacher Emily Montgomery, a woman with self-esteem issues as she had battled weight issues most of her life before she lost seventy-five pounds for the wedding. Howard's life is totally disrupted as Hollywood media descends on Greenleaf in order to get Howard's story. The rest of Greenleaf also openly wonders if Howard is indeed gay, as he exhibits many stereotypical gay tendencies, such as being neat, and loving music, dancing, poetry and Barbra Streisand . His cause is not helped in that his and Emily's relationship has not yet been consummated. The one person not concerned is Emily, who trusts Howard. As Howard continues to deny being gay to his family, friends and colleagues, he begins to examine himself hypercritically if only because if others believe he's gay, there may be some merit to the claim, as well as because of an incident that occurs with Hollywood reporter Peter Malloy, who is doing a week-long piece on Howard leading up to his and Emily's wedding. But Cameron Drake may be able to provide some overall perspective to what is happening to Howard and the frenzy he has caused. Huggo Howard Brackett is a high school teacher in a small town in Indiana with everything going for him; a nice job, an attractive fianc named Emily and respect from everyone. Everything changes in one night when a former high school student of his, named Cameron Drake, now a famous actor living in Hollywood, makes an acceptance speech after receiving an Academy Award for his portrayal of a homosexual army soldier and 'outs' Howard Brackett as his inspiration for his role. The media circus immediately begins as Howard desperately tries keep his life from falling apart by protesting that he is not gay and that the whole thing with Cameron's speech is a simple misunderstanding. While most of the townspeople want to believe Howard, Peter Malloy, an openly gay TV reporter who arrives in town to cover the story, suspects that the teacher is in denial. Matt Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Howard Brackett (Kevin Kline) is a well-liked English literature teacher, living a quiet life in Greenleaf, Indiana, with his fiance and fellow teacher Emily Montgomery (Joan Cusack). The town is filled with anticipation over the nomination of Cameron Drake (Matt Dillon), Brackett's former student, in the Best Actor category at the Academy Awards for his portrayal of a gay soldier in the war film 'To Serve and Protect'. Cameron does indeed win the Best Actor award, and in his acceptance speech, thanks Howard for his inspiration by adding: "and he's gay!" Howard's parents (Debbie Reynolds and Wilford Brimley), his cousins (Gregory Jbara, Kate McGregor-Stewart, Alice Drummond, Selma Blair), and friends (Debra Monk, Ernie Sabella, Joseph Maher, William Duell), fellow students (Shawn Hatosy, Zak Orth, Lauren Ambrose, Alexandra Holden), plus co-workers (Lewis J. Stadlen, Deborah Rush, Kevin Chamberlin), and fiance are naturally shocked, but that is nothing compared to Howard's own reaction of disbelief and indignation, and he angrily tries to reassure those who know him that he is a heterosexual. The very next day reporters from all over the country invade his hometown, harassing him for interviews following the awards night telecast, and Howard is placed under the scrutiny of his boss, Principal Halliwell (Bob Newhart), who is uncomfortable with the attention being brought to the school. Although the other reporters leave over the next few days after getting their story when Howard tells them that he is not gay and the whole thing with Cameron's speach is a simple misunderstanding, one reporter stays behind. He is the openly gay Peter Malloy (Tom Selleck), who wants to wait the week out so he can cover Howard's wedding to Emily. Howard continues to be harassed and dismayed by the changed attitudes of everyone around him, and decides that he must sleep with Emily in order to prove his heterosexuality. Howard tries, but cannot go through with it all the way due to his conflicting emotions and Emily's concern for his well-being. Howard crosses paths with Peter, who tries to provide a helpful ear and narrates his own experience in coming out to his family. Peter thinks that Howard is in denial of his sexual orientation and wants him to be honest with not only himself, but everyone. Howard still insists that he is not gay, prompting Peter to kiss him. Although shocked, Howard reacts somewhat positively to the kiss, vindicating Peter's instinct all along on the matter. Peter tells Howard that if he still wants to get married (to a woman) Peter will not stop him, but he also tells Howard that he is hiding the true fact of who he is. Howard's final measure to restore his heterosexuality is the use of a self-help audio cassette, although that fails as well. During the wedding ceremony, Emily recites her vow without hesitation, but when Howard is prompted by the minister, he instead says, "I'm gay." The wedding is off, and although Peter is proud of Howard, Howard is angry with himself for hurting Emily. Things take a turn for the worse when he is fired from the school because of his outing. Despite being fired, Howard attends the graduation ceremony to support his students. When one student (Shawn Hatosy) who got into college with Howard's hard work, learns that he was dismissed for being gay, he and his classmates proclaim themselves, one by one, to be gay as well, to show their support of Howard and to thumb their noses at the school board. Howard's family follows suit, as do his friends, and all the townsfolk assembled. Having learned of the ensuing media blitz while in Los Angeles, Cameron Drake flies to his hometown, with his supermodel girlfriend (Shalom Harlow), to support his former teacher and although Howard doesn't win 'Teacher Of The Year', Cameron presents him with his Oscar as a gift. The film ends with Howard's wedding-crazy mother finally getting a wedding - her own, when she and her husband decide to renew their vows. Howard, Peter and the rest of the townsfolk attend the reception, and among the crowd are Emily and Cameron Drake, who appear to have begun a relationship. The film ends with everyone dancing to the Village People's song "Macho Man". 
 Grosse Pointe Blank (1997)541) Martin Blank is a professional assassin. He is sent on a mission to a small Detroit suburb, Grosse Pointe, and, by coincidence, his ten-year high school reunion party is taking place there at the same time. Martin Blank is a freelance hitman who starts to develop a conscience, which causes him to muff a couple of routine assignments. On the advice of his secretary and his psychiatrist, he attends his 10th year High School reunion in Grosse Pointe, Michigan (a Detroit suburb where he's also contracted to kill someone). Hot on his tail are a couple of over-enthusiastic federal agents, another assassin who wants to kill him, and Grocer, an assassin who wants him to join an "Assassin's Union." Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Martin Blank is a contract hit man. After being in the business for five years, he is getting disillusioned with it, imposing himself on a therapist, Dr. Oatman, who is reluctant to help him through his issues because of his business. Part of his disillusionment is because of the changing nature of the business, as witnessed by one of his fellow hit men, Grocer, wanting to form a cartel of sorts despite the inherent non-trust with each of the other hit men. Because of one of his contracts not having gone down quite according to plan, Martin is forced to take a job in Detroit for the same client pro bono. Marcella, who handles the administrative aspects of Martin's business, encourages him to attend his ten year high school reunion in Grosse Pointe in suburban Detroit while he's there anyway. Martin left Grosse Pointe the day of the graduation prom never having returned. In the process, he stood up his prom date and serious girlfriend at the time, Debi Newberry. While in Detroit/Grosse Pointe, Martin wants to forget about his hit man life and focus most specifically with reconnecting with Debi, who now works as a local radio host. Making it up to Debi may not be as easy as Martin wants, despite both still being attracted to each other. But getting away from his hit man life may not be that easy either as Grocer has tipped off the NSA to Martin's job, the two agents, Steven Lardner and Kenneth McCullers, who plan to take him in when they catch him in the process of the hit, but who contemplate taking him out themselves. In addition, Martin learns the hard way that someone else has taken a contract out on him. Martin's life becomes even more complicated when he learns who his contracted hit is. Huggo Martin Blank and is a hitman with some emotional problems. He goes to a shrink who doesn't want him, and has had recurring dreams about his long lost love for 10 years since he stood her up on Prom night. When Blank gets an invitation to his School reunion he is originally dead against the idea, but when he is hired for a job in his home town he is forced to return home, and to face some old truths. Herm Holland Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a man on the phone with his assistant, discussing the transfer of funds for specialized ammunition, while he prepares a high-powered rifle with a suppressor and a scope. The man is Martin Q Blank (John Cusack), who works freelance as a professional, highly-paid assassin. As he tracks a bike messenger riding quickly down a Los Angeles street, his assistant, Marcella (Joan Cusack) reads him an invitation to his 10 year high school reunion, which is taking place shortly in Grosse Pointe, a suburb of Detroit and Martin's home town. Martin shoots the bike messenger just before the man can shoot and kill another man coming out of the hotel across the street. Chaos erupts as the target's bodyguards open fire. While they check on their boss, a doorman suddenly appears and kills the bodyguards and the target and disappears into the hotel. Martin recognizes the other assassin as Grocer (Dan Aykroyd), one of his chief rivals. Martin finds himself depressed and irritable, dissatisfied with his work and the increasing competition from rival assassins, including Grocer, whom meets with Martin and tries to coax him into a small assassins guild he's forming with several other individuals in their field. Martin is resistant, saying he prefers to work alone and Grocer leaves in a huff. Following a botched contract where Martin shoots the man instead of making it look like a natural death, Martin stops by his office where Marcella tells him his employers for the botched job want him to make amends. She also tells him the job just happens to be in Grosse Pointe and that he can attend his reunion and do the job over a weekend. Initially reluctant to attend, Martin is also talked into it by both his (understandably nervous) therapist (Alan Arkin), who tries to drop Martin as a client because Martin kept his preferred line of work a secret for several appointments. Martin is also nervous about seeing his old girlfriend, Debi Newberry (Minnie Driver), whom he abandoned on prom night 10 years before when he enlisted in the Army. Upon arriving in Grosse Pointe Martin seeks out Debi, now a radio DJ and is playing an all-1980s music weekend in honor of the reunion. Martin's subsequent visit to his family only heightens his depression; his childhood home has been demolished and replaced with an UltiMart convenience store, his mother lives in a nursing home and suffers from severe dementia and his father is dead (Martin's tribute to his father is to pour an entire bottle of whiskey on his grave and leave the empty bottle behind). Martin visits Debi at the radio station where she works and their conversation doesn't go very well; while still on the air, she toys with his guilt over leaving her 10 years ago without a trace and entertains calls from listeners who support her anger with Martin. However, there seems to be a glimmer of hope for rekindling their romance. Reconnecting with friends like Paul (Jeremy Piven) is likewise depressing, as many have integrated themselves with the local community through mundane establishment jobs. When asked about his livelihood, Martin readily reveals that he is a professional killer, a response taken as a joke by everyone he meets. Meanwhile Martin is being stalked by rival hitmen, including Grocer and Felix LaPubelle (Benny Urquidez), a Basque terrorist hired to kill him, as well as two awkward National Security Agency agents (Hank Azaria and K. Todd Freeman), briefed by Grocer, waiting for him to do his "job" so they can kill him as an enemy of the state. Despite these dangers, Martin remains distracted by his desire to make amends and procrastinates, not even bothering to glance at the background dossier on the prospective target. When Martin returns to the UltiMart, he is immediately attacked by LaPubelle and the two exchange gunfire, destroying the store. Martin and the clerk working there are nearly killed by a bomb planted by LaPubelle. Martin later meets with Grocer for breakfast at a small caf. Martin reaffirms his refusal to join Grocer's assassins' union, much to Grocer's disappointment. Martin also visits Debi at her apartment attached to her father's house and is able to convince her to be his date for the reunion. At the reunion, Martin mingles with his former classmates, one of whom hands him her adorable toddler. Martin stares into the child's face and experiences an existential transformation, recognizing that his recent dissatisfaction with his work and his amends with Debi signify an opportunity to change his life. He and Debi fade from the party and go to the school's health office and have sex on one of the gurneys. Debi returns to the party while Martin checks out his old school locker. Suddenly, LaPubelle appears and the two engage in a furious hand-to-hand battle. Martin finally kills him in self-defense, using a pen he'd gotten from a fellow classmate. Debi stumbles upon the scene and, horrified to find that Martin was not joking after all, flees the reunion. Paul follows only moments later to find Martin, who corrals him into helping to dispose of LaPubelle's body in the school furnace. Debi later confronts Martin in his hotel room, where he reveals that psychological testing in the Army revealed "a certain moral flexibility" that made him suitable for a CIA-sponsored "mechanical operations program." After leaving the CIA, he went into business for himself. His rationalizations for his work only horrify Debi even more; she rejects his attempts at reconciliation, and storms out. Martin, concluding that it is futile to attempt to change his life, fires his psychiatrist over the phone and finally opens the dossier containing the details of the contract that brought him to Grosse Pointe: he is startled to find that the target is Bart Newberry (Mitchell Ryan), Debi's father, who is scheduled to testify against Martin's client. Grocer decides to stop waiting for Martin to kill Bart and attempts the job himself, to impress Martin's client and boost his own business. Out of loyalty to Debi, and his "newfound respect for life", Martin abandons the contract and rescues Bart from certain death, speeding him to the Newberry house and holing up inside, narrowly ahead of Grocer and his team of mercenaries. During Grocer's raid on the house, Martin kills several of them, hiding Debi and her father in the bathroom. Martin finally reveals that he stood Debi up on prom night to enlist in the Army to channel his strong homicidal urges away from his family and friends. Martin gradually kills the remaining mercenaries, the NSA agents (with Grocer's gleeful help) and Grocer himself, moments before proposing marriage to Debi, to which her father enthusiastically offers his blessing. Debi, shell-shocked from the day's events, doesn't respond. Hours later she and Martin speed out of Grosse Pointe together. 
 Working Girl (1988)431) When a secretary's idea is stolen by her boss, she seizes an opportunity to steal it back by pretending she has her boss' job. Tess McGill is a frustrated secretary, struggling to forge ahead in the world of big business in New York. She gets her chance when her boss breaks her leg on a skiing holiday. McGill takes advantage of her absence to push ahead with her career. She teams up with investment broker Jack Trainer to work on a big deal. The situation is complicated after the return of her boss. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Tess McGill is a hard working young woman who is determined to reach the top of the stockmarket world by hard work but as she turns 30 she is stuck in secretarial work so when she starts working for Katherine Parker she is glad that Katherine is willing to accept input and ideas from her. However when Katherine goes on holiday and breaks her leg she asks Tess to look after things and this causes Tess to discover that Katherine is going to pinch her big idea that would save a large company from a a foreign takeover. Enraged that her boyfriend is also cheating on her, Tess sets out to do a deal by using her idea herself while Katherine is away. She teams up with Jack Trainer to close the deal before Katherine's return and the two slowly fall in love little knowing that Jack is Katherine's boyfriend... Lee Horton <Leeh@tcp.co.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tess McGill ( Melanie Griffith ) is a 30-year-old secretary at Petty Marsh, a Manhattan financial conglomerate. An ambitious hard worker, Tess's goal is to move out of the secretarial pool and into an executive position, but she faces numerous obstacles. Because her business degree was not acquired at a prestigious school, she cannot gain entry to her firm's training program for recent college graduates. She also attends speech classes to sophisticate her speaking voice. She confides in her best friend and co-worker Cynthia ( Joan Cusack ) on their daily ferry commute. Tess's supervisor, David Lutz ( Oliver Platt ), is aware that Tess is seeking to advance her career, and provides her with the phone number of his colleague Bob Speck ( Kevin Spacey ). Tess is disgusted to find that Speck is a lascivious and debauched cokehead who promptly tries to seduce her in his limousine, forcing her to flee the car. Furious with Lutz, Tess returns to the office and humiliates him by writing an insulting message to him on the office stock-ticker. Following this incident, Tess is reassigned to a new financial division for Petty Marsh. She becomes the secretary for the company's new mergers executive, Katharine Parker ( Sigourney Weaver ). Tess is mildly nervous but ultimately pleased to be working for a woman for the first time, and is surprised to learn that Katharine is slightly younger than her as well. Katharine welcomes Tess with apparent warmth, promising a supportive, communicative relationship, and encouraging her to come forward with any ideas. Tess happily describes her new boss to her live-in boyfriend, Mick ( Alec Baldwin ), and expresses enthusiasm about finally having a potential mentor to help develop her career. Mick remains largely uninterested in Tess's work ambitions, but Tess is not discouraged. She continues to observe Katharine's style and mannerisms, admiring her poise and fearless navigation of the male-dominated business community. Petty Marsh acquires a new client, Trask Industries, which has expressed interest in investing in television to acquire a media foothold. Intrigued, Tess does some research and concludes that Trask would benefit more from an initial investment in radio, due to reduced competition. She presents this idea to Katharine, who receives it with an indulgent smile and promises to pass it along. Soon afterward, she informs Tess that the notion was shot down, as Trask is dead-set on investing in TV. Katharine is preparing for a skiing vacation in Europe, and reveals to Tess that she expects her boyfriend Jack Trainer ( Harrison Ford ), a fellow executive, to propose marriage during the trip. In the meantime, Katharine gives Tess an inspiring pep talk, encouraging her not to wait for what she wants to fall into her lap, but to make it happen herself. Jack Trainer makes a last-minute excuse to Katharine and backs out of the skiing trip, but Katharine senses no lost interest on his part. While enjoying the vacation on her own, she breaks her leg on the slopes and calls Tess from the hospital with a flurry of instructions. Tess agrees to inform other executives that Katharine will be out of commission for a few weeks, to keep up with work communication, and to check up on Katharine's Manhattan townhouse. Tess is fascinated with Katharine's luxurious lifestyle, and explores Katharine's impressive closets, gadgets, and workout equipment. Having discovered a handheld tape recorder containing Katharine's personal voice memos, Tess learns that Katharine had, in fact, seen Tess's suggestion about Trask as valuable, and that it had clearly not been dismissed as Katharine had claimed. Katharine's home computer reveals a message to Jack Trainer, passing off Tess's idea as her own and suggesting they move forward with it. Tess is angry and hurt by the betrayal, and returns to her apartment, where she discovers Mick in bed with Doreen DiMucci ( Elizabeth Whitcraft ), a mutual friend. Disgusted, and ignoring Mick's contrived apologies, Tess storms out. With no other options, Tess takes up temporary residence at Katharine's house, informing only Cynthia of this information. Catalyzed by the pain of both betrayals, and taking to heart Katharine's ironic advice of "making it happen" for herself, Tess resolves to jump-start her career while she has Katharine's advantages at her disposal. Using Katharine's name, she sets up a meeting with executives from Dewey Stone and Company, a radio organization where Jack Trainer is employed, to discuss a possible merger deal with Trask. Tess finds Katharine's invitation to a party hosted by Dewey Stone, and plans to attend the party herself in order to introduce herself to Jack the night before the meeting. She has Cynthia give her a more sophisticated hairstyle, but panics when she realizes the dress she borrowed from Katharine's wardrobe is worth six thousand dollars. Cynthia obtains a bottle of Valium from Katharine's medicine cabinet, and Tess accepts one to calm her nerves. Tess arrives at the party, and realizes she has no idea what Jack Trainer looks like, or how to find him. Sitting at the bar to collect her thoughts, Jack Trainer himself notices her and invites her to share in a few rounds of tequila. She asks if he can point her toward Jack Trainer, but he slyly conceals his identity, and the two flirt and drink until Tess feels the combination of alcohol and Valium taking effect. She prepares to leave, asking Jack to bring her coat out to her while she hails a cab. When Jack arrives outside with her coat, he finds Tess nearly unconscious in the back of a taxi, unable to give directions to the driver. Jack takes her to his apartment, carries her upstairs, carefully removes her expensive dress, puts her to bed, and falls asleep himself. Tess wakes up in her underwear, with a stranger asleep beside her. Mortified, and assuming the encounter had turned sexual while she was intoxicated, she quickly dresses and slips out of the apartment before Jack awakens. Later that day, Tess is shocked when she attends the Dewey Stone meeting and finds herself face to face with the stranger from the previous night. They both keep their composure, and Tess introduces herself as a Petty Marsh executive rather than a secretary. Jack and his colleagues are intrigued by Tess's proposal, and agree to present it within their company and let her know if it can proceed. Tess returns to Katharine's office, bemoaning to Cynthia that she had made a fool of herself the previous night. Cynthia expresses concerns about the stressful toll Tess is enduring from her double life. To their great surprise, Jack arrives on the floor, asking to see Tess. Cynthia, posing as Tess's secretary, shows Jack in, and leaves them to talk in private. Tess demands to know what happened after the party, and Jack assures her that nothing sexual occurred, and that Dewey Stone is game to move forward with the Trask deal. He invites her to dinner to celebrate the merger, but Tess, despite a developing mutual attraction, declines. With her deal underway, Tess continues assuming the persona of an executive with Jack and his colleagues while assuring Katharine over the phone that everything is running as normal. Tess embraces her new role in the business world, but is faced with seeing Mick again when they both attend Cynthia's engagement party. They catch up, with Mick congratulating her on her professional success, but when Mick is pressured by other party goers (who are unaware of his infidelity) to propose to Tess on the spot, Tess coyly gives a non-committal answer. Mick angrily confronts her afterward, accusing her of embarrassing him and of having skewed priorities. Realizing that Mick had never genuinely supported her or valued her goals, Tess finally lets their relationship end for good. Tess and Jack plan to speak with Trask's CEO, Oren Trask ( Philip Bosco ), to pitch their merger to him directly. They manage to crash his daughter's wedding reception, and secure an appointment to discuss it further. The meeting goes well, and Tess and Jack, elated by their success, give into their attraction at last. After a night together, Jack receives a phone call from Katharine while Tess is in bed beside him. He admits to Tess that he had been seeing a woman for some time, but the relationship had deteriorated for him, and he has been struggling to find the right time to end it. Tess does not reveal her connection with Katharine, nor that she is merely a secretary. Katharine calls Tess with the news that she is finally being released from the hospital, and will be returning to Manhattan. Tess scrambles to tidy Katharine's house, and to prepare for the finalization of the Trask deal, which is scheduled for the same day that Katharine comes home. Tess manages to keep up with everything, and rushes to the roof of the Petty Marsh building where Katharine arrives by helicopter. She escorts Katharine home, and begins to worry about arriving to her meeting on time, as Katharine is attempting to saddle her with numerous errands and tasks. Katharine has arranged for Jack to visit her at home that afternoon, still convinced that he will propose to her. She has Tess help her change into lingerie, completely unaware that Tess and Jack are now in a relationship. While Tess runs out to pick up a prescription for Katharine, Jack arrives at the house, making rushed and awkward conversation with Katharine, who remains oblivious to his discomfort. Still too nervous to end the relationship outright, Jack joins her in a glass of champagne and quickly departs after she attempts to seduce him. Tess returns soon afterward, finding a disappointed Katharine moping in bed. Tess gives Katharine her prescription and hurries off to her meeting, but in her haste leaves her appointment book behind. Katharine reads through it, discovers that Tess has been meeting with Jack for both business and pleasure, and furiously pursues Tess to the Trask office. Tess meets Jack at the Trask boardroom, and the meeting begins. Oren Trask is happy with the merger, but before the deal is finalized, Katharine bursts through the door on crutches and exposes Tess as a mere secretary. Tess does not deny this, but attempts to defend herself against Katharine's accusations that Tess had stolen the idea for the merger. Realizing the other executives are being taken in by Katharine's manipulations, Tess tearfully gives up and excuses herself from the boardroom. Jack is shocked and upset, but Katharine wastes no time in continuing the deal herself. Soon afterward Tess attends Cynthia's wedding as the Maid of Honor. She again speaks to Mick, who is now openly in a relationship with Doreen. They wish each other well, and part amicably. With her best friend away on a honeymoon, her boss furious with her, and her budding relationship with Jack abruptly halted, Tess returns alone to Petty Marsh to clean out her desk, bidding farewell to her fellow secretaries. As Tess makes what she assumes is her last walk through the lobby, she encounters Jack, Katharine, Oren Trask, and several executives on their way to continue the deal. Tess confronts Katharine, no longer holding back her fury, and refuses to be cowed by Katharine's lies and dishonesty. Katharine presents herself as a victim of Tess's manipulation, while Tess assures Jack that, while she had lied about her job title, everything about their romance had been genuine. Oren Trask is still not convinced of Tess's story, but Jack asserts that Tess put the deal together, and that she should be heading the meeting. The group heads to Katharine's floor, with Jack, Tess, and Trask in a separate elevator. On the ride up, Tess explains the origins of her initial idea about the merger, and outlines the potential obstacles she had prepared for, as well as a number of thoughtful details that finally prove to Trask that Tess has true talent for business, and that the merger was indeed her brainchild. Approaching Katharine in front of her office, Trask asks her to explain the inspiration behind the deal she had allegedly constructed. Katharine is unable to provide a satisfactory answer, and though she attempts to stall, Trask takes great delight in dismissing her on the spot. After Katharine angrily stalks off, Trask compliments Tess on her gumption, and offers her an entry-level job at Trask Industries, which she happily accepts. By the time her new job starts, Tess is living with Jack. He packs her a lunch for her first day, and sends her off with pride and encouragement. Tess arrives at work, and sits at the secretary's desk outside the appointed office. The woman in the office, who had been using the telephone, introduces herself as Alice Baxter ( Amy Aquino ), and apologizes for using the office phone. Tess is confused until Alice clarifies that the office belongs to Tess, and that she, Alice, is her secretary. As Alice begins to review Tess's schedule, Tess begins to process the reality of her new job. She insists that Alice treat her as a colleague rather than a superior, and they start off on a positive note. Once she is alone in her office, taking in the view of the city from her window, she calls Cynthia and shares the news. Cynthia, receiving the call in the middle of the secretary pool at Petty Marsh, enthusiastically relays the news to her colleagues, who are delighted to hear that Tess has achieved her dream career at last. 