nm0007301:

 Palletoori Pilla (1950)321) A slap from a village girl turns a loyal soldier into a rebel. At the command of tyrannical Kampanna Dora, Chief Jayanth raids many villages in the region to loot them of their stock, wealth and food. One day the later is slapped by Shanta and is asked to leave her people alone. This incident changes Jayanth's outlook and he decides to quit and re-locates to live in the very same village. He meets with hostility but gains some sympathy after he rescues Shanta from a bull as well as befriends feisty Vasanth. He then uses his time to train the villagers to defend themselves and both Shanta and he fall in love - little knowing that Shanta's father and Vasanth's mother have already committed to get their children married. Soon animosity will break out between Jayanth and Vasanth, while an enraged Kampanna, determined to teach Jayanth a lesson, prepares to raid the village. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shanta (Anjali Devi) a beautiful village girl, grows up along her cousin Vasanth (Akkineni Nageswara Rao). Vasanth loves her from childhood without her knowledge. In the nearby territory, there lives a dangerous dacoit Kampanna Dora (A. V. Subba Rao) who frequently raids and loots the villages. Once in their attack, Shanta slaps Kampanna's main associate Jayanth (N. T. Rama Rao) and argues convincingly regarding their lifestyle & livelihood. The incident makes Jayanth reform, decides to leave the realm when a rift arises between Jayanth & Kampanna and he is imprisoned. But Jayanth absconds with the help of Tata (S. V. Ranga Rao) a casuist in their squad and reaches Shanta's village. At that juncture, he shields Vasanth & Shanta against an onslaught bull when the villagers embrace and give him shelter. Thereafter, Jayanth aegis & develops self-defense skills in them when Shanta starts loving him. Knowing it, enraged Vasanth tries to knock out Jayanth, but after learning the real intention of Shanta, he couples up them. Right now, Kampanna traipses to destroy the village by slaughtering Tata when he is crushed by the villagers. Time passes, Shanta gives birth to a baby boy, presently, they celebrate a folk festival when Kampanna ploys and captures Jayanth. At that point in time, Shanta denounces Vasanth when affronted Vasanth affirms to safeguard Jayanth and proceeds towards Kampanna's fort. Meanwhile, anxious Shanta also moves in search of her husband when the baby too caught by Kampanna's men. At last, Vasanth protects Jayanth & baby by sacrificing his life and also gives pardon to Kampanna which makes him repent. Finally, the movie ends, it is shown that Vasanth's soul blessing the villagers. 
 Chenchu Lakshmi (I) (1958)Summaries Vishnu's wife Mahalakshmi's parents are reborn as tribal people in a tribe called Chenchu as they are cursed by a sage. There they give birth to a beautiful girl named Chenchitha. Vishu after killing Hiranyakasipu wanders in that forest and sees Chenchitha and changes himself as a handsome young man Narahari. Then both Narahari and Chenchitha loves each other and Narada plays a vital role in their reunion. Samrudh David It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sarangadhara (I) (1957)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sri Kalahastiswara Mahatyam (1954)Summaries Follows the story of Arjuna after he is reborn as Kannappa and attains salvation. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 