nm0007580:

 Contra viento y marea (1997)Summaries For Daniela Borges, true love was lost almost twenty years ago, when a violent tragedy separated her from Sebastian Leon. She has now been married for 18 years to a rich businessman, and they have a teenage daughter. But fate is about to give Daniela the most difficult test she'll ever have to face: Sebastian's unexpected return. It all began when Daniela and Sebastian were 16 years old. The minute they met, they knew they were meant for each other and came to share the kind of passion neither one would ever feel again. But Daniela's father, Don Ramon, had other plans for his daughter: marrying her to Aquiles Millan, a businessman with a brilliant future. Daniela and Sebastian suffered through Don Roman's stern opposition, which was fueled in great part by his wife, Dona Jose, a possessive, commanding woman... Then, one fatal night, Sebastian decided to face Don Roman and let him know once and for all that he would never leave Daniela. Suddenly, a shot was heard in the study where they were arguing. When Daniela, her mother and her sister rushed in, they found Don Roman dead in the floor, with Sebastian standing over him. The consequences of that moment were devastating: Sebastian was sentenced to 20 years in prison, and Daniela was left to live with the horror of thinking he was responsible for her father's murder. After the tragedy, Daniela gave in to her mother's wishes and soon married Aquiles Millan. However, the marriage has never been a happy one - she is not in love with Aquiles, who turned out to be an insensitive womanizer. For the past 18 years, Daniela has been going through the motions, trying to forget the past. But even now, she is still overcome with a mixture of love and hate for Sebastian... even though she believes he was killed a long time ago during a prison revolt. Daniela's life will be dramatically altered by Sebastian's reappearance. He has done his time and is now back to fulfill his obsession: proving his innocence, getting revenge on the real killer, and winning Daniela back. The last part of his plan will be the hardest - because on the road to recovering her love he'll be confronted with strong adversaries, among them Virginia Lugo, a dangerously twisted psychologist who is in love with him... Doa Jose ... Aquiles, and Daniela herself, who is torn between what her heart tells her and her commitments as a wife and mother. A ghost from the past rekindles the flame of an irrepressible passion... Will this love be stronger than reason? Sometimes, the past shows up when we least expect it... Marie D. <mariedo@otenet.gr> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Entre tu amor y mi amor (2016 )Summaries A young woman from the countryside moves to the city to seek justice against the woman who swindled her parents and had them killed when she was a baby. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 La soberana (2001 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Angelica pecado (2000 )1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Del vila family which owns the Hotel Villa Del vila and a mansion is divided into two camps: those who want to sell the hotel for the value of the land and those who oppose it. When Don Diego Del Avila is going to announce his successor in the hotel administration , his brother-in-law Rodrigo Crdoba, is mysteriously murdered, beginning a bloody struggle of interests in the family. In the midst of this war, Angelica Rodrguez arrives to change the course of things. Angelica is a young farmer who works in the Finca "El Desafo", property recently acquired by Marcelo Crdova Del vila, son of the man killed and Natalia Del vila, sister of Diego. Marcelo, for his part, falls in love with Angelica, but is forced to leave for the capital to formalize his marriage bond with Malena Vallejo, his fiance, daughter of the prosperous businessman Hugo Vallejo, who has always wanted to use the Hotel Villa Del vila . What Marcelo does not know is that his night of love with Angelica has left a mark. She stays with the hope that he will arrange things and will return, but the days pass and Marcelo does not return. She decides to go and look for him, but when she arrives in Caracas, she learns the truth: Marcelo is married. Erasmo Del Avila, Marcelo's cousin, the only son and sure successor of Don Diego, provides support to Angelica when he learns of her situation. In spite of her pregnancy it, Anglica is introduced to high society from where she will fight for Marcelo's love. She then agrees to marry Erasmus, who tells the family members that the child she expects is from him, so that when he dies from the diagnosed tumor they do not take away his wife's rights. After being married, Erasmo aims to achieve the overcoming of Angelica in all areas of his personal formation possible, since Erasmo is aware of how the world is where he will live (discrimination, humiliation and ambition), many losses are approaching To be the wife of Erasmo and future heiress becomes the second main target of the mysterious assassin after Erasmo and for which she must be prepared. 