nm0009785:

 Nel mare dove sono nata io (2012)Summaries Sina, a seven year old Eritrean girl, tells her sister Muna, still in her mother's womb, the adventure of her arrival in Italy. In a style between a fairy tale and an intimate diary, Sina describes her mum's journey to Italy fleeing the war. Through the point of view of our little protagonist these difficult moments become somehow magical. Among all these events, her own birth, which took place in the middle of the sea, on a boat that had lost its track for ten long days, but finally reaching earth. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El rulo de Sonia (1996)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Just for Today (2001)Summaries The film is about the stories of Ail, Morn, Equis, Fer and Toro. They live together in Buenos Aires. It shows the intimacy of every day situations combining like a puzzle fragments of the five characters during five days of the week. Each one go through different situations that ends in an unique scene about the desires and limitations of our lives. Manu-29 <jmqb@email.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tres pjaros (2001)Summaries Gustavo, well dressed in a Buenos Aires office and gunning for a promotion, gets a briefcase full of cash from his boss to use in shutting down a mine in remote San Juan province. Everything seems to go wrong: no one meets him at the provincial airport; he gets bad directions, leaves cell-phone range, and runs out of gas at a roadhouse near the border where a few drug runners may be waiting for product. He's stuck there for a few days before the gas truck arrives. There he meets Mariel, who's with an older man, one of the drug dealers. His first approach to her to boorish, but something about him attracts her. Will he, his money, or his desire survive? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 