nm0005383:

 Drive Angry (2011)541) A vengeful father escapes from hell and chases after the men who killed his daughter and kidnapped his granddaughter. John Milton is up against the clock: Jonah King, the leader of a Satanic cult, has murdered Milton's daughter and kidnapped her baby. In three days, King and his followers will sacrifice the child at midnight. Milton picks up the trail in Oklahoma as well as rescuing a waitress named Piper from her brutal, two-timing fianc. There are odd things about Milton: his driver's license is out of date, he has a very strange gun, and he's being pursued by a man in a suit who carries FBI ID and calls himself the Accountant. Piper, who's lived a life on the sidelines, has to piece things together on the fly as they close in on King. <jhailey@hotmail.com> In Colorado, the lonely Milton hunts down a gang of worshipers of a satanic cult trying to find where their leader Jonah King is. King has killed Milton's daughter and abducted her baby to sacrifice him at midnight of a full moon in Stillwater and Milton wants to rescue his granddaughter. Milton reaches Oklahoma and finds that Stillwater is a deactivated prison in Louisiana. Then he helps the waitress Piper first with her damaged car and then he protects her against her brutal boyfriend. In return, she gives a ride to him to Louisianna. Soon they discover that a mysterious stranger called The Accountant is chasing them. What is the secret of Milton and The Accountant? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Hell-bent on rescuing his brutally slaughtered daughter's infant from the clutches of the demon-worshipper, Jonah King, and his occultist minions, the eternally condemned sinner, John Milton, breaks out of the nightmarish netherworld. Having less than three days before the next full moon to avert the unholy offering, Milton and the no-nonsense barmaid, Piper, set off on a desperate mission to save our world from everlasting damnation, in a fast 1969 Dodge Charger. Now, with the police hot on their trail, John and Piper must work fast against the clock to save the innocent baby, as a mysterious and powerful henchman known only as the "Accountant" will stop at nothing to put the insolent fugitive back where he belongs. Who steals from the Prince of Darkness? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John Milton (Nicolas Cage) is a criminal that has broken out of Hell to kill Jonah King (Billy Burke), a cult leader that tricked Milton's daughter into joining his followers in the wake of Milton's death, only to kill her and her husband and steal their daughter - Milton's granddaughter - to be sacrificed in a Satanist ritual. After interrogating some of King's followers, Milton discovers that the ritual will take place in Stillwater, a prison in Louisiana. He heads there, but stops by a diner, where he meets Piper (Amber Heard), a waitress that is withholding sex from her boyfriend, Frank (Todd Farmer), so he will marry her. Milton's car is damaged, so he sabotages Piper's car and follows her to fix it in exchange for a ride to her home, which is on the way to Smithfalls. There, Piper sees Frank having sex with another woman and they get into a fight, with Frank beating her up. Milton beats him up, knocks him out and steals the keys of his car, taking Piper along with him on a ride to Smithfalls. Meanwhile, a supernatural operative of Satan, The Accountant (William Fichtner), arrives on Earth with the mission to bring Milton back to Hell. After interrogating Frank, he discovers that Milton and Piper are heading to Louisiana and tricks the police into helping him by impersonating an FBI agent. At a shady hotel, while Milton is having sex with a waitress, and Piper is in another room, Milton is attacked by King and his men, who heard about his return. Milton is able to kill most of them, all while still having sex with the waitress. The Accountant appears with the police and chases after Milton and Piper, who are chasing after King's RV. Milton uses a gun labeled "The Godkiller" to shoot the Accountant out of the road. They then follow King to a church, which they enter, only to be ambushed by King and captured. Piper is kidnapped and Milton is left for dead, but awakens and kills King's men before pursuing his RV once again. Inside, Piper breaks free and fights King before jumping out of the RV and onto Milton's car. King then shoots them down and escapes. Milton and Piper then meet Milton's friend Webster (David Morse), who provides them a new car. Piper discovers that Milton had to abandon his daughter to protect her from his former companions and that's why she was so easily manipulated by King. She also discovers that the Godkiller was stolen by Milton from Satan himself and has the power to completely destroy one's soul, preventing it from going to either Heaven or Hell. Meanwhile, the Accountant discovers that Milton is trying to save his granddaughter from being sacrificed and decides to help him, because, if there's one thing he hates more than souls that escape, is innocent souls sacrificed by madmen. Milton tells Piper that he can not guarantee her safety and that she should leave, but she assures that she's with him until the end. They then set to Smithfalls, evading the troops of Sheriff Cap (Tom Atkins) with the help of the Accountant and finally arriving at Smithfalls, where Milton slaughters King's men before they can sacrifice the child. King eventually shoots Milton and orders one of his servants to murder the child. However, the woman, who had been caring for the baby ever since King stole it, finds herself unable to carry out the deed, allowing Milton to grab the Godkiller and shoot King, destroying his soul. The Accountant appears and retrieves the baby, that is given by Milton to Piper. She and Webster promise to take care of the toddler as Milton dies in Piper's arms. After both Piper and Webster have left, Milton revealed to be alive (seeing that he is already dead he cannot die again) and with the Accountant and agrees to go back to Hell with him, but warns that, one day, he will escape again. The Accountant claims that he looks forward to it, insinuating that chasing him is the most fun he would ever had. They then drive off into the gates of Hell, towards the city of Dis. 
 The 5 Mrs. Buchanans (19941995)Summaries Four sisters-in-law struggle to deal with small-town life and their overbearing mother-in-law. Four completely different women in fictional Mercy, Indiana have only two connections to one another: each is married to a Buchanan boy; and none can stand their mother-in-law. Alex, married to Roy, is a Jewish feminist from New York City. Vivian, married to Ed, is an uptight wannabe-socialite with twin sons from hell, P.J. and Lyndon. Delilah, married to preacher Charles, is a ditzy former stripper from Corpus Christi, Texas. Bree, newly married to Jesse, is a perky Californian who used to work at Disneyland. They are constantly trading barbs with the cruel but hilarious Mother Buchanan, who tries her hardest to make their lives a living hell through her two specialties: meddling and manipulating. Jason Hones <onedones@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 NYPD Blue (19932005)Summaries Detectives from NYPD's 15th Precinct investigate homicides within their precinct. Each week, viewers saw the gritty reality of life in a New York City Police unit, as the officers go about their work with a grim determination, and a willingness to break the same laws that they're supposed to be enforcing. Two partners, Detectives Andy Sipowicz (Dennis Franz) and John Kelly (David Caruso) (later replaced by Bobby Simone (Jimmy Smits)), were the central characters in this weekly Police drama, and personified very different approaches to their difficult job. Sipowicz's brash gruffness (covering an emotional vulnerability) was tempered by the precise and controlled demeanor of the two partners with whom he has worked. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Arrow (20122020)871) Spoiled billionaire playboy Oliver Queen is missing and presumed dead when his yacht is lost at sea. He returns five years later a changed man, determined to clean up the city as a hooded vigilante armed with a bow. Oliver Queen and his father are lost at sea when their luxury yacht sinks, apparently in a storm. His father dies, but Oliver survives for five years on an uncharted island and eventually returns home. But he wasn't alone on the island where he learned not only how to fight and survive but also of his father's corruption and unscrupulous business dealings. He returns to civilization a changed man, determined to put things right. He disguises himself with the hood of one of his mysterious island mentors, arms himself with a bow and sets about hunting down the men and women who have corrupted his city. Anonymous After many years in a sheltered, rich boy life, Oliver Queen is stranded on an island after his father's yacht crashes. He must learn to survive on his own, five years later he is found alive and well after he was presumed to be dead. After he returns to his home city of Starling City, he begins his crusade to rid his home city of nasty villains, drug dealers, mob bosses, and criminals by becoming an arrow shooting vigilante. Oliver Queen was stranded on an island for five years where he went through experiences that changed and somewhat battle hardened him. Eventually, he makes it back home with a list of names of people who are corrupting his city given to him by his father, who "isn't who he thought he was". Eventually, others join his crusade, which soon goes beyond the list of names, and that's when things get complicated. Cocky womanizer billionaire Oliver Queen is lost and presumed dead after going on a boat trip with father Robert Queen and sister of his girlfriend, Sara Lance. The boat reaches its fate and goes under leaving Sara sucked out of the boat and Oliver and his dad on a raft with little food or water. After his dad kills himself persuading Oliver to live on for the both of them, Oliver drifts to a island. After five years on the hellish island, Oliver Queen returned home with only one goal, to honor his fathers memory by using the list of names he left him to bring down those who are poisoning his city. After five years presumed dead, rich playboy billionaire Oliver Queen returns after his father's yacht sinks in a storm, where he drifts into an island and trains with other people stuck on the deadly island. Then he returns home to Starling City to right the wrongs his father made, armed with just a bow and arrows, with allies by his side. After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Oliver Queen was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the Pacific. He returned home to Starling City, welcomed by his devoted mother Moira, beloved sister Thea and former flame Laurel Lance. With the aid of his trusted chauffeur/bodyguard John Diggle, the computer-hacking skills of Felicity Smoak and the occasional, reluctant assistance of former police detective, now beat cop, Quentin Lance, Oliver has been waging a one-man war on crime. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After a violent shipwreck, billionaire playboy Oliver Queen was missing and presumed dead for five years before being discovered alive on a remote island in the Pacific. When he returns home to Starling City, his devoted mother Moira, much-beloved sister Thea, and best friend Tommy welcome him home, but they sense Oliver has been changed by his ordeal on the island. While Oliver hides the truth about the man he's become, he desperately wants to make amends for the actions he took as the boy he was. Most particularly, he seeks reconciliation with his former girlfriend, Laurel Lance. As Oliver reconnects with those closest to him, he secretly creates the main character of Arrow - a vigilant to right the wrongs of his family, fight the ills of society, and restore Starling City to its former glory. By day, Oliver plays the role of a wealthy, carefree and careless philanderer he used to be - flanked by his devoted chauffeur/bodyguard, John Diggle - while carefully concealing the secret identity he turns to under cover of darkness. However, Laurel's father, Detective Quentin Lance, is determined to arrest the vigilante operating in his city. Meanwhile, Oliver's own mother, Moira, knows much more about the deadly shipwreck than she has let on and is more ruthless than he could ever imagine. 