nm0005490:

 Pledge This! (2006)431) At South Beach University, a beautiful sorority president takes in a group of unconventional freshman girls seeking acceptance into her house. At popular South Beach University (Miami), filthy rich super-snob Victoria English is the absolute queen of leading Greek student club, Sigma Sigma. In order to achieve her crowning ambition, winning FHM Magazine's annual best sorority, she must recruit atypical 'Sigmies' to fulfill the diversity criteria. Ambitious sycophant pledge Kristen Haas helps her attract 'losers' (too poor, ugly, unfashionable), who are cruelly put through excruciating hazing, without intent to actually enroll them. Gloria, the brightest and most assertive pledge, wins the heart of Derek 'baby Dick', Victoria's ideal, yet constantly abused boyfriend, whose bitch-addiction is cured by this alternative lover. Together they lead the revolt of the not-even-nerds. KGF Vissers Victoria English is the wealthy and snobbish president of Gamma Gamma sorority of South Beach University in Miami, Florida. When Victoria learns that FHM Magazine is nominating them for "Best Sorority of the Year" with her being on the front cover of the next issue, Victoria plots to have more "diverisifed" co-eds pledge her sorority to integrate her all-blond and wealthy sorority. One of Victoria's pledges, Kristen Haas, suggests her ex-friend Gloria to pledge and who brings along six of her misfit dorm mates whom include; DJ spinner Monique; an Indian exchange student nicknamed PooPoo; divorce Kathy, whom is seeking to relive her youth by going back to college; fat Southern belle Maxine; weird goth girl Babs; and suicide-chick Tonya. The seven pledges are force to go through the most outrageous initiations to be accepted. But when they learn that it was all an act, Gloria teams up with Victoria's boyfriend, Derek, to settle the score. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When a dorm toilet explodes on the first day back to school, a group of misfit girlfriends are forced to leave their housing and search for a new home. They ultimately decide on pledging a sorority. However, not many sororities are normal at South Beach University. The girls decide to pledge the most popular and exclusive sorority at the university, Gamma Gamma, which is led by president Victoria English (Paris Hilton). While pledging the sorority, Victoria sends the girls to do a task: collect used condoms, while searching the park, the leader of the group Gloria bumps into Victoria's boyfriend Derek ('baby dick' called by Victoria) and they become close. The only reason Victoria plans to let the freshmen pledge is to display diversity, which is a requirement for the "FHM Hottest Sorority In The Country" contest. From then on, Victoria declares war on the girls during "Hell Week" but ultimately lets them join, only to kick them out once they have won the contest. This angers the leader of the misfit freshmen, Gloria, so she quits the sorority as does her friends. Derek and Gloria realize their feelings towards each other and seal it with a kiss. Gloria's ex-best friend, Kristen desperate for wanting to get into Gamma Gamma convinces Gloria to come back. Gloria and her friends come back but only to declare war on Victoria by sneaking into the Gamma Gamma house and stealing embarrassing photos and video footage of Victoria to show to everyone at the Gamma Gamma victory party. She also reveals to Victoria that she and Derek love each other and before kissing say, "Pledge This!". Victoria becomes embarrassed and eventually makes a public apology to the freshmen. The movie ends with a giant food fight at the Gamma Gamma party, and Victoria saying that she loved her cover of "FHM" so much she bought the magazine. Gloria becomes the president of Gamma Gamma the following year. And everyone is at peace. 
 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Man from Earth (2007)211) An impromptu goodbye party for Professor John Oldman becomes a mysterious interrogation after the retiring scholar reveals to his colleagues he has a longer and stranger past than they can imagine. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with Professor John Oldman (David Lee Smith) packing his belongings onto his truck preparing to move to a new home. His colleagues show up to give him an unexpected farewell party: Harry (John Billingsley, a biologist); Edith (Ellen Crawford, a fellow professor and devout Christian); Dan (Tony Todd, an anthropologist); and Sandy (Annika Peterson), a historian who is in love with John. As they are walking into the house, Edith spots an unknown Van Gogh painting of John's with the note "To my friend, Jacques Borne" on the back written in French. Once inside, his friends persistently ask John why he is leaving. Another friend, Art Jenkins (William Katt), an archeologist, and his student Linda Murphy (Alexis Thorpe), arrive and John's friends continue to pressure him for the reason for his departure. John poses the question, "What if a man, from the Upper Paleolithic survived until the present day?" They assume that John is working on a science fiction story and play along with the discussion. As the film progresses, John slowly reveals that he is the "caveman" under discussion when he mentions that he was given a chance to sail with Christopher Columbus in the 15th century. The revelation starts off with John's recollection of the terrain of prehistoric Earth and John's origins, which happens to be roughly 14,000 years ago. John reveals that he was once Jacques Borne, a friend of Van Gogh's, and he is now "moving on" since some people have noticed his lack of aging. As they take a break from the discussion, Art who is concerned about John's sanity telephones another friend, Dr. Will Gruber (Richard Riehle), an elderly psychologist, explaining the odd situation and asks him to come over right away. In the meantime, Sandy confesses to John that she loves him, but John tells her they can never be together because of his immortality. John resumes his story by stating that he was once a Sumerian for 2000 years, then a Babylonian under Hammurabi, and finally a disciple of Gautama Buddha. Dr. Gruber arrives, at which point Dan mentions that John's tale is as impossible to be disproved as it is to be verified, a response to the many attempts to poke holes in John's story by his colleagues. The discussion takes a turn into the biological and physical condition of John and the topic of death. Gruber propels the discussion deeper into the topic of death and tension rises as Gruber interrogates John on that subject. The tension culminates with Gruber pointing a gun at John. After the drama ends with the departure of Gruber, Harry reveals that Gruber's wife has passed away the day before and the profession of John's immortality had hit Gruber very hard. Art and Edith are upset with John's story, while Harry, Dan, Sandy, and Linda appear to be more sympathetic. John also mentions that he is not a follower of a particular religion, and he doesn't believe in an omnipotent God. John's audience is shocked when he reveals how he survived the crucifixion when he was Jesus by "blocking the pain", a technique he learned in India. He explains the origin of the Resurrection, Moses, and other events and people in the Bible. Tempers and emotions rise as Edith pressures John to recant his story, which offends her deep-rooted faith in the Bible. Dr. Gruber returns to the scene and apologizes to John for his "infantile behavior". As John continues to pack his belongings onto the truck, his colleagues begin to talk about the possibility of John being mentally ill or high on drugs. The discussions of John being Jesus, Christianity, and the Bible continue and Edith, unable to take John's tale anymore, breaks down crying. Emotions in the room run high. Gruber takes charge of the situation and sternly demands that John end his "high tale" and give closure to the story; he threatens John with the possibility of locking him up for observation. John apologizes to everyone and, as he doesn't want to further upset any of his friends, he tells them that all he just told them is just a story. As each of John's friends leave, John apologizes to Harry and Edith, while Art and Linda leave without many parting words. When it is Dan's turn to say goodbye, it is hinted that Dan believes John's story. After everyone but Dr. Gruber and Sandy has left, Dr. Gruber overhears John relating to Sandy some of the other pseudonyms he has used over the years. One used over 60 years ago was the name of Gruber's father, a chemistry professor from Harvard, who had left the family. Gruber, shocked and over-excited, suffers a heart attack and dies. After Gruber's body is taken away, the movie ends with Sandy walking towards John (sitting in his truck); at the last minute he changes his mind to spend some part of his life with her. 
 American Wedding (2003)431) It's the wedding of Jim and Michelle and the gathering of their families and friends, including Jim's old friends from high school and Michelle's little sister. Jim Levenstein has finally found the courage to ask his girlfriend, Michelle Flaherty to marry him. She agrees to get married, but the problems don't stop there for Jim. Now along with Paul Finch and Kevin Myers, Jim must plan the wedding. Unfortunately Steve Stifler is in town and won't let the wedding go past without having some fun himself, which includes setting up a secret bachelor party. FilmFanUK Jim proposes to Michelle and she accepts. Now their families are looking forward to it as are Jim's friends, Kevin and Finch. They do their best to keep Stifler from knowing but he does and all he sees is the bachelor party that goes with it. However Jim is more concerned about whether or not Michelle's parents will like him and he is also worried whether he can learn how to dance before the wedding. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) having dinner, celebrating their college graduation. They've been dating for 3 years now. Jim intends to propose to Michelle, but receives a phone call from his dad saying that Jim forgot the engagement ring at home and his dad is on his way to bring it to him. As Jim tries to stall, he talks about the next step which Michelle interprets as spicing up their sex lives. She gets the impression that he wants a public sex act and proceeds to perform oral sex on him under the table. When Mr. Levenstein (Eugene Levy) arrives, Jim tries to hide the fact that he's being fellated. Not knowing Michelle is under the table, Jim's dad expresses his excitement at the proposal. Then, after Michelle bumps her head under the table out of shock , all chaos ensues as Jim ends up exposed and has to hike his pants up quickly. Saving face, he swallows what's left of his pride and asks Michelle to marry him which she readily agrees. Jim has a night at the local bar with Michelle, Kevin(Thomas Ian Nicholas) and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) to celebrate their engagement. During that night, it is revealed that Michelle likes to dance but Jim is a terrible dancer. The first thing about the wedding that everyone agrees to, is that Stifler (Seann William Scott) is not invited and should be kept away from the wedding. This proves to be impossible when Stifler drives by Jim's house and decides to crash what he thinks is a graduation party but is actually the engagement party. He messes with the cake which ends up on his lap and Jim's as well. Jim tries to take his pants off to clean them and chaos ensues ending with Jim looking like he's having sex with dogs when Michelle's parents (Fred Willard and Deborah Rush) meet him for the first time. When Stifler realizes that Jim is getting married, he volunteers to organize the bachelor party which Kevin and Finch hadn't thought about but agrees that Stifler would be the perfect guy for such an occasion. They don't tell him however that he is not invited. Afterward, Jim worries that the wedding will be a disaster. Michelle's parents hate him after the dog incident. Michelle is stressed but doesn't want to tell Jim about her worries so Jim doesn't know what she really wants and he knows she'll want to dance and he's really bad at it. He shares these details to Kevin and Finch who offers their help. Looking for dancing lessons, Kevin and Finch meets Stifler and try to hint that he's not invited at the wedding. Jim goes to Stifler to try to explain why he's not invited. Stifler gets angry and screams at Jim while his football team surrounds them and scream with him. Stifler uses that moment to whisper that he knows how to dance and he can teach Jim. They have a first lesson together and Jim finally agrees to invite Stifler and allow him to take care of the bachelor party. Meanwhile, Finch has been following Michelle under disguise to learn more about her desires for the wedding. He finds out that Michelle's dream wedding dress is made by only one designer working for one store in Chicago. So Jim sets out to find the dress maker with the guys and Stifler. They go to Chicago but the dress maker named Leslie isn't at the store. One of her colleagues agrees to give them the address of a few bars where they could find her. They split to cover more territory and Stifler ends up in a gay bar where he gets in an argument with a big man nicknamed Bear who happens to know Leslie. Bear sends them away refusing to help them. As Jim is losing faith in ever finding Leslie, Stifler returns and has a dance-off to make up for his rudeness towards Bear. Leslie, the man who was next to Bear all along finally reveals himself and agrees to make the dress. Michelle's sister Cadence (January Jones) arrives to help for the preparations, and Finch is quickly attracted to her. Sadly, so is Stifler. Upon hearing that Cadence is hoping to attract a decent guy, Stifler adopts a more meek attitude and acts like Finch, and avoids swearing and speaks of philosophy. The act works as it seduces both Cadence and her mother. When Finch realizes that Cadence is beginning to tire of the intellectual Stifler however, he starts to act immature, rude, and perverted: in other words, like the real Stifler. This change of attitude momentarily gets him the attention and favor of Cadence. The dress episode has convinced Michelle's parents that they should give Jim a second chance and they schedule a private dinner. Jim lies to Stifler that everyone will be gone that night so he can have his private moment with Michelle's parent. Unfortunately, Stifler, thinking that Jim will be home alone, sees it as the perfect moment for the bachelor party to take place. Stifler arrives at Jim's house with Kevin, Finch, Bear and his "girls": Fraulein Brandi and Officer Krystal. Not waiting for Jim, they get the party started and play Bondage and Submissive roles with the girls. When Jim arrives with Michelle's parent, Stifler and Finch realizes their mistake and they hide everyone. They almost manage to get away with it until they find Kevin almost naked and tied to a chair in the closet. Stifler makes up an excuse to explain everything and tries to take the blame for it but Jim insist to take the blame himself which convinces Michelle's parents that Jim is willing to make a lot of efforts for their daughter and they give him their blessing. Because he is now her favorite best man, Michelle's mother entrust Stifler to protect the bride's wedding ring until the ceremony. Not long after arriving at the hotel where the wedding will take place in a few days, Stifler looses the ring when he unintentionally feeds it to the dogs. He spends the whole day with them hoping to catch the ring when they defecate. When he finally gets the ring back, he tries to sneak to his room to wash it but is intercepted by Michelle's parents. Mistaking the stool in Stifler's hand for a truffle, Michelle's mother, who loves chocolate, attempts to eat it, giving Stifler no other choice but to eat it himself to save face. Only Finch knows the truth and reacts accordingly. Later, Cadence begins to catch on that Stifler may not be all he says he is, but finds herself still attracted to him so she proposes him a sexual encounter. Stifler picks up a bottle of champagne on his way to his encounter with Cadence but accidentally turns off the refrigerator holding the flowers for the wedding. He gets in an argument with Finch and goes into full Stifler mode just as Cadence walks by and sees everything. She obviously cancels the encounter. Another crisis erupt when Jim's grandmother express her disapproval of the wedding and hates Michelle because she isn't Jewish, a fact that deeply saddens Michelle. Jim tries to explain to her that his grandmother is very old fashioned but Michelle still takes it very personal. Because the refrigerator was off, the flowers have all overheated and died. With everyone angry at him, Stifler leaves the hotel angry and sad. On his way home he sees the flower shop that provided the flowers for the wedding. He finds the owner's address and wakes her up in the middle of the night. She claims the job is impossible since she had four people working for two days to do the first job. By using an old speech from his coach in the first movie ("you don't score until you score...") he convinces her to help him redo the flowers. To do so, he also brings in the football team he coaches to set up the entire room with new flowers. Jim and Michelle, who were very sad the night before, wakes up to the sound of Stifler leading his whole team into decorating the wedding hall. Cadence is impressed and agrees to forgive Stifler and be his date for the wedding. Finch admits that Stifler was probably better for her anyway. Stifler, angry that he can't hate Finch after such a noble remark, tells Finch that he hates not hating him. Finch reminds him that he slept with Stifler's mom twice. Stifler says "Thank you" as a way to reveal that all the hatred is back. Just before the ceremony, Stifler and Cadence plan to have sex in a linens closet. Cadence is intercepted by her mother and is unable to sneak away while Jim's grandmother gets dumped in the linens closet by the ushers because they found her annoying. Stifler enters the dark closet and thinks he's with Cadence and have sex with her until Finch and Kevin finds them and Stfler realizes he was doing Jim's grandmother who insist he finishes the job. Michelle and Jim finally get married. Everything goes smoothly, even Jim's grandmother is all smile now, thanks to Stifler. At the reception, Jim impresses everyone with his new dancing skills taught to him by Stifler. They invite everyone to join them on the dance floor. Everyone is dancing and having a good time except Finch who's sitting all by himself until Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge) shows up. They tell each other they are over each other but she invites him to her room. The movie ends with Stifler's mom and Finch in the tub having sex as the milf guys (John Cho and Justin Isfield), are watching in awe from the window. 