nm0000612:

 Starship Troopers (1997)651) Humans in a fascist, militaristic future wage war with giant alien bugs. In the distant future high school kids are encouraged to become citizens by joining the military. What they don't know is that they'll soon be engaged in a full scale war against a planet of alien insects. The fight is on to ensure the safety of humanity. Christopher Van Pelt The time is the future. Johnny Rico joins the military after graduation to become a citizen and for the love of his high school sweetheart. In the war against the bug aliens of Klendathu, the military is a very dangerous place to be. Johnny works his way through several battles and with the help of his friends and comrades, helps turn the tide of the war, and save the human race. <maninamask@aol.com> Set on the future earth, Johnny rico is a young student dating a girl named Carmen. When Carmen decides to join the military in order to become a class citizen (citizenship is only achieved through serving your country), Johnny follows and joins as well. He soon realizes that he joined for the wrong reasons but just as he is about to quit, an asteroid that originated from the orbit of planet "klendathu" hits Buenos Aires (his home town) and kills his family. Johnny and his fellow troopers set out to destroy the planet's inhabitants: a type of deadly and very large scaled space bugs. Through a seemingly ordinary action flick, director paul verhoeven creates a subtle anti-war theme, that shows us a fascist and military world far more frightening than WW2's Germany, Italy or Russia, the kind of world that is actually functioning. guyshemi Earth is united under militaristic organization called "Federation". Even in 4school students like Johnny Rico are thought about importance of serving to the Federation. On the surface atmosphere looks pretty relaxed, Johnny is dating beautiful Carmen, he has successful high school football career, loyal friends and rich parents. In the background Federation is in war with highly intelligent insectoid population that has colonized many worlds and are now trying to exterminate humans. Carmen decides to go to a school for a pilot in hope of commanding her own space ship one day and Johnny follows her not wanting to separate, but they eventually get separated in the line of duty when Johnny ends up in the Infantry and Carmen in the Fleet. When tragedy obliterates their home city of Buenos Aires, Johnny gets determined more than ever to put an end to the insectoid aggressor. Driven by hatred of the insectoids, and jealousy for Carmen's new boyfriend, Johnny strives to become one of the best soldiers Federation has ever seen... But "bugs" prove to be smarter and more resilient than he originally thought... Shaddow Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the distant future, several hundred years after a revolution by Galactic War Veterans overthrew the world's governments and imposed a militaristic regime titled 'The Global Federation of Earth', humanity is at tense diplomatic relations with an alien race whose homeworld is the planet Klendathu (one of many planets inhabited by these creatures located on the other side of the Milky Way Galaxy) who are named the Arachnids, or 'Bugs'. John 'Johnny' D. Rico (Casper Van Dien), his girlfriend Carmen (Denise Richards), and best friend Carl (Neil Patrick Harris), who possesses psychic abilities, graduate from high school in Buenos Aires. Carmen and Carl enlist in the military to become citizens. Wanting to follow his girlfriend and friend, Johnny goes against his parents' desires and also enlists. But he finds that his grades are too low to join Carmen in Flight School and is assigned to the Mobile Infantry while Carl joins Military Intelligence. Johnny and the rest of the new recruits are drilled by the brutal Career Sergeant Zim (Clancy Brown). Johnny shows himself to be an outstanding leader and is made squad leader. He also meets a former high school classmate, "Dizzy" Flores (Dina Meyer), who has requested transfer to Johnny's unit ostensibly because the unit is the toughest but mainly because she's infatuated with Johnny. Over the next few weeks in boot camp, Johnny learns that Carmen is happy with her training and is working with his high school rival, Zander (Patrick Muldoon). Her decision to make the Fleet her career dashes Johnny's dreams as well as the future of his romance with her. Following a training incident in which one of his squad members is killed, Johnny is demoted from squad leader and publicly flogged in accordance with military law. As Johnny is telling his parents via videophone that he is quitting the Infantry the transmission is interrupted. The 'Bugs' have directed an asteroid at Earth, destroying Buenos Aires, killing his parents and most of the population of that city. As a result of this sneak attack, Earth declares war on the 'Bugs' and Johnny, after conferring with Zim and their commanding officer, stays with the Infantry. The Federation's forces mount a large-scale invasion of Klendathu, which becomes an unmitigated disaster due to underestimation of their foes combat abilities and sheer numbers. 'Bug plasma' energy discharges from the surface by huge 'Tanker Bugs' thought to be flame-spewing battle tanks on the surface now turn out to be giant artillery pieces capable of surface-to-space barrages creating massive damage to the Fleet in space. With much of the Fleet in space destroyed or badly damaged, the Mobile Infantry on the surface is cut off from air support and overcome by swarms of thousands of 'Bug' warriors. Over 100,000 troops are killed before a retreat can be performed and several of Johnny's fellow recruits are killed, Johnny himself being severely wounded. Later at the Ticonderoga Battle Station, where the remains of the Fleet dock, Carmen looks up Johnny Rico's name on a computer screen, (it shows 308,563 casualties from the one-day battle, most of them being KIA or MIA). Johnny's squad is almost wiped out and Carmen, due to an error in the casualty list, believes he is dead. In truth, Johnny is in the care of the medical squad and is having the wound in his leg repaired. Federation scientists are baffled by the Bugs' use of military tactics and postulate that there must be a caste of 'Brain Bugs' that serve as generals for the Arachnids. After a few days' relief, Johnny, Dizzy, and fellow squad member Ace Levy (Jake Busey) are re-assigned to the 'Roughnecks', a special unit of Mobile Infantry which is led by Johnny & Dizzy's old high-school teacher, Lieutenant Jean Rasczak (Michael Ironside), a veteran of the First Bug War several years earlier who has been brought out of retirement to lead the group. Back on Earth, a new Sky Marshal revises the campaign, using strikes on other planets in the Klendathu system to learn more about the Arachnids' tactics. After aerial napalm strikes against the planets, Lt. Rasczak's squad lands on Planet 'P' to lead a ground assault. Johnny's leadership and his skill in combat while destroying a tanker bug earn him a field promotion to Corporal. That night, Lt. Raszcak grants the unit rest and relaxation, during which Johnny and Dizzy wind up in bed. A few days later, the Roughnecks are assigned to investigate an outpost on Planet P; they find the garrison killed and learn that the Bugs have sucked out the brains of some of the dead. They find the cowardly Commanding Officer General Owen (Marshall Bell) still alive, rambling about the existence of some kind of leader bug responsible for the massacre. Suddenly, the outpost is ambushed by thousands of warrior bugs, with some tanker and flier bugs in support. Most of the squad is killed, including General Owen, and Lt. Rasczak. Johnny takes command and requests an evacuation ship, which happens to be flown by Carmen and Zander. Dizzy is fatally stabbed by a warrior bug and dies in Johnny's arms. After Dizzy's funeral aboard a starship, Johnny and Carmen are joined by Carl, now a high-ranking colonel in military intelligence. Carl admits that the Roughnecks had been used as bait to test a theory, which angers Johnny, but the theory has proven correct; the existence of 'Brain Bugs' that control much of the Arachnid behaviour. Carl assigns the Roughnecks to search for a 'brain bug' back on Planet P. Carl gives Johnny a promotion to Lieutenant and command of the Roughnecks. As the Roughnecks explore the surface of the planet, the Fleet in space is again fired upon by hundreds of planetary tanker bugs. During the attack the warship 'Rodger Young' on which Carmen is stationed as the pilot, is hit by Arachnid plasma fire. Cutting the ship in two, Carmen and Zander manage to evacuate in an escape pod that crashes deep inside a Bug nest several meters underground. Johnny learns of Carmen's situation and tells the rest of the squad to keep scouring the system of caves they've been patroling, while he, Ace, and Sugar Watkins (Seth Gilliam) search for Carmen in the tunnels. Carl, who has telepathic powers, is able to provide Johnny some guidance through his mind. Eventually they discover Carmen and Zander just as Zander's brain is sucked out by the brain bug leader. Carmen saves herself by injuring the bug with a knife that Zander had handed to her earlier. Watkins, injured, sacrifices himself to wipe out the bug nest with a small nuclear warhead. Johnny, Ace and Carmen arrive on the surface and learn that the brain bug has been caught by the Mobile Infantry, led by former Sergeant Zim, who has been demoted to Private in order to take part in combat. As everyone celebrates, Carl joins Johnny and Carmen on the surface, explaining that they will be able to learn how the Bugs think and can turn the tide of the war. Concluding with another propaganda News Reel, it is shown that Johnny, Ace, and Carmen continue their service in the military as heroes. Prime examples to incoming recruits with Johnny as leader of the 'Roughnecks' and Carmen as Captain of her own ship as the war against the bugs continues. 
 Wild Things (1998)871) A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high-school guidance counselor when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students. Having recently been named educator of the year, Sam Lombardo is the well-liked guidance counselor and sailing instructor at Blue Bay High School on the Florida coast just outside Miami. The student body of the school is largely comprised of the offspring of the country club set, and while he helps any student he can, he especially tries to mentor those who are disadvantaged, such as Jimmy Leach who would not have been able to afford being in the sailing program otherwise, and tough Suzie Toller, a proverbial swamp girl who he's helped through a few scrapes with the law in the absence of any parents, Suzie living with her streetwise grandmother Ruby at an alligator sideshow zoo. Although not socioeconomically part of that country club set himself, he nonetheless has ingratiated himself within it, he having slept with a good number of the country club maidens, he currently settled into a relationship with Barbara Baxter, the well-off daughter of high powered lawyer Tom Baxter. Sam's world comes crashing down around him when student Kelly Van Ryan, who has made it quite clear to her classmates she is sexually attracted to him and who is the daughter of one of his former bed mates, sexually provocative widow and socially powerful Sandra Van Ryan, accuses him of raping her. Already in trouble in that no one can fight and win against the Van Ryans in Blue Bay, Sam, whose career is ruined regardless of his guilt or innocence in never being able to recover from such accusations, gets into even more problems when Suzie quickly thereafter comes forward also accusing him of previously raping her, her story similar to Kelly's. The likelihood of Kelly and Suzie colluding together to manufacture similar stories is remote as it is well known that they have always detested each other. Having now become persona non grata among that country club set, Sam is forced to hire sleazy storefront lawyer Ken Bowden to defend him. Blue Bay Police Detective Ray Duquette of the Sex Crimes Division, he investigating with his partner Gloria Perez, goes against her advice and that of DA Bryce Hunter by delving into sensitive areas in believing that not all associated with the case are as they appear on the surface. Huggo In south Florida, a high school counselor is accused of rape by a manipulative rich girl and her trailer trash classmate. The cop on the case begins to suspect a conspiracy and dives into an elaborate and devious web of greed and betrayal to find the truth. J.J. Jackson Sam Lombardo is a high school counselor living in Blue Bay in South Florida, whose life is turned upside down. Kelly Van Ryan, the sexy and seductive daughter of billionaire Sandra Van Ryan, one of Blue Bay's powerful and elite members of the community who has a crush on Sam accuses him of raping her. It gets even worse for Sam, when troubled bad girl Suzie Toller steps forward and claims that Sam also raped her. With Sam's career ruined, he loses respect from his students and the community, while believing both Kelly and Suzie have framed him. Sam hires freelance lawyer Ken Bowden to defend him in court. Investigating the case, police detective Ray Duquette suspects a conspiracy involving Sam, Kelly and Susie, and finds nothing is what it seems. Daniel Williamson Sam Lombardo is a well-respected Florida high school guidance counselor who gets his life turned upside down when two students, spoiled rich-girl Kelly Van Ryan, and trailer-trash bad-girl Suzie Toller, bring rape charges against him in which local police detective Ray Duquette investigates the allegations. But not everything is what it appears to be and the big question arises: who is deceiving who? Matthew Patay When High School Guidance counselor Sam Lombardo is accused of raping the popular student Kelly Van Ryan, his carefully structured life is ruined. But as the case heads to trial, an outcast school girl Suzie, may have information to free Sam. But the investigating Detective Ray, thinks that a more devious plan is at work that involves Sam, Kelly, and Suzie. As Ray digs deeper into the case, he uncovers a scheme that has very high stakes and where nothing is as it seems. <moviebuff@csupomona.edu> A decent teacher is accused by one of his students for raping her, after he seemingly refuses to make love with her. Most people believe him to be innocent, but when another student of his starts claiming the same for her, things get really difficult Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two female students -- wealthy, popular Kelly Van Ryan ( Denise Richards ) and goth trailer dweller Suzie Toller ( Neve Campbell ) -- accuse Sam Lombardo ( Matt Dillon ), a high school guidance counselor, of rape. Before this, Sam gives Kelly a ride home, at which time they listen to both Third Eye Blind and Smash Mouth on a car stereo. During the trial, Suzie reveals that Sam did not rape her and that Kelly fabricated the charges because she was in love with him and angry that he slept with her mother. The trial humiliates Kelly and her entire family, and Sam receives a generous settlement ($8.5 million), which he uses to retire peacefully. It is then revealed that Sam, Kelly, and Suzie orchestrated the scandal with the aim of taking the money from the trial. As police sergeant Ray Duquette ( Kevin Bacon ) becomes suspicious, Suzie becomes increasingly nervous and Sam worries that she will undermine their plan. After Kelly has an affair with Suzie, Sam and Kelly take her to the seaside, where Sam murders Suzie with a wine bottle. In the investigation into Suzie's disappearance, police find her blood and teeth by the ocean. Ray discovers Sam is the killer and goes to Kelly's house to protect Kelly from Sam. In the confrontation between Kelly and Ray, both are shot, Kelly fatally. Ray explains how she shot at him and he had to return fire. Ray is discharged from the police force following this incident, while Sam spends time at a tropical resort. Sam goes to his room and finds Ray there -- Ray and Sam had been collaborating the whole time. They later go cruising in Sam's boat in the ocean, where Sam knocks Ray overboard. When Ray climbs back onboard, Suzie, alive and now with blonde hair, shoots him with a spear gun and Ray disappears into the surf. Before Ray falls over, he pleads to Sam for help. Sam would say "you should not have killed Kelly", signifying he and Suzie showed no remorse in having to kill Ray. As Sam relaxes, Suzie gives him a drink laced with poison and knocks him overboard. She sails the boat back to shore by herself. A series of flashbacks explains the story. Suzie devised the plan, in which she wished to receive the money from the trial, as payback to her wealthy stepsister Sandra Van Ryan (Kelly's mother played by Theresa Russell ) for being scorned and abandoned by their father. Suzie also wanted to kill Ray in revenge for killing her friend, Davie, some time ago (Davie tried to intervene to protect a prostitute that Ray was roughing up, so Ray killed him, then busted Suzie for drugs and sent her away to a correctional facility so she couldn't be a witness against him). She manipulated all the characters in the plot, making Sam seem the mastermind and faking her own death (she had photos of Sam and Kelly partaking in drugs and underage kinky sex to blackmail Sam into joining the plot). She was underestimated because of her delinquency and poor background. Those who knew her say her IQ was around 200 and, if she put her mind to it, "she could do anything." As for Kelly's death, Ray shot her first and then put a gun in her hand and made it appear that she had shot at him. 
 The World Is Not Enough (1999)761) James Bond uncovers a nuclear plot while protecting an oil heiress from her former kidnapper, an international terrorist who can't feel pain. James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is back. An oil tycoon is murdered in MI6, and Bond is sent to protect his daughter. Renard (Robert Carlyle), who has a bullet lodged in his brain from a previous Agent, is secretly planning the destruction of a pipeline. Bond gains a hand from research scientist Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), who witnesses the action which happens when Bond meets up with Renard, but Bond becomes suspicious about Elektra King (Sophie Marceau), especially when Bond's boss, M (Dame Judi Dench) goes missing. Bond must work quickly to prevent Renard from destroying Europe. simon When oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is murdered in cold blood, M (Dame Judi Dench) assigns James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) to go and protect his daughter Elektra (Sophie Marceau). An anarchist named Renard (Robert Carlyle), who was shot with a bullet in his head by another Agent, seems to be of concern to MI6. And he has his eyes set on taking down the King pipeline and Elektra along with it. While on assignment, Bond suddenly becomes suspicious on Elektra's motives to move her pipeline. With help from his old adversary, Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), and physicist Dr Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), Bond must work against time to stop the terrorist plan to destroy the pipeline before it's too late. Blazer346 When British oil tycoon, and M's (Dame Judi Dench's) friend, Sir Robert King (David Calder) is killed in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, it becomes James Bond's (Pierce Brosnan's) new assignment to protect his daughter and heir, Elektra (Sophie Marceau), from further harm. Renard (Robert Carlyle), a man who can't feel physical pain due to a bullet in his head, seems to play an important role in the sabotage of the on-going construction of the new King pipeline, which can give oil to all of the world for the future. The three competing pipelines all end up in Istanbul, Turkey, whereas the King pipeline is being laid elsewhere, and therefore is an easy goal to anonymous attackers. James Bond involuntarily teams up with emancipated Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards), and they soon find out that there is more threat to the situation than just some pipeline sabotage. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> When oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is assassinated in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, after recovering three million British pounds from a Swiss Bank in Bilbao, Spain. Seductive British Secret Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is injured in the line of duty trying to pursue the assassin who killed herself by blowing herself up in a hot air balloon. Fearing Sir Robert's beautiful daughter and heiress Elektra King's (Sophie Marceau's) life is in danger, M (Dame Judi Dench) assigns 007 to protect her, as Elektra has inherited her father's legacy and has taken over the business, and is constructing a new oil pipeline. Bond learns an evil terrorist, known as Renard (Robert Carlyle), who has a bullet in his head cutting off his senses so he can't smell, touch, and feel no pain, was responsible for the assassination of Sir Robert. With help of nuclear scientist Dr. Christmas Jones (Denise Richards) and former enemy, ex-K.G.B. Agent Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), Bond sets out to foil Renard's plan as he plots to wipe out Europe with a nuclear bomb. Is the World not enough for James Bond 007 as he not only tries to stop Renard, but also begins to question Elektra's motives? Daniel Williamson After British oil tycoon Sir Robert King (David Calder) is killed in a bombing at MI6 Headquarters, his daughter, Elektra (Sophie Marceau), inherits his fortune which includes billions of dollars worth of oil deposits in the Caspian Sea, and James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) as a bodyguard. Her new wealth attracts international interest. But she has also attracted the attention of her father's killer. His name is Renard (Robert Carlyle). A bullet lodged in his brain has rendered him unable to feel physical pain, and he has but only one reason left to live, revenge. There's only one man who can take the heat between a beautiful heiress, a malicious sociopath, and his final diabolical plan. For the world's most famous secret agent, when the stakes are high and the danger hits too close to home, it is not just professional, its personal. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Bilbao, Spain, MI6 agent, James Bond, meets with a Swiss banker to recover a large sum of money. The banker, however, plans to have James killed. James uses a flash grenade disguised as his sidearm to create a diversion and ends up holding the banker at gun-point. The banker had taken the money from another "00" and is about to tell Bond who the agent's assassin is when he himself is killed by a thrown knife from his secretary, the Cigar-Smoking Woman. Bond grabs the case of money and is about to escape when another man tries to shoot him; that man is hit by an unseen sniper. Bond escapes out the window. At MI6 headquarters in London, Bond returns the money to a wealthy man named Robert King. King and Bond's boss, M, are both present in M's office when Bond arrives. Bond learns from them both that King is building an oil pipeline through the Caucasus region and that the project has been threatened with destruction from several factions. King leaves and M gives Bond a glass of bourbon with ice. When the ice begins to bubble, Bond deduces that the money, which he'd handled, may itself be dangerous. In a nearby lab, the metallic security strip in one of the bills bursts into flame and the money explodes, killing King and blowing a large hole in the outer wall of MI6 HQ. Bond looks out through the hole and sees a woman on a boat who tries to shoot him with an automatic rifle. Bond takes a small, experimental, jet-powered boat belonging to Q and races after the woman, chasing her down the Thames. She tries several times to evade him but Bond catches up with her, finally destroying her boat near the Millennium Dome with a torpedo. The woman steals a hot-air balloon and floats upward, with Bond hanging on to one of the anchor ropes. The woman, the Cigar Smoking Woman who killed the Swiss banker, points her own pistol at the gas tanks on the balloon. Bond pleads with her not to kill them both, saying MI6 will protect her. She says no one can protect her from "him". She shoots the tanks and the balloon explodes, dropping Bond onto the Dome. The rolling landing fractures his collarbone, but he's still able to arrest his slide down the side of the Dome by grabbing onto the support cables. At Robert King's funeral service, Bond notices that King's daughter, Elektra, is there. At an MI6 retreat in Scotland, Bond is examined by MI6 physician, Dr. Molly Warmflash, whom Bond seduces to get a passing diagnosis, allowing him to continue his mission. He goes to a briefing held by M who declares that her organization will not be terrorized. The likely suspect is a man named Victor Zerkas, aka "Renard", an internationally known terrorist who hires himself out as a mercenary. Renard was hunted by another Double-O who shot the criminal in the head non-fatally. The bullet, still lodged in Renard's head, has been destroying the area of his brain that controls his senses. Renard does not feel pain and is able to, according to the doctor, "push" himself to the limits of human endurance until the bullet eventually kills him. Renard had previously kidnapped Elektra and demanded a high ransom for her return. Elektra, however, was able to escape by seducing her guards and killing them. M now believes that Renard will want to kill Elektra out of revenge. Bond notices that the money he recovered for Robert King is equal to the ransom Renard had, and concludes that it's more a message from Renard than simply recovered money. The MI6 doctor declares Bond fit for duty. Bond visits his armorer, Q, in his lab where he's given several tools for the mission. Q also introduces Bond to his protege, whom Bond laughingly designates, "R." Bond travels to Elektra's location near Baku, Azerbaijan, where she is overseeing the construction of her father's pipeline. Bond joins her on a brief inspection of the line in the mountains; the area is snowed over and they must ski to the right spot. They are attacked by a small group of men piloting "parahawk" vehicles. Bond is able to stop them, causing a few of them to collide with the landscape or each other and explode. The last explosion causes a small avalanche, burying Bond and Elektra. Bond deploys a rapid-inflating sphere to protect them, but Elektra panics from claustrophobia. Bond rapidly frees them from the snow and takes her back to her house to recuperate. Seeking further information about Elektra's attackers, Bond goes to a casino owned by his old enemy, Valentine Zukovsky, to find out more about Renard and the men who attacked him earlier. Zukovsky tells Bond that Renard is a former KGB agent and may be working for Russian oil barons in the region who want the King pipeline destroyed. Bond and Zukovsky are summoned back to the main floor; Elektra has come to the casino to show she isn't afraid of her enemies and in hopes of winning a sizable amount of money using her father's standing credit. She loses on a high-low draw but is gracious in defeat. In another location, Renard meets with a man named Davidov, Elektra's security chief, and a nuclear weapons scientist named Arkov, who also secretly works for Renard. Renard kills Arkov for the failed attack and expressing his unwillingness to continue with the next phase of the mission and orders Davidov to take Arkov's place on a secret mission the next day. Davidov agrees. Bond slips out of Elektra's mansion and goes to Davidov's office, looking for more leads. When Davidov returns, Bond kills him and takes his place on a plane. Renard's men fly him to a remote region of Kazakhstan where an underground nuclear missile facility is being dismantled. Bond meets the head of the project, Dr. Christmas Jones, who is removing all the radioactive material from the warheads. Bond goes down into one of the silos and finds Renard and his men stealing an active warhead. Bond briefly captures Renard, and tries to force the criminal to reveal his plan. Renard resists, feeling no pain from Bond's blows. During the improvised interrogation, Renard uses a phrase Bond had previously heard from Elektra ("There's no point in living if you can't feel alive."). Bond also notices that one of Renard's men has removed the tracking card from the bomb. At that moment, Dr. Jones and a squad of guards come into the room and she accuses Bond of being an impostor. Bond is forced to his knees by Renard, who presses on Bond's injured collarbone. Bond and Renard and the others are about to be arrested when Renard's crew opens fire and try to escape in the melee. Bond tries to stop their escape but fails and he and Jones are trapped in the silo with a bomb planted by Renard. They manage to get out before the bomb explodes. Jones tells Bond they should be able to find the bomb Renard stole quite easily using it's tracking card but Bond shows her the card he'd taken from one of Renard's men. Bond returns to Baku and harshly confronts Elektra about Renard using her motto and about the way Renard knew about Bond's injury. He concludes that Elektra and Renard are working together. When M arrives, Bond gives her the locator card from the bomb and tells her his theory. At that moment, an alarm sounds, indicating trouble on the pipeline. Renard has planted the bomb he stole on an inspection car that's traveling down the pipeline out of control. Bond and Jones use another of the vehicles to catch the bomb. While Jones dismantles the device she finds that only half of the plutonium from the original bomb is there. Bond tells her to let the explosive charge detonate to create the illusion that they were killed. It does and a large section of the pipe is destroyed. Back at Elektra's command center, she gives the visibly upset M a gift: her father's lapel pin. The pin King was wearing when he was killed was a fake that activated the detonator in the money Bond had retrieved. Elektra tells M that she killed her father out of revenge for not paying ransom for her when she had been kidnapped by Renard. M is taken prisoner. Bond and Jones are puzzled as to why Renard only used half of the plutonium. Bond thinks he knows where to look for answers. Bond once again visits Zukovsky, this time at his caviar factory. While trying to gather further information from Zukovsky, they are attacked by helicopters with dangling, circular saw blades. Bond is able to destroy one of the helicopters with missiles fired from his BMW, but the other chopper saws his car in half. Bond uses a flare gun to ignite leaking gas from a nearby pipe, destroying the second helicopter. In the confusion, Zukovsky falls into a pit of his own caviar. While he struggles to free himself, Bond asks him what his connection to Elektra is. The gangster tells him that he'd arranged for his nephew, a Russian submarine captain, to smuggle some machinery out of Istanbul for Elektra. Bond fishes Zukovsky out of the caviar and the Russian agrees to help Bond stop Renard. In Istanbul, Bond and Zukovsky work to discern Renard's plan. They figure out that a nuclear explosion in Istanbul would contaminate the Bosphorus, preventing all shipping out of the Black Sea, and rendering the Russian oil pipelines useless. This would leave the King line with a monopoly. The submarine will be detonated using the stolen plutonium and will look like an accident. When Bond and Zukovsky determine where the sub is docked, near the Maiden's Tower, Zukovsky's assistant, Bullion, rushes out of the room, having planted a bomb. Bond and Jones escape and the bomb goes off, rendering Zukovsky unconscious. Outside the command center, Bond and Jones are captured by Renard's men. Bond is taken to the Maiden's Tower and delivered to Elektra. Renard takes Jones with him to the submarine. Elektra has Bond shackled to an antique chair that causes asphyxiation and she proceeds to torture him. Suddenly, Zukovsky and his men take control of the tower, killing Renard's and Elektra's men. When Zukovsky reaches the room where Elektra has Bond, he sees his nephew's captain's hat on a nearby table, he demands it from Elektra. She shoots Zukovsky with a pistol hidden behind the hat and he falls to the floor. She turns her attention back to Bond, just long enough for Zukovsky to cock the rifle hidden in his cane. He first aims at Elektra, then turns toward Bond and fires, seemingly missing him. Zukovsky passes out, however his shot has freed one of Bond's wrists and he is able to free himself completely. Elektra runs off, Bond takes her pistol and chases her through the tower, stopping briefly to free M. He finds Elektra and demands she call off Renard in the submarine. She tells Bond he'd never kill her and that he'd miss her. She yells through a two-way radio for Renard to proceed with the plan and Bond shoots her, saying "I never miss." Bond leaps from the tower and boards the sub, where Renard has extruded the stolen plutonium into a rod to be inserted into the sub's reactor. Bond kills most of Renard's men but the terrorist locks himself in the reactor room. Bond swims outside the sub, and enters the engine room through a pressure lock. Jones follows, but distracts Bond from his battle with Renard when she needs him to let her in before she drowns. As a result Renard is able to lock Bond and Jones away from the reactor chamber. Bond sees a way to eject the rod using a pneumatic control and the rod impales Renard, killing him. However, the reactor's cooling has been compromised and it will still explode, though not as seriously as Renard planned. Bond and Jones escape through a missile hatch to the surface and are picked up by a passing boat. Back at MI6 HQ, M, Q and the rest of her staff scan satellite channels looking for Bond. They find him in Istanbul, in bed with Dr. Jones. 
 Love Actually (2003)761) Follows the lives of eight very different couples in dealing with their love lives in various loosely interrelated tales all set during a frantic month before Christmas in London, England. Against the backdrop of aged has-been rock star Billy Mack's (Bill Nighy's) Christmas themed comeback cover of "Love Is All Around", which he knows is crap and makes no bones about it, much to his manager Joe's (Gregor Fisher's) chagrin as he promotes the record, several interrelated stories about romantic love and the obstacles to happiness through love for Londoners are presented in the five weeks preceding Christmas. Daniel's (Liam Neeson's) wife has just died, leaving him to take care of his adolescent stepson Sam (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) by himself. Daniel is uncertain how to deal with Sam and his problems without his wife present, especially in light of a potential budding romance within their household. Juliet (Keira Knightley) and Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor) have just gotten married. They believe that Peter's best friend and best man Mark (Andrew Lincoln) hates Juliet, but won't say so to his or her face. Others looking at the situation from the outside believe Mark is jealous of Juliet, as he is in love with Peter. Jamie (Colin Firth), a writer, is taking a writing retreat by himself in rural France following catching his latest girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) in an indiscretion. Jamie ends up spending much time in France with Aurelia (Lcia Moniz), the Portuguese woman hired as the housekeeper. The question becomes not only if they can communicate their day-to-day needs with each other as she speaks no English, he speaks no Portuguese, and neither speaks French very well, but communicate what seems to be their increasing mutual attraction to each other. Sarah (Laura Linney) has been in love with her co-worker Karl (Rodrigo Santoro) for the two years they have worked together, this attraction about which everyone in their workplace knows. Sarah has to decide if she can be forward enough to express this love directly to Karl, especially in light of what has been her personal priority of dealing with a family issue. Harry (Alan Rickman) and Karen (Dame Emma Thompson) have been in a stable long term marriage. His new assistant Mia (Heike Makatsch) drops hints to him that she would like them to be romantically involved. Harry has to decide whether to fall to the temptation, especially considering being married to a perceptive wife. Single and relatively young David (Hugh Grant) is the newly elected Prime Minister. At 10 Downing Street, he is attracted to one of the new household servants, Natalie (Martine McCutcheon), but isn't sure what to do about it seeing as to their respective positions, the probable public scrutiny, and an incident involving the visiting U.S. President (Billy Bob Thornton). Socially unaware Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) believes that the lack of romantic love in his life is all the fault of standoffish British women. As such, he decides to take decisive albeit somewhat unusual geographic action. And John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page) are movie body doubles. They can communicate with each other straightforwardly while they are simulating sex filming a movie, but they may not be able to translate the feelings behind that simulation in real-life to each other. Huggo As the throaty, erotic voice of the season's ultimate star and legendary rocker, Billy Mack, and his luscious Christmas take on the The Troggs ' hit song, "Love Is All Around", peppers the already festive and romantic London, diverse facets of the all-powerful Eros intertwine. With only five full weeks until Christmas Eve, vibrant vignettes of Cupid's shenanigans unfold, as the stories of love-smitten boys; secret admirers; philandering husbands; heartbroken authors; widowed fathers, and the Yuletide plight of a desperate, lovesick British Prime Minister interweave, forming a magnificent panorama of love, and its many guises. But, love is omnipotent, love is forever, and love is above all. Why squander your dreams, afraid to move on, when, actually, all you need is Love? Nick Riganas The characters are falling in love, falling out of love, some are with right people, some are with the wrong people, some are looking to have an affair, some are in the period of mourning; a capsule summary of reality. Love begins and love ends. They flirt a lot. They are all flirting with love. At all ages and social levels, love is the theme. Romantic love and brotherly love is the hotchpotch through out the movie. Most of this movie was filmed in London during Christmas, and the characters all ended up at Heathrow airport on an uplifting note. Rosemea D.S. MacPherson Love is all around us, which that's certainly true for all of these people. John (Martin Freeman) and "Just Judy" (Joanna Page) have fallen in love with each other while on the set of an erotically charged film. David (Hugh Grant) has just become the new Prime Minister. The second he steps into his office/home, he is smitten with Natalie (Martine McCutcheon), his catering manager who had already screwed up at the first minute. David's sister is Karen (Dame Emma Thompson), married to Harry (Alan Rickman), who runs a local magazine. Harry is somewhat smitten by his secretary, Mia (Heike Makatsch), who is constantly hitting on him. Harry's best editor is Sarah (Laura Linney), having a mentally-ill brother and a not-so-hidden crush on Karl (Rodrigo Santoro), who has a thing for her as well. Karen is friends with both Daniel, who had just lost his wife and has discovered that his stepson is in love with a young American girl, and Jamie (Colin Firth), whose girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) has just left him for his younger and more attractive brother, forcing him to move to France to continue writing his novel while falling for Aurelia (Lcia Moniz), a young Portuguese woman who can't speak a lick of English. Juliet (Keira Knightley) has just married Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor), not realizing that his best friend Mark (Andrew Lincoln) has loved her since they first met. Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) is desperate to have sex and believes that in order to do that, he should travel to Wisconsin because he thinks that American women will dig him for being British. And Billy Mack (Bill Nighy), an old rocker who is climbing back up the charts after battling his old heroin addiction, is on the radio and television shows either bad-mouthing his new CD, insulting his manager, Joe (Gregor Fisher), or a hot new boy band, or calling Britney Spears a "bad shag". Are you still following along? Will Set almost entirely in London, England during five frantic weeks before Christmas, follows a web-like pattern of inter-related, loosely related and unrelated stories of a dozen or more various individuals with their love lives, or lack of them. The central character is the new bachelor Prime Minister David (Hugh Grant), who cannot express his growing feelings for his new personal assistant Natalie (Martine McCutcheon). The prime minister's older sister Karen (Dame Emma Thompson) slowly grows aware of her husband Harry's (Alan Rickman's) flirtation with an office worker named Mia (Heike Makatsch). Karen's friend Daniel (Liam Neeson) is a recently widowed writer whose eleven-year-old son Sam (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) asks for love advice about a girl on whom he has a crush. Meanwhile, Jamie (Colin Firth) is another writer who leaves his girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) after catching her cheating on him and travels to France to write a novel where he pursues a possible romance with his non-English speaking Portuguese maid Aurelia (Lcia Moniz). Also, Harry's American secretary Sarah (Laura Linney) questions a romance she pursues with the office hunk Karl (Rodrigo Santoro), but her personal family problems get in the way. Other secondary characters involve a photographer who pursues his best friend's new wife Juliet (Keira Knightley); a pair of movie stand-ins, named John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page), who grow closer after their simulated love scenes; a libidinous chum who wants to travel to Wisconsin to score with women; and a burned-out former rock star named Billy Mack (Bill Nighy), who is the main connection between all of the stories involved. Matt Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a voiceover from David (Hugh Grant) commenting that whenever he gets gloomy about the state of the world he thinks of the arrivals terminal at Heathrow Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and families welcome their arriving loved ones. David's voiceover also relates that all the messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were messages of love and not hate. The film then tells the 'love stories' of many people: Billy Mack and Joe With the help of his longtime manager Joe (Gregor Fisher), aging rock and roll legend Billy Mack (Bill Nighy) records a Christmas variation of The Troggs' classic hit "Love Is All Around". Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas number one single. The song does go to number one; after briefly celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John, Billy recognizes that Joe is the love of his life and suggests that he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching porn. Juliet, Peter and Mark Juliet (Keira Knightley) and Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor) are wed in a lovely ceremony orchestrated and videotaped by Mark (Andrew Lincoln), Peter's best friend and best man. The video Mark recorded reveals that he is secretly in love with Juliet, which she realizes when she barges into his studio and watches it. Juliet thought he didn't like her because he never talked to her, avoided her, and generally behaved distant and uncomfortable towards her. He blurts out that he acts that way because of 'self-preservation', and she finally realizes that he's always been head over heels for her, but has kept it to himself out of respect for her and Peter's relationship. Mark takes a moment to truly confess his love for Juliet, and Juliet acknowledges him by giving him a kiss. Jamie and Aurlia Writer Jamie (Colin Firth) first appears preparing to attend Juliet and Peter's wedding. His girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) misses the ceremony to sleep with his brother. Crushed by this, Jamie retires to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese housekeeper Aurlia (Lcia Moniz), who speaks only her native tongue. There is an instant attraction between the two. When Jamie returns to England he realises he is in love with Aurlia. Jamie spends time learning Portuguese and goes back to propose to her. She says yes, and it is revealed that she has been learning English to communicate with Jamie. Harry, Karen and Mia Harry (Alan Rickman) is the managing director of a design agency; Mia (Heike Makatsch) is his new secretary. For Christmas he buys her an expensive necklace from jewellery salesman Rufus (Rowan Atkinson), who elaborately wraps it while Harry becomes increasingly nervous in fear of detection. Meanwhile, Harry's wife Karen (Emma Thompson) is busy dealing with their children, Daisy (Lulu Popplewell) and Bernard (William Wadham), who are appearing in the school Nativity play. She voices her fears about Harry to her brother David (Hugh Grant), who just became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and her friend Daniel (Liam Neeson), who has just lost his wife. Karen discovers the necklace in Harry's coat pocket and initially assumes it is a gift for her; she later confronts Harry over the necklace and he admits his foolishness. David and Natalie Karen's brother is the recently elected British Prime Minister David (Hugh Grant). Natalie (Martine McCutcheon) is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing Street and regularly serves his tea and biscuits. Something seems to click between them. David walks in to find the U.S. President (Billy Bob Thornton) attempting to seduce Natalie, which inspires him to take a stand against the bullying President's policies. Finding that his relationship with Natalie has become strained, David has her moved to another job, but later comes across a Christmas card from Natalie ending with a declaration of her love for him. He eventually finds Natalie at her family's home (next door to Mia), seeing that they are on the way to the local school for the nativity play (the same one in which his niece and nephew are appearing). He drives her family to the play, and the two watch the show from backstage, their budding relationship exposed when a curtain is raised on them kissing at the end of the pageant's big finale. Daniel, Sam, Joanna and Carol Daniel (Liam Neeson), Karen's friend, and his stepson Sam (Thomas Sangster) fend for themselves as they mourn the loss of their wife and mother. Sam has fallen for American classmate Joanna (Olivia Olson), and, after discussion with his stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany her in the big finale for their school's Christmas pageant (the same one that Natalie's nephew and Karen and Harry's children are in). After Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her, Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how he feels, lest he regret it for his whole life. Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna, who then kisses him on the cheek. Meanwhile, Daniel, who famously lusts after supermodel Claudia Schiffer, meets the parent of another of Sam's school mates, Carol (Claudia Schiffer), who is a dead-ringer of Ms. Schiffer. Sarah, Karl and Michael Sarah (Laura Linney) first appears at Juliet and Peter's wedding, sitting next to her friend Jamie. We learn she works at Harry's graphic design company, where she has been in love for years with the company's creative director, Karl (Rodrigo Santoro). A tryst between Karl and herself is interrupted by Sarah's mentally ill brother, Michael (Michael Fitzgerald), and this effectively ends their relationship. On Christmas Eve, she visits her brother at the institution where he lives, wrapping a scarf around him as he hugs her. Colin, Tony, Stacey, Jeannie, Carol-Anne, Harriet and Carla After several blunders attempting to woo various English women, including Nancy (Julia Davis), the caterer at Juliet and Peter's wedding, as well as Mia, Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) informs his friend Tony (Abdul Salis) he plans to go to the US and find love there, convinced that his Britishness will be an asset to him in a foreign country. Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin immediately meets Stacey (Ivana Milievi), Jeannie (January Jones), and Carol-Anne (Elisha Cuthbert), three stunningly attractive women who fall for his Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they are joined by roommate Harriet (Shannon Elizabeth). John and Judy John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page) meet as body doubles for the sex scenes in a film where Tony is a production assistant. John tells Judy that "it is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to." While the two are perfectly comfortable being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative off-set; they carefully pursue a relationship, and see the play (same one as David & Natalie, Harry & Karen, Daniel & Sam, et. al.) at the local school together with John's brother. Rufus Rufus is a minor, but significant, character played by Rowan Atkinson, the jewellery salesman whose obsessive attention to gift-wrapping nearly gets Harry caught by Karen buying Mia's necklace. Also, it is his distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak through to see Joanna. In the director and cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally supposed to be a Christmas Angel, however it was dropped from the final script. Epilogue One month later, progress is shown in each relationship: love, actually. However, two of the relationships are not romantic - those of rock star Billy Mack and his manager Joe and of long-suffering Sarah and her institutionalized brother Michael. Billy arrives with a gorgeous groupie in tow to be greeted by Joe and indicating that his comeback has remained successful. Juliet, Peter, and Mark come to meet Jamie and his new bride Aurelia, showing both that they have married and that Mark is learning to cope better with the romantic triangle. Karen and the kids greet a returning Harry confirming that they have survived their relationship crisis and reconciled. Sam greets Joanna who has returned with her mother from the US as Daniel looks on, joined by his new girlfriend Carol and her son. John and Judy run into Tony, who is there to meet Colin on his return from the US; they are shown to be just married and off to their honeymoon. Colin returns with the gorgeous Harriet in tow, and Harriet's younger sister Carla (Denise Richards) and Tony are immediately struck by each other. Natalie is seen welcoming David back in front of press cameras, indicating that their relationship is now public. These scenes dissolve into live-footage of actual arrivals at Heathrow Airport, which divide the screen and eventually form a heart as The Beach Boys' "God Only Knows" plays on. 