nm0003195:

 Next Stop Wonderland (1998)321) An unlucky in love nurse finds her life taking a detour when her mother places a personals ad in the paper, while on the other side of Boston, a plumber is trying to change careers. Erin is a nurse and her longtime boyfriend has dumped her. Her mother Piper places a personal ad for her. Meanwhile the film follows the life of Alan, a volunteer at a local aquarium who dreams of becoming a marine biologist. Will their paths cross? Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When Erin (Hope Davis) is dumped by her boyfriend (Philip Seymour Hoffman), her mother (Holland Taylor) places embarrassing personal ads on her behalf. Erin reluctantly goes out with a string of men, but a lonely plumber (Alan Gelfant) with aspirations to be a marine biologist keeps crossing her path. If the two could only meet, they might make the perfect pair. Directed by Brad Anderson, the film earned a spot at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival. 
 A Hard Day's Night (1964)431) Over two "typical" days in the life of The Beatles , the boys struggle to keep themselves and Sir Paul McCartney 's mischievous grandfather in check while preparing for a live TV performance. A day and a half in the life of the Fab Four leading up to a televised concert gig. The boys seem to be constantly on the run, from their crazed fans and from their manager, who is constantly trying to rein them in. Sir Ringo Starr however is arrested and still isn't in the studio half an hour before air time. With Sir Paul McCartney's grandfather available for additional comical relief, the group performs a dozen or so songs. garykmcd John, Paul, George and Ringo - collectively known as The Beatles - leave their Liverpool home base to head to London where they are to perform on television. There, they have a few official engagements beforehand, such as rehearsals at the studio and a press conference, otherwise they are stuck at the hotel. In addition, they want some free time out just to be lads, which may be difficult seeing as to throngs of adoring and screaming primarily young female fans following them wherever they are known to be. They also encounter a few people who would rather not associate with them because of different sensibilities, a few people who, when seeing only one at a time, wonder if they are who they look to be, and a few people who mistake them for someone else. Sheltered Ringo, in particular, takes advantage of what little freedom they have, which may cause problems for them all in the end. Helping them navigate through all these issues but also ensuring they do their work as celebrities are two of their managers, Norm and Shake, who are accompanying them on this trip and who are having a disagreement about height. Also along for the ride is Paul's paternal grandfather, John McCartney, who Paul's mum believes needs an outing to nurse a broken heart. Despite his outwardly innocent appearance, McCartney Sr. ends up being a mischievous soul, whose misadventures they all have to get him out of time and time again. But at least McCartney Sr. is clean, "very clean"... Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The plot is a study of a day in the life of the Fab Four beginning with them running from their adoring fans to catch a train. Every plot point circles around the band getting to a television show in order to perform a live concert, and within this stream of action is a series of slapstick, zany, and otherwise wacky bits of funniness. One obstacle in the works is Paul McCartney's babysitting of his grandfather (Wilfrid Brambell), a first class mixer always getting into mischief. It becomes one of the running jokes in the film that Brambell is a "clean old man," at least physically (this contrasts with Brambell's most famous role as Albert Steptoe in Steptoe and Son where he was a "dirty old man" both physically and psychologically). Ringo Starr gets a sense of liberation and goes off on his own to find happiness only to land in jail for loitering. John Lennon fires playful barbs at TV director (Victor Spinetti), whose biggest worry is that if for some reason the Beatles stand him up his next job will be doing "news in Welsh." One great story line is with George Harrison, in which he is mistaken for an actor auditioning for some trendy TV show for some trend setter hostess. The earnest demeanor of the casting head and his associates is undercut by George's declaration that she is a well-known drag. Norman Rossington and John Junkin as The Beatles' managers are stalwart English character actors who fill out the cast and support the general lunacy of the film with a more traditional presence, but still sustain an on-going battle about one being taller than the other. Anna Quayle has a great bit with John Lennon about his being someone he's not. The whole thing ends with an ear-shattering concert and the band yet again running from the adoring fans. 
 Sgt. Kabukiman N.Y.P.D. (1990)Summaries A streetwise New York police officer transforms into the world's most unusual superhuman hero. Harry Griswald is a NYPD cop who is possessed with the spirit of a great Kabuki master. This has made him 'the chosen one' to do battle with 'the evil one'. He is also out to do good deeds and fight crime in the name of the law. The only problem is that a number of corrupt people in the community and their henchmen want him dead so that they can gain power when 'the evil one' come to take over the world. Sgt. Kabukiman must use his special superpowers to outsmart and out-fight the bad guys. Josh Pasnak <chainsaw@intouch.bc.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Life Is Beautiful (1997)761) When an open-minded Jewish waiter and his son become victims of the Holocaust, he uses a perfect mixture of will, humor, and imagination to protect his son from the dangers around their camp. In 1930s Italy, a carefree Jewish waiter named Guido starts a fairy tale life by courting and marrying a lovely woman from a nearby city. Guido and his wife have a son and live happily together until the occupation of Italy by German forces. In an attempt to hold his family together and help his son survive the horrors of a Jewish Concentration Camp, Guido imagines that the Holocaust is a game and that the grand prize for winning is a tank. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> In 1939, Jewish-Italian Guido Orefice comes into Arezzo, Italy, ultimately to open a book store. In the meantime, he will work as a waiter at the hotel restaurant where his Uncle Eliseo is the matre d'. In town, he meets a school teacher named Dora, who he calls Princess and who comes from a wealthy Italian family. For him, it's love at first sight. Despite she already being in a relationship with another man, Guido ultimately sweeps her off her feet. They get married and have a son they name Giosu. On Giosu's fifth birthday, World War II is in full force. Since they are Jewish, the Germans take away Guido, Eliseo and Giosu to a labor camp. Wanting to be with her family, Dora insists she be taken too, but she is housed in the women's side of the camp. To protect Giosu from the horror of what is happening to them, Guido tells him that they are playing a game, certain actions which garner points, other actions which take points away or disqualify one from the game. The first to reach 1,000 points wins the prize of a real tank. Guido's primary goal is to keep Giosu safe at all cost, while he tries to figure out a way to get his family out of the camp and keep the Germans at bay from learning what he is doing with Giosu. Huggo A gentle Jewish-Italian waiter, Guido Orefice, meets Dora, a pretty schoolteacher, and wins her over with his charm and humor. Eventually they marry and have a son, Giosue. Their happiness is abruptly halted, however, when Guido and Giosue are separated from Dora and taken to a concentration camp. Determined to shelter his son from the horrors of his surroundings, Guido convinces Giosue that their time in the camp is merely a game. Jwelch5742 On the threshold of a new dark era, the mirthful Jewish-Italian, Guido Orefice, arrives in late 1930s Arezzo, in high hopes of starting afresh. Dreaming of opening a small bookshop, instead, the free-spirited optimist finds true love in the person of his princess--the gentle local school teacher, Dora--and their sweet fairy-tale love story blooms into a happy married life and a son named Giosu. However, against the backdrop of the great war's atrocities and the Germans' retreat in 1945, the Fascists round up Guido, his child, and the town's Jewish citizens to ship them to a nightmarish concentration camp to meet their fate at the hands of the Nazis. But, in Giosu's eyes, this strange new situation is nothing but an exciting challenge to win a glorious grand prize--resilient Guido's desperate attempt to shield the innocent boy from the horrors of the death camp. Will Giosu win the contest? Is life more beautiful beyond the grown-ups' absurd world? Nick Riganas It's 1939. The ebullient, playful Guido comes to town. He works as a waiter under the watchful eye of his uncle, an elegant man who is a Jew. Guido falls for Dora, a schoolteacher, whom he calls "princess" and courts by popping up at unexpected times. She dumps her fianc to choose Guido. The film jumps ahead to the war's last months. Nora and Guido have a child, Giosu, and when Guido and the lad are shipped to a concentration camp, Dora voluntarily follows. Although the men and women in the camp are separated and a child is in mortal peril, Guido finds ways to communicate with Dora, to hide Giosu, and to convince the boy this is an elaborate game, a special contest to win a tank. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in late 1930s, Arezzo, Italy, Jewish waiter Guido Orefice (Roberto Benigni) uses cunning wit to win over an Italian schoolteacher, Dora (Nicoletta Braschi), who's set to marry another man. Charming her with "Buongiorno, Principessa!", getting the timing perfect every time, and whisking her away on a green horse (don't ask!) ensures they soon live together happily in Guido's uncle, Eliseo Orefice's (Giustino Durano), house. Bringing up their 5 year old boy, Giosu (Giorgio Cantarini), the war continues without them noticing until one fateful day when the Germans arrest Guido and his son at the uncle's house during preparation for Giosu's birthday party, and transfer them to a concentration camp. Dora demands to be taken too, thus Guido is devastated to see his non-Jewish wife board the train. Protecting his son from the vile truth, Guido tells Giosu that they are just on a big hoilday, and he turns the camp into a big game for Giosu, claiming that they must win 1000 points to win a real tank and leave. His elderly uncle, however, is on a different "team" and is lead towards the showers first. Guido must complete "tasks" for the camp "moderators" (ie. the Nazi SS), while avoiding the impending fate with everything he can offer. His quick thinking saves Giosu from the truth when a German officer requires a translator. Despite not speaking a word of German, Guido steps forward and makes up the "Regole del Campo" from the German's body language, claiming that tanks, scoreboards and games of Hide and Seek litter the camp, while cleverly stating that Giosu cannot cry, ask for his mother or declared he's hungry, resulting in the loss of the "game", in other words, death. Giosu later refuses to take a shower, and unknowingly escapes being gassed, so Guido hides him with the help of other Italian prisoners, since there are no other children. Playing messages over the tannoy for Dora, kept prisoner on the other side of the camp, the family build up hope, only for it to be diminished by the SS. With the help of Guido's former German friend, Herr Lessing, Guido can hide Giosu amongst the German children, while waiting the German Officer's meals. With the days becoming steadily worse, Guido realises that time is short and that he must make certain sacrifices if his son is ever to see the tanks roll over the hills, and be reunited with his mother. Giosu is pessimistic, and doesn't believe that there are any real tanks or games. Hiding Giosu in a junction box for the last time, telling him that everyone is looking for him, Guido jeapordises his own survival to prevent the Germans discovering Giosu, while he attempts to free Dora, giving his own life away at the same time. The Americans break into the seemingly deserted camp the following morning. Giosu emerges just as a tank pulls around the corner. Hitching a lift out, Giosu soon spots his mother and the film closes. 