nm0000488:

 Rapid Fire (1992)Summaries When student Jake Lo witnesses a killing, he finds himself caught between two feuding drug lords. Betrayed and set up by the federal agents, the only person he can trust is Ryan, a Chicago cop who reminds Jake of his deceased father. When student Jake Lo witnesses a killing, he finds himself caught between two feuding drug lords. Betrayed and set up by the federal agents protecting him, the only one he can trust is Ryan, a single-minded Chicago cop who reminds Jake of his deceased father. To clear his name, Jake agrees to help Ryan bring down the drug lords. Jeff Hansen <jmh@umich.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Showdown in Little Tokyo (1991)541) Two L.A. cops with opposing views on what is the best way to uphold the law have to work together to bring down the Yakuza, while trying to protect a beautiful woman. Detective Chris Kenner was orphaned as a child as his father was in the service and was killed and lived in Japan. Now he is on the trail of ruthless Yakuza leader named Yoshido, who helped establish a small Japanese area in Los Angeles and is now running a drug ring disguised as a brewery. However, Kenner must team up with a Japanese-American detective named Johnny Murata, and he also must protect a witness named Minako who would testify against Yoshido. But what Kenner will soon discover that he will be in a lot more than what he bargained for. John Wiggins Reared in Japan under the law of Bushido, the American Samurai and solo LAPD detective, Chris Kenner, is in for a big surprise when he gets a new partner: the straight-laced, America-raised Japanese with the killer fists, Johnny Murata. Both expert in martial arts, the mismatched duo has to bring down the notorious drug manufacturer and tattoo-covered leader of the Iron Claw Yakuza clan, Yoshida, whose nefarious business activities have spread across Los Angeles. Now, against the backdrop of a fierce personal vendetta, Chris and Johnny must fight tooth and nail against Yoshida's army of cut-throats, and protect the innocents who were in the wrong place at the wrong time. But, who shall live and who shall die after the bloody showdown in Little Tokyo? Nick Riganas For 400 years, Japan has been home to a secret criminal organization dedicated to its own supremacy in the underworld. Ruled by an ancient, arcane code of honor, the deadly Yakuza have been among the most feared members of society. Even today, they are immediately recognizable by the stunningly ornate tattoos that cover their bodies, telling the terrifying story of their stature and career in a dark order that knows no mercy. Now the Yakuza are coming to Los Angeles. But in America, they're going to meet their match. Two cops are on their trail. One's an American raised in Japan. He's got the mind and spirit of a samurai, and the body of a human fighting machine. The other's a Japanese-American raised in California's San Fernando Valley. He's into malls, pizza and MTV. But he can disarm five gunmen with his bare feet. One's a warrior. One's a wise-ass. But together they've got what it takes to remove some tattoos from Little Tokyo. "Showdown in Little Tokyo" stars action favorite Dolph Lundgren as Chris Kenner, a man fighting for his adopted heritage and his family's honor; and Brandon Lee, in his first American film role, as Johnny Murata, a guy whose idea of a good time includes knowing where--and how--to get his kicks. Opposites in attitude, once they get on the streets, they're a perfect odd couple. And what they have in common is their enemy--the Yakuza who are bringing a lethal new drug trade to Los Angeles, coupled with a macabre taste for violence and cruelty. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chris Kenner (Dolphn Lundgren) is a detective working in LA's Little Tokyo. He busts in on an illegal kickboxing operator Tanaka (Philip Tan), but a rival gang led by Sato (Toshiro Obata), attacks and captures Tanaka. Kenner leaps over the getaway car, but loses them. Later, in a Chinese restaurant, Kenner sees the thugs and attacks them. He is hampered by the arrival of Johnny Murata (Brandon Lee), who mistakes him for a criminal. Murata is Kenner's new partner, apparently. They arrest the remaining thug. During questioning, Kenner sees the thug's tattoo and realizes he's Yakuza. He has a flashback to the murder of his parents, apparently by a Yakuza member. The thug breaks his own neck. A mob boss kills Tanaka by crushing his car with him in it. At a party, boss Yoshida (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) questions Angel (Renee Griffin) about her tipping Tanaka off, then decapitates her. Kenner talks to the coroner later, and she explains that Angel had enough Ice (an illegal drug) in her to kill her. Kenner and Murata go to one of Tanaka's club, and find out the club has come under ownership. They see Minako Okeya (Tia Carrere) and question her about Angel. She doesn't want to talk, though. Thugs arrive and Kenner and Murago take them out. Sato stops them with a gun and takes them to see Yoshida. Kenner recognizes him as his parent's murderer, but since they're surrounded by goons with guns, he and Murata leave. The next day, Kenner and Murata follow Yoshida to a beer brewery, where Yoshida is importing and distributing Ice. Later, Yoshida shows Okeya a video of Angel's death and takes her hostage. Kenner and Murata see her preparing for suicide, and Kenner goes to rescue her, leaving Murata to trail the departing Yoshida. Kenner wipes out the goons guarding Okeya and rescues her. He lifts a car on its size and shoots it to make it explode, then drives off with Okeya. Yoshida swears vengeance. Kenner and Murata accost Yoshida and his goons in a bathhouse and beat the crap out them. Yoshida gets away, and Kenner and Murata flee the cops. They take Okeya to a remote cabin for protection, and Kenner sleeps with her. The bad guys show up again, and a battle ensues, Murata with guns and Kenner with knives and a crossbow. Sato captures Okeya, and Kenner gives up. Kenner and Murata escape torture, but get stuck in a car crusher, escaping in secret at the last minute. Yoshida starts shipping his drug-laden beer, but Kenner and Murata attack the brewery, spoiling the deal in progress. The good guys shoot the bad guys, Murata beats up Sato, and Kenner faces off with Yoshida, both with lots of fire. Kenner finally kills Yoshida in a swordfight, getting revenge for his parents. End. 
 The Crow (1994)431) A man brutally murdered comes back to life as an undead avenger of his and his fiance's murder. A poetic guitarist Eric Draven is brought back to life by a crow a year after he and his fiance are murdered. The crow guides him through the land of the living, and leads him to his killers: knife thrower Tin-tin, drugetic Funboy, car buff T-Bird, and the unsophisticated Skank. One by one, Eric gives these thugs a taste of their own medicine. However their leader Top-Dollar, a world-class crime lord who will dispatch his enemies with a Japanese sword and joke about it later, will soon learn the legend of the crow and the secret to the vigilante's invincibility. Don Hoffman On the night before Halloween, somewhere in Detroit's dark underbelly, the vicious henchmen of the violent criminal kingpin, Top Dollar, murder the up-and-coming rock star, Eric Draven, and his innocent fiance, Shelly Webster. But, such is the injustice of the devoted couple's untimely demise on the eve of their wedding, that, as Eric's restless soul is escorted to the other side, a merciful crow intervenes, bringing his spirit back to settle his unfinished business. Now, with the baleful raven as his sole link between this world and the next, Eric Draven's pale body miraculously rises from its cold grave, granted permission to take his rightful revenge on his enemies precisely a year later, on Halloween Eve, like an implacable supernatural avenger. However, Eric's time in this world is limited. Can death's redemption reunite the eternal lovers? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "People once believed that when someone dies, a crow carries their soul to the land of the dead. But sometimes, something so bad happens that a terrible sadness is carried with it and the soul can't rest. Then sometimes, just sometimes, the crow can bring that soul back to put the wrong things right." October 30, Devil's Night, in Detroit. Sergeant Albrecht ( Ernie Hudson ) is at the scene of a crime where Shelly Webster ( Sofia Shinas ) has been beaten and raped and her fianc, local musician and guitarist Eric Draven ( Brandon Lee ), has been murdered, having been stabbed, shot, and thrown out of their apartment window to the streets below. The couple had been planning their wedding for the next day; Halloween. A cop comments darkly, "Who gets married on Halloween?" Albrecht responds, "Nobody." As he prepares to leave for the hospital with Shelly, Albrecht meets a young girl with a skateboard named Sarah ( Rochelle Davis ) who says she is a friend of Eric and Shelly and that they took care of her. Albrecht tells her that Shelly probably won't survive. One year later, a crow flies over the dark and rainy landscape of Detroit and lands on the headstone of Eric Draven. It taps at the stone with its beak, awakening Eric from the grave. He climbs out of the ground, trembling and wracked with convulsions. With some confusion, he stands and walks with the crow to his abandoned apartment, finding it in shambles. Memories of the night of his death come back to him as the gang responsible runs through the city, setting fire to it. The faces of the attackers stick in his mind and overcome with grief, he grabs the frame of a broken tympanum window, the glass cutting deep into his palms. To his astonishment, the blood from the wounds flows back into his skin and the wounds heal themselves. Bent on vengeance, he changes his clothes and paints his face white in parody of a porcelain harlequin mask he had given Shelly as a gift. He then draws black liner around his eyes and down his cheeks like tears and paints his lips black with Glasgow lines reaching out from the corners. Guided by the crow and sharing the crow's high perspective on the city, Eric sets out to avenge his and Shelly's murders. The first person he locates is Tin Tin ( Laurence Mason ), a thug obsessed with knives. Eric engages in hand-to-hand combat. He wins the fight by catching a knife and pinning Tin Tin to the wall with it. Eric confronts him about the murders the previous year and Tin Tin laughs in his face, mocking Shelly. Eric finishes him off by stabbing him in each vital organ ("in alphabetical order") with his own knives and takes his trench coat, leaving a crow-shaped bloodstain on the wall of the alley. Using Tin Tin's memories, he goes to the pawn shop where Tin Tin sold Shelly's engagement ring. Eric forces the owner, Gideon ( Jon Polito ), to show him where the ring is located and finds it mixed in a box with dozens of other rings. He lets Gideon live so that he can deliver a message of death to the rest of the gang before he douses the counters in gasoline, loads a shotgun with other rings of destroyed lives, and fires, igniting the shop in a massive explosion. Gideon escapes alive but badly burned. Eric locates the next thug on his list, Funboy ( Michael Massee ), getting high in an apartment with Sarah's drug-addicted mother, Darla ( Anna Thomson ). Funboy shoots Eric in his hand and Eric mocks him by pretending to scream in pain before showing the hole in his palm heal before his eyes. Frightened, Funboy is easily disarmed by Eric and is shot in the thigh before being injected with an overdose of morphine. Eric then confronts Darla but merely says that morphine is bad for her, forcing the drug out of her arm seemingly by magic, and tells her that she should return to her daughter who is surviving alone on the streets. Albrecht, meanwhile, has been following the deaths of the thugs around town. He doesn't share the rest of the department's view on the killings, thinking of them as more of a blessing than a curse. He even goes so far as to rescue Eric as he flees from choppers after his latest killing, though Eric is quick to disappear afterwards. Upon meeting again later on, Eric explains what he's doing and offers his best reason as to why he's come back. Albrecht tells him what he knows of Shelly's death and reveals that he stayed with her as she suffered through thirty hours of agony before dying. Eric touches Albrecht and receives from him all the pain felt by Shelly during that time. Gideon goes to Top Dollar ( Michael Wincott ), the leader of all gangs in Detroit, and warns him about Eric. Top Dollar responds by stabbing Gideon through the throat with a sword, sinking it to the hilt, as his lover/half sister/soothsayer, Myca ( Bai Ling ), looks on with glee. Around the same time, two of Top Dollar's thugs, T-Bird ( David Patrick Kelly ) and Skank ( Angel David ) stop by with the news about Tin-Tin's murder. Top Dollar shows only virtually no concern for Tin-Tin's demise and snorts cocaine from a large pile. T-Bird and Skank stop at a convenience store for supplies. Eric sneaks into the T-Bird's classic Ford Thunderbird and kidnaps him while Skank is in the store. Eric forces T-Bird to drive at high speed through the streets. Skank runs into the street, gets hit by a car & steals it to follow the pair; he watches as Eric ties T-Bird to the driver's seat of a car with explosives strapped to him & lets the car drive off the pier where it explodes midair and sinks into the harbor. When the police arrive, they discover a fiery symbol in the shape of a crow at the scene. Meanwhile, Darla tries to reconcile with Sarah by making her breakfast; though Sarah is skeptical at first of her mother's sudden change of heart, she accepts the effort and hugs her. Albrecht's "superior" chews him out just because he can & tells him he's suspended for misconduct. Sarah goes to Eric's apartment and speaks out to the shadows, feeling that he must be nearby. She tells him that she misses him and Shelly but, when no one responds, goes to leave and says that she figured he wouldn't care anymore. Eric speaks to her, appearing in the window, and tells her that, although they cannot be friends anymore, he still cares about her. Skank retreats to the gang hideout, rambling wildly about Eric; Sarah & Albrecht bond over their mutual experiences w/ Eric & discuss how he came back. At the gang hideout, Top Dollar, hardly concerned for T-Bird's fate, is discussing plans for criminal activity on Devil's Night with his other criminal associates. Eric crashes the meeting looking for Skank, and proceeds to mock everyone in the room. Dollar orders him killed and his associates all open fire, forcing Eric off the large conference table. He rises after a few moments and a massive gunfight ensues. Top Dollar escapes with Myca and his lieutenant, Grange ( Tony Todd ). Eric easily kills everyone in the room by gun, fists & swords, saving Skank for last, throwing him out the window. The police arrive to find Eric the last man standing; he escapes w/ Albrecht's help. Top Dollar, Grange, and Myca discuss Eric and his unique abilities. Myca reveals that Eric is invulnerable to harm, but only if his link to the real world, the crow, remains untouched. Realizing that if they kill the crow they can kill Eric and the three of them hatch a plan. Having killed the last of the four who had murdered him and Shelly, Eric returns to the cemetery and visits Shelly's grave. Sarah meets him there to say goodbye and he gives her Shelly's engagement ring as a necklace. Sarah leaves the cemetery only to be abducted by Grange and taken to a local church where Top Dollar and Myca are hiding out. Through the crow, Eric sees that Sarah is in danger and goes to rescue her. The crow flies inside ahead of him but is sniped by Grange. Eric, not realizing what wounding the crow has done for his own invulnerability, accosts Top Dollar, saying he'll let him leave if he gives Sarah to Eric. Top Dollar shoots Eric, now no longer invincible and beats him; Sarah is taken to the upper levels of the church. Albrecht, having gone to the church to pay his respects, realizes what's happening & comes in shooting. He finds Eric on the floor and helps him towards the spiral staircase in the back. The wounded crow is picked up by Myca, who hopes to harness its mystical powers. Albrecht manages to shoot and kill Grange, but is wounded himself. He stays below as Eric ascends the stairs. Myca meets him halfway up, holding the crow at knifepoint, but the crow lunges up and pecks her eyes out, causing her to fall from the stairs to her death. Eric makes it to the roof where Top Dollar is holding Sarah. He pushes her off the roof though she manages to hold onto some scaffolding as Top Dollar and Eric fight. Distracted for a moment by Sarah's cries for help, Eric is stabbed through the back by Top Dollar who admits to having everything to do with Eric and Shelly's deaths, claiming that nothing goes on in their town without his say-so. He tell Eric that he's enjoyed their sparring & that he'll miss him, but before he can kill him, Eric grabs him and bestows his gratitude for Top Dollar's crimes: all of the thirty hours of pain Shelly had to endure at once. In agonizing pain, Top Dollar falls off the roof and is impaled on a gargoyle. Eric rescues Sarah and brings her to Albrecht who is soon taken to an ambulance. Eric then disappears from sight and crawls to Shelly's grave before passing out. Her spirit comes to him, sans face paint, and they are finally reunited. Later, Sarah visits Eric's grave, which has closed up once again. The crow stands on his headstone, holding Shelly's ring that Sarah lost during her abduction. The crow drops it in Sarah's hand. As it flies off into the night, Sarah narrates that, though buildings burn and people die, real love is forever. The film closes with the words "For Brandon and Eliza", a dedication to both Brandon Lee, who was accidentally killed during filming in 1993, and Eliza Hutton, who was Brandon's partner, until his death in 1993. 
 Laser Mission (1989)Summaries Action superstar Brandon Lee portrays rebellious government agent Michael Gold who is sent on a desperate mission to a Soviet-controlled African nation in order to uncover a top-secret laser weapons operation and destroy it. Mercenary Gold is sent from the CIA to seize the laser expert Braun in Cuba, before the KGB catches him. A recently stolen giant diamond could be used together with Braun's knowledge to construct a laser cannon which could bring power over the whole world. Who will succeed: CIA or KGB - or none of them? Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 