nm0005325:

 A Single Man (2009)541) An English professor, one year after the sudden death of his boyfriend, is unable to cope with his typical days in 1960s Los Angeles. It's November 30, 1962. Native Brit George Falconer, an English professor at a Los Angeles area college, is finding it difficult to cope with life. Jim, his personal partner of sixteen years, died in a car accident eight months earlier when he was visiting with family. Jim's family were not going to tell George of the death or accident, let alone allow him to attend the funeral. This day, George has decided to get his affairs in order before he will commit suicide that evening. As he routinely and fastidiously prepares for the suicide and post suicide, George reminisces about his life with Jim. But George spends this day with various people, who see a man sadder than usual and who affect his own thoughts about what he is going to do. Those people include Carlos, a Spanish immigrant/aspiring actor/gigolo recently arrived in Los Angeles; Charley, his best friend who he knew from England, she who is a drama queen of a woman who romantically desires her best friend despite his sexual orientation; and Kenny Potter, one of his students, who seems to be curious about his professor beyond English class. Huggo On what he plans will be the last day of his life, George Falconer reflects on his past, particularly on the death of his partner of 16 years, Jim, who was killed in a car crash some months before. He's decided to take his own life that evening and meticulously plans the event, hoping out loud that he can just make it through the day. He goes to his class, he's a college English professor, and stops at the bank to collect his insurance policies and other documents from his safe deposit box. He then lays everything out on his desk, writing notes to friends and his housekeeper. He fondly recalls meeting Jim at the end of World War II and their subsequent life together. Now, in October 1962 with the Cuban missile crisis upon them, George lectures his class on fear. As the time approaches for him to end it all, one of his students wants to spend time with him and his friend Charley, who he's known since his days in England, invites him for dinner where she obviously sees something is wrong. As the evening wears on, George reconsiders but fate intervenes. garykmcd London-bred greater L.A. literature professor George Falconer is shattered by the news his perfect gay partner, architect Jim, died in a car accident while visiting his Denver family, which won't even invite George for the funeral. The professor contemplates and elaborately prepares to leave the life he now considers meaningless, even after an opportunity to date hot Carlos from Madrid, no longer finding support with jealous, married neighbor-friend Charley, who also immigrated from England. Then his knavish-angelic student Kenny Potter, whom George presumed straight, cheekily but respectfully enters his life, rekindling a taste for joy as well as a fatherly sense of responsibility. But nature surprises them. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. George Falconer (Colin Firth) approaches a car accident in the middle of a snow-white scenery. There is a bloodied man there and he kisses him. He wakes up: he was dreaming about the moment when his partner of 16 years, Jim (Mathew Goode), died--though he was not there with him because Jim was visiting his disapproving family on his own. George remembers the phone ringing on that fateful day, when Jim's cousin told him about the fatal accident, and how George was not welcome to attend the funeral, because of the family's homophobia (common for the period and later). George remembers breaking down to Charley (Julianne Moore) that day, his best friend from his life in London, who had also relocated to LA; once briefly sexually attached to George before he was completely honest with himself, she may still feel attracted to him. George showers and dresses. It's November 30, 1962, the eve of the Cuban missile crisis. Though British, he is now a professor of English at UCLA. He is depressed, never having recovered from his loss; and when he leaves for work, he packs a gun in his briefcase. He tells his cleaning lady Alva (Paulette Lamori) that she has always been wonderful - in spite of her having forgotten to take out the bread from the fridge. George hugs her, which leaves her utterly confused. On campus, George notices a couple of students, chain-smoking Lois (Nicole Steinwedell) and a boy. One of the secretaries (Keri Lynn Pratt) tells him that she has given his address to some nice new student; it turns out to be this boy, Kenny Potter (Nicholas Hoult), who talks to him after class about the speech George has just given out in the classroom concerning minorities and fear. Kenny discusses recreational drug use with Kenny who tells him that he had never heard George express himself so openly in class as he had that day. He buys George a pencil sharpener as a token of gratitude for George's talking with him. George phones Charley, who is dressing for the dinner they have planned at her home. George gets into his car, and picks his gun after having cleaned up his office. However, Kenny appears once again, and invites him to go for a drink, observing George's depression and having noticed that he has cleaned out the desk in his office. George tells him it will have to be some other time. He goes to the bank to pick up various things from his safe deposit box, and when looking at a photo of his deceased lover, recalls a conversation with him on the beach. After buying some bullets, he goes to a convenience store. There, Carlos (Jon Kortajarena) bumps onto him, breaking the bottle of Scotch he has just bought. George buys a new bottle of Scotch and they talk. They smoke a few cigarettes and drink a bottle of gin together. George leaves, refusing Carlos' offer of company, saying that this is a serious day for him and that he's trying to get over an old love. At home, he puts on a record and remembers a conversation with Jim while each one was reading a different book on a couch. He pretends shooting himself as practice for later that night, but in a semi-comic scene, can't find the best position in which to accomplish it. Charley calls to remind him of their dinner plans, which he grudgingly attends after leaving a note and some money for Alva. They dance and talk about London, life, Charley's ex-husband's abandonment, and she offends George by suggesting that they might have had a "normal" life together if he hadn't been a "poof." Charley says George doesn't look well, reminding him of the heart attack he suffered near the time of Jim's death. Charley tries to convince George to spend the night at her home, but he leaves. The scene flashes back to 1946 when Jim and George had met when at a bar. Jim was on leave from the Navy, right after the second world war. Returning to1962, we see George returning to the same bar, near his home; now a quiet place where he asks for a Scotch. Kenny has followed him there. They talk and then go to the beach and swim naked. They go to George's place. As George's forehead is bleeding, Kenny tends to it, and sees in the medicine's cabinet a nude photo of Jim. George sees Kenny strip off his wet clothes, but does nothing. Kenny says that he and Lois are not romantically involved. Not unlike George and Charley in the distant past, Kenny explains that they had a brief sexual liaison. Kenny and George do not have sex, and Kenny stays on the couch, given the very late hour. George wakes in a few hours, and finds his gun under Kenny's covers and removes it, locking it up as Kenny sleeps. When he returns to bed, George dies of a heart attack, seeing the image of Jim kissing his forehead. 
 America's Sweethearts (2001)55) A movie publicist deals with the messy public split of his movie's co-stars while keeping reporters at bay while a reclusive director holds the film's print hostage. In the midst of a nasty public breakup of married movie stars, a studio publicist scrambles to put a cap on the escalating situation as the couple's latest film has found its only print kidnapped by the director. MonkeyKingMA America's favorite couple, in movies as well as in real life, has broken up: Gwen has fallen in love with Latin actor Hector, Eddie can't take it no more and has taken quite some time off in the lush gardens of a leading wellness guru. But there is a problem: The latest movie of Gwen & Eddie ("Time over Time") is being held hostage by its director Hal Weidmann. His only request is that it is shown to the press first, not even producer and studio boss David Kingman may take a look at it. Kingman now entrusts PR wizard Lee Philips, whom he just had fired, to organize a press junket that none of the journalists will ever forget - just to distract the press from the fact that the film itself won't be shown at all. Therefore, Lee somehow has to bring Gwen and Eddie back together, at least for that one weekend, in a lonely hotel resort in the Nevada desert. Not quite everything works out the way Lee wanted it to, since Gwen's sister and assistant Kiki also has a mind of her own. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> After they've broken up, a married movie star couple still has to go out and promote the movie they made together while they were in love, even though they now hate each other. To keep the junket from falling apart when the print of their film doesn't show up, the film's publicist tries to divert attention by concocting the story of the couple's reunion, that everything's still hunky-dory between them... when in fact, the actor is actually in love with his wife's formerly fat assistant, and the actress has found a new beau named Hector. <Laffz00@aol.com> Gwen and Eddie were at one time Hollywood's premier couple on and off the screen. But during the filming of their latest movie, Gwen took up with a Latin guy she met on the set. She and Eddie have since split up. Now their movie is ready to be shown but the director will only first show it at the press junket. But the studio boss, concerned of what the movie will be, instructs Lee his P.R. man to handle to junket and to try and distract the press from asking about the movie by making them think that Gwen and Eddie are back together. Only problem is that he just fired Lee, but after giving in to Lee's demands he agrees. Lee enlists the aid of Gwen's assistant, Kiki, who is her sister to help. When they get to the junket, things are still tense between them. And Kiki is trying hard to keep in check her feelings for Eddie. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Drive Me Crazy (1999)44) Nicole and Chase used to be BFFs, then junior high happened. The high school centennial dance is coming but Nicole gets dumped. So does Chase. They stage a relationship to get at their exes. They visit each other's worlds. Love in the air? Nicole (Melissa Joan Hart) and Chase (Adrian Grenier) are neighbors but are from two very different worlds. Despite their differences their love lives have a common theme. Their most recent plans for love have fallen through putting them both in a desperate state to fix them. Both Nicole and Chase conspire to pretend to find a romantic interest in each other, with the hopes of attracting the "ones who got away" from them. Leading up to the big school dance, Chase and Nicole find that their scam worked out better than they had planned. Nicole Maris is a popular high school preppy senior in Utah who gets her life turned upside down when her perfect date, Brad, falls for a cute cheerleader from another school a month before the school's centennial senior prom. After recovering from the shock, Nicole comes up with a solution to save her reputation: find a guy to appear like they're going steady and to take her to the dance hoping to make Brad jealous. Nicole then hooks up with her next door neighbor, prankster and trouble maker Chase Hammond, and tries to model him in her own image while he's looking to make his long-term girlfriend Dulcie jealous too. However, both Nicole and Chase don't expect their charade to lead it where they never expected it to. Matt Patay Nicole is popular and stylish and has her sights set on one thing, the gala centennial celebration theme for the prom. She has always been into doing good for the planet. Her second sights are on a date to escort her. But when her dream date invites another girl, Nicole must act fast to find a substitute. She decides to go low and asks her grungy next door neighbor to take her there. But first, he needs a little work done to himself. She gives him a fashion make over to show his true handsome self. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jack & Bobby (20042005)44) The early life of Bobby McCallister, a progressive President of the United States from 2041 to 2049, is explored. Faux documentary series from 2049 about Bobby McCallister, the US president elected eight years earlier, and his older brother Jack. Talking head interviews with Bobby's staff are combined with reenactment footage of the McCallisters' teenage years, dealing with a pot smoking mother and typical high school drama. Also explored is Jack's tentative romance with Courtney Benedict. rmlohner Two brothers, one of whom will grow up to be the President of the United States. The story is set in present day, but also told through retrospective interviews with White House staffers and the First Lady. accordcanada The youth of the future US president Bobby McCallister (interspersed with interviews with his White House in-crowd, given eight years later, in 2049). Bobby grew up depending largely on his elder brother Jack, a popular athlete and altruist. They are raised solely by their mother, Grace, a professor who pretends to know everything and attempts to improve the world, but is a hopeless housewife. Grace is nearly always wrong and gives the worst advice to her boys while simultaneously messing up their private lives. The boys wrestle with ethics beyond their years, as well as normal high-school problems such as dating. Slowly their family past and future become revealed. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 