nm0009550:

 Red Heat (1988)431) A tough Russian policeman is forced to partner up with a cocky Chicago police detective when he is sent to Chicago to apprehend a Georgian drug lord who killed his partner and fled the country. A mutually uneasy alliance is formed between the stern Captain Ivan Danko of the Moscow Police and his American equivalent, the Chicago Detective Art Ridzik when the latter captures Viktor Rostavili, a dangerous Georgian drug kingpin. With his partner murdered by Viktor's hands, Ivan lands in Chicago to extradite the crime lord back to Russia, however, when he manages to escape, a frenzied chase in the bustling downtown will begin. In the end, to bring down the ruthless criminal, are the two reluctant comrades who are worlds apart willing to put their differences aside? Nick Riganas Arnold Schwarzenegger plays a Russian policeman sent after a Georgian drug dealer who has escaped to the United States and is awaiting extradition in Chicago. Jim Belushi plays his temporary partner on the Chicago police. When the drug dealer escapes, the two police must overcome their differences in order to recapture him. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Captain Ivan Danko of the Moscow Militia sets a trap for Viktor Rostavili, a Georgian drug kingpin and crime lord. The ambush severely backfires; Viktor flees the Soviet Union and comes to the USA, after gunning down several other Moscow cops, including Danko's partner. Loudmouthed Chicago Police Department Detective-Sergeant Art Ridzik, investigates several local murders committed by Viktor's cartel. When Viktor is arrested in Chicago, Danko is despatched to escort him back to Moscow to face justice in the Soviet Union. Unexpectedly, Danko and Ridzik find themselves partnered together when Viktor escapes custody, gunning down Ridzik's partner in the process. Danko is frustrated when his lack of a diplomatic license prohibits him from carrying a weapon. He shares his candid observations with Ridzik: "This Chicago is very strange city. Your crime is organized, but your police is not." Danko and Ridzik pursue Viktor and his henchmen around Chicago. Finally, Danko and Viktor commandeer a couple of Greyhound buses, then engage in a high-speed chase, smashing up half of Chicago in the process, with no sign of the cops...until Viktor is side-slammed by a train. He takes on Danko in a running, Texas-style shootout (Danko uses a Smith & Wesson Model 29 .44 Magnum given to him by Ridzik); Viktor is gunned down. Danko returns to Moscow after exchanging wristwatches with Ridzik as an act of goodwill. 
 Risky Business (1983)Summaries A Chicago teenager is looking for fun at home while his parents are away, but the situation quickly gets out of hand. A suburban Chicago teenager's parents leave on vacation, and he cuts loose. An unauthorised trip in his father's Porsche means a sudden need for lots of money, which he raises in a creative way. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Left alone in the wealthy northern Chicago suburbs with the family house and Porsche at his disposal, Joel, through his scheming friends, finds himself entertaining to-die-for lady-of-the-night Lana. After meeting Joel's enthusiastic friends, Lana spots a business opportunity, and suggests bringing in some of her equally stunning colleagues. Joel is aghast at such an idea, at least until the Porsche accidentally falls into Lake Michigan, requiring a quick infusion of ready cash. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mysterious Skin (2004)321) A teenage hustler and a young man obsessed with alien abductions cross paths, together discovering a horrible, liberating truth. Brian Lackey is determined to discover what happened during an amnesia blackout when he was eight years old, and then later woke with a bloody nose. He believes he was abducted by aliens, and N. McCormick, a fellow player on Brian's childhood baseball team, may be the key as to exactly what happened that night. As Brian searches for the truth and tries to track him down, Neil McCormick takes up hustling and moves to New York, in attempts to forget childhood memories that haunt him. Together, the two of them uncover the terrible truth of the scars they share. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. *The beginning of the movie is told from the main characters' point of view, i.e. Neil (Joseph Gordon-Levitt) and Brian (Brady Corbet), so for the beginning this will be told in an omniscient sort of view. I also might over explain things. Sorry.* Summer of 1981: The movie opens with an 8 year old Brian Lackey in the crawlspace of his house. It's dark and his nose is bleeding, though he doesn't seem to notice it, or anything for that matter. He tells us that 5 hours disappeared from his life. The last thing he could remember was sitting on the bench at his Little League game; it started to rain. After that, nothing. His sister, Deborah (Rachel Kraft), finds him and realizes his bloody nose. When their mom (Lisa Long) gets home Brian rushes over. You can see an overbearing mother, still calling brian a "poor little baby", but you can also see an annoyed father (Chris Mulkey) on the couch. His mom then gives him a bath, saying she knew he would get hurt playing sports, but the dad is disappointed with Brian saying he's a quitter. His mom makes him quit baseball the next day. When Brian's asleep we see him dreaming; he's lying on this strange looking surface while still in uniform. The screen shows a blue light before a shadowy figure passes in front of it. Brian wakes up startled, saying this was when the nightmares, the nose bleeds, the bed wetting, and the black outs all began. One night when the TV won't work quite right, Brian sees a bright blue light over the tree tops. Deborah thinks it's a UFO, but the mom thinks it's just a weather balloon. They go on the roof to look at this thing, which does in fact look like a UFO (I'm not really sure what it is). He finishes the scene by telling us those were the two things he'd never forget; the crawlspace and the UFO. Summer 1981: The movie then switches to Neil, also age 8. He's looking out his window, watching his mom (Elizabeth Shue) and her boyfriend, Alfred (David Smith). Neil masturbates while watching his mom give Alfred oral sex. When he orgasms it's the first time something came out. He couldn't wait to show Coach (Bill Sage). At the beginning of summer his mom signed him up for Little League. When he sees Coach he says he looked like the life guards, cowboys, and firemen he'd seen in the Playgirls his mom hid under the bed (Suggesting Neil's gay). He becomes the star player fast, but it wasn't much considering the other kids were terrible; Brian being the worst. During the first game, Neil scores big, saying the only thing that mattered was making Coach proud. After the first victory Coach calls saying he's taking the team out to celebrate, but when the doorbell rings, it's just him. Coach takes Neil to see a movie, then to his house with pizza. By Neil's standards, the house is awesome since there's a huge TV with his favorite video games. They play Astroid and make small talk until the Coach wants to record Neil's voice. He takes Polaroid's of Neil making various faces. Neil goes to Coach's again after another baseball game. Coach shows him the album full of Polaroids he took last time. Coach then shows him his cabinet full of food, and they proceed to each mini cereal boxes. Neil's box bursts open spilling cereal everywhere, but Coach uses this opportunity to throw his cereal everywhere and he ends up kissing Neil, telling him everything is going to be ok. October 1983: It's Halloween and Neil introduces us to his new friend Wendy (Michelle Trachtenberg), they decide to play a prank on a mentally challenged kid; Neil places small fireworks in the kids mouth and sets them off. He gives the kid oral sex in order to "win him over." Brian on the other hand gets bullied, breaking his glasses and running for the woods. He sees a shadowy figure and we see his nose bleeding and him passing out. November 1986: Neil's 15 and turning tricks in the park. His tricks are always older men that somewhat resemble Coach. Neil shows Wendy what his latest trick did to his merchandise, which causes Wendy to always worry about Neil tricking with the wrong guy, but Neil is carefree. Fall 1991: what? 
 Big Stan (2007)321) A weak con man panics when he learns he's going to prison for fraud. He hires a mysterious martial arts guru who helps transform him into a martial arts expert who can fight off inmates who want to hurt or love him. The fraudulent real state agent Stan is married with his beloved Mindy and has a seven million dollar fortune. When he is arrested for fraud, he is sentenced to three years in prison and his assets are frozen by the justice. However, his crooked lawyer Lew Popper negotiates a six month freedom, and the weak Stan, who is afraid of being raped in prison, hires the specialist in martial arts The Master to teach him self-defense. Six months later, Big Stan is sent to the Oaksburgh State Penitentiary totally confident in his expertise in martial arts. He challenges the violent leaders of the gangs and defeats them, being respected by the inmates and bringing peace in the patio. However, the dirty Warden Gasque has the intention of transforming the penitentiary in a luxury resort, and uses Big Stan knowledge to improve his project, promising to release him sooner using the corrupt penal system. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A real estate con artist named Stan Minton (Rob Schneider) panics when he learns that he's going to prison for fraud. Stan's fear of jailhouse rape leads him to hire a mysterious guru (David Carradine) who helps transform him into a creative martial-arts expert. After his incarceration, Stan uses his newfound skills to intimidate his fellow prisoners. He gains their respect, and eventually becomes their leader, bringing peace and harmony to the prison yard. But the corrupt warden has an elaborate plan that could help him turn a profit by turning the prison into a war zone, and Stan is the only thing standing in the way. 