nm0004712:

 The Affair (20142019)321) A struggling novelist and a young waitress strike up an extramarital relationship that promises to forever change the course of their lives. At once deeply observed and intriguingly elusive, The Affair explores the emotional effects of an extramarital relationship. Noah is a New York City schoolteacher and budding novelist with a wife of twenty years and four children. Alison is a young waitress and wife from Montauk at the end of Long Island, trying to piece her life back together in the wake of a tragedy. The provocative drama unfolds separately from multiple perspectives, using the distinct memory biases of each character to tell the story. Created by Sarah Treem. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At once deeply observed and intriguingly elusive, THE AFFAIR explores the emotional effects of an extramarital relationship. Noah is a New York City schoolteacher and novelist who is happily married, but resents his dependence on his wealthy father-in-law. Alison is a young waitress trying to piece her life and marriage back together in the wake of a tragedy. The provocative drama unfolds when Alison and Noah meet in Montauk at the end of Long Island. 
 Hustlers (2019)211) Inspired by the viral New York Magazine article, Hustlers follows a crew of savvy former strip club employees who band together to turn the tables on their Wall Street clients. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2007, Destiny (Constance Wu) begins her job at a strip club. As the new girl, she makes a little bit of money, but after having to pay out multiple people at the club, there's not that much left over. She goes home to her grandmother who has raised her since she was abandoned by her mother as a child and uses the little money she has left to help take care of her. In the present day, Destiny is being interviewed by Elizabeth (Julia Stiles), a reporter working on an article about everything that happened with the strippers. Destiny tells her about meeting Ramona Vega (Jennifer Lopez) - one day at the club, she witnesses Ramona doing an incredible strip routine and making dollars upon dollars. Destiny follows Ramona up to the roof of the building where she's smoking a cigarette, and asks if she can have a light. Ramona wraps her in her fur coat since it's cold, and the two get to know each other a bit. Ramona offers to help Destiny learn the craft of stripping and learn how to make big money. With the help of Diamond (Cardi B), she teaches her the moves, but she also teaches her about the way of the land: what kind of men will pay what and how to maximize profits. The two become very close, and Destiny meet's Ramona's young daughter who she's single-handedly taking care of. Destiny takes after Ramona and starts doing very well financially, able to take care of her grandmother. She has clients buying her computers and taking excellent care of her. One night, Usher comes into the club, and the DJ plays Usher songs and all the girls - including Mercedes (Keke Palmer), Liz (Lizzo), Tracey (Trace Lysette) go out and dance for him. Destiny says it was one of the best times she ever had. Then, in 2008, the recession hits and hits Wall Street especially hard. Wall Street types were the bread and butter of the industry, and now many of them either have little or no many to spend or spend much less. The club becomes a bit of a ghost town. Destiny meets and starts dating a man who quickly gets her pregnant and she stops working at the club. In 2011, Destiny gets into a screaming breakup with her boyfriend and kicks him out for good. Now faced with providing for her daughter and her grandmother, Destiny calls her old client who bought her the computer - only to find he's now married and can't take give her anything. She tries to get a job in retail, but the interviewer finds her resume unimpressive. She reluctantly returns to the club, but finds it much different - the club mom (Mercedes Ruehl) explains that times have changed - many of her friends are gone, now replaced with Russian girls who will provide sexual favors (something the old girls didn't do) for cheaper than ever, and business is low - there's less money to be made. Destiny is in an extremely low place when she runs into Ramona, and the two happily reunite. They got out to a diner to catch up. Ramona tells her what she's been up to: Ramona and Mercedes had gotten regular jobs in retail, but the money was barely enough and Ramona's boss is degrading to her. One night at the club, Ramona finds Annabelle (Lili Reinhart), crying alone in the dressing room. Her family has disowned her after finding out she works there. Ramona saw a business opportunity - to go "fishing". Since there was no business in the club, she would go and find men to bring. She recruits Mercedes and Annabelle, and the three of them would go to a bar, find an eligible man, then ply him with drinks and bring him back to the club where they would run up his credit card and keep a percentage of whatever he spends. This worked pretty well, but sometimes Ramona would dose the man's drink with a mix of ketamine and MDMA (ecstasy) and then get him to the club and run up his credit card. Ramona asks Destiny if she wants in: she says yes, as long as no one gets hurt. Everything goes well. Ramona, Destiny, Mercedes and Annabelle are making wads of cash. They end up needing to recruit more girls to the team in order to handle all the business. Ramona has a lavish Christmas party for everyone, and Destiny brings her grandmother. They all give each other presents and laugh together, a makeshift family. But soon, around 2013, other girls start copying their business plan at the club. Ramona wonders why they have to cut the clubs in on anything, and decides instead to instead begin working out of hotels or other venues they control - more money, but also less safety. They have to recruit even more girls who they can't vet, like the shifty Dawn (Madeline Brewer). Ramona and Destiny argue over methods - Ramona will run up a guy's credit card to the limit on the first night, assuring he'll never come back, even though Destiny knows that man could have been a repeat client. Because of this, they burn through their regulars and have to find new, potentially untrustworthy clients. One night, Destiny gets a panicked call from Mercedes. A client on drugs jumped off his roof and missed his pool, landing on the concrete. Destiny tries to reach Ramona, but can't get a hold of her. Destiny and Annabelle go over and help Mercedes get the naked client into a car and they drop him off at the hospital. Destiny returns, in full a trashy outfit with blood on it, to drop her daughter off at school. After that full ordeal, she returns home to find her grandmother has passed away. At the funeral, Ramona holds Destiny as she cries. Elizabeth asks Destiny if Doug was the last straw for her - Doug was a genuinely nice guy who had been through a terrible series of events - his house was destroyed in a disaster and his wife abandoned him and his special-needs child. After the girls drug him and run up his credit card, he calls back, pleading with Destiny to refund his card so he can pay his mortgage. Destiny begins to feel bad and Ramona rips the phone away from her, calling her an ungrateful bitch. Doug, meanwhile, reaches out to the police. One of the cards they racked up was a corporate card and he has lost his job. They laugh him off initially, but he has evidence - a recording of his phone call with the girls. The police pick up Dawn and flip her incredibly easily - she wears a wire and participates in a sting operation. Another client comes forward, and eventually the police have enough evidence. They arrest Destiny, Ramona, Mercedes, and Annabelle. The police pressure Destiny that if she doesn't flip on the others, she'll never see her daughter again. Once they're released, Ramona tells Destiny she's getting them a lawyer, but Destiny tells her she took the deal, for her daughter. Ramona is furious at her, but mostly sad. The two hug and cry, knowing this is the end for them and their pseudo mother-daughter relationship, and Ramona leaves her behind. After the article comes out, Destiny calls Elizabeth, knowing she interviewed Ramona, and wants to know all the horrible things Ramona said about her. But Elizabeth tells her the truth - when she went to see Ramona, working at her new regular job, she still had a picture of Destiny in her wallet, like a proud mother. Destiny cries, and Elizabeth tells her she should reach out to her. In an on-screen closing text, we learn that Destiny avoided jail, Mercedes and Annabelle got probation and a few weekends in jail, and Ramona got five years probation. In the final shot, we see the four women joyfully dancing during their heyday of the scheme. 
 This Is 40 (2012)431) Pete and Debbie are both about to turn 40, their kids hate each other, both of their businesses are failing, they're on the verge of losing their house, and their relationship is threatening to fall apart. Pete ( Paul Rudd ) and Debbie ( Leslie Mann ) are turning 40. But instead of celebrating, they're mired in a mid-life crisis with unruly kids, debt and unhappiness mounding. Pete's record label is failing and Debbie is unable to come to terms with her aging body. As Pete's 40th birthday party arrives, Pete and Debbie are going to have to rely on family, friends, employees, fitness trainers, aging rockers and ultimately each other to come to terms with life at age 40. napierslogs As the movie opens, Debbie is turning 40 but tells everybody she's younger. She runs a small, boutique clothing store that's breaking even financially, while Pete manages a retro-minded indie-music label that's under serious financial strain just as they are trying to launch a new album by Graham Parker. Their money troubles are compounded by Pete's dad Larry (Albert Brooks), who continually hits up his son for cash because he has toddler triplets after an overly successful fertilization treatment with his younger second wife. Debbie has daddy issues as well. Her father (John Lithgow), an emotionally cold, highly successful surgeon, seems to want no part of his daughter's life, even though they meet for lunch occasionally after not talking to each other for a lengthy period of time. All of these people, along with Debbie's trainer, Pete's employees, and salesgirls from Debbie's boutique, arrive at the couple's beautiful home for a birthday party where all the familial wounds are opened. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with Pete (Paul Rudd) and Debbie (Leslie Mann) having sex in the shower. Pete reveals that he took a Viagra pill given to him by his friend Barry (Rob Smigel); this enrages Debbie and they stop. Debbie is angered that she is turning 40. In the five years since the previous film 'Knocked Up', Debbie owns a boutique store with Desi (Megan Fox) and Jodi (Charlyne Yi) working for her. Pete owns his own record label, with his friends Ronnie (Chris O'Dowd) and Cat (Lena Dunham) working with him. Pete's business is struggling financially as he promotes the reunion of Graham Parker & The Rumour. The couple also are having to deal with their daughters; Sadie, now age 13, and eight-year-old Charlotte. For Debbie's birthday, the couple goes on a romantic weekend to a resort. There they get high from eating marijuana cookies, and fantasize out loud about ways they would kill each other. After speaking with her friends Jason (Jason Segel) and Barb (Annie Mumolo), Debbie decides to improve her marriage and family through exercise, and becoming more connected with her parents. Debbie tells Pete that he needs to stop lending his deadbeat father, Larry (Albert Brooks), money, because it is hurting them financially. Pete goes to visit him, but is unsuccessful at giving him the news, and still agrees to give him money. Meanwhile, Debbie visits her gynecologist (Tim Bagley), and discovers that she is pregnant. She decides not to tell Pete about this. Later, Debbie yells at a student, named Joseph (Ryan Lee), who has been bullying and taunting Sadie. She yells at him so much that Joseph's mother, Catherine (Melissa McCarthy), gets into an argument with Pete. They later have a meeting with the principal, but the couple denies everything that happened. The couple is overjoyed when Catherine starts using the same language they used previously and the principal dismisses them. One night between the school taunting sequences, Debbie takes Desi out dancing at a club, planning to confront her with her suspicions that she has been stealing money from the store. Debbie and Desi meet several players from the Philadelphia Flyers hockey team at the pub. Debbie awkwardly finds out that one of the players wants to hang out with her and possibly sleep with her. She is proud that he wants to have sex with her, but admits that she is married, has two kids, and is pregnant. Afterwards, Debbie drops Desi off at her house and confronts her about the missing money. Desi reveals she is able to afford nice things because she is also an escort. Later, Debbie meets up with Jodi, who confesses that she was the one who stole the money to buy Oxycontin. Debbie fires her and leaves. Meanwhile, Pete and Debbie are having to deal with Sadie and Charlotte fighting all the time, which results in arguments between the family. On Pete's 40th birthday party, he argues with his dad, Larry, about the money he wants from them. Debbie argues with her own dad, Oliver (John Lithgow), about not spending enough much time in her life, and how his is perfect. Oliver then explains that his life is not perfect, and how he has always cared about her and loved her. Later, Pete overhears Debbie talking about her pregnancy, and rides out of the house on his bicycle in anger. Debbie and Larry then go after Pete, trying to find him. Soon, they find that he wrecked after hitting his head on a car door. Pete then gets into an argument with the driver of the car who then punches him in the stomach. Debbie and Larry take Pete to the hospital, where Larry and Debbie reconcile, with Larry advising Debbie that it's because of her, that she keeps the family together. Debbie and Pete talk later and Pete explains that he is actually thrilled about having a third baby, and that he doesn't feel trapped, so the two reconcile. Sometime later, Pete and Debbie are watching a small concert with Ryan Adams performing. Debbie then suggests that Pete should sign him to his label and plan to talk to him as they finish watching the show. After the main credits roll, there's an extended alternate take of Catherine ad-libbing insults during the conversation with Debbie, Pete, and the principal. 
 Pleasantville (1998)431) Two 1990s teenage siblings find themselves in a 1950s sitcom, where their influence begins to profoundly change that complacent world. David Wagner is a kid whose mind is stuck in the 1950s. He's addicted to a classic 50's sitcom television show called "Pleasantville". Pleasantville is a simple place, a place where all of its citizens are swell and simple-minded folks, a place where the word "violence", and life outside of Pleasantville, is unbeknownst to its inhabitants; things are perfect down in Pleasantville. One evening, the life of David and his obnoxious sister Jennifer take a bizarre turn when an eccentric repairman hand them a supposed magical remote. After a quarrel between the siblings, they inexplicably zap themselves into the world of "Pleasantville". Now, David and Jennifer must adjust to a 50s lifestyle of repressed desires and considerably different societal values while trying to find their way home. Kyle Perez David, nerdy high school student, flees reality by watching Pleasantville - a 1950's b&w sit-com, where everything is just that... pleasant. His sister Jennifer, sexually far more active than her brother, gets in a fight with him about a very strange remote control. The remote was given to them just seconds after the TV broke, by an equally strange repair man. They suddenly find themselves in Pleasantville, as Bud and Mary-Sue Parker, completely assimilated and therefore black and white, in clothes a little different and with new parents... pleasant ones. David wants to get out of the situation as well as his sister, but whereas he tries to blend in (effortlessly, with his knowledge), she does whatever she wants to do. One event leads to the other, and suddenly there is a red rose growing in Pleasantville. The more rules are broken, the more colorful life gets in Pleasantville, USA. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. David (Tobey Maguire) and Jennifer (Reese Witherspoon) are twins and attend the same high school. Jennifer is concerned mainly with her appearance, relationships and popularity, while David watches a lot of television, has few friends, and is socially awkward. Their mother (Jane Kaczmarek) leaves Jennifer and David alone at home while she heads out of town for a rendezvous with her younger boyfriend. The twins begin to fight over the use of the downstairs TV; Jennifer wants to watch an MTV concert with her date, Mark Davis, while David hopes to watch a marathon of his favorite show, Pleasantville. Pleasantville is a black-and-white '50s sitcom, a cross between Leave It to Beaver and Father Knows Best that centers around the idyllic Parker family George (William H. Macy), his wife Betty (Joan Allen), and their two children, Bud and Mary Sue. David is an expert on every episode and wants to watch the marathon so he can win a $1,000 trivia contest. During the fight between David and Jennifer, the remote control breaks and the TV cannot be turned on manually. A mysterious TV repairman (Don Knotts) shows up uninvited, and quizzes David on Pleasantville before giving him a strange-looking, retro-styled remote control. The repairman leaves, and David and Jennifer promptly resume fighting. However, through some mechanism of the remote control, they are transported into the television, ending up in the Parkers' black and white Pleasantville living room. David tries to reason with the repairman (who communicates with him through the Parkers' TV set) but succeeds only in chasing him away. David and Jennifer must now pretend they are, respectively, Bud and Mary Sue Parker. Jennifer is dismayed to be stranded, but she and David begin exposing the town to issues such as sex, personal freedoms, styles of art, and literature. Pleasantville soon begins changing at a rapid pace, and previously black and white objects and people begin to develop full and vibrant colors. After initially wanting to leave, David discovers a sense of belonging he lacked in the real world, so when the TV repairman returns and berates him for altering the show so much, David turns off the TV, relinquishing his ability to go home in the process. While the mayor is concerned, people in Pleasantville begin to explore hidden abilities and revel in their new freedoms. The town fathers, who see the changes as eating away at the town's moral values, remain unchanged. Certain youths, such as Skip and Whitey and their friends, also remain unaffected. They resolve to do something about their increasingly distant wives and disaffected youths. Behavior similar to Nazism, as well as racial segregation and subsequent rioting similar to that of the African-American Civil Rights Movement start to occur, incited by a nude painting of Betty on the window of Bud's boss Bill Johnsons soda shop; the window is smashed with a park bench, and the soda shop is destroyed, books are burned, and anyone who is "colored" is harassed in the streets. Bud begins to grow into a strong leader, advocating resistance to the new "Pleasantville Code of Conduct", a list of regulations preventing people from visiting the library and Lovers' Lane, playing loud music, or using colorful paints. Bud/David and Bill are arrested and tried in court for violating the paint rules, but ultimately everyone in the court room changes colors and Mayor Bob leaves in horror when he is exposed as having changed as well. Eventually, the entire town becomes colored, and the people of Pleasantville are finally introduced to the rest of the world. Televisions at the television repair shop now display full-colored images of various scenic vistas around the world, and Main Street, which had previously been a circuit that led back to its beginning again, now leads away to other towns and cities. Jennifer chooses to stay behind in neighboring Springfield, while says goodbye to Betty and his new girlfriend David returns home using the remote control after promising to return and check up on her soon. He finds his mother crying in the kitchen, distraught over her life and her failed relationship. She complains to him that her life was not supposed to run this undesirable course. David replies, "It's not 'supposed' to be 'anything'." Back in Pleasantville, the citizens and Jennifer are enjoying their new freedoms and colors. Betty is seen sitting next to George on a park bench. George asks what will happen next and Betty admits incredulously that she doesn't know. When she asks George, he laughs upon realizing that he doesn't know either. The camera focuses on Betty for a second as she relaxes against the bench, then she turns once more toward the other side of the bench. The camera pans to the side to reveal Bill Johnson sitting where George had been. He says "I guess I don't know either," and smiles. 