nm0010824:

 Curly Sue (1991)321) A homeless man and his young companion, who survive by conning people, meet a woman who may need them even more than they need her. Bill Dancer and his young companion Curly Sue are the classic homeless folks with hearts of gold. Their scams are aimed not at turning a profit, but at getting enough to eat. When they scam the rich and beautiful Grey Ellison into believing she backed her Mercedes into Bill, they're only hoping for a free meal. But Grey is touched, and over the objections of her snotty fiance, insist on putting the two up for the night. As they get to know each other, Bill becomes convinced that this is where Curly Sue belongs - in a home, cared for by someone that can give her the advantages that his homeless, nomadic existence lacks. He plans to leave the young girl in the care of Grey and take off.... but Curly Sue has other ideas! Rick Munoz <rick.munoz@his.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This film starts with the bag with alot of stuff in it. And somebody taking the stuff out of it for the baby that was shown in baby's crib.After few scenes,it shows a man holding the baby feeding her.Hes the one taking stuff out of the bag for her.But wheres the mother?It will shows scenes that he was taking care of her.few years later,they were on the road,looking for somebody to take them somewhere.She drew the picture of her fingers.Scene goes back to them walking.then she drew a ring on her finger on the picture.showing that she really put it on. Now shes a 9 or 10 year old girl name curly sue with her father...seriously wheres her mother?they are driv....riding in the car on the train somewhere. The next scene will be in a metropolitan city where the blond hair lady is with her consumer ms. Arnold about her husband. the next scene, curly and her dad riding up this elevator thing.still no sign of her mom.They are walking again.Stopping by a fancy restuarant.but they got kicked out due to him have no tie. Next scene, the Grey the blonde hair lady is talking a guy.and blonde hair lady consumer husband name is frank. Next scene, Curly dad wants her to hit him with the plank very hard. Next scene,grey went to the garage to get her car.As she pulling out,curly sue wack the car and her dad very hard again.Pranking that grey ran over her dad so they can have dinner. Next scene, a guy said"this is a goddamn joke and look at his watch. Next scene,the camera showed a restuarant where curly,her dad and grey are eating at for dinner. Grey called that guy and he asked where she been.She told him that he hit a man with her car.hes furious and rush to check up on her.he saw her with a kid and her father.her dad was name bill aka william dancer.he said that he doesnt have a mom.and she doesnt have a mom.He told her to wash her hands and brush her teeth. Next scene,Grey and her boyfriend are at this banquet or whatever.and she started to feel bad for the man she ran over.while curly and bill are walking.They slept in chuch.where the old man stole curly's ring.The old man sold her ring. Next scene,they walking and he felt sorry for her ring.decide to buy her a new ring.But she doesnt need it. Next scene,grey and her boyfriend are talking about arnolds divorce. Next scene, they are inside the church.Talking about bill getting a job and go to art museum.But she decline that. So he decided to take her to school.But cant due to bill doesnt have her in legal custody. And she tells him that if they got the money from grey,they would be on the road. But grey was too smart and pretty to steal. 
 Swim Team (1979)Summaries A new swimming coach is hired to break a team's seven-year losing streak. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Blue Yonder (1985 TV Movie)Summaries Have you ever thought of traveling through time, going forward or backward to any date? That's the intriguing question aviator and inventor Max Knickerbocker asks Jonathan Knicks. Max is unaware that Jonathan is his grandson, already an adventurous time traveller, thanks to a machine built by his neighbor, Henry Coogan. Can Jonathan save his grandfather from a fatal solo flight across the Atlantic and alter the course of history? Rick Brownlie <rick@cougar.multiline.com.au> Jonathan Knicks, a Little League baseball player and fan of airplanes and flying, travels back in time to 1927, using his elderly neighbor's time machine to try to stop his young-at-the-time grandfather, Max Knickerbocker, a pilot and craftsman who is planning to fly across the Atlantic, which will cost him his life. Matthew Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Antarctica (1983)Summaries Two Japanese scientists, Ushioda and Ochi, develop a bond with their sled dogs while on an expedition in Antarctica. Ushioda and Ochi eventually leave Antarctica, only to return to search for the dogs inadvertently marooned there. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 