nm0001035:

 The Thin Red Line (1998)541) Adaptation of James Jones ' autobiographical 1962 novel, focusing on the conflict at Guadalcanal during the second World War. U.S. Army Private Witt (AWOL) is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company First Sergeant, Welsh.The men of C Company,1st Battalion,27th Infantry Regiment,25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position. Their task is to capture the hill at all costs. What happens next is a story of redemption and the meaninglessness of war. Regardless of the outcome. Frank Liesenborgs / Hans Delbruck In World War II, the outcome of the battle of Guadalcanal will strongly influence the Japanese advance into the Pacific theater. A group of young soldiers are brought in as a relief for the battle-weary Marines. The exhausting fight for a strategically-positioned airfield that allows control over a 1000-mile radius puts the men of the Army rifle company C-for-Charlie through hell. The horrors of war form the soldiers into a tight-knit group; their emotions develop into bonds of love and even family. The reasons for this war get further away as the world for the men gets smaller and smaller until their fighting is for mere survival and the life of the other men with them. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> In 1943, the first major U.S. offensive of World War II is drawing to a close on the South Pacific island of Guadalcanal. To put an end to this campaign, the United States Army arrives with a full division of troops and equipment, deployed to break the last resistence of the Japanese. The exploits of this Division are seen from a number of perspectives amongst the soldiers; to include a war weary Sergeant, a power hungry Colonel, a Private who has known only desertion and AWOL, and a Company Commander is struggling with his abilities as a leader. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1942, U.S. Army Private Witt (Jim Caviezel), is AWOL from his unit and living with the easy-going and seemingly carefree Melanesian natives in the South Pacific. He is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company NCO, First Sergeant Welsh (Sean Penn). In Welsh's conversation with Witt, it is clear that the private is unenthusiastic about serving in the army. The men of C Company, 25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. As they wait in the holds of a Navy transport ship, they contemplate their lives and the impending invasion. On deck, battalion commander Lieutenant Colonel Tall (Nick Nolte) talks with his commanding officer, Brigadier General Quintard (John Travolta), about the invasion and its importance with Tall going ashore with C Company while Quintard will remain on the ship. Tall's voice-over reveals that he has been passed over for promotion and this battle may be his last chance to command a victorious operation. C Company lands on Guadalcanal unopposed and marches to the interior of the island, encountering natives and evidence of the Japanese presence and tactics: the mutilated corpses of intercepted Marines and Rangers scouts. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position near Henderson airfield. The Japanese have placed a bunker housing several machine guns at the top of the hill, giving them full view of the valley below. Any force attempting to climb the hill can be easily cut down by machine-gun fire and mortar rounds. A brief shelling of the hill begins the next day at dawn. Shortly after, C Company attempts to take the hill and is repelled by gunfire from the bunker. Among the first killed in the battle is the leader of the attacking platoon, Second Lieutenant Whyte (Jared Leto). During the battle, Lieutenant Colonel Tall orders the company commander, Captain Staros (Elias Koteas), to take the bunker by frontal assault, at whatever cost. Staros refuses, unwilling to treat his men as cannon fodder. When the two reach a stalemate, Tall decides to join Staros on the front line to see the situation for himself. By the time he arrives, the Japanese resistance seems to have lessened, and Tall's opinion of Staros seems to have been sealed. Meanwhile, during the battle, Private Witt, having been assigned punitively as a stretcher bearer, asks to rejoin the company, and is permitted to do so. A small detachment of men perform a reconnaissance mission on Tall's orders to determine the strength of the Japanese bunker. Private Bell (Ben Chaplin) reports back that there are five machine guns in the bunker. He joins another small detachment of men, led by Captain Gaff (John Cusack), on a flanking mission to take the bunker. The operation is a success and C Company stands poised to overrun one of the last Japanese strongholds on the island. They are successful in this regard; the Japanese they find are largely malnourished and dying, and put up little resistance. For their efforts the men are given a week's leave, although not all of them are able to enjoy it fully. The airfield where they are based comes under Japanese artillery bombardment; Bell, who longs to return to his wife, receives a letter from her, informing him that she has fallen in love with someone else and wishes to divorce; much to his surprise, Captain Staros is relieved of his command by Lieutenant Colonel Tall, who deems him too soft for the pressures of combat and suggests that he apply for reassignment and become a lawyer in the JAG in Washington DC. Meanwhile, Witt comes across the Melanesians and notices that they have suddenly grown more distrustful of him and quarrel regularly with one another. Some weeks later, the company is sent on patrol up a river but with the indecisive and inexperienced 1st Lieutenant George Band (Paul Gleeson) at its head. As Japanese artillery falls close to their positions, Band orders several men to scout upriver, with Witt volunteering to go along. They encounter an advancing Japanese column and are attacked. To buy time for Private Fife (Adrien Brody) to go back and inform the rest of the unit, Witt draws away the Japanese but is then encircled by one of their squads, who demand that he surrender. In a moment of bliss and internal calm, he raises his rifle and is gunned down. The company is able to retreat safely. Witt's dead body is later found and buried by Welsh and his squad mates. Sometime later, a few days before Christmas of December 1942, C Company receives a new commanding officer, Captain Bosche (George Clooney), who gives an impassive speech to the Marines about them being a family with him as the father figure. A little later in the final scene, Sgt. Welsh, Pvt. Fife, Lt. Band, Pvt. Bell and the rest of the surviving members of C Company board a waiting LCT which evacuates them from Guadalcanal. 
 Murder by Numbers (2002)55) Two gifted high school students execute a "perfect" murder - then become engaged in an intellectual contest with a seasoned homicide detective. Richard Haywood, a Californian high school's coolest kid, secretly teams up with another rich kid in his class, brilliant nerd Justin 'Bonaparte' Pendleton, whose erudition, specially in forensic matters, allows them to plan elaborately perfect murders, just for the kick, for which they set up Richard's marijuana supplier, their school's janitor Ray Feathers, as a psychotic serial killer. The case is assigned to detectives Cassie 'the hyena' Mayweather, who carries a sequoia-size chip on the shoulder from her previous life, and her brilliant new partner, Sam Kennedy, who just transferred from the vice squad; they can work together very well, and even fit romantically, but fall out over different professional attitudes towards the investigation, which Captain Rod Cody and her understandably vindictive abused ex, Assistant D.A. Al Swanson, soon ban her from when she disobeys instructions and hand to him. When the plotting boys both dig class-mate Lisa Mills, their unnatural bond comes under stress- will it break, allowing the hard-pressed police to bring them down? KGF Vissers Beyond having some of the same classes in their senior year at a San Benito, California high school, Richard Haywood and Justin Pendleton seemingly do not associate with each other, and what they know of each other do not like. Richard is wealthy, extroverted, popular, smart but an underachiever. Justin is an introverted intellectual loner. These outward appearances belie the fact that unknown to anyone that knows them, they are indeed friends, at least in their joint fascination with committing what they consider the perfect murder, which includes framing someone else for the act. Justin is largely the planner, Richard the director of executing the plan. When a young woman who is eventually identified as Olivia Lake is found murdered, Richard and then Justin eventually come into the radar of San Benito homicide detective Cassie Mayweather, the lead investigator in the case. Richard being identified as peripherally related to the case was always part of their plan to allow the pair to monitor the investigation. Richard and Justin expect the investigators to find the physical evidence they have left behind and piece together a story that they have concocted, a path which Cassie's partner, newly minted detective Sam Kennedy, seems to be following. But an issue from Cassie's past, which few if any of her colleagues know about and which is the reason behind her difficult but dogged nature, places her drive to get Justin and particularly Richard, who she is certain is the one dictating the plan, are brought to justice, despite the physical evidence not pointing in their direction. Richard and Justin's plan may be affected by their relationship with an unwitting third party, classmate Lisa Mills. Conversely, Cassie may have troubles getting the justice she wants because of her nature leading to the thought that her biases are getting in the way of seeing the evidence for what it is. The rest may be a battle of wills between Cassie and the high schoolers in who will break first. Huggo Murder By Numbers is a psychological suspense-thriller that tells the story of a tenacious homicide detective, Cassie Mayweather ( Sandra Bullock ) and her new partner Sam Kennedy ( Ben Chaplin ) who become pitted against two malevolently brilliant young men ( Ryan Gosling and Michael Pitt ) in an ingenious battle of wits as they try to solve a murder case. <john.pollono@castle-rock.com> Two bored high school students, Justin Pendleton ( Michael Pitt ) and Richard Haywood ( Ryan Gosling ), decide to murder a random girl just for the challenge. They have planned everything ahead, and yet, a stiff homicide detective follows them much tighter then they have expected. rsilberman2 (aka rsilberman) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Truth About Cats & Dogs (1996)321) A successful veternarian & radio show host with low self-esteem asks her model friend to impersonate her when a handsome man wants to see her. Janeane Garofalo plays Dr. Abby Barnes, the "Truth About Cats and Dogs" radio question-and-answer show host who unwittingly entices a listener over the radio with her soothing voice and personality. This listener, Brian, tries to meet the Abby from the radio, but Noelle, played by Uma Thurman, is mistaken for the real thing when Brian comes to the studio. Instead of clearing things up right away, the self-conscious Abby allows her best friend, Noelle, a tall, stunning blonde, to take her place for a while. Abby takes on the made-up persona of Donna, while thinking Brian would never go for her, a short, cute, brunette, who thinks she's unattractive. As the real Abby woos Brian over the phone and radio, Noelle, the pseudo-Abby, takes her place in the flesh. As time goes on, Abby feels more and more confident that Brian would rather have the beautiful Noelle than the simply attractive Abby. Joelsef <joelsef@geocities.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Truth About Cats and Dogs is the story of two youngish women with good hearts and insecurity, who live in the same building. One is an intelligent brunette veterinarian of average looks, with her own radio show about caring for pets; the other is a blonde beginner fashion model of modest intellect, with a psychologically abusive manager who is also her lover. The two women form a friendship after the veterinarian stands up for the model when she hears the model's manager abusing her in the hallway. The veterinarian has a handsome and charming photographer call into her radio show about a difficult dog. Her success in helping the man calm the dog causes him to become smitten with her, so he invites her on a date. She, however, is ashamed of her average appearance, so she describes herself to him on the phone as having her model neighbor's appearance, and then proceeds to convince her neighbor to play the role of her in person - but she speaks to him personally when he calls her on the phone to have profound conversations. The man becomes confused due to the differing personalities of the woman on the phone and the woman on the live dates - he has fallen in love with the veterinarian on the phone but is put off by "her" vacuousness in person, although "she" is very physically attractive. The man eventually realizes that the veterinarian with whom he has fallen in love is the brunette woman of average appearance, and that the woman he has been seeing in person is the veterinarian's model neighbor. He comes to accept his love for the veterinarian, and forgives the women despite their deception. And so a woman of humble appearance grows to know her own value. The model also is taught to realize her worth and learns not to tolerate the abuse of a cruel man. 
 Dorian Gray (2009)651) A corrupt young man somehow keeps his youthful beauty eternally, but a special painting gradually reveals his inner ugliness to all. A nave young man. A lovelorn artist. A corruptible Lord. A deal with the Devil. It all paints a dark picture of a Victorian London and how the rich and infamous party at their peril. Here, the telling of time and its consequence of experience for life's treasures' takes its toll on the body, mind and soul. The haunting and bleak tale of power, greed, vanity and inevitable self-destruction is ever present amongst the deceit, opium dens and sin. Cinema_Fan Fresh-faced and innocent, Dorian Gray arrives in London to move into the house he has inherited. Almost immediately he falls under the influence of amoral and calculating Lord Henry Wotton, leading to a life of increasing debauchery and even violence. Through many years Gray stays as young-looking as ever, while a portrait painted when he arrived grows old, reflecting his increasing excesses. Eventually the picture, now secreted in his attic, becomes almost hideous to behold. When true love finally enters his life he realises he must guard his secret at all costs. J-26 Enchanted by Victorian England's secret delights and aesthete Lord Wotton's debauched world of pleasure, the charming, innocent, and kind young man, Dorian Gray, surrenders to temptation and the elegant society of London's sybarites. To capture the essence of beauty and the ephemeral excellence of a youthful body, Wotton's good friend, Basil Hallward, paints Dorian's eternal picture, and before long, the profound impact of such an intoxicating portrait slithers into the depths of the youth's soul. Now, Dorian is ready to do anything in his power to stay forever young, including an unbreakable vow with dark forces beyond comprehension. However, what is the price of everlasting grace? Nick Riganas After the death of his grandson, the naive and pure Dorian Gray returns to Victorian London, where he befriends the talented painter Basil Hallward and the corrupt Lord Henry Wotton. Basil paints Dorian's portrait and gives the beautiful painting to him while Henry corrupts his mind and soul by telling him that Dorian should seek pleasure in life. Dorian makes a deal with the devil, trading his soul to keep his beauty and youth, while his picture ages and displays the effects of his corrupt life. Dorian Gray travels abroad for many years and when he returns to London, his friends are aged while he is still the same. When Dorian meets Henry's daughter Emily Wotton, they fall in love and Dorian wants his life back. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When a nave young Dorian Gray arrives in a train to Victorian London, to inherit an estate left to him by his abusive Grandfather, he is swept into a social whirlwind by the charismatic Lord Henry Wotton, who introduces Gray to the hedonistic pleasures of the city. Lord Henry's friend, society artist Basil Hallward, paints a portrait of Gray to capture the full power of his youthful beauty. When the portrait is unveiled, Gray makes a flippant pledge: he would give anything to stay as he is in the pictureeven his soul. Gray meets and falls in love with young budding actress Sibyl Vane. After a few weeks, he proposes marriage to her, but after Lord Henry tells Gray that having children is "the beginning of the end", he takes Gray to a brothel. This breaks Sibyl's heart as Gray leaves her, and she drowns herself soon after. Gray learns of this next day from her brother James ("Jim"), who tells Gray that Sybil was pregnant. Jim then tries to kill Gray before being restrained and carried off by the authorities. Gray's initial grief disappears as Lord Henry persuades him that all events are mere experiences and without consequence, and his hedonistic lifestyle worsens, distancing him from a concerned Hallward. Gray goes home to find the portrait of himself warped and twisted and realises that his pledge has come true; while the portrait ages, its owner's sins are shown as physical defects on the canvas. The chaos of the portrait of Gray starts, leading him to brutally kill Hallward after telling him his secret, dumping the body in the River Thames. Having left London to travel for many years, Gray returns to London and during the welcome-back party the guests are surprised to see that he has not aged at all. He becomes close to Lord Henry's daughter, Emily, a member of the UK suffragette movement, despite Lord Henry's distaste for such a relationship due to Gray's lifestyle and unnatural appearance, Emily having provided Lord Henry with a greater moral focus. Although Gray appears genuinely interested in changing his ways as he spends time with Emily, matters are complicated when he is confronted by Jim, still seeking revenge for his sister's death. Despite Gray's attempts to pretend to be someone else by pointing out his apparent age, Jim nevertheless deduces Gray's true identity, only to be killed by a train while pursuing Gray in the London Underground. As Gray makes arrangements to leave London with Emily, Lord Henry's study of old photographs makes him remember the time when he teased Gray to deal with the devil for eternal youth and beauty at the cost of his soul. Breaking into Gray's house as Gray and Emily are making plans to leave together, Lord Henry discovers the concealed portrait, but is interrupted by Gray before he can uncover it. Although Gray attempts to convince Lord Henry that he still cherishes his friendship and genuinely loves his daughter, Lord Henry discovers a stained scarf of Basil's in a box, prompting Gray to angrily declare that he is what Lord Henry has made him, the personification of the life he preached but never dared practise. Full of anger and grief, Gray attempts to strangle Lord Henry, but is distracted by Emily's call long enough for Lord Henry to knock him aside and expose the portrait. Disgusted and horrified at the twisted sight on the canvas, Lord Henry throws a lit lamp at the portrait, causing it to catch fire, subsequently locking the gate of the attic, to ensure Gray and the painting are destroyed, before his daughter sees the ruckus as she pleads with Gray for the key. Gray, after seeing her and realising that he really loves her, turns his back as Lord Henry drags his daughter out of the house, his last words being to assure Emily that she has his whole heart. Resolving to end it all, Gray stabs the painting with a poker, causing his body to age the years that it has never suffered, Gray charging at the portrait to fully impale it as his years catch up to him before the attic is consumed by an explosion. A few months later, scarred from the explosion and after attempting to reconcile with Emily through Agatha over the phone, Lord Henry heads to his attic where he keeps the now-youthful portrait of Gray, grimly noting that nobody will look at it now. As Lord Henry leaves, the portrait's eyes glow, suggesting that Gray's soul may still be within the portrait even after his death. 