nm0001482:

 The People vs. Larry Flynt (1996)651) The story of controversial pornography publisher Larry Flynt, and how he became a defender of free speech. Larry Flynt is the hedonistically obnoxious, but indomitable, publisher of Hustler magazine. The film recounts his struggle to make an honest living publishing his porn magazine and how it changes into a battle to protect the freedom of speech for all people. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> It's the 1970s. Larry Flynt owns and operates the Hustler chain of strip clubs in Cincinnati. Wanting a broader audience to promote his form of entertainment - what he unabashedly describes as smut pedaling - he starts to publish a Hustler "newsletter" which eventually morphs into Hustler magazine. The difference between Hustler and other girlie magazines is that Hustler contains little text in the form of articles, and shows both sex and female genitalia. Despite the difficult beginnings due largely to retailers not wanting to be charged with distribution of lewd materials, Hustler magazine becomes a success and makes Larry rich. Publishing the magazine also brings Larry both detractors and troubles with the law, the magazine which some believe actually do break laws in what is deemed decent. Through his many trials and tribulations, Larry has some surprising bedfellows which do affect thoughts of what he is doing. He also has a core group of his entourage, including his younger brother Jimmy Flynt , his lawyer Alan L. Isaacman , and who would become his wife Althea Flynt ne Leasure, who met Larry when she started working for him as a stripper at one of his clubs. The nature of Larry and Althea's relationship fundamentally changes starting with an incident outside a Georgia courthouse in 1978 which affects Larry's health. Larry's legal battles, which always have him challenging the conventions of legal decorum (much as the magazine challenges traditional moral decorum), change from he defending his form of entertainment to he defending the notion of free speech in America. Huggo Strip club owner Larry Flynt and his wife, Althea, create a pornographic magazine that ignores society's morals and taboos. "Hustler" magazine brings the Flynts not only millions in profit but also the wrath of "decent" people. Flynt and his overburdened attorney find themselves in courtrooms all over the nation defending Larry against criminal and civil charges. In the meantime, Flynt is beset by paralysis, the result of an assassination attempt, drug addiction, mental illness, and Althea's failing health. Allen Brown <browna@ohsu.edu> The life and times of "An Unseemly Man," Larry Flynt, publisher of Hustler magazine. This movie's got it all: From his humble beginnings selling moonshine, to his multi-million dollar publishing empire. Along the way he gets shot and paralysed, imprisoned, and taken to court thanks to his nemesis Jerry Falwell. Kevin Gillease <gillease@scf-fs.usc.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1953, 10-year-old Larry Flynt is selling moonshine in Kentucky. Twenty years later, Flynt (Woody Harrelson) and his younger brother, Jimmy (Brett Harrelson) run the Hustler Go-Go club in Cincinnati. With profits down, Flynt decides to publish a newsletter for the club, the first Hustler magazine, with nude pictures of women working at the club. The newsletter soon becomes a full-fledged magazine, but sales are weak. In 1975, after Hustler publishes nude pictures of former first lady Jackie Kennedy Onassis, sales take off. Flynt becomes smitten with Althea Leasure (Courtney Love), a stripper who works at one of his clubs. With Althea and Jimmy's help, Flynt makes a fortune from sales of Hustler. With his success comes enemies - as he finds himself a hated figure of anti-pornography activists. He argues with the activists, saying that "murder is illegal, but if you take a picture of it you may get your name in a magazine or maybe win a Pulitzer Prize". "However", he continues, "sex is legal, but if you take a picture of that act, you can go to jail". He becomes involved in several prominent court cases, and befriends a young lawyer, Alan Isaacman (Edward Norton). In 1975, Flynt loses a smut-peddling court decision in Cincinnati but is released from jail soon afterwards on a technicality. Ruth Carter Stapleton (Hanover), a Christian activist and sister of President Jimmy Carter, seeks out Flynt and urges him to give his life to Jesus. Flynt seems moved and starts letting his newfound religion influence everything in his life, including Hustler content. In 1978, during another trial in Georgia, Flynt and Isaacman are both shot by a man with a rifle while they walk outside a courthouse. Isaacman recovers, but Flynt is paralyzed from the waist down and uses a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Wishing he was dead, Flynt renounces God. Because of the emotional and physical pain, he moves to Beverly Hills, California and spirals down into depression and drug use. During this time, Althea also becomes addicted to painkillers and morphine. In 1983, Flynt undergoes back surgery to deaden several nerves, and as a result, feels rejuvenated. He returns to an active role with the publication, which, in his absence, had been run by Althea and Jimmy. That same year, Flynt is soon in court again for leaking videos relating to the John DeLorean entrapment case, and during his courtroom antics, he fires Isaacman, then throws an orange at the judge. He later wears an American flag as an adult diaper along with an army helmet, and wears T-shirts with provocative messages such as "I Wish I Was Black" and "Fuck This Court." After spitting water at the judge Flynt is sent to a psychiatric ward, where he sinks into depression again. He is diagnosed with having bipolar disorder and forced to take treatment. During this time, Flynt publishes a satirical parody ad in which Christian fundamentalist preacher Jerry Falwell tells of a sexual encounter with his mother. Falwell sues for libel and emotional distress. Flynt countersues for copyright infringement, because Falwell copied his ad. The case goes to trial in December 1984, but the decision is mixed, as Flynt is found guilty of inflicting emotional distress but not libel. By that time, Althea has contracted HIV, which proceeds to AIDS. Some time later in 1987, Flynt finds her dead in the bathtub, having drowned. Flynt presses Isaacman to appeal the Falwell decision to the Supreme Court of the United States. Isaacman refuses, saying Flynt's courtroom antics humiliated him. Flynt pleads with him, saying that he "wants to be remembered for something meaningful". Isaacman agrees and argues the "emotional distress" decision in front of the Supreme Court, in the case Hustler Magazine v. Falwell in 1988. With Flynt in the courtroom, the court overturns the original verdict in a unanimous decision. After the trial, Flynt is alone in his bedroom watching old videotapes of a healthy Althea. 
 Man on the Moon (1999)431) The life and career of legendary comedian Andy Kaufman . A biographical film on the late comedian Andy Kaufman . Kaufman, along with his role on Taxi (1978) , was famous for being the self-declared Intergender Wrestling Champion of the world. After beating women time and time again, Jerry Lawler (who plays himself in the movie), a professional wrestler, got tired of seeing all of this and decided to challenge Kaufman to a match. In most of the matches the two had, Lawler prevailed with the piledriver, which is a move by spiking an opponent head-first into the mat. One of the most famous moments in this feud was in the early 80s when Kaufman threw coffee on Lawler on [error], got into fisticuffs with Lawler, and proceeded to sue NBC. Eli Boorstein <uahp@rocketmail.com> A biopic based on the life of Andy Kaufman , an eccentric comedian who went onto enjoy a career as lovable foreign car mechanic Latka Gravas on TV's Taxi (1978) , and later gained infamy as an inter-gender wrestling champ. The film studies some of Kaufman's comedy antics as well as his personal life and his relationship with his manager George Shapiro , his best friend/partner Bob Zmuda and his girlfriend Lynne Margulies . Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the beginning, Kaufman's foreign man comes on saying (due to massive editing) it is the end of the film and plays a record alongside the end credits before walking off. Kaufman then comes back on in his normal voice saying he "Had to get rid of the people who don't understand me, and don't want to try". He then proceeds to show the actual movie on a film projector starting with his childhood home, in Long Island, New York 1957. Flashing forwards to New York City, 1973, Andy Kaufman (Jim Carrey) is a struggling performer whose act fails in nightclubs because, while the audience wants comedy, he sings childrens songs and overuses his "foreign man" character. Just as it becomes clear that Kaufman may have no real talent, he puts on a rhinestone jacket and does a dead-on Elvis impersonation and song. The audience bursts into applause, realizing Kaufman had tricked them making his big Elvis payoff all the more enjoyable. This is the first of many times we see Kaufman trick the audience, as "fooling the audience" is his performance style. His autistic, eccentric style catches the eye of talent agent George Shapiro (Danny DeVito), who signs him as a client and immediately gets Kaufman on a new sitcom, 'Taxi' in 1975, much to the dismay of sitcom-hating Kaufman. Because of the money, visibility, and chance to do his own television special, Kaufman acts on Taxi, but secretly hates it and works a second menial job as a restaurant busboy. Around this time, he gains popularity by making successful guest appearances on the new show 'Saturday Night Live'. At a nightclub, Shapiro witnesses a performance from a rude, loud-mouthed lounge singer named Tony Clifton, whom Andy wants to guest-star several times on Taxi on his terms, and whose bad attitude is matched by his horrible appearance and demeanor. When Clifton meets Shapiro privately, Clifton takes off his sunglasses and we see that he is actually Kaufman. Clifton is a villain character created by Kaufman and his creative partner, Bob Zmuda (Paul Giamatti), both of whom portray the character onstage at different times. Once again, the gag is on the audience. In 1980, Kaufman begins to have problems with his newfound fame. When he travels to college campuses, he wants to perform as he did in nightclubs, but the crowds dislike his strange sense of humor and simply want to see his more famous characters, such as Latka Gravas from Taxi and the Mighty Mouse singer from SNL. Frustrated by his dislike for Taxi, Kaufman appears on the set as Clifton and proceeds to cause chaos until he is removed from the studio lot. Kaufman relates to Shapiro that he never knows exactly how to entertain an audience ("short of faking my own death or setting the theater on fire"), so he does as he pleases. With the help of Zmuda, Kaufman decides he wants to be a professional wrestler but to increase the villain angle, he decides to wrestle only women and berate them after winning, declaring himself "Inter-Gender Wrestling Champion." He becomes smitten with one woman he wrestles, Lynne Margulies (Courtney Love). Continuing his villain wrestling character, Kaufman is despised by much of America, as he enjoys getting a rise out of everyone but fails to see that this affects his popularity (as the world fails to see he is simply playing a character, and not just being himself). Professional male wrestler Jerry "The King" Lawler challenges Kaufman to a "real" wrestling match, which Kaufman accepts. Lawler easily overpowers and seriously injures Kaufman, resulting in a major neck injury for Kaufman. When Lawler and an injured Kaufman appear on NBC's Late Night With David Letterman, Lawler attacks Kaufman again, and Kaufman spews out a vicious tirade of epithets. Once again, the joke is on the audience, as Lawler and Kaufman are revealed to be friends, and in on everything together. Unfortunately, Andy pays the price for this when he is voted off Saturday Night Live by television audience members. In 1983, Andy and Lynne move into a new house, and George calls to inform them that Taxi had been canceled, to the indifference of Kaufman. A few minutes later, Andy feels a boil on the back of his neck that is later revealed to be a cyst. In November, after gathering a meeting with his friends and family, Kaufman reveals that he has a rare form of lung cancer and may die soon. Many friends and family members refuse to believe this, thinking it another Kaufman stunt (and Zmuda actually believes a fake death would be a fantastic prank). By early 1984, Kaufman, aware that he may not have much time left, gets a booking at Carnegie Hall, his dream venue. The performance is a memorable success, and it culminates with Kaufman inviting the entire audience out for milk and cookies. Kaufmans health quickly deteriorates, and, out of options, he heads to the Philippines to seek a medical miracle (actually psychic surgery), where doctors supposedly pull out infected organs in the body. Kaufman immediately recognizes it as a scam similar to his own type of performance art, and the realization makes him laugh hysterically as the joke is on him for once. After returning to Los Angeles, Kaufman dies a few months later from the cancer at age 35. One year later, in 1985, Tony Clifton appears at Andy Kaufman's memorial tribute at The Comedy Store's main stage performing, "I Will Survive". The camera pans over the crowd and reveals Zmuda in the audience, hinting that maybe Kaufman's death was actually fake, and he is still alive somewhere. The film ends with a neon portrait of Kaufman among such comedy legends as the late Groucho Marx and Laurel and Hardy. 
 200 Cigarettes (1999)541) A collection of twentysomethings try to cope with relationships, loneliness, desire and their individual neuroses. New Year's Eve, 1981, the Lower East Side. Monica's having a party, but as late as 9, no one's there. She stews (and drinks). Folks are on their way, all looking for love, sex, or both. En route, paths cross, gambits misfire: a performance artist, her boyfriend until today and his long-time pal Lucy, two Long Island high-school girls, two punk rockers, a bartender, a Scottish painter who's lousy in bed, a pretty face named Jack who runs when women say they love him, his cute but clumsy date Cindy, two trendy vamps, a loquacious cabby, the man-crazed Hillary, and Elvis Costello. Nearly everybody smokes, and nearly everybody scores. And all get who and what they deserve. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Set during one long evening on New Year's Eve set in 1981 in New York's Lower East Village, which follows a dozen 20-something people going (but not really trying) to a New Year's Eve loft party while dealing with their life problems. They include Kevin who doesn't look forward to the new year since his girlfriend Ellie dumped him. So, his more outgoing friend Lucy persuades Kevin to have some excitement of their own. Monica, the neurotic party hostess, worries about anyone showing up while dealing with her hip friend Hillary and her Irish, artist ex-boyfriend Eric. Across town, Stephie and Val are two wise-cracking, Long Island teens who wander around SoHo after getting lost while looking for the party and end up in a punk rock club where they are befriended by two punks named Tom and Dave. Meanwhile, Cindy is a naive and dim-witted klutz who goes out on a date with Jack whom she had a one night stand the previous night, while he turns out to be a commitment shy Lothario who hides from his many girlfriends they frequently run into. And two of Eric's former girlfriends, Kaitlyn and Bridget, hunt for dates for the evening and flirt with a local bartender and a disco cab driver that pops up from time to time. Matthew Patay On New Year's Eve 1981, several New Yorkers are preparing for the festivities of the evening. Kevin is lamenting life and yet another December 31st - his birthday - without his ex-girlfriend Ellie, who he feels is psychologically torturing him. His friend Lucy can't stop thinking about getting to know the somewhat clueless bartender. Long Island Jewish Princesses Val and Stephie get lost in the big city. Naive and accident-prone Cindy, on her second date with Jack, tells hims some news that ends up being foremost on his mind for the rest of the evening. His relationship with Cindy he feels is a curse that is the hallmark of all his past relationships. Eric learns some devastating news as to why his current girlfriend Bridget wants to break up with him. With her new found single status, Bridget and her friend Caitlyn aim to end the evening with a man like they have every New Year's Eve that they can remember. And Eric's old girlfriend Monica (the one who tells him Bridget's news), whose party they are all planning on descending upon, is stressing that no one will show up. But 1982 may start off different than they all expect. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the course of one New Year's Eve, an angst filled artist, Kevin (Paul Rudd) , his best friend Lucy (Courtney Love), his emasculating ex Ellie (Janeane Garafolo), a law school bartender (Ben Affleck), two punk rockers (Casey Affleck, Guillermo Daz), an accident- prone naif (Kate Hudson), two Long Island escapees (Christina Ricci, Jennifer Albano) and other young artists on the make try to find love, happiness and cigarettes in the East Village. They have one night to make it all work out, and still make it to the party on time. 
 Trapped (I) (2002)Summaries The Jennings' fight for their daughters life after she is kidnapped by an experienced gang of thieves. When their daughter is abducted and taken for ransom by a gang of serial kidnappers, a young doctor and his wife find themselves held hostage while a 24-hour plan to extort their money is set into motion. Now, with time running out and the health of their asthmatic daughter at serious risk, they find themselves in a life-and-death race against the clock as the "perfect crime" begins spiraling towards an unthinkable, terrifying and deadly conclusion. Four times already, criminal mastermind Hickey and his lover Cheryl have abducted a rich doctor's child, guarded by dumb dogsbody Marvin, and smoothly collected ransom within 24 hours without any fuss. Now it's to be brilliant medical inventor Will Jennings's daughter Abby's turn. But when mother Karen points out the child needs asthma medication and Will uses his skills on Cheryl, the smooth script degenerates into panic improvisation, dangerous for all. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 