nm0005239:

 Clifford the Big Red Dog (20002003)Summaries The adventures of a larger-than-life red dog on Bridwell Island. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Good Burger (1997)55) A dim-witted teenager and his new coworker try to save the old burger joint they work for from failing after the opening of a brand new burger restaurant across the street, which's planning to put them out of business. Dexter Reed, a high-schooler is forced to get a summer job at a fast food restaurant called Good Burger after causing a car wreck by his school teacher Mr. Wheat. So Dexter must pay off his teacher's car by working very hard at Good Burger. Meanwhile things turned worse when Mondo Burger, a mammoth fast-food chain opens across the street, it looks like Good Burger is soon going to be history for good! Now it is up to Dexter and his new friend Ed the not-so bright cashier to save the day, as they develop a delicious special secret sauce that Ed created brings hundreds of new customers to their door and makes their new competition desperate to steal the recipe and all of their customers. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Dexter reed plans to have a nice relaxing summer but, good burger worker Ed is skating when dexter gets in to a car accident wth his teacher! Dexter has to put his summer plans aside and get a summer job. Ed helps him work at good burger where across the street mondoburger is opening and putting good burger out of business. Until Ed makes a amazing suace to put on the burgers and mondoburger wants to put good burger out of business. Dexter and Ed goes under cover at mondoburger and finds what mondoburger puts in there burger and ended up getting put up In a psycho home. The. The break out and steal a ice cream truck As a get away drive car. Ed had a idea to make the burgers even bigger and make the whole restaurant blow up. So the owner of mondoburger in jail for using illegal ingredients and everything is back to normal. shasha-20787 Teenagers working at fast food called Good Burger (including naive Ed and Dexter who has to pay off a car accident with his school teacher Mr. Wheat) face stiff competition from mega chain Mondo Burger who have their own fast food across the street. Ed has a homemade special sauce that makes Good Burger an instant hit.. Anonymous Ed is your normal (Ahem) employee of fast food, more specifically the food chain "Good Burger". Ed causes a car wreck involving Dexter Reed and Dexter's Teacher, Mr. Wheat. To pay off the debts on Wheat's Car, Dexter gets a job at Mondo Burger, the new burger chain across the street from Good Burger. Fired before the grand opening, Dexter turns to Good Burger for cash. After the opening, the employees of Mondo Burger decide to have a bit more than friendly competition. Can Dexter and Ed stop Mondo Burger? More importantly, will Dexter stay tolerant of Ed before he goes totally insane? Ian Pugh <skypilot@ezaccess.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mystery Men (1999)44) A group of inept amateur superheroes must try to save the day when a supervillain threatens to destroy a major superhero and the city. In order to generate more endorsement revenue, Champion City's resident superhero Captain Amazing arranges for the release of super villain Casanova Frankenstein, only to be captured by him. The city's fate rests in the hands of seven loser superhero wannabes: the fork-flinging Blue Rajah, the shovel-wielding Shoveler, the possessed bowling ball-hurling Bowler, the flatulent Spleen, the only-when-nobody's-looking Invisible Boy, the mysterious Sphinx, and the perpetually-angry Mr. Furious. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> When Captain Amazing (Kinnear) is kidnapped by Casanova Frankenstein (Rush) a group of superheroes combine together to create a plan. But these aren't normal superheroes. They are individuals who are not good enough to be real superheroes. Now, the group who include such heroes as Mr. Furious (Stiller), The Shoveller (Macy) and The Blue Raja (Azaria) must put all the powers together to save everyone they know and love. FilmFanUK In Champion City, would be superheroes like The Shoveler, The Blue Raja and Mr. Furious can't seem to make a difference and impress either the city or its greatest superhero, Captain Amazing. However, when Captain Amazing is captured by his greatest enemy, Cassanova Frankenstein, these stumblebum heroes must join with other superhero hopefuls to save the Captain and the city. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kenan & Kel (19962000)Summaries Kenan and Kel: two best friends who live in Chicago are always dragged down by Kenan's get rich quick schemes while orange soda-loving buddy Kel is dragged along but tends to mess things up. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 