nm0011718:

 No 73 (19821988)Summaries The team moved from the "No 73" house to a Wild-West theme park for the last two series and welcomed a host of new presenters including Rob Debenham as the out-of-work-actor-turned-builder. His natural comedic approach and physical dexterity saw him encounter a number of mishaps such as falling through bathroom floors and other builder-related fiascoes. Saturday-morning magazine show based around a busy house in Maidstone, Kent--No. 73--featuring guest stars, music, cartoons, and fun. Its presenters played characters rather than themselves, adding a subplot to the show each week as various different dramas and escapades were experienced by Kim, Neil, Harry, Dawn, and company. Moe-6 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kessler (1981)Summaries In the years after World War II, the tables have turned: ambitious, cruel Gestapo-officer Ludwig Kessler, the most implacable hunter of every opponent to the Third Reich, can no longer deny its rule is militarily annihilated by the Allies. He must now flee himself as he is a war criminal accused of the torture and execution of numerous victims. He manages to get away with a fortune and starts a new life as a businessman, still hoping for another rise of the master race to power, in which his part should be even more prominent, from a (neo-)fascist colony in Paraguay. Meanwhile, Albert Foiret and some of his former Lifeline colleagues play a part in the hunt for the former master-hunter. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 What's That Noise (1988 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Time Teens: The Beginning (2015)Summaries Time Travel exists. William is a Turasaiche ( a descendant time traveller) who works for the World Time forum, policing time crime at the world office in Perth, Scotland. When William is sent a letter from the future, he is shown what might happen if his journey continues. To Change it, he must recruit a new team. Time Teens is a Prequal Pilot film for a TV series by the same name. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 