nm0009631:

 The Sunday Show (19951997)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Quiet One (2019)Summaries THE QUIET ONE offers a unique, never before revealed and behind-the-scenes look at the highs and lows of the life and career of Bill Wyman , former, founding member of the Rolling Stones and renaissance man of rock and roll. THE QUIET ONE offers a unique behind-the-scenes look at the highs and lows of the life and career of Bill Wyman, former founding member of the Rolling Stones and renaissance man of rock and roll. Against the odds Bill escaped a bleak future in post-war, working class London to find himself at the very centre of a musical and cultural revolution. As a Rolling Stone he embarked on record-breaking world tours, dealt with feuding band mates and befriended some of the world's most iconic musicians, actors, sportsmen and artists. Then, to people's amazement he walked away from it all to commit to a new family and to set about documenting and preserving the memory of the 'rock and roll revolution'. Since leaving the Stones Bill has toured the world with his all-star band the Rhythm Kings as well as exhibiting his renowned photography. A keen archaeologist, Bill acts as a historical consultant on film and documentary projects and has written nine books on a variety of subjects. Throughout his career Bill shot hours of unseen film footage, took thousands of photographs, collected a vast archive of memorabilia and kept a detailed diary of each and every single day. Watching this footage and hearing the stories is like going back in time and standing at Bill's shoulder, experiencing this privileged access at first hand. The film uses his huge archive as the catalyst for stories about Bill's experience of wartime poverty, his love of blues music, the rise of the Rolling Stones, the 1960s counter culture, exile in France, his 1970s super groups, 1980s excesses and his life's work documenting and preserving the memory of such an important period of cultural and musical history. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Very Important Pennis (1996 )Summaries Dennis Is Back And This Time Its Not Just England Now The Whole World Is In Trouble As Dennis Travels Around The World Interviewing More Celebrities Than Ever Before And Even Touring The BBC Televison Centre It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 So Fine (1981)Summaries While trying to get his father out of a financial jam, a man comes up with an idea that turns into an unexpected overnight financial fashion success: bottomless pants. Jack Fine, owner/manager of Fine Fashions of Brooklyn, which solely produces women's dresses, has been having a difficult time the past year due to the company not keeping up with the changing fashions, so Jack is in debt to the tune of $1.5 million to loan shark/gangster Mr. Eddie, a hulking, flamboyant man who has a penchant for picking up and destroying things that bother him. Jack now falls into that category. Instead of figuratively or literally breaking Jack's legs or worse, Mr. Eddie decides to take over Fine Fashions until the debt is paid, naming Jack's son Bobby Fine, an English Literature professor at upstate Chippenango State College, to manage the operations. Not only does this new career, which Bobby has no option but to accept, threaten the possibility of Bobby obtaining this year's tenure track position in the department, but Bobby at the helm of the fashion house threatens to ruin it completely, as Bobby has no idea about fashion whatsoever. Complicating matters is that Bobby and Mr. Eddie's wife, seductive Italian Lira, fall in love at first sight--she doesn't love Mr. Eddie. Bobby's association with Lira accidentally leads to the latest fashion craze which could save Fine Fashions: coined "So Fine", they are jeans which expose the butt cheeks, that area of the pants covered with clear plastic. With Jack and Bobby potentially coming into a financial windfall because of So Fine as well as being the toast of the fashion world, the question becomes whether Bobby will get everything he wants, including the tenure position and Lira, without Mr. Eddie killing him. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 