nm0000552:

 Coming to America (1988)431) An extremely pampered African prince travels to Queens, New York, and goes undercover to find a wife that he can respect for her intelligence and strong will. Immersed in luxury and riches, courteous Prince Akeem, the refined heir apparent to Africa's prosperous kingdom of Zamunda, summons up the courage to reject an arranged marriage proposal on his twenty-first birthday. As a result, bent on finding true love, the young blue blood finds himself in the strange urban jungle of New York City's Queens. Now, to mask his regal descent, Akeem, and his trusted valet, Semmi, have to pose as humble exchange students, doing their best to mingle with their neighbours. But, more than anything in the world, the noble bachelor yearns to be loved for who he is, and not for his title. Is Prince Akeem destined to find his soulmate in America's bustling Big Apple? Nick Riganas A noble, adventurous prince and valet agree to find love in the Big Apple against his father's wishes. While exploring, a beautiful native strikes his attention. Both of them bring their cards to the table. Will it be a match or disaster of destruction? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Akeem Joffer (Eddie Murphy), the prince and heir to the throne of the fictitious African country Zamunda, is discontented with being pampered all his life. The final straw comes when his parents, the stuffy King Jaffe (James Earl Jones) and Queen Aeoleon (Madge Sinclair), present him with a bride-to-be (Vanessa Bell) he has never met before, trained to mindlessly obey his every command. Akeem concocts a plan to travel to America to find a wife he can both love and respect and who accepts him for his personality, not his status, and who can be a free thinker. He and his loyal servant, Semmi (Arsenio Hall) arrive in Queens, New York City, because according to Akeem "What better place to find a queen than the city of Queens?" They rent an apartment in the slum neighborhood of Jamaica. During their quest at crusing nightclubs and places, Akeem meets and falls in love with Lisa (Shari Headley), the daughter of a local fast food restaurateur Cleo McDowell. In wanting to woo, Lisa, both Akeem and Semmi take jobs at McDowell's, passing themselves off as exchange college students. Lisa possesses the qualities the prince is looking for. The rest of the film centers on Akeem's attempts to win Lisa's hand in marriage, while adjusting to life in America and dodging his royal duties and prerogatives. Unfortunately, Semmi is not comfortable with the life of a poor man and thus unintentionally causes a near-disaster when, alerted by a plea for more financial help, the Zamundian royal couple travels to the United States and reveal themselves to the McDowells. Although her father is ecstatic that his daughter has attracted the interest of a prince, Lisa, who has fallen for Akeem, becomes angry and confused as to why he lied to her about his identity. She refuses to marry Akeem and he returns to Zamunda with a broken heart, resigned to marry the woman chosen for him by his parents. At the final scene's wedding procession, Akeem waits dejectedly at the altar as his bride-to-be makes her way down the aisle. But when he lifts the veil to kiss her, he finds Lisa instead of his arranged partner. They ride off happily in a carriage after the ceremony. 
 Shrek (2001)761) A mean lord exiles fairytale creatures to the swamp of a grumpy ogre, who must go on a quest and rescue a princess for the lord in order to get his land back. When a green ogre named Shrek discovers his swamp has been 'swamped' with all sorts of fairytale creatures by the scheming Lord Farquaad, Shrek sets out with a very loud donkey by his side to 'persuade' Farquaad to give Shrek his swamp back. Instead, a deal is made. Farquaad, who wants to become the King, sends Shrek to rescue Princess Fiona, who is awaiting her true love in a tower guarded by a fire-breathing dragon. But once they head back with Fiona, it starts to become apparent that not only does Shrek, an ugly ogre, begin to fall in love with the lovely princess, but Fiona is also hiding a huge secret. Film_Fan Once upon a time, in a far away swamp, there lived an ogre named Shrek whose precious solitude is suddenly shattered by an invasion of annoying fairy tale characters. They were all banished from their kingdom by the evil Lord Farquaad. Determined to save their home -- not to mention his -- Shrek cuts a deal with Farquaad and sets out to rescue Princess Fiona to be Farquaad's bride. Rescuing the Princess may be small compared to her deep, dark secret. Jwelch5742 It's the story of a terrifying green ogre by the name of Shrek, who lives in a swamp. But all of the sudden, the evil Lord Farquaad banishes a bunch of fairy tale creatures to Shrek's swamp. So Shrek now must go on a quest to save Princess Fiona, along with a fast-talking donkey whose name is literally Donkey in order to get his swamp back. Shrek is a big ogre who lives alone in the woods, feared by all the people in the land of Duloc. When Lord Farquaad, the ruler of Duloc, exiles all the fairy-tale beings to the woods, Shrek loses his peaceful life and his home becomes a refugee camp. So he sets out to find Lord Farquaad and convince him to take the fairy-tale beings back where they belong, and leave him alone. Lord Farquaad accepts, under one condition. Shrek must first go and find the beautiful young princess Fiona, who will become Farquaad's bride. So the big Ogre begins his quest, along with his newfound donkey friend... Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> In a faraway land called Duloc, a heartless ruler, the diminutive Lord Farquaad, has banished all the fairy tale beings from the land so it can be as boring as he is. But there are three characters who will stand in his way. The first is a green, smelly ogre with a heart of gold named Shrek, his faithful steed, Donkey, who will do anything but shut up, and the beautiful but tough Princess Fiona whom Lord Farquaad wishes to make his wife so he can become king of Duloc. What's to do in a screwy fairy tale like this? Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A Scottish man (voiced by Mike Myers ) reads a fairy tale from a book: "Once upon a time there was a lovely princess. But she had an enchantment upon her of a fearful sort which could only be broken by love's first kiss. She was locked away in a castle guarded by a terrible fire-breathing dragon. Many brave knights had attempted to free her from this dreadful prison but none prevailed. She waited in the dragon's keep in the highest room of the tallest tower for her true love and true love's first kiss." (laughing) A green hand rips the page out of the book. "Like that's ever gonna happen." Cut to an outhouse exterior. The toilet flushes. "What a load of..." The door slams open, revealing the man, a green ogre. He sees his house, built into the bottom of a large tree stump, and breathes a happy sigh. He lives a normal life (for an ogre). He undresses and takes a (mud) shower outside. He brushes his teeth (using a caterpillar's guts as toothpaste). He smiles into the mirror (but it cracks as in "The Munsters"). He jumps into a pond (and farts). Some dead fish float up, and he grabs one. After he gets dressed, he gets a giant slug out of a hollow log (for his dinner). Finally, he paints a "BEWARE. OGRE" sign and posts it. Men burst out of a tavern in the town and plan to capture the ogre for a reward. They grab pitchforks and torches and head for his place. The ogre is eating a bowl of eyeballs. He burps to light his fireplace, swallows the fish, and then relaxes in his easy chair. The men finally arrive at the ogre's house at night. The ogre hears them, and sneaks up behind them. He frightens them by telling them what he could do to them, then he roars and they all flee in fear. The ogre sees a poster on the ground and picks it up: "WANTED. FAIRY TALE CREATURES. REWARD". He tosses it back on the ground and walks away. In the forest, various fairy tale creatures are being loaded into wagons for the rewards: The Seven Dwarfs, a witch, an elf, Pinocchio, The Three Bears, Tinker Bell, etc. A talking donkey (voiced by Eddie Murphy ) is next in line after Pinocchio (voiced by Cody Cameron ). The Captain of the Guards (voiced by Jim Cummings ) gives Gepetto (voiced by Chris Miller ) five shillings for the "possessed toy". The donkey's owner (voiced by Kathleen Freeman ) can't get him to talk when asked by the knights, so they drag her away. As she struggles with the knights, she kicks the lantern holding Tinker Bell, and it flies into the air, landing on the donkey and spilling pixie dust on him. He floats into the air. The donkey talks now as he floats away, saying, "You might have seen a house fly, maybe even a super fly, but I bet you aint never seen a donkey fly!" (copying the crows in "Dumbo"). Peter Pan (voiced by Michael Galasso ) and the Three Little Pigs (voiced by Cody Cameron ) are surprised that he can fly, but the Captain of the Guards is more surprised that he can talk. The pixie dust wears off, and the donkey falls to the ground. The knights try to seize him, but he runs into the forest. The donkey bumps into the back of the ogre, who was posting a "KEEP OUT" poster on a tree. When the knights approach, the donkey hides behind the ogre. The Captain of the Guards announces that Lord Farquaad authorized him to arrest them and transport them to a designated resettlement facility. The ogre says, "Oh, really. You and what army?" The Captain looks back and sees that the other knights have run away, so he too runs away, yelling in fear. As the ogre walks away the donkey follows him and compliments him on how great he was with the guards. The donkey says that he doesn't have any friends and asks to stay with the ogre, who then tries to scare him away. The donkey just gives him a compliment on how scary that was and sings. The ogre tells the donkey that he is an ogre, but the donkey doesn't care. The donkey asks for the ogre's name, and he replies, "Shrek." Shrek lets the donkey stay at his house for one night (outside). As Shrek eats his dinner, he hears a noise and shouts at the donkey to stay outside. He looks back at his table and sees the Three Blind Mice (voiced by Christopher Knights and Simon J. Smith ). When he grabs the mice, The Seven Dwarfs push the case with Snow White onto the table. They tell Shrek it's because the bed's taken, and Shrek sees that The Big Bad Wolf is in it. He grabs the wolf and tosses him out, but sees hundreds of fairy tale creatures camped outside his house. Pinocchio and one of the pigs tell Shrek that Lord Farquaad evicted them and put them there. The donkey tells Shrek that he knows where Lord Farquaad is, so Shrek announces that their welcome is worn out, that he will see Farquaad right now so that he can get them all off his swamp and back where they all came from. They all cheer. Shrek tells the donkey that he is coming with him. The donkey is happy and says, "Shrek and Donkey, on a whirlwind big city adventure." Donkey then starts singing "On The Road Again", but Shrek makes him hum it instead. In a castle, the town's lord walks down a hallway. When he reaches the guards at the end, it's obvious that he is a dwarf. He enters the torture chamber where the executioner, Thelonius (voiced by Christopher Knights ), is drowning The Gingerbread Man (voiced by Conrad Vernon ) in a glass of milk. The lord (voiced by John Lithgow ) torments The Gingerbread Man, and then crumbles one of his severed legs. He tells The Gingerbread Man that he and all the other fairy tale trash are monsters that are poisoning his perfect world. He demands that The Gingerbread Man tell him where the others are and starts to tear off one of his gumdrop buttons. The Gingerbread Man then rambles on about The Muffin Man, but they are interrupted by knights who bring in The Evil Queen's Magic Mirror. The lord knocks The Gingerbread Man into a trash can then asks, "Mirror mirror on the wall, is this not the most perfect kingdom of them all?" The Magic Mirror (voiced by Chris Miller ) replies that he is not technically a king yet, but can become one by marrying a princess. The Magic Mirror then presents the eligible bachelorettes, "Dating Game" style: Cinderella, Snow White, and Princess Fiona (in the castle guarded by a dragon). Upon prompting by Thelonius, Lord Farquaad picks Princess Fiona. The Magic Mirror then displays Princess Fiona while playing "Escape (The Pia Colada Song)". Lord Farquaad says that she's perfect, and that finally he will be the perfect king. The Magic Mirror tries to tell him what happens at night after sunset, but he tells the mirror to be quiet. Lord Farquaad then announces that they are going to have a tournament. Shrek and Donkey reach the castle at Duloc. The parking lot is arranged like the one at Disneyland. Shrek remarks that it must be Lord Farquaad's castle. It's extremely tall, and Shrek jokes that he could be compensating for something. As they approach the roped lines for the ticket booth, Shrek tries to talk to Duloc's costumed mascot (voiced by Andrew Adamson ), which looks like Lord Farquaad, but he runs away in fear through the lines. Shrek walks straight through the ropes, dragging them along as Donkey follows, and tries to calm the mascot down. The mascot gets knocked out when he runs into the turnstile. Shrek and Donkey go through the turnstile. Elevator music plays in the otherwise quiet and deserted courtyard. The souvenir shop only has Lord Farquaad items. Donkey sees an information booth and pulls the lever. There is some clicking, and then the doors open, revealing music and wooden puppets (like in "It's a Small World") that sing the rules for Duloc, "a perfect place". The doors shut and a camera takes Shrek and Donkey's picture, then their photo comes out, showing them stunned. Shrek and Donkey hear fanfare and go in that direction. Lord Farquaad is high upon a balcony announcing that the tournament winner (champion) will have the privilege to go rescue Princess Fiona. Shrek and Donkey march past the contestants (knights), then Farquaad instead tells the knights that the one who kills the ogre will be named champion. Shrek bursts open a wine barrel to slip up some knights, then slides through the brew, swinging at them with one of their axes like a hockey player. Donkey climbs onto the other barrel and rolls over some more knights. When more knights arrive, Shrek jumps into a corral and fights them like a professional wrestler. After a while, the crowd cheers for Shrek. Donkey joins in, "tag team" style, knocking out another knight. After Shrek sits on another knight, a woman (voiced by Jacquie Barnbrook ) shouts for Shrek to give "give him the chair", so he whacks him over the head with a chair. After Shrek throws the last knight, Donkey kicks him, knocking him out. Shrek hams it up for the crowd. Lord Farquaad signals to the knights with crossbows, but instead of giving the order to kill Shrek, he proclaims that Shrek is the champion. Farquaad tells Shrek that he won the honor to go on the quest. Shrek replies that he is already on a quest to get his swamp back, where Farquaad dumped the fairy tale creatures. Farquaad offers a deal to Shrek that if he goes on this quest, Farquaad will give him his swamp back, with the squatters gone, so Shrek agrees. On the way to rescue Princess Fiona, Shrek and Donkey pass through various vegetable fields. As Shrek munches on some vegetables, Donkey asks Shrek why he's going to fight a dragon and rescue a princess to get his swamp back, which Farquaad filled with "freaks". He tells Shrek that he should act like an ogre, and lay siege to his fortress and grind his bones. Shrek sarcastically suggests that instead he could have decapitated some villagers and drank their fluids. Shrek tells Donkey that there's a lot more to ogres than people think, that they are like onions and have layers. Shrek and Donkey pass a run-down windmill. After two days, they finally reach the castle where Princess Fiona is held, up on a mountain. Dried lava and brimstone are everywhere. Donkey thinks the smell is from Shrek, but Shrek tells Donkey that if it were him, Donkey would be dead. They reach a footbridge over a river of lava leading to the castle. Donkey is afraid to cross, but Shrek backs him up, tricking him to cross. Inside the castle, Shrek tells Donkey to look for stairs so they can reach Princess Fiona. Shrek puts on some armor of a dead knight. Suddenly, the dragon breathes fire and chases after Donkey. Shrek grabs the dragon's tail, but it shakes him off, sending him flying into Princess Fiona's room and waking her up. Meanwhile, the dragon has Donkey trapped. Donkey complements it on its white teeth, notices that it's a girl dragon, and gives it more appropriate compliments. The dragon picks him up with her teeth and walks happily away. While Shrek recovers, Princess Fiona lies back down on the bed and pretends to sleep. Shrek approaches her but instead of kissing her, he shakes her forcefully and shouts for her to wake up. Princess Fiona (voiced by Cameron Diaz ) wants romance, but Shrek keeps his helmet on and drags her down the stairs. Down below, the dragon is cuddling and romancing Donkey. Shrek grabs a hanging chain and swings towards the dragon, but the chain is stuck up above. He shakes it loose, and he falls, knocking Donkey away as the dragon is about to kiss him. The dragon kisses Shrek's naked butt. The chain's frame falls around the dragon's neck like a collar. Shrek and Donkey run away, then Shrek grabs Donkey and Fiona as the dragon chases them, repeatedly breathing fire. They crisscross the castle and the chain tangles around all the pillars. Shrek locks the chain into the floor with a sword. As they run across the bridge the dragon burns half of it up, but they make it safely across. The dragon tries to fly after them, but the chain holds it back. Safely on the other side, Fiona demands that Shrek remove his helmet and kiss her. He removes his helmet, and she is shocked and disappointed that he is an ogre. Shrek tells her that Lord Farquaad sent him, that he's the one who wants to marry her. Princess Fiona tells him in that case that Lord Farquaad should rescue her and she refuses to leave. Shrek picks her up then they head back to Duloc. When Shrek finally sets Fiona down she asks Shrek and Donkey what Duloc and Lord Farquaad are like. Shrek and Donkey start making short jokes about him. She says that they are just jealous of him. When she hears that they will get to Duloc the next day, Fiona gets upset and insists that they make camp immediately. They find a rock cliff, and Princess Fiona sleeps alone in a small enclosure on it. Shrek tells Donkey stories about the stars, and then says that things are more than they appear. Donkey wonders what they will do when they get back to their swamp, but Shrek tells him that it's his swamp, and he is going to build a ten-foot wall around his land. Donkey thinks that Shrek is trying to keep people out, then Shrek shouts at Donkey that he's trying to keep everyone out. Fiona wakes up and slides the door open, then overhears Shrek telling Donkey how people judge him before they even know him, and that's why he's better off alone. Fiona closes the door then Donkey and Shrek talk about the stars again. At his castle, Lord Farquaad is in bed with a drink and repeatedly makes the Magic Mirror show him the picture of Princess Fiona. He says that she's perfect. The next morning, Princess Fiona sings with a bird, but it explodes when she hits a high note. She cooks the bird's eggs for breakfast. Fiona tells Shrek and Donkey that she is making it up to them because they got off to a bad start yesterday; after all, they rescued her. As they walk towards Duloc, Shrek burps then Fiona burps too. Suddenly a man (voiced by Vincent Cassel ) swinging from a vine grabs Fiona. He calls out for his Merry Men. They all appear, dancing and singing about him, Robin Hood. As he brandishes a knife, Robin Hood finishes the song by saying he will cut out Shrek's heart, but Fiona swings down and knocks him into a boulder. She defeats the Merry Men with Kung Fu mixed with "The Matrix". Shrek and Donkey are amazed. Shrek asks Fiona where she learned that, and she replies that when one lives alone one has to learn these things. She sees that there's an arrow in Shrek's butt. Donkey starts panicking, so Fiona sends him off looking for a blue flower with red thorns. When Fiona tries to pull out the arrow from Shrek's butt, he squirms, falls to the ground, and Fiona lands on him -- just as Donkey returns with the flower. Donkey gets mad because he thinks they just wanted to be alone. When Fiona pulls out the arrow, Donkey sees the blood and faints. Shrek picks him up, and they head back to Duloc. In a field, Princess Fiona grabs a spider's web and gathers up the flying bugs bothering Shrek, giving it to him, who eats it like cotton candy. Shrek catches a frog and inflates it like a balloon, handing it to Fiona. Fiona grabs a snake off a tree branch and inflates it like a balloon, and gives it to Shrek. They push each other playfully, then run off together, and their balloons float away into the air. They finally reach the windmill and see Duloc in the distance. Shrek shrugs and tells Princess Fiona that her future awaits her, and she's surprised to see Duloc. Donkey interrupts, and tells Fiona that Shrek thinks Lord Farquaad is compensating for something. Donkey starts to say that it means Farquaad "has a really..." Shrek knocks him down, a little too hard, and then tells Fiona that they should move on and starts walking. Fiona tells Shrek that she's worried about Donkey, that he doesn't look so good. Shrek comes over and plays along with her pretense, and says that he looks awful. Fiona tells Donkey that she'll make him some tea. Donkey then acts like a hypochondriac. Shrek and Fiona go to find dinner and firewood. Fiona likes the food Shrek cooked (weed rat), saying that it's delicious. She sighs, then looks at Duloc and says that she'll be eating differently tomorrow night. He hopes that she will visit him in the swamp, because he'll cook for her. She says that she would like that, and then they smile and look at each other. Shrek begins to ask Fiona something important, but changes his mind and asks for the rest of her food. They lean towards each other, about to kiss. Donkey butts in, saying that the sunset is romantic. Fiona jumps up, panicking. She pretends to be afraid of the dark, and Donkey tells her that he is afraid of the dark too. Fiona goes into the windmill to sleep by herself, glancing back briefly at Shrek. Donkey tells Shrek that he can tell with his animal instincts that Shrek and Fiona "were digging on each other," and says that Shrek should tell Fiona how he feels about her. Shrek tries to deny that he likes her, and then dejectedly says that Fiona is a princess and he is an ogre. He walks off and tells Donkey that he's getting more firewood, but Donkey sees that there's still a large pile of firewood there. Shrek sits alone by a field of sunflowers, staring at Duloc until night. Donkey, afraid to be alone by himself in the dark, goes inside the windmill looking for Princess Fiona. A large green hand grabs the ladder, and then a female ogre looks down on Donkey as he wanders around. All the sights and sounds frighten Donkey. The ogre falls through the wood and screams as she lands on the floor, frightening Donkey even more. He's terrified when she stands up, and he screams for Shrek. Donkey asks her what she did with the princess. She tries to calm and quiet him down, saying that it's her, in this body. He thinks that she ate the princess and shouts at her stomach, then calls for Shrek again. She finally calms him down and convinces him that she is the princess. He wonders what happened to her, telling her that she's... different. She admits that she's ugly. Donkey thinks it's because she ate the weed rat, but she tells him that she's been this way as long as she can remember. She says that it only happens when the sun goes down. She looks at her reflection in a barrel of water and recites a spell: "By night one way, by day another. This shall be the norm until you find love's first kiss and then take love's true form." She tells Donkey that when she was a little girl a witch cast a spell on her; every night she becomes "this, this horrible, ugly beast"; she was placed in a tower to await the day her true love would rescue her. Fiona sits down and tells Donkey that it's why she has to marry Farquaad tomorrow before the suns sets and he sees her like this. She cries, and then Donkey tries to console her. He says that she's ugly, but adds that she only looks like this at night, and that Shrek is ugly all the time. She replies that she's a princess, and it's not how a princess should look. Donkey suggests that she shouldn't marry Farquaad. She insists that she has to, because only her true love's first kiss can break the spell. Donkey tells her that she's an ogre, and Shrek's an ogre, and that they have a lot in common. Shrek walks back to the windmill, holding a sunflower. He's rehearsing what he will say to Princess Fiona when he gives it to her. When he climbs the steps of the windmill, he overhears Fiona telling Donkey that she just can't marry whomever she wants, and to take a good look at her. She asks Donkey, "Who could ever love a beast so hideous and ugly? Princess and ugly don't go together. That's why I can't stay here with Shrek. My only chance to live happily ever after is to marry my true love." She tells Donkey that it's just how it should be. Shrek becomes disheartened because he thinks Fiona was calling him ugly, and then throws the sunflower down and storms off towards Duloc. Fiona tells Donkey that it's the only way to break the spell. He tells her that she has to tell Shrek the truth and starts to leave, but she says that no one must ever know and makes Donkey promise not to tell anyone. Donkey says that she should tell Shrek, then goes outside. Fiona opens the door and looks around, but only sees the sunflower and takes it inside. Donkey looks around then sleeps by the campfire. In the morning, Princess Fiona picks off the petals of the sunflower, reciting the "He loves me, he loves me not" game, but instead saying, "I tell him, I tell him not." She pulls off the last petal, excited that she should tell Shrek about her spell. She opens the door and calls for him, but only sees Donkey outside snoring. The sun rises and she transforms back to human form. Shrek walks up and she rushes to greet him, but he angrily walks past her and sits on the steps. She says that she has to tell him something, but he replies that he heard everything she said last night. She says that she thought he would understand. He says he understands, quoting her asking, "Who could ever love a hideous, ugly beast?" She says that she thought it wouldn't matter to him, but he says that it does. A horse whinnies and they turn around. Fanfare announces Lord Farquaad's arrival as he rides towards them, accompanied by some knights, then Donkey wakes up. Farquaad greets Princess Fiona, and then Shrek demands that Farquaad give him the deed to his swamp, as promised. Farquaad tells Shrek that the swamp is cleared out as agreed, then tells him to take the deed and go before he changes his mind. Shrek grabs the deed and stands aside. Farquaad calls Fiona beautiful. She tells him that she was just saying a short farewell, just as a knight sets him on the ground. Farquaad says that it's sweet, that she doesn't have to waste good manners on the ogre; it doesn't have feelings. Fiona agrees that "it" doesn't. Farquaad grabs her hand and proposes to her. She looks at Shrek, who is staring at his deed, then accepts. Farquaad jumps up happily and tells her that he'll make plans for them to marry tomorrow. She stops him and says that they should get married today, before the sun sets. Shrek angrily walks back to his swamp. Farquaad agrees that they should get married today, and talks about all the things to prepare. They both get on the horse and head to Duloc, and then Fiona tells Shrek "fare-thee-well." Donkey tries to stop Shrek and says that there's something he doesn't know about Fiona. Shrek shouts at Donkey that he heard what they said last. He tells Donkey that since he and Fiona are great friends, Donkey should follow her home. Donkey replies that he wants to go with Shrek. Shrek continues shouting at Donkey that he lives alone in his swamp, not with anyone else, "especially useless, pathetic, annoying, talking donkeys!" Shrek storms off to his swamp. ("Hallelujah" by John Cale plays in the background.) At his swamp, Shrek sees that the fairy tale creatures are gone; only their tents remain, along with some debris. He sighs heavily and walks back to his house. Donkey walks through the forest, sadly glancing back. Shrek sees his reflection in a puddle of water, and then sadly lowers his head. Princess Fiona, in her wedding gown, looks sadly out the window. Shrek looks sadly out his window, then angrily takes a sunflower off the table and throws it into the fireplace. Fiona sadly looks at herself again in the mirror. Farquaad looks at himself in the Magic Mirror, which smiles only when he's looking at it. Fiona looks at the wedding cake and pushes the figurine of Farquaad down to its proper height. She turns around and quizzically looks at the suit of armor. At the same spot, in his house, Shrek leans sadly against the table and stares at the fireplace. Donkey drinks from a pond by the forest, then is startled when he hears and sees the dragon crying; they console each other. Shrek is alone, and tries to eat at his table; Fiona is alone, and tries to eat at her table; they both put their faces in their hands. Shrek hears a thumping sound outside and opens the door to see Donkey putting branches on the ground. Donkey tells him that it's a wall. Shrek tells him that a wall should go around his swamp. Donkey replies that it does go around his half of the swamp, and that Donkey gets the other half. Donkey tells Shrek that he earned half of the swamp because he did half of the work rescuing the princess. They argue over ownership of the swamp. Shrek gives up and walks away, saying that he's done with Donkey, then Donkey chases after him. Donkey says that Shrek just thinks about himself; he's mean to Donkey, insults him, doesn't appreciate him, and pushes him around or away. Shrek asks Donkey that if he treated him so bad, why did he come back? Donkey replies that it's what friends do: they forgive each other. Shrek agrees, and then he shouts that he forgives Donkey for stabbing him in the back. Shrek goes into the outhouse and slams the door. Donkey tells Shrek that he's so wrapped up like onion layers in his feelings. Shrek tells Donkey to go away, but he tells Shrek that he's "doing it again," like he did to Fiona; all she ever did was love him. Shrek replies that he heard their conversation, that she called him ugly, a hideous creature. Donkey tells him that she wasn't talking about him, but was talking about somebody else. Shrek comes out and asks who she was talking about. Donkey refuses to tell him because Shrek doesn't listen to him. Shrek apologizes, and admits that he is just a big, stupid, ugly ogre. Donkey forgives him because that's what friends are for. Shrek wonders what Fiona said about him, but Donkey tells him to ask her. Shrek cries out that they won't make the wedding in time. Donkey whistles and the dragon flies down. Shrek climbs the chain up then the dragon puts Donkey up too. They fly away to Duloc. At the castle, the bishop (voiced by Val Bettin ) is marrying Princess Fiona and Lord Farquaad. Thelonius holds the rings. Two men hold up cue cards for the audience's appropriate response. Fiona interrupts and asks the bishop to skip to the "I do's". Farquaad chuckles and tells the bishop to continue. The dragon lands outside, and then the knights run away fearfully. Shrek goes to the door of the church, but Donkey tells him to wait until the preacher says, "Speak now or forever hold your peace", then for Shrek to say, "I object!" Shrek says that he doesn't have time for this, but Donkey replies that chicks like romance. They go to the side of the church and Shrek repeatedly throws Donkey up to look through a window. Donkey tells Shrek that they are already married. Shrek bursts into the church just before Farquaad and Fiona kiss, shouting that he objects. Fiona and Farquaad are annoyed to see him. Shrek wants to talk to Fiona, but she says that it's too late and tries to kiss Farquaad. Shrek grabs her hand and tells her that Farquaad only wants to marry her so that he can be king, then tells her that Farquaad is not her true love. Fiona asks him what he knows about true love. Shrek stammers, and Farquaad laughs because Shrek loves the princess. Farquaad cues the laughter. Fiona asks Shrek if it's true, but Farquaad grabs her hand and insists that she kiss him now. Fiona looks at the setting sun and recalls her spell. She walks to the window and tells Shrek that she wanted to show this to him before. She transforms into an ogre, and then grins sheepishly at Shrek. As for Shrek, he can only casually note that her state explains a lot about her recent behaviour. The audience is shocked. Farquaad sees Fiona and says that "it" is disgusting and orders his guards to get "it" out of his sight, to get them both. As Shrek and Fiona try to reach each other, Farquaad declares that the marriage is still binding, that he is still king, and puts on the crown. As guards drag Shrek away, Farquaad tells that he'll beg for death. He then tells Fiona that he'll lock her back in that tower for the rest of her life. Shrek frees one of his hands and whistles. The dragon bursts through the large stained glass window with Donkey on top and swallows Farquaad, killing him, then burps out his crown. Shrek tells Fiona that he loves her, and she tells him that he loves him too. They kiss, and then Fiona begins her transformation as her voice-over recounts the rest of the spell. She rises up into the air, glowing. Bright light radiates from her, then a shock wave from her shatters all the windows in the church except one (which the dragon later breaks). Fiona completes her transformation, and then returns to the floor and collapses. Shrek helps Fiona up. She's still an ogre, and tells Shrek that she doesn't understand, that she's supposed to be beautiful. Shrek tells her that she is beautiful, and they kiss again. At the swamp, Shrek and Fiona get married, with Donkey and all the fairy tale creatures as guests. The wedding song is "I'm a Believer", by Smash Mouth. One of the fairy godmothers transforms the three blind mice into horses, and a garlic bulb into a carriage, and then Shrek and Fiona leave in the carriage. Donkey takes over the song, with the others singing and dancing. The wedding celebration continues while Shrek and Fiona ride away into the sunset. The fairy tale ends with "And they lived ugly ever after. The end." The book closes, revealing the fairy tale to be "Shrek", and the song ends. written by Mu_Ve_Watchr_89. 
 The Nutty Professor (1996)541) Grossly overweight yet good-hearted professor Sherman Klump takes a special chemical that turns him into the slim but obnoxious Buddy Love. Brilliant and obese scientist Sherman Klump invents a miraculous weight-loss solution. After a date with chemistry student Carla Purty goes badly, a depressed Klump tries the solution on himself. Though he instantly loses 250 pounds, the side effects include a second personality: an obnoxiously self-assertive braggart who calls himself Buddy Love. Buddy proves to be more popular than Sherman, but his arrogance and bad behavior quickly spiral out of control. Jwelch5742 Sherman Klump is an incredibly fat and good-hearted man. He is a college professor on the verge of a breakthrough in DNA restructuring when he meets an admirer of his, named Carla, who is a teacher new to Klump's college. He is enamored of her, but is frustrated by his tremendous bulk. He then decides to test a formula on which he's been working on himself. He is then transformed into the lecherous swinger, Buddy Love, and romantic complications ensue. Philip Brubaker <coda@nando.net> Sherman Klump is a brilliant and a very fat man. One day he meets a beautiful and charming woman named Carla Purty, and he falls in love with her. He aware to the fact, though, that he is a clumsy fat guy, while she is a young gorgeous lady. This makes his depressed, but just until he finds the solution for his problem. He decides to drink a potion which he invented himself in his lab. The potion makes him look very good, and behave romantically. The new him, named Buddy Love, is the perfect solution for Klump, in his opinion. But is that what Carla really wants? rsilberman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lance Perkins (Eddie Murphy) is hosting an exercise program on TV for overweight people. Professor Sherman Klump (also Eddie Murphy), a kindly, well-liked, brilliant professor of genetics, gets ready for work. Meanwhile, 5,000 hamsters are overrunning Wellman College and causing general chaos. It turns out that these are the school's laboratory hamsters that 400-pound Sherman accidentally released the night before, his fat belly hitting the button that opens the cages when he turned around away from. The problem having been contained, Sherman is given an update by his assistant, Jason (John Ales), about their latest project an experimental formula that reconstructs the DNA of an obese person to make weight-loss easy. It seems that their fattest hamster, Shelley, has lost 3 ounces, proving that the serum works. Jason suggests increasing the amount Shelley is fed, but the ever-kindly Sherman argues against it, saying it could be dangerous. He then has an unpleasant meeting with Dean Richmond (Larry Miller). The Dean tells him that the incident with the hamsters has cost the science department most of its funding. Harlan Hartley (James Coburn) is the school's last remaining wealthy alumnus and is planning to award a $10 million grant to the college; Klump is warned not to alienate him as well. After class, Sherman meets and instantly falls in love with the lovely Miss Carla Purty (Jada Pinkett), a chemistry graduate student teaching a class across the hall, who is a big fan of his work. Later that night, Sherman dines with his obese and ill-mannered family (most of whom are also played by Murphy). After noticing that he's taking very small amounts of food from the table, Sherman reveals that he's trying to watch his weight and avoid the calories. His father, Cletus, scoffs him, believing that there's nothing wrong with being fat and that while Sherman can do whatever he can, he'll never get rid of his fat. After his mother, Anna, brings up Colon Cleansing she saw about on T.V., Cletus starts his habit of randomly passing gas, much to the humor of Ernie Sr. and Jr., but to the disgust of Sherman, Grandma, and Anna. Treating this disgraceful procedure religiously, he breaks wind to the point where he has soiled himself (6 times). Sherman is hurt by the comments Cletus makes, but Anna, tells him that he is "beautiful inside and out," saying that he can do anything if he just believes in himself. This prompts Sherman to attempt to ask Carla out on a date, which she accepts, much to his surprise. While watching Lance Perkins on TV giving one his speeches of motivation, Sherman falls asleep and dreams he is making out with Carla on a beach, but she gets buried in the sand by his weight. Sherman awakens to Perkins telling the viewers to get up and tell themselves "Yes I can!", which Sherman does. Now Sherman is motivated, full of energy, and is determined to lose some weight. A Rocky-style montage ensues, showing Sherman trying various methods to get fit before the big date. However, although the date begins well with Carla showing great admiration for Sherman's work with Shelley. Suddenly, an insult comic called Reggie Warrington (Dave Chappelle), takes over as the show's entertainer after the singers are done with their performance. Reggie heckles many of the other patrons for their odd appearances. Realizing he'll be next, Sherman tries to leave the scene, however, he only catches Reggie's attention sooner, heckling him mercilessly with cruel jokes about his obesity, ruining his night. Back at Carla's home with tears in his eyes, a deeply hurt and humiliated Sherman says goodbye to his date. Carla insults Reggie for what he did to him and tells Sherman that he is brilliant. Sherman tells her to have a pleasant evening and shakes her hand. Later that night, alone and depressed at home, Sherman stuffs himself with junk food while watching Perkins console a fat woman, who tells a sad story about how a man from a fraternity asked her out as an excuse to make fun of her obesity. Sherman dozes off in front of the TV set and has another nightmare in which he becomes a giant, with Reggie being present insulting him again, his mother offering him fried chicken, and his father supporting his fat weight. He lays waste to the city with a single fart which is accidentally lit, causing the town to explode. When he wakes, he finally yields to the temptation to try his new serum on himself. It seems to work perfectly: in seconds, he loses 300 pounds and becomes slim and fit. He goes out, all excited, hyped, and overjoyed with his new transformation, celebrating buying slim clothes for himself, especially spandex, peforming excercising classes perfectly, and just randomly shouting out the fact that he's thin. The following day, while still slim, he starts to flirt with Carla, who comes to the lab looking for Sherman. Quickly inventing the name "Buddy Love" for his new alter ego - based on a security guard's saying "Hey, buddy, what the hell happened here?". Although 'Love' is his own contribution, he invites Carla back to The Scream. However, the serum then begins to wear off (i.e. one hand bulking up and his voice returning to normal) and he ushers Carla out. Carla later tells Sherman about Buddy and Sherman encourages her to go out with him. At The Scream, Buddy turns up very late in a brand new Dodge Viper and an angry Carla about to leave. The hyperactive Buddy obnoxiously begs her to go back inside with him, which she gives up to. This time, when Reggie appears, and starts his revenge against Reggie, by heckling him about his appearance mercilessly. Reggie tries to start firing off Yo Mama jokes to stupe him, however, Buddy once again overpowers him and takes the stage from Reggie. Finally pissed off, Reggie tries challenging Buddy to a Karate match, but he is once again overpowered as he performs Minnie Riperton's 1975 hit Lovin' You on the piano for Carla, and forces Reggie to perform her signature high-pitched squeal. He announces "Reggie has left the building! Thank you and good night!" before throwing him into the piano. Buddy returns to Carla, who is delighted with him. He gives a waiter a credit card to pay for the meal. Buddy and Carla then share a kiss. Immediately after, the serum begins to wear off and Buddy makes a quick exit, attributing it to an allergic reaction to Carla's lipstick (the 'bulking up' beginning with his lower lip, and his midsection begins to swell up). Jason happens to be at the bar and notes that the card Buddy is using belongs to Sherman. He follows Buddy into the sports car to confront him, only to learn Sherman's secret when he discovers him in mid-transformation, culminating in Sherman's having to be cut out of the car when he becomes too big to use the door. The next morning, Sherman is very late for a class and his students have all left. The Dean, however, is there and he confronts Sherman about the sports car, which Buddy bought on Sherman's faculty account. The Dean threatens to strangle Sherman and 'cut off your air supply until you pass away' if he screws up again and asks him to meet Hartley at a hotel restaurant called The Ritz to describe the weight-loss serum. Later, in the lab, Jason tells Sherman that he can't control Buddy, whose testosterone levels keep rising per transformation, as Buddy acted the exact opposite of who Sherman, and Buddy is now becoming an independent personality instead of a thin Sherman. He warns him not to use the serum again and to focus instead on the research for Hartley. Later, Carla talks to Sherman about her date with Buddy and Sherman takes the opportunity to ask Carla to dinner with his family, who promptly embarrass him by making various suggestive comments about their relationship, his grandmother especially pushing the question on whether or not they're having relations, and that there's nothing wrong to admitting if they are, calling it a beautiful thing. Cletus farts again. His confidence low and, after Carla mentions that she would like the opportunity to get to know the caring person she sometimes sees in Buddy's eyes, he uses the serum again. Jason tries to stop Buddy, but to no avail. Sherman seemingly tries to communicate to Jason from deep down inside Buddy and instructs Jason to go into the storage closet to get an antidote, but it turns out to be a trick by Buddy who locks Jason in before departing. Buddy, who is becoming ever more aggressive, takes Carla out on a second date - this time to the hotel where Sherman was to meet Hartley. The Dean, looking for Sherman, asks Carla if she knows where Sherman is, but Carla asks Buddy if he could take Sherman's place. With the Dean desperate to get the grant, he allows Buddy to talk to Hartley, but with Buddy subsequently taking all the credit for the work, much to Carla's shock and outrage. Hartley and the Dean are both impressed, the Dean later asking if Buddy would be willing to fill in for Sherman on a more permanent basis and performing a final demonstration for Hartley at the alumni ball the following night. Buddy then picks up three beautiful women at the hotel to take back with him. Carla finds out, and attempts to leave Buddy. Buddy then invites Carla to join them in some "group activity," which only turns her away even more, calling him a "sick, twisted freak." Undaunted, he throws a loud party at Sherman's house that night, burning all the health food products in the fridge. Having transformed back to his normal self during the night, Sherman awakens to find himself surrounded by strange women. He has no memory of the previous night and is stunned to find the whole house in disarray. Carla arrives shortly thereafter to tell Sherman that she has left Buddy and to apologize about her encouraging Buddy to talk to Hartley. One of the women from the hotel the night before comes out of Sherman's room asking for Buddy and Carla thinks Sherman is as unfaithful as Buddy to the extent that the two of them actually share women. Sherman tries to explain that it's not what she thinks, but she doesn't listen. To add to Sherman's problems as he chases after her, he finds an eviction notice taped to his front door by his unseen grouchy downstairs neighbor and landlord, Mr. Wilson, owing to all the noise Buddy and the party had made during the night. Jason then enters the scene and tells Sherman that they need to go to the lab. Trying to collect himself, Sherman tells Jason that it needs to wait until later. However, Jason stresses that there won't be a later and a visit to the lab soon confirms that Dean Richmond has fired Sherman, replaced him with Buddy, given him Sherman's ticket to the alumni ball, and gloatingly promises to ruin Sherman. At home, depressed, Sherman accidentally activates the VCR, where Buddy has left a message taunting Sherman and encouraging him to take the serum once again. This inspires Sherman to take his life back, resolved to prove that he can defeat Buddy. He and Jason start destroying all the serum samples, but, when he sips a diet drink that Buddy has craftily filled with the serum, he transforms again. Buddy, who has "taken on a life of his own" with a vengeance, tells Jason that he has calculated that if he drinks 500 mL of the serum, he will have enough cellular stability to be thin forever, thus "killing" Sherman; however, he cannot drink all of that serum at once, as it would (literally) kill Sherman and therefore Buddy, too. Buddy, however, has a plan to drink 250 mL of the serum while still in the lab and the other 250 at the alumni ball. He then knocks Jason out and heads to the alumni ball to carry out his plan, which will simultaneously prove the validity of Sherman's research. Buddy arrives at the ball three hours late and starts acting rowdily to the disgrace of Dean Richmond, who scolds him for not being there on time. Buddy responds by threatening the Dean in the same way he threatened Sherman (by strangling him to death). He then begins to make his way to the stage where his plan will be put into place. Back at the lab, Jason regains consciousness just in time to see a warning on the lab computer that Buddy's testosterone levels are at a lethally high 60,000% and darts out of the lab to head for the ball. There, Buddy begins to demonstrate the effects of the serum to the amazed audience (which includes the Dean, Carla, Hartley, and Sherman's parents), allowing himself to briefly 'bulk up' just enough to demonstrate how one sip of the serum is effective enough to make him thin. Then, as he prepares to drink the second dose of serum to stay Buddy Love forever, Jason runs in and tries to stop him. Buddy punches Jason, but Jason hits back. As Buddy stands poised to return a blow, Sherman starts to "fight" him for control of his body: fat and thin body parts beginning with his right fist and subsequently varying around the rest of his body alternate with increasing speed while Buddy's voice shouts "You can't beat me!" and Sherman's voice replies "Yes I can!". Eventually, after a violent transformation/confrontation, Sherman wins the struggle. Still on stage, he tells the awed alumni that, while he started out wanting to help people, what he did was selfish and foolish and that he has learned that the important thing is to accept himself as he is, rather than being unhappy about how much he weighs. He leaves, but Carla stops him and asks him why he lied. He explains that he did not believe that she would accept him, and he'll just have to accept the fact that he'll always be fat no matter what. She proves him wrong when she asks him to dance and he agrees Jason subsequently arriving with a tuxedo that fits. The two subsequently dance for the rest of the night, much to the approval of Jason and Sherman's family. Hartley then tells the Dean that he's decided to give Sherman the grant, because he's "a brilliant scientist and a gentleman." 
 Dreamgirls (2006)651) A trio of black female soul singers cross over to the pop charts in the early 1960s, facing their own personal struggles along the way. Detroit, the early 1960s. Curtis Taylor, Jr., a car salesman, breaks into the music business with big dreams. He signs a trio of young women, the Dreamettes, gets them a job backing an R&B performer, James "Thunder" Early, establishes his own record label and starts wheeling and dealing. When Early flames out, Curtis makes the Dreamettes into headliners as the Dreams, but not before demoting their hefty big-voiced lead singer, Effie White, and putting the softer-voiced looker, Deena Jones, in front. Soon after, he fires Effie, sends her into a life of proud poverty, and takes Deena and the Dreams to the top. How long can Curtis stay there, and will Effie ever get her due? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It's the mid-1960s. Detroit-based The Dreamettes, a black girl singing group, is comprised of lead Effie White, and her backup singers Deena Jones and Lorrell Robinson. They are struggling to make a name for themselves despite their talent. At a local talent competition, they are approached by Curtis Taylor Jr., a used car salesman who wants to break into the music business on the management side. He offers them a job singing backup for James "Thunder" Early, a renowned local black performer who has more of a reputation as a married man seducing his backup singers than his onstage actions, hence the reason he is having problems finding those backup singers. The girls reluctantly accept the offer, that reluctance based on Effie in particular not seeing themselves as backups to anyone else. In making a name for himself and the girls, Curtis brings along for the ride Effie's songwriting brother C.C., and in the process also takes over Jimmy's career. Despite embarking on a sexual relationship, Curtis and Effie, both strong personalities, begin to have diverging views of what it takes to make it in the business, Curtis who sees them needing to break what is racial barrier by sounding more mainstream or "white". The others have to decide what to do, and to who their loyalties lie as they try to make it to the top. Those views may change over time with the onset of the seventies and the change of mainstream musical tastes to disco, and as they see the view from the top in trying to stay there as opposed to looking at the top from the bottom. Huggo Full of soul and emotion, the Detroit-based black vocal trio known as The Dreamettes, composed of lead singer Effie White, and backup singers Deena Jones and Lorrell Robinson, are bent on fulfilling their big dream to conquer the top. Before long, after a chance encounter with ambitious Curtis Taylor Jr., a used car salesman, at an amateur talent show, The Dreamettes become backup singers for the legendary R&B star, Jimmy "Thunder" Early--a make-or-break opportunity that the girls are determined not to waste it. Nick Riganas Based on the 1981 Broadway musical comes Dreamgirls, a story of greed, tough hate, and romance. Three young women - Deena Jones, Effie White, and Lorrell Robinson - desire to become pop stars and get their wish when they're picked to be backup singers for the legendary James "Thunder" Early. Then they're set free for leads, but Curtis Taylor and Effie's brother C.C. decide for Deena to be lead which upsets Effie. Corey Semple (MrAshleyTisdale07) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the late 1960's and early 70's, three friends from Detroit, Effie White (Jennifer Hudson), Deena Jones (Beyonc Knowles), and Lorrell Robinson (Anika Noni Rose), form an R&B act called 'The Dreamettes'. The women compete in a local talent contest where they are discovered by Curtis Taylor, Jr. (Jamie Foxx), a ruthless talent manager who offers them a job to be the backup singers for headliner James 'Thunder' Early (Eddie Murphy). They take the job and soon find out that Curtis has now taken over their lives. Their first professional show is at the Apollo Theatre in New York City. Effie's brother, C.C. White (Keith Robinson) is a talented songwriter who begins to write songs for Early and the group. Using the talents of C.C., Curtis decides to change their style from R&B music to pop music and to go out on their own. Curtis also moves the beautiful Deena to the lead singer spot and moves Effie to backup. Now called 'The Dreams,' they become a worldwide success with Deena as the lead singer. However, in time the three women realize that life is not all about fame and fortune. The moral of this story is that family and friends are the most important aspect of life. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 