nm0009690:

 Rock 'n' Roll Frankenstein (1999)Summaries A music agent, his necrophiliac nephew and a burnt-out roadie join forces to create a superstar from the body parts of legendary dead rockers. But things go bad when Jim Morrison's genitalia is mistakenly switched for Liberace's. Music agent Bernie Stein, his scientist nephew Frankie, and a drugged out roadie named Iggy team to create a superstar by putting together the remains of dead rockers. All goes according to plan until a mishap leads Iggy to steal Liberace's private parts instead of those of Jim Morrison. The monster is brought to life and is on the road to rock 'n' roll success when the Liberace side of the monster begins to assert itself, with tragic results. W.B. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bugged (1996)Summaries Urban America calls on exterminators to wipe out the unwanted vermin. In BUGGED, the only unwanted vermin is the man! Sexy homemaker Devine (Priscilla K. Basque) hires a whacked-out group of "Bugbusters" to rid her house of insects. But it's not long before the bugs grow to enormous sizes, and the exterminators become the exterminated! Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 12 to Midnight (2021 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cuny Island (1991)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 