nm0011154:

 Narc (2002)321) When the trail goes cold on a murder investigation of a policeman an undercover narcotics officer is lured back to the force to help solve the case. An undercover narc dies, the investigation stalls, so the Detroit P.D. brings back Nick Tellis, fired 18-months ago when a stray bullet hits a pregnant woman. Tellis teams with Henry Oak, a friend of the dead narc and an aggressive cop constantly under the scrutiny of internal affairs. They follow leads, informants turn up dead, Nick's wife is unhappy he's back on the street, Henry's protective of the dead cop's wife. Nick reads and re-reads the case file, broods, watches Oak's heavy-handed style, sometimes joining in. The brass want to close out the case, Nick and Henry stay on it, and bits of evidence point them to an auto body shop. What actually happened; will Nick ever know? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nick Tellis (Jason Patric) is an undercover cop remembering his last assignment which ended in a strenuous foot chase after a drug dealer named Dowd. Dowd is fast and ruthless, shooting up a bystander with a lethal dose of drugs, although Tellis runs past the victim in order to catch him, although he next grabs a little girl from a playground and threatens to shoot her up too. Tellis however, shoots the dealer anyway, firing several shots. He kills the dealer and the girl is unharmed, but one of his bullets ricochets and hits a pregnant woman who is bleeding badly. Tellis screams for help as children scream in the background, and the woman sobs in pain. We next see Nick Tellis 8 months later, on suspension, talking to a police committee about the incident. They mention the woman nearly dying and losing her baby. Tellis reminds them that these details have been covered and becomes agitated when a woman on the committee, Liz Detmer (Karen Robinson) asks him if he's contacted the Jeanine Mueller (Lina Giornofelice,) the woman who lost her baby. He reveals that he's spoken to her but refuses to give details, feeling it's his own personal business. She asks him if he feels the infant's death could have been avoided if he'd "acted less aggressively." He responds by saying: Tellis: My duty assignment was solely undercover narcotic work. Do you have any idea what that entails? Liz: I have a general idea. Yeah. Tellis: Well then, generally speaking, you don't know what the fuck you're talking about. Detmer keeps questioning whether he could have used more restraint and Tellis insisting she doesn't know what she's talking about. He insists "If you want to talk I'll talk, I have no problem with that, but if this becomes some half ass ambush and you're putting me under the lamp, I will walk. Now." The committee goes quiet and Tellis is asked if he's familiar with "The Michael Calvess case" Tellis says that he is. They reveal that Calvess was a cop who was murdered and they've been investigating for over sixty days without turning up any evidence or suspects, although they're still determined to solve it. The committee feels that due to his quick dismissal from the force after the discussed incident, his drug element contacts may still be intact. They offer him reinstatement as a homicide detective if he agrees to help with the case. Tellis immediately says "No." and walks out while they're talking. He's followed out by Captain Cheevers (Chi McBride) who apologizes for them putting him on the spot and asks him to look through some files. We see Nick at home with his wife Audrey (Krista Bridges) and baby son. Resting on the couch he fills her in on the meeting. He remarks "They expect you to come in with this glad to be here bullshit, head hung low, hat in hand." She asks why he bothered going and he says "They asked." Audrey isn't pleased at at the thought of him looking through files, suspected he'll only get more involved. He mentions that welfare isn't working well enough and she suggests he do something else for work. Tellis goes in and starts scanning files, visualizing how the the murder could have happened. He then asks for Calvess' personal affects, finding pictures from his daughter, awards, an unopened Christmas present, and photos of Calvess with his family. He finds the name "Henry Oak" on most of the relevant and helpful reports. He asks Captain Cheevers about Oak, and Cheevers explains that Henry Oak is restricted from working on the case, because he and Calvess were too close. Cheevers explains that it was Oak that found the body and says "He's swinging a big stick. He makes solid collars that make solid cases. But, between you and me...He's not stable. He's all of that shit a cop just cannot be. Not right now. Not in this city. Not in this department.We're talking about a marked name." We see Henry Oak (Ray Liotta) in the police station, putting a billiard ball into a sock and watching as a convict is escorted out. He approaches the convict and swings the sock into his face, knocking him down and then continuing to beat him with it. The other officers attempt to calm him down (from a safe distance.) Oak screams at the convict "I swear to fucking God, if I get another call you're beating on your wife and kids, you're fucking dead!" His fellow officers pull him back, but he shakes them off and says "Get this piece of shit out of here!" Tellis points out that Oak is likely not listening to the department's ban on him investigating. Cheevers cautions Tellis from putting too much on Oak, figuring that IAD could bring an indictment against him at any time.Tellis suggests that he hold off IAD by requiring Oak's involvement in the case. Cheevers tells him that's only possible if he's involved as well to provide some supervision. Tellis claims he isn't interested in active assignment but needs a paycheck. He tells Cheever he doesn't want to work the streets though and needs a desk job. Cheevers says "Fine. Get me a conviction, I'll get you a desk." Tellis and Oak meet at the police shooting range, then go have coffee. Oak tells Tellis he must be "someone special" to get him reassigned to the case. Tellis downplays it, claiming it was mostly Oak's own work. Oak is up front with his suspicions, asking Tellis if he's working with internal affairs, pointing out that getting dirt on him might get him back into favor with the department. Oak: You weren't approached or asked in any way to keep tabs on me for IA? Tellis: No, I was not. Hey, I don't blame you for asking. You don't do what I did and just waltz back in. Oak: Now what does that tell you? Tellis: That tells me that this investigation is running on fucking fumes. Oak: Don't get confused thinking that this is about Calvess. Tellis: I know it's not. Oak: This is all politics. This is political appointments, it's referendums, it's squashing a race riot. You think those assholes upstairs give a shit and shake about Michael Calvess? They didn't know him. They don't care about him and they can't forget about him fast enough. The only thing you need to know about me is that I'm going to bag the motherfuckers that killed Mike. If that means breaking every point of procedure, then they're broke. It's because his life is worth a little bit more than a wreath and a rifle salute. Tellis goes home and finds his wife in bed already. She refuses to give him a kiss or talk to him initially. The screen splits and we see Oak questioning people about Jimmy Fredericks (Mike Calvess' street name.) Tellis joins in as well and we see Oaks and Tellis each questioning people on their own. The screen splits into four to show all their activity, and then back to two and one, bringing Oaks and Tellis back together on the job responding to a scene where where other officers responded to a junkie trying to light his girlfriend on fire, and heard him mention Jimmy Fredericks. The junkie claims he used to snitch for Fredericks and will talk to them for a reduced sentence. Tellis and Oak confront the junkie, Octavio (John Ortiz) who claims he tried to burn her for giving him a venereal disease that left him black and blue and unable to wear pants. Despite the fact that they're cops, Octavio asks them if he can take a "quick hit." They look away while he lights up. He tells them he say Fredericks fighting with a Leo Lee. Tellis knows who Leo is. Octavio remembers that Fredericks/Calvess had a bad temper and after fighting, spit on Leo. Oak asks Tellis about Leo Lee, or Leonard Leflore, as Calvess' files never mentioned him. Tellis calls him a nickel bagger into drugs and guns, but figures he has outstanding warrants out on him. Tellis and Oak stage a raid of Leo's place, but only find a badly decomposed corpse in the bathtub. The coroner tells them he's been dead two-three weeks. Tellis finds a gun in the tub with the body and is surprised that the weapon is "tactical issue, Metro PD" and used by the SWAT team. Oak concludes that the man killed himself with it, but Tellis doesn't think so, realizing the gun didn't have a mark from the firing pin. Knowing Leo, Tellis imagines that Leo dropped and broke his pipe and rather than get out of the water, tried to smoke from the gun forgetting there was a bullet in the chamber, and lighting it up, blew his head off. Tellis is bothered by the gun, figuring Leo had to have known a cop. Tellis gets home earlier and fights with Audrey. He acts as if everything is normal but she reminds him what they had to go through when he was undercover. He claims "It's two weeks work." but she doesn't accept that. She can't understand why he'd return to it, but Tellis asks her what if it had been him that was killed. Back at the station Oaks tells Tellis he was right about the gun and it had been a department gun, and that they'd found a set of prints on it from a gang member, Latroy Steeds, who was just released from prison a week ago. Investigating Latroy, they find he hasn't checked in with his parole officer at all. Tellis and Oaks discuss family, Tellis explaining that he's been married a year and a half. Oaks says that he was married for almost sixteen years, and lost his wife to cancer. Tellis feels awkward, but Oaks says he doesn't mind talking about her, and if he wanted to avoid it he could take off his wedding ring. Oaks remembers how she used to comfort him when he started out working vice and calls lying his head in her lap and looking at her "the best place I've ever been." Oak says: "I'll tell you this much, I became a much better cop the day she died. And any half step, any hesitation I had about the job was gone. I see a dead bolted door, I break it down and be the first one in the room. I started working Joint Task Force, the head crack, hang wrecking crew. Zombie squad. It was a diversion. It was just a way to keep from thinking about her. I remember one night I went with the sheriffs on a warrant raid. This dipshit was selling meth out of his apartment. It was just a stop and pop, broke down the door, rousted the guy. I was in one of the back rooms looking for junk. An I hear something. I turn around and see these, these eyes staring at me from a closet. It was a little girl. A little ten year old girl. naked.shaking like a leaf, she was scared to death. Her stepfather was pimping her out for rent. Wrapped her in my coat, carried her out to the squad car. I went back and I beat that motherfucker half to death. I thought of my wife. I thought of the baby we never had, all the things about her that I hung on to. Because a little girl being brutalized, a little girl being abused has got nothing to do with the rules and regulations and everything to do with right and wrong. It's the same thing with Calvess. Tellis looks through Calvess' photos again and decides to visit Calvess' wife, Kathryn (Anne Openshaw) He returns Calvess' personal effects to her. He asks her if the undercover work affected their home life. She's hesitant to discuss this aspect of Calvess with him. She remembers that Oak gave her the news and he had tears in his eyes. While they're talking Henry comes by for a visit and the girls are happy to see him. Oak seems upset with Tellis being there and asks him to step outside. He screams at Tellis, not to talk to her without him being there. Tellis looks through Calvess' files again and in his recovered substances finds chemicals similair to those that the dealer from the beginning used to kill the bystander. He tells Oaks that the drug was called "burnback" and was basically drug tablescraps. He thinks they might have been trying to sell burnback to Calvess. Through another incident he finds a connection to Eugene Sheps (Bishop Brigante) Tellis talks with Eugene while Oaks looks through the cabinets. Tellis wants to know who sold him the burnback since the dealer he killed at the beginning is dead. When Eugene doesn't give them any information they start tearing up his place finding guns in the freezer. They find that Eugene also has a police shield. While they look at it Eugene pulls a gun and starts firing at them, shooting Tellis, while Oaks kills Eugene. Oaks calls it in and Tellis wakes up in the hospital. He overhears his wife talking to doctors who are concerned about his previous drug use. Tellis gets out quickly and he and Oaks meet with Captain Cheevers who informs them that they're closing the case and saying Eugene murdered Calvess. Oaks is mad as neither of them believe that Eugene was capable of it. The badge he had belonged to a Richard Dekolvie, who was stabbed to death three years ago. Tellis points out that Calvess' murder would have required two men much bigger than Eugene. Cheevers, however, says it's out of his hands. At home, Audrey tells Nick he has to stop now. She says she's seen him "like this" before, and although she was willing to go through it then she isn't now. He insists that it isn't done. Audrey says "What, you think catching 'em is going to make you less like them? Purified? Just like Calvess? You know what, that's bullshit Nick 'cause that's not what he was. That's not what you are. I love you. But with everything that I am, I'm still going to leave. 'cause I can't be with you like this." Nick doesn't respond. Tellis goes to work and finds some files left for him. Oaks interrupts him with information on the name that Eugene gave them, on Darnell "Big D." Love. Oaks points out that he was booked with both Latroy Steeds and Eugene and that they had all worked at Titan's Auto. The two two of them visit Titan's Auto with guns out, covering different floors once in the building. Oaks hears talking downstairs and fires before confronting them. Upstairs someone fires at Tellis with an automatic weapon and runs. Tellis chases him down and finds it's Darnell (Busta Rhymes) Oaks has a man, Latroy Steeds (Richard Chevolleau) cuffed already and he questions them both after cuffing them together. Oaks tells them if they don't help they'll leave in bags, but Darnell tells him they can't do that as it's illegal. Oaks and Tellis start searching the place, destroying cars and looking inside everything. Oaks shoots Darnell's personal car with his shotgun while Tellis checks another, finding a trunk full of weapons. Oaks takes a look and finds another police weapon which he says is Calvess' gun. When confronted, Darnell accuses Oaks of planting the gun. Tellis looks a little suspicious but doesn't say anything. Oaks narrates to them how they killed Calvess. When he tells them to remember Jimmy Fredericks, Darnell says "He was a fucking junkie man." sending Oaks into an outrage. Darnell says "Come on man, we sold to that motherfucker every day, three or four times a day." only angering Oaks more. He screams that Darnell is lying and that they found out he was undercover, tried to kill him with a bad score, and shot him when it didn't work. Darnell says that it was Calvess who gave them the cop guns, in trade for drugs. Oaks loses it and starts beating Darnell, screaming "He was a cop! He was a cop you killed! He had a fucking wife! He had kids!" He beats him savagely until Tellis pulls him away. Tellis proposes they take prints off the weapon and call it in but Oaks tells him not to call in as he wants to get confessions on tape first. He tells Oaks to grab the print kit while he goes upstairs to find more evidence. When Oaks leaves the room Tellis blocks the door and talks to the two cuffed men. Darnell remembers him from the past, but also knows that it was him that killed the "burnback" dealer. They tell him that Calvess had sold him out. He asks why Darnell had told Oaks that he already knew who killed Calvess. Darnell answers "That means that your fucking partner Oak is dirty, man. He's lying to you" explaining further that Oaks was in the tunnel. Darnell reveals that he knew Calvess by his real name, because he got strung out and blew his own cover. He supplied them with badges, ID's and guns and other cops identities when he didn't have money and kept them out of reports. Darnell recounts that Calvess had called him to the tunnel at 6 in the morning strung out and shaking with no money or anything to trade. Darnell told him to fuck off and Calvess threatened to arrest him and Oak showed up behind him in the distance. Calvess saw Oaks and reached for his gun trying to arrest them. Darnell and the other man hit him and knocked him down. They both ran as Oaks was approaching and Oaks started shooting, wounding one of them. Darnell overheard Calvess and Oaks arguing before Oaks killed Calvess. Tellis starts hitting Darnell not wanting to believe him. They point out that he had opened the trunk first and ask if he remembers seeing the gun before Oaks checked it out. Oaks finds the door blocked and pounds on it. Tellis unblocks the door and confronts Oaks outside. Oaks is angry that he spoke to them while he was outside, but Tellis insists on answers. He asks Oak if he learned that Calvess had blown his cover and was tailing him for that. Oak claims he wasn't tailing him, but Tellis asserts that he was there before Calvess died. Oaks claims he was helping Calvess with a bust and it went bad, but Tellis asks why he couldn't identify the men then. Oaks calls Tellis a washout, recounting his incident which cost the woman a baby. Tellis gets angry himself telling Oaks "Shut the fuck up! You're a fucking lie!" He shows Oaks a form from child welfare regarding Kathryn Tunney (Calvess wife) who was the girl in the closet from the story Oaks told him. Tellis had found a trail of Kathryn's drug offenses which Oaks had hidden using his influence. Tellis turns his back and says he's calling it in. Oaks pulls his shotgun and demands Tellis' gun and shield. When Tellis doesn't comply, Oaks hits him. On the ground Tellis, theorizes that he killed Calvess to keep him from breaking Kathryn's heart and says "he was a junkie, how long before he started pimping her out right?" Oaks kicks him again and tells him to go home while he goes inside to finish things up. Oaks goes inside and turns on a tape recorder, demanding that they confess to killing Calvess. When they don't cooperate he fires a few shots right next to their heads. He forces them to hold Calvess' gun. Tellis gets up and pulls a gun on Oaks telling him to stop, as it appears he's about to shoot Darnell. Tellis shoots Oaks and he drops. Tellis leans down and demands Oaks admit he was there to kill him. A very weakened Oak says "They ruined him. They made him that way. They made him a junkie. The department takes everything. The pension. Everything. The family gets nothing. Kathy gets nothing. " Tellis insists "You tell me the truth. Do not fucking go." Oaks whispers to Tellis and we see the scene in flashback. Oaks sees Calvess with Darnell and his associate arguing and approaches them. Calvess pulls his gun and they hit him and run. Oaks runs toward Calvess who is shooting at the dealers. Oaks takes the gun from Calvess and tells him "I'm taking you out." telling him they need to get him help and reminding him what he's doing to his family. He tells Calvess that it's over and apologizes for taking so long to act. Calvess shoots himself and Oaks loses his composure telling Calvess he's sorry. Darnell drags his unconscious partner out of the warehouse while Tellis sits with a deceased Oaks. He looks at the tape recorder near them with a button depressed. 
 Romeo Must Die (2000)651) An avenging cop seeks out his brother's killer and falls for the daughter of a businessman who is involved in a money-deal with his father. In this modern day Romeo and Juliet, kung fu action star Jet Li plays Romeo to hip-hop singer, Aaliyah Haughton's Juliet. Li is an ex-cop investigating the murder of his brother, who had ties with the Chinese mafia in America. Aaliyah plays the daughter of the American mob boss. Neither side approves of their romance, so, obviously, kung fu action ensues, with a soundtrack by Aaliyah. Pugnax the Great <pugnax@hotmail.com> The death of Han Sing's little brother catapults him out of a Hong Kong jail to the Oakland-San Francisco waterfront, where he vows to find his brother's killers. His quest lands him in the middle of a three-way deal between Chinese, Black and White "businessmen" who will stop at nothing to create a new money-making stadium. Han finds help from Trish, a woman with close connections to the Black mob, and together they work to find their brothers' killers. Djung Han Sing is an ex-cop who went to prison in Hong Kong to let his father, a Chinese crime lord, and his brother escape to San Francisco. When his brother is killed, seemingly by a black gang headed by Isaak O'Day, Sing breaks out of prison and gets to America to discover his brother's killer and avenge his death. Wayne West <wwphx@hotmail.com> When a Chinese gang lord's son is murdered in Oakland, his brother, Han, breaks out of a Hong Kong prison to find out how it happened and to avenge his death. He arrives on controlled turf, a waterfront run by the rival gang-lords Ch'u Sing (Han's father) and Isaak O'Day, and their respective Chinese and African-American crime organizations. When it is clear that something bigger is involved, Han teams up with O'Day's daughter Trish to continue the hunt for justice. LVJeff Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two rival gangs, one Asian, the other African American, are locked in a fierce and brutal turf battle, vying for control of Oakland's waterfront properties. But when the first casualty is the Asian warlord's son Po, the gang war becomes more dangerous than either side ever imagined. News of the murder gets back to Po's big brother Han (Jet Li - Lethal Weapon 4, Kiss Of the Dragon), a legendary ex-cop currently imprisoned in a Hong Kong jail. In a world of vicious rivalries and violent betrayals, Han has no choice but to escape and declare war himself. But unlike others, who can only use weapons, Han IS a weapon. And falling into his sightlines can be a deadly mistake. 
 X-Men: The Last Stand (2006)761) The human government develops a cure for mutations, and Jean Gray becomes a darker uncontrollable persona called the Phoenix who allies with Magneto, causing escalation into an all-out battle for the X-Men. When a "cure" is created, which apparently can turn any mutant into a "normal" human being, there is outrage amongst the mutant community. While some mutants do like the idea of a "cure", including Rogue, many mutants find that there shouldn't be a "cure". Magneto, who still believes a war is coming, recruits a large team of mutants to take down Warren Worthington II and his "cure". Might seem easy for the X-Men to stop, but Magneto has a big advantage, which Wolverine doesn't have. Jean Grey has returned, and joined with Magneto. The Dark Phoenix has woken within her, which has the ability to destroy anything in her way, even if that "anything" is an X-Man. rsanchez When a special medicinal "cure" for mutants is created by a government funded laboratory, a choice is to be made by mutants all over the world. However, this does not sit well with Professor X and his X-Men, who are questioning about the situation. But Magneto sees this news as a threat, and begins to build a mutant army in order to destroy it. On the other hand, in light of the returning Jean Grey, the X-Men find that they are not only up against Magneto and his Brotherhood, but a deadly force more powerful than anything that came before. Blazer346 After the uneasy alliance with Magneto in X2 (2003) , the entire species of the powerful meta-humans find themselves before an agonising dilemma: with the aid of a revolutionary medical treatment, all mutants can now suppress their extraordinary gene, to live an ordinary life as humans. To further complicate matters--as the former X-Men member, Jean Grey, evolves into the dark and omnipotent Phoenix--Magneto amasses an invincible army of mutated supporters, against the backdrop of odious conflict within the mutant community. At first, the super-humans were fighting for acceptance, then, for survival. Now, all mutants must choose sides. Can Professor X, Storm, Wolverine, and a handful of loyal X-Men stop the formidable menace, Phoenix? Nick Riganas The X-Men, mutant heroes sworn to defend a world that hates and fears them, are back. This time, with the help of new recruits Beast and Angel, they must face evolution in the form of their former teammate, Jean Grey. Possessed with the cosmic power of the Dark Phoenix, the resurrected Jean Grey has become a danger to herself, her mutant comrades, and the entire planet. To stave off this imminent threat to humanity, a potential "cure" is discovered and processed to treat, and ultimately eliminate, genetic mutations, once and for all. Now, as the battle lines are drawn, the X-Men, led by Professor Charles Xavier, must contend with Jean Grey's world-consuming powers, as well as the malevolent Brotherhood, a band of powerful mutants organized under Xavier's former ally, Magneto. comicfan When a private laboratory, supported by the government, finds a "cure" for the mutants, using the D.N.A. of a powerful boy, the mutants have the option of giving up their powers and become human, but their society split. Magneto opposes and decides to join a force to fight against the government, and kill the mutant boy. Meanwhile, Jean Grey resurrects uncontrolled by Xavier and with the personality of the powerful Dark Phoenix. She destroys Cyclops and Professor Charles Xavier, and allies with the evil forces of Magneto, making them almost invincible. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. (For the sake of continuity and uniformity, each mutant's 'human name' will be listed only once, and they will thereafter be referred to by their 'mutant' names.) The movie opens in a quiet suburban neighborhood in the 1980's. Professor Charles Xavier (Patrick Stewart) and Eric Lensherr/Magneto (Ian McKellen) are arriving at the Grey home to both personally evaluate a potential new student for the school Xavier has established for mutants. Mr. and Mrs. Grey call their young daughter, Jean, down to speak with Magneto and Xavier. As Jean sits, Xavier senses immediately that she's telepathically reading his and Magneto's thoughts, and gently admonishes her, saying that he and Magneto are 'like her.' In a surprisingly adult-like voice for a young adolescent, Jean says she doubts either of them are like her. A second later, all the cars outside begin to levitate, much to the amazement of Xavier and Magneto. A man watering his garden gawks as the water coming out of his garden hose begins to flow straight upward. Xavier quietly asks Jean if she wishes to learn to control her immense power, or let it control her. Ten years later, in a high-rise luxury building, a boy scrapes at his back, crying as he does so. The boy's father, Warren Worthington II (Michael Murphy) knocks on the bathroom door, concerned. He asks his son to open the door. Warren III cries out suddenly, in fright, for his father to give him one second, and starts hurriedly trying to hide what he's been doing. Several bloody rags are seen beside the sink, and Worthington hears the sound of clanking as his son rushes to hide his razor and several other sharp metal objects. Knowing something is seriously amiss, Worthington kicks the door in and sees what his son was trying to hide. Several bloody feathers are on the bathroom floor, having sprouted from bony protrusions under the skin on Warren III's back. Warren III is a mutant. In the present day, the X-Men are in the Danger Room, Xavier's training simulation chamber, playing out a defense against a futuristic robotic attack. Peter Rasputin/Colossus (Daniel Cudmore) turns himself and Marie D'Ancanto/Rogue (Anna Paquin) into organic steel to protect them both from flying debris. Bobby Drake/Iceman (Shawn Ashmore) stops an incoming guided missile by freezing it, knocking out its heat sensors. Just then, another one comes flying in, and Kitty Pryde/Shadowcat (Ellen Page) grabs him and puts both he and herself out of phase, so the missile passes harmlessly through them. Ororo Munroe/Storm (Halle Berry) and Wolverine/Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) note that the massive robotic entity they are training against is routing all of the X-Men. Wolverine tells Storm that the younger, less experienced of the X-Men aren't practiced and strong enough yet. Over Storm's protests that the X-Men need to work as a team, Wolverine has Colossus hurl him straight at the robot, using his adamantium claws to tear the head off the robot. The robot's head, that of a Sentinel, crashes to the ground. Wolverine walks out from behind it. Storm and Wolverine argue as the X-Men leave the simulation room. The training exercise was meant to help the team learn to operate together and defend, while Wolverine believes in the best defense being a good offense. Wolverine also reminds Storm that he's just a substitute for Scott Summers/Cyclops (James Marsden), who's been severely depressed since his girlfriend, Jean Grey, drowned while saving the X-team at Alkali Lake. Scott sits alone in his room, haunted by the loss. Meanwhile, Rogue has a brief spat with Iceman. She loves him, but their relationship torments her because he can't touch her bare skin safely because of her life-leeching powers. In another part of the school Wolverine finds Cyclops heading out of the school and there is a brief, but emotional, confrontation over both of them having loved Jean and are mourning her death. Hank McCoy/Beast (Kelsey Grammer), Secretary of Mutant Affairs in the presidential cabinet, is reading a scientific magazine with articles on mutation and the gene that helps bring it about, relaxing while hanging upside down from the ceiling. His secretary announces the start of a Presidential staff meeting. As Beast arrives at the meeting, Homeland Security secretary Trask (Bill Duke) announces that they lost a track on Magneto, but have successfully captured Raven Darkholme/Mystique (Rebecca Romijn). A surveillance camera shows her being interrogated by FBI. Mystique refuses to answer to her human name, and even when the interrogator accommodates her, she frustrates and vexes him by shapeshifting into him in order to mock him. When the interrogator loses his patience and demands she tell him where Magneto is, Mystique suddenly headbutts him and shows how, even with her wrists in heavy shackles, she is still a dangerous enemy. It takes several FBI guards to finally overpower her. Beast is dubious about the Presidential cabinet's ability to hold Mystique, and knows that holding her will make Magneto angry, though it gives the cabinet some diplomatic leverage. But Beast realizes that diplomacy with Magneto is not why the President (Josef Sommer) called for his attendance. The President shows Beast a folder with documents that Mystique was trying to steal from the FDA when she was captured. Beast opens the file to find a series of biochemical analyses from Worthington Labs, along with a profile on a young boy named Jimmy, also known as Leech (Cameron Bright). The analyses show that Jimmy is capable of suppressing the mutant X-gene. The President tells Beast that the research is believed to be viable, and the potential effect it will have on the mutant community is exactly why the cabinet desperately needs Beast's considerable diplomatic skills, now more than ever. Xavier is giving a lecture to mutant students in the school, discussing Mutant ethics. An example he gives is a brain-dead patient of Dr. Moira MacTaggart (Olivia Williams, uncredited). The psychic ability to transfer a human consciousness, even that of a family man with four children, and who is dying of cancer, into the body of the brain-dead man, raises serious ethical issues. Xavier suddenly pauses, staring vacantly, Outside, the skies turn darker as heavy clouds begin to gather and converge. Xavier tells his class that they'll break early and continue tomorrow. Xavier finds Storm on the terrace; her mind heavy with troubles which were causing the sudden weather shift. Magneto is a fugitive, Beast is on the Presidential cabinet and the US President has shown a lot of goodwill toward mutants -- so, as Storm believes, the Academy shouldn't need to be in hiding. Xavier says it's not hiding as much as staying wary of the Academy's remaining enemies and protecting the students. When Xavier mentions he sees Storm becoming the new Headmistress of the academy one day, Storm freezes. She thought that Cyclops was the natural successor. Xavier says Cyclops has never been the same since Jean's death. Storm knows there's something Xavier is hiding, but he continues on toward his office without acknowledging. Xavier and Storm find Beast in Xavier's office, and Wolverine joins them a few seconds later. The reason for Beast's visit is to report what he was shown during the cabinet meeting: a major pharmaceutical company has developed a way to suppress the mutant X-gene... and its effects are reportedly permanent. The company is calling the research a cure for mutancy, turning any mutant back into a regular human. The impact of the discovery hits right there, as Storm reacts in outrage to the news. Storm sees the discovery as equivalent to humans calling mutancy a disease in need of treatment. Xavier quietly cuts Storm off, saying the pharmaceutical company is making a public announcement as they speak. On Alcatraz Island, Warren Worthington II is making a public announcement about the cure. His speech carefully declares mutants to be people, just like humans, before breaking out the 'scare words' like mutancy being a disease and a corruption of healthy cellular activity. He says that any mutant who wishes to undergo the cure is welcome to. As several Academy students watch the announcement on TV, Rogue appears to listen with rapt interest. She goes to Xavier's office, where Xavier is still speaking to Storm, Beast and Wolverine about the ethical and moral dilemma brought about by the discovery. Rogue seems very eager to hear if a mutant cure is real. Storm angrily tells her that there is nothing about them that needs curing; there is nothing wrong with any of the mutants at the academy. A group of mutants call for a meeting at a local church to discuss the issue. The leader of the meeting is looking to pursue peaceful negotiation with the government in order to protest the cure. Also attending the meeting are Magneto and John Allerdyce/Pyro (Aaron Stanford), looking to recruit angry mutants for the Brotherhood. Magneto warns the mutants at the meeting that while they try to pursue negotiation and peaceful methods, humans, especially the humans in government, will start to force the cure on them a few at a time in a divide-and-conquer strategy. Inciting some of the mutants with these warnings, Magneto gains four new members for his Brotherhood-- Kid Omega (Ken Leung), who can extend poisonous spines all over his body; Psylocke (Mei Melanon), who can teleport through shadows; Arclight (Omahyra), who can loose concussive air pressure shockwaves; and Callisto (Dania Ramirez), who can move with superhuman speed, and also sense the nearby presence, and strength, of other mutants; she knows that Magneto and Pyro are the only mutants in the building higher than class III in the degree of their powers. Magneto is particularly intrigued by Callisto's power to sense other mutant presences, and asks if she can locate a particular one for him. A heavily armed police convoy is escorting a fortified, armored police semi-truck serving as a mobile prison, which is carrying a captive Mystique and several other mutants. Mystique is confined behind a heavy barred gate, her wrists shackled to the trailer's ceiling. Mystique taunts the guards watching over her by mimicking first the President, and then a very young girl. One guard threatens to spray her with pepper spray, and she tells him that she's going to personally kill him. Beast arrives at Alcatraz Island to tour Worthington Labs and meet with Leech, the young boy whose DNA is the source of the cure. He is greeted by the company's chief researcher, Dr. Rao (Shohreh Aghdashloo). Beast is there to see that Worthington Labs' treatment of the young boy meets with the standards set by the Department of Mutant Affairs. Dr. Rao brings him to the room where Leech stays in order for him to meet the boy, learn the range of his mutant powers, and see for himself that the boy is being kept fully comfortable. As Beast walks toward Leech to introduce himself and shakes hands, he pauses as he sees his outstretched hand suddenly lose its dark blue coloring, and the coarse hair around the back of his hand suddenly recede; making his hand look human. Mere proximity to Leech causes mutant powers to cease functioning as long as the mutants in question are within a certain distance of his body. Beast's hand returns to 'normal' (for him) once he turns away. Cyclops rides down the road on his motorcycle, heading toward the Alkali Lake reservoir where Jean Grey died. As he walks onto a small natural rock jetty overlooking the lake, he hears the whispered sound of Jean's voice calling his name. Tormented by the whispering voice, he yanks off his red sunglasses and a bright beam of light shoots from his eyes, strafing along the lake's surface. When he regains control of himself and replaces the glasses, he sees that the lake is churning and a large whirlpool has formed in its center. From the whirlpool emerges a blast of water and air pressure that knocks Cyclops on his back. Regaining his bearings, he's stunned to find Jean (Famke Janssen) standing alive and well in front of him. Jean asks Cyclops to remove his glasses so she can see his eyes. Scott is reluctant to look her in the eye because he can't control his optic blasts when his eyes are open. She gently removes his glass, and the bright red flash from his eyes slowly fades out to reveal the natural color of his eyes. Cyclops and Jean begin to kiss. As Jean starts kissing him more passionately, Cyclops' face begins to distort, causing him obvious pain. At the mutant Academy, everyone hears the telepathic voice of Xavier calling out Cyclops' true name. Storm and Wolverine rush to Xavier's office, where he tells them to hurry to Alkali Lake. The two of them arrive at the lake to find cloud cover hanging low over the surrounding hills and a thick fog obscuring vision. Storm clears the fog away, and she and Wolverine find that small rocks, leaves, and even dew on the leaves, levitating in the air. Storm and Wolverine split up to look around, and Wolverine turns to see one of the objects floating in the air in front of him is Cyclops' glasses. Storm yells out to him suddenly, and he finds Storm kneeling over Jean, who lies unconscious but alive. Jean is brought back to Xavier's labs in the Academy where an MRI is run on her brain. Xavier's only theory as to how she survived the incident at the lake that should have killed her, was that her powers wrapped her in a cocoon of telekinetic energy. Jean is the only mutant Xavier has ever met whose power is ranked at Class Five, meaning there are no known limits to her powers. Making her even that much more dangerous is that her mutation is contained in the unconscious part of her mind, which even psychically enhanced mutants have very limited control over. Deeply concerned about Jean's ability to control her powers, Xavier placed a series of psychic barriers around her mind when she first came to the Academy as a teenager, isolating her powers from her consciousness... but this had an unforeseen effect, causing Jean to develop a disassociative personality disorder; causing her subconscious to manifest an entity calling itself the Phoenix. Jean was the disciplined thinking mind, while the Phoenix was pure instinct and emotion, the essence of every feeling Jean experienced, including desire, joy... and rage. Xavier tells Wolverine that he's unsure whether the Jean that lay before them is truly the Jean they know, or the Phoenix struggling furiously to break free and take full control, and that Xavier is trying to restore the psychic barriers and cage the beast again. Wolverine rebels, warning Xavier that a caged beast often becomes angry at its confinement, and protesting that Xavier is forcing his will on another mutant, which is supposed to stand against everything the X-Men believe in and have been taught by Xavier himself. Xavier becomes defensive, telling Wolverine he doesn't need to explain his actions to anyone, least of all him. At the headquarters of Worthington Labs, a news report is covering the mutant cure starting to become available publicly. The reporter notes that the mutant community has been split heavily over the cure's development. Some mutants are desperate to be cured, believing it's the only way they can fit in among human society, while others are offended at the cure's mere existence. The first patient to undergo the procedure is Worthington's son, Warren III (now played by Ben Foster), who's grown into a young man. Worthington is there to witness. Just as Dr. Rao prepares to administer the injection, Warren III rebels, breaking free from the medical assistants trying to hold him steady. The camera pans slightly away from him as he breaks free, showing him spreading a pair of fully developed, beautiful white-feathered wings from his back. Telling his father that the cure, and especially curing Warren himself, was only what his father himself wanted, Warren smashes through the window and uses his wings to take flight as Angel, the mutant name he's given himself. As he soars away from the Worthington tower, Leech watches in awe from his room on Alcatraz. The prison convoy carrying Mystique speeds down the road, to find Magneto waiting for them. Before any of the escort vehicles can react, Magneto effortlessly crushes them and sends them all flying in various directions with a few waves of his hands, then detaches the cab of the semi from the trailer, sending the cab flying as well, and the trailer skidding to a halt. The guard who Mystique had threatened is sent flying to slump against the bars confining her. Mystique immediately thrusts her legs through the bars, grabs the guard and snaps his neck. Showing remarkable agility with just her left leg and foot, she grabs the guard's keys with her foot and unlocks her heavy shackles. Magneto easily forces open the trailer's sealed door and walks in to greet Mystique. Her capture and imprisonment served its purpose: she's learned that the source of the cure was a child at Worthington Labs, and without him, the Brotherhood is safe. Magneto unseals two confinement capsules to recruit two more dangerous mutants: James Madrox/Multiple Man (Eric Dane), who can produce unlimited duplicate copies of himself (Mystique mentions he robbed seven different banks simultaneously), and Cain Marko/Juggernaut (Vinnie Jones), a huge, hulking, powerful man who, once he takes off running and builds momentum, cannot be halted by anything. The second guard, who'd been knocked cold when the trailer was detached from the cab, starts to come to. He reaches for a special gun, loads with a magazine of darts, and lazes up Magneto from behind him. At the last second, Mystique spots the ambush and steps in front of Magneto, her body shielding him. But firing from the guard's weapon is no bullet, but a specially designed needle. As the needle punctures Mystique's skin, she slowly slumps to the ground, shuddering and convulsing as her body begins changing, losing her natural blue coloring and scales. Magneto stares sadly at Raven Darkholme, now cured of her mutation and stripped of all her powers; a normal human again. Gratefully acknowledging that Mystique saved him, Magneto suddenly tells Raven rather coldly that she's no longer one of them. Turning his back to her, leaving her lying naked and powerless, Magneto ushers his fellow mutants out of the trailer, abandoning Raven. News of the convoy attack quickly reaches the President. When Beast hears that the cure has been weaponized in this manner, he resigns from the presidential cabinet in protest. But he shares the President's deep concern that the cure's continued existence is only going to further aggravate relations between mutants and humans in the general populace. Beast says this is another reason why he needs to be where he belongs... with Xavier and the Academy. Wolverine watches over Jean as she sleeps; still laying on the metal gurney; a plastic covering over her head, fitted with wires that monitor her brain activity. As he reaches out to touch her neck, her left hand suddenly grabs his wrist; the plastic covering lifting from her head. Jean's eyes open and she comes to, smiling and looking and feeling seemingly quite well. Wolverine watches as she slowly pulls several electrodes off her upper chest, and Jean notices, saying she didn't need psychic powers to read Wolverine. Slowly, sensually, Jean sits up on the gurney and starts kissing Wolverine. But what starts as a simple kiss quickly escalates as Jean starts to become aggressively passionate in making out with Wolverine. At first, Wolverine reciprocates her affections, until her fingernails slash his skin (the gashes immediately healing). Wolverine starts to remember Xavier's warnings and understands that it isn't Jean trying to seduce him, but the Phoenix; Jean's purely emotional alter-ego. This becomes more clear and obvious when she bluntly tells him that Xavier has gotten into Wolverine's head as well, 'taming' him. Wolverine asks Jean where Cyclops is. Hearing the name 'Scott' quickly snaps the real Jean to the surface as she looks around in confusion at her surroundings. Wolverine shows Cyclops' partially broken glasses to Jean, asking her where Cyclops is. Remembering what happened, Jean's grief and sorrow quickly manifest in telekinetically wrecking the lab room. Wolverine holds her head gently, trying to get her to focus. Suddenly Jean, looking grieved, begs Wolverine to kill her. Her inability to completely control her emotions, and the scope of her power when her emotions rush to the surface and shape her responses, make her a threat to everything and everyone around her. Desperate to keep that from happening again, Jean now wants to die and put the turmoil to rest. Wolverine stares at her, unable and unwilling to carry out her wish. He pleads with her to let Xavier help her. But in a sudden self-defense response, the Phoenix manifests again and hurls Wolverine against the wall, before ripping the door off its hinges and disintegrating it, walking out into the underground halls of the mansion. Meanwhile, Magneto is conferring with Pyro, Juggernaut and Multiple Man. Magneto holds the gun that was used to cure Mystique. This is all the proof Magneto needs that the mutancy cure will be forced on mutant kind. He intends to use it as a lightning rod to incite more mutants to his cause, and to subjugate humanity, before humanity can wipe them out. Suddenly Callisto tells him she's sensed a massive electromagnetic force coming from a mutant; so powerful that the mutant has to be Class Five, more powerful than anything Callisto's ever sensed before. Magneto's face freezes as he recalls the only such mutant he's met who wields such power, and asks Callisto, 'Where is she?' Xavier and Storm find Wolverine unconscious in the wrecked lab room. Xavier is angry at Wolverine, saying he warned him about the threat Jean posed. Closing his eyes in concentration, he senses that Jean has left the mansion, but is erecting a psychic barrier around herself in an attempt to block out Xavier's senses. Xavier, Wolverine and Storm drive to Jean's old house where Xavier and Magneto first met her twenty years ago. Magneto is there as well, complacently inviting Xavier in with him to speak to Jean, just like they did when they first met her. But as he passes by Juggernaut, he glances at Storm and Wolverine and says softly, 'No one gets inside.' Xavier and Magneto find Jean sitting alone in her living room, her face an intense mask. All the furniture around her is levitated a foot off the ground, dropping back down as Xavier and Magneto enter. This time, however, Magneto and Xavier are opposed in their intentions for Jean. Xavier desperately tries to get Jean to understand that she needs his help to control her powers, while Magneto accuses Xavier of keeping Jean on a leash (much in the same way that Wolverine accused Xavier of the same thing). When Xavier reminds Jean that she killed Cyclops in a fit of emotion, she lashes out at them both, creating a telekinetic shock wave that hurls Magneto back out into the kitchen and shoves Xavier's wheelchair back several feet. Wolverine decides he won't wait outside any longer, He and Storm must now fight against Juggernaut, Callisto, Arclight and Kid Omega. Storm's command of wind and lightning quickly incapacitate Kid Omega and Arclight, but Callisto's speed lets her fight back effectively. Meanwhile, Juggernaut hurls Wolverine through walls from room to room. In the living room, Xavier tries to withstand the psychic force of Jean's anger and grief, desperately trying to force a telepathic link to her to reach her, while Magneto remains pinned and helpless against the kitchen counter. Slowly Jean rises from her chair to her feet. Xavier is lifted out of his wheelchair into the air, as the Phoenix begins tearing the whole house apart in her building rage. Jean's face twists, her eyes bulge; she looks almost like a monster. The house lifts up off its foundation, psychic winds pinning Wolverine and Juggernaut against the ceiling. Magneto shouts desperately for Jean to stop and hold herself back, but the Phoenix, in full command of Jean's body and powers now, pays no attention. Jean raises her arms and time seems to slow. Wolverine uses his claws to pull himself along the ceiling and open a casement door that lets him see into the living room. Xavier makes a final plea to Jean, not to let her power and emotions control her, before Xavier's whole body disintegrates completely, leaving no trace of him. The house is released from the psychic storm and crashes back down onto the ground, completely wrecked. Magneto is stunned at the seeming death of Xavier; despite their being on opposing sides of mutant ethics, and therefore technically enemies, Xavier is one mutant Magneto still loved like a brother. But with no other recourse for the immediate moment, he rises, quietly walks over to Jean and politely asks her to come with him. Jean offers no resistance as Magneto leads her away. Storm and Wolverine make their way to the living room, finding Xavier gone, his wheelchair unattended. The scene closes with both of them weeping bitterly over the loss of their mentor. Xavier's wheelchair is placed in his office back at the mansion, and Storm gives a moving eulogy at a memorial service at the Academy mansion, where a headstone has been placed in the back gardens. All the students at the academy attend, as does Dr. Moira MacTaggart. Some time later, Iceman goes to see Shadowcat at her room. To cheer her up, he gets her to sneak the two of them out of the mansion proper by going through the wall, and takes her to a large fountain in the back gardens, where he freezes the water into an impromptu ice rink, and they skate together on the ice. Rogue is seen watching from her room, looking not at all pleased. Rogue has packed her bags and is leaving the mansion. Wolverine sees her as she reaches the door. To her surprise, he's not ordering her back upstairs ('I'm your friend, not your father,' he tells her), but he does urge her to think very carefully and be completely certain that she's doing the right thing, before she steps out of the front door. Rogue does take a few seconds to think after Wolverine turns away, and then she leaves. Magneto's Brotherhood has grown into a sizable army which has built a small camp in the woods. Magneto approaches Jean as she watches the camp mutants mill about. Magneto talks about how he saw the next stage in evolution when first met Jean, and wonders why Xavier wanted to hold her back when her power was virtually unlimited. He holds up the weaponized cure gun and lets it float in the air as he speaks about this. Jean stares at the gun and it comes apart, the cartridge breaking apart until the needles float in the air and begin to turn toward Magneto. Frightened suddenly at the threat, Magneto pleads for her to stop as she smirks in delight. Finally she lets the needles drop and asks how Magneto's desires regarding her are different from Xavier's. Magneto tells her that he wants to let her grow into whatever it is she's destined to grow into, but they must fight for their freedom first, as the weaponized cure, as Magneto believes, is meant for all of them. Callisto tells Magneto she's worried about Jean's presence; she can tell that Jean's power is completely unstable. Pyro, meanwhile, believes that Jean is still one of the X-men at heart. Pyro himself used to be, but has been loyal to Magneto since he first began his own crusade. But Pyro goes too far when he says he'd have killed Xavier if Magneto let him. Magneto quickly reins Pyro in with a stern reminder that although he and Xavier were completely opposed in their dealings with humanity, both shared the same vision of a mutant kind free from fear and prejudice, and Magneto is deeply saddened that Xavier had to die for the Brotherhood's dream to live. Wolverine, Storm, Beast, Iceman and Shadowcat are in one of the classrooms of the Academy, discussing its future. Beast believes it might be best if the Academy ended and the students sent home. But Iceman points out that many of the students there have no home to go to, many being unwelcome among their families. Angel suddenly enters, saying he'd heard that the school was a safe haven for mutants. Looking intently at him, Storm is moved to action; she promises to get a room at the mansion for Angel, and tells Beast to spread the word that the Academy will stay open. Iceman goes to Rogue's room and finds it empty. He learns from Colossus that Rogue left the Academy. Wolverine is paying respects at Xavier's headstone when suddenly he's assaulted by a psychic bombardment; Jean's subconscious voice calling out to him. Feeling drawn to it, Wolverine hurried packs some of his belongings to head out in search of her. Storm tries to talk him out of it, but cannot. A line of mutants stands in front of a medical clinic to receive the cure. Across the street is a mob of angry mutants reciting a chant that they don't need a cure. Knowing that Rogue has probably come here, Iceman has come in search of her. As he stands behind the barricade where the protesting mutants stand, Pyro finds his way to him. Pyro quickly realizes why Iceman is there and taunts him about Rogue's desire to be cured. Iceman manages to hold his temper and avoid starting a fight with his one-time friend. As Iceman turns away, Pyro ignites the lighter strapped to his wrist and sends a large blast of fire to blow out the windows in the medical clinic, sending people and mutants alike scattering. Magneto delivers a message that is broadcast on television, that the attack was only the first salvo in the Brotherhood's fight. He warns all of humanity that until the cure ceases to exist, no human will be safe, anywhere. He asks all mutants that don't want to join his fight, to simply stay out of the way, as he's strongly opposed to seeing any more mutant casualties. The President and Secretary Trask watch the broadcast in the Oval Office. The President orders Worthington Labs seized and secured, and all troops armed with cure weapons. He says if Magneto is going to war, he'll give Magneto one. Army bases are seen mobilizing. Soldiers are ordered to turn in all metal, including bayonets and even dog tags. Cure rifles made entirely out of plastic, which will be effective against Magneto, have been made ready, along with plastic cartridge magazines loaded with plastic cure needles. Many newly armed soldiers have secured the medical clinics where the cure is still being offered. A bus drops Rogue off, and after looking around apprehensively for a moment, she quietly gets in the line. Wolverine has tracked Jean by her scent to the woods. As he reaches the perimeter of the camp, he's attacked by some of the mutants keeping guard, including one who can project from his wrists, and then throw, spike-like projections made of horn. Wolverine defeats all the guards and infiltrates the camp where Magneto is delivering a rousing speech to incite them further. As Magneto speaks and the Brotherhood army cheers, Wolverine happens to lock eyes with Jean. She sees and recognizes him and turns away. Wolverine follows Jean and calls out to her. She turns to face him, when suddenly Wolverine is thrust backward by an unseen force and pinned against a tree. This force doesn't come from Jean, however, but from Magneto, who'd been able to smell the adamantium inside Wolverine's body. Magneto shows that Jean is at the camp with the Brotherhood of her own accord, and surely she is far too strong for anyone, even Magneto himself, to hold her prisoner. Scoffing at Wolverine's assertion that he's only leaving when Jean comes with him, Magneto hurls him halfway through the woods to a painful crash landing. A contingent of armed forces soldiers is preparing to converge on Magneto's base of operations. A satellite shows a thermal signature display of the soldiers moving in on a large body of mutants on all sides, surrounding them. The President notes, with satisfaction, that Raven Darkholme has provided Army intelligence with all the information they needed to conduct this raid, in retaliation for her being abandoned by Magneto. At the President's command, the soldiers charge in on all sides, their special rifles aimed. Suddenly the thermal signatures display for the large body of mutants begin simply dropping off the satellite display. Trask and the President stare at the monitor in total bewilderment. All of the mutants merge into one Multiple Man, who condescendingly surrenders. Multiple Man made the perfect decoy so that Magneto and the Brotherhood army could slip away before the armed forces could locate them. The only question is, where have they gone. Magneto stands the coastline overlooking Alcatraz Island, along with Callisto, Arclight, and Juggernaut. Their plan is to seize control of Worthington Labs there and kill Leech, whose DNA is the source of the cure. Worthington Labs has been able to replicate the DNA, but not generate it from scratch. As to how to get the whole Brotherhood army across the water to the island, Magneto has a plan. Wolverine makes it back to the Academy mansion to mobilize the X-Men. The odds against them are indeed daunting-- only Wolverine, Beast, Storm, Colossus, Iceman and Shadowcat are available to fight against Magneto... and Jean being among the Brotherhood makes their strength seem unbeatable. As Wolverine, Beast and Storm prepare to suit up, Angel is seen looking out from his room momentarily. The six available X-Men meet at the entrance to the hangar where the X-Men jet rests. Iceman isn't ashamed to hide his deep concern at how badly outnumbered they are. Stepping up to a leadership role, Wolverine acknowledges this, but says that unless they fight with their all, everything that Cyclops and Xavier died for, will die as well. Nodding, both Iceman and Shadowcat say they're in and will fight to defend what they stand for. As they prepare to board the jet, Storm has one question to Wolverine: whether he will do what he needs to do when the time comes. Magneto breaks the Golden Gate bridge free from its moorings and moves the whole bridge to span from the spot on the coastline where his army has gathered, to Alcatraz. This is seen on satellite at the White House, to the horror and shock of the President and Trask, and all the military commanders stationed there. The Brotherhood marches across the bridge to stand just shy of a rock outcropping on Alcatraz Island. Pyro gives the signal and a wave of Brotherhood mutants begin charging onto Alcatraz Island from the bridge. Juggernaut readies to also charge, but Magneto raises a hand to stop him, telling him that the pawns always make the first moves in chess. The Alcatraz guards prepare their weapons, launching waves of cure needles. Magneto notes to his consternation that all of the guards' weapons and gear are plastic, rendering his own powers ineffective against them. The guards begin completely routing the first wave of mutants, using specially designed cluster rocket launchers to spray waves of cure needles. Magneto has to improvise when a cluster rocket is launched at the bridge, maneuvering several large slabs of metal from the bridge to act as shields, blocking the needles. Magneto now moves a knight in the chess game, having Arclight step forward and use her air-pressure shock waves to shatter all the plastic weapons and cluster launchers. Magneto then deploys both his knights and his bishops: the second wave of Brotherhood mutants now begin to charge the island, turning the tide of battle. Arclight, Psylocke, and Kid Omega rush into the prison complex to find Worthington. Watching the siege via satellite, Trask and the President can only pray. Jets and tanks would be decimated instantly by Magneto and the nearest contingent of ground troops are a half hour away. But the X-men jet has arrived. Landing on the roof of the prison complex, Storm and Wolverine lead the X-Men into battle. Storm flies in, using barrages of lightning to halt the mutant charge, allowing Wolverine, Beast and Colossus to rally the human soldiers and begin taking the fight back to the Brotherhood. Seeing Storm take flight again, Callisto gives an evil grin and moves for an ambush. Using her superhuman speed, she is able to rapidly jump onto the roof of the prison complex and leaps, tackling Storm down to the ground, where the two of them battle hand to hand. Seeing Iceman joining the battle, conjuring a wall of ice to halt a group of charging Brotherhood mutants, Pyro wants to rush forward to face Iceman, but Magneto holds a hand to stop him. Magneto now moves a rook in the chess game, telling Juggernaut to break into the prison complex and take out Leech. Shadowcat sees Juggernaut's charge and phases through the prison wall. Running up behind Juggernaut, she phases him halfway through the floor and takes off running, phasing through walls to find Leech. But Juggernaut can play this game of tag with her and then some, easily smashing through any wall she phases through. Shadowcat temporarily outwits him by phasing through one wall and then leaping to one side, hiding as Juggernaut blindly continues his charge forward until he realizes the ploy. Arclight and Kid Omega locate Worthington and Dr. Rao. The two of them try to escape from the mutants, only to find themselves cornered by Psylocke's ability to teleport through areas of shadow. Psylocke and Arclight seize Worthington and drag him off while Kid Omega grabs Dr. Rao, holding her against him while soothingly telling her that everything will be all right. This, of course, is a lie, as Omega then erupts his sharp quills from all over his body, killing Dr. Rao. Shadowcat makes her way into Leech's room, gently telling him she's here to help. She takes his hand and goes to the far wall to phase through it, but finds she can't. Leech tells her that mere proximity to him nullifies her mutant powers. And the sound of smashing stone tells them that Juggernaut is closing in. Getting an idea, Shadowcat waits for Juggernaut to smash into the room, and then taunts him, verbally mocking him. Juggernaut roars in anger and charges, looking to smash her and Leech into pulp against the wall. Shadowcat leaps aside with Leech at the last second, and Juggernaut, his own powers fading as he gets close, crashes into the wall and knocks himself senseless, allowing Shadowcat to hurry Leech to safety, the long way, by running. Arclight and Psylocke drag Worthington to the roof of the prison complex. As punishment for his inventing the cure, they are going to hurl him off the roof to his death. But as Worthington is thrown down, his son Angel swoops in, using his wings and power of flight to save him. Outside, the Brotherhood is starting to get routed. Storm defeats Callisto by hurling her into a chain-link fence and barraging the whole fence with blasts of lightning. Magneto gestures for Pyro to help him; the second rook and the king on the chess board are marching into battle. Magneto begins hurling all the abandoned vehicles still on the bridge, like missiles, which Pyro sets ablaze. The explosive, flaming missiles rain down on the island, forcing all of the soldiers, and the X-Men as well, to take cover. As they hunker down behind whatever cover they can find, the X-Men desperately look for a way to strike back. Lying on the ground is a broken plastic handgun; the cartridge of needles still intact. Wolverine spots it and the X-Men have their counterattack, if they can all work together as a team. Storm provides cover by condensing water vapor into pea-soup fog around the island. Iceman begins freezing some of the flaming cars as they are hurled down, taking some of the sting out of them, and also making Pyro seethe with the desire to face his rival. Magneto sees Pyro's anger and tells him to go ahead and fight Iceman. Pyro and Iceman square off, Pyro hurling fire which Iceman blocks with his ice beam. The battle seems at a stalemate until Pyro reaches inward and begins projecting his fire with redoubled force. The flame pushes Iceman's ice beam back until the flames seem about to engulf him. But Iceman counters by covering his whole body in ice, protecting him, then snaking his hands outward and around to grab Pyro's wrists, freezing the lighters strapped to them. As Pyro can only channel and manipulate fire, and not create it, he is now defeated. Iceman knocks him out with a headbutt. Wolverine and Colossus walk forward as the fog clears. Colossus grabs Wolverine and, using the same maneuver as in the training chamber, hurls Wolverine at Magneto. Raising a hand, Magneto easily stops Wolverine, dragging him down to the ground, pinning him there on his back, just shy of Magneto at his feet. But this too was a decoy; the real threat was from Beast. Having moved around and scaled the bridge, Beast leaps down, landing behind Magneto, and plunges the cure needles into him. Magneto slowly crumples to the ground, looking at the needles with horror and dismay as his powers fade and he is reverted to a normal human. Jean Grey looks on impassively as Eric Lensherr, ex-Magneto, tells her this is what humanity wants for all mutants. Wolverine and Jean lock eyes as he tells her that the battle is over. But the arriving ground troop reinforcements from the army arrive, blindly charging and firing a massive barrage of cure needles. Jean hears their shouts and the sound of the needles launching. Fear gives way to anger, which gives way to rage, and Dark Phoenix stirs from within Jean: the queen on the chessboard. With but a dark glare, the needles and the entire contingent of reinforcement soldiers are disintegrated. The X-Men watch in horror as Phoenix begins unleashing her powers, tearing the entire island apart, indiscriminately disintegrating and eradicating anything that gets too close to her, human and mutant alike, the X-Men jet, the upper floors of the prison complex. Wolverine tells Storm that he is the only one who can still stop Phoenix. Storm leads the X-Men and remaining soldiers to evacuate the island and flee across the bridge. Shadowcat emerges from the prison complex with Leech and follows the flight. Even Eric stares in fear at what he's unleashed before also fleeing. Wolverine begins trudging toward Jean. Phoenix turns her assault on him; the disintegrating flesh sloughing off Wolverine's body and pushing his instant regenerative powers to the limit. Finally Wolverine reaches her and stands face to face. With a look of cruel amusement, Phoenix asks Wolverine if he'd die for his fellow X-Men. A look of sorrow in his eyes, Wolverine answers, "Not for them... for you." The emotional response jars Jean's consciousness back to the surface with a gasp. Gazing deep into Wolverine's eyes, Jean begins to cry. She tearfully begs Wolverine to kill her so she can be saved from Phoenix, and from herself. Wolverine hesitates, telling Jean he loves her, before driving his claws through her midsection. Instantly his face turns grieved, but Jean smiles in silent gratitude and peacefully closes her eyes before slumping lifeless in Wolverine's arms. Cut to the Xavier mutant academy, Shadowcat standing before the graves of Xavier, Jean and Cyclops, the grave markers bearing their full real names. The school is back in full operation with Storm running it in Xavier's place. Marie D'Ancanto has returned, though she has voluntarily undergone the cure and is no longer Rogue. She tells Iceman it's what she wanted, as she holds his hand for the first time. Leech is now also a student at the school. Wolverine, now a full-time teacher at the academy, watches a news bulletin where the President introduces Beast, as Dr. Hank McCoy, having appointed him as the new United States ambassador to the United Nations, representing mutant interests. In the last scene, Angel is seen flying over the still-broken Golden Gate Bridge. As he continues soaring through the air, the camera pans down from him to a peaceful park where people are engaged in playing chess. The camera pans along them to zoom in on one person sitting with no opponent, before a board on which sit metallic pieces. It is Eric Lensherr. He raises a hand toward the black queen and concentrates, and the chess piece only teeters very slightly. In an extra scene after the closing credits are finished, Dr. Moira MacTaggart is seen walking into the hospital room of the brain-dead man. To her astonishment and shock, the man's face suddenly turns to her and says, "Hello, Moira," in Xavier's voice. Freeze on Moira's face as she softly whispers, "Charles?" 
 Watchmen (2009)431) In 1985 where former superheroes exist, the murder of a colleague sends active vigilante Rorschach into his own sprawling investigation, uncovering something that could completely change the course of history as we know it. It's 1985 in an alternate reality. The Watchmen - comprised of the Comedian, Dr. Manhattan, Nite Owl II, Ozymandias, Rorschach and Silk Spectre II - are a disparate band of masked superheroes, modeled after the Minutemen, who were masked superheroes of a generation earlier, most of who are dead or afflicted by the ravages of life. The Comedian belongs to both groups. Despite the activities of the Watchmen leading to the west winning the Vietnam War which in turn has kept Richard Nixon in the White House, Nixon has now outlawed masks, resulting in the Watchmen disbanding and going into retirement, most hiding their Watchmen past under their human identities. However, the Comedian, in his human persona of Eddie Blake, and Dr. Manhattan - former physicist Jon Osterman who obtained his superhero powers through a scientific accident which almost killed him - now work for the government. Dr. Manhattan's powers in particular have kept a watch over nuclear proliferation, as he is able to stop any nuclear attack. Regardless, the Cold War is at its height with recent Soviet posturing regarding nuclear bomb buildup. In her human persona of Laurie Jupiter, Silk Spectre II is Dr. Manhattan's assistant and lover, as much as they can be in Dr. Manhattan's now non-human state. Meanwhile, Ozymandias has come out to the world as wealthy genius Adrian Veidt, capitalizing on his Ozymandias identity to better the world, and Rorschach continues to work as a vigilante, although one wanted by the law despite he the reason that many criminals are behind bars. When Blake is murdered, Rorschach, as the only one still on the streets, believes the murderer is out to kill all the Watchmen, despite any number of people wanting to kill the Comedian for being a misogynist. Evidence points to it perhaps having something to do with an imminent attempt of nuclear annihilation. Rorschach has to convince his colleagues, who he has not seen since their superhero days, of the validity of his theory for them to come out of retirement, which is no easy task. If they do, which will require them to overcome external forces which seem to be conspiring against them, they will have to discover both who killed the Comedian and why before they befall the same fate as him and/or before the mastermind is able to exact his larger grand plan. Huggo "Watchmen" is set in an alternate 1985 America in which costumed superheroes are part of the fabric of everyday society, and the "Doomsday Clock" - which charts the USA's tension with the Soviet Union - is permanently set at five minutes to midnight. When one of his former colleagues is murdered, the washed up but no less determined masked vigilante Rorschach sets out to uncover a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his former crime-fighting legion - a ragtag group of retired superheroes, only one of whom has true powers - Rorschach glimpses a wide-ranging and disturbing conspiracy with links to their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the future. Their mission is to watch over humanity... but who is watching the Watchmen?" T-Hen Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Watchmen" is set in an alternate 1985 America in which costumed superheroes are part of the fabric of everyday society, and the "Doomsday Clock" -- which charts the USA's tension with the Soviet Union -- is permanently set at five minutes to midnight. When one of his former colleagues is murdered, the masked vigilante Rorschach, washed up but determined, sets out to uncover a plot to kill and discredit all past and present superheroes. As he reconnects with his former crime-fighting legion -- a ragtag group of retired superheroes, only one of whom has true powers -- Rorschach glimpses a wide-ranging and disturbing conspiracy with links to their shared past and catastrophic consequences for the future. Their mission is to watch over humanity... but who is watching the Watchmen? ========================================== Before the credits, a mid-60's man in a bathrobe, puffing on a cigar, sits alone in his apartment watching PBS' The McLaughlin Group discuss a potential nuclear war with Russia. A tall slim figure breaks into the room. The two start to fight. After they trade blows the assailant is clearly getting the upper hand, and he hurls the man in the bathrobe out the window of his high-rise. He is killed when he hits the ground, and a smiley face button soon lands on the pavement next to his body. The opening credits show historical pictures as Bob Dylan's "Times They are a Changin" plays. Masked, costumed vigilantes fight crime in America. In the 1930s and '40s, the vigilantes formed a group called the Minutemen to "finish what the law couldn't." The original lineup was heroic and helped catch criminals and win World War II. But they often suffered early and violent deaths in action, or became suicides, or were arrested for breaking the law themselves, or in one case were committed to an asylum. We see a blue, other-worldly man shaking hands with President Kennedy; later we see a cigar-puffing man who might be the bathrobed man at the start of the movie (a bit younger) holding a rifle on the "grassy knoll" after Kennedy has been shot. And, in the glass of the helmet of the astronaut on the moon's surface, we do not see an American flag; we see the blue man again with a camera. A second generation of heroes has formed, called the Watchmen. We see them being photographed -- as the movie goes on, we will learn that these are the Comedian (a burly guy with a simple mask over his eyes and chomping on a cigar), Laurie Jupiter (the new Silk Spectre), Dr. Jon Osterman (Doctor Manhattan, the naked blue humanoid, with true superpowers), Adrian Veidt (Ozymandias, whose costume is like that of a Greek god), Daniel Dreiberg (the new Nite Owl, looking somewhat like Batman), and Rorschach (in a trench coat and hat with a knitted mask that completely covers his face and displays constantly changing ink blots). TV news reports that Nixon has been elected to a third term. By the 1980s, public opinion has turned against costumed heroes, who are considered a dangerous alternative to the police. It is October 12, 1985. Investigating the murder of the man who fell to his death at the start of the movie, who we now know is Eddie Blake, Rorschach enters the crime scene apartment with a sophisticated grappling gun. Searching the apartment, he discovers the uniform, weapons and memorabilia of the Comedian, a former member of both the Minutemen and the Watchmen. We hear the voice over of what Rorschach will write in his journal: "Tonight, a comedian died in New York. Somebody knows why." He has to beat up a couple of policemen to get out of the building. Meanwhile, Daniel Dreiburg is at the home of Hollis Mason, the original Nite Owl. The two have regular meetings and talk about old times. Hollis says that it all started with the gangs. The Minutemen were a masked response to the masked gangs. They discuss the Comedian's death and Rorschach's vigilante activities. Nixon's policies don't allow masked vigilantes, but this hasn't stopped Rorschach. As Daniel leaves, they see a report about Rorschach and the policemen on television. Daniel leaves in the rain and goes home, where he finds that Rorschach has broken into his home, and is in his kitchen. Rorschach shows Daniel the smiley face button that he found where the Comedian was killed. They go down to the Nite Owl lab, under Daniel's home, where Rorschach speculates that someone is killing the superheroes. Daniel says "The Watchmen are over" and that Rorschach could give it up since no one knows who he is. In his journal, Rorschach speculates that nuclear war is coming. The rich and brilliant Adrian Veidt is being interviewed. The reporter observes that only Adrian and Hollis ever revealed their true identities. Adrian talks about developing renewable energy sources, and that if he could eliminate fear of not having enough, war would be obsolete. Daniel is watching the interview, and he warns Adrian that someone may be after the Watchmen. Adrian is not worried. Adrian speculates that a being like Dr. Manhattan, with his powers that can control atomic structure, might be able to stop much of a nuclear strike, but not all of it. The next evening, Rorschach sneaks into the US Army Rockefeller Military Research Center to warn Dr. Manhattan and Laurie Jupiter who live there in private quarters. Manhattan can normally see the future, but he says that he cannot see it now due to temporal interference caused by tachyons moving through time that may have resulted from a nuclear holocaust. He transports ("zaps") Rorschach outside the military facility in mid-sentence when he upsets Laurie; Rorschach challenges Laurie's judgement of the Comedian, who once tried to rape her mother. Rorschach refers to the incident as a "moral lapse". Manhattan then tells Laurie that he has been working with Adrian to solve the energy crisis in an effort to avert the war. Manhattan reads her mind, and observes her parents fighting (we see this same scene repeated twice more in the movie). He also tells Laurie that he knows she wanted to have dinner with him, but that she will instead be going out to dinner with Daniel. When Laurie arrives at the restaurant, Daniel is obviously smitten. They have dinner and talk about the old days. She observes that the Keene Act, which outlawed costumed vigilantism, has prevented them from going out as superheroes. Laurie confides that Jon (Dr. Manhattan) is becoming more remote. As she gets in a cab to leave the restaurant, Daniel observes that she is being watched by a "government escort". She responds that they don't want her upsetting the country's most valuable asset. At a cemetery, the Comedian is given a funeral with military honors, while Simon and Garfunkel's "Sounds of Silence" plays. Laurie is teleported to her mother's home by Dr. Manhattan, where she immediately throws up into the toilet. The older woman, Sally Jupiter, observes that she thought Laurie would have gotten used to that means of travel by now. "It beats flying coach," says Sally. She is drinking margaritas in the afternoon and reminiscing about her old Minuteman days, when she was the original Silk Spectre. She shows Laurie a pornographic comic that is based on Sally's super-hero of the 1940s (the original Silk Spectre). Laurie is appalled by her mother's behavior. In a flashback, Sally remembers the original Minutemen having a group photo taken in a wood-paneled club. Afterward, Sally goes to the billiards room to change out of her costume and the Comedian enters, making suggestive advances toward her. Sally tries to push him away but the Comedian brutally punches her and is ready to rape her when another member of their team, Hooded Justice, intervenes and beats Blake severely. Blake suggests that Justice gets off on beating men and Justice stops. Sally concludes the flashback with a cryptic observation about Eddie Blake. Back at the rainy cemetery, Dr. Manhattan and Daniel are there. Manhattan remembers that during the Vietnam War, the Comedian and Manhattan fought the Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army, turning the tide of the war and allowing the United States to win. In a bar, as the war is over, a Vietnamese woman confronts the Comedian and tells him she is pregnant with his child. When the drunken Comedian refuses to take responsibility and insults her, she slashes his face with a broken bottle, causing a permanent scar. Infuriated, and over Manhattan's pleas for him to stop, the Comedian shoots and kills the woman. Blake then berates Manhattan for not stopping him, claiming that his failure to act shows that Manhattan doesn't really care about humanity. Adrian also watches the coffin being laid to rest and remembers a meeting of the Watchmen. He recalls that the Comedian was a sarcastic, misanthropic pessimist, while Ozymandias wanted to help humankind. The Comedian burns Adrian's display, saying that the threat of nuclear war trumps any efforts by the "Crimebusters" group Adrian wants to form. Daniel recalls a time when the Comedian and the Night Owl tried to calm a rioting group of protesters during a police strike; the comic gleefully fought with the protesters and shot tear gas at the people. Daniel, obviously bothered by the way lawlessness has engulfed the nation, asks the Comedian "What happened to the American Dream?" Amidst the destruction caused by the mob, the Comedian answers "It came true! You're lookin' at it." Blake also mentions that Congress was enacting new legislation that would outlaw costumed vigilantes. A tall, wizened man pays his respects and goes back to his flat by an adult movie theatre. He is "Moloch", a one-time "arch-enemy". In his home, he is assaulted by Rorschach, who wants to know why Moloch went to the funeral. Moloch says that Eddie Blake had broken into Moloch's house a week before, very drunk, and had cried and rambled about a list. Laurie and Jon are having an intimate erotic moment when Laurie realizes Jon has replicated himself. At first, she is put off by making love to two people at the same time, but then she realizes that a third Jon is working on the energy design at the same time. Angry at not having his full attention she throws an object through the blue figure's head. Laurie leaves as Jon teleports the machine to Adrian in Karnak, his Antarctic stronghold. Laurie goes to Daniel's house saying she has nowhere else to go. He is going to meet Hollis for their weekly session and invites her to join him. Jon dresses in a suit and tie (without physically touching his clothes) and zaps himself over to a TV studio for an interview. At the same time, while Dan and Laurie are walking to Hollis', they are confronted by a large gang of street thugs. Dressed in their street clothes, they defend themselves with vigor. Simultaneously, at the interview, Manhattan is accused of afflicting many of his former colleagues with cancer. His once very close girlfriend, Janie Slater, appears and reveals that she too is stricken, and she damns Jon in public. In the ensuing press scrum, Jon screams "leave me alone", and he zaps everyone out of the studio. Laurie and Daniel's fight with the thugs ends, and she decides not to continue on to Hollis'. Daniel and Hollis watch the end of Manhattan's interview on television. Hollis remarks that Manhattan was "crucified" in front of a national audience. Dr. Manhattan teleports himself to Mars. There he recalls many events in a haphazard order. Years ago he had a loving relationship with Janie; he reassembled a watch with his father; he was trapped in an atomic chamber by a time lock before a lab accident turned him from a human scientist, Jon Osterman, into Dr. Manhattan; how he fell in love with Laurie. Manhattan is slowly "resurrected" as a nervous system, a skeleton, and finally, a blue humanoid. TV news reports "The superman exists and he is an American". Dr. Manhattan is told he needs a logo, and he draws a circle with a dot in the middle on his forehead, a symbol of a hydrogen atom. President Nixon enlists his help to end the Vietnam war, which he does. The TV reporter now denies that he said the quote about Superman. Instead, he says, that his words are "God exists and he's an American". The flashbacks end, and Dr. Manhattan observes that he is tired of humans, and he begins to build a large, watch-like device on Mars. Laurie is confronted by government officials for "not doing her job" (appeasing Dr Manhattan both physically and emotionally) and allowing him to leave Earth. In a flashback, while dressed as the Silk Spectre, she meets the Comedian. Her mother intervenes and tells him to stay away from her daughter. Nixon, Kissinger and the war cabinet consider the recent events with the Soviet Union and prepare for war. Nixon seems willing to lose the East coast in a nuclear war with the Soviets, and he tells them to begin fueling America's bomber planes. Nixon says Dr. Manhattan has two days to solve the problems, and he "hopes he's on our side". Laurie tells the government officials that the only one who can bring back Jon is himself. Lee Iaccoca and other industrial leaders have a disagreeable meeting with Adrian. Adrian reminds them of his brilliance, and how he has had a desire to be like Alexander the Great and unify the world. He also says he's wealthy enough to buy them several times over and tells them they can leave. As Iaccoca apologizes, the elevator door opens, and a deliveryman starts shooting. Veidt eludes the bullets, one of which hits Iaccoca between the eyes, and subdues the shooter but the man swallows a poison pill, froths at the mouth, and dies. Laurie and Daniel discuss the attack as they lunch at the Gunga Diner. Daniel says that it is not safe for the former heroes, and as they leave the diner, he suggests Laurie move in with him, for safety. She agrees, and they leave the diner. We hear Rorschach's voice over, in which he says that he is watching them walk away, but not in his costume. Rorschach later reviews the ID card of the man who tried to kill Adrian. The man worked for Pyramid International and Rorschach remembers he had seen a letter from Pyramid earlier at Moloch's apartment. He returns to Moloch's apartment, but he discovers that Moloch is so recently dead that his cigarette is still smoldering. The police have the building surrounded and know that Rorschach is inside. Realizing he's been set up for the murder, Rorschach makes a torch out of a spray can and fights his way out of the building. Nonetheless, he is captured and unmasked. He is identified on the TV News as Walter Kovacs, age 35. Walter is jailed for the murder of Moloch until sentencing. The state psychiatrist, Dr. Malcolm Long, tells Walter that he won't want to be in the general population, because criminals he captured will want to get even. He gives Walter a psych assessment. As Walter looks at ink blots, he recalls moments in his life. At an early age, he sees his mother kissing a man. She slaps him and says that she "should have had that abortion." We also see a young Walter seriously injure much bigger kids who are taunting him. Walter resents being called "Walter" by the psychiatrist, and he talks about how evil society is. He recalls a seminal event, when he was a young Rorschach, and he uncovered the grisly murder of a 6-year old girl by a pedophile. Finding a cleaver at the scene of the crime, he brutally cleaves the murderer's head in two with multiple blows. He tells Long that "Walter died that night" and only Rorschach remains. Long leaves, saying "I can't help him." In prison, Walter is taunted by another inmate on the food serving line, and Walter splashes him with hot grease from a deep fryer, burning him horribly. Rorschach screams to the rest of the population "I'm not locked up in here with you, YOU'RE LOCKED UP IN HERE WITH ME!" Laurie snoops around in the basement of Daniel's building, and she finds the Night Owl's lab and his flying machine. She pushes a random button that activates the ship's flamethrower, starting a fire in the lab. Daniel comes down to help her put out the fire. He tells her that the ship is called "Archie" after Merlin's pet owl, Archimedes. He says that he inherited a lot of money from his father who was disappointed that he became a crime fighter. Daniel tells Laurie that Hollis was his hero. She tries on the night vision owl goggles, and she says that this must be how Jon sees. Daniel looks disappointed and goes upstairs. Laurie follows and tells him "Jon sees a lot of things, but he doesn't see me." The two make love on the sofa as Daniel observes that they may be going too fast. Laurie says that they have all the time in the world. A newscast in the background reports the buildup of Soviet tanks. Locked in his cell, Rorschach is taunted by a dwarf, Big Figure, a crime kingpin he had arrested 15 years earlier, now looking for revenge. Big Figure tells Kovacs that he can wait as long as necessary to get into his cell. Daniel has a strange dream in which he and Laurie are naked on a field under the stars. She pulls off their "skin" revealing their superhero costumes as a nuclear explosion goes off and vaporizes them. He awakens, and Laurie finds him staring at his Night Owl gear. The two decide to get into costume, take Archie out and "do something stupid". Archie flies around the city as they listen for police messages. They hear of a burning building and go to rescue a group of people trapped on an upper floor. Night Owl drops her into the burning building and then lines up Archie as she sends all of the trapped people into the ship, just a moment before an explosion would have killed them all. After dropping off the passengers, Daniel puts the flyer on autopilot and the two superheroes have steamy sex in the aircraft. Meanwhile, a prison riot is taking place. One of the dwarf's large henchmen attempts to grab Kovacs behind the bars. Rorschach grabs and binds the man's hands to the bars. Another henchman comes with a grinder and proceeds to first cut the others arms off and then cut open Rorschach's cell bars. We cut to Laurie and Daniel in the aftermath of their lovemaking. They decide to try to rescue Rorschach from prison. Back at the prison, Rorschach quickly subdues the grinder man against the cell toilet and the dwarf runs for his life. Back in costume, Silk Spectre and Night Owl land at the prison where a full scale prisoner revolt is in progress. Meanwhile, Rorschach heads straight for the psychiatrist's office and gets his mask. Silk Specter and Night Owl arrive and subdue dozens of prisoners with fists and kicks. We see the dwarf run into the men's bathroom to hide, as Silk Spectre and Night Owl find Rorschach. Before he leaves, he says "Excuse me, I have to visit the men's room". For a moment, we see Big Figure through the swinging door, and we see water and blood running on the floor after Rorschach leaves. Back in Daniel's basement lair, Night Owl and Laurie revel in the fun of their evening. Dr. Manhattan appears and zaps Laurie to Mars with him. As he says how beautiful it is, she doubles over and throws up. Night Owl and Rorschach go out again and find out that Janie Slater, who worked for Pyramid, hired Adrian Veidt's assassin. They decide to "follow the money". Sally calls Hollis, and Hollis tells her that the news is reporting Night Owl and Silk Spectre's rescue of the people trapped in the burning building. They revel in the joy of their proteges. Immediately afterwards, young thugs, knowing that Hollis was the original Night Owl, break into his apartment. He fights valiantly, but they kill him. Rorschach and Night Owl argue, but Rorschach offers his hand in friendship, and they agree to go out in costume looking for the person who tried to kill Adrian. They hear on the TV news that Hollis has been murdered, and Night Owl badly beats up a gang member, even though he is not sure who killed Hollis. On Mars, Manhattan tells Laurie what she is going to tell him, and she observes that "the most powerful thing in the universe" is "just going through the motions." She apologizes for sleeping with Dan, and remarkably, Manhattan seems unaware. He explains that "My red world here means more than your blue one," as his machine emerges behind them. In the War Room, Nixon orders Def Con 1 to send the bombers. Rorschach and Night Owl break into Adrian's office. Night Owl guesses that the password to Adrian's computer is "RamesesII" and they find out that Pyramid is owned by Adrian's company, Veidt International. In Antarctica, at Karnac, a group of scientists raise a toast to Manhattan's energy reactor, which is now online. Adrian, dressed as Ozymandias, compares the scientists to the Egyptian servants who were buried with their pharaoh, as he steps over their poisoned bodies. A moment later he has them disintegrated in a manner similar to Jon Osterman's accident. Back in NYC, Rorschach records his suspicions in his journal, which he drops through mail slot in the door of the "New Frontier" newspaper. On Mars, Laurie pleads for help for the Earth. Manhattan says that "The universe will not even notice" and that "Life is overrated". He wonders how things are better with another oil pipeline or shopping mall. She tells him to send her back to Earth to be "fried" with her mother and Daniel. She challenges Manhattan to "do that thing you do" and confront her with details of her life that she doesn't want to remember. Probing her memories, Manhattan reveals to her that her mother eventually had a romantic relationship with the Comedian, despite his previous attempted rape of her. Blake is revealed to be her biological father, and she is distraught, saying "My life is just one big joke." She smashes Manhattan's watch-like machine; Manhattan generates a protective field around them both, sheltering them from the debris. Manhattan tells her that he was wrong about undervaluing miracles. He notes that against "unfathomable odds" Laurie came from the coupling of Sally and the Comedian, "a miracle". The view pulls back from Mars, revealing that they are standing in a giant smiley face on the planet's surface. Rorschach and Nite Owl fly south to Karnac (in Antarctica) where Archie, having been underwater in New York for many hours, freezes from the water still in it & is suddenly rendered unpilotable, crash lands. Jimi Hendrix's "All Along the Watchtower" plays as Ozymandias watches Rorschach and Nite Owl hiking in the snow towards Karnac on one of dozens of televisions that are arrayed before him. Other televisions display newscasts and other information from around the globe. Rorschach and Nite Owl sneak in, thinking that he is unaware of their arrival. In fact, he is fully aware. They confront Ozymandias, attempting to subdue him in hand-to-hand combat, however, he easily defeats them both. Veidt confirms he is the mastermind behind the Comedian's murder, because he was "cracking badly" and had uncovered Ozymandias' plan. He also spent $2 billion to manipulate Manhattan into not seeing the future and leaving the Earth, arranged the framing of Rorschach, and also staged his own assassination attempt to place himself above suspicion. He explains that his plan is to unify the United States and Soviet Union and prevent nuclear war by "killing millions" in several of the world's largest cities, "to save billions." Veidt intends to use devices with Dr. Manhattan's unique energy signature to destroy the cities. The world will think Dr. Manhattan is behind all the deaths and will unite against him, thereby stopping the impending nuclear war. Rorschach and Nite Owl attempt to stop him, but Ozymandias tells them that he would only tell them his plan if they couldn't possibly prevent it. In fact, he had started the destruction 35 minutes earlier. On TV monitors, they see that the cities are being destroyed. Henry Kissinger tells Nixon that the energy signatures are not nuclear devices launched from the Soviet Union, they are from Dr. Manhattan. Laurie and Manhattan arrive at the ruins of New York City and see the results of Ozymandias's plan. Manhattan observes that the destruction was "made to look like I did it." They teleport to Karnak to confront Ozymandias. Ozymandias appears to obliterate Manhattan, and Laurie pulls out a gun and shoots him. He falls down the stairs, but then realizes that he caught the bullet and is completely unharmed. In a first surprise for Ozymandias, Manhattan reappears, telling Veidt that he was able to more easily and quickly reassemble himself, having learned how to do so from the first accident that claimed his life. "The world's smartest man poses no more threat to me than does its smartest termite." Ozymandias reveals a TV remote control, and all of the televisions are switched to a broadcast of Nixon blaming Manhattan for the destruction. After President Nixon states that the US and Soviets have allied, Dr. Manhattan realizes Ozymandias' plan is logical and revealing the conspiracy would only break the peace and lead again to nuclear destruction. Rorschach is unwilling to remain silent and angrily turns to leave, steadfastly believing that a crime has been committed and that the world must know about it. Manhattan says that he understands, "without condoning or condemning", how Adrian feels about killing millions of innocents to save the planet. Outside Rorschach is confronted by Manhattan. In despair, Rorschach takes off his mask, and he demands that Manhattan kill him; Manhattan finally obliges, leaving only a bloody outline in the snow. Daniel is a witness and cries out in anguish. Manhattan shares a final kiss with Laurie and departs for another galaxy that is "a little less complicated. Maybe I'll create some life there". After watching Manhattan kill Rorschach, Daniel comes back into the building and attacks Adrian, telling him that he has "deformed" mankind. Adrian takes the blows without emotion. Daniel and Laurie fly away in Archie. We hear the beginning of an episode of The Outer Limits as Laurie talks with her mother. She tells her mother that she knows the Comedian was her father, and they make amends. Daniel appears and says that Archie is all updated and ready. Daniel observes that "As long as people think that Jon is still watching, we'll be okay." Outside, life goes on. A newspaper editor in New York complains of nothing worthwhile to print because of the world-wide peace. He tells a young reporter, Seymour, that it's like living in a world-wide hippie commune where the only hamburgers available have a Russian variation: borscht. The reporter says that they could write a story about Ronald Reagan who may run for president. The editor dismisses this; "Americans don't want a cowboy in the White House." Instead, he tells Seymour he should print whatever he likes from a collection of crank mailings. The camera focuses on the mail basket containing Rorschach's journal. 