nm0005111:

 Sabrina the Teenage Witch (19962003)Summaries When a sixteen-year-old high school student finds out she's a witch, her two aunts offer guidance on how to control her newly-discovered magical powers. Sabrina Spellman (Melissa Joan Hart), a perfectly normal sixteen-year-old, is informed by her aunts, Hilda (Caroline Rhea) and Zelda (Beth Broderick), that she (and they, and her whole family on her father's side) are witches. She lives with them in Massachusetts while preparing to receive her witch's license. Along the way, she gets into many scrapes while figuring out how certain spells work. She also has to keep the secret from her boyfriend, Harvey (Nate Richert), friends Jenny (Michelle Beaudoin), and later Valerie (Lindsay Sloane), stuck-up nemesis Libby (Jenna Leigh Green), and the ever-suspicious Principal Willard Kraft (Martin Mull). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Reflections on Ice: Michelle Kwan Skates to the Music of Disney's 'Mulan' (1998 TV Movie)Summaries A retelling of the Disney film, Mulan (1998) , using animated clips and songs from the film, but this version was staged on ice. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 High Ground (2020)Summaries In a bid to save the last of his family, Gutjuk, a young Aboriginal man, teams up with ex-soldier Travis to track down Baywara, the most dangerous warrior in the Territory, his uncle. Set against the stunning landscapes of 1930s Arnhem Land, HIGH GROUND chronicles young Aboriginal man Gutjuk, who in a bid to save the last of his family teams up with ex-soldier Travis to track down Baywara - the most dangerous warrior in the Territory, who is also his uncle. As Travis and Gutjuk journey through the outback they begin to earn each other's trust, but when the truths of Travis' past actions are suddenly revealed, it is he who becomes the hunted. Madman Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ice Castles (2010)Summaries Alexis is a young girl who dreams of becoming a champion figure skater. One day, while practicing, Alexis suffers a terrible accident that takes her sight and threatens to destroy her dreams. Alexis Winston is a young girl who dreams of becoming a champion figure skater. The road to becoming a champion is tough and forced to leave her family behind and eventually causes the break up between her and her boyfriend. While practicing, Alexis suffers a terrible accident that takes her sight and threatens to destroy her dreams. In the midst of feeling sorry for herself she finds herself falling in love all over again with her boyfriend in Nick who (with help from her family) helps her to realize that she can still fulfill her dreams. Michael Higgins It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 