nm0004173:

 Grand Finale (1993)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rome (20052007)321) A down-to-earth account of the lives of both illustrious and ordinary Romans set in the last days of the Roman Republic. In this British historical drama, the turbulent transition from Roman republic to autocratic empire, which changed world history through civil war and wars of conquest, is sketched both from the aristocratic viewpoint of Julius Caesar, his family, his adopted successor Octavian Augustus, and their political allies and adversaries, and from the politically naive viewpoint of a few ordinary Romans, notably the soldiers Lucius Vorenus and Titus Pullo and their families. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rome Opening Credits Intro. Seven years have passed and at the Aventine Collegium Titus Pullo (Ray Stevenson) deals with restless Romans who are amassing at his gates demanding more rations because they are starving as a result of a dire shortage of grain. As Gaia (Zuleikha Robinson) watches from his balcony eating an apple, Pullo delivers an impassioned speech telling the masses to go home and wait for the next days ration. In the interim, Titus Pullo meets with Octavian (Simon Woods) to update him about the grain shortage and asks for more grain. Octavian tells Titus Pullo that he has only the grain left to feed his military and they have to eat, too. Agrippa (Allen Leech) advises Octavian to send part of the troops to Africa this freeing up extra grain for the people that would give them an extra month's worth of rations. Octavian agrees with the short-term solution, but realizes that something else must be done to feed the masses. Before parting, Octavian asks Titus Pullo what the people are saying about him and the situation. Choosing his words carefully, Titus Pullo advises that the people are blaming Octavian and not Marc Antony. Titus Pullo points out Marc Anthony's popularity with the people. Octavian describes himself as "cold and harsh." Titus Pullo says, he wouldn't say that, but offers that Octavian isn't exactly known to be "affectionate" and after all Marc Antony "loves the people. Cut to Egypt, where Lucius Vorenus (Kevin McKidd) seemingly awakens in bed next to Niobe (Indira Varma) where they share and affectionate moment which ends in a nightmare scenario. Vorenus awakens in real life next to a bald, and naked Egyptian prostitute who as she places a black, braided wig on her head complains about Vorenus' evil dreams and that he should pay more money. Vorenus tells her to be quiet as he splashes water on his face and dresses for duty in legionary gear. Vorenus enters the palace of Cleopatra (Lindsey Marshal) and encounters Posca (Nicholas Woodeson) who wears eyeliner and Egyptian apparel while lounging in an office filled to the rafters with various scrolls. Vorenus asks what's going on and Posca tells him that Mark Antony (James Purefoy) and Cleopatra are receiving Bibulus (Jack Ellis), who Octavian has sent to barter with Mark Antony to get new shipments sent from Egypt. Vorenus asks why he is not with Mark Antony and Posca answers that he chooses to get out of sight when Cleopatra shrieks at him. Vorenus heads to the room where Mark Antony is negotiating with Bibulus while also giving Cleopatra a lesson in archery amid luxurious cushions. Antony has altered in that he wears Egyptian attire and jewelry plus various tattoos and kohl around his eyes . Cleopatra wears a revealing metal brassiere and skirt with two slits up the front revealing her bare thighs. Cleopatra has lesson includes a slave dressed as a dear who crawls on all fours as Antony directs him to sip from a bowl of water on the floor. During the grain negotiation, Cleopatra misses her target and with every miss, the slave dressed as a deer cowers in fear and yelps aloud. During the negotiation, Mark Antony and Cleopatra continually increase their demands in exchange for grain, eventually driving away Octavian's negotiator when Cleopatra also asks for Spain which proves to be a deal breaker. As the talks break down Cleopatra finally hits her deer target and the slave his shown on the floor pierced by her arrow and bleeding profusely from the neck. Vorenus orders the other servants to remove the body. As Bibulus exits, he asks Vorenus what has happened to Antony and Vorenus gives Bibulus the brush off. Antony hopes to push Octavian into declaring war, which Antony believes he can win due to his support among the Roman people. Realizing the tight spot he's in Octavian sends for Atia of the Julli (Polly Walker), who preparing for the opera and Octavia (Kerry Condon), who now has a young daughter by Mark Antony named Antonia, to join him at a luxurious dinner. As a last resort to sway public sentiment to his side, Octavian tells Octavia and Atia he needs their assistance to mediate a grain settlement with Antony. Atia tells Octavian that she has no desire to go on a long sea voyage and that neither she nor Octavia are "hungry" and basically what's in it for them? Octavian counters with, "What do you want?" Atia asks for a Villa in Capri and turns to Octavia asking her of she also desires a new villa. Octavia cannot make up her mid so at Atia's suggestion, Octavia tells Octavian she will settle for cash. Octavian agrees and sends Atia and Octavia to Alexandria, knowing that Antony will reject his lover and lawful wife respectively. During a post-coitus moment of pillow talk, Livia Drusilla (Alice Henley), Octavian's new wife, asks Octavian about Atia and Octavia sailing off to Egypt for the mediation. Livia figures out Octavian's strategy out loud. Octavian refuses to discuss it with her, rolls over and ends the evening by saying, "Good night, dear." Atia and Octavia are seen on a Roman vessel down below. Octavia suffers from sea sickness and Atia asks Octavia if she's changed very much since Antony last saw her. Octavia says now and gets even sicker upon hearing a slave vomit within earshot. Atia looks out of the window as a shipman announces land. Atia and Octavia disembark for the Egyptian capital for an audience with Mark Antony who ends up in a a violent tussle with Cleopatra after Mark Antony first insults her by referring to her as "like a queen" and then further refuses to agree to kill Atia and Octavia or arrange for a sea disaster while the two sail back to Rome. Cleopatra's position is that if Mark Antony no longer loves Atia, killing her should not be an issue. Carried by slaves, Atia and Octavia arrive at the front door of Cleopatra's palace. It is sweltering hot. Atia says, Egypt is strange. Octavia marvels at the sheer size of the palace. They wait. There is no one to either greet them or receive them and the women complain that no one brings them water. Meanwhile the violent argument between Cleopatra and Mark Antony has turned into a rambunctious sexual interlude. Antony then calls for Vorenus to handle a "delicate matter." In the meantime, Jocasta (Camilla Rutherford), who's garbed in Egyptian attire per Cleopatra, sneaks out of the palace to talk with her old friend, Octavia and Atia. Atia and Octavia marvel at Jocasta's Egyptian appearance. Jocasta says she must wear her hair in the Egptian or face the wrath of Cleopatra who despises Roman styles. Jocasta compliments Octavia's hairstyle and asks Octavia if that's how Roman women are wearing it now. Posca furtively comes out of the palace a few minutes later to retrieve Jocasta fearing that harm will come to both of them if Cleopatra discovers them talking to Atia and Octavia, and whisks her back into the palace. Cut to Cleopatra's two children by Antony tumbling out of a palace hallway to greet their father who is tired and falls asleep before they go. Cleopatra looks at Anthony in wonder. Ultimately, Octavian is proven correct: Antony refuses to see Atia and Octavia (owing to the fact he was in the middle of having sex with Cleopatra) and with Vorenus' assistance sends them packing back to Rome. Atia, who at first is happy to see that Vorenus has not "gone native" sees him as an ally to no avail, takes the rejection very hard and attempts to storm the palace while calling out Antony's name. Vorenus intervenes. Atia tells Vorenus that he would not manhandle them, but Vorenus points to Cleopatra's Nubian guards who step forward in a show of force to dispatch them forthwith. A distraught Atia turns leave and head back to the ship without being carried. Before also parting on foot, Octavia tells Vorenus to deliver a message to her husband, Antony that he is a "Coward" and scum. Caesarion (Max Baldry) commands Vorenus to play ball with him after her bullies a servant away by hitting him with the ball. Vorenus agrees while hitting Caesarion with the ball striking him in the shoulder. Caesarion winces in pain but continues to play while asking Vorenus for information about his father. Vorenus tells Caesarion ambiguous stories about Caesarion's father (the boy believes his father to be Julius Caesar though Vorenus is speaking of Titus Pullo). Again--Vorenus chooses to stay in Alexandria with Antony, but before Posca departs the ship bound for Rome (Vorenus catches Posca and Jocasta in the act of packing to flee Egypt but plays along with their fiction of taking a walk to see the ships at port), Vorenus tells Posca that if he sees Titus Pullo to tell them Vorenus asks him to kiss his children for him and next advises Posa to make haste for the wind is picking up and the ships shall sail with the winds thus, jeopardizing his and Jocasta's chance "to see the ships" before they set sail. Posca and Jocasta are next seen surreptitiously leaving the palace, making their way through the crowds to the seaport. In truth, Posca secretly leaves Antony's service, stowing away with Jocasta on the ship carrying Atia and Octavia so that they can defect back to Octavian. Antony wakes up from his nap and runs into Vorenus while searching for Posca, who he cannot find. Vorenus tells Antony (dressed in yet another Egyptian garment) he doesn't know where Posca is, but delivers the message from Octavia to Antony. Vorenus tells Antony that he is not a coward as Octavia suggests, but that he recognizes his symptoms of having a sickness of the soul. Antony looks at Vorenus for a prolonged moment and walks away after sighing. Octavian greets Atia upon her return to Rome. Atia in turn, slaps Octavian, and says to hell with the villa she wants Antony dead. Posca also delivers to Antony the last will and testament of Antony and Cleopatra. Octavian uses this as evidence that Antony has gone mad due to the bewitchery of the sorceress Cleopatra, blackens his eyes like a prostitute, worships idols and has become a threat to the state, spreading such news to the public via the Newsreader (Ian McNeice) and gaining the Senate's support in a war against Antony. Octavian summons Titus Pullo for a personal audience in the Senate house and requests that Pullo come with him to Egypt, hoping that Pullo could reason with Vorenus and mediate for Antony. Pullo expresses his doubts, but agrees to escort Octavian. At the Aventine Collegium, where Pullo is rationing out grain to increasingly restless Romans, Pullo makes final arrangements with his men and Vorenus' children, and leaves Mascius in charge. However, the night before Pullo leaves, he is attacked by Memmio, who Pullo had imprisoned in a small cage since his defeat in the gang wars to serve as a warning to the ranks of his men about betrayal. Memmio knocks Pullo unconscious and moves in to kill him with a knife. Gaia intervenes and kills Memmio, but she is severely wounded. As Gaia is being treated, she says she is not a good woman, that she is troubled by "Nemesis." Pullo asks why she is troubled by Nemisis and Gaia then confesses to Pullo that Eirene was a good woman and that because she wanted Pullo for herself, she killed Eirene and their unborn child by spiking Eirene's tea with poison. Pullo, seething with anger, chokes her to death, then carries her corpse through a crowd of shocked onlookers, who watch Pullo as he dumps her body unceremoniously into a muddy pool, which ensures that Gaia is doomed to never enter the netherworld and her spirit will wander aimlessly in limbo because she has not received proper funeral rites. 
 Mission: Impossible III (2006)761) IMF agent Ethan Hunt comes into conflict with a dangerous and sadistic arms dealer who threatens his life and his fiance in response. A man named Owen Davian kills an IMF agent that was sent undercover by the legendary Ethan Hunt, who has retired from combat missions. Hunt now has a fianc, Julia, who believes that he works for the traffic department when he really trains younger IMF agents to go into combat. He is assigned to his last mission. His mission, should he choose to accept it is to capture Davian, who is selling a toxic weapon called the rabbits foot. But Davian is reckless, cruel, and deadly. He promises Hunt that he will find Julia, hurt her, and Ethan will be too dead to help her. The mission is no more different to others, its dangerous, smart, and impossible; but now it's personal. The third entry in Tom Cruise's Mission: Impossible film series involves super Impossible Mission Forces (IMF) agent Ethan Hunt (Cruise) being forced back into the field just when he was planning on marrying his girlfriend, Julia (Michelle Monaghan). The agency asks Hunt to save an operative (Keri Russell) he trained after weapons dealer Owen Davian (Philip Seymour Hoffman) kidnaps her. With the help of his field team -- played by Ving Rhames, Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, and Maggie Q -- Hunt achieves his goal, but becomes involved in a web of double-crosses that leave him wondering if he can trust his superiors (Billy Crudup and Laurence Fishburne). Eventually Davian threatens Julia's life in order to get away with his evil plan. Super-spy Ethan Hunt has retired from active duty to train new IMF agents. But he is called back into action to confront the toughest villain he's ever faced - Owen Davian, an international weapons and information provider with no remorse and no conscience. Hunt assembles his team: his old friend Luther Strickell, transportation expert Declan, and background operative Zhen. They are to rescue one of his very own trainees, Lindsey who was kidnapped while on a surveillance detail of Davian. It soon becomes evident that Davian is well-protected, well-connected, and downright malicious. This forces Hunt to extend his journey back into the field in order to rescue his fiance, Julia, and uncover IMF double agents in the process. While in his engagement party with doctor Julia, the IMF agent, Ethan Hunt, is invited to a rescue mission of his former protge. Agent Lindsey Farris was trained by him but has been kidnapped by the evil dealer, Owen Davian. Ethan accepts the assignment and rescues Lindsey with his team, but she is killed by a bomb that has been implanted in her head. Ethan finds that Owen will be in the Vatican and he joins his group to abduct him. They succeeded in their mission, but back in USA they are betrayed, Owen is released by his team and he abducts Julia, bringing her to Shanghai. Owen contacts Ethan and forces him to steal a powerful weapon in order to save the life of Julia. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The superior IMF agent Ethan Hunt is back. While contemplating living a quiet life with his wife-to-be, Julia, IMF has called him in to rescue his former student, Lindsey Farris, from the powerful arms dealer, Owen Davian. But Farris was killed in this mission. After Marrying Julia, Ethan and his team of IMF agents head toward Vatican City to capture Davian and interrogate him about the most powerful nuclear device ever created, the Rabbit's Foot. After Davian escapes, he somehow captured Julia, now Hunt must travel to Shanghai to recover the Rabbit's Foot and save Julia, and as always Hunt must "expect the impossible". John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ethan Hunt (Tom Cruise) has retired from being an IMF team leader, instead opting for a quiet life with his fiance Julia (Michelle Monaghan), a hospital nurse (who was the captive in the opening sequence). During their engagement party, Ethan is contacted by IMF Operations Director Musgrave (Billy Crudup) who provides him with a disposable camera. After viewing a video hidden in the camera, he finds out Musgrave wants him to rescue Agent Lindsey Farris (Keri Russell), Ethan's protg, who has been captured in Berlin by Owen Davian (Philip Seymour Hoffman), a prominent dealer in the international black market (the captor from the opening). He reluctantly agrees to participate in the mission and meets the team which has been selected for him, consisting of Declan Gormley (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), Zhen (Maggie Q), and his old partner, Luther Stickel (Ving Rhames). The team assaults an enemy stronghold in Berlin and extracts Agent Farris successfully, but she dies during their escape when an explosive capsule placed inside her head detonates. After Lindsey's funeral, Ethan is notified of a "package" sent to him by Lindsey, and discovers that it is a microdot hidden under the stamp in a blank postcard. Ethan discusses its possible importance with Luther and both decide to keep its existence a secret. Using information recovered from a laptop in the Berlin mission, Ethan then decides to go after Davian himself, targeting him at a meeting in Vatican City, where a lucrative transaction involving a mysterious object, codenamed "The Rabbit's Foot", is apparently taking place. Neither of Ethan's superiors, directors Brassel (Laurence Fishburne) or Musgrave, has authorized the mission. Before leaving, Ethan reassures Julia of their relationship, and promptly marries her at the hospital in a small ceremony. The team then arrives in Rome and sets off their elaborate plan to abduct Davian, barely avoiding disaster in the process. The operation succeeds nonetheless. Ethan interrogates Davian on the flight home. However he is angered by Davian's quiet but confident threats of killing his wife, and attempts to throw him off the plane before being talked out of it by Stickel. While transporting Davian across the Chesapeake Bay Bridge-Tunnel in a convoy, Luther hands Ethan a laptop computer and plays the video message from the decoded microdot: Lindsey had discovered that Director Brassel is a mole, who has been leaking information to Davian about IMF operations. Suddenly, Ethan and his team are attacked by foreign mercenaries who, using a UAV drone, manage to extract Davian. Remembering Davian's threats to kill his wife, Ethan immediately rushes to the hospital where Julia works. He arrives barely moments too late and finds that Julia has already been abducted. At that moment of despair, Ethan receives a call from Davian with a proposition; he must retrieve the "Rabbit's Foot" from a facility in Shanghai within 48 hours, or his wife will be killed. Ethan, anxious to begin his mission to rescue his wife is abruptly taken into custody by the IMF and accused of masterminding the ambush. However, he manages to escape with help from Musgrave, who intercepted Ethan's call from Davian, and instructs Ethan to go to Shanghai. In Shanghai, Ethan reunites with his team once more and manages to infiltrate the heavily guarded building containing the Rabbit's Foot and steals it. Ethan then goes to the established meeting place where Davian is waiting. Told to "ask no questions", he is made to drink a substance which knocks him out. He awakes in a seedy room where Davian injects an explosive charge like the one that killed Lindsey into his head. The scene shown in the prologue then ensues: Julia and Ethan are bound to chairs and Davian threatens to kill Julia if he is not told the location of the Rabbit's Foot. Ethan, in panic, insists that he has delivered it. However, after counting to ten, Davian executes Julia. After Davian leaves, Musgrave enters, revealing himself as the traitor and explains the situation to a stunned Ethan; Davian will sell the Rabbit's Foot to known Middle Eastern enemies of the United States, the resulting attack being anticipated and controlled to generate only 'acceptable losses' - the concept of a "false flag" attack taken to the next level. This will then justify a massive retaliation that would result in an internationally supported hostile takeover of the region. He shows Ethan that the dead "Julia" was actually one of Davian's incompetent personnel wearing a mask, used to make sure that Ethan had brought the real Rabbit's Foot; Julia is still alive. Ethan escapes by biting Musgrave's arm before attacking him and taking his phone, which is used to track down Julia's location. Instrumental in this is the assistance of Benji (Simon Pegg), an IMF laboratory technician. After a furious run through the neighborhood, Ethan finally finds Julia, but before he can free her Davian activates the bomb in Ethan's head. The result is a splitting noise in Ethan's head which renders him incapable of thinking properly and defending himself. Davian then begins to savagely beat Ethan, but just as Davian prepares to kill Julia, Ethan manages to make an impressive comeback and hurls Davian out of the window. Davian is killed when a truck runs over him and Ethan during the scuffle--Ethan, on the bottom, is clear of the truck. Unable to find a defibrillator, Ethan loosens power cables to be able to put electricity on his body, to deactivate the bomb in his head, and quickly teaches Julia how to shoot his Beretta pistol. Julia turns on the power which seemingly kills Ethan, after which Musgrave attacks her. After killing Musgrave, she successfully resuscitates Ethan with CPR, and the two walk out with the Rabbit's Foot as Ethan proceeds to tell Julia the truth about his secret life. Back at headquarters, Ethan is congratulated for his heroic actions, and then leaves for his honeymoon with Julia, with the blessing of his applauding teammates and promises for another mission which the White House is keen to contact him about. 
 Letters to Juliet (2010)541) Sophie dreams of becoming a writer and travels to Verona, Italy where she meets the "Secretaries of Juliet". An American girl on vacation in Italy finds an unanswered "letter to Juliet" -- one of thousands of missives left at the fictional lover's Verona courtyard, which are typically answered by the "secretaries of Juliet" -- and she goes on a quest to find the lovers referenced in the letter. Anonymous Sophie goes to Verona, Italy with her fianc. There she finds a place where people write heart-breaking letters to Juliet and wait for an answer. Sophie meets the "secretaries of Juliet" who write back their letters. When she finds a letter that has been hidden for 50 years, she become a secretary of Juliet and helps the girl find her true love. Tanaya Naya Sophie, a woman who yearns to be a writer, travels with her fianceon a pre honeymoon to Verona, Italy. Because of her fiances many connections, she is left alone to sightsee. Among the sights she finds the "Secretaries of Juliet". There, woman write to women who have left letters to Juliet for love advice. While picking up the letters, she finds one that was written 50 years ago. Being a believer in true love she writes hoping to give the girl the answer she was searching for so long ago. She never expected her to come to Verona, bringing along her very attractive grandson. They soon begin a journey to find the notorious Lorenzo Bartillini. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with Sophie (Amanda Seyfried) walking through downtown New York while on the phone, trying to track down several individuals to see where they were on the day they found out WWII was over. In her hand she has a picture of the famous kiss that took place between a sailor and a nurse, and she's trying to confirm if it was staged or spontaneous. As she's in Times Square, where the picture was taken, she finds the right person who can verify her question. She meets with her boss at the New Yorker who asks her to be very certain that the information is correct, which she is, and he compliments her on her work. She asks him if she can start to submit some stories to him as she really wants to write, but he says she's such a good fact checker that there is no need to want more. He then asks her about the trip she is going on. Sophie and her fianc Victor (Gael Garcia Bernal) are leaving on a pre-honeymoon trip to Verona, Italy, because he will be opening up a restaurant in a few weeks and there will be no time to go after the wedding. She heads to the restaurant to find Victor unhappy because she can't write like she wants to, and finds that instead of packing, he's in the kitchen reinventing the noodle. She's annoyed because they're leaving for Italy in 12 hours, but he sweeps her off her feet and makes her smile and forgive him. They fly to Italy and stay at a hotel in Verona, where their room has a small balcony. They are both so excited to be there but for different reasons. Victor has been called by his manager, who has arranged for him to meet with some of their suppliers while he's there, and they spend the first day traipsing around the countryside meeting with suppliers at the wineries and in the cheese shops. Victor speaks fluent Italian and Sophie doesn't, so she's left out of most of the conversations. She's visibly getting more and more annoyed and finally snaps a little when Victor says that they are now ready to go on to the forest 125 kilometers away to see his truffle supplier. Sophie says she doesn't want to go, and wants to do some sightseeing with him, but Victor really only cares about the food. He makes her feel guilty by saying that he'll do what she wants, even though it's obvious that it's not what he wants, and she relents and offers to go sightseeing alone while he goes onto see the truffles. He claims its a win-win situation but Sophie isn't sure. We later see Sophie wandering through the streets of Verona by herself and she stumbles upon a tiny alleyway where a crowd of people stand. It's the alley below the balcony made famous by William Shakespeare in Romeo and Juliet, and it's known as Juliet's balcony. There are many people there, especially young women and girls writing letters which they pin on the wall for Juliet. Sophie stops one girl who's sobbing and asks if shes ok, and the girl, speaking only Italian, makes it clear that her heart has been broken. Sophie stays to write and spots a woman taking down all of the letters and putting them into a basket, taking them away with her. Sophie is curious so she follows the woman to a house several doors down and discovers the office of a group of women known as the Secretaries of Juliet. They take down the letters each day and write back offering advice and comfort. Sophie is so intrigued and fascinated that she stays for the day learning about them. She's invited to stay for dinner by one of the women but she says she needs to get back to Victor, who will be missing her. The mother of the woman sends her back with dessert for them both. She goes to the hotel to tell Victor about her find, but he can't concentrate on what she's saying, as he's too busy smelling and then enjoying the food she's brought back with her. He goes with her the next day to meet the woman who prepared the food and tells Sophie that he really wants to stay to learn how to cook from her. Sophie is disappointed once again but is excited to spend the day with the Secretaries of Juliet, seeing what they do. As she's helping to take down the letters off the wall that afternoon, she comes across a hole in the wall where a letter was left more than 50 years ago. It's from a young British girl, Claire, who writes that she left her love, Lorenzo Bartollini, and didn't run away with him as she had promised she would. She asks Juliet for guidance but, until now, the letter hasn't been seen. Sophie is moved by the letter and insists that she must write back. She spends all day perfecting her words and sends the letter out. She returns to the hotel and Victor tells her about an amazing opportunity. He has to go to a wine auction for several days but he can only get one ticket. He tells her that if she doesn't want him to go he won't go, but it's obvious he's already made up his mind. She tells him to go and he tells her that she can stay and write with the women and do her thing and it's a win-win situation again. Several days later, Sophie is sitting with the Secretaries and a man comes in asking who wrote the letter to Claire. Sophie is shocked that it actually found her, and the man turns out to be Claire's grandson, Charlie (Christopher Egan) who has come with his grandmother on her journey. Sophie desperately wants to meet Claire (Vanessa Redgrave), but Charlie refuses, saying that she's done enough, and angrily leaves. Sophie follows him to meet Claire who has been waiting under Juliet's balcony in the alleyway. Sophie introduces herself, to Charlie's annoyance, but she and Claire quickly become friends. They have dinner together that night and Claire reveals she has come to find Lorenzo and apologize for being such a coward, and shows that she still has the ring he gave her. Charlie is worried about this plan, but Sophie asks if she can come along, as she would love to write a story about it all. Charlie and Sophie argue but Claire says that she would love for Sophie to come with her. They drive to the village where Claire first met Lorenzo, and meet a man called Lorenzo Bartollini but he's not the right one. They regroup and try to narrow down how many people there are by the same name, and map them throughout Tuscany, since Claire is certain that he would never have left the area. They show a montage of clips as they meet different Lorenzo Bartollinis and each time it's not the right man. However, most are very attracted to Claire and offer that they would be happy to be her Lorenzo whenever she likes. Each night they return to a local hotel in Sienna, where they regroup and Sophie and Charlie come to a truce and then eventually a better understanding of one another as they reveal why Charlie is so protective of his grandmother. He explains that his parents were killed in a plane crash when he was young, and Sophie tells why she is clinging to Victor so hard (her mother walked out on her and her dad when she was very little). Sophie calls Victor each night but he's distant and uninterested in what she's doing and keeps adding just a few more days to his trip to do more of the things for his restaurant. Meanwhile, Charlie has taken a very big interest in Sophie and tries to spend more time with her each day. However, as they continue to look for Lorenzo Bartollini, they discover that one recently died and Claire is obviously upset because she has no way of knowing if it was her Lorenzo. Charlie takes his anger out on Sophie and says that it's all her fault, and what would she know about loss. Her mother didn't die, she just left. Claire scolds him and says that in Sophie's case it was worse, because her mother chose to leave her. They are quiet as they return to the hotel that night and Charlie says that it's time to go home. That night, Sophie comes out to speak with Charlie who's lying on the ground looking at the stars. She joins him and tells him that she's not sorry that she sent the letter, but she is sorry that they are leaving. Charlie says the same thing, and that he doesn't want to go, meaning that he doesn't want to leave her. He kisses her and she kisses him back and then suddenly realizes what she's doing and gets up and goes inside. Charlie doesn't know whether or not to say anything, and we see that Claire has been watching from her window the whole time. The next morning they are all quiet and Claire tries to lighten the mood and encourage them to not be afraid of their feelings. She suggests that they go and get a bottle of wine at a vineyard that they pass to prolong their journey. As they drive through the vineyard Claire spots a young man working in the fields and she begs them to stop the car. She looks like she's seen a ghost and says that the young man IS her Lorenzo. Sophie goes to ask him his name and it's Lorenzo Bartollini. Charlie gets excited and joins Sophie as another man comes up and asks what's going on and says that HIS name is Lorenzo Bartollini. Sophie deduces that they must be his son and grandson. They ask where their father is and are told that he's out riding and will be back soon. Claire begs them to leave before he returns. Charlie and Sophie try to convince her but she hears the sounds of hooves and watches as HER Lorenzo (Franco Nero) shows up on horseback. His son and grandson tell him her name and it's clear that he remembers her very well and they embrace while Charlie and Sophie look on. Lorenzo invites them all for dinner and they visit and catch up while Charlie and Sophie try not to look at each other at the table. Lorenzo reveals that he lost his wife, Rose, just as Claire has lost Jack, her husband, but that Destiny must have wanted them to get together, and he thanks Sophie for making it all happen. Sophie is uncomfortable being around Charlie and asks Lorenzo for a ride from one of his sons back to Verona. Charlie looks on in disbelief as she leaves and his grandmother asks what he's waiting for, and how many Sophies does he think he'll meet? He drives back to Verona meaning to confront her about his feelings for her, and sees her on the balcony hugging Victor who is happy to see her. He decides that he can't ruin her happiness and he drives away, missing the fact that Victor gets interrupted by a phone call again and walks away from Sophie who looks miserable. Back in New York Sophie is showing her story about the letter to her boss who is enthralled and wants to know what happened next. Sophie says sadly that she didn't stay in touch. She asks what her boss thinks and he tells her to buy stock in the Italian Airlines because of the number of women who will be flocking to Verona. Sophie is overjoyed that he's printing her story and he asks her if she has any more for him. She is on her way out to lunch with her friend to celebrate when she is handed her messages and mail by the receptionist. She has received a wedding invitation from Claire and Lorenzo, for their wedding that weekend in Sienna, and Claire has included the letter that Sophie found that started it all. Sophie heads to the restaurant where she proceeds to tell Victor that she will be going to the wedding, but alone. He tries to protest but she breaks off things with him and heads home to pack for her journey, leaving him alone with his kitchen. She arrives at the wedding looking for Charlie and surprises him that she came. He looks very happy to see her and she starts to tell him why she's there when she's interrupted by a woman named Patricia, who Sophie believes is his date. She heads inside and watches as Lorenzo marries Claire. As they are enjoying the reception Sophie is struggling not to cry while watching Charlie, then Claire interrupts and asks if she can read aloud the response that Sophie sent to her. The letter is wonderfully written and centers around the words What If and encourages her to follow her dreams. Everyone applauds the letter and Sophie smiles and excuses herself from the reception. Charlie notices that she's upset and follows her. He chases her behind the building but she seems to have disappeared, but she appears on a balcony above him. She tearfully tells him that she broke up with Victor because she's in love with him but that since he's with Patricia now she wishes him well. Charlie interrupts saying that Patricia is his cousin, not his date and proceeds to climb up to the balcony to Sophie, telling her that he's in love with her too. He asks her where she wants to live and talks about how London is wonderful and he can make her happy there but if she wants to live in New York then he will be more than happy moving there so long as he can be with her. She agrees and as he's leaning in to kiss her the vine he's climbing snaps and he falls to the ground. Sophie rushes to him and asks if he's ok, and he asks her if anyone saw him fall. She looks up to see the whole wedding party looking on but lies and tells him 'No' as she kisses him. ~Beth~ 