nm0001487:

 Angel Baby (1995)211) Two schizophrenics meet during therapy and fall passionately in love. Ahead of them lies the inevitable road to disaster - one they share to the end. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Harry(John Lynch) and Kate(Jacqueline Mckenzie) are schizophrenics.Their first meeting is at one of the group sessions they have to attend at the clinic where they are both outpatients.From the first moment Harry sets eyes on Kate, he is in love. She is intense, with dark eye-pencil lining her eyes, and strawberry blonde hair. Harry tells his brother later, I worship her. But he hasn't spoken to her yet. Harry is staying with his brother(Morris) and his family. One day after their therapy sessions; when Kate's boarding a bus, Harry follows her. Kate realizes she is being followed, and moves to the front of the bus. Harry follows her. The bus arrives at a stop, and Kate suddenly flees out the back door. Harry races after her. He chases her through a park and she finally stops and confronts him,"what are you doing? Why are you following me?". He is too shy to answer. In their cordial conversation she reveals that during childhood she was raped by her father.Suddenly she remembers something & hurries back towards the bus stop. She races back to the sidewalk, but the bus had left. She panics, dropping her bag, she screams at Harry," I needed to be on that bus. I need a television!!!". Harry grabs her hand and she runs along with him. They run across a bridge towards the city. He takes her to a store with TVs airing Wheel of Fortune. Kate crouches on the sidewalk, taking out her journal, she starts watching the show, and writing things down. She tells him that she gets messages at Wheel of Fortune from Astral, her guardian angel. Kate glances up at Harry and barks," And dont you dare laugh at me". He shakes his head, he wont, he wont laugh. Harry and Kate's love affair heats up immediately. They devour one another in love scenes passionate and raw. Harry has Kate over for dinner at his brothers house. She wears a skimpy orange dress showing too much skin. She nervously smokes. She refuses to use a fork, and tries to cut her meat with a spoon, for reasons known only to her. Morris' wife asks Kate how things are going with Harry, and Kate replies, freely, somewhat flatly, Hes the best lover Ive ever had. Hes got a sideways move that rocks my world. Later Harry reveals that they have mutually decided to move in together. Harry and Kate both intend on taking up a job.They move in together, and there are funny scenes where they look through apartments at the realtors office and add up the numbers of the addresses and apartment numbers, and reject places because they are not numerically calming. They believe that there is a vast interconnected system out there, and if they can just align themselves correctly with the messages they are being given, from Astral, they will be safe.Kate becomes pregnant. Morris and his wife express concern on their decision to have a baby & after an heated argument with his brother Harry declares that he too has a right to have a family like him. As Harry walks away from them Kate follows him. Harry and Kate stand on the edge of the bridge, in the golden light of sunset, fearful of what will happen with their baby, fearful of how they will survive, afraid of the madness coming again knowing what that is, what that will mean and they flap their arms like the birds, cawing, cawing, cawing reaching out to one another to grasp hands, worried, quite evident in their eyes, but also laughing. Laughing not because they are happy. But laughing because all they have is the moment. In order to avoid any complications to the baby,so that it may not inherit their disorder Kate decides to go off her anti-psychotics for the safety of the baby. Harry, in an act of solidarity, goes off his as well, and they sit over the toilet, flushing them down, the bright green pills whirling down the drain, reminiscent of the image of the wheel of fortune on TV, incessantly spinning, colors over colors, telling them the future.But things go haywire for them after an awkward incident at a shopping mall wherein we see Kate's hallucinations reappear, haunting her to flee from the scene to a dark corner of the mall. Harry comforts her but the lack of medication affects him as well for the other day he is fired by his employer after revelation of his medical condition. Harry's hallucinations torment him as he pounds at the side of his head.Meanwhile Kate realizes that Harry has lost his job and this further adds to her already deteriorating mental state.Traumatized she locks herself up in a bathroom from where she is taken to the hospital after Morris discovers her crouching in the bathroom. At the hospital Harry is informed that Kate doesn't want to see him anymore and she would undergo her treatment in the hospital. Harry later finds her and helps her escape from the hospital after showing her a phrase(Run & Hide) that appeared in Wheels of Fortune. He hides her at a developing infrastructure site without informing Morris with whom now he lives. Harry later returns to his room to find Kate's medication but Morris confronts him and he agrees to send her back to hospital & reveal her whereabouts if Morris would bring her medication. Kate has a sudden miscarriage and she's rushed to the hospital. In the hospital, Kate dies while giving birth to their daughter. Harry asks his brother to take care of his daughter and walks to the bridge where Kate and Harry once stood to "fly". Harry climbs to the top of the railing imagining Kate by her side telling her she won't wait for too long there.As Harry gazes the sun, the screen fades and Harry's further actions are open for interpretation. 
 Black Death (2010)541) Set during the time of the first outbreak of bubonic plague in England, a young monk is given the task of learning the truth about reports of people being brought back to life in a small village. Set during the time of the first outbreak of bubonic plague in England, a young monk is tasked with learning the truth about reports of people being brought back to life, a mission that pulls him toward a village ruler who has made a dark pact with evil forces. Anonymous In medieval England fallen under the shadow of the Black Death, a young monk called Osmund is charged in leading a fearsome knight, Ulric and his group of mercenaries to a remote marsh. Their quest is to hunt down a necromancer - someone able to bring the dead back to life. Torn between his love of God and the love of a young woman, Osmund discovers the necromancer, a mysterious beauty called Langiva. After Langiva reveals her Satanic identity and offers Osmund his heart's desire, the horror of his real journey begins. In 1348, England is devastated by the Bubonic plague which spreads death across the lands and villages. The young monk, Osmund, asks his beloved Averill to travel with him to a remote village near the Dentwich Forest where the Black Death has not reached yet. She says that she will wait for him in the forest, but Osmund tells her that he will stay at the Staveley Monastery as he is a man of God. However, the emissary of the bishop Ulric arrives at the monastery recruiting a religious man to guide his soldiers and him through the forest and the swamp to the village. They believe that there is a necromancer resurrecting people and protecting the village from the plague. Along their journey, they fight against forest thieves and Osmund finds Averill's clothes dirty and bloody. When they reach the village, they find happy and healthy villagers that have renounced God but are living in peace, and they are welcomed by the leaders Hob and the alchemist Langiva. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Black Death begins with a voiceover from Wolfstan (John Lynch), a soldier in the employ of the Church in 13th Century England. As an enforcer of the Church's will, Wolfstan is one of a group who roots out and hunts down all traces of infidelity and sacrileges against God. The opening voiceover talks about the bubonic plague decimating life across England. Many people believe the plague is a divine punishment sent by God to scourge the unfaithful, but Wolfstan questions what amount of sin would warrant a punishment as cruel and merciless as the plague. He believes the plague is the result of people in league with the Devil, and he and his fellow soldiers must hunt down and destroy those devil worshipers responsible for the plague. Osmund (Eddie Redmayne) is a young novice monk going into a nearby town on an errand. He stops to see Averill (Kimberley Nixon), a beautiful young woman who is in love with him. Osmund convinces Averill to leave town because of the plague's spread. He wants her to run and hide in a forest. Averill begs Osmund to go with her, and tells him that she will wait one hour each day, at dawn, by a particular landmark in the forest, for one week. After that she will know he is not coming. Osmund is torn between his love for Averill and his vows to God. Back at his monastery, he falls to his knees and prays fervently for a sign that will help him choose. A day later, a troop of Church soldiers arrives at the monastery. The soldiers are led by Ulrich (Sean Bean), an aide to the local bishop. Ulrich and his men, including Wolfstan, are on their way to a remote village at the edge of a large marsh, to investigate stories that it is free of the plague. Ulrich is at the monastery to conscript one of the monks as a guide to lead the soldiers through the marsh to the village. Osmund, having grown up in the area, sees this as the sign he prayed for, as the expedition must pass through the forest where he sent Averill into hiding. He eagerly volunteers to guide the soldiers. Along the way, in the woods, the soldiers pass by a group of villagers preparing to burn alive a woman suspected of witchcraft (Marianne Graffam). Ulrich interferes and unties the woman, leading her away only to cut her throat with a dagger. He tells Osmund that as soon as the soldiers left, the villagers would have promptly seized the woman again and carried on with the execution. The woman was as good as dead when they encountered her, and all Ulrich could hope to do was make her death painless and quick. They are passing through the forest where Averill is in hiding and make camp. At dawn, Osmund hurries to the landmark where Averill told him to meet her. He finds only her scarf and a group of bandits. Osmund makes it back to the camp, but the brigands track him there and attack the soldiers. The soldiers slay most of the brigands, but a few manage to escape -- with the soldiers' horses, forcing them to go the rest of the way on foot. They arrive at the village and are greeted by Hob (Tim McInnerny), who welcomes them when they say are travelers seeking shelter for the night. Osmund, who is wounded, receives treatment from the town herbalist, Langiva (Carice Van Houten). They are all invited to dine with the villagers in the evening. But slowly signs start to come out that things are not as they appear in the quiet, peaceful village. Langiva saw right through Ulrich's story, as she tells Osmund. Seeing a look about him, she trusts him with knowing that she harbors a resentment toward the pious and holy, as they killed her husband. Shortly before dinner, she brings him to a field where a number of scarecrow-like effigies are on stakes -- but Langiva tells Osmund that they are in fact the remains of the last Church party that sought to kill them for perceived heresies and sacrileges. Then she reaches into what appears to be a shallow grave... and pulls out Averill. Ulrich has found an idol that, to him, is proof that the village is without God -- and for that, they must all pay. But it is Ulrich and all the others who about to be betrayed. Their food and drink, at the dinner, was drugged. They all come to at dawn, bound in a deep trough filled to their waists with water. All the village is gathered around, and Langiva is to preside over THEIR trials. The village has become strong in its sense of community and having all renounced God. Now they intend to do the same with the soldiers, all of whom are defiant and ready even to wrestle each other over the 'right' to die first in God's name. The village chooses Frith (Thorsten Querner) to be first. They bind him to a cross, ready to kill him slowly and painfully unless he renounces his faith. But Frith's profession in the Church is a torturer; he inflicts torture on perceived heretics, witches, and those accused of being ungodly. He proves that there is nothing they can teach him about pain, and finally they simply disembowel him. The next soldier chosen, his morale broken, renounces his faith and God before the village, whereon Langiva says that three villagers will escort him to the outskirts and let him go free-- a lie, as he is hanged like a common criminal from the trees just outside the village. Langiva directs Osmund to go into a particular nearby house. She still sees him as a potential convert to the village's independent, atheistic way of life. Osmund finds Averill inside. She is in a deep, deep stupor, barely coherent, but she is alive. Still, to Osmund, it appears very much that her mind is gone; he believes Langiva has used dark witchcraft to make Averill into a zombie. Grieving and desperate to see Averill spared any pain and suffering, he takes a knife and grants her release through death, carrying her body out back to the village square. Langiva, angered by Ulrich's continued defiance, has him bound between two powerful draft horses to be drawn and quartered. Hob, instead of letting Ulrich be torn apart, has the horses pull enough to stretch Ulrich like he is on a rack, torturing him. Ulrich appears to break and begs that Osmund be allowed to administer last rites. As the young monk begins to do so, he removes Ulrich's outer garment. Ulrich's body is covered with large, bleeding sores. He has contracted the bubonic plague, and has now brought it to the village as his instrument of dark justice for its ungodliness. The villagers begin to scatter, spooking the horses, who tear Ulrich apart. The remaining soldiers manage to grab a dropped knife, cut themselves free, and overpower the remaining villagers. Hob is captured alive and most of those who remained are killed. Of the soldiers, only Wolfstan survives. Osmund runs after Langiva and accuses her of killing Averill. Langiva answers that she has no powers, no sorcery; she is merely an extremely skillful herbalist who used some 'parlor' tricks with her mastery of herbs and her ability with verbal persuasion, to give the villagers confidence and independence. She is not a witch, merely a good leader. She insists she did not kill Averill; she had found her alive in the forest and merely kept her drugged as part of the plan to convert Osmund. As she walks away, Osmund begs Langiva to bring Averill back, but she coldly tells him she has no power to do so; she scornfully suggests he pray to God and ask Him instead. Wolfstan places Hob in a restraint device hooked up to the wagon they brought. He is bringing Hob back to the Church to be put on trial as the village necromancer. But, as he explains in a voiceover, he knew that Hob was not guilty of witchcraft or any form of demonic consort. The village remained free of the bubonic plague not through witchcraft or necromancy, but merely by its remoteness from the rest of civilzation. Once Ulrich was found to have brought the plague to the village, any of the villagers who didn't die in battle with the soldiers were quickly wiped out by the illness. Wolfstan brings Osmund safely back to the monastery en route to the Church. Although he prays for Osmund to have a long, peaceful life, a series of voiceovers provided by Wolfstan show that Osmund's life became anything but peaceful. Wolfstan explains that he never saw Osmund again, but heard the terrible stories: Averill's death left Osmund nearly mad with grief. Desire for vengeance on Langiva turned his heart stone cold, and he took up the sword as an inquisitioner for the Church, leading merciless crusades against perceived witches. He saw Langiva's face in every woman who was tortured and killed at his command. He is shown delivering a terrified young woman to a dungeon, where she is brutally tortured; he watches impassively as her toes are crushed with metal pliers, and orders her to be killed when she still does not confess to heresy and witchcraft. Wolfstan's closing voiceover offers a prayer that Osmund somehow found peace in his work, as Osmund is seen presiding over a dark execution where a young woman suspected of witchcraft is dragged in terror from the village fields as she is working there, and burned alive. Fade to black. 
 The Secret Garden (1993)651) A young, recently-orphaned girl is sent to England after living in India all of her life. Once there, she begins to explore her new, seemingly-isolated surroundings, and its secrets. Living in India, Mary Lennox (Kate Maberly), a young, privileged girl, is left orphaned when her parents are killed in an earthquake. She is sent back to England where she goes to live on her Uncle Lord Archibald Craven's (John Lynch's) estate. It is a fairly isolated existence and she has to find things to keep herself occupied. She finds sickly young Colin Craven (Heydon Prowse), and a secret garden. grantss A young British girl born and raised in India loses her neglectful parents in an earthquake. She is returned to England to live at her Uncle Lord Archibald Craven's (John Lynch's) estate. Her uncle is very distant due to the loss of his wife ten years before. Neglected once again, she begins exploring the estate and discovers a garden that has been locked and neglected. Aided by one of the servants' brothers, she begins restoring the garden, and eventually discovers some other secrets of the manor. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Young Mary Lennox (Kate Maberly) is orphaned by an earthquake in India and sent to England to live with her uncle, Lord Archibald Craven (John Lynch), in a cold ancestral manor in Yorkshire. Mary briefly meets him, still mourning for his wife who died ten years ago, but she is mostly left on her own. A resourceful and inquisitive girl, she soon makes two exciting discoveries. First she finds an overgrown secret garden, the favorite of her aunt and locked up since her death. Second, that she has a cousin, Colin Craven (Heydon Prowse), a sickly boy who has been told he must remain in bed out of the daylight at all times. Once Mary and another new friend, Dickon (Andrew Knott), have brought the garden back to life they decide Colin must see it, a decision that will change several lives. J-26 After losing her self-indulging parents in an earthquake, a bitter young girl named Mary Lennox is sent to live in England with her reclusive uncle. Eventually she discovers her bedridden cousin and a 'secret garden' that once belonged to her deceased aunt. With the help of her cousin, the kindly Dickon, and a little 'magic', can Mary find a way to bring love back to her family? Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mary Lennox ( Kate Maberly ) is a ten year old British girl living in India around the cusp of the 20th century. Her parents ( Irne Jacob and Colin Bruce ) are neglectful, leaving her in the care of an Aya ( Parsan Singh ), a native servant, while they attend parties and partake in other leisures and obligations. This leaves Mary with a sour disposition and all the anger and bitterness of someone twice her age. Her anger leads her to act out, but she never cries. One night, while her parents are away at a nearby party, Mary breaks her mother's small, ivory elephant and hides with the pieces under her parent's bed. Suddenly, the earth shakes and things in the room begin to fall off their counters and break. Elephants roar and people outside scream as the earthquake continues. Mary's parents both perish in the devastation and she is left alone. Six months after the incident, Mary arrives by ship in Liverpool, England where she is picked up by Mrs. Medlock ( Maggie Smith ), the head keeper of Misselthwaite Manor in Yorkshire. The manor is owned by Mary's sullen uncle, Lord Archibald Craven ( John Lynch ) whose late wife was the twin sister of Mary's mother. Mrs. Medlock instructs Mary to keep out of trouble and not to disturb her uncle, who would rather not see her at all, while she finds ways to amuse herself. Mary is dissentful towards the manor which appears cold and dank among the wintry grounds it sits on. However, she finds a kind heart in her servant, Martha ( Laura Crossley ), the daughter of one of the cooks. Martha is patient with the angry Mary, and assists with her dressing and amusement, giving her a jump rope as a gift. She also speaks of her brother Dickon ( Andrew Knott ) who is around Mary's age and may provide her additional company while Martha works. Mary soon discovers that the manor holds many secrets and mysteries. She hears crying at night and, when she questions the servants, they deny the sounds. One evening she finds a hidden door in her room that leads to abandoned sectors of the manor. She discovers one particular room, dusty but brightly decorated, that she is interested to find belonged to her aunt. An ivory elephant, one identical to her mother's, sits on the bureau inside of which Mary finds a key. During one of her daily explorations of the grounds, Mary meets an old gardener named Ben Weatherstaff ( Walter Sparrow ) who warns Mary not to go snooping about, though he tells her that she reminds him of the late mistress. When Mary inquires about the grounds hidden behind a large stone wall, Ben tells her that it was a garden owned by Mrs. Crane and that it's since been locked away to anyone since she died. When he leaves, Mary is met by a red-breasted robin which leads her to the ivy covered wall and a secret doorway hidden within. Through the keyhole, Mary can see the expanses of a large garden. Remembering the key she found, Mary fetches it and tries it on the door: it fits. Inside, she finds that the garden is overgrown and appears dead in the chill air. Having originally thought that her uncle wanted nothing to do with her, Mary is surprised when she is summoned to meet him. She is brought to his study where she sees her crook-backed uncle for the first time. He is saddened to see that Mary looks just like her mother and, therefore, like his wife. Though he contemplates sending her to better accomodations at a boarding school, Mary begs to stay at the manor, asking only for a bit of earth to grow things in. Craven allows her to stay and bids her leave before he packs and leaves the manor, fleeing the coming spring, Mary theorizes. The staff at the manor speak of her uncle as a cursed man, forever enveloped in grief since the loss of his wife. Mary goes to visit her garden again and comes across the nature-loving Dickon. She shows him the garden on oath of secrecy and he relieves her worries of its health when he shows her that all the plants in the garden are still alive, just asleep. He helps her remove invasive weeds and shows her the proper way to plant flower bulbs. Mary smiles again. When she notices a swing hanging from a nearby tree, Dickon tells her that Mrs. Craven died falling from it. One night, Mary dreams of her mother. As her toddler self begins to cry after losing her mother, Mary awakens to the sound of real crying. She takes a candle and follows the sounds to a chamber she's never seen. Inside, a boy her age lies in a large bed and, when he sees her, stops his crying and beckons her forward. He introduces himself as Colin Craven ( Heydon Prowse ), the master of the house while his father's away. The children learn they are cousins and Colin tells Mary how he's never left the house and cannot walk while displaying his morbid obsession with death. He tells her that his mother died giving birth to him and, being so weak, was fed the notion that he will remain so until he develops a hunch like his father and then die. Medlock tends to Colin personally and rigorously instructs the other servants to provide for him. Mary, however, cannot see anything wrong with Colin besides the fact that he's cooped up inside all the time. His selfish behavior angers her further, though she regularly visits him while being sure to avoid Medlock who would highly disapprove. One day Mary, sickened by Colin's despondence and convinced that all he needs is some light, opens the closed windows and puts Colin in his wheelchair to sit by them. She leaves him in his room, but the light blinds him and, when he sees Mary outside with Dickon, he begins to throw a tantrum and falls out of his chair. The concerned servants place Colin on the bed where he continues to scream until Mary returns and begins massaging his back. When Medlock finds them together, she demands that Mary leave until Colin orders her to let them be. With Mary's encouragement, Colin finally decides that he may be ready to venture outside and makes the announcement to all the servants that he, Mary, and Dickon, will explore the grounds alone. Mary and Dickon take Colin in his wheelchair to the garden his mother used to tend. He is in awe and is convince that the place is filled with hidden magic. When old Ben discovers them, he blurts out that Colin is naught but a cripple. Offended, Colin stands for the very first time. As spring arrives and flowers bloom and animals are born, the children continue to visit the garden together and Colin grows stronger by the day, eventually learning to walk. They decide to keep his progress a secret and wish to surprise Lord Craven when he returns. Medlock, however, sees Mary as a threat to Colin's health and is convinced that her wild ways and disobedience will prove fatal to the boy. The children visit the garden every day and Mary and Dickon grow close. Colin expresses his love for Mary but she assures him that they will always be together as they look at photographs of their mothers. Colin feigns weakness in front of Medlock and the servants though he is against his old treatments, including taking ice baths to soothe his 'swollen' legs. Medlock soon grows convinced that Colin and Mary should be separated and she locks them in their rooms, intent on keeping them there until Craven's return. However, Mary escapes through the secret door in her room and reunites with Colin and Dickon. They escape the manor and run to the garden in the middle of the night to perform a magic rite to summon Colin's father home and set his spirit free. Craven, meanwhile, dreams of his wife and hears her calling him to her garden. He wakes with a start and immediately heads home. The servants are surprised to see him home unannounced and scramble to accompany him, including Medlock. He demands to see his son but, when they walk into an empty room, Medlock tells him that it must be because of Mary. They go to her room to find it also empty and Craven resolves to follow his wife's words. He leaves the distraught Medlock in the manor as he walks towards the garden where he hears laughter and finds the secret door open. He walks inside where he finds Colin blindfolded, but walking, playing blind man's bluff. Mary and Dickon emerge from their hiding spots as Craven approaches Colin. Thinking the figure is Dickon, Colin reaches up to touch his father's face before removing his blindfold in surprise. Father and son embrace one another in happiness but Mary runs away, saddened and thinking that no one wants her. Dickon tries to console her, but she runs off alone. Colin and Craven soon find her and Craven tells her that every miracle that has happened (the garden growing once more, Colin's strength, and now Craven's return to the place he thought he'd never see again) is because of her and she IS wanted. Everyone returns to the manor where the servants and Medlock are astounded to see Colin walking and running beside his father. Dickon rides his white pony over the Yorkshire estate as Mary narrates that her uncle learned to laugh, she learned to cry, and the garden remained open to all. And, if you look the right way, you can see that the whole world is a garden. 
 Best (2000)44) Pulling no punches in its depiction of soccer legend George Best 's slow descent from the heights of his Manchester United career, the man once dubbed the fifth Beatle for his glamorous lifestyle and good looks. Pulling no punches in its depiction of soccer legend George Best 's slow descent from the heights of his Manchester United career, the man once dubbed the fifth Beatle for his glamorous lifestyle and good looks died in November 2005 at the age of 59 - his cause of death was a kidney infection, a side-effect of the immuno-suppressant drugs he was required to take after a liver transplant. The film won a number of international festival awards. Documenting the life of one of Britain's football legends. George Best was the man who rose from humble beginnings to the top, but fame, fortune and high living took their toll, and Best found he was making headlines as much for his wild lifestyle as for his sporting prowess. This footballing biopic charts the rise and fall of one of the game's most feted players: Manchester United's talismanic midfielder George Best . Joining the club in the wake of the Munich air disaster, Best ( John Lynch ) was instrumental in the reconstruction of the team in the late Sixties, helping them to the League Championship at the age of 17 and the European Cup at 21. However, his on-field exploits were often overshadowed by his flamboyant behavior off the pitch, which included a stormy relationship with his wife Angie ( Patsy Kensit ). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 