nm0003387:

 Enough Said (2013)541) A divorced woman who decides to pursue the man she's interested in learns he's her new friend's ex-husband. A divorced and single parent, Eva (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) spends her days enjoying work as a masseuse but dreading her daughter's impending departure for college. She meets Albert (James Gandolfini) - a sweet, funny and like-minded man also facing an empty nest. As their romance quickly blossoms, Eva befriends Marianne (Catherine Keener), her new massage client. Marianne is a beautiful poet who seems "almost perfect" except for one prominent quality: she rags on her ex-husband way too much. Suddenly, Eva finds herself doubting her own relationship with Albert as she learns the truth about Marianne's ex. ID-PR Divorced Eva is a Los Angeles based masseuse, whose only child, teenager Ellen, is going away to college, Sarah Lawrence, in the fall, leaving Eva as an empty nester. As such, Eva slowly turns her motherly focus to Ellen's best friend, Chloe, without even realizing it. Not one for confrontation, Eva quietly accepts certain foibles of her clients without dealing with them as issues, such as Martin with halitosis, constant chatterbox Cynthia who Eva just tunes out, and young Hal who never offers to carry Eva's heavy and bulky massage table up his long and steep front set of stairs, but who she in turn never asks. Accompanying her married couple friends Sarah and Will to a party where she knows no one, Eva meets divorced Marianne, a poet, who hires Eva to be her masseuse. That professional relationship turns to friendship as both Eva and Marianne are looking for single friends who they can unburden themselves, mostly about their love lives and the disasters that were their first marriages. Also at that party, Eva meets divorced father, Albert, who, like Eva, will soon be an empty nester as Albert's daughter Tess is also going away to school back east in the fall. Despite the two of them indirectly stating at that party that they are not attracted to each other, Albert asks for Eva's number which leads to a date. That date slowly leads to a relationship which looks like it could be the second chance for both in terms of a loving committed relationship. With her relationships with Marianne and Albert on firm ground, Eva learns indirectly that Albert is Marianne's ex-husband, the man who Marianne has bad-mouthed time and time again in her and Eva's private conversations. Rather than confront the coincidence head on, Eva decides to remain silent about her finding to both Marianne and Albert. The subsequent private conversations that Eva has with Marianne and Albert could taint her feelings about the other. But if Marianne and/or Albert were to find out that Eva knew the situation without telling them, it could ruin the relationships Eva so needs at this crucial time in her life. Huggo Eva is a divorced soon-to-be empty-nest er wondering about her next act. Then she meets Marianne, the embodiment of her perfect self. Armed with a restored outlook on being middle-aged and single, Eva decides to take a chance on her new love interest Albert - a sweet, funny and like-minded man. But things get complicated when Eva discovers that Albert is in fact the dreaded ex-husband of Marianne. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eva (Julia Louis-Dreyfus), a masseuse, a mother of a teenage girl and a divorcee attends a party in Pacific Palisades with her friends, married couple Will (Ben Falcone) and Sarah (Toni Collette). She meets a poet, Marianne (Catherine Keener), and Will introduces Eva to his friends, Jason (Phillip Brock) and Albert (James Gandolfini). After the party, Albert asks Will for Eva's number and though hesitant, due to the lack of physical attraction, Eva agrees to go on a dinner date with Albert, which goes well. Marianne contacts Eva for a massage, Eva takes an immediate liking to Marianne, and they become friends. Eva finds herself more and more fond of Albert and they have lunch with his teenage daughter, Tess (Eve Hewson), who, like Eva's daughter, is graduating from high school and moving away to attend college. A few days later, Eva goes to her massage appointment with Marianne and realizes that Albert is Marianne's ex-husband after she tells her a story about how he eats guacamole - the same story Albert told her. Tess then arrives at the house and Eva's suspicions are confirmed. Marianne tries to introduce Eva to Tess, but she hides behind a tree to avoid the meeting. Eva continues seeing Albert, keeping her friendship with Marianne a secret; likewise, she does not tell Marianne she is seeing him. Eva encourages Marianne to complain about her ex-husband Albert so she can identify potential problems in her relationship with him. To the encouragement of Eva, Sarah and Will invite her and Albert to a dinner party, which goes badly after Eva begins finding fault with Albert, which upsets him. At another appointment with Marianne, Eva is exposed when Albert arrives to drop Tess off at her mother's. He is angry that Eva kept her friendship with Marianne a secret, and breaks up with her. Eva and her ex-husband take Ellen to the airport for her flight to college. A few months later, on Thanksgiving Day, Eva drives by Albert's home and stops in front of the house on her way to pick up Ellen from the airport. He sees her and she awkwardly waves. He eventually comes outside, to Eva's surprise, and sits with her on the porch and they begin to renew their relationship. 
 Coco (I) (2017)651) Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer. Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. Disney/Pixar Young Miguel simply loves music. But his family has a mysterious ban on anyone from their clan performing music. The ban dates back for many generations yet Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician just like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Longing to prove his musical talents, Miguel finds himself in the technicolor Land of the Dead. Along his way, he meets the charming trickster Hector, and together, they set out to find the real story behind his family's mysterious ban on music. DeAlan Wilson - ComedyEcom Rebellious Miguel, a twelve-year-old Mexican boy and hopeful musician, can't understand the family's continuing ban on all music, especially when his icon and the greatest guitar player ever, the deceased Ernesto de la Cruz, is the town's hero. However, when an inadvertent mistake on the sacred Day of the Dead magically transports Miguel to the distant and bustling Land of the Dead, the scoundrel skeleton, Hector, will lead the way through the vibrant underworld to help the young trespasser find a missing ancestor. But can they do it before sunrise? Nick Riganas An aspiring young guitar player, whose family has a classic hate for music, tries to find answers of his great Grandfather, which leads his search to his entrance to Tierra De Muertos, where all dead people get to live if they are remembered well. In there, the boy will not only discover his family's legacy, but his search will lead him to an unexpected truth in this Disney tale about love, hate, death, music, betrayal -- and most of all: Family. Ivo Byrt Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Santa Cecilia, Mexico, Imelda Rivera was the wife of a musician who left her and their 3-year-old daughter Coco, to pursue a career in music. She banned music in the family and opened a shoe-making family business. Ninety-six years later, her great-great-grandson, 12-year-old Miguel, now lives with Coco and their family. He secretly dreams of becoming a musician like Ernesto de la Cruz, a popular actor and singer of Coco's generation. One day, Miguel inadvertently damages the photo of Coco with her parents at the center of the family ofrenda and removes it, discovering that her father (whose face is torn out) was holding Ernesto's famous guitar. Concluding that Ernesto is his great-great-grandfather, Miguel ignores his grandmother Elena's objections and leaves to enter a talent show for the Day of the Dead. He enters Ernesto's mausoleum and steals his guitar to use in the show, but becomes invisible to everyone in the village plaza. However, he can see and be seen by his Xoloitzcuintli dog Dante and his skeletal dead relatives who are visiting from the Land of the Dead for the holiday. Taking him there, they realize that Imelda cannot visit as Miguel removed her photo from the ofrenda. Discovering that he is cursed for stealing from the dead, Miguel must return to the Land of the Living before sunrise or he will become one of the dead: to do so, he must receive a blessing from a member of his family using an Aztec marigold petal that can undo the curse placed upon him by stealing Ernesto's guitar. Imelda offers Miguel a blessing but on the condition that he abandon his musical pursuits when he returns to the Land of the Living; Miguel refuses and attempts to seek Ernesto's blessing. Miguel encounters Hctor, a down-on-his-luck skeleton who once played with Ernesto and offers to help Miguel reach him. In return, Hctor asks Miguel to take his photo back to the Land of the Living so he can visit his daughter before she forgets him and he disappears completely. Hctor attempts to return Miguel to his relatives, but Miguel escapes and infiltrates Ernesto's mansion, learning along the way that an old friendship between the two deteriorated before Hctor's death. Ernesto welcomes Miguel as his descendant, but Hctor confronts them, imploring Miguel to take his photo. Miguel soon realizes that Ernesto murdered Hctor using a poisoned drink and stole the songs he had written, passing them off as his own to become famous. To maintain his legacy, Ernesto steals the photo and has Miguel and Hctor thrown into a cenote pit. Miguel realizes that Hctor is his actual great-great-grandfather and that Coco is Hctor's daughter, the only living person who still remembers him. With the help of Dante - who turns into an alebrije - the dead Riveras find and rescue them. Miguel reveals that Hctor's decision to return home to her and Coco resulted in his death, and Imelda and Hctor reconcile. They infiltrate Ernesto's sunrise concert to retrieve Hctor's photo from Ernesto and expose his crimes. Ernesto is crushed by a falling church bell as in his previous life, but the photo falls into the water and disappears. As the sun rises, Hctor is in danger of being forgotten by Coco and disappearing. Imelda blesses Miguel with no conditions attached so he can return to the Land of the Living, where he plays a song for Coco that Hctor wrote for her during her childhood. The song sparks her memory of Hctor and revitalizes her, and she gives Miguel the torn-out piece of the photo from the ofrenda, which shows Hctor's face. Elena reconciles with Miguel, accepting both him and music back into the family. One year later, Miguel proudly presents the family ofrenda - featuring a photo of the now deceased Coco and the restored photo of Hctor and Imelda - to his new baby sister. Letters kept by Coco contain evidence that Ernesto stole Hctor's songs. As a result, Ernesto's legacy is destroyed and the community honors Hctor instead. In the Land of the Dead, Hctor and Imelda join Coco for a visit to the living Riveras as Miguel sings and plays for his dead and living relatives. 
 Nash Bridges (19962001)Summaries A smart alecky San Francisco, California cop and his get rich quick scheme of a partner keep tabs on crime and take down the bad guys in the Bay Area. Nash (Don Johnson) is a smart-alecky police inspector, who's seen fighting crime on the streets of San Francisco, California, while driving around in his screaming yellow 1970ish Plymouth Hemi Barracuda. He's the typical super-cop on the beat, who always wins in the end. Unfortunately, his personal relationships leave much to be desired. He has two ex-wives, a sixteen-year-old daughter needing a lot of supervision, and a father with Alzheimer's disease who keeps getting kicked out of retirement homes and dropping by to visit. NASH-B Discussion List Moderators <nash-b-request@bayne.com> Nash Bridges (Don Johnson) is a celebrated veteran police officer, and head of the SIU Department of the San Francisco, California Police Department. With his best friend and partner for life Joe Dominguez (Richard Anthony "Cheech" Marin), and his loyal crew of law enforcement, they're the best of the best in taking down the crime that plagues the city. From powerful people of immense wealth right on down to scum at the bottom of the ladder, Bridges will take them down in his lifelong devotion to the law. But aside from his professional exploits, he's a divorced single father with a young teenage daughter ahead of her time, a father whose attitude refuses to confine himself to a nursing home, and relationships that never quite solidify because of his career. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Finding Dory (2016)761) Friendly but forgetful blue tang Dory begins a search for her long-lost parents, and everyone learns a few things about the real meaning of family along the way. Dory is a wide-eyed, blue tang fish who suffers from memory loss every 10 seconds or so. The one thing she can remember is that she somehow became separated from her parents as a child. With help from her friends Nemo and Marlin, Dory embarks on an epic adventure to find them. Her journey brings her to the Marine Life Institute, a conservatory that houses diverse ocean species. Jwelch5742 The blue tang fish we have all grown to love returns along with her new "family": Nemo and Marlin. However, when a field trip brings back some old memories of Dory's real family, she sets off on a journey across the ocean to California waters. With new friends like Hank the septopus and Destiny the whale shark, Dory learns that her parents might be closer than she believes. Eric Not long after Nemo is found and returned home safely from his adventure, his friendly but forgetful blue tang fish pal, Dory, begins to remember bits and pieces of her past, as she ventures out on her own to begin searching for her long-lost parents. Corvid76 Dory wants to go to the open ocean a Place that She was born in. The septopus help her to go in to the ocean and find her parents. By the time She was searching She found a hole. A hole that She was thrown of IT. She begins another venture to find her parents in the hole.when She was moving in the hole, suddenly She hear a voice and She listened to IT, that was the whale. And they helped Dory to get out of that hole. While She was in the hole She saw nemo and her father. And they helped each other to get outta that Place. sorenaabtahian-38757 Dory, a regal blue tang, gets separated from her parents as a child. As she grows up, Dory attempts to search for them, but gradually forgets them due to her short-term memory loss. In the flashback of the previous film, Finding Nemo, she joins Marlin - a clown-fish looking for his missing son Nemo - after accidentally swimming into him. One year later, Dory is living with Marlin and Nemo on their reef. One day, Dory has a flashback and remembers that she has parents. She decides to look for them, but her memory problem is an obstacle. She eventually remembers that they lived at the Jewel of Morro Bay across the ocean in California, thanks to Nemo mentioning its name. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A five-year-old blue tang is practicing introducing herself with her parents, Charlie (voice of Eugene Levy ) and Jenny (voice of Diane Keaton ). "Hi, I'm Dory, and I have short-term remembory loss." They start a game of hide-and-seek with her, but as soon as she starts counting, she forgets about the game. Seeing the look on her parents' faces, she says "Did I forget again?" Jenny tells her not to worry, and she asks what will happen if she forgets her parents. "Would you ever forget me?" Jenny says, "We will never forget you, Dory. And we know you'll never forget us." Weeks later, Dory was swimming in the ocean alone, asking other fish for help, but since she couldn't remember anything, nobody could help her. "Just keep swimming, just keep swimming," she sang to herself, and then fell asleep. Years later, Dory (voice of Ellen DeGeneres ) is still lost and unable to remember her family. She sees a boat cruise by over her head, and a clownfish named Marlin (voice of Albert Brooks ) smacks into her. After Dory and Marlin rescued his son, Nemo (voice of Hayden Rolence ), she stays with them at the Great Barrier Reef. They all swim up to Mr. Ray (voice of Bob Peterson ), who is leading the class on a field trip. Dory volunteers to go along as an assistant and Mr. Ray reluctantly agrees. He talks to the class about migration and tells them that it's about going home. One kid asks Dory where her home is. The word "home" triggers a flash of a memory in her mind but she quickly loses it. Mr. Ray takes the class to the edge of the reef and reminds them to be careful of the undertow. Again, the word makes Dory remember something but she soon gets lost in thought. A school of rays swims by causing the grass to sway in their wake. The swaying grass entrances Dory who remembers two fish saying "Watch out, kelpcake," and "You have to stay away from the undertow." She swims near the rays and gets sucked into the undertow. Dory remembers being pulled away from her parents and then everything going black. Mr. Ray finds her lying in the sand and she murmurs "Jewel of Morro Bay, California." When she wakes up, she realizes that she had a memory, something that never happened before. When Marlin arrives, Dory is still excited about the memory although she can't remember what it was. Nemo repeats what she had said and she has a flood of memories. She remembers her family and realizes that they're still out in the ocean, somewhere, with no idea where she is. She sets out for the Jewel of Morro Bay with Marlin and Nemo following to keep her out of trouble. Marlin has an idea for how to get where they're going quickly. Marlin's friend, a turtle named Crush (voice of Andrew Stanton ), has the three of them on his shell, taking them through the California current. They jump off and see a sunken container ship, and a group of hermit crabs taking cover. The crabs shush Dory when she tries to ask for help, triggering another memory. As a young fish, she swam past a sunken ship and asked a group of crabs for help finding her parents, Jenny and Charlie, and they quickly shushed her. Back in the present, she tells Marlin that she remembers her parents' names. She swims around shouting their names with the crabs still trying to shush her. She swims up to a container and a squid pops out and chases her. The three of them swim as fast as they can with the squid in pursuit. Dory gets caught in a plastic six-pack ring. They swim through a small hole into a container and the squid shakes it, causing other containers to fall. In the scuffle, the squid grabs Nemo and pulls him toward its mouth. Marlin grabs Nemo and a container hits the floor causing the trio to be launched to safety, landing in a kelp bed. Marlin rushes over to console his trembling son and Dory asks if she can do anything to help. Marlin responds, "You know what you can do, Dory? You can wait over there. Go wait over there and forget. It's what you do best." Hurt, Dory decides to go get help and she swims off, unseen. She hears a voice ( Sigourney Weaver ) say "Won't you please join us as we explore the wonders of the Pacific Ocean and the amazing life it holds within. Witness the majesty of the beluga whale..." Confused, she follows the mysterious voice. When Marlin realizes that she swam off, he goes out to find her and sees a pair of hands scoop her out of the water. The humans pull her into their boat and remove the plastic ring around her. Then they put her in a cooler and shut the lid. The ship heads toward the shore with Marlin and Nemo frantically swimming after it. They hear a voice say, " Welcome to the Marine Life Institute, where we believe in rescue, rehabilitation and release." And then, the boat goes out of sight. The cooler lid opens and two staff workers dump Dory into a large tank and clip an orange tag to her fin and then leave the room. A seven-legged octopus named Hank (voice of Ed O'Neill ) had been disguising himself against a wall by changing color to match it. He slips over to Dory's tank asking her why she's in Quarantine. Spotting her tag, he tells her that she's going to be transported to an aquarium in Cleveland. She says that she has to find her family in the Jewel of Morro Bay and he responds that she's already there. "You mean, I'm from here? I'm from here!" Hank tells her that if she gives him her tag, she'll be able to stay and find her parents, while he goes to the aquarium. She asks why he wants to go there and he says he doesn't want to be released back into the ocean since he has bad memories from there. He just wants to go to Cleveland and live the rest of his life alone. Dory agrees to give him her tag, after he helps her find her parents. He grabs an empty coffee pot and uses it to scoop her out of the tank. Outside, Marlin and Nemo swim up to the building, finding a pair of sea lions, Fluke (voice of Idris Elba ) and Rudder (voice of Dominic West ), who explain that in the Institute, fish are rehabilitated and released, as they themselves were recently. Marlin tells them that he needs to get in the building and they say they know a way and then make strange "Oo-roo" noises. Hank is taking Dory down the hallway and she sees a map on a wall. He brings her closer and she sees a purple shell. That triggers another memory of her parents laying purple shells all around their coral home. Just then, a staffer walks in. Hank camouflages himself and Dory sees the staffer holding a bucket that has the word Destiny printed on it. Dory gets an idea and jumps in the bucket, which is full of dead fish. The staffer grabs her and a bunch of the other fish, and tosses them into a huge tank. There are a group of children outside the tank and a tour guide tells them that there is a whale shark named Destiny (voice of Kaitlin Olson ) in the tank. Destiny is near-sighted and has trouble swimming around the tank, but Dory stops her before she smacks the glass. She recognizes Dory's voice and tells her that they were childhood friends. Destiny tells Dory that she's from the Open Ocean exhibit and Dory asks her to take her there. Destiny tells her that she doesn't have any way to travel around. A beluga whale named Bailey (voice of Ty Burrell ) is in the next tank and Destiny tells Dory that he was brought in with a head injury. She says he thinks he can't use echolocation anymore even though the staff have examined him and found nothing wrong. Camouflaging himself as a toy, Hank gets tossed into the tank. He demands her tag in return for showing her the map. Destiny tells Dory that she can get to the Open Ocean exhibit by going through the pipes, taking two lefts and swimming straight. Dory worries that she won't remember the directions and Hank tells her there's no other way. His words trigger another memory, of young Dory trying to pry a shell loose from the sand. She thinks there's no other way to get the shell and is about to give up when her dad tells her that there's always another way and uses his tail to wiggle the shell loose. "There's always another way." She swims to the surface and sees the Open Ocean building over the hill. She also spots a rack of baby strollers and she tells Hank she will use one of them to get across the park. Fluke and Rudder are calling a loon named Becky, and they tell Marlin that she can fly them in. They climb into a bucket that Becky picks up and flies into the building. Inside, Dory and Hank are hiding in a stroller. Hank steers the stroller while Dory navigates. He tells her to find a sign that says Open Ocean to get to the exhibit. They bump into a boy who spills his popcorn on the floor. Flying in, Becky sees the popcorn, leaves the bucket hanging on a tree branch and flies down to eat it. Coming to an intersection, Hank asks which way to go and Dory sees a sign that reads "The World's Most Powerful Pair of Glasses," and an arrow points to the left. She tells Hank that she remembers that and they need to go left. She doesn't notice that the sign also says "Open Ocean" with an arrow pointing right. Marlin and Nemo are stuck in the bucket with Becky still eating popcorn. Marlin tries to inch the bucket forward to get within Becky's earshot and it tips over, dumping them out and into a tank of toy fish in the gift shop. Becky finishes eating and grabs the bucket again and flies off to the roof of the Quarantine building. She looks in the bucket and finds it empty. Dory and Hank pull up to the sea otter tank and Hank asks why she led them there. She tells him that she remembered something about glasses and followed that. The stroller rolls downhill and they're launched into the kid's touch-pool. Dodging kids' hands, she swims up to the camouflaged Hank and pulls him along. A kid's hand touches Hank and he inks, turning the pool black, and scaring off all the kids. Hank can't believe that her idea had saved them. Dory sees a sign that reads "Echolocation...The World's Most Powerful Pair of Glasses" and Hank shows her that the wall opened to reveal the Open Ocean exhibit. Inside the toy tank, Marlin and Nemo see a group of fountains with streams of water shooting between them. They jump out of the tank and catch a water stream, jumping from one to the next. Hank holds Dory in a plastic cup and sneaks across the room to the Open Ocean exhibit. She hands him her tag and he drops her into the tank. On the floor, she sees a trail of shells. Another memory pops into her mind and she remembers her parents placing shells in a line. They tell her that if she ever gets lost, she can just follow the shells back home. Dory follows the trail of shells and finds her childhood home but her parents are nowhere to be found. She sees a purple shell which triggers another memory of her parents warning her to stay away from the undertow. She swims to an outflow pipe and another memory pops up of her overhearing a conversation between her parents. They worry that something bad will happen to her one day. Young Dory looked around for something to make her mom happy, finding a purple shell in the distance. "Mommy loves purple shells." Dory swam out to the shell and got sucked away by the undertow. Dory realizes that it's her fault her parents aren't there. A crab named Carol tells her that all of the blue tangs who were there got taken into Quarantine and are being put on a truck bound for Cleveland. Carol says that Dory can get to Quarantine by swimming through the pipes. Nervously, Dory swims into the pipes, quickly forgetting which way she's going. She calls out to Destiny and asks for help. Destiny tells Bailey to use echolocation to help Dory. Bailey is convinced that it won't work but gives it a try anyway and is surprised that he can visualize a map of the pipes. He guides her toward Quarantine but then he senses something else in the pipes. He tries to have Dory swim away but she keeps swimming closer. Dory is surprised to see Marlin and Nemo in the pipes and they all hug. She tells them that her parents are going to be shipped away and they head to Quarantine. They see a tank of blue tangs across the room and swim up to the surface and jump from tank to tank. Just when they get to the last tank, it gets lifted up and they hit the side and fall into a mop bucket. Camouflaged, Hank reaches in and pulls them out, putting them in a beaker. Dory introduces Hank to Marlin and Nemo and Hank drops them into the tank of tangs. Dory looks around but can't find her parents anywhere. The other tangs tell her that they knew her parents. After she got lost as a child, her parents thought she must have ended up in Quarantine. They came to look for her but that was years ago. The tangs tell Dory that when a fish doesn't make it back from Quarantine, it means they're gone. Sadly, Dory backs into the beaker and Hank pulls her out. He asks where Marlin and Nemo are and sees them get loaded onto the truck. A staffer grabs Hank and he drops the beaker. He slaps at the staffer, who lets him go, and he quickly camouflages himself and looks at the spot where the beaker fell. He sees Dory get sucked into a drain that goes to the ocean. In the ocean, Dory finds a trail of shells and follows them to a home made from a tire. Seeing two fish off in the distance, she swims toward them and realizes that they're her parents. They swim up to her and hug her. They tell her that after they didn't find her in Quarantine, they figured she must have gone out the pipes. They laid out shells every day, hoping she'd see them and come back home. They ask her if she's been alone all these years. Suddenly, she remembers Marlin and Nemo. Inside the truck, Hank reveals himself to Marlin and Nemo and tells them that he lost Dory. Dory is swimming through the water, catching her parents up on everything that's happened to her. Suddenly, she hears the announcer voice from the Marine Life Institute. The next thing she hears is a truck starting up and she remembers that Marlin and Nemo are on it. She calls out to Destiny and she and Bailey jump over the walls of the tank, landing in the ocean next to Dory. They all swim after the truck, using a group of otters to stop traffic. One of the otters carries Dory into the back of the truck and Hank puts her in the tank with Marlin and Nemo. Marlin calls out to Becky, who flies in with her bucket. Marlin and Nemo jump in but Becky flies off before Dory can join them. Becky dumps them into the ocean, right next to Destiny. She asks where Dory is and Marlin tells them she's still in the truck. Marlin calls to Becky and tells her to fly back to the truck and get Dory. Hank reaches into the tank for Dory, but she doesn't want him to leave her and she gets him to agree to join her in the ocean. Just then, a staffer slams the back door and drives the truck away. Destiny swims after them but can't keep up. Dory sees a vent in the roof and Hank grabs her and moves toward it. Hank and Dory squeeze through the vent, and Hank plasters himself across the windshield, forcing the driver to stop. When the driver walks out, Hank shuts the door and locks it, taking control of the truck. He drives off with Dory navigating. She sees a car pulling a boat and follows it. Dory sees a splat on the windshield, and sees that it came from a flock of seagulls heading left. She has Hank follow them and they drive up a hill. Dory sees the ocean at the bottom and she tells Hank to floor it. The truck falls off the edge of a cliff and tumbles toward the ocean, sending all the fish inside flying. Dory and Hank happily plunge into the ocean below. Back at the Great Barrier Reef, Dory is playing hide-and-seek with the students. Hank tells them that Mr. Ray is away on migration and until he gets back, Hank will be their substitute teacher. Bailey and Destiny tell the kids about echolocation. Dory tells her parents that she'll see them in a while but she wants to do something first. She swims off, with Marlin following after her, trying to keep himself hidden. She swims up to the edge of the drop-off, then calls out to Marlin, who sheepishly swims up to her. She tells him that she enjoys the view, and they both look out into the ocean. "Unforgettable," she says. 