nm0004201:

 Beavis and Butt-Head Do America (1996)Summaries Our intrepid adolescent heroes wake up to find their beloved television stolen, and embark on an epic journey across America to recover it, and, who knows, maybe even score. Our intrepid adolescent heroes wake up to find their beloved television stolen, and embark on an epic journey across America to recover it, and, who knows, maybe even score. On the way they encounter a murderous smuggler of a deadly virus and his treacherous wife, an FBI agent with a predilection for cavity searches, a couple of rather familiar looking ex-Motley Crue roadies, Mr. Van Dreesen singing "Lesbian Seagull", a little old lady and of course Mr. Anderson and his trailer. Can the Great Cornholio save the day? Uh-huh. Huh-huh. Martin H. Booda <booda@datasync.com> MTV junkies Beavis and Butt-head awaken one day to find their beloved TV stolen. On their adventure to do a murderous smuggler's wife, they encounter an FBI agent with a predilection for cavity searches, two rather familiar looking ex-Motley Crue roadies, Mr. Van Driessen singing "Lesbian Seagull", a little old lady, and, of course, Mr. Anderson and his trailer. Can the Great Cornholio save the day? Let's hope so! Chris Hunter <DrEvilGuy200> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Freddy Got Fingered (2001)431) An unemployed cartoonist moves back in with his parents and younger brother Freddy. When his parents demand he leave, he begins to spread rumors that his father is sexually abusing Freddy. Aspiring animator Gord, 28, leaves his Oregon home to sell his ideas to Hollywood. After being told, correctly, that they're possibly the stupidest ideas ever and he needs to rethink them, he moves back home. But his unpleasant father escalates his mean treatment of his unconventional son. Meanwhile, Gord falls for Betty, an attractive doctor at the hospital where a friend is staying. She's in a wheelchair and happens to delight in having her paralyzed legs beaten with a bamboo cane; her sexual aggression intimidates him. Gord's family goes to a psychiatrist, and he lies to her that his father molests Gord's brother Freddy; Gord neglects to mention that Freddy is 25. Soon Gordon has the house to himself and comes up with a winning animated series, "Zebras in America," based on his own family. All this is really a framework on which Tom Green hangs his usual crazy stunts. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Tom Green plays Gord Brody, a slacker who dreams of becoming an animator for cartoon shows. He is forced to move back in with his parents, but then refuses to leave. Along the way, he sexually pleasures various farm animals, licks open flesh wounds, accuses his father of molesting his brother, goes scuba-diving in a toilet, plays an organ with several sausages attached to it which are suspended in midair, and does a bunch of other stuff that is too insane, offensive, disgusting, or weird to be mentioned here. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Unemployed 28-year-old cartoonist Gordon "Gord" Brody leaves his parents' home in Portland, Oregon, to pursue his lifelong ambition of obtaining a contract for an animated television series. His parents give him a car in which he drives to Los Angeles and starts work at a cheese sandwich factory. Gord shows his drawings to Dave Davidson, the CEO of a major animation studio; Davidson tells him that the artwork is really good, but that the concepts depicted, including a vigilante "X-Ray Cat", are nonsensical. Disheartened, Gord quits his job and returns to his parents. Gord's father Jim constantly insults and belittles him following his return, telling him to forget about being an animator and "get a job". When Gord pressures his friend Darren into skating on a wooden half-pipe he has built outside the Brody home, Darren falls and breaks his leg. At the hospital, Gord impersonates a doctor, delivers a baby, and meets an attractive nurse named Betty, who uses a wheelchair, has an obsessive penchant for fellatio, and wants to create a rocket-powered wheelchair. Gord lies to Jim that he has got a job and goes out to a restaurant with Betty, pretending he is at work. However, Jim sees him there, and also disparages Betty due to her disabilities. After a fight in the restaurant, Gord is arrested and bailed out by Betty. Following her advice, Gord attempts to continue drawing, however he gets into an argument with Jim, who then smashes Gord's half-pipe. Gord and his parents then go to a family therapy session, where Gord falsely accuses Jim of "fingering" Gord's younger brother, Freddy. The 25-year-old Freddy is sent to a home for sexually molested children while Gord's mother Julie leaves Jim, and ends up dating the basketball player Shaquille O'Neal. While in a drunken stupor, Jim tells Gord how much of a disappointment he is to him. Affected by Jim's words, Gord decides to abandon his aspirations to be a cartoonist and gets a job at a local sandwich shop. After seeing a television news report on Betty's successful rocket-powered wheelchair, Gord is inspired to pursue his dreams once again. He returns to Hollywood with a concept based on his relationship with his father: an animated series called Zebras in America. Jim follows him there after threatening Darren into revealing where he had gone. While Gord is pitching the show to Davidson, Jim bursts in and trashes Davidson's office. Thinking Jim's actions are part of Gord's pitch, Davidson greenlights Zebras in America and gives Gord a million-dollar check. Gord spends a quarter of that money on an elaborate thank you to Betty for inspiring him, and the remainder to relocate the Brody house to Pakistan with his father inside, unconscious - a response to Jim's earlier put-down that "If this were Pakistan, you would have been sewing soccer balls when you were four years old!" Gord and Jim soon come to terms, but are then abducted and held hostage. The kidnapping becomes a news item, as Gord's series has already become popular. After 18 months in captivity, Gord and Jim return to America, where a huge crowd, including Betty, welcomes them home. 
 The Americans (20132018)44) At the height of the Cold War two Russian agents pose as your average American couple, complete with family. A pair of deep-cover Soviet spies masquerades as a typical DC couple whose children, neighbors, coworkers & friends are completely unaware of their activities. At home, they're the stereotypical parents of stereotypical kids; at work, they pose as travel agents; but at night, they weave a web of confidants, lovers, dupes, and historical figures from the Reagan-era Cold War. The startlingly realistic plot twists force the viewer to consider the real cost of an undeclared war, what it takes to protect one's beliefs, if it's worth it, and if it actually worked for either side. Steve83 Philip and Elizabeth Jennings seem like your average American couple. Married for nearly 20 years they have two children, run a travel agency and live in suburbia. However, they are masking a secret double-life: they are, in fact, Russian spies, planted in the US nearly 20 years previously. It is the early-1980s and the height of the Cold War, with Philip and Elizabeth at the forefront of the USSR's attempts to gain information on US activities and weaponry. Tasked with countering espionage and tracking down Soviet spies is a special division of the FBI. Stan Beeman is one of their brightest agents. He also happens to be the Jennings's neighbour. grantss Philip and Elizabeth Jennings are two KGB spies in an arranged marriage who are posing as Americans in suburban Washington, D.C., shortly after Ronald Reagan is elected president. The couple have two children, teenager Paige and preteen Henry, who are unaware of their parents' true identities. The complex marriage becomes more passionate and genuine each day but is continually tested as the Cold War escalates. As Philip begins to warm up to America's values and way of life, his relationship with Elizabeth becomes more complicated. Further complicating things is the arrival of the Jennings' new neighbour, FBI agent Stan Beeman, who is part of a new division of the agency tasked with fighting foreign agents on U.S. soil. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Waitress (2007)541) Jenna is a pregnant, unhappily married waitress in the deep south. She meets a newcomer to her town and falls into an unlikely relationship as a last attempt at happiness. Jenna is unhappily married, squirreling away money, and hoping to win a pie-baking contest so, with the prize money, she'll have enough cash to leave her husband Earl. She finds herself pregnant, which throws her plans awry. She bakes phenomenal pies at Joe's diner, listens to old Joe's wisdom, tolerates her sour boss Cal, is friends with Dawn and Becky (her fellow waitresses), and finds a mutual attraction with the new doctor in town. As the pregnancy advances, life with Earl seems less tolerable, a way out less clear, and the affair with the doctor complicated by his marriage. What options does a waitress have? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Jenna is a small-town waitress at Joe's Diner, who has a great knack at making delicious pies there. However, Jenna is in an unhappy marriage to her controlling and immature husband, Earl, who always takes the money she works hard for, but Jenna keeps some of it hidden from him. Jenna suddenly finds her life has taken an unexpected turn when she discovers she's pregnant with Earl's baby. But the unhappy pregnancy changes Jenna's life as she becomes determined to win the $25,000 pie contest prize money and begins an affair with her handsome, married gynecologist that gives her confidence and an attempt at happiness. r2k443 In the American south, Jenna Hunterson is a waitress at Joe's Pie Diner in Redhook. Along with Becky and Dawn, the other waitresses, Jenna makes the pies for the diner, she who is known in her circles as the best. She funnels her energies into her creative pie making, this love and skill which was passed down to her by her now deceased mother. Her newer pie creations are always a reflection of what is happening in her life at the time. Otherwise, her life is a fairly unhappy one because of the people in her life. Cal, the diner's manager, is always barking orders, never providing compliments. Jenna more often than not is tasked with waiting on Joe, the elderly owner of the diner, she who has to cater to his different but constantly demanding order peccadilloes or else. Even though Becky and Dawn are her close friends and confidantes, their lives are as screwed up as Jenna's and thus they can't provide her much constructive guidance. However, even Becky and Dawn would rather be themselves than Jenna, largely because of Jenna's husband, Earl, who she fears and hates because of his controlling behavior. That control includes keeping all the household money, even her diner wages and tips, and treating her like his sole property. She doesn't have the means to leave him, she secretly hiding money from him to enter the United States of Pie bake off with a $25,000 first prize, the contest which he would not allow her to enter if he knew what she was doing. That control is why she is dismayed to learn that she is pregnant with his baby, from one of their infrequent sexual encounters when he got her drunk. Although she plans to keep the baby, she plans not to tell him until absolutely necessary, and treat the pregnancy as a cold-hearted fact with respect but not love, as she realizes this baby will tie her more to him. As Jenna goes through her pregnancy, she has to deal with a new physician, Dr. Jim Pomatter, a nervous but otherwise sweet man. Although Dr. Pomatter is also married, he and Jenna embark on an affair, and although they seem to be falling in love, she doesn't want him to save her. If Jenna can delve under the surface of these relationships, she may get a clearer picture of what her post-delivery life as a mother may be like. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jenna (Keri Russell), a waitress living in the American South (though the movie was actually shot in and around Canyon Country, California), is trapped in an unhappy marriage to a jealous, controlling, and abusive man named Earl (Jeremy Sisto). She works in Joe's Pie Diner, where her job includes creating the unique pies of her life, such as the "I Don't Want Earl's Baby" pie (aka Bad Baby pie) she invents after her unwanted pregnancy is confirmed. Jenna longs to run away from her dismal situation, and is hiding money to do so. Her only friends are Becky (Cheryl Hines) and Dawn (Adrienne Shelly), her fellow waitresses, and Joe (Andy Griffith), the curmudgeonly diner owner who encourages her to escape from her bad marriage and begin a new life elsewhere. Jenna's life changes dramatically after she meets her OB/GYN, Jim Pomatter (Nathan Fillion), a Connecticut transplant who has moved to the small town to accommodate his wife, who is completing her residency at the local hospital. Jenna and Jim embark on a passionate affair, and eventually Jenna thinks of him as not only her lover, but best friend as well. Jenna begins to keep a journal, addressing her thoughts to her unborn child. Between these entries and the various pies she creates, the audience witnesses her innermost hopes and dreams, concerns and fears, and slowly growing feelings for the baby she insisted she didn't want. Reluctant mother Jenna instantly falls in love with the baby girl she names Lulu. When Earl reminds Jenna of her promise earlier not to love the baby more than she does him, she gains the strength to tell him she hasn't loved him in years and will no longer put up with his possessive and abusive ways and wants a divorce. In retaliation he refuses to pay the hospital bills, and she is abruptly discharged. As Becky and Dawn are helping her prepare to leave the hospital to live with Dawn and her husband until she can formulate a plan for her future, Jenna remembers an envelope Joe had delivered to her when he too was admitted as a patient. In it she finds a handmade card with a sketch of her, a check for $270,450, and a message urging her to start fresh. As she departs from the hospital, Jenna ends her relationship with Jim and begins her life anew. An epilogue shows Jenna winning a pie contest and as the new owner of the diner where she worked, now called Lulu's Pies, serving brightly colored pies to her customers and friends. The final shot shows her walking home with toddler Lulu (played by Shelly's actual daughter, Sophie). 