nm0005021:

 As Good as It Gets (1997)541) A single mother and waitress, a misanthropic author, and a gay artist form an unlikely friendship after the artist is assaulted in a robbery. New York City. Melvin Udall, a cranky, bigoted, obsessive-compulsive writer, finds his life turned upside down when neighboring gay artist Simon is hospitalized and his dog is entrusted to Melvin. In addition, Carol, the only waitress who will tolerate him, must leave work to care for her sick son, making it impossible for Melvin to eat breakfast. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Melvin Udall is an obsessive-compulsive writer of romantic fiction who's rude to everyone he meets, including his gay neighbor Simon, but when he has to look after Simon's dog, he begins to soften and, if still not completely over his problems, finds he can conduct a relationship with the only waitress at the local diner who'll serve him. Jwelch5742 The trials and tribulations of a compulsive writer, Melvin Udall. After his homosexual neighbor is brutally beaten, he is entrusted to the care of the neighbor's dog, with a difficult relationship with a waitress to add on top of that. What develops is a weekend trip/triangle between these three individuals, and together they learn the true meaning of "the sunny side of life". hiphats <hiphats@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The entire movie takes place in New York City, except for a brief trip near the end to near Baltimore, Maryland. The protagonist, Melvin Udall ( Jack Nicholson ) is a cranky, bigoted, intelligent, wealthy writer suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). He is happy with his life, and spends most of his time inside his apartment, writing books. Fortunately for Melvin, his books are popular, for a reason that later becomes clear. He is working on his sixty-sixth book. Melvin finds himself bothered by Verdell ( Jill the Dog ), a small terrier owned by neighbor Simon Bishop ( Greg Kinnear ). Simon is an artistic painter living on the same floor. Simon is homosexual and somewhat passive. Simon has a good friend, Frank Sachs ( Cuba Gooding Jr. ), who is black and rather aggressive. Verdell escapes Simon's apartment, and runs around the hallway, annoying Melvin. Melvin comes out and tries to calm Verdell down. But Verdell stays out of reach, and further annoys Melvin by trying to pee by the wall. Finally, Melvin grabs Verdell and stuffs him down the laundry chute. Just as Melvin is about to open the door to his apartment, Simon comes out and asks about Verdell. Naturally, Melvin's highest priority is to get back to his comfortable routine, so he lies and says he knows nothing about Verdell. Simon is suspicious, but has to leave to answer an urgent phone call. He is having an exhibition of his paintings that evening, and has to see to final arrangements. Melvin naturally disappears into his apartment. At Simon's exhibition that evening, a friend walks up carrying Verdell. Simon is overjoyed to see Verdell. Their reunion is joyful and happy, with Verdell excited and licking Simon's face. Simon is so happy to see Verdell he lets Verdell continue to lick his face. Simon asks his friend where he found Verdell. His friend says, "In the dumpster, licking poop from baby diapers." Frank realizes what happened, and confronts Melvin about Verdell, verbally abusing him, but saying he won't tell Simon and that Melvin "owes him one". In the morning, Melvin goes out for his daily breakfast ritual. He walks to a particular nearby cafe. He sits at a particular table (and if other people are sitting there, he insults them until they leave). He insists on being served by a particular waitress, Carol Connelly ( Helen Hunt ). Since Melvin is OCD, Carol is simply part of the ritual, along with that particular table and that particular cafe. Also part of the morning ritual is bringing his own plastic utensils. Melvin happily continues his daily rituals. Then one morning, Carol does not show up to serve him his breakfast. Melvin is naturally very upset, so he proceeds in a very OCD-logical manner, by insulting the substitute waitress and telling the manager to get Carol. The manager throws him out. On the way out, Melvin bribes a bus boy to get Carol's last name, which he uses to find out where Carol lives. Melvin tries to restore his daily morning ritual, so he goes to Carol's apartment, who is surprised to see him. Melvin demands that she come back to the cafe and serve him breakfast. Carol says she cannot. Her son, Spencer ( Jesse James ), has congestion in his lungs so severe he can barely breathe. While there, Spencer's condition gets worse, and Carol leaves to take Spencer to the emergency room at the hospital, yet again. Carol and Spencer get in the cab that brought Melvin, and Melvin hops in the front seat. Melvin takes steps to bring back his normal daily routine. It happens that Melvin's editor has a husband, Martin Bettes ( Harold Ramis ), who is a medical doctor. Melvin convinces his editor that her husband should see Spencer. As Melvin leaves her office, the secretary (who was thrilled to see her favorite author) insists on knowing Melvin's secret of connecting so well with women. He turns, says, "I think of a man and then I take away reason and accountability." Then he leaves. The secretary is stunned. Carol comes home to see a car with 'MD' license plates parked in front of her apartment. Fearing something terrible has happened to Spencer, she rushes in, only to find Spencer and Carol's mother, Beverly Connelly ( Shirley Knight ) pleasantly visiting with Dr. Bettes. Dr. Bettes asks Carol which tests have been performed on Spencer, finding out that minimal emergency room tests have been done---no allergy tests, for example. Dr. Bettes orders some tests for Spencer, and tells the lab he wants the results later that day. One of the adults asks incredulously, "Do you really expect the results today???" Dr. Bettes replies, "Yes." He says he does not know now exactly what is wrong with Spencer, but he guarantees that Spencer will be feeling a lot better from now on. He gives Carol his business card, tells her it has his home phone number, and tells her to phone him if she has any concerns. Carol is overwhelmed. She assures Dr. Bettes that she is extremely grateful, and will do everything she can do to pay for his services. Dr. Bettes tells her that Melvin will be paying all the bills. Carol is shocked. That night, Carol cannot get to sleep, so she goes out clad only in a T-shirt, pants, and shoes. She grabs a bus and heads to Melvin's apartment. She bangs on the door, and waits. On the way to the apartment, it begins to rain heavily. At the last moment, Carol realizes her white T-shirt is see-thru as Melvin opens the door. She grabs the front of her T-shirt, striving for some degree of modesty. She blurts out that she knows why Melvin was spending all that money on her son, but that it is not going to work---she will never have sex with him. Melvin is flabbergasted. Carol leaves. Meanwhile, Frank has recruited a young man from a small ne'er-do-well gang as a model for Simon. The young man thinks he is going to pose nude, and starts shedding his clothes. Simon stops him. After modeling some natural poses, Simon finds one he likes, and proceeds to sketch him. They fall into a daily routine. The young man comes over, poses, and Simon sketches or paints him (always fully clothed). After a few weeks, while Simon is painting a portrait of the young man, the young man's gang sneaks into the apartment and starts stealing things. Verdell alerts to them and Simon confronts the intruders. The gang brutally beat Simon with things such as a table lamp. Simon winds up in the hospital. He is severely injured. Frank has to find a dog-sitter for Verdell, so he tries the neighbors. Finally, Frank remembers that Melvin "owes him one", and persuades Melvin to take Verdell. Surprisingly, Verdell takes a liking to Melvin, and Melvin responds by feeding Verdell bacon and other treats. When Melvin goes out walking, he is very careful to never step on a crack. Eventually Verdell follows suit, deliberately hopping over cracks. Melvin is thrilled. They settle into a routine where Melvin works on his computer while Verdell keeps him company on a cushion next to him, as well as walking the dog to breakfast. This is such a comfortable routine for Melvin that he quickly finishes his sixty-sixth book. After a few weeks, Simon comes home from the hospital and insists on taking Verdell back. Melvin is heartbroken, but is cheered up when Simon asks Melvin to take Verdell for a daily walk. It turns out Simon has no medical insurance. He has to spend all his money on hospital bills. His exhibition was a flop. He has no income. He cannot bring himself to resume working. He is very depressed. He has a list of friends he calls on for a loan, but they all turn him down. His last resort is to ask his estranged parents for money, but they never answer the phone, and live near Baltimore. Frank approaches Melvin, asking Melvin to drive Simon to Baltimore. Melvin resists, but eventually succumbs. Frank offers his convertible for the drive. Melvin is too uncomfortable to go on that trip by himself, so he convinces Carol to go with them (staying in separate rooms), using the leverage that since he helped Spencer, Carol should help him. Carol reluctantly gives in. The three of them leave on the road trip. They finally arrive near Baltimore late in the evening, and check into their hotel, into a three-bedroom suite. Carol phones home. She finds out that Spencer had played in his first soccer game, and had scored his first goal. Carol is thrilled! and wants to celebrate with someone. She tries to get Simon to go out with her, but he firmly refuses, so Carol informs Melvin that he is her date. While Melvin takes a shower, Carol quickly gets dressed in a red dress with small white polka dots. Carol waits for Melvin to get out of the shower. After a long time, Melvin finishes. They end up at a nice restaurant. Unfortunately, the maitre d insists that Melvin wear a coat and tie, but reassures him that he has some he is willing to lend to Melvin. He brings one out, but Melvin is skeptical. Carol says, "You dry clean those each time, right?" The maitre d says, "No." After seating Carol he runs to a nearby tailor, buys a suitcoat and tie, and comes running back. As they are being seated, Melvin complains that he has to wear a suitcoat and tie, while they let Carol in with an ordinary housedress. Carol is very offended. She insists that Melvin pay her a compliment or she'll leave. Eventually he says that when he is with her, she makes him want to be a better man. She is very flattered and replies that it's the best compliment she has ever received. She becomes very attentive, moves over right next to him, within kissing range, and asks him why he really wanted her to come on the trip. He mumbles and fumbles and finally says that one reason was that he hoped she would have sex with Simon. She is furious and immediately leaves him at the restaurant. Carol goes back to the hotel. She walks into Simon's room---the one with a big bathtub---and informs him she is going to take a bath, even though Simon is sitting there in the room. She draws the water, gets undressed (out of sight), wraps herself with a large towel, and comes back in sight, sitting on the bathtub with her back to Simon. As Carol is putting her hair up, she reaches a pose that Simon thinks is amazing. He tells her to hold the pose. At first reticent, she eventually loosens up, starting by dropping her towel a bit so Simon can see most of her bare back. Hours later, Melvin comes back to the suite to find Carol lying naked on the bed with Simon drawing sketch after sketch of her. Jealous, Melvin asks if she had sex with Simon. Carol says, "No. It was better than sex. He held me." With his artistic spirit back, Simon is no longer depressed. He phones his parents and is able to get through. He tells his mother he is doing fine, would like to reconnect with them, but it does not have to be now. He hangs up, happy. He knows he might lose his apartment, but he is sure he will be able to cope. They all go back to New York. While he was gone, he has lost his apartment. It turns out Melvin had told the landlord to move all of Simon's things into Melvin's spare bedroom. Simon comes and looks at the room, and is stupified both by how nice it is and by Melvin's willingness to let Simon live there. Simon talks Melvin into going after Carol. Melvin goes over to her apartment, and approaches her in his usual fumbling way. Carol resists, saying all she wants is a normal boyfriend. Carol's mother, who has been listening, comes out and says, "Everybody wants that, it doesn't exist". Carol reconsiders, and Melvin continues with Carol, even to the point of stepping on cracks. -------------------- Missing above: Where Melvin bursts into the office of his psychiatrist, Dr. Green ( Lawrence Kasdan ), insists on an immediate appointment, but is rebuffed. He also got annoyed when he noticed the doctor's office was changed, but seeing as how he hadn't seen the doctor in years, it's understandable. Where Carol writes a 10-page missive thanking Melvin for the help he has given Spencer, and insists on reading it to Melvin while he is eating is breakfast at the cafe. Of course, Melvin just wants Carol to stop disrupting his breakfast ritual and just go away. -------------------- Here are some of Melvin's obsessive compulsive behaviors not mentioned above. He washes his hands by opening a new bar of soap, washing his hands with it once, and throwing the nearly-new bar away. He puts his shoes on by sitting on the bed, and performing a back-and-forth dance around his shoes first. Coming into a room, he sometimes locks and unlocks of the door several times. (Note: I only saw the movie once, and just enjoyed it, rather than taking notes to write a synopsis. So feel free to make any appropriate changes.) 
 The Nanny Diaries (2007)55) A college graduate goes to work as a nanny for a rich New York family. Ensconced in their home, she has to juggle their dysfunction, a new romance, and the spoiled brat in her charge. After graduating from Montclair State, New Jersey Girl Annie can't make up her mind about what to do with her life. After saving a little boy from being run over in the park, she is quickly employed as a nanny for a rich Upper East Side couple. Mr X is occupied with his business, Mrs X loves shopping, and neither really likes to spend time with their little boy Grayer. Annie quickly learns that she has more than her hands full taking care of him. Her busy schedule doesn't give her much spare time. Mrs X fired her last nanny because she was dating and that gives Annie problems when Harvard Hottie who lives in the same building asks her out on a date. Mattias Thuresson Annie gets a crash course in child care when she is hired as a nanny for Grayer, the son of a Manhattan socialite known by "Mrs. X." She deals with the struggle of Grayer's fighting parents, her loving mother's many questions, and a romance with a neighboring Harvard Hottie. Newly graduated with a degree in Finance with a minor in Anthropology, 21-year-old New Jerseyan Annie Braddock realizes at the most inopportune of times that she has no idea what she wants to do with her life. Literally stumbling onto it, she learns that there is high demand by the wealthy Upper East Side set for nannies, something she figures she can do in the short term until she decides what to do in the long term. In telling her story, she frames it in the realm of an urban anthropology research project in having pseudonyms for some of the key players. In being able to choose her employers despite not having any experience as a nanny or with children, she goes into the employ of the X's as nanny to their preschool-aged son, Grayer, the stumbler. Annie quickly learns that the X's are not as they initially presented themselves. Mrs. X is not gracious, but rather demanding, controlling and prone to upper-class trends which are apt to change as new upper-class fads emerge, with their former nanny not quitting as Annie was led to believe, but fired by Mrs. X for going on a date. And Grayer is not the sweet child he initially came across as, but, a product of the environment in which he has been raised, is precocious in a bad way. And when she eventually meets him, Annie sees that Mr. X is even less a presence in Grayer's life than Mrs. X, and in his narcissism is a philanderer who treats Mrs. X poorly. As Annie is eventually able to get through to Grayer which makes quitting no longer an option despite the poor working conditions, she has to deal with two additional people, the first her mother who she has not told about the job in her mother's belief and dreams that she is working on Wall Street, and the second a guy she names Harvard Hottie (because of his preppy good looks and he wearing a Harvard sweatshirt in their first encounter), who lives on the 12th floor of the X's building and with whom she is averse to starting a relationship because of the fate of the previous nanny and despite their mutual attraction. The questions become if this experiment/experience will allow her to get a clearer view of what she wants to do with her life, and how the experiment will end as there is, by its very nature, a finite time frame to this job. Huggo Annie Braddock graduates from college as an anthropology major and freezes during the interview for an internship at a big corporation. To find herself, she takes a job as a nanny in Manhattan's toney Upper East Side, tells her mother she got the internship, and moves in with the X family - a cheating husband, a control-freak wife, and Grayer, a lad of five. Mrs. X works the nanny day and night while neglecting her son. As the summer wears on, Annie is chatted up by a young man in the building, dubbed Harvard Hottie. She puts her anthropology skills to use to save her sanity, but how long can she suffer? Will she speak up, and will she discover who she is? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Confessions of a Shopaholic (2009)431) A college grad lands a job as a financial journalist in New York City to support where she nurtures her shopping addiction and falls for a wealthy entrepreneur. Struggling with her debilitating obsession with shopping and the sudden collapse of her income source, Rebecca Bloomwood (Isla Fisher) unintentionally lands a job writing for a financial magazine after a drunken letter-mailing mix-up. Ironically writing about the consumer caution of which she has not abided, Rebecca's innovative comparisons and unconventional metaphors for economics grants her critical acclaim, public success, and the admiration of her supportive boss Luke Brandon (Hugh Dancy). But as she draws closer to her ultimate goal of writing for renowned fashion magazine Alette, she questions her true ambitions and must determine if overcoming her "shopaholic" condition will bring her real happiness. The Massie Twins In New York City, journalist and compulsive liar Rebecca Bloomwood (Isla Fisher) is an addicted consumer that can not resist shopping fashionable clothes and outfits in fancy shops and has several unplayable debts with credit cards. She dreams on working on the fashion magazine "Alette", owned by the sophisticated Alette Naylor (Dame Kristin Scott Thomas), but she does not succeed in her intent. When Becky loses her job, she drinks a lot of booze with her best friend Suze (Krysten Ritter) and sends an offensive letter to editor Luke Brandon (Hugh Dancy) from the financial magazine "Successful Saving" and an article to Alette to show her potential. However, she unintentionally switches the correspondences in the mailbox and Luke hires her to write a column called "The Girl in the Green Scarf" in his magazine using a simple language and metaphors that could be easily understood by common people. Meanwhile, debt collector Derek Smeath (Robert Stanton) is chasing Becky and she is avoiding him everywhere, saying that he is an ex-boyfriend that is stalking her. When her column becomes a success, Becky is invited to participate on a talk show and Luke and she fall in love with each other. However, her lies and debts put her in a difficult situation with her audience, Suze, and Luke. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with young Rebecca looking at beautiful shoes and talking about how there're two kinds of prices: real prices, which buy wonderful things, and her mother's prices, which buy things that last forever. We see her receiving a sturdy pair of plain brown shoes and looking enviously at the other girls. We see her looking at older girls trying on dresses and jewelry, and not even needing money for these perfect things as they swipe credit cards. She wanted one of those. Now the adult Rebecca (Isla Fisher) is walking down the street, saying little did she dream she would one day have twelve. Rebecca "Bex" Bloomwood is a writer for a gardening magazine with a closet full of clothes and accessories, and a lot of debt. She does not know the exact sum, but she is concerned when she receives one bill for $900. At first she believes her credit card was stolen, but realizes that the Outdoor World charge was for a farewell gift. The debt is all hers, and among other things it comes with persistent collection agent Derek Smeath. Heading off to an interview at Alette magazine, run by Alette Naylor (Kristin Scott Thomas), Bex spies the perfect green scarf; even the mannequin is telling her that it will define who she is. She tries to buy it by spreading the price over cash and multiple cards, but with one card being declined, she's still $20 short. She rushes to a hot dog vendor, going to the front of the line for an "emergency", begging the vendor to give her cash back on a check, even offering to buy all of his hot dogs, claiming she needs the scarf for a sick aunt. The man in the front of the line gives her twenty dollars to get her out of the way so he can get his dog, telling her there is a difference between cost and worth. Wearing the scarf, Bex heads into Alette's office, but the receptionist tells her that Alicia Billington has filled the job internally. Complimenting the scarf, he tells her that a consumer finance magazine from the same parent company is also hiring, and getting her foot in the door there will help. Bex hurries over to that office, and meets her interviewer, Luke Brandon (Hugh Dancy), the man in line from the hot dog stand. The interview does not go well, and things get worse as she returns to her job and finds that the magazine is closing, and everyone has received termination notices. Bex goes to her roommate, Suze (Krysten Ritter), who tears up her rent check, but it does not resolve the debt problem. With the help of a bottle of tequila, they go through the bills, Suze adding figures up and finding that the news is horrible. However, they get the brilliant idea to write up a sample article for Alette and send it in. At the same time, Bex drafts a mean note to Luke. A call from Luke the next day leads her to realize that she put the letters in the wrong envelopes: He likes her idea of using shoes as a metaphor for investing, but before taking that job, she makes a desperate rush to intercept the insulting letter on its way to Alette. By hiding in a coat rack, stretching, and ending up flat on her back in front of Alicia, she does manage. Suze also gets Bex to go to a support group for shopaholics, but all Bex does is send most of the members into a relapse as she describes her love of shopping. Suze also makes Bex watch a video about shopping addiction, and tries to get her to declutter, but Bex just hides everything in the closet, which later explodes onto and buries Suze. Bex gets off to a rocky start at the magazine, especially since her card is declined as she tries to buy a finance book. Luke takes her to a company meeting and makes her question the presenter about their bonuses, seeing as the company posted a loss. He asks her to go home and send him a new outline for the article, but a sample sale distracts her. One coat that she buys gives her the answer though, as she sees that it is mostly acrylic and not cashmere, and she writes about changes in credit card terms. Her new column, The Girl in the Green Scarf, is well received. Although the head of advertising is nervous, Bex wins over the company head, bankers, and even Finns from Nokia, as she manages to avoid getting caught in her constant lie that she is fluent in Finnish. At a Miami conference she does well, but is still being harassed by bill collection agent Smeath, whom she has told Luke is an ex-boyfriend who is stalking her. Still in Miami, she and Luke share a shopping trip and a dance. He reveals that his mother is a wealthy socialite, but he wants to make it on his own. They bond, but she finds out that he is having dinner with Alicia, upsetting her. She also finds out that Alicia will be Luke's date for an upcoming ball. Suze convinces Bex not to buy a new dress, but to use something she already has for the ball, but the evening turns out to be jinxed: Bex's jacket unravels, beads come off and trip an elderly woman, and her dress is similar enough to that worn by the waitresses that she is handed a platter, sending fish onto many of the diners. Luke smooths things over and the night takes a turn for the better as he joins her out on the balcony and kisses her. Bex goes to her parents to ask for help, but it turns out that they have put all of their savings into an RV. They do mention her column and how much they love it, but she does not reveal that she is the author. Her work is being so well-received that Bex is given a television spot with Luke, and Alette takes her shopping. While Bex is trying on clothes, Alicia holds her purse and takes a call from Smeath, thus finding out Bex's debt issues. Bex buys the outfit, though it costs a month's pay, and heads over to her bridesmaid dress fitting, as Suze is getting married. Upset to see the Barney's shopping bag, Suze sends Bex back to the support group. Bex meets a new woman going in to the support group, and asks her to stash her purchases in her trunk. The woman agrees, but turns out to be the new group leader, Miss Korch, who marches the group to a thrift shop and makes Bex turn over the purchases. Bex goes to buy them back after, but only has enough cash for one, so chooses the Barney's dress for the television appearance. The show is going well, but once things are turned over to the audience for questions, Smeath stands up and exposes her debt issues, as well as the lie of him being an ex-boyfriend, which Suze, her fiance Tarq, and Bex's parents all see. Bex goes back to the apartment to find Suze; while they're talking, a homeless woman goes by wearing Bex's bridesmaid dress. Suze is furious and moves out. Bex's parents drive up and offer to sell the RV, but she wont let them. Alette stops by and makes an offer to Bex to work at Alette, but since it would involve writing about affordable fashion that is not really affordable, and encouraging more credit card use, Bex turns her down. Before this happens, Alicia complains to Luke about being stuck with Bex. Bex returns to her support group, asking for help, and sets up a sample sale and auction of her entire wardrobe. She sends a notice to the original receptionist at Alette, who forwards it to all assistants, including Luke's assistant Hayley. He says that she will need to make room for all the free samples from Alette. Everything sells, with the last item on the block being the original green scarf. Two women have a small bidding war, but eventually Bex releases it to the winner, telling her not to wear it with yellow and that it will bring her love. In the audience, Hayley has ended up sitting next to Bex's mother, who reveals that Bex turned down the Alette offer. Having defended Bex, Luke's job is in danger, but the owner surprises him by offering to start a new magazine. As they talk, Luke realizes he wants to strike out on his own, possibly inspired by Bex earlier telling him that she could see him running his own business. The grand total from the auction is over $16,000, allowing Bex to pay off her debt. She takes $9,000 to Smeath's office in pennies, giving him what he deserves in the most annoying and inconvenient fashion, as he did to her. Bex shows up at Suze's wedding wearing the bridesmaid dress, which she has traded back from the homeless woman for other clothes. They reconcile, and Suze and Tarq are married. As the newlyweds drive off, Bex wanders down the street. The mannequins beckon to her again, but as she resists they start applauding her. Exhilarated by her growth, she finds Luke in front of her. He presents her with the green scarf, having sent both of the bidders. They kiss on the street, and she talks about how giving up shopping has allowed her time for other things, including a relationship with Luke. 
 Crocodile Dundee in Los Angeles (2001)Summaries Australian Outback adventurer Mick "Crocodile" Dundee travels to Los Angeles with his young son while his longtime companion suspects foul play at a movie studio. From the opening shot of a Jurassic Park-esque reptilian eye, you know you are in for a wild ride. As Mick "Crocodile" Dundee sits in a canoe sharpening his famous knife, a monstrous croc hides somewhere in the deep. The croc suddenly attacks, tearing Mick's boat to pieces and leaving him and mate Jacko up a tree. Life for Mick can only get easier, right? When Mick arrives at home, he discovers longtime companion Sue's newspaper-mogul father has called, and needs her help on an article at the paper's Los Angeles branch. Mick, who recognizes his importance in the modernizing bush is now no more than as a tourist attraction, agrees to join her, and together Mick, Sue and son Mikey head for Los Angeles. Here the adventure truly begins, as Mick and Jacko brave a cowboy bar where the horsemen are of a different color, and a Hollywood film party where everyone seems interested in Mick's mate Malcolm "Mal" Gibson's colorful exploits. Sue's article soon leads to a sleazy film producer, so Mick gets a job as a monkey wrangler at his studio, where his investigation uncovers some very sketchy goings-on. Anonymous A lot has changed in the dusty hamlet of Walkabout Creek since Mick and Sue's encounter with danger in Crocodile Dundee II (1988) , and now, a business proposal brings the couple, along with their young son, Mikey, back to the United States. This time, as Sue takes over Newsday's Los Angeles department, the father and son embark on a bonding trip to sunny California, while in the meantime, Mick and Sue try to shed light on a mysterious death, and the shady business of a movie director. Can the legendary Crocodile Dundee crack this case? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 