nm0004376:

 Run Lola Run (1998)761) After a botched money delivery, Lola has 20 minutes to come up with 100,000 Deutschmarks. Lola receives a phone call from her boyfriend Manni. He lost 100,000 DM in a subway train that belongs to a very bad guy. Lola has 20 min to raise this amount and meet Manni. Otherwise, he will rob a store to get the money. Three different alternatives may happen depending on some minor event along Lola's run. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Lola's boyfriend Manni works as a runner for a mobster and leaves a bag full of his employer's money on a subway train. Frantic, he calls her and says that unless he can come up with the money in the next 20 minutes, he'll have to rob a grocery store to get it. Lola heads to her father's bank to see if he can help her. At this point, the film shows three possible outcomes of Lola's attempt to get the money - not all of which necessarily result in a happy ending. garykmcd The film explores the events that fate alone controls and displays the constant "what if's" that occur every moment and that can easily change the happenings of the next. The film follows the events between a woman, Lola, and her boyfriend, Manni, who she desperately tries to save from death by helping him obtain a huge amount of money he carelessly lost. It takes you on three different journeys with Lola, all controlled by fate, showing you what would happen in each, and all the "what if's" that provide the foundations for each outcome. <Elikapeka92@hotmail.com> After fiddling some money, Manni has to deliver 100,000 DM. Unfortunately he leaves the cash in the subway - a dosser is very happy about that. Now there are 20 minutes remaining for Manni to deliver the money otherwise he's for the high jump. Desperately he phones his girl-friend Lola who helped him out of every situation so far. Will she be able to get 100,000 DM in twenty minutes. Well, there are different ways to do that. Marco Radke <ds@serve.com> At home, Lola gets a call from her frightened boyfriend who has lost a large amount of gang money he was smuggling into the country. His only chance of staying alive is if she can get replacement cash to him in twenty minutes. Lola decides to try her father at the bank where he works. But exactly how things will turn out depends crucially, almost to the second, on how she sets off on her errand. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a series of questions about humanity and what we know to be true. After the credits, the camera zooms into a house and stops at a ringing telephone. Lola picks up and begins talking to Manni. Manni is in a telephone booth and questions her about where she has been since she was supposed to be waiting for him at the spot they had planned on. She tells him some guy stole the moped she was on while she was in the store and that it happened so fast she couldn't catch up to him. Manni begins to cry. He tells Lola that he made a big mistake and claims they're going to kill him. Lola asks him what happened and he begins to recollect the events. He says everything was going as planned; the car transactions went well, he got the diamonds he needed and crossed the border successfully, his encounter with a dealer went well, and he got the money he needed: 100,000 marks. All that was missing was her waiting for him at the spot. He walked to the train station and got on, but a bum bumped into him and fell. He helped the bum up, but two security guards got on the train. On instinct, he got off leaving the bag of money on the seat. He did not realize it until a minute or two later. He tried to go back to get the money but was stopped by the two security guards. The train left with the bag of money and the bum opened it, immediately grabbing it for himself. Manni tells Lola he would not be in this situation if she had been there on time. He blames her for being so sensitive and for believing love can solve anything. He tells her to come up with 100,000 marks in twenty minutes because that is all the time he has left before he has to meet Ronnie, his boss, and turn in the money or else he will kill him. He begins to tell her that over and over again until Lola screams "Stop" so loud, a few glasses on her TV set break. She finally tells him that she will come up with something in twenty minutes. She tells him to stay where he is and she will get him the money. He gets desperate and spots a store across from his phone booth and tells her that he is going rob it because that's the only way he can come up with that much money in twenty minutes. Lola thinks he is crazy and tells him again not to move from there. She tosses the phone and begins to think who she can go to. Images of possible people flash in her head until she finally decides on her dad. First Run: She begins to run through the city, and she bumps into a woman and her baby in a carriage. In a series of photo shots, it depicts the woman's future. Her baby is being taken away by social services and she ends up taking someone else's baby in a park. The camera returns to Lola running. Meanwhile, her dad and a woman is having a conversation in his office at a bank. The woman is telling him that she cannot go on lying and doesn't know who she will wait for a man who doesn't want to be with her. Lola continues running and encounters a guy on a bike who, while riding next to her, wants to sell her the bike for 50 marks. She says no. In a series of photo shots, his future is shown. He gets beat up by some men, and his bike is taken away. He ends up in a hospital where he meets a nurse, and they get married. It goes back to Lola crossing in front a car that barely misses her. The man driving stares at her and doesn't see another car coming, crashing into it. Manni is still in the phone booth. He is talking to someone and asks the person what he is supposed to do with 500 marks. He hangs up and returns the phone card to the blind lady he borrowed it from, but she doesn't take it. Meanwhile, Lola's dad and the woman are still talking and she tells him he has to decide whether or not he wants to be with her because she's pregnant. Lola finally reaches her dads work and is running to his office but accidentally bumps into a clerical worker. Again, in a series of photo shots, her future is shown. She gets into a car accident, is paralyzed, and then commits suicide. Lola finally reaches her dad's office and asks him for help. She tells him she needs 100,000 marks or her boyfriend will die. He starts to ask questions about her boyfriend and she tells him It doesn't matter in a scream so loud, she breaks the glass wall clock. He then walks her out and tells her he is leaving her mother and marrying another woman. He also tells her that he is not her father and throws her out. Lola is dazed for a little bit then exits the bank. A lady approaches her and asks her what is wrong, but Lola asks for the time and begins to run again. Manni is on the phone with someone and seems frustrated. He walks up to the store he plans on robbing and looks inside. Meanwhile, Lola is running and repeating over and over for Manni to wait for her. Manni makes up his mind and enters the store. Lola gets there too late because he is already pointing a gun and telling the cashiers to open the cash registers. She bangs on the window glass and asks him why he didn't wait for her. He tells her she got here too late. He then asks her if she is with him. At first, she just wants to leave, but she then grabs a bag of glass bottles from a lady nearby, goes into the store, and hits the security guard on the head. She grabs the gun from the guard and covers for Manni while he gets the money from the registers. They take off running, but the police block them. They run the other way but get blocked from that direction as well. Manni throws the bag of cash at the police. While looking up at the bag, the cop accidentally fires his drawn gun and hits Lola in the chest. She falls back, and Manni goes to her. She thinks back to when she and Manni were in bed together, and she questions his love for her. Manni finally asks her if she wants to leave. She replies no; she does not want to leave. She then says, "Stop", and the movie goes back to the beginning. Second Run: She hangs up the phone and begins running with her dad already in mind. She bumps into the same woman and her baby. This time, in the series of photo shots, the woman wins the lotto and is happy. Lola continues to run and encounters the man on the bike again, but this time his photo shots depict him as a bum and a drug junkie. She keeps running and instead of crossing the car, she jumps over it. The man still crashes into the other car because he is staring at her. She continues to run and bumps into the homeless guy with the bag of cash. She obviously does not know he has the money and keeps running. Meanwhile, her dad and the woman are having the same conversation. She asks him if he wants to have a baby with her even though it might not be his. At that moment, Lola enters the bank. This time, as she is running to her dad's office, she doesn't bump into the clerical worker. She gets to the office and finds them arguing. This time, he is telling the woman he cannot leave his sick wife and three kids. He tells Lola to leave them alone and go home, but she tells him she needs money. The woman tells her she should be ashamed for barging in on them. Lola calls her a stupid cow and her dad slaps her across the face. Lola begins to throw objects at her dad and leaves on her own. As she exits, the security guard tells her she can't always have what she wants. She walks back, but takes the guards gun with her. She reaches her dad again and tells him to go with her, but not before she shoots at the wall next to his head to let him know she is serious. She holds the gun to his head as they're walking out. The clerical worker tries to stop them, but Lola tells her to get lost. This time, in the clerical workers photo shots, she meets someone within the bank who likes to play dominatrix with her. Lola and her dad reach the front of the bank and tells one of the tellers to bag 100,000 marks. However, he only has 88,000 marks has to go downstairs to get the rest. He returns, and Lola tells him to put the money in the garbage can. She takes the bag and leaves. The police have the bank surrounded already. She just stands there staring at them, but the police tell her to get out of the way. They think it is someone else holding up the bank, so she begins to run to Manni. Manni is looking into the store he is going to rob. Just as he makes up his mind to go in, Lola calls to him. He turns around to go to her, but as he is crossing the street, he gets run over by an ambulance. This time, as he is lying on the street, he flashes back to when he and Lola are in bed together and asks her what she would do if he died. They go back and forth on the issue until Lola finally tells him he isn't dead yet, and the movie returns to the beginning again. Third Run: Lola hangs up the phone for a third time and starts to run through the city again. She encounters the woman with the baby but this time doesn't bump into her. This time the woman's photo shots depict her having a religious awakening. She encounters the guy on the bike but this time he doesn't try to sell her the bike and instead pulls into a sausage stand. The bum with the money is there and offers to buy the guy a drink. The bum tells him that some unexpected things can happen, and the guy tries to sell him the bike for 70 marks. Meanwhile, Lola is running and this time stumbles on the hood of the car. She and the driver recognize each other. He is Mr. Meyer, her dad's associate. He asks her if everything is okay. She replies no, and continues running. Meanwhile, the bum ends up buying the bike and riding it throughout the city. Lola's dad and the woman are conversing, and the woman asks him if he wants to have a baby with her. He says yes but then is interrupted by his secretary on the phone. She says Mr. Meyer is outside waiting for him, so the dad goes to him. Just as they're pulling off, Lola reaches the bank. She sees them and yells for them to stop. Meanwhile, Manni is getting out of the phone booth and returns the phone card to the blind lady. She tells him to wait and turns to look out on the street. Manni follows her gaze and notices the bum on the bike riding through the street. Manni recognizes him and chases after to him. He almost gets run over by Mr. Meyer, but Meyer swerves and hits another car head on. Meanwhile, Lola is still running and thinking about what to do. She almost gets run over by a truck, but she spots a casino and goes in. She gets a 100 mark chip and places her bet at a roulette table. She wins 3,500 marks, but she bets it all again on the same number. As the roulette wheel is spinning, she starts to scream really loud and breaks champagne glasses that people are holding. She wins the 100,000 marks she needs and takes off again to find Manni. Meanwhile, Manni stops the bum by pointing a gun at him and takes the money. The bum then asks for the gun, and Manni gives it to him. Lola gets into the back of an ambulance in which a sick man is there. His heart rate is irregular. She claims to be with him and holds his hand. His heart beat regulates. She gets out of the ambulance and calls out for Manni, but he isn't there. Then she sees him getting out of a car about a block away with Ronnie. They shake hands, and Manni begins to walk towards her. He asks her if everything is okay, and they begin walking together. After a minute or so, he asks her what is in the bag she is carrying, and the movie ends in a photo shot. 
 The Princess and the Warrior (2000)321) Two enamoured strangers look for a warm place in a cold world. Young nurse Sissi lives a secluded life, seemingly entirely devoted to her patients at Birkenhof asylum. Her first encounter with ex-soldier and drifter Bodo has a lasting impact. He causes an accident that results in her lying under a truck, unable to breathe. While he provides life-saving first aid, mesmerized Sissi begins to wonder whether he may be the man of her dreams. But when she tracks him down weeks later her affection is rejected, as Bodo is stuck somewhere between a traumatic past and a criminal future. Armin Ortmann <armin@sfb288.math.tu-berlin.de> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The first shot shows a lonely house by the ocean. Inside the house, a woman sits at a desk facing the ocean and writes a letter to Sissi Schmidt, Klinikum Birkenhof, Psych. Abt. Station 5. She goes outside and walks to the mailbox. The movie title appears. During the opening credits, you can see how the letter is sorted at the post office. Finally, the postman brings the letter to the Klinikum Birkenhof. Next scene: two people, a man and a woman, sit next to each other, holding hands. The woman puts an ice cube on her neck and asks if the man can feel it. She explains that these are goose bumps. Then she puts the ice cube on his neck. A woman in a nurses uniform looks trough the glass door before she enters, calling the woman Sissi (Franka Potente). She has mail and gives a letter to Sissi, who is very surprised about it, and to the man next to her. The man opens the letter immediately. The letter is written in Braille, which reveals that he is blind. Sissi doesnt open the letter immediately. In a big hall, a group of people gather together and sit in a big circle. Some of them are doctors and nurses, among them Sissi. The people are behaving strangely. They are patients of the psychiatric clinic. Two male patients agree to go for a walk with Sissi. Next scene: The camera focuses on a young man's (Bodo) face upside down. Then it circles around his head and shows that he is standing on the balustrade of the bridge over the freeway. He opens his arms. A boy approaching on a bicycle asks him what he is doing. He answers that he is engaged in sport, mainly flying, but the boy objects and the man answers that he is doing warm-up exercises. Bodo takes his bike and rides away. Bodo arrives at a funeral home, where he is applying for a job. The director hires him and asks him to start the same day. He walks away, leaving the young man alone in the chapel. There is an open coffin. An old lady is peacefully lying in the coffin. He goes to her and touches her cheeks. The ceremony takes place. Bodo is helping to put the coffin in the grave. He cries silently while the priest prays by the open grave. A little girl sees his tears, as well as his boss, who is outraged and fires him right after the ceremony. Bodo is angry and chokes him. Next scene: Bodo pushes his bike to the top of a large hill in the countryside, at the top of which is a lonely house. The house is old. Another man, older than he (his brother Walter), is hanging clothes on a line. He asks how everything is going. The young man answers that he didnt get the job, though he would have liked to do it. His brother reassures him that they wont have to worry for long anymore. The two men go inside the house. The house is dark and poorly furnished. Walter shows Bodo two different sets of blueprints of the same building. According to him, these plans show that the building must have another floor underneath it, unknown to other people. He also mentions that he is sitting right next to the safe, pointing to a spot on the blueprints. The two men look at a street sign hanging in their house showing a kangaroo. Walter asks if they really want it or not. Next scene, in the asylum: One of the patients, a young man (Steini), puts a disc on a old record player. A slow song starts. Sissi, still holding the letter, and her colleague (Maria) walk slowly along the corridor. Maria asks if the letter is from Maike. Sissi answers affirmatively. When Maria asks her if shes going to open it, she says that she will open it later. The two women arrive in the hall, where the music, which is a love song, is playing. Steini is waiting for Sissi. He flirts with her and begins to dance with her. Other patients also start dancing, as well as some of the nurses. One of the patients, however, leaves the room in madness. It is nighttime, and Sissi helps Steini prepare for bed. He asks her for a favor. At first, she doesnt want to, but finally, she agrees to masturbate him. Another patient (Werner) sees her doing this. Sissi goes back to the nurses room, where she picks up her jacket. Her colleague then accompanies her to her room in the nurses apartment building. Sissi walks into her room, the letter in her hand. She sits down on her bed and opens the letter. There is a picture of her friend by the house near the ocean. Off-screen, the voice of the friend explains that her mom died. She is not sad about this because her mom was very old, and she didnt have close contact with her. However, her mom has bequeathed her something. She asks Sissi to go to the bank with the documents enclosed within the letter. She also writes that the ocean is roaring like it does in Sissis big sea shell. Her friend reminds her that they always wanted to go to the ocean, and that she finally made it. Sissi holds the sea shell to her ear. In a CGI shot, the camera zooms into the mussel. The screen is black, aside from a wide, shiny spot. Sissi speaks. She say that she wanted to go to the bank immediately, but The voice cuts off. The shiny spot becomes larger and focuses on Bodo. He is running, holding a grocery basket, and he is being followed by two men. He appears to have stolen the food. The music is loud and fast. Bodo is running trough the streets of a big city. He tries to escape by hopping onto a passing big rig truck. Meanwhile, Sissi is standing at an intersection with the blind patient, waiting for the light to turn green. The surprised truck driver turns back to yell to the Bodo, preventing him from paying attention to where he is driving. He runs the red light at the moment Sissi and the blind patient are crossing the street. She has time to push the patient back so he wont be hurt, but she is then hit by the truck and run over. The screen turns black. Silent. Close-up view of Sissis face. She is lying down and explains through an off-screen voice what happened. First, she feels no fear but then she notices the deep silence that surrounds her. Something is missing: her own breathing. Next scene: Bodo is still running. He runs into a small shop through the rear door. The salesman, knowing him, calls him by name, asking where he has come from. Bodo doesnt have time to answer. He runs through the shop and exits through the main door. Little bells ring as the door closes. He then sees the truck standing in the middle of the street. Many people are standing around it. Bodo thinks that he can hide under the truck. After crawling under the truck, he sees Sissi lying there. In an off-screen voice Sissi says that the air wasnt coming back, but that the man was coming. Bodo realizes that she cant breath. He examines his mouth. He then asks her to wait for him and leaves, promising that he will come back. After coming out from underneath the truck, Bodo sees that the two men who followed him are leaving. He also sees the blind young man holding a cup with a straw. Bodo runs away. Meanwhile Sissi is still lying under the truck. She is afraid that the man wont be coming back. In her thoughts she sees her mother sitting on a bathtub and saying that men never come back. But she also says that she wont play this game and that Sissi shouldnt be playing it either. The scene is black and white. Bodo runs to the blind man and steals the straw. He goes back to Sissi. He lies on top of her, takes a knife from his pocket, and explains that he will make an incision in her throat so that she is able to breathe. Bodo puts the knife into her throat. He puts the straw into the wound and sucks the blood out of it. Sissi starts breathing again. Bodo begins to cry again. Sissi thinks that it may be possible to be happy outside if you are not alone but with a guy like him. Sissi is brought to the hospital. She remembers being in a tunnel (the hall in the hospital), with Bodo still on her holding the straw and sucking the blood. A doctor counts until three, and Bodo jumps off the bed and the doctors put the intubation into Sissi. Bodo walks for a while alongside the bed, Sissi holding his hand. Then, their hands are separated, and Sissi has only a button of his jacket in her hand. The next scene follows Bodo as he enters a large business building. He goes to the basement where his brother sits at an enormous desk. Bodo asks him if he is about to have lunch. Walter, who says he will come in five minutes, gives him the keys to an elevator. Walter then meets Bodo on the roof of the building. He brings sandwiches and beverages. Bodo tells him that he saved someones life. Walter explains that Schmatt, the salesman from the little shop, called him. He advises Bodo to stop stealing at the gas station. He also tells Bodo that he has all the plans ready. Bodo seems uncertain, and from the roof, Walter shows him a certain location and explains that they will enter there and then walk along the sewers. Then they have to dig for another 10 or 20 meters. When Bodo asks him what they will do afterwards, Walter answers that they will be gone. Bodo asks if he means Sydney. Angry, Walter leaves. Standing alone at the roofs edge, Bodo points to the ground and says that Sydney is on exactly the opposite side of the Earth. Next scene: Bodo and his brother ride a bike and stop at a gully. Bodo removes the manhole. They walk along the sewers wearing helmets and lamps. Sissi is in the hospital. She has a broken leg. The doctor removes her neck support (Halskrause zur Untersttzung bei Halswirbelbrchen). He then cuts the cast on her leg. The whole scene is tinted green. Sissi sits in a car with her colleague Maria. She says that she was able to leave the hospital after 53 days. The doctor said it was a miracle. Sissi still holds the button from Bodos jacket in her hand. She says that the man was gone. They arrive at the asylum. Inside the asylum, the patients and doctors have prepared a small party for Sissis return. Everybody sits at a long table. One patient leaves the room in an inexplicable rage. Sissi and her colleague enter the asylum. There is a big round of applause from the patients and doctors. Sissi sits down on the end of the table. When one patient asks her why she isnt dead, she explains that she has been saved. She also appeases one of the patient by saying that she wont die. Suddenly, the conversation still on the topic of death, Sissi leaves the room. She goes to her room and writes a letter to Maike. She explains that she doesnt know what is going on with her. She also promises her friend that she will go to the bank the next morning. She says that she always thinks of the man. The next scene: Bodo and Walter lie in bed, the weather is stormy. Bodo is very nervous. Suddenly he sits up, his eyes closed. He goes to a stove and embraces it. His brother wakes up and sees him. He screams his name and goes to remove Bodo from the stove. Bodo is afraid and starts fighting. Finally, he opens his eyes and wakes up, surprised. Sissi is in her bed and wakes up suddenly. In her nightwear, she goes to see the blind patient, who is sitting in the first room as in the beginning. She sits next to him. The blind man says that Sissi is afraid of something. She answers that she is afraid that nothing will be the same anymore, but he says that she is afraid everything will remain the same. Sissi agrees and says that she should try to find him. She asks the patient for help. The next scene: Sissi stands in the middle of the street where she was hit by the truck. The blind man is with her. She makes the sound of her bodys impact with the truck and sits down. Then she asks the patient what happened next. He tries to remember. Suddenly, he points at something with his finger and says, There it is. A man is coming out of the little shop with the ringing bells. Sissi realizes that Bodo came out of that shop. She goes into the shop followed by the blind patient. The shop sells weapons. The salesman (Schmatt), who is cleaning a rifle, doesnt pay attention to Sissi and the blind patient. Sissi finally asks him if he was working on May 30th, and remembers the accident. She describes Bodo and asks the salesperson if he knows the man. The salesman is reluctant to give information and denies knowing the man, but Sissi sees a picture with Bodo on it. Bodo wears an army uniform where the name B. Riemer can be read. Because the salesperson is still reluctant, the blind patient feigns a seizure in front of his door. Sissi says that she will call the police if the man doesnt speak and will tell them that he hit a blind person. Sissi and the patient are going back to the asylum. Sissi has a piece of paper in her hand. In the next scene Sissi is sitting alone in an aerial railway car. She walks down a lonely street and finally climbs the hill to Bodos house. Bodo is with his brother behind the house, doing martial arts exercises. Sissi smiles because she recognizes Bodo as the man who saved her life. When she touches Bodo from behind, he is so afraid that he grabs her by the throat and pushes her over. His brother helps Sissi to stand up. Sissi asks Bodo if he remembers and he nods. She says that it hurt. Because Bodo is crying again, she asks him if he is sad. He asks her what she wants. Walter also asks her what she wants. She answers that she just wanted to see him again, but Bodo says he didnt want to see her. Walter tells her goodbye. Sissi leaves, sad. She is alone in the train. It is night. She goes back to the asylum. When she opens the door to the dormitory, one of the patients, Werner, comes from behind and hits her in the face when she turns around. She falls down. When she asks him why he did this, he looks to the ceiling and says that he had heard an order from above. Sissi suggests that he let her restrain him, and he agrees. She ties him down on an examination table. Werner suddenly asks her to loose the restraints again, and he says it is important. He has to knock out all her teeth. She doesnt open the strips and explains that he knows that he doesnt have to do this. Sissi sits on her bed watching a romantic movie. The weather is stormy again. Sissi stands up. Next scene: She goes back to Bodos house. It is raining hard, and she has a yellow raincoat on. Walter opens the door. She says that it isnt right. He closes the door, but she knocks again. When Walter says that Bodo isnt at home, she tells him she wont leave. He lets her in. He sits down on a table where a bottle of whisky is standing and offers her a chair next to him. He gives her a glass of whisky. She drinks it. He asks her what her name is. She introduces herself: Simone. He holds her hand and says his name: Walter. Then she tells him to call her Sissi. When she asks him where Bodo is, he tells her that he will be coming back soon. She wants to know if they are friends, and he tells her that they are brothers. She says that they dont resemble each other. Walter is smoking. When Sissi asks him what the matter is with his brother, Walter just answers that he isnt the right guy for her. She wants to know why. Walter explains that Bodo already has a lot of problems, and that she is one of them. Again she asks why. He answers that it is because she is a woman. She wants to know if Bodo has something against women. First Walter answers no, but then he says yes. Sissi asks him why, and he explains that Bodos wife is dead. She is surprised to hear that he was married. But then she asks why his wife is dead. Walter explains that she died in an accident at a gas station. Bodo was in the restroom, and she was putting gas in the car. Suddenly, a fire broke out and the gas station exploded. When Bodo came back from the restroom, everything was gone, burned, including his wife. Walter also says that Bodo is still sitting on the toilet at the gas station, waiting for all this not to be real, so that he can come back from the restroom and have everything okay like it was before. Thats why he must go away from here. Out of the restroom. Just as Walter is asking her why she is after Bodo, Bodo comes home. He isnt happy to see Sissi. Sissi stands up. Bodo asks her what she wants. She tells him that she dreams about him. She wants to know if they only met by chance or if she needs to change her life because of him. He grabs her and brings her outside the house. It is still raining. Bodo closes the door, but Sissi knocks on it. He comes out and steps forward, screaming for her to leave him alone. Finally, he punches her, and she falls into the mud. She starts crying and throws mud at him. His brother comes out and takes Bodo back inside the house. He also asks Sissi to leave. She goes leaves in the rain. Finally she lies down in the wet grass, looking at the stars. Inside the house, Walter gives Bodo a towel and asks him why he acted this way. He doesnt answer. Next scene: Bodo takes a shower. Suddenly he hears something knocking. He thinks that it is his brother. But it is a young woman, his dead wife, who is sitting there. He asks her where Walter is, and she shakes her head. He kneels in front of her, crying. Suddenly the scene changes: Bodo is sleeping and crying, holding the stove. His brother sees him and wakes him up. The two brothers sit at the table, drinking whiskey. Bodo holds ice cubes to cool his burned hands. The next morning, Sissi, still in her raincoat, goes to the bank to deal with her friends papers. There she sees Walter. Once an armored car arrives, Walter goes to his office downstairs. Under his desk, he opens one tile in the floor. Beneath is a small tunnel where Bodo is waiting. The security men from the armored car head downstairs. Meanwhile, upstairs, Sissi is told that the papers allow her to open one of the deposit boxes. The security guys open the safe. Walter is with them. When they enter the safe, the masked Bodo comes out of the tunnel and threatens them with a gun. He asks his brother to press a cloth with what is presumably ether onto the mens faces. The security guys fall asleep. Bodo and Walter take the mens weapons and the suitcase with the money. They throw everything into the hole in the floor. Meanwhile Sissi gets the key to the deposit box. She finds a small box in it. One of the security men wakes up. He still has a gun hidden in his pants. First he wants to shoot the alarm button, but when Walter comes in again, he points the weapon at him. Quickly, the man shoots the alarm button and points the weapon again at Walter. The alarm system goes off, and everybody has to evacuate the building. Downstairs, Bodo is coming out of the tunnel. He enters the safe with a gun, but when he sees the situation, he lays his weapon down and starts speaking to the guy. He tries to convince him not to shoot. He successfully takes the gun out of the hand of the security man. Meanwhile, the bank manager comes downstairs. Sissi sees him and follows him. At the moment Bodo and Walter want to escape through the tunnel, the bank manager arrives. He shoots Walter. At this moment, Sissi is coming down the stairs. She sees the manager pointing the gun at Bodo. She walks in front of the gun and asks the manager to not shoot because its not the plan. After a while, the bank manager gives her the weapon, and Bodo runs to Walter First, he is holding his own gun against the manager, but Sissi asks him not to shoot, so he punches the man in the face. Meanwhile, Walter is feeling weaker and weaker. With Sissis help, Bodo is able to bring Walter down the tunnel. The three escape through the sewers. On the other side, Schmatt is waiting for them in his truck. They bring Walter to a hospital. At first, the hospital seems to be empty, but then a doctor is found. Before Walter is taken to the emergency room, he asks Bodo to come out of the restroom. On their way back, the truck gets stuck in traffic. The police are looking for the bank robbers. Bodo and Sissi get out of the truck and run away. Once they are far enough away to stop for a while, Sissi asks him what he wants to do now. He doesnt really know, but he has to hide. Sissi takes him to her room in the nurses apartment building. They sit down, Bodo on the bed and Sissi on a chair. Suddenly Sissi remembers the little box she picked up in the bank deposit box. Inside is an locket with the picture of an old woman. She shows it to Bodo, who recognizes the person. It is the woman who was being buried when he was working at the cemetery. Next scene: the teapot is whistling, but Sissi doesnt react immediately. She seems to be lost in thoughts. After a while, she enters her room and wants to bring Bodo the tea, but he is asleep in her bed. She quietly puts the tray on the ground. Next scene: In the asylum, the patients, the nurses, and the doctor gather together in the hall and start talking. The doctor tells them that it is important to go outside, to walk a little bit and to breathe the fresh air. Sissi is also sitting with them. Suddenly Bodo walks through the corridors of the asylum. He tries to find out where he is. When he enters the main hall, he sees the news on the TV. The reporter is reporting on the bank robbery, saying that Walter had been brought to an hospital but died soon thereafter from his wounds. Bodo starts screaming and destroys the TV. The patients are shocked, and the nurses try to calm Bodo down. Sissi is horrified. Bodo is restrained on a doctors couch and given medicine to calm him. The nurses and the doctor meet in the nurses room and discuss the situation. They dont know who Bodo is and suggest that he may be suicidal and want to get help. The doctor announces that he will ask him once he feels better. Maria suddenly asks Sissi if she knows this guy, but Sissi says she doesnt. The young patient Steini is shown looking at her. Sissi and a colleague go release Bodo from the couch. He is calm and weak. They bring him to the doctors office. All the patients are looking at them but the doctor asks them to go away. While the doctor is looking for papers in the next room, Sissi explains to Bodo that he shouldnt tell anything to the doctor, but rather should pretend to have lost his memory. The doctor comes back and gives Bodo a glass of water. Sissi remains with them in the office. He starts asking questions about Bodos name and how he found his way to the asylum, but Bodo doesnt answer. He closes his eyes and starts crying. When the doctor asks him why he is crying, Bodo explains that he has problem with his tear ducts, but the doctor doesnt believe him. He asks him if he had drunk alcohol, but Bodo shakes his head. He also asks Bodo why he destroyed the TV, and whether someone had commanded him to do so, if he had heard voices. The doctor also explains that he cant let Bodo out of the hospital without papers, and that he has to stay there until the patients care office takes care of him. He again asks him if he really wants to stay in the asylum. When the doctor and Sissi come out of the office with Bodo, everybody is staring at them. They bring him to a bedroom. Sissi stays in the room with Bodo and makes the bed. Once the doctor exits the room, the two are alone. Bodo lies down, and Sissi lies next to him. She comes really close to him, saying that he smells good. Bodo asks her what planet she is from, and she answers from here. Because he doesnt understand, she explains that she was born in the asylum. Her mom died when a hair dryer fell into the bathtub, and her dad is one of the patients. Suddenly, a patient knocks on the door, and Steini enters the room. He wants to speak to Sissi, but she is angry that she can never be alone. All the patients are standing in front of the door, starring at her. She tells them that she wants to be alone for a while. She also rejects the blind patient by pushing him away from her. When she closes the door, she puts her hands in front of her face in despair. Bodo watches her, still lying on the bed. Next scene: the blind patient is in his room and blocks the door with an armchair. He then stays on another chair and removes the bulb from a light. Meanwhile, still in the bedroom, Bodo says to Sissi that the patients rely on her. Then he also says that Walter is dead. The blind patient is shown eating the glass shards from the lightbulb. He is bleeding from his mouth. The nurses break into the room and call the ambulance. When Sissi sees what has happened, she is shocked and cries. Next scene: Off screen, the voice of the doctor says that all the dangerous patients have to be isolated during the night, including the new patient. Bodo is in a padded cell. He lies on the ground, sleeping. Sissi walks through the dark hall. The TV is on, and Sissi sees on the news that she and Bodo are wanted by the police for bank robbery. When she leaves, Steini is looking at her. She goes to the room where Bodo is lying. He sits up, and she kneels in front of him. She explains that she is going to go away, and that he has to decide whether he wants to come with her or not. When Bodo asks her why the two of them, she tells him that she dreamed they were brother and sister, wife and husband, mother and father. He answers that she is crazy, and she admits that maybe everything is wrong, but she thinks that it is luck. He answers that he doesnt believe in luck. When she says that he has just had too much bad luck, he asks what she knows about his bad luck. She tells him that she knows about his wife, the gas station, and the accident. Bodo answers that it wasnt an accident, but rather a fight, one of many. Next scene: Bodo and his wife are driving. Even though there is no sound, one can see that they are arguing. They stop at the gas station, and Bodo goes to the restroom while his wife stays by the car. She fills the tank and lights a cigarette. The gas overflows out of the tank and onto the ground. The gas station attendant tries to warn her but she just drops her cigarette, and everything explodes. Bodo, still in the restroom, hears the explosion. When he comes out of the restroom, nothing is left. Next scene: Steini is calling someone on the phone, telling them that the bank robber is in the asylum. He also says that Bodo is dead. Steini sees Sissi and Bodo walking through the corridors. Sissi tells her colleague Maria that she needs her car immediately. The colleague gives her the keys to her car. She also asks Sissi where they want to go, and Sissi answers that they want to go somewhere very far away. Maria asks her if she is really sure about what she is doing. Sissi says yes, and that she wont be back. Steini steals some keys from the nurses room. He goes to the bathroom, where Bodo is taking a bath. When Steini first looks through the door, he sees Sissis mom sitting in the bathtub. He gets a toaster and turns it on. While Bodo is still sitting in the bath, Steini suddenly comes into the bathroom with the toaster in his hands. He tries to throw the toaster into the water, but Bodo catches it. The scene switches repeatedly back and forth between the mother sitting in the bathtub and dying because of the hair dryer that Steini throws into the water and the actual, current situation. Suddenly, Bodo stands up and starts chasing Steini throughout the whole building. Sissi, who is still standing in the hall with her colleague, sees them and follow them. Steini climbs a ladder to the attic. Just as Bodo tries to enter the attic, Sissi catches up to him and asks him what happened. He explains that Steini tried to throw a plugged-in toaster into the water in the bathtub. She suddenly understands. Meanwhile, her colleague worries. She sees the police cars coming and goes outside. Another nurse is already talking to the police officer. She says Steinis name. Suddenly, one of the police officers says that there is a person on the roof of the building. It is Steini. He goes to the edge of the roof and sits down. He is talking to himself, saying that things have to be put in order. Sissi and Bodo arrive on the roof. She goes directly to Steini and asks him why he did it. He gives a confusing answer and says that he can jump. The police also arrive on the roof and move slowly toward the three people at the edge of the roof. Steini tries to explain that he just has to jump and then everything would be okay, but Sissi answers that he wont jump. She goes back to Bodo, takes his hand, and walks a few steps away. Suddenly, they jump from the roof. Everybody is shocked. Sissi and Bodo land in a little lake that had been covered up with leaves. They escape and go back to the asylum where her colleague Maria gives her the car and some clothes. They drive away. The patient Werner sees them going. Sissi and Bodo are driving on a country road when the gas tank starts running low. They stop at a gas station. It is the same station where the accident with Bodos wife occurred. Bodo goes to the restroom. When he comes out, there is a doppelganger of him following him into the car. They drive away. His doppelganger watches him during the drive. Bodo is crying again. Sissi wants to wipe away his tears, but he doesnt want her to touch him. His doppelganger suddenly closes Bodos eyes and forces him to stop the car. The doppelganger then asks him to leave the car and sits down next to Sissi. He starts the car and drives away, leaving Bodo behind. The new Bodo in the car takes Sissis hand. He is smiling. The camera then focuses on the picture of Sissis friend Maike, which is hanging in the car. Suddenly, the picture comes alive, and Maike is shown walking toward Sissi and Bodo, who have arrived at her house by the ocean in their old car. Maike and Sissi are happy to see each other again. The camera zooms slowly away from the scene. Again you can see the lonely house by the sea, remembering the first scene. 
 The Bourne Identity (2002)431) A man is picked up by a fishing boat, bullet-riddled and suffering from amnesia, before racing to elude assassins and attempting to regain his memory. When a body is recovered at sea still alive, the mystery man (Damon) seems to have forgotten everything in life, including who he was. Eventually he begins to remember smaller details in life and soon finds out that his name was Jason Bourne. What he doesn't like is the gun and fake passports belonging to him. Now Bourne, and his new friend, Marie Helena Kreutz (Potente) travel from country to country in search of his new identity. But someone is not happy to see him alive, and is frantically trying to track him down. Peet On a stormy night, a young man is pulled out of the Mediterranean Sea by the crew of a fishing boat. Thinking the young man is dead, a curious fisherman with a scalpel finds two bullets in his back and a miniature laser device in his hip. The laser reveals a Swiss bank account number. But our wet hero isn't dead, and soon finds himself in Zurich. In the bank vault the young man discovers his name, Jason Bourne. In addition, he finds a baffling pile of different passports, all with his picture, and a huge pile of cash. In the U.S. Embassy, Jason Bourne discovers his love interest and travel partner, Marie, along with the fact that someone wants to kill him. Armed with a bag of money and mysterious martial arts skills, with Marie by his side, Bourne scours Paris for clues about his identity and past life... and finds himself in the middle of two assassination plots masterminded by the CIA. Joshua Bess Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An Italian fishing boat crew working off the coast of Marseille, France finds an unconscious man (Matt Damon) adrift in the Mediterranean with two gunshot wounds in his back. The man awakens on board, and very soon he comes to realize he suffers from retrograde amnesia, having only one clue to his identity: the account number to a safe deposit box provided by a tiny laser projector surgically implanted in his hip. He uses the information and travels to Zrich, Switzerland to find the corresponding bank and discovers he is skilled in advanced hand-to-hand combat and fluent in German when he instinctively defends himself from two policemen questioning him for loitering in a closed park at night. The man arrives at the bank and finds the deposit box contains a significant amount of cash in different currencies, a handgun, and several passports with his photo, but with numerous aliases and nationalities. He assumes the identity of the top passport, "Jason Bourne", and leaves. A bank employee notifies a CIA Special Activities Division group, "Operation Treadstone," about his visit, and the police arrive on the scene. Bourne manages to escape and flees to the U.S. consulate, where he is accosted by the officials there but once again manages to elude capture. A few blocks away, Bourne approaches Marie Kreutz (Franka Potente) and offers her US$20,000 to take him to Paris to the address on his "Bourne" passport. Meanwhile, back at CIA headquarters, Alexander Conklin (Chris Cooper), the head of Treadstone, reveals to his supervisor, Deputy Director Ward Abbott (Brian Cox), that Bourne was the covert operative responsible for a failed assassination attempt on exiled African dictator Nykwana Wombosi (Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje). Intending to sever all connections between the CIA and Wombosi, Conklin sends three highly-trained "assets" (assassins) to eliminate Bourne. Bourne and Marie arrive at the apartment in Paris, where he finds that one of his aliases, "John Michael Kane," was supposedly killed two weeks ago. The first asset, code-named "Castel" (Nicky Naude), ambushes them but Bourne subdues him after a brief fight. Marie checks Castel's bag and panics when she discovers a hit list package with photos of CCTV footage of her and Bourne at the embassy the day before. As Bourne tries to calm her down, Castel escapes and jumps out the window to his death before Bourne can learn anything else from him. Conklin enlists Nicolette "Nicky" Parsons ([link=nm0005466), a logistics technician at the Treadstone Paris safe house, to assist him in tracking Bourne and Marie. Bourne goes to meet Wombosi to obtain more information but the second asset, code-named "The Professor" (Clive Owen), kills Wombosi before Bourne arrives. With the news of Wombosi's death, Bourne surmises he was an assassin before the onset of his amnesia. Bourne and Marie flee to the home of her stepbrother in the countryside where Bourne decides that he no longer wants to be who he was before. Back at the CIA headquarters, Conklin tracks Bourne and Marie to the countryside house. The next morning, The Professor tries to snipe Bourne but Bourne creates a diversion and dispatches him in a cropfield, having sneaked out. As he dies, The Professor tells Bourne about their mutual connection to Treadstone. Bourne sends Marie and her stepbrother away for her safety, then uses The Professor's cell phone to arrange a meeting with Conklin to bring him out into the open so he can track him. Bourne tails Conklin back to the Paris safe house where Conklin tells him that he (Bourne) planned the entire operation to kill Wombosi. The revelation triggers Bourne's memory and through successive flashbacks Bourne remembers he used the Kane alias to infiltrate Wombosi's entourage but couldn't bring himself to kill Wombosi because Wombosi's children were present with him. He aborted the mission and tried to flee the boat, but he was shot twice by Wombosi and fell overboard from Wombosi's yacht into the Mediterranean, where the Italian fishermen later found him. Bourne tells Conklin he is quitting Treadstone and warns them not to follow him. After knocking Conklin out, Bourne engages in a shootout with several other Treadstone agents in the building. Bourne is wounded during the gunfight but kills the other agents and escapes the building. After Bourne has escaped, Conklin orders Nicky to close down the safe house, and shortly afterwards is murdered by the third asset, code-named "Manheim" (Russell Levy), on orders from Abbott. Some time later, Abbott explains to an oversight committee that he shut down Treadstone because of its ineffective cost benefit ratio and proposes a new program, "Operation Blackbriar." Bourne, now free from the CIA, travels to Mykonos, Greece, where he reunites with Marie, who runs a scooter shop, and the two share an embrace. 
 The Bourne Supremacy (2004)431) When Jason Bourne is framed for a CIA operation gone awry, he is forced to resume his former life as a trained assassin to survive. Two years ago, Jason Bourne thought he had walked away from his past. But now the past catches up to Jason Bourne when the CIA threatens to ruin his new life. Bourne and Marie have maintained their anonymous, underground existence at the cost of permanence. Fueled by splintered nightmares and haunted by the past he cannot remember, Bourne moves Marie from city to city, trying to remain one step ahead of the threat implicit in every unexplained stranger's glance, every "wrong number" phone call--that at any second, without any warning, he might get pulled back into the world he hopes he left behind. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} When a CIA operation to purchase classified Russian documents is blown by a rival agent--who then shows up in the sleepy seaside village where Bourne and Marie have been living under assumed names--the pair collapse their lives and head out. Bourne, who promised retaliation should anyone from his former life attempt contact, is forced to once again take up his life as a trained assassin to survive. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two years after the events in The Bourne Identity, Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) and his girlfriend, Marie Kreutz (Franka Potente), are living on the beach in Goa, India. Bourne is beginning to recover some of his memories, and he is troubled by disjointed flashbacks of an assassination he carried out in a Berlin hotel. Meanwhile, in Berlin, a CIA officer working for Deputy Director Pamela Landy (Joan Allen) is arranging to pay $3 million in exchange for the "Neski Files", documents pertaining to the theft of $20 million from the CIA, seven years earlier. During the exchange, a Russian assassin named Kirill (Karl Urban) intercedes. He plants two explosives in the basement electrical circuit, one on the main and the other on a sub-line. He tags one of the items with a fingerprint belonging to Jason Bourne. The explosive on the main line kills the power, while Kirill kills both the agent and the person with the files, then steals both the files and money. He gives those to Russian oil magnate Yuri Gretov (Karel Roden). Kirill then travels to Goa, his next task being to kill Bourne, but Bourne sees Kirill first and recognizes he's out of place. He gets Marie and tells her they have to get out fast. As they take off, Kirill sees them, gets in his car, and gives chase. Bourne gets Marie to switch places with him and take over the driving. Not long after that, he prepares to get out of the car, instructing Marie to drive back to their cottage on the beach and he'd meet her there in one hour. Kirill gets hung up in traffic and bails out of his car, grabbing his rifle from the trunk. As Bourne and Marie are crossing a bridge, in heavy traffic, Kirill fires his sniper rifle and hits Marie. She loses control of the car and it careens through a guardrail and off the bridge into a river. Bourne gets out of his side of the car and swims around to get Marie out. He takes a gulp of breath from air trapped near the roof of the vehicle, then attempts mouth-to-mouth on Marie there, underwater. He realizes she is dead, and lets her go. She slowly drifts away in the current. Kirill looks down at the water from on the bridge, then leaves, believing that he had killed Bourne. He later meets up with Gretov, confirming that Bourne was dead, and collects his payment. Bourne managed to swim away from the scene, undetected. He returns to his cottage and collects and burns all of Marie's passports and pictures, except for one picture showing them in an embrace. He collects all of his passports, cash, and the notes that he used to dictate his dreams, then leaves India. Bourne travels to Italy to learn why it is he is being targeted again. Landy's team investigates the scene of the killings in Berlin and finds the fingerprint that Kirill planted. Checking various fingerprint databases, they determine that it is linked to someone who worked at the CIA, specifically with the secret Treadstone project, which was top secret, requiring a level 5 clearance to read about. Landy flies to CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia to find out more information. She meets with her superior and asks for the level 5 clearance to continue her investigation. He approves it. Landy learns that the fingerprint belongs to Jason Bourne. She notes the other names of personnel listed in the files and decides to contact CIA Chief Ward Abbott (Brian Cox), asking to meet with him. When they meet, Abbott denies knowing anything about a program called Treadstone. He quickly learns she Landy knows all about it, having acquired the level 5 clearance, including that he was very much involved, so he tells her that as far as he knows, Jason Bourne was long dead. When she tells him about the men killed in Berlin recently, and Bourne's fingerprint found at the scene, he appears to become very concerned. Based on what was found on the hard drive of a laptop computer belonging to the deceased Alexander Conklin, the former head of Treadstone, Landy tells the people she's working with, including her boss and Abbott, that Bourne and Conklin may have been involved in some sort of lucrative venture together (Conklin had a personal bank account with $760,000 in it), and that Bourne appeared to still be involved in whatever it was, so that's why he'd resurfaced. While Landy is briefing her superior and the other staff, an agent comes in and says Bourne's passport showed up in the system in Naples, Italy. Landy tells Abbott that the stolen files contained information about the CIA agent who was suspected to have stolen the $20 million from the CIA, and there was a Russian politician, Vladimir Neski, who was prepared to identify the thief, but before he could do so, he was killed by his wife in a Berlin hotel, in a murder-suicide. Based on the fingerprint, Landy believes Bourne killed the CIA officer and the source in Berlin, so Abbott and Landy set out to capture him. When Bourne arrives in Naples, Italy, he is detained by an Italian Carabinieri officer and CIA interrogator, John Nevins (Tim Griffin). Bourne stays mute, frustrating Nevins. Tom Cronin (Tom Gallop) calls from the CIA in Langley and tells Nevins that Bourne is an agency priority target. Bourne senses trouble from what he hears Nevins say, and responds intuitively, reacting before Nevins can bring his gun to bear, taking down both Nevins and the officer in the room. After quickly copying the Nevin's phone SIM card onto his own cell phone, Bourne escapes. That SIM allowed Bourne to listen in on a call to Nevin's from Landy and he learns her name and phone number, then finds out that he is suspected in the recent killings in Berlin. As Landy is planning to get on a plane to Europe, Abbott warns her that she's getting into more than she can deal with. Cronin, their boss, orders Abbott to go with her and to put a stop to Bourne's activities. Bourne steals a car and heads to Munich. As he drives, he has more flashbacks, involving Conklin and a man and woman he'd shot to death. In Amsterdam, Netherlands, Abbott finds Nicky Parsons (Julia Stiles), the gal who worked in Paris for three years. She was specifically tasked with monitoring the agents assigned to Treadstone. Landy forces Nicky to go to Italy with Abbott and Landy, considering her critical to their attempts to capture Bourne. In Berlin, the CIA office has video of Bourne at the airport. One agent figures Bourne has made a big mistake by being so careless, but Nicky tells him that Treadstone agents don't make mistakes, that if Bourne is able to be tracked, it's because he wants to be. Bourne finds and interrogates the only other remaining Treadstone agent, Jarda (Marton Csokas), who tells him that the project was shut down following Conklin's death. Jarda most likely had been forewarned about Bourne, and they end up having a huge fight, in which Bourne emerges victorious, by strangling Jarda to death. Bourne then creates a leak in the house's natural gas supply and puts a magazine into the toaster to slowly heat up and create a flame. The subsequent explosion slows down arriving police and allows Jason to escape. Bourne searches hotels in Berlin until he finds where Pamela Landy is registered. He watches until she leaves and follows in a taxi. He goes to the top of a building, opposite of the one she enters, and sets up a rifle and scope. With Landy in his sights, he dials her cell phone and asks her if she's running Treadstone. She tells him Treadstone had been shut down, and he knew it. She then asks him if he remembers killing two people in Berlin. Bourne tells Landy he wants to come in. He then sees Nicky come into view and tells Landy that he wants them to send "that girl from Paris" to meet him and bring him in. When Landy asks what if she can't find that girl, Bourne says, "she's standing right next to you." That freaks them out as they immediately look out the windows to try and pick up on where he is. Abbott and Nicky want snipers positioned to kill Bourne when he meets with Nicky. Landy wants him alive, so she can learn what he knows about the Neski case, but after Abbott has a private conversation with her, she does decide to go ahead and position the snipers. Nicky is given Landy's cell phone, per Bourne's instructions. Bourne calls and directs Nicky to board a streetcar, which he's also on. He escorts her off the streetcar before any of the tailing CIA men can get to her, and before any of the snipers can see him. He takes her down into the subway, to a room out of public view, interrogating her along the way, and inside the room. Nicky is able to prompt a bit more memory in Bourne's mind, about a Russian politician named Neski. When he asks her when he was in Berlin, she tells him he was never in Berlin. He is convinced she's lying and becomes so upset that he nearly shoots her, but he also senses that she's telling the truth, as far as she knows things to be, so he ends up leaving her and taking off again. Upon overhearing the conversation between Nicky and Bourne (Nicky was wired), Landy begins to believe that Bourne really can't remember killing the two men in Berlin, or that maybe he didn't actually do it. Abbott becomes increasingly agitated that Bourne can't be caught or killed. Bourne goes to a library and finds articles about the Neski murders, which occurred at the Brecker Hotel in Berlin. He decides to go there. Abbott's young associate, Danny Zorn, takes Abbott down to the electrical breaker room, in the Berlin building where the killings occurred, and shows him how the explosive charges that were set were done in a way that was unnecessary, and that he thinks Bourne wouldn't have done such a thing, therefore, it's possible that Bourne and Conklin were being framed. Abbott asks Zorn to show him how the explosives were set again. When Zorn was focused on the electrical connections again, Abbott grabbed him and stabbed him to death. Bourne arrives at the Brecker Hotel and goes to the room of the murder. He is able to remember being sent to kill Neski, on Conklin's orders, and that Neski's wife unexpectedly showed up. He remembers shooting them both, then putting the gun in the wife's hand to make it look like a murder-suicide. Bourne is able to escape the police, who'd been called after a desk employee recognized him from a wanted poster, by climbing up a firewater pipe outside the building. The police on the street see and recognize him and give chase. He barely evades capture several times, eventually jumping off a bridge onto a river barge, hurting his left leg, then uses a grappling hook to pull himself up onto another bridge. He is able to limp over to a streetcar and make his escape. Abbott is shocked to learn that Bourne let Nicky go, unharmed. He feigns concern to an associate about where Zorn might be, and wonders aloud about why Bourne might have come to the Hotel Brecker. Landy recognizes the room Bourne was in as being the Neski murder room. She no longer believes that Bourne killed the Neskis. She receives word that Danny Zorn's body was found. Abbott calls Gretkov and tells him that his CIA associates are on to the facts about Neski. He emphasizes that Gretkov must kill Bourne, or their involvement in the theft of the $20 million would be revealed. Gretkov tells Abbott that he isn't obligated to do anything anymore, and hangs up on Abbott. Bourne then appears behind Abbott. Abbott admits everything to Bourne. Bourne thrusts his pistol up against Abbott's head and demands to know why they just couldn't leave him alone after Treadstone ended. Abbott tells Bourne that it's just the way things had to be, that Bourne was a killer and always would be, so he likely wouldn't ever be left completely alone. Abbott tells Bourne to go ahead and shoot him, but Bourne says Marie wouldn't want him to, so it's because of her that he didn't shoot. He then shows Abbott that he has been recording the conversation. Before Bourne leaves the room, he sets a pistol on the desk next to Abbott. Landy walks in on Abbott to find him holding the pistol, pointed at her. Abbott tells her that the work he did for the CIA was a result of his patriotism. When she asked about Danny, Abbott called that "collateral damage." When she asks Abbott what they do now, he turns the pistol on himself and shoots. As Landy listens to the tape recording that Bourne got to her, she continues to work with her people to try and track him down. He's headed for Moscow, where Gretkov is in the process of tracking down Kirill to let him know Jason Bourne was still alive. Bourne takes a taxi to the address of Vladimir Neski's daughter. A woman was outside sweeping the front steps, and Bourne approaches her. She tells him that the Neski girl had moved, and she gives him the new address. Meanwhile, the police are aware that Bourne's in Moscow and are busy passing around wanted posters. One of the other taxi drivers recognizes him and tells police which taxi driver he went with. The police, and Kirill, simultaneously close in on the neighborhood where Bourne is. Bourne hears the sirens and begins walking. Kirill sees him first, jumps out, and shoots, hitting Jason on top of his shoulder. The police arrive and detain Kirill, not knowing who he was, only that he was shooting at somebody. That gives Bourne time to slip away again. When Kirill shows his i.d. to the police, he is let go and he again takes off after Bourne, this time on foot. Some other policemen on the street recognize Bourne as he enters a market to get some items for his wound. Bourne forces one of the cops down to the floor and walks out of the market. As some other police approach him outside, he knocks them out and steals a taxi cab. Kirill sees what's happened and commandeers a vehicle from woman and gives chase. As Jason drives away, he checks a map he stole at the market to get a quick idea of the road patterns in the area, and where it was he needed to go. He then has to focus his full attention to his pursuers, which are many, in the subsequent furious and violent car chase. The chase reaches it's climax when Bourne and Kirill are slamming their vehicles into each other, side by side, as they travel at high speed in a congested tunnel. Bourne shoots out the tires of Kirill's vehicle, causing it to turn sideways. Bourne's vehicle t-bones it and pushes it into a concrete support divider. He gets out of his car with his pistol at the ready, but doesn't need to shoot, as Kirill is extensively injured and dying. Gretkov is arrested by Russian police, after Landy provides them with the evidence she got from Bourne. Bourne continues on to find Irena Neski (Oksana Akinshina). He breaks into her apartment and is waiting when she comes home. He is holding his gun, has blood on his hand, and is sitting in a chair in the dark. When she turns on the light and sees him, she is obviously frightened, but he tells her to not scream, and that he won't hurt her. Bourne tells Irena that she's older than he thought she'd be. He knows she has been living with the belief that her mother killed her father and then killed herself. Bourne has tears in his eyes as he tells Irena that it was him who killed her parents. He tells her it was his job, his first time, and that her father was supposed to be alone. When her mother appeared, he had to change his plan. He tells her he's sorry. Irena has tears in her eyes, but doesn't speak as Bourne quietly walks out of her apartment. In New York City, Bourne contacts Landy to ask why the CIA was still looking for him. Landy thanks Bourne for supplying the tape, which the CIA had used to settle matters concerning his frame-up. She apologizes to Bourne (off the record), then tells Bourne that his real name is David Webb, and that he was born in Missouri on April 15, 1971. She wants him to come in so they can talk more about that. Bourne declines Landy's offer, then tells her she should get some rest, as she looks tired. She turns to look out the window, but he's gone, out into the crowded streets. 