nm0002871:

 Kin Dread (2021)Summaries An anti-social sound designer with retrograde amnesia discovers a string of murders in his building but when the carnage triggers memories of his mysterious past, he races to stop the killer before losing those he loves most. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Palermo Connection (1990)Summaries Carmine Bonavia wins election as the mayor of New York on a promise to legalize drugs. After the election, he marries Carrie and goes to his ancestral home of Sicily for their honeymoon. In his hotel, he meets Il Principe, a Sicilian prince who has spent years confined to the hotel because he crossed the Mafia. Amid the beauties of Sicily Carmine discovers that men of power will stop at nothing to prevent the legalization of drugs, which threatens their business. Peter Reiher It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pearl: A Fashion Film by Brandon Jameson (2017)Summaries A young girl sees the beauty of life through the eyes of her Grandmother. Right Where It Belongs Treasure without measure, a peach-hued pearl necklace, an heirloom passed on for three generations, is in my possession, wrapped in purple velvet inside a white satin jewelry bag drawn and tied with white braided cord, right where it belongs, safe, secure, in my dresser unless I wear it for special occasions. Often admired for its rare beauty, I'm proud to say it was my great grandmother's set of pearls, standing the test of time, handled lovingly and gently by her, by my mother, now me. Sean Hargraves It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Giovanni's World of Music (1995)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 