nm0006931:

 Robot Ninja (1989)Summaries A scientist helps a comic-book artist to become the superhero he has created in order to battle a vicious gang of rapists. Leonard Miller is a frustrated artist. His publisher and his agent are out to capitalize on the blooming success of "Robot Ninja," the greatest costumed superhero since Batman! One night, Miller witnesses the brutal rape/murder of a young couple at the hands of ruthless thugs. He cries out for revenge! With the help of an inventor friend, Dr. Goodknight, Miller becomes the Robot Ninja, stalking the dark streets of Ridgway, intent on spilling some blood! The only thing stopping him is a remorseful Goodknight and a frustrated local cop that's always just one step behind him. ROBOT NINJA slashes, stabs, guts, pokes and jabs his way through body after body until his final confrontation with head baddie Sanchez. You'll never see comic books the same way again! Yocke It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ozone (1993)Summaries While ambushing a drug-dealer, Detective Eddie Boone (James Black) is injected in a fight against the dealer with a new drug called Ozone, which transforms the users in powerful zombies. His partner and friend Mike Weitz (Tom Hoover) is kidnapped by a group of Ozone addicted. Eddie tries to find Mike in the streets, fighting against the zombies and having several hallucinations due to the effect drug in his blood. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Humanoids from Atlantis (1992)Summaries Film maker Ken Adams has received financing for his first documentary on a local lake. Unfortunately, the assignment will put him and his partner Julie on a collision course with the last survivor of the aquatic city of Atlantis. Aspiring Film maker Ken Adams has just received financing for his first professional documentary on the city's local lake. What he doesn't know is that the assignment will put him and his partner Julie on a collision course with the last survivor from the long lost aquatic city of Atlantis. Teaming up with a Scientist who has been studying the creature, the team must hunt down the being before he dies due to a lack of radiation. The team eventually track the beast down, and a thrilling chase and fight scene occur showing once and for all who is the dominant species in the epic battle between man and mutant. TYTD Reviews It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Polymorph (1996)Summaries Alien ship crash-lands on Earth and the creature inside starts taking over people's bodies. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 