nm0003115:

 Family Guy (1999 )77) In a wacky Rhode Island town, a dysfunctional family strive to cope with everyday life as they are thrown from one crazy scenario to another. Sick, twisted and politically incorrect, the animated series features the adventures of the Griffin family. Endearingly ignorant Peter and his stay-at-home wife Lois reside in Quahog, R.I., and have three kids. Meg, the eldest child, is a social outcast, and teenage Chris is awkward and clueless when it comes to the opposite sex. The youngest, Stewie, is a genius baby bent on killing his mother and destroying the world. The talking dog, Brian, keeps Stewie in check while sipping martinis and sorting through his own life issues. Jwelch5742 Meet the Griffins, a family of 6 living in Rhode Island. Peter with the responsibility to put the family together from their daily dilemma. Loius a witty house wife. Meg the eldest child who's anti-social, Chris a grotesque teenager, Stewie their baby brother with eerie intensions to ravage the world and Brian their dog the smartest of them all in the house. Every scene contains humor and wit to get you laughing the whole time. Hardy The Griffin household includes two teenagers, a cynical dog who is smarter than everyone else, and an evil baby who makes numerous attempts to eradicate his mother. Heading up this eclectic household is Peter Griffin. Peter does his best to do what's right for the family, but along the way, he makes mistakes that are the stuff of legends. Ronos The Griffin household includes two parents Peter and Lois, two teenagers Chris and Meg, a dog who is smarter than everyone else in the house Brian, and a mutant baby Stewie who makes numerous attempts to eradicate his parents and siblings. Corey Semple <Superman2002> The wacky, occasionally irreverent misadventures of a Rhode Island family whose number includes a morbidly obese moron; his martini loving, genius dog; his sexpot wife; his gigantic thirteen year old son; his whiny, awkward daughter; and his homicidal infant son. Jojo Mac Family Guy revolves around a less than normal family in a less than normal world. With absurd and often spontaneous events this show will keep you laughing from the it starts up until it ends. The family Consists of six members Peter the father, Lois the mother, Stewie the homicidal baby, Chris the son, meg the daughter and Brian the dog who is often the smartest out of all of them. TJB It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Schooled (20192020)Summaries A spinoff of The Goldbergs set in the 1990s that follows the faculty of William Penn Academy who, despite their eccentricities and crazy personal lives, are heroes to their students. A spin-off of The Goldbergs, Schooled is set in the 1990s and follows the faculty of William Penn Academy - led by Principal Glascott, Coach Mellor and Lainey Lewis - who, despite their eccentricities and crazy personal lives, are heroes to their students. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Step by Step (19911998)Summaries Two families become one, step by step. Frank Lambert is a construction worker and a single father of 3 kids: J.T., Alicia "Al", and Brendan. Carol Foster, a beautician, also has 3 children: Dana, Karen, and Mark. After Frank and Carol run into each other on vacation and spontaneously get married, they and their children (who appeared to have known and hated each other) have to learn to live together and love each other. It's not easy, but they are trying to do this step by step. Boris Shafir <shafir@hsi.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Goldbergs (2013 )Summaries This ABC show takes place in Jenkintown, Pennsylvania in the 1980s and follows the lives of a family named The Goldbergs. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 