nm0005160:

 Legally Blonde (2001)Summaries Elle Woods, a fashionable sorority queen, is dumped by her boyfriend. She decides to follow him to law school. While she is there, she figures out that there is more to her than just looks. Elle Woods ( Reese Witherspoon ) has it all. She's the President of her sorority, a Hawaiian Tropic girl, Miss June in her campus calendar, and, above all, a natural blonde. She dates the cutest fraternity boy on campus and wants nothing more than to be Mrs. Warner Huntington III. But, there's just one thing stopping Warner ( Matthew Davis ) from popping the question: Elle is too blonde. Growing up across the street from Aaron Spelling might mean something in Los Angeles, California, but nothing to Warner's East-Coast blue blood family. So, when Warner packs up for Harvard Law and reunites with an old sweetheart from prep school, Elle rallies all her resources and gets into Harvard, determined to win him back. But law school is a far cry from the comforts of her poolside and the mall. Elle must wage the battle of her life, for her guy, for herself and for all the blondes who suffer endless indignities everyday. vanessawhistler1971@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 House on Haunted Hill (1999)431) An amusement park mogul offers a group of diverse people $1,000,000 to spend the night in a haunted house with a horrifying past. When an eccentric millionaire offer a group of opposites $1,000,000 to spend the night in a so called "Haunted House" with a murderous past, they figure it is a quick way to get quick money and leave. All of them are sure it is some made up story just to mess with their heads a little and test their courage. But, once they stay in the house they start to think about the mistake they made in coming there when mysterious things start to happen. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> How far would you go for a million dollars? Would you spend the night in a haunted house? When twisted billionaire Stephen Price and his devilish wife, Evelyn, offer six strangers one million dollars each, there is only one rule to the game: they'll have to survive one night in a former mental institution, haunted by the ghosts of the inmates killed there, and an insane doctor who did unspeakable things... At first, everyone is having fun, thinking that the whole thing is a joke. But once the entire house automatically seals itself shut, they realize that this is no joke. Robert Rosado <valentine@love-hurts.org> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is set in an abandoned asylum, the Vannacutt Psychiatric Institute for the Criminally Insane, where numerous murders were committed in the 1940s and 50s. The head of the facility, Dr. Richard B. Vannacutt, performed grotesque experiments and medical procedures on the patients, killing many in the process. The hospital was closed when some of the so-called "patients" escaped, killing almost the entire staff and burning the hospital. Vannacutt had rigged the building with numerous iron gates, activated by cranks and levers, to serve as barriers to keep patients from leaving the building, should they escape; some of these were controlled by huge, clock-like timers that wouldn't open for twelve hours. During the fire, he released these gates, keeping the inmates, employees and the fire itself contained. After several unexplained deaths during reconstruction of the facility, it was dubbed "The House on Haunted Hill". Present day. Stephen Price is an eccentric amusement park mogul whom has a disintegrating marriage to Evelyn, his spoiled trophy wife. Stephen's wicked sense of humor has caused a strain between him and his wife, each of whom would gladly kill the other. Evelyn fancies spectacular parties, so Stephen leases the house from the owner, Watson Pritchett, for Evelyn's Halloween birthday bash. Evelyn gives Stephen a guest list two pages long; he shreds it to spite her and then creates one of his own. The five people who show up for the party: model Jennifer Jenzen (aka: Sara Wolfe), Eddie Baker, Melissa Margaret Marr, Dr. Donald Blackburn and Pritchett himself, aren't the ones that he invited. Neither Evelyn nor Stephen know who they are. Despite this, Price continues the party's theme, offering a million dollars to anyone who stays in the house and survives until morning, with any person not making it having his money added to the pot. Shortly after arriving, the security gates are tripped, locking everyone inside and forcing them to remain there until the gates unlock in the morning. Price scolds Carl Schecter--a company employee, who has developed a series of harmless traps to scare the guestsfor not letting him know he planned to pull a stunt like that. Schecter said it wasn't him who did it. Price is then convinced his wife did it somehow. Shortly after, Melissa is killed by one of the ghosts when she wanders off into the basement of the house. It's revealed that the spirits themselves created the guest list specifically to include the descendants of five members of Vannacutt's staff who didn't die in the long-ago fire. Also, it is revealed that Evelyn and Blackburn are in working together to bring down Stephen. Evelyn then kills Blackburn and uses his body to frame Stephen. After a deranged Stephen attempts to kill Evelyn for orchestrating his murder plot, the two accidentally unleash the Darkness of the house when he throws her through an ancient and decayed door. The Darkness is a dark, shape-shifting creature composed of all the spirits in the house, led by Dr. Vannacutt; this force comes after and tries to kill all the remaining guests. It starts by assimilating Evelyn into itself, killing her while Price watches in horror. The Darkness reveals how the evil souls that comprise it want to feed on all those "who are responsible". Upstairs, Pritchett, Eddie and Sara are trying to open one of the iron gates on the windows when they hear Price's screams from down the hall. Pritchett investigates, while the Darkness catches up with Price on the other side of the door; he jumps out of the way at the exact same moment when Pritchett opens the door and the Darkness kills him and flows away. Price runs through the hall while Sara and Eddie follow, trying to figure out how he's alive when Sara supposedly shot him (answer: a bullet-proof vest). Price tells them that what Pritchett's been saying all along is true: the house is alive and killed everyone. He figures that the only way to get out is to go to the attic and try and escape through there. Price runs ahead of them to activate them while Sara and Eddie stay behind. The Darkness seeps through the house and tries to kill them. As they are running up the stairs to the attic Sara trips, and the Darkness uses Melissa's form to try to lure her to it. Price by then has activated a pulley that reveals an opening in the window of the attic. Eddie and Sara get there, while the Darkness seeps up the cracks of the wooden floor, and Sara lingers while Eddie goes to the opening. Eddie looks back from the window to find that the Darkness had arrived and is attempting to sever the rope that keeps the iron gate open. While Eddie rushes back to get Sara, the Darkness tries to kill her but instead kills Price, who had sacrificed his life to get Sara out of the way. Sara escapes just as the iron gate comes crashing down, trapping Eddie with the Darkness. The Darkness then confronts Eddie and brings up charges against his ancestor's actions. Eddie then screams that he was actually adopted. At the sound of this, Pritchett's ghost appears and frees Eddie by pulling the rope needed to open the iron gate, at which Sara pulls Eddie through as the Darkness is about to kill him. After he is pulled through, the gate shuts, Pritchett's ghost disappears and the Darkness disappears into nothingness. As Sara and Eddie sit in exhaustion over the night's events, they notice that an envelope has been pushed through the gate, containing five checks for $1 million each. They smile and enjoy the rays of the sun. It ends with Sara asking, "One more thing, how do we get down from here?" as they are several hundred feet above the ground and there's no exit. 
 Twister (I) (1996)541) Bill and Jo Harding, advanced storm chasers on the brink of divorce, must join together to create an advanced weather alert system by putting themselves in the cross-hairs of extremely violent tornadoes. TV weatherman Bill Harding is trying to get his tornado-hunter wife, Jo, to sign divorce papers so he can marry his girlfriend Melissa. But Mother Nature, in the form of a series of intense storms sweeping across Oklahoma, has other plans. Soon the three have joined the team of stormchasers as they attempt to insert a revolutionary measuring device into the very heart of several extremely violent tornados. Martin H. Booda <booda@datasync.com> The year is 1969. In Oklahoma County, thunderstorms roll across an open plain, and in a remote farmhouse young Jo and her family are about to go to sleep, but her father is watching a tornado warning on TV. The TV warns that the imminent tornado may be an F5, the strongest known. Not long after the family reaches the storm cellar the huge twister hits, passing right over top of them & killing her father. 27 years later, Jo is now a storm scientist, trying to develop a tornado warning system with her soon-to-be-ex, Bill Harding. Multiple attempts fail for one reason or another, and their team sees a tremendous amount of damage & death. Then, one time, they find themselves In the damage path of a huge F5 tornado. Can they succeed in launching their test equipment, then escape the deadly storm in time? Medic249a2 When Bill goes to have Jo sign the divorce papers so he can marry his new girl, Melissa, Jo finds a collection of record breaking tornados and Bill follows along, soon his duties shift from divorcing Jo to helping her with record breaking technology to create a better warning system. Joe Kibler <Jkibler01@earthlink.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In June 1969, a young family takes shelter from an impending tornado. The father, in an attempt to save his family, tries to hold the storm cellar door down, but gets sucked into the tornado and killed. Watching in horror are the man's wife and his daughter Jo, who, despite the horror of the storm and losing her father, is entranced by the funnel. The film cuts to the present day and meteorologists at the National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) are discussing a building storm system over Oklahoma which could produce a record outbreak of tornadoes. Meanwhile, retired storm chaser Bill Harding (Bill Paxton) and his fiance Dr. Melissa Reeves (Jami Gertz) are heading out to meet Bills former storm-chasing team to get the final divorce papers from Bills soon to be ex-wife, Dr. Jo Harding (Helen Hunt) who, since the day her father died, has sworn to hunt down as many tornadoes as possible, not wanting the same fate to happen to someone else. Besides Jo, the team consists of the eccentric Dusty Davis (Philip Seymour Hoffman), Robert Rabbit Nurick (Alan Ruck) navigator, Laurence (Jeremy Davies) photographer, Joey (Joey Slotnick), Alan Sanders (Sean Whalen) Rabbits driver, Tim "Beltzer" Lewis (Todd Field), Haynes (Wendle Jospeher) who rides with Beltzer, and Jason "Preacher" Rowe (Scott Thomson). Jo, who is still in love with Bill, tries to stall because she does not want the marriage to end. Jo then tells Bill she wanted him out on the field because his idea for a tornado-analyzing device called 'Dorothy' has been built. They will put it in the path of a tornado to measure it from inside. Four of the so-called "Dorothy" weather machines have been built. Haynes tells them of storm activity, and they head out. Bills rival team shows up, led by Dr. Jonas Miller (Cary Elwes) with his assistant Eddie (Zach Grenier). According to Bill, Jonas is in the storm-chasing business "for the money, not the science." Bill sees Jonas giving an interview to some local reporters and finds out that Jonas has stolen his idea for the Dorothy weather machine, building his own version called D.O.T. 3, or Digital Orphagraphic Telemeter. Bill accuses him of stealing his idea, but Jonas says it was an "unrealized idea." Bill decides to stay with the team for one day in an attempt to beat Jonas. Bill's team heads out and Bill and Jo have a frank discussion of their marriage. Beltzer notices a small tornado, an F1, touching down in a nearby field and alerts the team. Jo and Bill drive into a ditch to get in front of it, but cannot get out of the ditch as the tornado closes in. They crash into a small wooden bridge and take cover under it. Jo wants to see the tornado up close, but Bill stops her just as the tornado lifts Jo's truck off the ground. Jo's truck falls in front of Melissa, who is driving Bill's truck. She drives around it, narrowly missing a collision. Bill comforts her as Jo inspects the damage and takes some of the sensors from the destroyed Dorothy 1 machine. Jonas' team shows up but is too late to see the storm and keeps driving. Jo, with no truck of her own, manages to convince Bill to use his new truck to haul the Dorothy machines. Bill's team heads out again as Bill, Jo, and Melissa ride in his truck. Another tornado, a slightly larger F2, has touched down, and both Bill's team and Jonas's team are heading to intercept it. Bill believes the tornado will shift its track, and his team heads off on a back road. Bill soon drives onto a bridge and they are caught in some waterspouts, which spin the truck. The team arrives just after the incident and while Jo celebrates with the team, Melissa breaks down, questioning Bill's old lifestyle. The team goes to visit Jo's aunt, Meg Greene (Lois Smith), in the nearby town of Wakita, Oklahoma to rest and eat. Meg tells Jo privately that Jo's marriage with Bill ended because, "He didn't keep his part of the bargain." As the team is watching TV, it mentions an F3 tornado is active, and the team heads out. Bill and Jo drive together in his truck, and Melissa rides with Dusty in his converted schoolbus. They almost crash into Jonas' team in an attempt to beat them. Bill's team attempts to figure out where the tornado is because according to their computers, it is heading towards them on the same road. Bill and Jo realize it is over a hill, and they go through a hailstorm to find it. Upon finding the tornado, Bill and Jo try to set up Dorothy 2, but run out of time. A power pole falls on the truck, ruining Dorothy 2. The tornado then lifts back into the clouds. Jo attempts to gather the scattered sensors, but Bill, realizing that the tornado has not dissipated but is simply back-building, pulls her into the truck as the tornado drops once more. They drive to a safe distance, where Jo jumps out of the truck and again attempts to gather the scattered sensors. She grows angry about Bill's attempt to stop her, but Bill tells Jo she is obsessed to succeed with Dorothy to prevent what happened to her family from happening again. He also tells her he still has feelings for her. Melissa and Jo's whole team hear their conversation over the CB radio. That evening, Bill's team heads to a drive-in theater, where Jo signs the divorce papers, while Melissa is in a motel room across the road watching a weather report of more tornadoes nearby. Dusty is watching the radar. Both Melissa's TV and the TV at the concession stand lose their reception as Dusty warns Bill that an F4 tornado is heading right for them. Everyone takes shelter in the pit of a car mechanic's garage while Jo watches it approach, spellbound, much like she had when she was a girl when her father was killed, until Bill's shouting breaks her trance and she gets the theatre employees to take cover. The tornado obliterates the theater, destroying several of the team's vehicles and Preacher is hurt when he is hit in the head by a flying hubcap. The tornado passes, and the team emerges to inspect the damage. Dusty looks at the radar to find that the same tornado is now heading directly for Wakita. Bill tells Melissa they are leaving to check on Aunt Meg, and Melissa peacefully breaks up with him, saying that she does not want to compete with his need to chase tornadoes. She tells him she is not at all upset about breaking up, knowing that their relationship would have ended sooner or later, and assures Bill that Jo needs him more. Upon arriving in Wakita, they find the town is destroyed, and Jo realizes there had been no warning. Bill and Jo find Megs home on the verge of collapse. Upon entering, they find Meg pinned underneath a bookshelf. Jo and Bill rescue her and her dog Mose before the house collapses. Meg manages to escape the tornado with nothing more than "a bump on the head" and a broken wrist, and is taken to a hospital. Before leaving, she tells Jo that she needs to succeed to make sure what happened to Wakita doesn't happen again. Dusty listens to the radio, hearing that meteorologists are predicting rare F5 tornadoes. Jo comes up with a way to make Dorothy work while watching some wind chimes. She has Bill's team fabricate pinwheels out of aluminum cans, and attaches them to the sensors with screws to make them fly. A few hours later, as dawn begins to break, Bill and Jo come alongside a huge, mile-wide F5 tornado in the countryside. They put Dorothy 3 on the road in front of the tornado and then back up, but the winds push Dorothy around, and then a tree knocks Dorothy 3 over, scattering the sensors. The storm turns toward Bill and Jo, and they attempt to drive away. They become stuck when a tree wedges underneath the back end of their truck. A tanker fuel truck is pushed along the road toward their truck by the tornado, and knocks them free before exploding. Bill drives around the wreckage through the fireball, narrowly avoiding catastrophe. Bill drives ahead of the tornado, dodging as it drops farm vehicles on the road in front of him. They end up driving through a small house that is rolled by the tornado onto the road. As Bill and Jo drive away, Jonas and Eddie ride to intercept the tornado and place their D.O.T. 3 pack. Jo and Bill, noticing that Jonas is driving too close to the tornado, warn him to change course but he ignores them. Eddie wants to heed Bill's warning, but Jonas orders him to keep driving. The tornado hurls a section of a TV tower through their windshield, impaling Eddie. Both teams watch in horror as Jonas's truck is lifted up by the tornado and thrown into the ground where it explodes, killing both Eddie and Jonas. Bill and Jo then conclude there is one last option left. They head toward a new intercept point, turn on Dorothy 4 without releasing it from its moorings on the truckbed, and then drive the truck straight at the tornado. With the truck on cruise control they jump out, letting it drive into the center of the tornado where it successfully deploys Dorothy 4. The team starts to celebrate as the Dorothy sensors work, analyzing the inside of the tornado, but then notice the tornado shifting. Bill and Jo notice it as well and flee to a nearby farm. They first take cover in a barn, but it is filled with sharp metal tools. It destroys the barn, and they dodge debris as they run to take cover in a small outbuilding. They find metal pipes inside this shelter and tie themselves to the pipes with leather belts. The tornado destroys the structure, and they are pulled upside down while anchored to the pipes. They manage to see the inside of the F5 tornado as it passes over them. It is filled with lighting and a smaller tornado in the core. Seconds later, the entire storm dissipates, and the family from the farm comes out of their underground storm shelter and observe their damaged farm. Bill and Jo debate who will run the lab and who will analyze the new data from Dorothy while the rest of the team arrives. The movie ends with Bill & Jo reconciling their relationship with a kiss, while the team celebrates their accomplishment. 
 Hot Tub Time Machine 2 (2015)431) When Lou's shot in the groin, Nick and Jacob drag him in the Hot Tub Time Machine to go back in time and save Lou. The three end up 10 years in the future, where they need to go to find the shooter. When Lou gets killed, Nick and Jacob fire up the hot tub time machine to get back to the past, but they inadvertently land in the future with Adam Jr. Now they have to alter the future in order to save the past, which is really the present. Movie Guy Five years after the events of the first film, Lou Dorchen and Nick Webber have become rich and famous, with Lou becoming a multi-billionaire and Nick being a successful music singer. At Lou's celebratory party, Lou is shot in the groin. Jacob (Lou's son) and Nick drag him to the hot tub time machine and activate it to travel back in time to find and stop the killer. When they awaken they find themselves ten years in the future, where Jacob is in charge of Lou's mansion. After determining that they are in an alternate time-line where Lou's killer is from this future, they go to their friend Adam Yates's home, only to meet his son Adam Yates Stedmeyer (Adam Jr.) who is engaged to a girl named Jill.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with an episode of the TV series "American Success Story" documenting the lives of the main characters since the last movie. Lou Dorchen (Rob Corddry) has become a mogul with his Lougle empire and his side band Motley Lou. Nick Webber (Craig Robinson) has become a popular musician mainly because he's made hit songs from the present before the actual artists could make it themselves. Lou's son Jacob (Clark Duke) hates his father and doesn't really want to be associated with him. Nick also mentions their buddy Adam Yates (John Cusack), who wrote a bestselling book and is currently going on a trip of self-discovery. Nick is seen recording a music video for the song "Stay", which he ripped off of Lisa Loeb and incorporated his own lyrics. The real Lisa Loeb works as his cat wrangler and mentions that the song feels personal to her. Nick quietly apologizes for stealing the song. Lou joins his employees in the board room with his employees, all of whom are sick of his man-child schtick. One of the employees, Brad (Kumail Nanjiani), points out that the company is going down hard, but Lou doesn't care. He brags about going making his success through time travel, while Brad retreats to the lab to find a way to save the company. Lou hosts a big party that night in his mansion. He makes Jacob act as a butler. Jacob spots the pretty coat-check girl, Sophie (Bianca Haase), and tries to talk to her, yet she thinks he really is just a butler. At the bar, Nick and Lou are approached by an old schoolmate, Gary Winkle (Jason Jones), who is a total loser. He tries to convince Lou to buy a piece of land from him, which Lou declines. Nick also upsets his wife Courtney (Kellee Stewart) since she wanted to go to her sister's home, but Nick always makes her go wherever he wants. Moments later, Lou goes up the stairs and makes a big speech where he tells everyone to do things for themselves and to forget everyone else, to everyone's dismay, including Lou's wife Kelly (Collette Wolfe). The lights go out, and a gunshot rings out. Somebody has shot Lou in the dick. He tumbles down the stairs bleeding profusely. Nick and Jacob grab him and pull him up the stairs. Jacob pulls a switch shaped like a squirrel, taking the guys to the deck outside to reveal the hot tub time machine. Jacob grabs a vial of nitrotrinadium and puts it in the hot tub, setting it to send them back to stop Lou's killer. Jacob also happens to spot Adam's trench coat lying by the tub. They also get blackout drunk to set the mood properly. When the guys wake up, Nick and Jacob find Lou unconscious. They think he's dead, until he farts and yells that his dick is still in place. They enter the home to find it looking a lot more lavish and clean. They look up and see a portrait of Jacob, older and more bald. Sophie enters the room topless and kisses Jacob. The guys deduce this is now Jacob's place, and that they've jumped ten years into the future. They look in the mirror and see their older selves. They run back to the hot tub, only to find that there is no more nitro left. The hot tub repairman (Chevy Chase) then shows up out of nowhere to explain that they are stuck there without nitro. Jacob then figures out that they must be in an alternate timeline, and that Lou's killer must be from the future. The guys walk the streets to see that not a lot has changed in the future (besides the dog behind them riding a hoverboard). They sit down and briefly mention how Adam would be there to solve the problem. Jacob brings up seeing Adam's coat at the party, leading Lou to think that Adam tried to kill him. The three go to Adam's home to find another man living there. His name is Adam Yates-Steadmeyer (Adam Scott), the son of Adam and his old girlfriend Jenny. Adam Jr. is excited to see Nick and Jacob, but he has no idea who Lou is. The guys explain their relation to him and their situation. They meet Adam Jr.'s fiance Jill (Gillian Jacobs). She and Adam Jr. are both fans of Nick and his "Webber Strut" (something Nick came up with to apologize for ripping off other artists) and she offhandedly mentions to Nick that he's fallen on hard times, something he isn't aware of. The guys, joined by Adam Jr., continue their mission, when Adam Jr. summons a smart car that runs on emotions. Lou behaves rudely around it, causing the smart car to secretly plot to kill Lou. Lou spots a building with Gary's face on it, making him think he tried to kill him and steal his success. He runs in the building and tackles Gary, but Gary explains that Lou not buying the land from him actually helped him turn a profit. He invites the guys to his nightclub, where he tells Nick he's sorry to hear about him and Courtney, something else that Nick isn't aware of. Lou does cocaine while Adam Jr. requests the strongest thing in the place. Gary gives him a new drug called "the electric ladybug". He has the shot girl stick it on Adam Jr.'s neck, and he advises him not to take it off for 24 hours. Adam Jr. then experiences an intense high throughout the night. At one point he calls Jill and tells her he's a god. The guys are picked up the next day to go to a popular game show, Choozy Doozy, with Nick as the special guest. Adam Jr. calls Jill again and states that the experience from the previous night led him to realize that most of what he's said and done through his life is a life, to her shock. The host (Christian Slater) tells the audience to pick something for Nick to do. After three other choices, Lou yells "FUCK A DUDE!" Naturally, that's what the audience chooses, but since Lou "choosed" it, he must "dooze" it. He and Nick are put in a virtual reality simulator where they are forced to have sex or get shocked by 10,000 volts of electricity. Lou chooses a lifeline and makes Adam Jr. take his place, something that Jill watches on TV. Following this experience, Jacob tells Lou that he's a virus that only causes misery everywhere he goes. He leaves to go back to Gary's club. Lou then takes off the ladybug from Adam Jr.'s neck, causing him to have a seizure. They take him to the hospital where Kelly is now a nurse, and she divorced Lou after getting clean. She gives Adam Jr. some nanobots to fight the narcotics, but they don't work with the ladybug and instead make his balls inflate. Kelly gets a needle and sticks it there to remove the fluid, squirting some all over Nick and Lou's faces. Back at the nightclub, Jacob orders every drug and drink he can get his hands on. Sophie comes in, disgusted with Jacob's antics, saying he's just like his father, a realization that hits Jacob hard. The guys return to find him, when Gary says Jacob "went to see the family therapist." Lou knows what this means, and he finds Jacob on the roof of his home. Lou goes up to talk him down and admits that the men in their family are screw-ups, but there's still hope for Jacob. They hug for the first time. Jacob accidentally slips off the roof, and Lou tries to save him. Their hands slip, but Jacob is saved by a suicide prevention system that he apparently invented. The guys see a news report on Brad, who has invented the nitro in the future. Adam Jr. realizes Brad will be at his wedding, which is that day. The guys rush to the chapel to find Brad while Adam Jr. goes on to get married. Jill is too mad at him from what he's said and done on TV. She gets wasted and spots Lou. The two of them have sex, which Adam Jr. unfortunately walks in on. Meanwhile, Jacob finds Brad and deduces that he's not the killer since he went on to find his own success away from Lou, and thus had no need to kill him. This doesn't stop Lou from punching Brad. The guys then learn that Adam Jr. stole the nitro and went back to the past, meaning HE is the killer, and it's Lou's own fault that he gets shot for having sex with Jill. The guys run outside to find the smart car attempting to kill Lou. He sincerely apologizes to it, and it takes the guys to the mansion. However, Adam Jr. already went back in time, taking the nitro with him. As the guys sit in hopelessness, Jacob realizes that with the nitro in the past, it must now be in the future. He opens the chamber to find many nitro vials. He puts one into the hot tub and gets them back to 2015. The guys walk in on the party the moment that Lou is going to give his speech. Lou is slightly more sincere this time around, but he and the guys spot Adam Jr. pick up a shotgun and attempt to shoot Lou in the dick. Lou talks him down and apologizes for what he's done, saying he'll blast himself. Adam Jr. is sorry and he pulls the gun away from Lou, accidentally shooting a portrait of Lou having sex with a tiger. Following this, Nick apologizes to Courtney and says he just wants to spend time with her. Lou tells Kelly he wants to get clean, and asks her to join him for a 12-step program, which she agrees to. Jacob approaches Sophie and convinces her to join him in a relationship, promising her it will be a crazy experience that will be worth it. She smiles and they kiss. The guys go outside to the hot tub once again. As Lou reflects on the adventure, a whirlpool rises behind him, and his head gets blasted off. Emerging from the whirlpool is... Patriot Lou! He tells the other three that this Lou was terrible and he needed to die. He invites the guys to join him in "making America happen." Against their better judgment, Nick, Jacob, and Adam Jr. follow Patriot Lou for another dip in the hot tub time machine. During the closing credits, we see the guys exploit the time machine to change history. Adam Jr. saves Lincoln from getting assassinated and even becomes the first man to land on the moon (which he says is just a sound studio in New Mexico). Jacob has sex with Marilyn Monroe. The guys discuss time travel with Einstein. They even end up becoming The Beatles, which upsets Lou since he turned out to be Ringo. 