nm0004178:

 Penance (I) (2014)Summaries A man makes the decision to cleanse his inner demons, revealing a buried past that begs the question... can we ever truly find forgiveness? And just how far will one go to get it... It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Revolution (20122014)431) Fifteen years after a permanent global blackout, a group of revolutionaries seeks to drive out an occupying force posing as the United States Government. What would you do without it all? In this epic adventure, a family struggles to reunite in an American landscape void of electricity: a world of empty cities, local militias and heroic freedom fighters, where every single piece of technology -- computers, planes, cars, phones, even lights -- has mysteriously blacked out forever. ahmetkozan Our entire way of life depends on electricity. So what would happen if it just stopped working? Well, one day, like a switch turned off, the world is suddenly thrust back into the dark ages. Planes fall from the sky, hospitals shut down, and communication is impossible. And without any modern technology, who can tell us why? Now, 15 years later, life is back to what it once was long before the industrial revolution: families living in quiet cul-de-sacs, and when the sun goes down lanterns and candles are lit. Life is slower and sweeter. Or is it? On the fringes of small farming communities, danger lurks. And a young woman's life is dramatically changed when a local militia arrives and kills her father, who mysteriously - and unbeknownst to her - had something to do with the blackout. This brutal encounter sets her and two unlikely companions off on a daring coming-of-age journey to find answers about the past in the hopes of reclaiming the future. NBC Publicity Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Open with Miles driving a horse-drawn cart. Nora, whose knife wound has gotten infected, is in the back with Charlie and Aaron. They are hours from the nearest medical attention and Charlie starts talking about whether things are going to be okay. This leads to Aaron flashing back to the night of the blackout. He's celebrating an anniversary with his wife by taking a weekend trip on the company jet. Their limo stops in the middle of the street and a truck runs into the side of the vehicle. Monroe greets Danny at the compound. He tells him that he is his guest and anything Danny wants he can have. After Danny leaves Monroe tells Tom he's being promoted to Major, in charge of intelligence and interrogation. Miles reaches the compound of a man named Drexel, who he thinks can help Nora. He seems to be a heroin manufacturer and his poppy plants have recently been burned. But when they arrive guns are drawn and Drexel pretends he wants to shoot Miles in the head. It was a sick joke and Drexel seems a bit off. Aaron again flashes back to the blackout. He is with his wife, who is now sick. They come across a guy named Sean who tells them she probably has dysentery. Nora is in septic shock and the doctor on site wants to use Miles' blood to "freshen the pipes." Charlie takes a hot bath and flashes back to all the people she's lost recently. She goes into her bag and rips up the postcards. Jason gives his report to Monroe, telling him about Nora and the pendant Aaron is carrying. Monroe orders Tom to ask a sergeant named Strauss to go after Miles and his group. When Miles makes reference to wanting to leave, Drexel talks about the impact Miles deserting the militia had on his reputation. He still feels like Miles owes him. He tells Miles about an Irish family up the road who doesn't like heroin and keeps burning his product. Miles says he'll take care of them, but Drexel says he wants Charlie to do it instead. He thinks Charlie is the only one who'll be able to get in and threatens to kill Nora if she doesn't. Charlie is put in a fancy dress. Miles doesn't want her to go, but she doesn't think they have any other option. Aaron is opposed to the idea. Drexel comes in and says the plan is for Charlie to pretend to be one of his "regular girls," who has left because he's been roughing her up. To make it convincing he punches her in the face. Another flashback to Aaron and his wife, this time eight months after the blackout. Two men grab his wife and beat him until Sean comes to the rescue. Aaron wants Miles to go after Charlie, insisting he needs to make a choice and choose his family. Aaron says he has an idea for how to get him off the compound. Charlie arrives at the O'Halloran compound and is eventually allowed to see the head of the family, Bill. Aaron pretends that something is wrong which distracts the guards. He sends Miles down a dish shoot to the kitchen, where he takes out several guards. Bill and most of his family were police before the blackout. His daughter ran away and ended up addicted to heroin and then dead because of Drexel. Drexel brings Aaron to the front lawn. Aaron begs him to let Nora go, at which point she is brought outside and given a shot of adrenaline to wake her up. Drexel brings out a pair of small revolvers, saying the plan is for them to shoot each other. Bill stops Charlie just before she can stab him, but she hits him over the head with a dish. She prepares to stab him, but Miles grabs her hands at the last minute and says they're leaving. Drexel tells Nora and Aaron that the one who shoots the other gets to stay alive. If they refuse he'll shoot them both. We flashback again to Aaron and his wife eight months after the blackout. He feels useless as a provider, unable to make a fire or hunt. He's worried about what might happen if people go after her again. Aaron tells Nora he wants her to shoot him. He closes his eyes and says that Miles and Charlie need her, not him. She won't do it, but Aaron puts the gun to his own chest and pulls the trigger. He falls to the ground, appearing to be dead. Drexel walks over to him and Aaron sits up and shoots him. He shot himself in the flask he had in his pocket. The rest of Drexel's men let them leave. We flashback to Aaron's wife waking up to find him gone. There is a note, telling her she's better off with the group they've been with. He's left his wedding ring and is gone. Danny is brought to see his mother. 
 The Avengers (2012)431) Earth's mightiest heroes must come together and learn to fight as a team if they are going to stop the mischievous Loki and his alien army from enslaving humanity. Loki, the adopted brother of Thor, teams-up with the Chitauri Army and uses the Tesseract's power to travel from Asgard to Midgard to plot the invasion of Earth and become a king. The director of the agency S.H.I.E.L.D., Nick Fury, sets in motion project Avengers, joining Tony Stark a.k.a. the Iron Man; Steve Rogers, a.k.a. Captain America; Bruce Banner, a.k.a. The Hulk; Thor; Natasha Romanoff, a.k.a. Black Widow; and Clint Barton, a.k.a. Hawkeye, to save the world from the powerful Loki and the alien invasion. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil S.H.I.E.L.D. has located the mysterious Tesseract device and the Army's super soldier Captain America. The Tesseract is actually a gateway to an entirely new world called Asgard. A mysterious being known as Loki arrives on earth and immediately assumes that he can rule all human beings. But that irks S.H.I.E.L.D. director Nick Fury the wrong way. As Loki escapes with the Tesseract, Nick Fury believes this is an act of war against Earth. His only hope is to assemble an actual team of super heroes. Dr. Bruce Banner, who turns into an enormous green rage monster known as the Hulk. Tony Stark and his venerable Iron Man armor. Captain America, the Stark Enterprises created super soldier. Thor, the god of thunder, protector of Earth and his home planet of Asgard, and Loki's brother. Master assassins Hawkeye and Natasha Romanoff. Together they will become a team to take on an attack that will call them to become the greatest of all time. halo1k Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nick Fury ( Samuel L. Jackson ), director of S.H.I.E.L.D. (Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement, and Logistics Division), arrives at S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters outside of Santa Fe, New Mexico, during an evacuation. The Tesseract, an energy source of unknown potential, has activated. It opens a portal through space and the exiled Norse god Loki ( Tom Hiddleston ) steps through, carrying a strange spear with a blue glowing tip. Loki takes the Tesseract and uses the spear to take control of the minds of several SHIELD personnel, including Dr. Erik Selvig ( Stellan Skarsgrd ) , and Agent Clint "Hawkeye" Barton ( Jeremy Renner ), to aid him in his getaway. SHIELD personnel pull out of their base when an energy surge from the Tesseract causes the ground beneath the base to collapse and destroying it. A short pursuit of Loki fails to capture him. In response to the attack, Nick Fury issues a state of emergency, telling his top agents Phil Coulson ( Clark Gregg ), Natasha Romanoff ( Scarlett Johansson ), and Maria Hill ( Cobie Smulders ), that they are completely out of options. Fury pulls Romanoff and Coulson out of their respective assignments and sends them to find the heroes he needs to oppose Loki. Romanoff is found in Eastern Europe interrogating suspects, and Coulson pulls her off the assignment and sends her to find "the big guy": Bruce Banner ( Mark Ruffalo ), aka The Incredible Hulk. Banner has been living in exile in India working for a hospital in Calcutta helping sick people, and has found inner peace doing so. Romanoff tells Banner about the Tesseract and its' destructive capabilities. As the world's expert on gamma rays, Banner is their best chance to find the cube's location. During a video chat with the World Security Council, the superiors who run S.H.I.E.L.D., Fury is grilled about his plan to bring about the Avengers Initiative. The WSC are furious, saying that it's the wrong thing to do and these people will never work together as a group. Fury says they have no other option and this is their only hope of defeating Loki. The superiors reluctantly agree. Steve Rogers, ( Chris Evans ) on the other hand, is relatively easy to find. S.H.I.E.L.D. has been keeping tabs on him since he was found in the ice and still alive. Fury goes to greet Rogers at his gymnasium where he finds he doesn't sleep. Fury tells Rogers that he will find a briefing packet about what's going on back at his apartment. Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ) is seen in a new Iron Man armor that has underwater capabilities. He is installing a new electrical connection that will take his office building completely off the electrical grid allowing it to become self sustaining. He's greeted at his office by Pepper Potts ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) who tells him that it's date night. Tony wants Pepper to know how it feels to be a genius and after an argument about how much credit she should get for coming up with the Stark Tower idea, date night is off. Coulson arrives, and Tony quickly and repeatedly tries to cut him off. Coulson hands Tony a laptop with all the data on it about everything that's going on. Pepper decides instead to go to Washington DC to get the zoning permits for the next two buildings for Stark Tower as it seems Tony has homework to do, and a lot of it. On the airplane to the secured location - an aircraft carrier that can convert to a flying aircraft carrier, Coulson is telling Rogers about how it's such an honor that they found him and tells him about his Captain America trading card collection. They then head to the helicarrier and Rogers is introduced to Dr. Bruce Banner. The two then wonder what kind of ride they're in for. Rogers thinks it's a submarine but the last thing Dr. Banner should be riding in is a submerged, pressurized metal container. The carrier takes off. On board, they are briefed that Dr. Selvig and Loki have been traced to Stuttgart, Germany. Rogers' first assignment is to go to Stuttgart to arrest Loki and bring him on board the helicarrier. Loki is at a formal black tie gala at an art museum where he is kidnapping a doctor who harbors the element they need to make the Tesseract work. While Dr. Selvig creates a distraction and Hawkeye kills the men guarding the building, Loki carries out his plan. Outside, he is instructing the civilians present that they need to kneel before him - or else, and that freedom is life's great lie. However, one old man stands up in defiance, and Loki prepares to strike him down. However, the killing shot is neatly blocked by the shield of Rogers as Captain America before moving to confront the god. As Rogers battles Loki, Tony makes his entrance to the tune of AC/DC's "Shoot To Kill" with full Iron Man weapons drawn to knock down the god and daring Loki to make a move. Loki quickly surrenders when the two heroes arrive, and while being flown to the high tech prison on board the helicarrier, the plane encounters a lighting storm. Rogers asks Loki if he's afraid of lighting but Loki tells him it's not the lightning that he's afraid of. It's what follows. Thor ( Chris Hemsworth ), Loki's half-brother and the Norse God of thunder, arrives and attempts to capture Loki so Loki can face Asguardian justice for his crimes (which will be more effective than Earth's), but Thor gets into a fight with Rogers and Tony. The fight ends in a stalemate. Eventually, Loki is taken to the helicarrier and placed in a glass cell designed to hold the Hulk. Fury explains that if Loki attempts to escape, even by merely cracking the glass, a shaft will open below him and he'll plummet to Earth and possibly be killed. On board the aircraft carrier, the fully assembled Avengers squad is being briefed by Fury about what they think will possibly happen next. Loki is in prison and is interrogated by Agent Romanoff. Tony Stark arrives and it seems the only one of the group he really gets along with is Bruce Banner. While conducting experiments on Loki's scepter, Stark tries to get a rise out of Banner so he can witness Banner's famous party trick (read: turning into the Incredible Hulk). Banner flinches and then begins telling about how he's been unable to fully harness his abilities and that he suffered depression after the accident. That's why he moved to Calcutta, as helping people is what gives his life meaning. The Avengers, now brought together, argue and deliberate over how to approach Loki and the revelation that SHIELD plans to harness the Tesseract's power to develop weapons, a discovery made by Rogers. Fury admits that the events in New Mexico a year before (recounted in Thor (2011) ) made SHIELD aware of other races on other worlds, some of whom may see Earth as an easy target. Thor is seen asking agent Coulson about what happened to Jane Foster. Coulson tells him that S.H.I.E.L.D. has placed her in their witness protection program and that she's in a safe zone in London. The decision was made to produce weapons with the Tesseract as a means of deterrence. As the group argues, Clint Barton and Loki's possessed agents attack the helicarrier, disabling one of its engines in flight. While Stark and Rogers attempt to restart the damaged engine, Romanoff tries to prevent Dr. Banner from turning into the Hulk and destroying the ship from inside. Her attempt fails and she's chased through the ship until Thor takes up the battle to pacify the beast and manages to fell him briefly with a hit from his hammer, Mjolnir. While fighting Barton, Romanoff slams him into a guard rail, and the blow to the head breaks Loki's mind control. After the Hulk falls from the ship, Thor is tricked into Loki's holding cell by Loki himself, who has recovered his scepter and releases the cell and allows Thor to plummet. Loki is held at bay briefly by Agent Coulson but is also tricked by one of Loki's holographic projections - Coulson is stabbed in the back by the real Loki. Coulson later shoots Loki with a blast from an unidentified weapon, one that harnesses the power of the Destroyer. Coulson dies while Fury tries to save his life. Thor escapes from the cell a split second before it hits the ground. Banner wakes up in his human form after crashing into an abandoned factory. Fury uses Coulson's apparent death to motivate the Avengers to work as a team. Stark and Rogers realize that simply defeating them will not be enough for Loki. He needs to overpower them in a very public way so as to validate himself as ruler of Earth. Using a device built by Dr. Selvig, Loki opens a portal to the Chitauri home world over Manhattan, summoning a Chitauri invasion. Once again the group's petty differences overshadow their ability to communicate as a team, especially with Banner now missing. While in an argument with Rogers, Tony finally figures out that Loki is a full tilt diva, and that he's obviously set up shop at the top of Stark's office. Natasha, unfortunately arrives too late just as Dr. Selvig has opened the portal. This unleashes Loki's army and all hell breaks loose. The army is massive and they can't all fight them off as much as they are entering the earth's atmosphere. Tony Stark thankfully shows up, as does Bruce Banner. While fighting, Rogers dispatches NYPD cops to direct citizens into the underground tunnels and sewers. Meanwhile, the Hulk smashes, and Tony arrives at Stark Tower where he attempts to stall Loki with a drink which is used to threaten and intimidate him. As that's going on, Tony has JARVIS prepare an under development version of Iron Man called MK18 which is contained in a giant box coded specifically for Tony and has advanced weapons capabilities. Loki refuses to cooperate, saying the destruction will continue as long as the citizens of earth don't get that they need to be ruled by him. Loki attempts to take control of Stark by using his scepter on his heart to control his mind, but it fails thanks to Tony's somewhat trusty Arc Reactor that keeps him alive. The Avengers rally in defense of New York, but quickly come to the conclusion that they will be overwhelmed as wave after wave of Chitauri descend upon Earth. With help from the reformed Barton, Rogers and Thor evacuate civilians while Dr. Banner transforms into the Hulk and goes after Loki, beating him into submission in Tony Stark's penthouse. Romanoff makes her way, with a little help from the Chitauri, to the device that holds the portal open (conveniently located on the roof of the Stark Building) and hits Dr. Selvig over the head, freeing him of Loki's control. Dr. Selvig reveals that Loki's staff can be used to close the portal. As that's happening, Hulk confronts Loki, who refuses to be intimidated by such a beast. As Rogers instructed, Hulk smashes Loki into near oblivion. That allows Romanoff to grab the scepter and head to the roof to shut down the portal. While Romanoff is securing the portal, Stark is securing the perimeter. Meanwhile, with Fury on a conference call to the council, Fury berates the council's decision to launch a nuclear missile at Manhattan. Fury tries everything possible to stop the council from launching nukes, even destroying two jets that are taking off from the helicarrier. Unfortunately as he's about to fire on a third, it gets away and launches a nuclear weapon. Tony intercepts the missile and he knows exactly where to put it - he flies it into the portal. While in the portal, Stark instructs JARVIS to try Pepper one last time. Unfortunately the call fails as Pepper is on a plane and glued to the TV with other Stark Industries executives. Tony launches the nuke at the Chitauri mothership, completely destroying the invasion. All the invading aliens collapse and are rendered useless. Stark sees the nuke go just as he runs out of oxygen and falls to what appears to be certain doom. Thankfully he manages to escape the portal just as Romanoff is able to successfully close it. Once back in the atmosphere it looks like Tony isn't going to make it, but is saved by the Hulk thanks to incredible timing. A dazed Stark, awakened by the Hulk's roar, offers to take the team out for shawarma, but they decide to apprehend Loki first. The Avengers go their separate ways. Romanoff, Rogers, and Hawkeye return to working for S.H.I.E.L.D., Tony and Pepper are seen rebuilding Stark Tower and are working on the next phase of the project. Thor escorts Loki and the Tesseract back to Asgard where Loki will stand multiple trials for war crimes from both Asgard and the Chitauri. Meanwhile, multiple TV news reports recap the events surrounding the Avengers, and while they've become worldwide heroes for to some for their efforts in New York, others are fearful and want to know who will take responsibility for the devastation. On another video conference call with the World Security Council, Fury is being congratulated, but they also grill him that now their secret's out, this group is too dangerous for the world to handle. And Fury is glad - what happened in New York is a warning. A warning to all galaxies that if they try to attack earth, S.H.I.E.L.D. is there to defend it. And they have just the team. Fury also tells the S.H.I.E.L.D. board that the Avengers' whereabouts are no longer being tracked. They've earned a leave of absence, but will be called back when needed. He also tells the council that the Tesseract is where no one on earth will ever be able to find it. In a mid-credits scene, the Chitauri leader the Other tells his master that it is futile to attack Earth, as fighting the Avengers is like courting death. His master turns, revealing himself to be Thanos, a worshiper of the personification of Death, smiling at the chance to court her with more loss of life. After further credits, the Avengers are shown eating together in a shawarma joint; the team looks worn out and no one speaks. 
 Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Man's Chest (2006)761) Jack Sparrow races to recover the heart of Davy Jones to avoid enslaving his soul to Jones' service, as other friends and foes seek the heart for their own agenda as well. Once again we're plunged into the world of sword fights and "savvy" pirates. Captain Jack Sparrow is reminded he owes a debt to Davy Jones, who captains the flying Dutchman, a ghostly ship, with a crew from hell. Facing the "locker" Jack must find the heart of Davy Jones but to save himself he must get the help of quick-witted Will Turner and Elizabeth Swan. If that's not complicated enough, Will and Elizabeth are sentenced to hang, unless Will can get Lord Cutler Beckett Jack's compass. Will is forced to join another crazy adventure with Jack. kate Archie William and Elizabeth are sentenced to death for being in contact with Jack Sparrow. For saving Elizabeth, Will accepts to bring Jack's compass in exchange for his and Elizabeth's freedom. Meanwhile, Jack is being hunted by Davy Jones. Elizabeth escapes from prison to look for Will. Jack agrees to trade Will his compass if he finds a special key that will open a special chest. To find the key, Will goes aboard the Flying Dutchman, upon which he gets captured. He is reunited by his father on the Flying Dutchman. He finds the key and escapes the ship. Meanwhile, Jack gets Elizabeth to find the chest containing the heart of Davy Jones. Will and Elizabeth reunite on the island and open the chest and find the heart of Davy Jones. While Jack wants it to settle his debt to Jones, Will wants it to free his father and another person wants it for his own needs. Who is this mysterious person and what does he want to do with it? srijanarora-152-448595 When ghostly pirate Davy Jones comes to collect a blood debt, Capt. Jack Sparrow must find a way to avoid his fate lest his soul be damned for all time. Nevertheless, the wily ghost manages to interrupt the wedding plans of Jack's friends Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann. Jwelch5742 Once again thrown into the world of the supernatural, Captain Jack Sparrow finds out that he owes a blood debt to the legendary Davey Jones, Captain of the ghostly Flying Dutchman. With time running out, Jack must find a way out of his debt or else be doomed to eternal damnation and servitude in the afterlife. And as if this weren't enough, Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann are arrested and sentenced to death unless Will can get Lord Beckett Jack's compass, who are forced to join Jack on yet another misadventure. ahmetkozan Legend has it that a tortured soul called Davy Jones lives beneath the sea with a terrible sea beast at his command. Unfortunately for the notorious pirate, Captain Jack Sparrow, this particular legend is very real. Years ago, Jack made a deal with Davy Jones, who is now expecting him to make good on his promise by handing himself over to Jones's servitude. But Jack will not give in without a fight, which is especially bad news for Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann, who always seem to get caught up in Jack's mishaps. If Jack can't find a way to rid himself of Davy Jones once and for all, it may just spell the end for the three adventurers Aaliyah Winchester Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The wedding for Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann is disrupted with the arrival of Lord Cutler Beckett of the East India Trading Co. who has warrants to arrest the two and the ex-Commodore James Norrington for helping Captain Jack Sparrow to evade his hanging. Elizabeth is imprisoned while Beckett negotiates with Will to locate Jack and retrieve his compass which has the ability to point in the direction of what a person most desires. At the same time, Jack Sparrow reveals to his crew on The Black Pearl that they are going to find a mysterious key. Jack is approached by a reincarnated Bootstrap Bill Turner, Will's long-deceased father, who reveals he is now part of the crew of The Flying Dutchman captained by Davy Jones, and Jack must pay his debt to him - Jack asking Jones to raise his ship from the depths and make him captain for thirteen years. Bootstrap further tells Jack that the Kraken will be sent after him. In panic, Jack sails the Black Pearl to the nearest land. Will searches for Jack, eventually finding the Black Pearl on Pelegosto where a tribe of cannibals worship Jack as a god and plan to eat him. Jack, Will and surviving crew members escape the island, joined by Pintel and Ragetti, former members of the Black Pearl crew who escaped execution. Elizabeth escapes jail with help from her father Weatherby Swann but he is captured while Elizabeth is sent off by Beckett to offer Letters of Marque to Jack in return for the compass. Jack and his crew visit voodoo priestess Tia Dalma, who tells them that the key unlocks the Dead Man's Chest where Davy Jones' cut-out heart is hidden; the key is in possession of Jones. Tia also gives Jack a jar of dirt to protect him from Jones, since Jones is cursed to touch land only once every ten years. Upon finding a damaged ship, Jack sends Will aboard to "settle" his debt with Jones. Will is captured by the fish-like crewmen of the Flying Dutchman and Davy Jones reunites with Jack, forcing him to gather one-hundred souls in three days for his deal to be called off. Will is drafted onto the Dutchman, where he meets his father, Bootstrap Bill. After tricking Jones into revealing the location of the key, Will manages to steal it from Jones while he is sleeping and escapes the ship with the promise to rescue Bootstrap. Jack and his crew stop in Tortuga, where Elizabeth and a drunken Norrington join them. Jack and his first mate Joshamee Gibbs realize that Beckett wants the compass to seek the chest and use Jones' heart to control him and destroy all piracy on the seas. Will finds refuge on a trading ship, but it is destroyed by the Kraken. The Black Pearl sails to Isla Cruces where the chest is buried, and Jack, Elizabeth and Norrington recover it. Will arrives with the key, planning to stab the heart to free his father, unaware that whoever stabs the heart becomes the next captain of the Flying Dutchman. Norrington wants the heart to regain his position in the Navy, while Jack is primarily interested in becoming immortal, able to sail the ocean waters for all time. Quickly, the argument about the heart's fate flares tempers, and a three-way sword fight breaks out between Jack, Will and Norrington. While Pintel and Ragetti try to steal the chest, Jones' crew arrives on the island, forcing Elizabeth, Pintel and Ragetti to fight them together, causing the chest to be dropped. Jack unlocks the chest, finds the heart inside, and hides it in the jar of dirt Tia Dalma gave him. Norrington spirits away the heart and the Letters of Marque, Jack believing the heart is still in the jar. Later, the Flying Dutchman attacks the Black Pearl which escapes the Dutchman until then attacked by the Kraken. Jack tries to flee, but returns to help defeat the Kraken, wounding it with an explosion, but the ship is heavily damaged and most of the crew are dead, leaving only Jack, Will, Elizabeth, Gibbs, Pintel, Ragetti, Cotton and Marty. Jack orders everyone to abandon ship, but Elizabeth, having realized that the Kraken is only after Jack and not the ship or crew, chains him to the mast to ensure everyone else's escape. Jack frees himself, but the Kraken rises up behind him. In a final act of defiance, Jack launches himself into the Kraken's maw, and the monster takes the Pearl down to the depths, which Jones watches from his telescope. Jones then opens the chest to find the heart missing, which is delivered to Beckett by Norrington. The surviving members of the Black Pearl return to Tia Dalma, who suggests they retrieve Jack from the afterlife, but recommends a captain who knows those waters. Then, to everyone's surprise, a resurrected Captain Barbossa arrives, asking about the fate of "his" ship. 