nm0009454:

 Les hirondelles ne meurent pas Jerusalem (1994)Summaries Richard, a French journalist is sent to Jerusalem to report on the city and its inhabitants on the eve of the Israeli-Palestinian peace agreement. In search of an article subject, he meets Hammoudi who seeks his Palestinian mother, disappeared during the exodus of 1948 and whose photo he saw in a newspaper. brahamdali Richard, a French journalist and reporter who leaves for Palestine, to the imminence of a signature of a peace agreement between Israelis and Palestinians and the sweet prospect of finding her friend Esther is the reason for her resistance to reviving political reporting. Upon his arrival in Jerusalem, his path crosses that of a Palestinian "guide", open, warm and voluble character, nicknamed "radio-local". He is in a state of turmoil, as is his entire family, who are searching for a grandmother who died in 1948 when the Israelis entered Jaffa and who suddenly reappeared on the front page of a local newspaper. brahamdali It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Milky Way (1997)Summaries 1964, a village in Galilee. The Mukhtar collaborates with Israeli military rule. Someone is forging work permits, and the Mukhtar's son and a steady metalsmith, Mahmud, want to marry the same woman. These story lines cross when the village teacher is arrested and jailed for the forgeries, with the Mukhtar's approval. Mahmoud discovers who the real forger is and goes to the Mukhtar, whose son assumes Mahmud has come to denounce him. He sets off to burn down Mahmoud's house; tragedy follows. At Mahmud's side through his troubles is Mabruq, the village fool who, like others, particularly a young woman named Jamilah, still suffers from witnessing horrors in the 1948 war. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Whispering Embers (2005)Summaries Jamal is a thirty something man, facing the deterioration of everything he has ever believed in: the political party, Islam, and more importantly, traditional family life. He leaves his home to look for answers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Tale of the Three Lost Jewels (1995)Summaries A Palestinian boy becomes entranced with a beautiful Gypsy girl and a fairy tale world she weaves amidst conflict in Gaza. The children explore nature, mysticism and what their future holds, while learning to live with the surrounding brutality c. 1990. Yusef's family scrapes by in a seaside camp while his father's in prison and his heavily-armed brother's on the run, parrying with Israeli troops. Salah, Yusef's schoolmate from a well-off Arab family strives faithfully to assist them, while Yusef helps an elderly, blind neighbor escape from his lonely abandonment into the North American dreamworld he's waited so long for. David Stevens It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 