nm0009919:

 The Suite Life of Zack & Cody (20052008)Summaries Comedy about identical twins living at the Tipton Hotel with their single mother who is a lounge singer at the hotel. Zack and Cody Martin are 12-year-olds whose lives change when their single mom gets a job as the headlining singer at Boston's swankiest hotel and, as part of her contract, an upper floor suite in which they all now live. Maddie Fitzpatrick is the hotel's teenage gift shop clerk and part-time babysitter who foils the twins' antics; London Tipton is the hotel owner's spoiled daughter; Carey Martin is the twin's mother and Mr. Moseby the hotel manager. While mom works to keep them in line, the twins are elated with the amenities of their new home, especially room service, a swimming pool, a game room and a candy counter. Then the hotel's teenage gift shop clerk Maddie steps in as part-time babysitter and foil to the twins' pranks. To the chagrin of the hotel manager, Mr. Moseby, they try to turn the hotel into their playground, and along the way make friends and foe with the disparate staff, guests and residents including the owner's spoiled daughter London. Seth Weinstein (problemchild4@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moonbase (1997)321) The first would-be moon colonists discover a horrifying, mysterious, and deadly secret hidden on their new lunar home. The most dangerous criminals in the universe escape from the Off-World Penitentiary and stow away to the quiet Moonbase Waste Disposal Plant. Hidden beneath the lunar surface lies an arsenal of nuclear warheads- the inmates' passport home to earth. Moonbase Commander John Russell launches a desperate fight to save his crew from a force capable of laying waste to an entire planet. b.dimuccio <voodoo3627@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. [SPOILERS] New Years Day, 2065. Criminals, led by Carl Stark (Robert O'Reilly), escape an off-world penitentiary and land at Moonbase, a waste dump on the far side of the lunar surface. There, John Russell (Scott Plank) and his crew of sanitation employees work in isolation. It's a self-imposed exile for John for reasons that only his grizzled co-worker Will (Stack Pierce) knows. With plans to hijack their way back to Earth, Stark and his gang storm the base and take John and his crew hostage. But news that there is no shuttle at the base forces them to change tactics. They decide to wait for an arriving "inspection" team, headed by Lt. Col. Caldecott (Billy Maddox) and mission specialist Dana Morgan (Jocelyn Seagrave) who is also John's old flame. But when Caldecott arrives with a contingent of heavily armed marines, a firefight ensues, and the criminals flee into the labyrinth of passageways in the base interior. They are joined in their hiding place by disgruntled dump worker Deckert (Kurt Fuller) who is determined to return to Earth at any cost; Deckert divulges Caldecott's real mission to the criminals: to recover ultra-deadly, and very valuable, positronic pulse, nuclear warheads hidden in a bunker beneath the mounds of garbage on the lunar surface. Stark and his second, Mina Lang (Gretchen Palmer) decide to steal the warheads so they can return to Earth "in style." Secure in the Moonbase control room, Dana, John, Will and Masani (Randy Vasquez) manage to contact a rescue team, but as the ship descends toward the base, Deckert routes power to a surface tractor beam, and crashes the ship. The criminals then ambush Caldecott's team and seize the warheads. John rushes to lock Stark out but is too late. He is captured. Masani begins prepping the inspection shuttle for escape, but Dana insists that they rescue John first. Masani worries that John may give Stark access to the control room to save his own life, but Will knows that John would never betray them. Will reveals to Dana that years ago John took the blame for an ecological disaster that the company was going to pin on her. Permanent transfer to Moonbase was the penalty John paid. With new determination, Masani transfers base command functions to the shuttle so they can retreat there...after getting John back. Stark is caught off-guard by the rescue, and Will manages to pull John to safety. Will, however, is killed in the process. John, Dana and Masani retreat to the shuttle bay, but discover they need a navigation signal boost from the control room to get away. Deckert, realizing that Stark intends to kill him regardless of their negotiated arrangement, amps the signal to the shuttle just as Stark shoots him. The shuttle is ready to go now, but the bay doors won't open. The power routed to the surface tractor beam by Deckert earlier has drained the power. John decides to suit up and venture out to the lunar surface to restore function to the shuttle bay. Stark, however, is determined that if he can't leave the moon, then no one will. He arms a warhead and sets a timer to detonate. John manages to get the bay doors open, but now, with only seconds left, Stark stands between him and the shuttle. With Dana and Masani's help, he manages to outsmart Stark with some holographic trickery, and the shuttle lifts off leaving the moon behind as the warheads explode, leveling the lunar surface and destroying...Moonbase. 
 Scary Movie 2 (2001)431) Four teens are tricked by Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) into visiting a haunted house for a school project. A group of teens including Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris) and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall) are invited to spend a night in Hell House. Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) has convinced them it is for a school project, but the night won't go past quietly. Master Kane (Richard Moll) is long dead, but still plans on enjoying himself, especially with Alex Monday (Tori Spelling). When things really start getting bad, the gang must work together to find a way to capture this ghostly menace. Film_Fan Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne) is possessed, and two Priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter), must drive the demon out, but the exorcism doesn't go as planned. A year later, survivors Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans), Shorty (Marlon Wayans), and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), are at college, trying to forget the incidents that occurred last Halloween. Cindy is falling for Buddy (Christopher Masterson), who loves to give wedgies, and Ray is still confused about his sexuality. Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his paralyzed assistant, Dwight (David Cross), have decided to do a research study at Hell House, the house where the bad exorcism took place, and disguise it as a sleep disorder study. Chaos starts as soon as Cindy arrives and meets creepy caretaker Hanson (Chris Elliott), who has a strange hand. But the house has some deep dark secrets that the group has to solve, even if they are scary or disgusting. Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The sequel to Scary Movie begins with a parody of The Exorcist, in which Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne), is possessed and two priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter), must drive the demon out. The exorcism doesn't go as planned, and a chain of The Exorcist-like vomiting occurs. Megan insults McFeely's mother and he shoots her in the head. One year later, Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans) and Shorty Meeks (Marlon Wayans) are at college, trying to live new lives, after the events in the previous movie. (Although all of them died in Scary Movie, in a deleted scene, Brenda says her death was a near death experience, and Cindy was never officially declared dead.) Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a dorky girl, Alex Monday (Tori Spelling); Ray, who is still confused by his sexuality, has two new friends, Tommy (James DeBello) and Buddy (Christopher Masterson); while Shorty is still the same stoner he was in the last movie. The story begins when a college teacher, Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his wheelchair-bound assistant Dwight (David Cross) plan to study the paranormal activity at Hell House, with the clueless teens as bait and for Oldman to get action with the college girls. Newcomer Theo (Kathleen Robertson) also becomes part of the study group. When Cindy arrives at the Hell House, she meets a talking Amazon parrot who is vulgar and slanderous, and the caretaker, Hanson (Chris Elliott), who has great people skills and a genetically malformed little hand. After some weird incidents on that night (Cindy being beaten up by a cat, a toy clown attacking Ray after he had sex with Brenda, Shorty getting attacked and smoked by a weed-monster, and Alex having sex with a ghost and it "humps" her. The teens finally learn about the professor's plan and try to escape the mansion. The professor gets killed by a female ghost with disfigured features as the ghost of Hell House's owner, Hugo Kane, seals all exits of the manor to prevent the surviving occupants from escaping. Realizing that killing the ghost is the only way out, the teens are equipped with several technological devices by Dwight that serve to harass and injure the spectral enemy. They are pursued all throughout the mansion. Cindy is chased by an undead skeleton and Brenda rips his bones. Shorty meets the ghost who killed the professor but puts a paper bag on her face and has sex with her. Hanson gets possessed, and Cindy, Brenda and Theo parody Charlie's Angels to get him, but end up beaten up. Eventually, they use Cindy as bait to lure the Kane ghost to a device that ultimately destroys him. Two months later, taking care of the parrot though he despises her for talking too much, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship and go out on a walk until Buddy disappears without notice as she looks up to see Hanson serving at the hot dog stand. She screams "No!" while Hanson screams "Yes!". Hanson is instantly hit by a car driven by Shorty, who is receiving oral sex by the female ghost...with a bag over her head to hide her facial deformities. 
 Frost/Nixon (2008)431) A dramatic retelling of the post-Watergate television interviews between British talk-show host David Frost and former president Richard Nixon . Writer Peter Morgan's legendary battle between Richard Nixon, the disgraced president with a legacy to save, and David Frost, a jet-setting television personality with a name to make, in the story of the historic encounter that changed both their lives. For three years after being forced from office, Nixon remained silent. But in summer 1977, the steely, cunning former commander-in-chief agreed to sit for one all-inclusive interview to confront the questions of his time in office and the Watergate scandal that ended his presidency. Nixon surprised everyone in selecting Frost as his televised confessor, intending to easily outfox the breezy British showman and secure a place in the hearts and minds of Americans (as well as a $600,000 fee). Likewise, Frost's team harbored doubts about their boss' ability to hold his own. But as cameras rolled, a charged battle of wits resulted. alfiehitchie Following the resignation of US President Richard Nixon , television talk show host David Frost wants to arrange a series of interviews with him to air on television. Part of the reason Frost thinks the interviews would be compelling to both the public and the television networks is that Nixon never admitted any guilt of or offered any apology for the Watergate scandal which led to his resignation. Nixon, with a few interview offers on the table, ultimately agrees to Frost's proposal partly because of the high $600,000 guaranteed appearance fee, and partly because he wants to take command of such an interview to show the world that he is still presidential so that he can resurrect his political career. Nixon believes he can railroad Frost, who is better known as a pop cultural entertainment styled interviewer than an investigative political interviewer. However, Frost has every intention on these interviews being hard hitting and pointed; in addition to his producer John Birt , Frost hires two investigative reporters known for their previous exposs on Nixon: Bob Zelnick and James Reston Jr. Nixon's chief adviser for the interviews is his current chief of staff, Jack Brennan. Prior to the interviews, ground rules are negotiated, most importantly surrounding Watergate: the total percentage of time Watergate can be discussed and the definition of what constitutes Watergate. As the four interviews progress, each side tries to manipulate the interviews to his best advantage. Behind the scenes, Frost is having difficulty with the rest of his professional life: his regular talk shows are being canceled and he has not reached anywhere near the total $2 million financing for this project. Ultimately, Frost has to finance the project with much money out of his own pocket. It isn't until a chance telephone call that the tides turn on the interviews. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. For a quick background, the movie is based on a series of 1977 interviews between television personality David Frost (played by Michael Sheen) and former President Richard Nixon (played by Frank Langella). Frosts interview was the first granted by Nixon after he resigned the presidency. 45 million people watched, and it still holds the record today for the most-watched political program of all time. The movie opens with a series of real-life news reports from the 1970s, reviewing Nixons role in bugging the Democratic National Committees headquarters at the Watergate Complex in Washington, D.C., in order to keep tabs on what the Democrats were doing leading up to the 1972 elections. Except, of course, the men hired to do the bugging were busted during the break-in, Nixon and his men conspired to cover up the break-in and then, whoops, did not erase the tapes recording their conversations. When the tapes were discovered in 1974, Nixon resigned. Frost finishes taping an episode of his talk show, Frost Across Australia. He and his producers then watch the live broadcast of Nixon waving goodbye (as in, his legendary double-peace-sign wave) from the steps of his helicopter. Frost asks his producer what the worldwide TV ratings would be for that moment, and is told bigger than we will ever see. A few weeks later, Frost is back in his native England, at the London Weekend Television office, the company that employs him. He brings up the possibility of interviewing Nixon, and everyone thinks hes crazy. It is important to note that Frost is sort of known as a fluff interviewer, as in he does not ask very hard-hitting questions. He also drinks. And parties. And sleeps with lots of pretty ladies. So his producers have a legitimate right to laugh because Richard Nixon would never agree to be interviewed by someone like himor would he? Cut to Nixon at his vacation home in California. His advisor, Swifty Lazar, mentions that Frost has made an offer to interview him, and is willing to pay him $600,000 for his time. Lazar says that CBS is only offering $350,000. Oh, and by the way, Lazar says, youll nail him to the wall. Hes a lightweight. And we get brief scenes of Lazar bullying Frost into offering the $600,000 his original offer was $500,000. So Nixon is sold. And now Frost has to pony up this massive amount of money from his own pocket, because initially, no U.S. television station is willing to carry the interviews being that they were outbid by a Brit and are mad about it. Frost sells all his shares in London Weekend Television and calls in favors from wealthy celebrities he had previously interviewed. He raises all the money, pays Nixon, hires two investigators named Zelnick and Reston to help him come up with questions, and the interviews begin. They are finally sold to a British TV station as four 90-minute specials covering four different topics Foreign policy, Domestic policy, Nixons personal life and Watergate. Nixon arrives with his former chief-of-staff, Jack Brennan (Kevin Bacon), who warns Frost that any questions deemed not to his liking will be immediately cut off. The seconds tick down to when the cameras will first start rolling, and as the sound technician begins the count from 5 to 1, Nixon asks Frost if he had an enjoyable evening. Frost says he did. And right as the count reaches 1, Nixon asks, Did you do any fornicating? The cameras flip on and Frost is speechless. Nixon smiles, satisfied. And so goes the first three series of interviews Nixon using huge chunks of time to make long, winding, boring speeches about random things and Frost struggling to interrupt, to ask actual questions of him. It is obvious Nixon is in his element, and Frost is not. Zelnick and Reston who are American, it should be noted, and are angry with Nixon like all Americans were get angry with Frost for the fact that Nixon is using this time to pretty much exonerate himself of any wrongdoing. Frost decides that the crew should break for Easter, as they have spent weeks together doing these interviews. He will use this time to regroup. Four days before they are to begin the final interview on Watergate, Frost wakes up to a phone call in the middle of the night. He answers by saying, cheeseburgers, thinking it is the hotels room service, asking him if he wants anything to eat. Instead, it is Nixon a very drunk Nixon. Frost quickly wakes up and listens to Nixon moan about his life how he is just like Frost, how he began his political career as a man from the wrong side of the tracks and now everyone who is still on the wrong side of the tracks hates him for hitting it big. He also tells Frost that he knows the final interview will make ones career and break the others. He hangs up. Frost has an epiphany its not just about the viewers and the money. He has to get Nixon to confess to his involvement in Watergate. If he doesnt, not only will the interviews not be watched and he will go bankrupt, but the American people who were hoping for some closure to the scandal will lose faith in him and their government. He calls Zelnick and Reston and they get to work. When the group meets for the final interview, Frost mentions the phone call to Nixon. Like most drunk-dialers, however, Nixon asks, What phone call? Brennan overhears and warns Frost that he will break him if anything goes wrong during this final interview. The cameras flip on, and both Frost and Nixon are silent, Nixon waiting for a question and Frost weighing his options. Finally, Frost looks up and asks, Why didnt you just erase the tapes? The room pretty much explodes, as Nixon looks at him, stunned that he asked him an actual question, Brennan comes blasting in and breaks up the interview and the technicians, Zelnick and Reston get very excited at what is happening. Brennan tries to break it up, but Frost isnt having it. Nixon stutters something about not being involved, and then about the bugging being necessary, and Frost gets very angry and asks, So youre saying, just because youre the President, you can do something illegal? And Nixon finally yells back, No when the President does it, it is NOT illegal. The room goes silent. Frost sits back and says, Im sorry? He cant believe it. And the cameramen got it all on tape. Brennan pulls Nixon out into the hall and tells him he can call it off, right now. But Nixon has realized something. He is tired of lying, he says, and he let the American people down. He thanks Brennan for his help, but he did this on his own, and he needs to make up for it on his own. The interviews begin again, with Nixon admitting to the Watergate cover-up, and apologizing to the American people on camera for letting them down. When they are finally edited and shown on TV, the interviews are a massive success, and Frost earns 10% of the advertising profits from the broadcasts. This makes him a millionaire, and a hero in the eyes of many who were waiting for the apology Nixon just gave. The film ends with Frost visiting Nixon at his California home after the interviews air. Frost thanks him for his time. Just as he turns to go, Nixon asks him if they really had a conversation on the phone and, if they did, what they talked about. Frost pauses, and then says, Cheeseburgers, before walking away. 