nm0001349:

 I Still Know What You Did Last Summer (1998)431) The murderous fisherman with a hook is back to once again stalk the two surviving teens, Julie and Ray, who had left him for dead, as well as cause even more murder and mayhem, this time at a posh island resort. Ever since killing the Fisherman one year ago, Julie James is still haunted by images of him after her, causes her relationship with Ray Bronson to suffer further. When her best friend Karla Wilson wins free tickets to the Bahamas, Julie finds this a perfect opportunity to finally relax. But someone is waiting for her. Someone who she thought was dead. Someone who is out again for revenge. FilmFanUK Two years after the horrible incident, Julie is back in college and is worse than ever having dreams about the killer. She gets comfort from a new friend named Will. Julie's other friend Karla tries to hook the two of them up and when she wins a trip to the Bahamas, she knows that it is perfect. But Ray is still in the picture and Julie only goes as friends. Karla, her boyfriend Tyrell, Julie, and Will take flight right before Ray encounters the fisherman again. He tries to tell Julie not to leave but it is too late. Now in the Bahamas Julie is starting to lighten up and have fun. Then suddenly things start going terribly wrong when a storm hits the Island and people start to disappear. Ray takes a boat to the island to warn Julie but will he make it on time to save Julie again from the fisherman? Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Julie James had just spent a harrowing summer running for her life and dealing with the brutal murders of Helen Shivers and Barry Cox, by a vengeful fisherman named Ben Willis. One year later, Julie has fled her hometown to attend college in Boston, and left the painful memories behind her. Karla Wilson (Brandy), Julies spunky friend and roommate, wins an all-expenses-paid Bahamas vacation for four on the Fourth of July weekend, if she can name the capital of Brazil. She answers "Rio", and is told that she is correct. Julie wants to invite her boyfriend Ray on the trip, but he declines. He's hurt by her refusal to visit him in Southport, where the murders took place the previous summer. Thus Julie, Karla, Tyrell, and their new friend Will Benson, head to the Bahamas. When they get there, they find that the other hotel guests are leaving because hurricane season has begun. Soon, several murders occur at the resort, and Julie is forced to tell the others about her past. Suspicion falls on the voodoo-practicing porter Estes, who is trying to protect them. It is revealed that the vacation was arranged especially for Julie, and Karla didn't really win anything because she answered the Brazil question incorrectly. Estes leads them to a graveyard site where Ben Willis' family is buried, and there is one tombstone that has Julies name, and the years written on it in blood, with an open hole, where Ben plans to dump her body in after he kills her. It turns out that another person of the Willis' family is alive. Will Benson is in fact Ben Willis' son, and he drags Julie away from the others after killing Estes, Tyrell and Nancy. Will takes Julie to his family's graveyard and introduces Julie to his father, Ben Willis. Julie didn't know Will was related to Ben Willis. The survivors attempt to hide in a small building, but this does not work. Ray arrives just as Ben catches up with Julie and Will. In the fight between Ray and Will, Ben accidentally stabs his son with his own hook. Then Ben Willis is shot with Ray's gun by Julie. Afterwards Ray and Julie are home, in their newly-purchased house. As Julie enters her bedroom and sits down on the bed, she looks in the mirror, leaning against the bottom part of her wall, and notices the fisherman under her bed. The film ends with Ben Willis grabbing Julie by the ankles and pulling her under her bed. 
 Heartbreakers (2001)431) A mother and daughter con team seduce and scam wealthy men. Max and Page are a mother and daughter con team. Max seduces wealthy men into marrying her, then Page seduces them into infidelity so Max can rake them over the divorce court coals. And then it's on to the next victim. Greg Bulmash <greg@imdb.com> Get ready to lose your heart - and your bank account! When it comes to conning millionaires, Maxine Conners and her daughter, Paige, are real pros. First, Maxine leads them to the altar. Then, Paige lures them into seduction... and a hefty divorce settlement! After that, it's on to the next unfortunate victim: repulsive billionaire, William Tensy. Unfortunately, Paige breaks the cardinal rule of the con and falls in love, with a young bartender. Now, Maxine must hold on to her daughter and Tensy's money, before she loses the best partner in crime she will ever have. Robert Rosado <valentine@love-hurts.org> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Sigourney Weaver getting married to Ray Liota. The wedding night comes and Sigourney falls asleep before the two can have sex. Ray wakes up and goes to work where his secretary (Jennifer Love Hewitt) is waiting in a tight dress. He cannot overcome his urges and starts making out with Jeniffer. Sigourney walks in and catches them in the act. She files for divorce and takes half of his money and a car. We then find out that Jennifer and Sigourney are a mother daughter duo of con artists who marry men and then set them up to cheat so that they can take half of the husbands property. The two women have various ways of getting things for free throughout the whole movie; putting broken glass into their meal, slip on a puddle of goo that they put there, in order to get a hotel room. After the divorce from Liotta, Jennifer decides that she is a PRO, and can handle herself on her own. Sigourney needs to convice her to stay so she comes up with a plan. When the duo go to the bank to withdraw their money they are told that Sigourney has no money in her account. Sigourney had given her friend, an IRS agent her account number and had the agent hold all her money so it appeared she was broke. Sigourney convinces Jennifer to do one last con. The women drive along the beach in a speedboat looking at possible people to con. Jennifer has her eyes set on a young mamas boy while Sigourney sees an old single man (Gene Hackman) who is a chain smoker and coughs every 3 seconds. The two decide to go with Gene Hackman, while Jennifer is not to sure. Sigourney moves in on Gene at an auction, while Jennifer is at a bar, owned by Jason Lee. He approaches Jennifer and asks her what she wanted to drink. Jennifer thought this was a pick up line and freaked out at him. While Jason comes back with a drink, Jennifer gets a phone call from her mother. Jennifer storms out of the bar and goes to the spot her mother told her and lays out a spike strip in the road so Gene Hackman would get into a car accident. Little did she know that she left her purse at the bar and Jason Lee was returning it. He runs over the spike strip and crashes into a tree. The two have an awkward moment when Jennifer sees Gene coming and pushes Jason Lee down a hill so he does not see the spike strip in the road. The two fall down while Gene crashes into Jasons car. Jennifer then makes out with Jason to keep him distracted while Sigourney convinces Gene that she will take him home. Once home Sigourney has an encounter with the housekeeper of Genes home. It turns out that the housekeeper is on to Sigurneys plan. Jennifer goes into the maids room and sets her up by making it appear she stole all of Genes ex-wifes jewelry. The maid goes to jail and Jennifer becomes the new housekeeper. After a night out on the town, Gene Hackman comes to Sigourneys house and asks her to marry him. Along with him he brought a statue that Sigourney bought at the auction where they met but broke the penis off (it was a statue of a naked man) . Gene brought it back penis and all. After Gene asks her to marry him, he goes to kiss her and trips and hits his head on the penis of the statue and dies. Ray Liotta then shows up and asks Sigourney to marry him because he messed up and he hasnt forgotten about what they had and he wants another chance. Jennifer Love Hewitt walks in and Liotta realizes he was "played" by the two women. He demands his money back but they don't have any. They decide if he helps them put Hackman's body back to his own house they would include him in the next con. Jennifer Love Hewitt goes pack to the bartender and he eventually asks her to marry him. She has a few doubts but with Sigourney and Liotta posing as her second cousins, she eventually agrees. On their wedding night, they pull the same routine with them about to have sex and Jennifer fallls asleep. When he realizes she's asleep, he leaves the room. Jennifer opens her eyes and is crying. She actually loves him. Outside, Sigourney meets up with him and invites him to her house for a drink. She keeps trying to seduces him but he won't bite. Finally, Jennifer Love Hewitt comes over (as planned) and sees him asleep in Sigourney's bed. The next scene is in the divorce court and Jason Lee decides to give her whatever she wants. As they're driving home Sigourney tells Jennifer that he didn't want to sleep with her, she actually had to drug him to get him in bed. Jennifer realizes that Jason really did love her. Jason is heads back to the bar and his friend tells him he forgot a few things (after selling the bar to pay off the divorce). When he opens the door, it shows everyone welcoming him back. It was a surprise party and Jennifer is there with the papers to the bar. The next scene shows Liotta, Sigourney and Jennifer driving home from the bar. Sigourney tells Liotta that the IRS agent conned her and actually took all her money. They have to get her back. Next we see Liotta talking to the IRS agent at dinner, having a romantic evening. Waiting outside is Sigourney.... 
 I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997)651) Four young friends bound by a tragic accident are reunited when they find themselves being stalked by a hook-wielding maniac in their small seaside town. After an accident on a winding road, four teens make the fatal mistake of dumping their victim's body into the sea. But exactly one year later, the dead man returns from his watery grave and he's looking for more than an apology. Anonymous When four friends accidentally hit and kill a man on a road at night, they start to panic and decide to dump the body into the sea. A year later, they all try to settle down again, but one of the friends receives a note in the post, with the words 'I know what you did last summer'. As each of the friends gains their own reminder, they finally accept the one thing they feared the most; someone knows what happened that night, and now they're out for revenge. FilmFanUK After Helen Shivers (Sarah Michelle Gellar) wins a beauty pageaent, Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt), Barry William Cox (Ryan Phillippe), and Ray Bronson (Freddie Prinze Jr.) are celebrating along with graduation on the 4th of July. The four friends go to a party and decide to head out to the beach in the middle of the night. Barry, who is intoxicated, decides to let Ray drive his car back home from the beach. On their way home, they hit and apparently kill a man who is walking in the road. While thinking what to do with the corpse, Julie's friend Max Neurick (Johnny Galecki) arrives. Julie tells him that everything is fine so he leaves. While dumping the body in a nearby sea, the body becomes alive and tries to attack Helen. They dump the corpse in the ocean and agree to never discuss again what had happened. Tristan Williams It's the fourth of July and four friends Julie, Ray, Helen, and Barry are celebrating along with graduation. On their way home they hit a pedestrian walking down a curved corner. They make a pact to keep it a secret in hopes of saving their futures. While dumping the body in a near by sea, the body becomes alive and tries to attach Helen. They throw him in and never return to that site. One year later, Julie returns home from college for summer break. In the mail she receives a letter stating that "I know what you did last summer." Julie freaks out and gathers up her old friends who are now separated, miserable and not speaking. They all decide to find out who saw them that fateful night and in the process of tracking the suspect down, the body count goes up. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's the 4th of July, 1996 and four high school seniors, Julie (Jennifer Love Hewitt), her boyfriend Ray (Freddie Prinze Jr), Julie's best friend Helen (Sarah Michelle Gellar) and her boyfriend Barry (Ryan Phillippee) decide to have some fun on their last summer as kids. So they party and get drunk and go to an isolated beach by their town. While on the beach, they discuss their futures beyond their small town, as well as discuss an urban legend regarding a young couple who find a hook attached to their car door. Since Ray is the only one of them that is sober, he is tasked with driving them back home. The ride soon gets out of control when Barry spills alcohol in the car, distracting Ray, who accidentally hits a random stranger on the road. The incident soon turns ugly when the group begin to argue over what happened. The police won't believe it as an accident, since there's alcohol spilled in the car, and the car belongs to Barry. The situation grows worse when a vehicle appears in the distance. This turns out to be another local teenager, named Max (Johnny Galecki). Julie distracts him by saying they just had car trouble, and he drives on. Once he's gone, the talk turns to disposing of the body to hide what happened. Julie feels that they should tell what they did but Barry, drunk and in a violently-upset rage, demands that no one be told, with Helen taking Barry's side. They take it down to the nearby docks and dump the body in the water, with Barry making everyone swear to take the secret to their graves. One year later and now a freshman in college, Julie goes home for the summer. While at home, her Mom gives her a letter that was received, but it has no return address and is not postmarked. Inside, she finds a folded piece of paper with a message: "I Know What You Did Last Summer!" Panicked over their secret having gotten out, Julie goes to Helen's sister Elsa (Bridgette Wilson), to inquire for Helen's number in New York. However, Elsa soon reveals that Helen went to college in New York and then came back, now working in their family's store. They then go to see Barry. Barry claims that no one can know, and as the three discuss that fateful night, Barry recalls how Max drove by, and he was the only person there that night. Barry immediately suspects him, and the three head down to the nearby docks. Barry claims he'll 'talk' to Max in private, but Barry gets carried away, threatening Max with an ice pick, telling him to leave them alone, even though Max claims he has no idea what Barry is talking about. While down at the docks, Julie finds Ray working off a fishing boat down there. He tries to patch things up regarding their now-broken relationship, but she runs off. Back inside Max's workplace, unseen by anyone, Max is killed when an unseen person uses the ice pick that Barry had threatened Max with. Later that evening, Barry goes to a local gym to workout. In the locker room, he hears a sound. Looking around the locker room, Barry finds nothing until he returns to his locker. He soon finds a Polaroid photo of his BMW, with a message written on the back: "I Know." Barry also finds that his jacket is gone. Rushing out of the locker room, Barry see his car turn on, and back off down the road. Barry gives chase, only to have the driver attempt to run him down. The driver, wearing a dark fisherman's rain slicker and wielding a large ice hook, gets out of the car and stands over him. Barry ends up in the hospital, but is unable to tell the police anything about the person's identity, other than that he wore a black rain slicker, and carried an ice pick. In his hospital room, the four friends talk about what happened, with Barry still strongly against revealing what they did. Julie then reveals that she has been doing some investigating, and reveals that the name of the person they struck was David Egan. Feeling that maybe Egan survived and is staying with a local relative, Julie and Helen head out to the Egan's residence deep in the inland swamps. Julie and Helen arrive at David's house where they find David's moody older sister, Missy (Anne Heche). Missy explains that David's death devastated their family, as Julie and Helen act under the guise that their vehicle has broken down. While both of them originally think that Missy may be the killer, talking with her, they soon write her off their suspects list. However, Missy does explain that someone came after her brother had died, claiming to be his friend. When the girls ask for this person's name, Missy believes it to be 'Billy Blue'. Helen returns to her home that night, and prepares for the 4th of July parade the next morning. She does not notice the fisherman sneaking into her house through the back door, going upstairs and hiding in her bedroom closet. Waking up the next morning, she is horrified to find that someone has slashed her hair in the night, and written 'Soon' on her vanity mirror. Helen then calls Barry and Julie to come over quickly. On her way over, Julie hears a strange sound coming from the back of her car. Upon reaching Helen's, she hears something in the trunk and opens it, to reveal Max's dead body, with crabs crawling over him! Julie rushes in to tell Barry and Helen, but when they return, the crabs and Max's body have disappeared from the trunk. Barry assumes Julie was hallucinating, but she swears she did see Max's dead body. Julie, Helen, and Barry confront Ray about the recent events, which Barry thinks that Ray is behind it. Ray strongly denies being the one and claims that whoever knows is after him too for he received a similar letter. Julie decides to revisit Missy to ask her more questions about David Egan and about the visitor 'Billy Blue', while Helen and Barry go to participate in the 4th of July parade. During the parade, Barry keeps an eye out for the killer, but notices that there are several people wearing the dark rain slickers running about. Chasing one, Barry leaves Helen on one of the parade floats. As it passes by a 2-story building, she notices a shadowy figure in a black rain slicker, reveal an ice pick in a threatening way as the float passes by. Meanwhile, Julie arrives back at Missy's house in hopes to convince her that her brother is still alive, and to secretly find out more about who the stranger called Billy Blue was. Missy tells Julie that her brother is dead, and presents her with a suicide note that was left by him which reads 'I will never forget last summer'. Julie thinks that the handwriting matches that of the note she received, and tries to convince Missy that her brother is not dead. However, Missy soon grows upset by Julie's ravings, and orders her to leave her property. At the annual Croaker Pageant, Helen is in attendance as her reign as the Croaker Queen is about to come to an end. Barry is watching from an upstairs balcony, but as the pageant goes on, Helen lets out a yell when she sees the killer pull Barry into the shadows! Rushing upstairs with a police officer, they look around but find no sign of the killer or Barry. The officer thinks Helen imagined it, and offers to take her home. On the way there, the officer cuts through an alley and finds someone working on their truck engine, which has stalled across the street. The officer gets out to investigate, only to come face-to-face with the killer, who kills the officer with the ice hook. Helen manages to break out of the police car, and rushes for her family's store, where her sister Elsa lets her in. Helen demands that Elsa lock all the doors, but before Elsa can finish the job, the killer enters through a side door and slashes her to death. The killer then stalks after Helen, chasing her out of the store, down an alley, and near a pile of used tires where she is killed steps away from the 4th of July parade that is going on. Meanwhile, Julie has returned to town does some further research into the death of David Egan. A year before the 'accident,' David and his girlfriend Susie were involved in a car crash not far from where the film's 'accident' scene occurred. David survived, but Susie died. The research mentions that Susie had a father, named Ben Willis. Julie then figures it out: They did not kill David Egan that night! Her assumption is that David had been found along the road by Ben, who killed him and disposed of the body. But before Ben could get home, the four crashed into him during their joyride that night. Julie then decides to tell Ray who is working down by the docks. She explains her theory, but he doesn't believe it. As they talk, she suddenly notices the name of the boat he works on Billy Blue! Julie panics, thinking that Ray may actually be the murderer and takes off running, only to be chased by Ray before a fisherman stops him, and puts her onto his boat. As she looks around the boat, she finds one room that contains photos and other articles about her, Helen, Barry and Ray... and realizes that she is on Ben's boat! Ben has set the boat adrift and intends to kill Julie, who leads him on a cat-and-mouse chase through the ship. Eventually, Julie winds up in an ice room to store fish, and finds the corpses of Helen and Barry. Ray manages to come to his senses, and takes a small motorboat, catching up to Ben's boat. In the end, Ray manages to use the ship's rigging to save Julie, causing Ben to lose his arm in which he carried the hook, and plummets over the side. All that is found of Ben is the severed arm with the hook in the hand. When the Police question Julie and Ray about why Ben would have wanted to kill them, they claim they have no idea. A year later, Julie is enjoying another year of college, and is getting ready to return to her hometown to see Ray. As she prepares to take a shower, her college roommate says that there was a letter left for her. Fearing the same thing as before, Julie is relieved to find that it is an invitation to a pool party. Returning to the showers, the hot water has caused the room to steam up. As Julie heads towards one shower stall, she stops upon seeing writing on one of the doors, which reads: "I still know." The last shot is Ben, crashing through the glass shower door at the camera (aka Julie), the ice pick now embedded in the stump of his missing arm. 
 The Tuxedo (2002)321) A hapless chauffeur must take a comatose Secret Agent's place using his special gadget-laden tuxedo. Jimmy Tong is just a lowly chauffeur for millionaire Clark Devlin, until Devlin has an accident that puts him in the hospital. Tong is sent back to fetch some things for Devlin and unknowingly tries on Devlin's tuxedo and finds that it gives extraordinary powers to anyone that dons the suit. This discovery thrusts Tong into world of international intrigue and espionage and pairs him with an inexperienced partner. Tim Salazar Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jimmy Tong (Jackie Chan) is a taxi driver notorious for his speed and ability to get his customer anywhere in the least amount of time, usually without too many illegal methods. His reputation soon lands him a job as the personal chauffer of the mysterious but wealthy Clark Devlin (Jason Isaacs). Jimmy does not really know what his new boss' job is, but Devlin's friendly nature, imperturbable demeanor, and willingness to offer Jimmy advice wins Jimmy over and the two become pals. Jimmy has no idea that Devlin is a spy and when an attempt to kill Devlin partially succeeds, sending Devlin into a coma, Jimmy ends up accidentally wearing a rather unusual tuxedo of Devlin's. The tuxedo is a gadget capable of granting its wearer special abilities (including martial arts, the ability to dance, active camouflage, and being able to walk on walls) which Jimmy must use to stop the terrorist group responsible for Devlin's hospitalization. He joins genius scientist, Del Blaine (Jennifer Love Hewitt) to stop them. At first, she thinks Jimmy is irritating, but in the end when he saves her and the world, he and Del Blaine go for a coffee together. Ultimately Jimmy gives up, but discovers that Clark had a tuxedo made for Jimmy himself as he believed Jimmy could be a great agent. Using his own tuxedo, Jimmy defeats the villains in the end. 