nm0001694:

 The Journey of Natty Gann (1985)Summaries In the 1930s, a tomboy runs away from her guardian to join her single father who is 2,000 miles away, where he has found work. Natty Gann is a 12-year-old Depression-era girl whose single father leaves her behind in Chicago while he goes to Washington State to look for work in the timber industry. Natty runs away from the guardian she was left with to follow Dad. She befriends and is befriended by a wolf that has been abused in dog fights, hops a freight train west, and is presumed dead when her wallet is found after the train crashes. Dad gets bitter and endangers himself in his new job. Meanwhile, Natty has a series of adventures and misadventures in various farmhouses, police stations, hobo camps, reform schools, and boxcars. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon (1988)Summaries A charming womanizer has to find a way to get $80 to elope to Hawaii with his one true love, or else go to his father's chosen business school. A recent high school graduate is faced with two options, either go to a business school where his father wants him to go to, or get a full time job. However he decides to defy his father and go to Hawaii. Trouble is he has no money. Along the way he comes to understand his parents and eventually bonds with his father. Mark Andrew Radford <s2194044@cse.unsw.edu.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lake Placid (1999)431) Three people attempt to stop a gigantic crocodile, who is terrorizing residents in Black Lake, Maine. Shortly after the horrifying underwater attack in Maine's Black Lake, the local Fish and Game officer, Jack Wells, enlists the help of the New York City palaeontologist, Kelly Scott, to investigate. With only a mangled body as their starting point, Jack and Kelly embark on a dangerous mission to find the mysterious creature, as Sheriff Hank Keough, a mythology professor, and an eccentric inhabitant all want to locate the elusive predator first. But, something deadly is lurking beneath the silent pond, and it's already taken a liking to the juicy human flesh. What is the secret of Lake Placid? Nick Riganas Lake Placid - Well it would be, but; "somebody said that name was taken." At least according to the local Sheriff. When a man is eaten alive by an unknown creature, the local Game Warden (Pullman) teams up with a paleontologist (Fonda) from New York to find the beast. Add to the mix an eccentric philanthropist with a penchant for "Crocs" (Platt), and here we go! This quiet, remote lake is suddenly the focus of an intense search for a crocodile with a taste for live animals...and people! J.D. Keith <jkeith@compunet.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Lincoln County, Maine, a marine Fish and Game officer is attacked and bitten in half by something unseen in Black Lake. Sheriff Hank Keough ( Brendan Gleeson ), Fish and Game officer Jack Wells ( Bill Pullman ), American Museum of Natural History paleontologist Kelly Scott ( Bridget Fonda ), and mythology professor/crocodile enthusiast Hector Cyr ( Oliver Platt ) go to the lake to investigate. A series of strange events occur, including Kelly and Hank's canoe mysteriously flying into the air and flipping, the discovery of a severed toe and a severed Moose head, and the decapitation of a Fish and Game deputy. Later, as Hank and Hector argue, a giant saltwater crocodile leaps out of the water and drags a nearby bear into the lake. Jack, Kelly, and Hank visit Delores Bickerman ( Betty White ), one of few people living on the lake. After finding the deputy's severed head, they witness her feeding a blindfolded cow to the enormous crocodile. Delores reveals that she has been feeding the crocodile for years after it followed her husband home. It eventually killed him. She is placed under house arrest for initially lying to the police. Hector decides to take one of Hank's deputies ( Meredith Salenger ) on a trip in the helicopter, and lands the helicopter in the cove where the crocodile lives. While he is diving, it attacks him, but he escapes. Jack and Hank plan to allow Florida Fish and Game to kill the crocodile when they arrive, but Hector suggests instead that he lure it out of the water and drug it. Jack reluctantly accepts the proposal, and they use one of Delores' cows, dangled from the helicopter, as bait. After a few hours, the crocodile lunges at the cow. Hector pulls up, loses the cow, and crashes the helicopter into the lake. The crocodile comes on land and attacks Jack and Kelly. Kelly is knocked into the lake, but she makes it to the helicopter just in time. Despite Hector and Kelly's protests to let the animal live, Jack grabs a gun and shoots it. The gun is revealed to be a tranquilizer rifle. As Hector comes out of the water, a second crocodile attacks him, but Hank blows it up with his grenade launcher. Florida Fish and Game officers arrive seconds later. They load the crocodile on a truck and take it to Portland, Maine to figure out what to do with it. The last scene shows Delores feeding bread crumbs to many baby crocodiles, implying the two adults were a mating pair. During the end credits, the surviving adult crocodile is seen tied to the back of a flat-bed truck, speeding down a road 
 Dream a Little Dream (1989)55) An accident puts the consciousness of an elderly dream researcher into the body of a bratty teenager. The problem? The kid prefers dreamworld limbo to real life. The lives of a crusty old scientist and a bratty, teen Michael-Jackson-wannabe are about to intersect in a paranormal way. Coleman Ettinger seeks to break down the door of reality through studied dreaming; Bobby Keller wants Lainie Diamond, the girlfriend of his high school friend Joel, a handsome school jock. As Coleman persuades his wife Gena to join his experiments, an accident knocks their bodies out of existence, along with Bobby's consciousness. Coleman's consciousness winds up in Bobby's body while Gena's ends up buried and asleep inside Lainie's. Only when sleeping can Coleman contact Bobby and elicit his help in putting things back, except that Bobby smugly prefers limbo over his aggravated life as a modern teenager. statmanjeff Bobby Kellar has a crush on Lainie Diamond, girlfriend of school jerk Joel. Coleman is working on an experiment which will help him move into a place where Dreams are reality. When an accident occurs Coleman finds himself in Bobby's body and can only contact Bobby in his dreams. yusufpiskin Bobby Kellar has a crush on Lainie Diamond, girlfriend of school jerk Joel. Coleman is working on an experiment which will help him move into a place where Dreams are reality. When an accident occurs Coleman finds himself in Bobby's body and can only contact Bobby in his dreams. Part of his wife's mind has also ended up in Lainie. To bring his and his wife's body back to reality, Coleman must agree to fix Bobby's messed up life. Liam Smith Bobby Keller has a best friend and a girlfriend. But, he's not happy. His parents don't notice him, he's failing in school, and he has a crush. He feels his life is pointless. Then, one night, everything changes when Bobby collides with his dream girl Lainie in his elderly neighbors' yard. Now, Coleman is trapped in Bobby's body, and his wife Gena is trapped in Lainie's body. In Coleman's dreams, Bobby advises him on how to act and that he isn't willing to go back, unless Coleman can fix his screwed-up life. Allison L. Venezio <YankeeSNL01@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 