nm0008290:

 Mujhe Jeene Do (1963)Summaries A notorious bandit continues to elude the authorities and strikes terror in the region. Thakur Jarnail Singh is known and feared in the region and has killed anyone who has dared to oppose him. He shoots down Champa's husband ruthlessly in front of her eyes, ignoring her pleas for mercy when the former refuses to provide ammunition and guns. He then shows up in full force during a wedding ceremony at the Zamindar's mansion and abducts a courtesan, Chamelijaan. Subsequently, he rescues her from his henchman, Thakur Kripal Singh, and with her consent, marries her in the presence of Pandit Ram Avtar and Maulana Sheikh Rahim. Shortly thereafter she becomes pregnant and gives birth to a boy who they name Sheru. With the child growing up, the Superintendent of Police hot on his tail, the trio go on the run and separate. A traumatized Chamelijaan must decide about their future when she not only goes to live in the same village as Champa - but watches her son learn to ride horses and take up firearms. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gazal (1964)Summaries Agra-based atheist and revolutionary poet/editor of Inquilab, Ejaz, falls head-over-heels in love with Naaz Ara Begum after he hears her sing, and then ends up losing his job. With the assistance of his lovely sister, Kausar Ara Begum, Ejaz and Naaz meet secretly. This does not auger well with Akhtar Nawab, Naaz's paternal cousin, who plans to marry her. To make matters worse, their meeting is witnessed by her enraged dad, Nawab Bakar Ali Khan, who initially asks Ejaz to leave, and then decides to teach him a lesson - with two loaded rifles. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gaban (1966)Summaries Believing himself to be a suspect for embezzlement in British India, a man must testify against non-violent freedom-fighters. Honest Munshi Dayanath works in the administrative office of the Allahabad High Court in 1928 British India, and lives an impoverished lifestyle along with his wife, a grown slacker son, Ramanath, and two younger sons. Without knowing Ramanath's background, Munshi Dindayal arranges his daughter, Jalpa's marriage, and she moves in with this family. Unable to pay jeweler Gangaram for jewelry purchased for this wedding, Ramanath steals his wife's jewelry, and then gets in debt when he gets her a Chandrahaar. In order to pay for this, he works as a Clerk, collecting money for the regime as well as accepting bribes. Circumstances compel him to embezzle Rs.800/- which he is unable to return. Afraid of being arrested, he flees to Calcutta, gets embroiled indirectly in the freedom struggle, gets arrested and will only be set free if he testifies against non-violent freedom-fighters. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Anhonee (1952)Summaries An impoverished advocate faces challenges after he falls in love with a wealthy woman who has a look-alike courtesan sister. Lucknow-based impoverished advocate, Rajkumar Saxena, complains to his landlord about the deplorable condition of his apartment but is instead told by the latter's daughter, Roop, to pay his outstanding rent for over 6 months or face legal action. He approaches her father, Harnam Singh, who not only lets him live there for free, but also befriends him, and invites him to Roop's birthday party. Roop gets impressed when he sings there and invites him for dinner along with her father. Before he could attend, he is asked to represent a courtesan client, Mohini, who is facing eviction by her landlord. He finds her resemblance to Roop quite unusual and mentions this during their dinner. This news apparently shocks Harnam, who gets hospitalized and subsequently passes away. Mohini, who is injured in an accident, retains him to sue Roop as she claims to be her sister, but the latter decides to let Mohini move in with her and share the estate. The latter's satisfaction will turn to bitterness when she finds out that Rajkumar shuns her and loves Roop while a former patron of Mohini, Shyam Sunder Laddan, prepares to blackmail both sisters. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Roop, a wealthy heiress, learns that she has a half-sister, Mohini, who grew up in the city's red-light district. She invites her into her home and insists that she shares everything she has. She doesn't mean the invitation to include her fianc, the handsome Rajkumar. Mohini has other ideas. The two women look identical and when Roop realises that Mohini has fallen in love, she decides to sacrifice her own happiness in order to atone for her father's sins. van Goethem It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 