nm0000451:

 Uncle Buck (1989)761) Bachelor and all-round slob Buck babysits his brother's rebellious teenage daughter and her cute younger brother and sister. As an idle, good-natured bachelor, Buck Russell is the last person you would think of to watch his brother Bob's three children. However, during a family crisis, he is suddenly left in charge of them. Unaccustomed to suburban life, he soon charms Miles and Maizy with his hefty cooking and his new way of doing the laundry. His carefree style does not impress everyone though - especially his rebellious teenage niece, Tia, and impatient girlfriend, Chanice. With a little bit of luck and a lot of love, he manages to surprise everyone in this heartwarming family comedy. edward-fraraccio Bob and Cindy Russell have a dilemma: Cindy's father, who lives far away, is sick and they need to go see him. However, who will look after their three children for the several days while they are away? Out of desperation they turn to someone whom they have grave reservations about in terms of his suitability for the job: Bob's single, lay about brother, Buck. grantss Buck Russell has a reputation for being unreliable and a bit of a house wrecker. It is therefore with reluctance, his brother, Bob, and sister-in-law, Cindy, agrees to leave Buck looking after their three children (a rebellious teenager and two harmless youngsters) when they visits Cindy's sick father. Rob Hartill Buck Russell is not the most reliable and trustworthy person around, and when his brother, Bob, and sister-in-law, Cindy, use him as a last resort to babysit their three children, he agrees to fill in while they go to Indianapolis to visit Cindy's sick father. While over at the house, Buck does his usual routines including going to smoky bowling alleys and smoking cigars. Yet, the longer and longer he is around with Miles and Maizy and the more he witnesses Tia slowly get seduced by her boyfriend, Bug, he learns responsibility and more to life than just being an eligible bachelor and having fun. commanderblue Bob Russell, his wife, Cindy, and their three kids, 15-year-old Tia, 8-year-old Miles, and 6-year old Maizy, recently moved from Indianapolis to Chicago, and Tia resents them for it because she, Miles, and Maizy were perfectly happy living in Indianapolis. Bob and Cindy are in bed one night when Cindy's aunt calls and tells them that her father has had a heart attack. She and Bob immediately make plans to go back to Indianapolis to visit him. After hearing this, Tia angrily tells Cindy that she would have a heart attack too if her family moved away from her. Then she slams her bedroom door in Cindy's face. With Bob and Cindy going to Indianapolis, the problem is who the babysitter will be. Even though Cindy doesn't like the idea, they choose Bob's brother, Buck, to do so. Cindy doesn't like him because she thinks he is a sloppy person who doesn't know how to do anything. While she and Bob are in Indianapolis, Buck takes over the house, and tries to do the best he can with Tia, Miles, and Maizy while he's having problems with Chanice Kobolowski, his girlfriend for the past 8 years. He bonds with Miles and Maizy and wins their love, but he has problems with Tia as he tries to protect her from her boyfriend, Bug, because unknown to her, Bug only wants her for one reason: sex. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the Chicago suburbs, Tia, Miles and Maizy Russell return home after a day of school. With their parents Bob and Cindy at work, Tia is in charge of her younger brother and sister. Tia also resents her parents' absence and the family's recent move to Illinois from Indianapolis. At the same time, tensions arise between Bob's brother, Buck, and his girlfriend, Chanice when they discuss Buck's impending first day of work at Chanice's tire store. Buck assures her that he will be at work in the morning; however, that night, Bob receive a phone call from Cindy's aunt informing them that Cindy's father has suffered a heart attack. Bob and Cindy make arrangements to head back to Indianapolis while also attempting to find a suitable babysitter for the kids. Only after every friend and neighbor proves unavailable, Cindy reluctantly agrees to allow Buck to watch the children. Buck also agrees because it will get him out of working for Chanice, and when he reaches his brother's house, he assures Cindy that he will take great care of the kids. With a sitter in place, Bob and Cindy head to the airport as Buck settles in. While Miles and Maizy take a liking to their uncle and his frank, fun-loving demeanor, Tia greets him with cold silence and is embarrassed when Buck drops her off at school. Buck spends the day wrestling with the washing machine and dealing with an eccentric neighbor, Marcy, who is unaware of Cindy and Bob's departure. That afternoon when Buck goes to pick her up, he discovers Tia and her boyfriend, Bug, kissing, who Buck takes an instant disliking to. Rather than allowing Tia to go out with Bug that night, Buck takes the whole family to a local bowling alley. He makes plans to bet on an upcoming horse race, hoping to win enough to allow him to lay off working the rest of the year. The following evening, Tia attends an outdoor party in the woods with Bug. Buck interrupts them, boasts of his skills with a hatchet, and grabs one from his trunk. He succeeds in scaring Bug but only strengthens Tia's resolve to stay with Bug. Buck's relationship with Chanice is further complicated when Tia tells Chanice, as an act of revenge, that Buck is cheating on her with next-door-neighbor, Marcy. Buck re-evaluates bachelorhood as he grows closer to the children and takes on domestic chores. While Buck washes laundry in the sink and dries it in the microwave, Marcy stops by and tries to get Buck to dance with her in the living room. Just then, Chanice discovers the couple, seemingly confirming Tia's accusations. Buck gets drunk, that night, to drown his sorrows and looks forward to winning at the race track the next day. However, when it is time to depart for the track, Tia is nowhere to be found. When the children divulge that she has left for a weekend party with Bug, Buck, in a fit of desperation, realizes he has no one to babysit while he goes to the track. After agonizing about taking the kids with him, Buck decides he cannot put them in that position. Instead, he calls Chanice and asks her to put her feelings aside and watch the children while he looks for Tia. Buck combs the neighborhood until he finds the house where the party takes place. Breaking into an upstairs room with a drill, Buck discovers Bug on a bed with another girl. Soon after, driving the streets, Buck finds Tia walking home. When she realizes Buck knows what occurred, the two have a heart-to-heart talk and Buck reveals that he has Bug in the trunk of his car. After forcing Bug to apologize to Tia, Buck lets him go, but sets down a golf ball and hits Bug on the head as he runs into the woods with a five-iron drive. Back home, Tia confesses to Chanice that she lied about Buck's flirtation with Marcy. Buck and Chanice make up, and the next morning Bob and Cindy return home to a repentant Tia and an uncle who departs as a valued member of the family. 
 Field of Dreams (1989)541) Iowa farmer Ray Kinsella is inspired by a voice he can't ignore to pursue a dream he can hardly believe. Supported by his wife, Ray begins the quest by turning his ordinary cornfield into a place where dreams can come true. Iowa farmer Ray Kinsella hears a voice in his corn field tell him, "If you build it, he will come." He interprets this message as an instruction to build a baseball field on his farm, upon which appear the ghosts of Shoeless Joe Jackson and the other seven Chicago White Sox players banned from the game for throwing the 1919 World Series. When the voices continue, Ray seeks out a reclusive author to help him understand the meaning of the messages and the purpose for his field. Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu> "If you build it, he will come", is what thirty-six year old novice farmer Ray Kinsella hears several times over the course of days from a bodiless voice emanating from somewhere in the corn field on his Iowa farm, the voice which no others around him hears. Later, he has a vision that the "it" is a baseball field, the "he" Shoeless Joe Jackson, infamous for his association in the Chicago 8, the eight players of the 1919 Chicago White Sox who were banned for life from the sport for throwing games during that year's World Series in exchange for money from gamblers. Although it was proved that Jackson did take money, it was never proved that he participated in throwing any of the games. Ray grew up with baseball, his long deceased father, John Kinsella, who played in the minor leagues, lived in Chicago during that infamous baseball year, and told stories to Ray often about it and his hero Shoeless Joe when Ray was growing up. Ray was estranged from his father at the time of his death, something that Ray now regrets. With the moral support of his wife Annie Kinsella, Ray tears up part of their corn field to build that baseball field. Ray eventually hears the voice telling him other things, always without a clear understanding on Ray's part of what it all means. One he believes has to do with famed '60's writer Terence Mann, now a recluse who stopped writing because he, renowned as *the* voice of his generation, didn't always want to be the answer to his generation's problems. Another he believes has to do with Archie "Moonlight" Graham, who played only one half of one inning of one major league game in 1922, and who died in 1972. Ray's voice led path may be difficult to achieve since cynical Mann may not have the same direction of the voice as Ray, and since Graham is dead. Ray will have to work through these puzzles to understand the full meaning of what the voice wants for him, which may not happen if he and Annie lose the farm and thus the baseball field, a real possibility due to the baseball field taking away from earning income from the farm, especially as Annie's cutthroat brother Mark, who says he is looking out for his sister's best interest, will do whatever needed to get Ray back to what Mark considers reality of earning a living from the farm. Huggo "If you build it, he will come." With these words, Iowa farmer Ray Kinsella ( Kevin Costner ) is inspired by a voice he can't ignore to pursue a dream he can hardly believe. Also starring Ray Liotta , James Earl Jones , and Amy Madigan , Field of Dreams is an extraordinary and unforgettable experience that has moved critics and audiences like no other film of its generation. Field of Dreams is a glowing tribute to all who dare to dream. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ray Kinsella (Kevin Costner) is a novice farmer who lives in rural Iowa with his wife, Annie (Amy Madigan), and their young daughter Karin (Gaby Hoffmann). Ray's deceased father, John Kinsella (Dwier Brown) loved baseball, the Chicago White Sox, and Shoeless Joe Jackson (Ray Liotta), who was banned from baseball for his part in throwing the 1919 World Series during the so-called 1919 Black Sox scandal. His father, though, seemed "worn down" by life. While walking through the cornfield, Ray hears a voice whisper, "If you build it, he will come." He imagines a baseball field in his cornfield. Annie is skeptical but she tells him to follow his vision. He works on the field for the next couple of days, hoping to find out what will happen. Neighbors stop along the road to watch and heckle as he plows under the corn. He waits all year to see whatever happens. Nothing happens, leaving a dejected Ray. One night the next summer, several deceased ballplayers from the 1919 team begin practicing and playing on the field. Soon after, Ray is told by his brother-in-law that unless he gets rid of the baseball field and returns it to farmland, he will go bankrupt. Ray hears the voice again, which prompts him to contact 1960s author Terence Mann (James Earl Jones), who had once written about the golden days of baseball. He wrote that as a child he dreamed of playing for the Dodgers on Ebbets Field. He goes to Boston to find Terence and bring him to a Red Sox game, which he envisioned in a dream one night. At the game, Ray sees a message on the scoreboard telling him to find a 1920s ballplayer named Archibald "Moonlight" Graham. Ray and Terence travel to Chisholm, Minnesota, Moonlight's hometown, to find him. The first place they check is the office of the local paper, but one of the researchers there tells them that Moonlight Graham been dead since 1972. A confused Terence and Ray return to their motel room, wondering how to find Moonlight. Ray decides to go out for a walk. During the walk, he discovers that he has somehow been magically transported back in time to 1972. He quickly finds the elderly Moonlight Graham (Burt Lancaster) in the streets, who has been working as a doctor since his brief time in the major leagues. In Graham's office, when Ray asks why he left baseball for medicine, Graham answers that he'd rather save lives as a medical doctor than scrounge through the minor leagues again. He declines Ray's invitation to fulfill his dream. When Ray comes back to the real world the next morning, he and Terence return to Iowa. On their way, they pick up a young hitchhiker. After a brief discussion of how the man is trying to find a way to play professional baseball, the young man introduces himself as Archie Graham (Frank Whaley) - the young Moonlight. The three return to the farm, where Moonlight begins to play with the other ghosts. More baseball players have appeared in Ray's absence, and Moonlight is having a great time playing, while also being razzed by the veteran players about his youth and enthusiasm. During an argument between Ray and his brother-in-law, who is forcing him to lease the property before it's too late, Karin falls off the bleachers. Karin appears to be not breathing. Moonlight quickly runs to help, but hesitates to leave the baseball field. He does step off the field, instantly becoming the old doctor Ray met in Chisholm. Graham recognizes that Karin is choking, and holding her steady and pounding her on the upper back, causing her to cough up the piece of hot dog that had blocked her airway. Ray realizes that Graham's decision means he cannot return to the field as his younger self, and apologizes to the doctor. Moonlight assures Ray that it's alright, and thanks him for his chance. He walks out into the ballfield toward the cornfield, the players now addressing Graham with subdued, respectful voices. Terence and Karin persuade Ray's brother-in-law that tourists will pay admission to see the magic of this field to bring back memories of the game. At the end of the day, the players head for the cornstalks in the outfield. Just before vanishing, Shoeless Joe asks Terence if he will come with them. An angry Ray demands to know why he can't go. Terence persuades him that he has to stay behind to take care of his family. After saying goodbye, Terence walks into the cornstalks and disappears. Shoeless Joe then tells Ray, "If you build it, HE will come", and glances toward a player near home plate in catcher's equipment. The player removes his mask, and Ray recognizes his father, John, as a young man. At his wife's urging, Ray introduces John to his granddaughter, Karin, catching himself before telling Karin who he is, and simply introducing him as "John". As his father is heading toward the outfield, to leave with the rest of the players, Ray asks his father to play catch, finally calling him "Dad", as father and son choke back tears. As they play catch, a long line of cars begin approaching the baseball field - people coming to watch the game... thus fulfilling Karin and Terrence's prophecy that people will come to watch baseball. 
 Now and Then (1995)Summaries Four 12-year-old girls grow up together during an eventful small-town summer in 1970. Four childhood friends, now in their thirties, are having a reunion. Their lives have gone separate and very different ways. Together again they reminisce about their younger years, especially the eventful period when they were 12 years old. grantss Roberta, Teeny, Samantha and Chrissy have been busy growing up, but they always remembered the promise they made to be there for each other. Now they're together again to relive the greatest summer of their lives. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Everyone Says I Love You (1996)44) A New York girl sets her father up with a beautiful woman in a troubled marriage while her stepsister gets engaged. Holden and Skylar are in love. Skylar lives with a large extended family in Manhattan. Her parents, Bob and Steffi, have been married for many years. Joe, a friend of theirs, has a daughter, DJ, with Steffi. After yet another relationship, Joe is alone again. He flees to Venice, where he meets Von, and makes her believe that he is the man of her dreams. However, their happiness is fake all the way, and Von returns to her husband. Steffi spends her time in philanthropy, and manages to break up Skylar and Holden by introducing Skylar to ex-con Charles Ferry. <THURESON@HEM.PASSAGEN.SE> Djuna Berlin - D.J. to most that know her - serves as the narrator of the current stories associated with the ultra-wealthy, ultra-liberal and all-inclusive Park Avenue household in which she lives, which was formed by the marriage of her mother Steffi, always working on one cause or another, and Bob Dandridge, a lawyer. The one current blight in the house is Bob's son from his first marriage, Scott Dandridge, who has recently begun to espouse ultra-conservative philosophies and politics. Steffi and Bob's two offspring together, mid-teens Lane Dandridge and Laura Dandridge, are like two peas in a pod, which may become a problem in they both liking the same boy they see around in the neighborhood. Skylar Dandridge, Bob's other offspring from his first marriage, is in love with Holden Spence, who works in Bob's firm. Holden, who has no sense of what it means to be romantic, asks for D.J.'s help in devising a memorable marriage proposal to Skylar. Skylar, who is a bit of a neophyte when it comes to love, may believe there are other things out there besides staid Holden, especially as Steffi exposes the household to the down and out through her philanthropy. D.J. tells herself she doesn't see getting married like Skylar as she goes in and out of one pseudo-serious relationship after another. One other person D.J. talks about is her "real" father, Steffi's first husband, Paris-based writer Joe Berlin, who both Steffi and Bob consider a good friend. Joe is reeling from his latest breakup with a woman named Giselle, he bemoaning how his relationships never work. D.J. believes the woman to who Joe has recently been attracted to from afar would be the perfect woman for him based on inside information D.J. has about her which she feeds to her father to play upon the woman's deepest fantasies. The fact that she is married is inconsequential, at least in this situation. Huggo A family of rich liberal Upper East Siders are involved in the lessons of life as though it were a musical from the 1930's. The extended family of liberal lawyer Bob includes a do-gooder wife, daughters, son, grandfather, German maid, stepdaughter and even the ex-husband. While the story concerns love and engagements, a number of scenes are set in music to the traditions of the old musicals where lines would lead into songs and dances. Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 