nm0005205:

 The Conners (2018 )Summaries Follow-up to the comedy series Roseanne (1988) , centering on the family members of the matriarch after her sudden death. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 High School Musical: The Musical - The Series (2019 )Summaries The students from the school where the High School Musical films were shot stage a musical production based on the franchise. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia (2005 )Summaries Five friends with big egos and small brains are the proprietors of an Irish pub in Philadelphia. The gang, 5 raging alcoholic, narcissists run a failing dive bar in south philly. The gang make up some scheme for sex, money, fame or for any other terrible reason you could think of. It always goes south however, as the gang (sometimes literally) have their plans blow up in their face. Five egocentric friends who run a neighborhood Irish pub in Philadelphia try to find their way through the adult world of work and relationships. Unfortunately, their warped views and precarious judgments often lead them to trouble, creating myriad uncomfortable situations that usually only get worse before they get better. DesertShark25 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Bold Type (20172021)Summaries A glimpse into the outrageous lives and loves of those responsible for a global women's magazine. "The Bold Type" is inspired by the life of "Cosmopolitan" editor in chief, Joanna Coles. The show is a glimpse into the outrageous lives and loves of those responsible for a global women's magazine. Their struggles are about finding your identity, managing friendships and getting your heart broken, all while wearing the perfect jeans to flatter any body type. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 