nm0011509:

 Big Brother Uncut (20012013)Summaries An Australian version to the popular reality TV show in which ordinary people must live together under the watchful eye of the TV cameras until only one remains. Naturally, with every room of the house wired for video, some things will by captured on film that can't be shown on regular TV. This program collects those clips together so that we may see our favorite contestants changing their clothes and taking showers. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> An Australian/New Zealand version of the incredibly popular reality TV show in which ordinary people are filmed living together under the same roof, driving each other crazy until only one remains. With seven days of 24-hour filming in so many rooms, there's too much footage for the regular viewer to see everything that's going on. This show collects together the most interesting clips to keep everyone up to date on what their favorite (or least favorite) players are doing. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Big Brother (V) (20012021)Summaries A group of everyday, run of the mill Australians placed in a house (located at Dreamworld in sunny Queensland's Gold Coast) surrounded by cameras and microphones for 3 months to compete for a $250 000 cash prize Twelve contestants, who have never met are challenged to stay in a house, cut off from any contact with the outside world for 85 days. There is a cash prize of $250,000 for the winner. The contestants are free to leave at any time, but if they do, they walk away empty-handed. Once a week the contestants nominate three members of the group for eviction, with viewers making the final decision, by way of a phone-in, of who will leave the house. Conditions inside the house are basic, but occupants earn money to supplement their rations if they all successfully complete weekly assignments, designed to test their team spirit. Over the weeks the numbers will be whittled away until eventually, one contestant will emerge victorious. In the meantime, the residents of the BIG BROTHER house have no idea of what the public thinks of them or what impact they are having on the world. Anonymous The concept is simple. A cast of 14 young Australians live out a real-life drama in a purpose built house for three months. 25 cameras will follow their every move, 24 hours a day. House members will compete for a $250,000 cash prize. The person to survive to the end, by earning the greatest respect of their housemates and the viewing public, will walk away with the cash. It's a 'docu-soap', where the characters are fully exposed. All the human drama of a bunch of strangers thrown together, completely cut off from the outside world, sharing everything. All the while, Big Brother, and a massive audience, is watching. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 My Kitchen Rules (2010 )Summaries My Kitchen Rules is an Australian reality television cooking competition that first aired on the Seven Network in 2010. In each series, several teams of two compete against each other for the chance to win a cash prize. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zumbo's Just Desserts (20162020)Summaries Amateur Australian chefs compete to impress patisserie chef Adriano Zumbo with their sweet creations. Those who don't fit the brief go head to head in the 'Zumbo test' to replicate his unique desserts. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 