nm0004054:

 Journey to the Center of the Earth (2008)321) On a quest to find out what happened to his missing brother, a scientist, his nephew and their mountain guide discover a fantastic and dangerous lost world in the center of the earth. Professor Trevor Anderson receives his teenager nephew Sean Anderson. He will spend ten days with his uncle while his mother, Elizabeth, prepares to move to Canada. She gives a box to Trevor that belonged to his missing brother, Max, and Trevor find a book with references to the last journey of his brother. He decides to follow the steps of Max with Sean and they travel to Iceland, where they meet the guide Hannah sgeirsson. While climbing a mountain, there is a thunderstorm and they protect themselves in a cave. However, lightening collapses the entrance and the trio is trapped in the cave. They seek an exit and fall in a hole, discovering a lost world in the center of the Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Journey to the Centre of the Earth is a science fantasy action-adventure movie. In this movie, the main characters are Trevor Anderson, Sean Anderson, Max Anderson, Hannah, Elizabeth. So, the synopsis of this movie is as follows. Trevor Anderson is a volcanologist and teaches the student in the university also. At the work, Trevor found that his brother's lab is being shut down because of a lack of funding. So, he comes home and sits in a chair to relax and found some messages on the answering machine. When he plays that recording, he found that the messages are from Liz (Max's wife and Sean's mother). He is forgotten that his nephew Sean is coming to spend some days with him. When Liz drops Sean, she leaves Trevor with a box of items that belonged to Max (Trevor's brother and Sean's father) who disappeared years before. Sean takes interest when Trevor says about his father, whom he never really had a chance to meet. Inside the box, Trevor discovers a couple of things. In that, he found the novel Journey to the Centre of the Earth by Jules Verne. Inside the book, he finds notes written by his brother. So, he goes to his laboratory to find out more information on the notes. There he decides that he must go to Iceland to investigate further. He decides to send Sean back to his mother, but Sean protest it, so he decides to bring Sean with him. They started looking for another volcanologist. When they get to that scientist, they meet his daughter Hannah, who informs them he is dead. She tells them that both her father and Max believed in that book. After some discussion, she offers to help them climb up to the instrument which suddenly started sending data. While hiking the mountain a lightning storm arrives and forces three of them into a cave. Because the lightning storm hit the cave, its entrance got collapses and trapping them inside the cave. So, they do not have any alternative way except to go deeper into the cave, which turns out in an abandoned mine. So, the three of them decide to go deeper into the cave to investigate for Hannah farther and Max into the mine. Suddenly they found a hole in a wall after hitting a trolly on the dead-end of the mine. While investigating the fall into a deep pit, taking them to the "Centre of the Earth". They all continue the travel until they discover a cave that Max lived in. They found some old journal of Max, meanwhile, Hannah discovers Max's dead body. So, they all bury him. At that point, Trevor reads a message from the journal that was written by Max on Sean's 3rd birthday. While reading Max's journal they realize that they must quickly leave, as the temperature is continuously increasing. Trevor figures out that they must find a steam power that can send them to the surface, and it must be done in 48 hours, or all of the water which creates the steam will be gone. Also, must do this before the temperature rises past 135 degrees. They begin by crossing the underground ocean, and suddenly the Trevor and Hannah got separated from Sean. So now Sean's guide is a little bird who has been present since the three of them entered the Centre. After Sean comes closer to the river, he encounters a Tyrannosaurus. Trevor who is searching for him saves by digging a hole in the wall and putting the Tyrannosaurus in a big hole. When they arrive at the river, they found it is dried up and all the water is on the other side of a wall. Trevor uses a flare to fire the magnesium in the wall and take out the water to create a powerful steam pressure to shoot them outside that place. When they throw out from that pit and destroy the home of an Italian man, they found that it was Italy where they have landed. Sean gives him a diamond (which he had found earlier in the caves) for the penalty of the destroyed house. Trevor founds that Sean has many more in his backpack, and they can be used for funding his brother's laboratory. At the end of this movie, Trevor hand over a book titled "Atlantis" on the final day of Sean's visit with him (and Hannah), suggesting they could hang out during Christmas break. 
 Scorcher (I) (2002)Summaries The only hope for humanity to survive a natural disaster is to detonate a nuclear bomb in Los Angeles, California. After a disastrous nuclear accident, scientists discover the Earth's tectonic plates are shifting and creating immense pressure that will destroy the Earth in a fiery global eruption, and it's up to a few top scientists to find a way to stop it. Yocke It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Net (I) (1995)321) A computer programmer stumbles upon a conspiracy, putting her life and the lives of those around her in great danger. Angela Bennett is a computer expert. This young and beautiful analyst is never far from a computer and modem. The only activity she has outside of computers is visiting her mother. A friend, whom she's only spoken to over the net and phone, Dale Hessman, sent her a program with a weird glitch for her to de-bug. That night, he left to meet her and was killed in a plane crash. Angela discovers secret information on the disk she has received only hours before she leaves for vacation. Her life then turns into a nightmare, her records are erased from existence and she is given a new identity, one with a police record. She struggles to find out why this has happened and who has it in for her. Official DVD cover Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Washington DC, U.S. Under Secretary of Defense Michael Bergstrom (Ken Howard) commits suicide after being informed that he has tested positive for HIV. Angela Bennett (Sandra Bullock) is a computer systems analyst in living in Venice, Los Angeles, California who telecommutes to her employment at Cathedral Software based in San Francisco. Her interpersonal relationships are almost completely online and on the phone, with the exception of forgettable interactions with her neighbors and visits to her 60-year-old mother (Diane Baker), who is institutionalized with an early onset type of Alzheimer's disease and often forgets who Angela is. Angela's co-worker Dale (Ray McKinnon) sends her a 3.5 inch floppy disk with a backdoor labeled 'Pi' that permits access to a commonly used computer security system called "Gatekeeper" sold by Gregg Microsystems, a software company led by CEO Jeff Gregg. Dale and Angela agree to meet, but later that night the navigation system in Dale's private aircraft malfunctions and it crashes into a tower, killing him. Angela travels to Cozumel, Mexico for a week-long on vacation, where she meets Jack Devlin (Jeremy Northam), a charming English-accent businessman who charms his way into her life. After seducing Angela, Devlin pays a local mugger to steal her purse as they walk along the beach during an after-dinner stroll. He chases the mugger into the foliage, catches the mugger, and roots through the purse to find the disk before shooting the mugger dead. Devlin takes Angela out on his speedboat to kill her as well after sleeping with her again, but she finds his gun and confronts him. While fleeing with the disk and Devlin's wallet, Angela's dinghy collides with rocks, destroying the disk and hospitalizing her. She is unconscious for three days. When Angela wakes up, she finds that all records of her life have been deleted: She was checked out of her hotel room in Cozumel, her car is no longer at the LAX airport parking lot, and all of her credit cards are invalid. When she arrives home by taxi, Angela discovers that her house is now empty and listed for sale. Moreover, because none of the neighbors remember her, they cannot confirm her identity. Things turn from bad to worse when after contacting the police, Angela's Social Security number is now assigned to a "Ruth Marx," for whom Devlin has entered an arrest record by hacking the police computer system. Angela is forced to flee for her life. Once on the streets, she steals a cell phone from the real estate agent in her former house and calls her own desk at Cathedral Software, an impostor (Wendy Gazelle) answers and offers Bennett her old life back in exchange for the disk. Angela contacts the only other person who knows her by sight, psychiatrist and former lover Alan Champion (Dennis Miller). He checks her into a hotel, offers to contact a friend at the FBI, and arranges to have her mother moved for her safety. Using her knowledge of the backdoor and a password found in Devlin's wallet, Angela logs into the Bethesda Naval Hospital's computers and learns that Under Secretary of Defense Bergstrom, who had opposed Gatekeeper's use by the federal government, was misdiagnosed. Fellow hacker "Cyberbob" connects 'Pi' with the "Praetorians," a notorious group of cyber-terrorists linked to recent computer failures around the country. Angela and Cyberbob plan to meet, but the unseen Praetorians intercept their online chat and relay it to Devlin who is now relentlessly pursuing her. Angela manages to escape from Devlin... who is now revealed to be a contract killer for the cyber-terrorists, but the Praetorians kill Champion by tampering with pharmacy and hospital computer records for his medication. Angela is forced to steal a car to flee from Los Angeles, but she is chased and arrested by the California Highway Patrol. While in jail waiting trial for a series of false criminal charges, a man identifying himself as Ben Phillips (Robert Gossette), Champion's FBI friend bails her from jail. While driving, Angela realizes that "Ben" is an impostor after he makes a slip to her about the Praetorians, and escapes again, killing the impostor with his own gun. Now wanted for murder and thought to be Ruth Marx, Angela hitchhikes to Cathedral's office in San Francisco where, she triggers a fire alarm to evacuate the building and now using her impostor's computer, she connects the cyber-terrorists to Gregg Microsystems and uncovers their scheme: once the Praetorians sabotage an organization's computer system, Gregg sells Gatekeeper to it and gains unlimited access through the backdoor. Angela downloads another 3.5 inch disk and escapes just as the impostor realizes her presence. Angela escapes from the building and makes her way to the Moscone Center with Devlin and the Bennett impostor in pursuit. After finding a desktop site to log on, she emails evidence of the backdoor and Gregg's involvement with the Praetorians to the FBI just before Devlin and the Bennett impostor catch up with her. Angela then tricks Devlin into releasing a virus into Gregg's mainframe, destroying Gatekeeper and undoing the erasing of her identity. During a battle on the catwalks of the convention center, in which Devlin accidentally kills the Bennett impostor from Cathedral Software (revealed to be the real Ruth Marx), Angela ambushes Devlin with a fire extinguisher, causing him to fall to his death. At the end, Angela Bennett regains her identity, home, and life. She then reunites with her mother (who still does not remember her) and goes back to her old solitary life. In a series of news reports, the conspiracy is exposed, with Jeff Gregg being arrested by the FBI. 
 Believe (1996)Summaries Believe depicts differences of believes regarding alien abductions. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 