nm0000223:

 The Karate Kid (1984)761) A martial arts master agrees to teach karate to a bullied teenager. Daniel and his mother move from New Jersey to California. She has a wonderful new job, but Daniel quickly discovers that a dark haired Italian boy with a Jersey accent doesn't fit into the blond surfer crowd. Daniel manages to talk his way out of some fights, but he is finally cornered by several who belong to the same karate school. As Daniel is passing out from the beating he sees Miyagi, the elderly gardener leaps into the fray and save him by outfighting half a dozen teenagers. Miyagi and Daniel soon find out the real motivator behind the boys' violent attitude in the form of their karate teacher. Miyagi promises to teach Daniel karate and arranges a fight at the all-valley tournament some months off. When his training begins, Daniel doesn't understand what he is being shown. Miyagi seems more interested in having Daniel paint fences and wax cars than teaching him Karate. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> After leaving his hometown in New Jersey, the gangly teenager, Daniel LaRusso, arrives in sunny Los Angeles with his single mother, Lucille. Like a fish out of water, the shy newcomer will be up against the difficulty of fitting in--and on top of that--he will soon find himself being targeted in school by Johnny Lawrence's gang of local karate-practising bullies. Under those circumstances and constantly picked on, Daniel will turn to the building's inscrutable caretaker and unexpected master martial arts mentor, Mr Miyagi, who will agree to teach Daniel karate for the upcoming tournament. Eventually, taken under Miyagi's wing, the apt pupil will learn a compassionate and more delicate form of karate; however, is the inexperienced Daniel a match for brutal Johnny and Cobra Kai Dojo's lethal karate? Nick Riganas Daniel LaRusso has just moved from New Jersey to Reseda, CA (a neighborhood in Los Angeles) and is finding it hard to acclimatise to life in the new city. He is promised a swimming pool and a beautiful house, but when they get there, it's anything but nice. He meets a beautiful blond girl, but encounters a gang of bullies who make his life a living hell. This further dampens Daniel's spirit as he just wants to go home. He is continually bullied and is afraid to show his face around the high school. He then meets mentor/handyman Mr. Miyagi who takes the naive Daniel under his wing and shows him that Karate and life aren't all about power and strength. It's something deep within you're soul that makes you what you are. Daniel is the underdog and faces the biggest challenge of his life. WIN and he can rejoice forever knowing he beat the bullies. LOSE? They'll never let him forget it!! James Phillips (edited by Anonymous) Daniel is new in town, and is getting picked on by the local bullies, who all are adept in karate. Determined to stick up for himself, Daniel begins to teach himself karate, only to discover that the caretaker at his apartment seems to be a grand master in karate. Agreeing to teach Daniel, Mr. Miyagi shows Daniel that there is more to karate than violence, and perhaps the best way to solve the problem he has with the bullies is in the All Valley Karate Championship. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Meet Daniel Larusso, a mild-mannered New Jersey teenager who has to move from his native state to Los Angeles, California when his mother was offered a job there. He thought that he was going to have a nice house with a pool, then he finds out that his new home is a crummy apartment. He tries to fit into the Californian crowd, what he finds is a nice girl from his new high school, and punks (of a karate school named the Cobra Kai) who want to make his life miserable. Then, a Japanese handyman named Keusuke Miyagi comes to aid Daniel. He asked Miyagi to teach him karate, which he does (in a roundabout way). Daniel and Miyagi then developed a great relationship and he wanted to teach the karate fighting punks a lesson, so he signs up for a karate tournament. Daniel is determined to win. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Daniel LaRusso ( Ralph Macchio ) is a teenager who moves from New Jersey to Los Angeles after his widowed mother, Lucille ( Randee Heller ), gets a new job. Daniel is unhappy at having to move, make new friends and leave his old friends behind, but he promises Lucille he'll do his best to make a new life in California. Daniel quickly makes a new friend, Freddy Fernandez ( Israel Juarbe ) at the apartment complex. When the faucet at their new apartment breaks, Daniel goes to see the maintenance man, Mr. Miyagi ( Pat Morita ), who is attempting to catch a fly with chopsticks. He seems annoyed at being interrupted but assures he will get to them in due time. Freddy invites Daniel to a beach party where he spots a beautiful blonde named Ali Mills ( Elisabeth Shue ). As the sun goes down, local troublemaker Johnny Lawrence ( William Zabka ) and his flunkies, Tommy ( Rob Garrison ) and Bobby Brown ( Ron Thomas ), crash the party on their motorcycles. After menacingly circling around their bonfire a few times, Johnny dismounts and argues with Ali, revealed to be his ex-girlfriend. He destroys her stereo, prompting Daniel to stand up to him. Johnny quickly reveals that he knows martial arts, and he easily beats up Daniel, giving him a black eye. Daniel is humiliated and refuses Ali's help when she seems concerned. He attempts to hide the eye injury from Lucille by wearing sunglasses to school; when this fails, he lies and tells her that he fell off his bicycle. Daniel receives further humiliation during the soccer tryouts at his new school, when Bobby slide tackles Daniel, prompting Daniel to tackle him and land a punch to his face, which gets him expelled from the field. Although Daniel has some basic knowledge of martial arts via some YMCA self-defense classes, he decides he needs a refresher. While he exercises, Miyagi comes in to fix the sink and comments on Daniel's attempts to learn from a book. He also inquires how Daniel could fall off a bicycle without sustaining any injuries to his arm. When Daniel meets Lucille for lunch he notices a karate school, the Cobra Kai dojo, across the street from the restaurant, and decides to check it out after Lucille returns to work. The dojo's sensei, an ex-Special Forces Vietnam Veteran by the name of John Kreese ( Martin Kove ), runs the dojo like a boot camp, instilling his students with a Draconian philosophy he refers to as "the Way of the Fist", which emphasizes ruthlessness, ferocity, and no mercy. When he sees Johnny, Tommy, and Bobby among Kreese's students, he nervously leaves. While riding home that night on his bike, Johnny and his friends sideswipe Daniel on their motorbikes, causing him to fall down a hill. Daniel is mildly injured but more scared and humiliated. Arriving back at home, Lucille sees him tossing his wrecked bike in a dumpster. Daniel, angry at how his life has been disrupted with the move, tells his mother he wants to move back to New Jersey. As they walk away, Miyagi emerges from his workshop, having heard their conversation. The next day, Daniel finds his bike out of the dumpster and repaired. He goes to Miyagi's workshop and finds out that Miyagi had repaired it for him. Miyagi is also pruning bonsai trees and invites Daniel to try it. Daniel is resistant but Miyagi convinces him that it's a relaxing hobby. Miyagi also shares some of his own personal history with Daniel: he learned about pruning bonsai trees from this father while living in his home town of Okinawa, Japan. Ali and Daniel both decorate the school gymnasium for an upcoming Halloween dance. Daniel, however, chooses not to attend; when Miyagi asks him why, Daniel says he doesn't have a costume. Miyagi also senses that Daniel lacks confidence in himself, and fashions a costume for Daniel consisting of a shower head and curtain. Daniel arrives at the school and meets with Ali, dancing briefly with her. A prankster at the dance smashes a raw egg on Daniel's head and he goes to the bathroom to clean up. Johnny is in one of the stalls, dressed like a skeleton (the other Cobra Kai are as well) and rolling marijuana joints. Daniel rigs a prank, dangling a hose over Johnny and turning on the water, dousing his enemy. Johnny rushes out of the bathroom after Daniel. Ali briefly stalls them by tripping Johnny and spilling all the other Cobra Kais to the floor. Daniel rushes out of the school and nearly makes it over the fence at his home when the Kais catch him and begin to beat him seriously. Yelling about how enemies deserve "no mercy", Johnny winds up for a brutal kick and misses when Miyagi appears and pushes Daniel out of the way. The Kais attack Miyagi, who easily defeats them, including Johnny. Leaving them all on the ground and writhing in pain, Miyagi takes Daniel to his workshop and places a medicinal bandanna on his head and gives him strong tea to drink. Daniel is amazed that an older man is skilled in karate and asks Miyagi to teach him. Miyagi mentions that the Kais' problem is not their own doing but must be their teacher's. Miyagi suggests that Daniel talk to their teacher; Daniel refuses, thinking he'll be beaten again. Miyagi is reluctant to get involved but agrees to teach Daniel and also agrees to go with him to Cobra Kai and speak with Kreese. At the Cobra Kai dojo the next day, Daniel and Miyagi watch as Kreese lectures his students that an opponent is also the enemy and deserves no mercy. When Johnny notices that Daniel and Miyagi are in the room, Kreese interrupts his class and confronts the visitors. Kreese scornfully dismisses Miyagi's request that his students leave Daniel alone and orders Daniel to fight Johnny immediately. Miyagi wants the odds to be more even for Daniel and suggests that Daniel and the Kais match up at the All-Valley Karate tournament a few weeks from then. Kreese likes the challenge and agrees. Kreese also agrees to order his students not to touch Daniel until then, but warns that if Daniel does not show up at the tournament, the harassment will be allowed to resume, which will then include Miyagi. Miyagi takes Daniel to his home to begin his training. Out in front of the house are a dozen classic American cars. Miyagi tells Daniel that they'll have to make a pact: Miyagi will instruct Daniel and his student will not question his method. When Daniel agrees, Miyagi hands Daniel a sponge and orders him to wash and wax all the cars. Miyagi's instructions are very specific; Daniel will only use the sponge and waxing cloths by moving his hands and arms in wide circles. He will also breathe deeply, in through his nose & out through his mouth. In the weeks that follow, Miyagi gives Daniel further chores to complete with similar instructions on technique: sanding a walkway that leads around Miyagi's backyard (landscaped to be a Japanese garden), staining the fence that surrounds his property and painting his house. With each new chore, Daniel's frustration grows at the seeming lack of any karate training and Miyagi's minimal praise of his work. One night, after finishing the painting of Miyagi's house, Daniel expresses his frustration to his teacher. Miyagi tells Daniel to show him how he washed and polished the cars. When Daniel tells him his shoulder aches too much, Miyagi uses acupressure to relieve the tension and orders Daniel to show him the motions he'd been using to do the chores. Daniel quickly realizes that the chores (which are essentially Daniel's "fee" for the lessons) were also practice for defensive moves, exercises to build muscle tone, his reflexes and proper breathing technique. After a few minutes of practice, Miyagi suddenly yells and throws several punches and kicks at Daniel, all of which Daniel blocks easily. Miyagi also shows Daniel how to bow to his opponent, making sure Daniel looks his opponent in the eye, both for defense and to convey respect. Daniel goes on his first official date with Ali. When he arrives, driven by Lucille, at Ali's house, he finds that her parents are quite wealthy and live in Beverly Hills. Daniel is incredibly nervous and embarrassed, especially when Lucille's car won't start and they have to push-start it. However, the date with Ali is enjoyable and his embarrassment melts. In the weeks that follow, Miyagi has Daniel work on his defensive techniques and learn physical balance by standing on the beach and trying to stay upright against the large strong waves of the ocean. When Daniel comes out of the water, he sees Miyagi standing on a post down the beach. Miyagi is practicing a move where he lifts his arms and one leg, but kicks with the other. When Daniel asks him what the move is Miyagi calls it the "crane technique" saying that if it's performed properly, an opponent will have no defense. Back at Miyagi's pickup truck, there are a couple of drunken men who have placed their empty beer bottles on the fender. Miyagi politely asks them to take them off. When the men refuse and insult Miyagi's Japanese heritage, Miyagi suddenly chops the tops of the bottles with a slice of his bare hand. The men quickly remove the bottles. Ali asks Daniel to meet her for another date. Daniel goes to Ali's parents country club where he sees Ali dancing with Johnny. When Johnny spots Daniel, he forces Ali to kiss him. Daniel, ashamed, goes to leave and runs into a waiter, who spills a tray of food on him, drawing laughter from everyone who sees the accident. Ali, furious, punches Johnny and leaves, which Daniel does not see happen. Later that night, at Miyagi's house, Daniel finds him drunk and dressed in an Army sergeant's uniform. Miyagi shows Daniel a picture of his late wife and has Daniel drink a toast with him. After a few minutes, Miyagi passes out in his bed and Daniel covers him with a blanket. Daniel finds an Army document stating that Miyagi's wife and child had died during birth at the Manzanar relocation camp for Japanese Americans in California. Daniel also discovers that Miyagi is a war hero, having been awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor. Before leaving, Daniel bows to his teacher. More time passes and Daniel continues to train, often alone. He also practices Miyagi's crane kick at the beach. Miyagi also teaches Daniel how to punch, harshly reprimanding Daniel when the boy begins to goof off. Daniel's 16th birthday comes around and he has cake and ice cream with Miyagi. He has also passed his driver's test. Miyagi gives Daniel a Japanese robe with an embroidered bonsai tree sewn into the back. Miyagi's other present is one of the cars he had Daniel wash and wax, a yellow 1948 Ford Super Deluxe. He tells Daniel to go out and find the "balance" in his life; realizing that he has confidence and to pursue his relationship with Ali. Daniel drives to a local hangout and finds Ali, intending to confront her about kissing Johnny. She mostly ignores him until Ali's friend Susan explains that Johnny had kissed her only to humiliate Daniel and that Ali had hurt her wrist while punching Johnny for that affront. Daniel apologizes to Ali and she accepts. He takes her out for a drive in his new car. On the day of the tournament, Ali and Lucille join him. At the registration desk the official asks what degree of belt Daniel has attained. Miyagi tells the official that Daniel is a black belt and slyly steals the official's belt from his bag sitting beside the desk, giving it to Ali. In the locker room while dressing, Daniel is confronted by some of the Cobra Kais led by Dutch, one of Kreese's top-ranking students,. One of the referees orders the Kais out. In the tourney ring, Daniel squares off and beats his first opponent. He continues to advance, much to his own surprise. In the higher rounds, Daniel faces off against some of the Cobra Kais. When Daniel defeats Tommy and Dutch, Kreese orders Bobby to use an illegal kick to deliberately injure Daniel's knee, taking him out of the competition. Though disgusted, Bobby complies, severely injuring Daniel and getting disqualified in the process. Daniel is taken to the locker room where a medic tells him he won't be able to finish the competition. Daniel is devastated, but Ali, Lucille, and Miyagi all tell him that he made his point, and further fighting isn't necessary. However, after both women have left, Daniel asks Miyagi to use acupressure to fix his knee, like he did for his shoulder during training. Though Miyagi initially reiterates Lucille's comments that Daniel has nothing left to prove, Daniel insists he will never be able to achieve his life's balance if he knows his tormentors have gotten the best of him. Miyagi agrees and partially heals Daniel's leg. Daniel returns to the ring moments before Johnny is about to be named winner by default. Needing three contact points to win, both square off and after several tense rounds the score is tied at two each. Daniel tries a high kick which is caught by Johnny, who, under orders from Kreese, plants an elbow in Daniel's injured knee. Daniel, despite being in pain, is undeterred and lines up for the final round. He takes up the crane technique pose and with an approving look from Miyagi, waits for Johnny to make his move. Daniel kicks out with his leg and connects with Johnny's chin, scoring a third point and winning the match and title. As he's carried around on the shoulders of the other competitors, Johnny congratulates him and hands him the championship trophy. Daniel celebrates his triumph and sees Miyagi nearly smiling. 
 The Saint (1997)55) Simon Templar (The Saint), is a thief for hire, whose latest job to steal the secret process for cold fusion puts him at odds with a traitor bent on toppling the Russian government, as well as the woman who holds its secret. Simon Templar has no real family, no real home, and Simon Templar isn't even his real name. Yet, Simon Templar, also known as the Saint for his use of creating false identities using the names of Catholic saints, is one of the world's most successful thieves. Slick, debonair, and a master of disguise, Simon manages to outwit the police again and again. On his next job, he is hired by the Russian Mafia to steal a cold fusion energy formula from scientist Emma Russel. However, the mission backfires as he falls for the pretty, intelligent scientist. Simon and his new love must now manage to outwit the Russian Mafia and work out the energy formula before the worst happens, and the U.S. is affected forever. LadyN1 Simon Templar, a fictitious name a young orphan boy invented for himself in a Hong Kong orphanage years ago, is now a suave, debonair, international thief who needs to pull off just one more exuberant heist to put him at the fifty million dollar mark in his Swiss bank account (his goal amount for retirement). An easy job: simply steal Dr. Emma Russel's formula for cold-fusion, and deliver it to a Russian billionaire bent on sending Russia back to Communism. No problem, right? Wrong! There's one thing Mr. Templar, master of disguise didn't count on, falling in love. Shannon De Lacy <delacy@execpc.com> As a young orphan, a boy refuses to accept the name given him by Priests and instead chooses to take on the name of Simon Templar after the Saint of magic. Speed ahead and the young boy is now a master thief in bidding wars with countries for his services. Using his skills of master disguise, he eludes all pursuers as he assumes names associated with the various Saints. In this role, after stealing from a Russian industrialist, the industrialist hires The Saint to steal a formula for cold fusion being developed by a young female scientist. Cold fusion is said to permit a nation to heat its citizens with only a few gallons of water. However, on this case, The Saint falls in love with the scientist placing him in a quandary of fulfilling his professional obligations or staying with the innocent young scientist. When she becomes threatened by the Russian Mafia, he has no choice but to go ahead with his job. However, she follows him to Moscow, setting off a chase across the city and through their sewers. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Ivan Tretiak is a Russian Mafia boss who wants to create an oil crisis in Moscow and seize power. As a result, he sends Simon Templar, great international criminal, to England to get a secret formula for cold fusion from U.S. scientist Emma Russell. That formula will give Tretiak a source of cheap energy and a lot of money as result. Templar falls in love with Emma and they try to outwit Tretiak and his guerrillas, hiding from them in Moscow. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Adventures in Babysitting (1987)871) A babysitter must battle her way through the big city after being stranded there with the kids she's looking after. Chris Parker agrees to babysit after her boyfriend, Mike Todwell, stands her up. Expecting a dull evening, she settles down with three kids for a night of TV...and boredom. But when her frantic friend, Brenda, calls and pleads to be rescued from the bus station in downtown Chicago, the evening soon explodes into an endless whirl of hair raising adventures. Chris and the kids leave their safe suburban surroundings and head for the heart of the big city, never imagining how terrifyingly funny their expedition will become. Anonymous In Oak Park, Illinois, seventeen year-old Chris Parker is in love with her boyfriend, Mike Todwell. When he stands her up and cancels their date, she accepts to babysit Brad and Sara Anderson. But her friend, Brenda, calls her telling that she decided to run away home but now she has repented; she begs Chris to rescue her from the bus station in downtown Chicago. Chris makes a deal with Brad and Sara and when she is ready to drive to the city, Brad's friend, Daryl Coopersmith, overhears the negotiation and blackmails her to go with them. However, when they are on the expressway, she gets a flat tire and realizes that she left her purse at the house. A mechanic named Pruitt stops this tow truck and offers to take her car to his garage. She sees no other option and accepts the offer in the beginning of an unforgettable night of adventures in Chicago. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Chris Parker is a popular high school senior living in Oak Park, Illinois. When her boyfriend, Mike Todwell, cancels what was supposed to be a romantic anniversary dinner date at the last minute due to a family emergency, she reluctantly accepts a job to babysit eight-year-old Sara Anderson, who idolizes Thor and roller skates whenever she can. Her high school freshman brother, Brad, secretly fantasizes about Chris being his girlfriend, the two who only cordially say "hi" to each other in the school hallways, if that, when they run into each other. Chris' babysitting job takes a turn when her naive best friend, Brenda, who was planning on running away, frantically telephones from the bus station in downtown Chicago realizing the scariness of the situation, she needs a ride home as she has no money. As Chris has no money either to pay for a cab for Brenda, she, Brad, Sara, and Brad's best friend, Darryl Coopersmith, drives into the city in her mother's station wagon to pick up Brenda. While Brenda faces her own issues in waiting for Chris, she and her charges get into one misadventure after another having to do with, among other things, mechanical problems with the station wagon, a jealous husband with a philandering wife, a car theft ring, a blues club with an unofficial yet unbreakable policy, a gang war, a frat party, a cheating boyfriend, and an office party in an upper floor of a skyscraper. What happens is affected by Chris' need to mind the kids who want to go off on divergent directions, and the current issue of Playboy whose centerfold has an uncanny resemblance to a certain babysitter. The primary question becomes if Chris can get Brad, Sara, Darryl, and Brenda home in one piece before the Andersons get home and discover their adventurous night. Huggo When plans with her boyfriend fall through, high school senior Chris Parker ends up babysitting the Anderson kids, Brad and Sara. What should be a quiet night in, however, turns into a series of ridiculous exploits, starting when they leave the house to pick up Chris' friend Brenda. Soon, Brad's buddy Daryl is involved, and the group must contend with car thieves, blues musicians and much more. yusufpiskin Chris has a big night out planned when her boyfriend, Mike Todwell, cancels on her. She agrees to babysit for Brad and Sara Anderson. She's settled in for a dull night when her friend, Brenda, calls her to say she's marooned at the bus station in downtown Chicago with very seedy characters around. Chris, Brad, Sara, and Brad's friend, Darryl Coopersmith, get into Chris' mother's station wagon for a trip to the inner city. All is well until they get a flat tire. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Chris Parker is a high school senior that her boyfriend, Mike Todwell, stands up. The only thing she can do now is babysit Brad and Sara Anderson, and Brad's annoying sex fiend friend, Darryl Coopersmith. When her friend, Brenda, is trapped in the bus station in downtown Chicago, she has to travel out of the suburbs to the big city. While there and with a flat tire, she, Brad, Sara, and Darryl get caught in the middle of a mafia deal lead by Dan Lynch because of a Playboy magazine. Will they be able to get back to the 'burbs? Seth Weinstein (problemchild4@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, 17-year-old high school senior Christine 'Chris' Parker (Elisabeth Shue) is awaiting the arrival of her boyfriend, Mike Toddwell (Bradley Whitford), to pick her up for a date. When he arrives, he devastates her by canceling their plans to go to a French restaurant in downtown Chicago due to his sister becoming ill. Brokenhearted, Chris has her best friend Brenda (Penelope Ann Miller) come over, and while she is there, the Andersons call asking if Chris can babysit their daughter Sara. Seeing no other plans for the evening, Chris agrees. When she arrives, she discovers eight-year-old Sara (Maia Brewton) and her 15-year-old brother Brad (Keith Coogan) in an argument. Sara had taken Brad's Clearasil lotion and used it to paint another picture of her Marvel hero Thor, prompting Brad to call him a 'homo' and upset her. She manages to blackmail him by telling him in front of Chris (without his knowing) that she would tell Chris about all of his love poems to her. Embarrassed, Brad admits defeat and apologizes to Sara. After the Andersons leave for the evening, Brad is visited by his best friend Daryl (Anthony Rapp), whose house he was supposed to be staying over that night, but Brad cancels and returns to the living room where he shuts the blinds out from the "stray dog" as he describes him to Chris. Chris gets a call from a frantic Brenda, who had successfully run away from home, but unsuccessfully stranded herself at the bus station downtown. Without the money to pay for a cab ride, Brenda's fear prompts Chris to decide to drive into town. Sara and Brad won't let her leave them home alone, and Daryl's eavesdropping forces her to take him along as well. In the car, Chris tells Sara a scary story about a man with a hook who kills a babysitter and her children, and when a car tire blowout stands them on the expressway without a spare, she realizes that she forgot her purse at the Anderson's and thus they have no money. A tow truck pulls over and "Handsome" John Pruitt (John Ford Noonan) offers them a hand, or a hook to the surprise and fear of the children. Offering to pay for the tire repair, Pruitt is distracted by a call on his CB radio and he diverts off the expressway to his home where his wife is cheating on him. In a resulting shootout where Pruitt attempts to kill his wife's fleeing adulterous lover, Chris and the others get out of the truck and into a parked Cadillac (Mrs. Pruitt's lover's car), which is being stolen. The thief, Joe Gipp (Calvin Levels), promises to take them to safety after he drops off the car at a local chop shop. However, the mobster leaders Greydon (Ron Canada) and Bleak (John Chandler) detain Chris, Sara, Brad and Daryl up in the office while they are involved in a meeting with some shady business types over the stolen cars spare parts. In the office, Daryl steals a Playboy magazine to replace his dad's, which had been thrown out of the car window earlier by Brad. Chris, Sara, Brad and Daryl make a tense escape crossing the girders in the warehouse ceiling, escaping outside. The car thieves Greydon and Bleak find the Playboy missing, and as it contains incriminating evidence that can be used against them, so they give chase with a reluctant Joe driving their car after the kids. The kids are chased into a blues club where they are not allowed off the stage until they reveal their predicament in song, much to the cheers and applause from the audience. When they are allowed to leave, they are reminded of their mission and predicament when Darryl attempts to pick up a prostitute (Monica Deveraux) on the street who turns out to be a seventeen-year-old runaway. Meanwhile, Brenda is not having a very good time at the down town bus station. Having her eyeglasses stolen by a homeless woman while resting leaves her practically blind, she mistakes a sewer rat for a kitten, and is laughed at by two pest exterminators when she attempts to defend it. A hot dog vendor (Peter Lavender) will not accept her small check as payment, stating "You slip me the cash, and I'll slip you the wiener." But when she says, "I don't have any cash!" he proclaims, "Then I don't have a wiener!" Back on the street, another chase from the thieves prompts Chris, Sara, Brad and Daryl to board a elevated train where a pair of rival gang members move in to kill each other. Chris intervenes to hold off the fight until they exit the train, and Brad stands up when she is insulted. Brad gets a knife thrown into his shoe, and Chris wields it against the gang, quoting her famous line: "Don't fuck with the babysitter." When they back off, the four of them leave the train and rush Brad to the hospital. After a scare where they think Brad has died, they run into Pruitt again at the hospital, who was taken there by the police there for injuries his sustained while fighting his wife's boyfriend. Pruitt tells the kids that he managed to get their car at Dawson's Garage before he was arrested, but tells them that they will need to pay $50 for the replacement tire, as he had to pay for the windshield damage from the gunfight earlier. Pruitt then flees from police custody and into the night. As Chris, Sara, Brad and Daryl wonder the streets to debate their predicament, they arrive shortly after at a college fraternity party. Chris meets a new love interest when a friendly frat member named Dan Lynch (George Newbern) offers to help them. Dan manages to get together $45 toward the car's tire payment. Darryl gets into trouble with a jock whose lonely girlfriend attempts to have sex with him, and Dan takes them to Dawson's Garage. Leaving, and expected never to be seen again as he did not give Chris an address to get hold of him to pay him back, upon entering the garage, they meet Dawson (Vincent D'Onofrio), whose long blond hair and physically fit appearance causes Sara to think he is the alter ego of Thor. Dawson, offended by the $5 shortage, refuses to relinquish the car, but Sara's selflessness in giving him her plastic Thor helmet prompts him to have a change in heart, he gives the car and her helmet to the kids, and lets them go. However, the mobster car thieves, Bleak and Graydon, are staking out the garage after Joe reluctantly told them about where Chris and her group are heading to. En route to the bus station, Chris spots the restaurant that Mike was supposed to take her to that night, and Darryl points out Mike's red sports car in the parking lot. They go in to find that Mike is dating and flirting with the sleazy bimbo Sesame Plexer, and it is revealed that Mike was only dating Chris in interest of having sex with her. Brad stands up for Chris, whereas Mike dares Brad into hitting him, but Brad backs down claiming that he will not sink to his level. Darryl admits, "I will", and kicks Mike into a dessert cart. Meanwhile, Sara has slipped out of the restaurant to visit a toy store she had seen, and is approached by Bleak, who spots the stolen Playboy in her backpack. They chase her down to the building that her parents are having their party in, and find through chocolate finger smudges on the elevator buttons which floors to check. Graydon exits in the renovated top floor of the building, and discovers Sara climbing out the window on a rope. Chris, Darryl, and Brad hot on their trail choose the wrong floor and accidentally crash the Anderson's office party. After a brief encounter with Bleak, both he and Chris notice Sara walking along the window ledge outside, and Chris causes Bleak to trip while she and Brad and Darryl go upstairs and discover Sara outside the window. After pulling her up to safety, Joe arrives and explains they were after the Playboy the whole time. They decide to leave Graydon outside and let him "sweat a little" while Joe shows his resignation from the car thieves by punching out Bleak and leaving the stolen Playboy beside the unconscious mobster. The group then departs the building. At the bus station, Brenda discovers her glasses and steals them back from the homeless woman, only to be chased from the bus station by everyone she had come across. Being chased by the homeless, she runs into the exterminators, past the hot dog vendor, and past the phone booth, which is a homeless man's house. After she gets outside, she is finally picked up by Chris and the others and she proclaims "What took you guys so long?!" On the way home, the kids pass the Andersons on their way home. Chris sends the kids upstairs and Brenda home before cleaning up the messes that had been made earlier in the day, coming to settle down just as the Andersons appear in the doorway, not suspecting a thing. Chris goes upstairs to say good night and announces her plans to retire from babysitting. They each admit to each other and thank themselves for "What was probably the greatest night of their lives... so far". As Chris leaves, Dan makes a surprising appearance to return Sara's roller skates, which she'd left in his jeep, as well as admit to Chris that he is interested in her. Sara shouts "Kiss him!" from the bedroom window, and they comply happily. Brad, who had come to realize that while they aren't boyfriend/girlfriend, he and Chris can still have a good friendship, accepts that Dan is better for her than he is. He closes the blinds to give the two some privacy, and the end credits roll. After the end credits are done, there is a final shot of Graydon still stuck on the ledge of the building where Chris and the kids left him. 
 Leaving Las Vegas (1995)431) Ben Sanderson, a Hollywood screenwriter who lost everything because of his alcoholism, arrives in Las Vegas to drink himself to death. There, he meets and forms an uneasy friendship and non-interference pact with prostitute Sera. Because his wife left him and took his son with her, screenwriter Ben Sanderson has started drinking, a lot. He's getting more and more isolated and he troubles women in bars because he wants to have sex with them. When he gets fired, he decides to leave everything behind and move to Las Vegas and drink himself to death. In Las Vegas he meets Sera, a prostitute with some problems as well who he moves in with. Marco van Hoof <k_luifje7@hotmail.com> Once a successful Hollywood screenwriter, Ben Sanderson is in a quick downward spiral, which is outwardly exhibited by his excessive drinking to the exclusion of all else. After he completes his life in Los Angeles to his satisfaction, which includes him burning all his painful personal memories, Ben decides to move to Las Vegas where he will literally drink himself to death. There, he hires a high end hooker named Sera. Despite it being a less than successful sexual encounter, Sera and Ben feel a connection which eventually turns into love. A lonely woman, Sera has a destructive relationship with her sadistic pimp/lover, Yuri, who has his own dangerous criminal problems. Sera and Ben decide to live together for whatever time they have together, that relationship based on the mutual trust each has for the other in not changing the other's life or path, which outwardly may be more difficult for Sera as it means watching Ben die. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ben Sanderson (Cage) is a Hollywood agent who has lost everything because of his alcoholism. He loses his job, his family, and decides to commit suicide by alcohol consumption in Las Vegas. After arriving, he meets Sera (Shue), a prostitute, and a deep friendship and understanding develops between them. The movie begins with Ben 'first' shopping for beer, then, in a restaurant. He borrows some money from his colleague Peter (Richard Lewis), and then proceeds directly to a bar and starts drinking. He attempts to pick up a pretty girl (Valeria Golino) and fails. After leaving the bar he visits a prostitute, and succeeds only in getting his wedding ring stolen. He is fired from his job for alcohol related issues and is given a large severance package. When his boss asks him what he is going to do next, Ben responds "I thought I'd move out to Las Vegas". He goes home and starts emptying his house by stuffing bedding in garbage bags, and creating a bonfire in his backyard on which he burns photographs, clothes, passport and other possessions. He then leaves for Las Vegas. As he drives his BMW drunkenly down the Las Vegas Strip, he almost hits a woman in the crosswalk (who turns out to be Sera) who chastises him. Ben checks himself into a sleazy motel called The Whole Year Inn. However, as he looks at this the wording changes to "The Hole You're In". Sera (Elisabeth Shue) is a Las Vegas prostitute who works for a pimp, Yuri Butso (Julian Sands), a Latvian immigrant. Yuri and Sera "share a volatile relationship where Yuri is the dominator and Sera is the masochist."[2] Polish mobsters are after Yuri for an unknown matter; therefore, Yuri breaks his relationship with Sera in fear that the Poles may hurt her. It frees Sera to continue to build her relationship with Ben. On his second day in Las Vegas, Ben finds Sera, on the same street where he met her, introduces himself and offers her $500 to go to his room for an hour. Sera agrees to go to his room, but she gets confused when Ben does not want to have sex with her. Instead, they just talk, and in the process they create an odd relationship with each other. Their relationship, however, is ultimately doomed; Sera has to promise Ben that she will never ask him to stop drinking, and Ben is not allowed to criticize Sera's occupation. At first the two are generally stable. Ben states that he is "totally at ease with this (Sera's prostitution)." However, after spending some time together, they both become more and more frustrated with the other's behavior. Over time, Sera attempts to get Ben to eat healthily but Ben refuses to even notice these actions as he stumbles for more alcohol. Finally, Sera becomes so fed up with Ben's alcoholism that she begs him to see a doctor. Ben, furious but far too intoxicated to express his feelings, goes out and brings another prostitute (played by Mariska Hargitay) back to Sera's house. Sera returns home to find them together and throws Ben out. Shortly afterwards, she is raped and beaten by three teenagers, and the injuries she sustains make her occupation publicly obvious. After being evicted, Sera receives a telephone call from Ben, who is on his deathbed. She goes to visit Ben and they have sex. They fall asleep, and when Ben wakes up, he looks across at Sera, who is lying on top of him, and dies while holding her as she sleeps. 