nm0001191:

 Big Daddy (1999)66) A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. Sonny Koufax is 32 years old. He's a law school graduate. He's got a nice apartment in Manhattan. There's just one problem. He does nothing, except sit on his butt and live off an investment that was the result of a meager lawsuit he won a year ago. But after his fed up girlfriend leaves him, he comes up with the ingenious idea to adopt a five year old boy to showcase his newfound maturity. But things don't go as planned, and Sonny finds himself the unlikely foster father that will change his perspective on just looking out for himself. MonkeyKingMA Thirty-two-year-old Sonny Koufax has spent his whole life avoiding responsibility. But when his girlfriend dumps him for an older man, he's got to find a way to prove he's ready to grow up. In a desperate last ditch effort, Sonny adopts five-year-old Julian to impress her. Luke Smith Adam Sandler stars in this comedy about the importance of fathers. When his friend Kevin is on a business trip in China, Sonny discovers that Kevin has a son. In an attempt to help, Sonny offers to take care of the child, while thinking it will help his relationship. In the process, he grows to love the child and tries to get custody. Dustin Burns Sonny Koufax graduated from law school years ago but chose not to take the bar exam. Instead he works as a toll booth collector, and spends his day loafing around. One day his grilfriend decides that she has had enough, and tells Sonny that things have to change or else it's over. When Sonny's roommate Kevin leaves for China, a boy is dropped at their place and is told that he is Kevin's son but Kevin doesn't know his mother. Sonny takes care of him, and after spending sometime with him decides to adopt hoping that maybe his girlfriend will be impressed. But when he learns that she has a new boyfriend, Sonny tries to have the boy sent back to his mother but when he learns that she died and that he would be sent to an orphanage, Sonny decides to take care of him. rcs0411@yahoo.com After failing at a last minute ploy to save his relationship with his fed up girlfriend, a man ends up taking care of a 5 year old boy who is his best friend's son. His best friend is out on a business trip and the man ends up developing a relationship with the boy. Soon after, he learns what responsibility is about. Mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Little Nicky (2000)541) After two of the devil's three sons escape Hell to wreak havoc on Earth, the devil must send his third son, the mild-mannered Nicky, to bring them back before it's too late. When somebody's mother is an angel and his father is the devil, life can be really confusing. For a sweet boy like Little Nicky, it just got a whole lot worse. His two evil brothers Adrian and Cassius have just escaped from Hell and are wreaking havoc on an unsuspecting earth. His dad is disintegrating and it's up to Nicky to save him and all of a humanity by midnight before one of his brothers becomes the new Satan. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Little Nicky is "daddy's little girl" in Hell. He's the son of Satan, who got the job from HIS father, Lucifer. Satan wants to retire, but none of his sons are good enough for the job. There's Cassius, who's big and strong, but lacks the 'goodness' to make the job real. There's Adrian, who while really hot (no pun intended) and smart, has no goodness at all. Then there's Nicky [Sandler] who, while having good, lacks any evil whatsoever. As seen in the previews, he is told to release his evil. He needs to release it to save his dad. Cassius and Adrain leave Hell, thereby freezing the wall of fire that lets the damned souls into Hell. Since no souls can come in now, Satan starts to die. It's up to Little Nicky to go and get his brothers, putting them into a flask and bringing them back to Hell at the exact same time to save Satan from decomposition. If Nicky 'dies' on Earth, he will be able to get through the frozen wall and back up to Earth. The catch is that he has only a week, and that Adrian and Cassius are MUCH more powerful than he is. Liz Skywalker <lizskywalker@hotmail.com> After the lord of darkness decides he will not cede his underworld throne to any of his three sons, the two most powerful of the three escape to Earth to create a kingdom for themselves there. This action closes the portal filtering sinful souls to Hell and causes Satan to begin withering away. He must send his most weak but beloved son, Little Nicky, to Earth to return his brothers to Hell. Can Nicky learn his way around Earth and round up his brothers in time to save Satan? FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this very unusual comedy, the devil meets an angel at a certain heaven-hell mixer; both drunk, they have a rendez-vois that produces three kids who somehow end up living in hell with the devil. The movie starts with a picture of hell - a guy falls off a tree spying on a woman taking off her clothes in her own house, ends up in hell. The three kids - Adrian, Cassius, and Nicky - are each very different. Cassius and Adrian live up to their rep of being the devil's children, while Nicky isn't 'into evil,' and is shown as a 'papa's boy.' The movie starts with Cassius and Adrian conspiring to take over Earth by leaving hell and messing up the balance between good and evil, thus taking power over everyone in the process. Their departure 'freezes the fire' through which souls enter hell, however, and the devil begins to fall apart, since no new souls can enter. He sets his only son left, Nicky, on a quest to go to Earth, find his brothers, and trap them in a silver flask, since they have to return to hell at the same time. Nicky hesitantly takes his father's orders and, with the help of a talking dog his father asked to help, settles into an apartment with a wannabe actor. He's soon found by two devil-worshiping guys who help him retrieve his flask as it's stolen by a petty thief. The guys befriend him and stand by his side against his brothers. Nicky also meets a girl he gets infatuated with, though he doesn't tell her the truth about him yet. She helps get his flask back from the thief, and they... hit it off. He's able to track down one of his brothers - Cassius - as he possesses the referee at a Globetrotters game. Adrian turns out to be far more witty and doesn't fall for a trap Nicky and all his new friends set up for him at a subway station. Meanwhile, the city of New York becomes unbalanced after the work the two brothers do to destroy it. Adrian summons hundreds of 'followers' who gather to have him lead them on in the end. However, he tells them that at midnight the whole city will turn into hell and they'll all die. Right before that, though, Nicky's brought to heaven when he dies saving his girlfriend's life. He meets his mom, an angel, who tells him the whole story and gives him a bright light in shape of a ball; she says God gave it to her and Nicky would know when to use it. He then emerges at the scene where a crowd gathers for his brother Adrian. He fights him, but Adrian wins and turns into a bat. Nicky then takes out the glowing white ball. It turns into Ozzy Ozbourne, who bites Adrian's head off and spits it into the flask, where the other brother already sits. So, Nicky saves the day, and hell, and his father. At the end, he gets married to the girl, and their kid is, well, a quarter devil. The devil-worshipers take the money promised them by Adrian for giving out Nicky's location earlier, and by Lynyrd Skyynard's old airplane. They crash it and later take Nicky's place in hell. 
 The Wedding Singer (1998)761) Robbie, a singer, and Julia, a waitress, are both engaged, but to the wrong people. Fortune intervenes to help them discover each other. Robbie Hart is singing the hits of the 1980s at weddings and other celebrations. He also can keep the party going in good spirit, he knows what to say and when to say it. Julia is a waitress at the events where Robbie performs. When both of them find someone to marry and prepare for their weddings, it becomes clear that they've chosen wrong partners. Anonymous 80's nostalgia flick in which Adam Sandler plays Robbie Hart, a suburban wedding singer who gets dumped at the altar by his fiancee. He meets Julia, who is engaged to the wrong guy, and he falls in love with her. He then tries to figure out how he can make her realize what a jerk her fiance really is. Jason Ihle <jrihl@conncoll.edu> It's 1985. Junk bonds, Michael Jackson, CD players, wealth. Robby Hart lives in his sister's basement and sings in the band at the reception hall. His dreams of being a singer/songwriter are long gone, replaced now by a burning desire to get married. The problem is that no one seems to want to marry him. His fiancee, Linda, doesn't show up on their wedding day, and his new friend, Julia, is engaged to a wealthy Wall Street broker. Where does Billy Idol fit into all this? Mark Craft <terra@compusmart.ab.ca> Robby is stood up at the altar by Linda, who decides that the prospect of marrying a guy who sings at wedding receptions doesn't equal the attraction she felt when he was lead singer in a rock band. Robby finds consolation in his friendship with Julia, a waitress at the wedding receptions and bar mitzvahs where he performs. Julia asks Robby to help her plan her upcoming wedding to Glenn, who isn't interested in the details of the ceremony. Robby learns that Glenn also isn't totally interested in Julia and is marrying her because she "deserves it" after sticking with him for years and because he knows she's not marrying him for his money, since she dated him back before he started pulling down the big bucks. Dennis Lewis <dsl@sprynet.com> Robbie Hart is an extremely talented wedding singer who, ironically, is left standing at the altar on his own wedding day. Convinced by his friends to go back to work, Robbie befriends Julia Sullivan, a waitress who works at the reception hall where he sings, and who is about to marry a cheating skunk. As Robbie helps Julia plan for her wedding, they begin to fall for each other, and Robbie realizes that if either of them are ever going to be happy, he's going to have to pull off one heck of a show. Aaliya Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Robbie Hart is a wedding singer in Ridgefield, New Jersey in 1985, whose own wedding to his fiance Linda is approaching. He meets and befriends Julia Sullivan, a new waitress at the reception hall where he works, and promises to sing at her wedding, though her fianc, businessman and bond investor Glenn Gulia, has yet to set a date. On Robbie's wedding day, his sister Kate informs him as he waits at the altar that Linda has changed her mind about the wedding, leaving him emotionally devastated and humiliated. Later that day, Linda visits Robbie and reveals that she fell in love with him for his ambitions of being a rock star, and hates the idea of being married to just a wedding singer. Robbie sinks into depression, causing his friends and family to be concerned. His best friend Sammy convinces him to return to work, but he gives a disastrous performance, and decides to give up wedding gigs and reneges on his promise to sing for Julia when Glenn finally sets a date. However, Julia convinces him to help her with the planning and their friendship blossoms. During a double date with Julia, Glenn, and Julia's cousin Holly, Robbie learns from Glenn that he cheats on Julia frequently and plans to continue after they are married. Julia and Robbie are increasingly confused by their deepening feelings for each other. When Holly tells Robbie that Julia is marrying Glenn for his money, he unsuccessfully pursues a job at a bank. Julia is dismayed at his materialism, and when he accuses her of the same, she becomes angry with him. Depressed, he decides to follow Sammy's example of only having shallow relationships with women, in response to which Sammy confides that he is unhappy, and encourages Robbie to tell Julia how he feels. Meanwhile, Julia confides in her mother that she has fallen out of love with Glenn and has developed feelings for Robbie, and bursts into tears thinking about becoming "Mrs. Julia Gulia". Robbie arrives to declare his feelings, and sees her through her bedroom window in her wedding dress, where she is happily looking in a mirror pretending she has just married Robbie, but Robbie assumes she is thinking of Glenn. Heartbroken, Robbie leaves to get drunk and finds Glenn in the midst of his pre-wedding bachelor party, arm in arm with another woman. After a heated exchange, Glenn punches Robbie and mocks him. Robbie stumbles home to find Linda waiting for him wanting to reconcile, and passes out. The following morning, she answers the door and introduces herself as his fiance to a crestfallen Julia. She runs to Glenn, who is sleeping off the events of the previous night, and tells him she wants to be married immediately. He half-heartedly offers to take her to Las Vegas. Robbie awakens and, after shaking off his hangover from the previous night, rejects Linda's reconciliation, having realized how shallow she is during his time with Julia, and kicks her out. At the 50th wedding anniversary party of his neighbor Rosie, to whom he has been giving singing lessons, he realizes he wants to grow old with Julia and, with Rosie's encouragement, he decides to pursue her. Just then, Holly arrives and informs him of Julia's encounter with Linda, so Robbie rushes to the airport and gets a first class ticket to Las Vegas. After telling his story to his empathetic fellow passengers, including Billy Idol, he learns that Glenn and Julia are on the same flight. With the help of Billy and the flight crew, over the loudspeaker, he sings a song he has written called "Grow Old With You", dedicated to Julia. As Robbie enters the main cabin singing, Glenn tries to assault him only to be thwarted and shoved into a lavatory by the flight attendants with assistance from Billy and a large fan. Robbie and Julia admit their love for each other, and share a kiss. Billy, impressed by Robbie's song, offers to tell his record company executives about him. Later, Robbie and Julia are married, and Robbie's bandmates perform at their wedding. 
 The Waterboy (1998)541) A waterboy for a college football team discovers he has a unique tackling ability and becomes a member of the team. Bobby Boucher is the lowly waterboy for a college football team, until the coach discovers his amazing talent for tackling people much bigger than him. He signs the Waterboy as the new star player, but Bobby must keep it secret from his overbearing and domineering mother. Travis Kennedy Bobby Boucher is 31, lives at home with his mother and is the waterboy for the University of Louisiana Cougars. One day he is fired and ends up being the waterboy for a down-and-out college team, the South Central Louisiana State University Mud Dogs. During an incident in training, Bobby demonstrates himself to be a ferocious tackler, and he is picked for the team's defense. Thanks to him, the Mud Dogs' fortunes soar. However, his mother doesn't approve of him playing football. grantss 31-year-old waterboy Bobby Boucher is constantly tormented by the team he works for until he is fired by the coach. He then finds a new coach to work for. Here he finds a new talent, tackling people by pretending they're making fun of him. Soon, he becomes the best linebacker in college football, but he must keep it secret from his overprotective mother. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bobby Boucher (Adam Sandler) is a 31-year-old, socially inept, stuttering, simpleton water boy living in Louisiana who rides a lawn mower to and from work, and has hidden anger issues due to constant teasing and excessive sheltering by his overbearing and domineering mother, Helen (Kathy Bates). He became the water boy for the (fictional) University of Louisiana Cougars after being told his father died of dehydration in the Sahara while serving in the Peace Corps. However, the players always torment him and the team's head coach, Red Beaulieu (Jerry Reed), eventually fires him for "disrupting" his practices. Bobby then approaches Coach Klein (Henry Winkler) of the South Central Louisiana State University Mud Dogs and asks to work as the team's waterboy. Coach Klein has been coach of SCLSU for years without success, after his brilliant playbook was stolen by Red Beaulieu. Bobby's mother, Helen, (determined to keep him on a tight leash) tells Bobby of the evils of football and forbids him to play. Coach Klein shows Bobby his tattoo of Roy Orbison encouraging him to clandestinely go against his mothers' wishes. After being picked on again by his new team, Coach Klein encourages Bobby to strike back, which leads to him knocking out the team's quarterback. Coach Klein convinces Bobby to enroll as a student at SCLSU and play for the team, which he agrees to do as long as nobody tells his mother. Bobby quickly becomes one of the most feared linebackers in college football, hitting opposing players with injury causing force. The Mud Dogs manage a winning streak and earn a trip to the annual Bourbon Bowl to face the Cougars and Coach Beaulieu. Bobby's newfound fame also allows him to rekindle a relationship with his childhood friend and high school crush Vicki Vallencourt (Fairuza Balk), a local Goth Girl mechanic and "football groupie" who has been in prison multiple times. However, after Bobby invites Vicki to his trailer where he introduces her to his mother at a cookout, Helen forbids Bobby from seeing her again. Coach Beaulieu reveals that Bobby never finished high school, making him ineligible for college and football. However, Bobby manages to pass his GED exam, despite his mother's objections about him going back to college. She then fakes falling ill to keep Bobby from playing, but eventually relents after witnessing the town residents' support for Bobby. The next day, Helen tells Bobby the truth what really happened to his father and why she was faking her illness. Helen explains that Bobby's father changed his name to Roberto and left Helen for a voodoo priestess, while she was pregnant. This damaged Helen so bad that it led her to execessively sheltering Bobby all his life from the outside world. She was afraid Bobby was going to leave her too when he became old enough and tried to keep him all to herself by hiding him from everyone else who depended on him. Helen realises the best thing for her to do is let him go since he's made a lot of wonderful friends and encourages him to play in the Bourbon Bowl. Arriving at halftime of the Bourbon Bowl with Helen and Vicki, Bobby manages to encourage the losing Mud Dogs to make a comeback. The team admits that he has become their heart and soul of the Mud Dogs. Seeing the overwhelming support at the Bourbon Bowl, Helen changes her mind about football being for the devil. With Bobby's help, Coach Klein overcomes his fear of Red Beaulieu by imagining him as something he's not afraid of(i.e. a baby and a cocker spaniel). This helps Klein create spectacular new plays that allow the Mud Dogs to catch up. Helen helps the cheerleaders out by making coffee and it helps keep their energy up as they cheer their fans on to rally, while Vicki is seen giving out water to the Mud Dogs. During the final play, Bobby throws a touchdown pass and the Mud Dogs win the Bourbon Bowl. Bobby is named the MVP of the game. Sometime later, Bobby and Vicki get married and are heading to the riding lawn mower. Although Helen still has some reservation on Vicki, she admits he's got a fine woman who'll take care of him. On their way out Bobby's father, Roberto, makes an unexpected appearance, telling him that he heard from ESPN that he may go to the NFL. Bobby tells him that he's not going to the NFL because he likes to stay in school and graduate. Roberto tries to convince Bobby to leave school and go to the NFL, hoping to personally profit as his father. However, an enraged Helen charges in and tackles him down causing cheers from the attendants. Bobby and Vicki leave to consumate their marriage. 