nm0009663:

 Bandera negra (1986)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lorca, muerte de un poeta (19871988)Summaries Biography of the Spanish poet and playwright Lorca, who was executed by followers of Franco in 1936. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Farmacia de guardia (19911996)Summaries The everyday life of a Spanish family whose mother Lourdes runs a pharmacy with the help of her two sons and of an ex-husband who thinks himself a Casanova, together with the neighbours. Spanish sitcom devised by Antonio Mercero about divorced pharmacy-owner Lourdes who lives with her two younger children, Quique and Guille. Lourdes' womanizer ex-husband Adolfo makes frequent visits to her establishment, along with their eldest daughter Isabel, who lives with her husband and little son in the Canary Islands. The place is also crowded with all sorts of characters: the neighboring nightclub waitress Sandra, Guille's teacher, Lourdes' boyfriend Carlos, police officers Romerales and Mara de la Encarnacin, and Adolfo's alleged illegitimate daughter Fanny. im_breathtaking This Spanish-made TV comedy told the stories happening around a barrio pharmacy managed by Lourdes Cano. Lourdes had divorced Adolfo Segura, a cheeky Don Juan (i.e. "philanderer") with whom she still shared a nice friendship that helped them co-parent their offspring: Isabel (now a parent herself), Quique, and Guille. Many subplots are presented, featuring their customers, neighbors, and a couple of friendly and funny local police officers. Jos Sandn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Veraneantes (1985)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 