nm0005377:

 Moon (2009)541) Astronaut Sam Bell has a quintessentially personal encounter toward the end of his three-year stint on the Moon, where he, working alongside his computer, GERTY, sends back to Earth parcels of a resource that has helped diminish our planet's power problems. Sam Bell has a three year contract to work for Lunar Industries. For the contract's entire duration, he is the sole employee based at their lunar station. His primary job responsibility is to harvest and periodically rocket back to Earth supplies of helium-3, the current clean and abundant fuel used on Earth. There is no direct communication link available between the lunar station and Earth, so his only direct real-time interaction is with GERTY, the intelligent computer whose function is to attend to his day to day needs. With such little human contact and all of it indirect, he feels that three years is far too long to be so isolated; he knows he is beginning to hallucinate as the end of his three years approaches. All he wants is to return to Earth to be with his wife Tess and their infant daughter Eve, who was born just prior to his leaving for this job. With two weeks to go, he gets into an accident at one of the mechanical harvesters and is rendered unconscious. Injured, he awakens back at the station in the infirmary, he assumes assisted by GERTY. GERTY tells him that a rescue team named Eliza will come to the station to clean up the aftermath of the accident. After his recuperation, he takes an unauthorized trip back to the broken harvester, where he makes an unexpected discovery. Because of his find, he begins to doubt his sanity, then his true identity, then the company and GERTY's willingness to do what is best for him. Because of his resulting beliefs, his sole mission becomes how to get back to Earth on his own. Huggo With only three weeks left in his three year contract, Sam Bell is getting anxious to finally return to Earth. He is the only occupant of a Moon-based manufacturing facility along with his computer and assistant, GERTY. The long period of time alone however has resulted in him talking to himself for the most part, or to his plants. Direct communication with Earth is not possible due to a long-standing communication malfunction but he does get an occasional message from his wife Tess. When he has an accident however, he wakens to find that he is not alone. He also comes to realize that his world is not what he thought it was. garykmcd Astronaut Sam Bell (Sam Rockwell) is nearing the end of his three year contract of harvesting Helium-3, a precious energy source, from the far side of the moon. Since his only communication with earth is through the use of pre-recorded messages, and his only assistant a computer named GERTY (voiced by Kevin Spacey), isolation begins to take an alarming toll on his mind, mere weeks before he is to return home. This sets into motion a series of events which reveals the terrible truth behind his mission. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a commercial from Lunar Industries. In the late 21st Century, Earth has had an energy crisis. Most coal, oil and natural gas reserves are nearly gone. Our new primary source of energy is Helium-3, which is found on the moon. Lunar Industries is responsible for the mining of Helium-3 and sending it back to Earth. We are then shown Lunar Industries Sarang Mining Base on the moon. There is only one person in the crew, and his contract is for three years. We are introduced to the employee, Sam Bell (Sam Rockwell). He has grown out his hair and has grown a beard during his time on the base. He puts on a spacesuit and goes outside, where he drives a land rover over to a Helium-3 harvester. He collects the Helium-3 and then sends it back to Earth using a rocket. We see how lonely Sam is when he continually talks to himself. Sam has video messages from his bosses and family, but he can't communicate with them via live feed, due to a satellite being jammed. Sam's only companion is GERTY (voice by Kevin Spacey), an intelligent robot who controls the base and looks after Sam. As GERTY gives Sam a haircut, he asks him if everything's okay. He noticed that he's been acting unusual lately. Sam says that he's fine and then asks if anyone has fixed the satellite yet. GERTY informs him that its a low priority of the company. Even though he has two weeks left in his contract and will return to Earth soon, he thinks that it's fair for the satellite to be fixed for the person who will replace him. He also says that he has a headache. Afterward, he looks at an old video message sent by his wife, Tess (Dominque McElligott). She knows that he's lonely on the Moon's surface all by himself, but she's proud of what he's doing. She has their little daughter Eve say "astronaut." Sam passes the time by working on a miniature model of his hometown and watering his plants in the greenhouse. Sam watches an old TV show and then turns the TV off. As Sam fills his glass with hot water, he hallucinates, seeing a woman in his seat. Distracted, Sam's hand gets burned by the hot water. GERTY bandages Sam's hand and asks him what happened. Sam says that he was distracted by the TV, but GERTY knows that he's lying since the TV was off when he came into the room. He says that maybe Sam is seeing things. Sam goes to sleep and dreams of being home with Tess. The next day, Sam wakes up and runs on a treadmill. He experiences some chest pains, but thinks nothing of it. GERTY makes Sam breakfast and cheers him up by reminding him that he has two weeks left. Sam is excited about going home. Sam puts on his spacesuit and uses the rover to go collect more Helium-3. On the drive though, Sam hallucinates about seeing the woman again and crashes the rover into a harvester. The atmosphere is compromised, so Sam puts on his helmet. Sam wakes up in the infirmary. He looks fine but is too weak to move. GERTY has been monitoring his health and he asks Sam if he remembers anything from the crash. Sam doesn't, and GERTY tells him to go back to sleep. Sometime later, Sam starts to get frustrated about being kept in the infirmary since he feels better. GERTY says that he might have suffered from brain trauma and continues to conduct tests to make sure he's all right. Later on, Sam (healthy) gets up and walks around the base. He overhears GERTY talking to Lunar Industries via live feed. GERTY, realizing that Sam is nearby, shuts down the transmission. Sam asks him what's going on. GERTY says that he has informed Lunar Industries about the crash. They will be sending a rescue team to fix the harvester and then they will send Sam back to Earth. Sam says that he can fix the harvester himself and wants to go outside. GERTY has been given orders to keep Sam inside the base until the rescue team arrives. Sam also confronts GERTY about talking live to the company, but GERTY says that Sam is seeing things. Sam feels like he's being treated like a child and grabs some tools. He opens a vent and cuts into a tube, causing a leak of gas to spray out. GERTY comes over and works on fixing it. Sam says that some meteorites might have caused the problem. He says that there might be a breach in the exterior shell of the base and that he should go inspect it. After some arguing, Sam tricks GERTY into letting him outside. Sam finds that his spacesuit is missing, and so he takes a spare one. He gets into another rover and drives out to the harvester where the crash occurred. The first rover is still there. Sam opens the hatch and finds a body inside. Upon further inspection, he sees that the body looks just like him but with bruises on his face. Sam brings the body back to the base. He asks GERTY what's going on and why the man looks like him. GERTY states that the man is Sam Bell. (To make it clear, I'll refer to the bruised man as Sam 1 and the healthy man as Sam 2) Sam 1 wakes up in the infirmary and we see that his hand is bandaged (making him the one we were introduced to before the crash). Sam 1 sees Sam 2 standing in the room. He asks GERTY who the other man is, but GERTY has Sam 1 go back to sleep. Later on, Sam 1 is well enough to walk around the base. There's some tension between the two Sams, with Sam 2 being the more aggressive one. Sam 1 tries talking to Sam 2, but he's more focused on working out. Sam 2 knows that they are clones of the real Sam Bell, which Sam 1 refuses to believe. Sam 1 asks GERTY if they are clones, but GERTY changes the subject. Sam 1 wants to shake Sam 2's hand since he's lonely and wants some human contact. Sam 2 snubs him, saying maybe later. Sam 1 tries to convince Sam 2 to relax by playing against each other in ping pong. Sam 1 easily beats Sam 2, causing him to lose his temper. Sam 1 works on his miniature model of his hometown. Sam 2 asks him how long he's been working on it. Sam 1 says that the model was already started before he found it, and so he's been adding new buildings and people. Sam 2 takes this as further proof that they are clones, since someone else started the model and they share the same memories of the hometown. He says that there must be a hidden place somewhere on the base where Lunar Industries keeps the cloned bodies. Sam 1 thinks Sam 2 is crazy. Sam 2 starts to go throughout the base, searching for a secret room. He searches everywhere except for where the model is. He asks Sam 1 to move the model so that he can look beneath it. Sam 1 refuses. Things get physical, and Sam 2 becomes uncomfortable since Sam 1 is holding a small knife. They fight for control over the knife. Sam 2 beats up Sam 1 and destroys the model. He looks underneath it but finds nothing. Sam 1 talks with GERTY about the other Sam. He's scared of him since he's got a short temper. He's also upset that the model is destroyed, since he spent a lot of time on it. GERTY reveals that both Sams are in fact clones. After the three year contract expires, a new Sam is awakened in the infirmary with implanted memories of Sam's family. They also have implanted memories of being on the base for a little while and being in an accident (to explain why they're in the infirmary). GERTY then conducts tests to evaluate their physical and mental states before they go to work. Sam 1 breaks down upon learning the truth. GERTY tries to comfort him, but he walks away in silence. Later on, Sam 2 tries to apologize to Sam 1, but he plays music and dances. Sam 2 realizes that GERTY was supposed to keep him from finding Sam 1. When the rescue team arrives, they will see them together and will be forced to kill them both. He also thinks that since the satellite is not being jammed from within the base, it must be caused by something outside. Sam 1 and Sam 2 get suited up and drive the rovers outside. They pass the perimeter of the base, which Sam 1 has never gone past before. They split up to look for anything unusual around. They each come to different towers that have been used to block live feed to the base. Sam 1 drops to his knees and vomits blood in his helmet. He goes back to the base and vomits more blood into the toilet. He also finds that a tooth has fallen out. While Sam 2 continues to search for more towers, Sam 1 goes to the main computer of the base. He tries to access his contract, but his password is denied. GERTY enters the right password and Sam 1 reviews tapes from previous clones. It seems that at the end of each contract, the clone gets increasingly sick (bad coughs, hair falling out, etc.). Eventually each clone is put into a chamber, where they are told that they will be put in a cryogenic sleep before returning to Earth. However, all the clones are shown to die once their three years are over, being frozen, and then incinerated. Sam 1 goes to the room where the cryogenic chamber is and activates it. A recorded video from Lunar Industries plays, stating that the company is successful due to hard workers like Sam and they tell the clones to think of the work they've accomplished as they go to sleep. After the message, the chamber flashes brightly, incinerating everything inside. Sam 1 finds a hidden compartment in the room and breaks it open. Sam 2 comes back to the base, having found more towers outside the perimeter and writing down their coordinates. The two Sams enter the compartment and find that numerous clones are being kept there. Sam 1 takes a portable video link and asks GERTY why he helped him before with the password. GERTY states that his main priority is Sam's well-being. Sam 1 suits up and goes outside again. Once he drives far past the towers, he calls his home. A teenager (Kaya Scodelario) answers and Sam 1 blocks the camera so that she can't see him. He asks if Tess Bell is there. The teen says that her mother Tess has been dead for a couple of years. Sam 1 realizes that he's talking to his daughter, Eve. He doesn't quite know what to say, and then he hears the real Sam Bell in the background (who has been alive and well on Earth). Sam 1 quickly hangs up and breaks down, wanting to go home. He goes back to the base, where Sam 2 is trying to make a shank out of wood (so that they can defend themselves against the rescue team). Sam 2 sees that Sam 1's health is deteriorating. Sam 1 says that he's freezing, and so Sam 2 helps him into bed. Sam 2 finds the video link in Sam 1's bag and replays the last call. He stops it in shock after hearing of Tess's death. Sam 2 tells GERTY that they've found the clone room, and he wants him to wake up another clone. GERTY refuses. Sam 2 makes him understand that when the rescue team gets there, they will kill him and Sam 1. Looking out for their well-being, GERTY complies with the request. Sam 1 wakes up and finds an unconscious clone in the infirmary. Sam 2 informs Sam 1 that he has come up with a plan. The rescue team will be there within a few hours. They will expect to find a Sam inside the crashed rover. Sam 2 will kill the new clone (aka Sam 3) and then they will put his body in the rover. Since Sam 1 did his time, Sam 2 will put him in one of the rockets and send him back to Earth. Sam 2 will then act like he doesn't know anything and pretend that he's been inside the base the entire time. Sam 1 doesn't like the idea. He knows that they can't murder Sam 3 because they dont have it in them to kill. He also knows that he will die before reaching Earth. Sam 1 makes a change in the plan, he will be put back into the rover, Sam 2 will be sent home, and Sam 3 will remain on the base. Sam 1 tells Sam 2 to travel when he gets to Earth. Sam 2 thinks about going to Mexico or Hawaii. Sam 2 and Sam 1 suit up and go out to the crashed rover. They talk fondly of Tess for a little while. Sam 2 carries the extremely weak Sam 1 back to the rover and places him inside. They say their goodbyes and Sam 2 closes the hatch. Sam 2 goes back to the base to find that the rescue crew will be there in minutes. He packs up some belongings and prepares to leave in the rocket when GERTY points out that the plan will not work. GERTY records everything once a clone wakes up in the infirmary. Lunar Industries can scan his memory and learn about the two clones interacting & their plan. Sam 2 will have to erase GERTY's memory. He tells GERTY that he will shut him down, and as soon as the rocket is fired he will be rebooted with a clean memory. He thanks GERTY and says goodbye before shutting him down. The rescue crew arrives, while at the same time Sam 2 rushes back to the main computer and enters a command. He then runs back to the rocket and is launched back to Earth. Sam 1 sees that Sam 2 was successful and dies inside the rover. The rescue crew finds the crashed rover and begins to work on the damaged harvester. GERTY is rebooted and tends to Sam 3, who has just woken up. We see that before Sam 2 left, the command he entered destroyed the towers outside the perimeter, allowing Sam 3 to have a live feed with Earth. The film ends with Sam 2 traveling towards Earth. We hear a voice-over saying that Lunar Industries stock has dropped 32% so far as a result of the (presumed cloning) controversy that was leaked to the press, that Sam 2 is going to testify at a CAA board of directors hearing in Seattle, and then a goverment radio talk show host arguing that Sam 2 is either crazy, or an illegal immigrant, but either way should not be taken seriously. 
 Confessions of a Dangerous Mind (2002)321) An adaptation of the cult memoir of game show impresario Chuck Barris (Sam Rockwell), in which he purports to have been a C.I.A. hitman. Television made him famous, but his biggest hits happened off-screen. This is the story of a legendary showman's double life - television producer by day, C.I.A. assassin by night. At the height of his television career, Chuck Barris (Sam Rockwell) was recruited by the C.I.A. and trained to become a covert operative. Or so Barris claimed. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Young, energetic, and focused on a top career in the growing television industry, Chuck Barris finds himself being followed by a suspicious character who quickly lures him into a secretive and dangerous world: that of a CIA operative. While Barris gains notoriety as a dynamic television producer creating such innovative and popular game shows as The Newlywed Game and the self-hosted The Gong Show he regularly executes assassinations for the United States government. As ratings rise, Barris incorporates his shows into his secret life: winning couples on The Dating Game find themselves shipped off to fabulous Helsinki and romantic West Berlin for their dream dates. It isn't Paris, but it provides chaperone Barris a cover for his covert missions. As Barris basks in the glamour of his two worlds - entertainment and espionage - his life begins to spiral out of control. He is torn between the woman who loves him and the mysterious woman of his fantasies. He receives mass criticism from the public who accuses him of contaminating the airwaves and he finds himself marked for death by a traitor operative. Barris must regain control of his life. Both of them. 
 Seven Psychopaths (2012)541) A struggling screenwriter inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his oddball friends kidnap a gangster's beloved Shih Tzu. A struggling screenwriter ( Colin Farrell ) inadvertently becomes entangled in the Los Angeles criminal underworld after his friends ( Christopher Walken and Sam Rockwell ) kidnap a gangster's ( Woody Harrelson ) beloved Shih Tzu. Anonymous Three friends (Colin Farrell, Christopher Walken, and Sam Rockwell) incur the wrath of a violent L.A. gangster (Woody Harrelson) by kidnapping his prized Shih Tzu in this black comedy from In Bruges director Martin McDonagh. Aspiring screenwriter Marty (Farrell) has a brilliant screenplay called Seven Psychopaths floating around in his head; unfortunately he's usually to hungover to make any real progress on it. Meanwhile, Marty's best friend Billy (Rockwell) has some great ideas for the story, but he's reluctant to offer input without invitation. A down-on-his-luck actor, Billy pays his rent by running a lucrative dog-napping scam with smooth-talking Hans (Walken). Just when frustrated Marty begins to fear that all of his ideas have dried up, however, Billy shows up with an adorable Shih Zhu swiped from a quick-tempered gangster (Harrelson), and a desperate trip into the desert finds the ideas flowing like drinks at an open bar. Boozy writer Marty (Farrell) is a man in search of a screenplay. He has a catchy title but no story to go along with it. Marty has a couple of oddball buddies, Hans (Walken) and Billy (Rockwell), who make a living by kidnapping rich people's dogs, then returning them and collecting the reward, and Marty uses the ensuing events of a kidnapping-gone-awry as fodder for his screenplay. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Marty Faranan is a struggling writer who dreams of finishing his screenplay, Seven Psychopaths. Marty's best friend, Billy Bickle, is an unemployed actor who makes a living by kidnapping dogs and collecting the owners' cash rewards for their safe return. His partner-in-crime is Hans Kieslowski, a religious man with a cancer-stricken wife, Myra. Billy helps Marty with Seven Psychopaths, suggesting he use the "Jack of Diamonds" killer, perpetrator of a recent double murder, as one of the seven "psychopaths" in his script. Marty writes a story for another psychopath, the "Quaker", who stalks his daughter's killer for decades, driving the killer to suicide and ultimately cutting his own throat to follow him to hell. Billy and Hans steal a Shih Tzu, Bonny, unaware that it is the beloved pet of Charlie Costello, an unpredictable and violent gangster. Billy places an advertisement in the newspaper inviting "psychopaths" to call and share their "crazy or quirky" stories for him and Marty to use in their script. Charlie's thugs, led by Paulo, discover Hans's connection to the kidnapping. At a warehouse, they threaten to kill Marty and Hans unless they reveal Bonny's location, but the Jack of Diamonds killer arrives and shoots the thugs. Marty and Billy meet Zachariah Rigby, who saw the advertisement and shares his story. Charlie traces Myra to the cancer ward, killing her when she refuses to tell him Hans or Bonny's whereabouts. Billy goes to Costello's house to meet up with his girlfriend, Angela, who is also the girlfriend of Charlie. After revealing to her that he kidnapped Bonny, she calls Charlie to tell him, but Billy shoots her after handing her a playing card, revealing himself as the Jack of Diamonds serial killer. Meanwhile, Charlie, at the warehouse, grieves over Bonny's absence, and discovers dozens of packs of playing cards, all with the Jack of Diamonds cards missing, realising that Billy is the Jack of Diamonds. Marty, Billy and Hans leave town with Bonny to escape Charlie. Hans reveals that he was the Quaker, and survived his attempted suicide. Marty unknowingly wrote his story after hearing it from a drunken Billy. The trio drive into the desert. Billy suggests Seven Psychopaths end with an emotional shootout between the psychopaths and Charlie's forces. Marty and Hans see a headline saying Billy is wanted in connection with the Jack of Diamonds killings. Marty confronts Billy, who reveals he assumed the Jack of Diamonds persona and went on a killing spree to give Marty inspiration for Seven Psychopaths. Disillusioned, Marty tells Billy they must go home. Meanwhile, Hans has a vision of Myra in a "grey place". Hans questions his belief in the afterlife, dismissing Marty's reassurances that his vision was a peyote-induced hallucination. Billy sets fire to the car, stranding the trio in the desert, and calls Charlie, telling him their location. Billy intends to make the climactic shootout he envisioned a reality. Billy claims he caused the hallucination by impersonating Myra, causing Hans to leave. Charlie arrives alone, without a weapon besides a flare gun in his car. Billy shoots Charlie, enraged that he has not brought the men and weapons required for a satisfying shootout. Hans finds Charlie's thugs waiting for a flare signal nearby. Marty drives away with Charlie, intending to take him to a hospital. Billy realizes the flare gun's purpose and fires it. Hans motions as if to draw a weapon, causing Paulo to shoot him in front of police. Before dying, Hans says "It isn't grey at all", restoring his faith in the afterlife. The thugs head towards Billy's flare, police in pursuit, only to encounter Marty and Charlie's car on the road. Charlie reveals that he only suffered a flesh wound. Now with backup, Charlie returns to Billy and Bonny's location. After a shootout, Charlie and Billy have a stand-off, holding Marty and Bonny hostage respectively. Charlie releases Marty and shoots Billy just as the police arrive. Charlie and Paulo are arrested, but Bonny stays at the dying Billy's side. Marty visits the scene of Hans's death, and finds a tape recorder with suggestions for Seven Psychopaths on his body. Later, Marty finishes the screenplay at home, having adopted Bonny as a pet. Marty steps outside and walks down the street, script in hand. In a post-credits scene, Zachariah, who has just watched Seven Psychopaths, calls Marty, telling Marty that he will be over to kill him on Tuesday for forgetting to leave a message in the credits as promised. On hearing Marty's resigned acceptance, Zachariah realizes that Marty's experiences have left him a changed man, and decides to spare him. 
 Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri (2017)871) A mother personally challenges the local authorities to solve her daughter's murder when they fail to catch the culprit. THREE BILLBOARDS OUTSIDE EBBING, MISSOURI is a darkly comic drama from Academy Award nominee Martin McDonagh (In Bruges). After months have passed without a culprit in her daughter's murder case, Mildred Hayes (Academy Award winner Frances McDormand) makes a bold move, painting three signs leading into her town with a controversial message directed at William Willoughby (Academy Award nominee Woody Harrelson), the town's revered chief of police. When his second-in-command Officer Dixon (Academy Award winner Sam Rockwell), an immature mother's boy with a penchant for violence, gets involved, the battle between Mildred and Ebbing's law enforcement is only exacerbated. Fox Searchlight Pictures In an effort to track down who raped and murdered her daughter, Mildred Hayes has three billboards erected outside her town of Ebbing, Missouri. They accuse the Sheriff of doing nothing to catch the killer. This causes a largely adverse, and diverse, reaction amongst the town's folk, not least of all the sheriff's deputy, the hot-headed, irascible Jason Dixon. grantss It's been already seven months since her daughter's hideous murder, and the divorced mother, Mildred Hayes, is still grieving, refusing to come to terms with her loss. In Mildred's case, nothing seems to be able to take away the gut-wrenching pain only a mother feels when she loses a child; however, in one of those spur-of-the-moment decisions, the plucky parent will rent three derelict billboards on the outskirts of her town, Ebbing, to declare war against the local police for failing to find the killer. No one is spared in this brave crusade, not even the ailing police chief, Willoughby, as Mildred's bold black-on-red statements demand answers and the culprit's head on a platter. Just how far is Mildred willing to go to appease her rage? Nick Riganas The story takes place entirely in the small town of Ebbing, Missouri, where a girl was raped and murdered a few months ago. The mother, Mildred Hayes, believes that the local police did nothing to find the killer, so she rents three billboards in order to challenge them to search deeper. This leads to many complex situations that involve tragedy, anger, hate, love, redemption and broken characters. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Mildred Hayes, a hard-nosed mother is seeking justice for her murdered daughter. With no arrests after seven months, Mildred puts up three roadside signs to goad Ebbing police chief into action. But the law - and especially Sam Rockwell's hot-headed deputy - don't take kindly to the provocation. And the townsfolk are on their side. But Mildred doesn't care about ruffling a few feathers. In fact, she's happy to pluck the whole bird. Jwelch5742 It's been seven months since Angela Hayes was discovered raped and murdered outside her small hometown of Ebbing, Missouri. Because of what she believes is the police inaction on the case, frustrated and angry Mildred Hayes, Angela's divorced working class mother, rents the three no longer used billboards, despite the cost of the rental which she really cannot afford, on a local road just outside of town for one year, the billboards to have messages in simple, bold faced text highlighting that police inaction on the case. Mildred, via the billboards, names Chief Bill Willoughby directly as although not the lead investigator, he is the chief and the "buck stops with him". Using his name is also despite Mildred knowing what is probably the worst kept secret in town: that he is suffering from a terminal case of pancreatic cancer, his eventually passing which would leave him survived by his loving wife and two adolescent daughters. The police's lead investigator in Angela's case, Jason Dixon, is openly racist, misogynistic, homophobic and a mama's boy, who prefers to read comic books than do any meaningful work. With the billboards the highest profile action on the matter in months, the rhetoric and associated actions ratchets up on both sides with each having his or her supporters who are not afraid to show that support largely through intimidation on their own initiative. Any support Mildred gets, which does not include from her abusive ex-husband Charlie who is in a relationship with nineteen year old Penelope, is despite she not being easy to like outside of this situation, she and Angela who did not have the best of mother/daughter relationships. As both sides try to protect their position, the fact of Angela herself may get lost in the process. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mildred Hayes drives down Drinkwater Road near her town as she passes by three vacant billboards. She goes to an advertising agency to speak to Red Welby about putting up three billboards for a year. Red determines Mildred is the mother of Angela Hayes, who was raped and murdered seven months earlier. Officer Jason Dixon is driving down Drinkwater Road when he sees two young men putting up the first billboard that reads "How come, Chief Willoughby?" He talks to a guy named Jerome, who isn't fond of Dixon due to his reputation of harassing African-American citizens. Dixon passes the second billboard that says "And still no arrests?" He goes to read the last billboard (technically first to read), which says "Raped while dying". Dixon calls Chief Bill Willoughby as he's having dinner with his wife Anne and daughters Polly and Jane to inform him about the billboards. The billboards receive widespread notoriety across town for the imagery people get from reading it, as well as what people believe to be a personal attack against Willoughby. Mildred's son Robbie is still traumatized by his sister's horrific death, and the billboards only make him more upset. Mildred even goes on live TV during a broadcast to explain her reasoning for putting up the billboards. She is essentially challenging the Ebbing Police Department, especially Willoughby, into doing their jobs instead of exercising force against minorities. Mildred is at a pool hall where a drunk Dixon is trying to get in Red's face for allowing the billboards to go up. As Dixon tries to antagonize Mildred, she is defended by a local car dealer named James, who tells her she looked good on TV. Mildred goes home to find Robbie sitting at the table with Father Montgomery. He tells Mildred that Robbie told him how other kids at school are giving him problems for the billboards. As Montgomery tries to lecture Mildred, she brings up a point over some ads that ran a while back about people who were culpable by association with gangs if their friends did anything wrong, which she compares to people from church being culpable when one of them goes around sexually harassing young boys. Mildred meets with Willoughby outside of town where they can overlook the billboards. He understands Mildred's grief and anger, but also mentions to her that he is dying of pancreatic cancer. Mildred already knows, as does most of the town. After two people issue complaints over the billboards, Mildred visits one of them, a dentist named Geoffrey. She grabs the drill from his hand and runs it through Geoffrey's thumb. Willoughby goes to the shop where Mildred works and brings her in for questioning after the incident. During her interrogation, Willoughby accidentally coughs blood in Mildred's face. She runs to get help and he is taken to the hospital. While looking in Angela's old room, Mildred has a flashback to the last time she saw her. They were arguing over Angela going out, and Angela said she hoped she would get raped on the way, and Mildred agreed with her. The thought fills her with much regret. Mildred's abusive ex-husband Charlie comes to Mildred's house with his air-headed younger girlfriend Penelope. Charlie gets into a confrontation with Mildred over the billboards for letting others know exactly what happened to Angela. He pushes Mildred against a wall while Robbie holds a knife to his throat. After Charlie lets Mildred go, he tells her that Angela had wanted to move in with him, and says she would still be alive if she did so. Charlie implies that Robbie knew. When Mildred asks, Robbie just says he doesn't know. Mildred goes to the ad agency over the rent for the billboards, when Red's secretary Pam brings in an envelope and note with the rent for keeping up the billboards a little longer. The donor of the money is kept anonymous. Willoughby takes his family out to the lake so he can teach his daughters how to fish. Later that night, he makes love to Anne. As she falls asleep, Willoughby goes out by the stable and puts a bag over his head before he shoots himself in the head. Anne hears the gunshot and finds a note on the table written by Bill, and she breaks down crying when she realizes what has happened. His note to her explains that he couldn't bear to watch her and the girls suffer as his health continues to deteriorate, and he couldn't stand the physical pain he would endure from the cancer. Everyone at the police department is devastated over what happened to Willoughby. Dixon in particular is so overcome with grief that he walks across the street to the ad agency to physically attack Red, even throwing him out the window (but not killing him). Dixon even punches Pam in the face on the way out, just as the new chief, Abercrombie is walking by. The news of Willoughby's suicide is featured on the news. When it is suggested that Mildred's billboards may have had something to do with it, she gets even more hatred from the residents in Ebbing. While dropping Robbie off at school, a student throws a can at her car. She gets out to confront the kid and kicks him in the nuts, along with a friend of his. A man enters Mildred's shop and throws a glass figurine at her. He suggests that he was a friend of Dixon's or possibly the man that killed Angela, but then he denies all of that and leaves, simply trying to scare Mildred. Anne enters moments later with a note that Willoughby left for Mildred. She reads it and learns that he was the one that paid the rent money for the billboards to keep drama going after his death. At the station, Abercrombie enters and announces that he is Willoughby's replacement. Dixon insults Abercrombie and is promptly fired. Mildred is driving home with Robbie at night when they see the billboards are all on fire. Mildred grabs an extinguisher while Robbie drives home for another. They put out the fires but the messages are destroyed. Dixon is called by the desk sergeant at the station to go pick up a note left for him. He goes at night when Abercrombie isn't there, while Mildred sneaks into the ad agency after believing that Dixon set fire to her billboards. Dixon finds the note, another written by Willoughby. It says that Willoughby knew Dixon wanted to become a detective and he believed that Dixon has what it takes to do so, but he needs to be more loving and compassionate to do so. Mildred then starts hurling Molotov cocktails at the station. Dixon gets out of the burning building while saving Angela's case file, but he gets badly burnt. Mildred runs out as James shows up to put out the fire on Dixon's body. After the authorities show up, James provides Mildred with an alibi saying she was with him. Grateful, she agrees to go to dinner with him. Dixon is brought to the hospital for his burn wounds, and is placed in the same room as Red. The former policeman gives a tearful apology, and after a few moments of anger, Red lets it go and forgives his attacker. Mildred is visited by Jerome, who has received duplicates of the billboards after the fire. He, James, and Mildred's coworker Denise help Mildred put them back up. Dixon mostly recovers from his wounds and is at the bar. The man that threatened Mildred at her store enters with a buddy. He starts bragging about raping a girl seven months earlier, which Dixon overhears and believes he is talking about Angela, especially since the guy mentions dousing her with gas, and Angela's body was burnt. Dixon approaches the guy and pretends to do a magic trick, but he just scratches the guy's cheek, leading him to start beating the crap out of Dixon until his buddy talks him down. Dixon goes home and takes a piece of skin from under his fingernail to send in as a DNA sample. Mildred is at dinner with James when Charlie and Penelope walk in. Charlie approaches Mildred and admits he set the billboards on fire while drunk and angry, but he was convinced by Penelope that "anger only begets more anger". After a while, James figures Mildred is uncomfortable with their date because James is a small person, and he leaves after paying. Mildred walks over to Charlie and Penelope's table with a wine bottle as if to use it on them, but she instead sets it down and tells Charlie to be good to Penelope. Dixon contacts Mildred with the news that he may have found Angela's killer. However, after the results come back, Dixon meets with Abercrombie to find out that the man was not Angela's killer, as he was stationed in the Middle East around the time of her murder, and the DNA samples don't match. Dixon calls Mildred again to tell her the news, both of them extremely disappointed with the results. He does note that the man is still a rapist, and Dixon got his license plate number. Mildred and Dixon head off to Idaho where the man lives to take matters into their own hands. On the drive there, Mildred admits she set fire to the police station. Dixon already knew since, "Who else could it be?" The two of them then contemplate the decision of killing the man when they see him, but they figure they'll decide once they get there. 