nm0002946:

 Mystery Men (1999)44) A group of inept amateur superheroes must try to save the day when a supervillain threatens to destroy a major superhero and the city. In order to generate more endorsement revenue, Champion City's resident superhero Captain Amazing arranges for the release of super villain Casanova Frankenstein, only to be captured by him. The city's fate rests in the hands of seven loser superhero wannabes: the fork-flinging Blue Rajah, the shovel-wielding Shoveler, the possessed bowling ball-hurling Bowler, the flatulent Spleen, the only-when-nobody's-looking Invisible Boy, the mysterious Sphinx, and the perpetually-angry Mr. Furious. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> When Captain Amazing (Kinnear) is kidnapped by Casanova Frankenstein (Rush) a group of superheroes combine together to create a plan. But these aren't normal superheroes. They are individuals who are not good enough to be real superheroes. Now, the group who include such heroes as Mr. Furious (Stiller), The Shoveller (Macy) and The Blue Raja (Azaria) must put all the powers together to save everyone they know and love. FilmFanUK In Champion City, would be superheroes like The Shoveler, The Blue Raja and Mr. Furious can't seem to make a difference and impress either the city or its greatest superhero, Captain Amazing. However, when Captain Amazing is captured by his greatest enemy, Cassanova Frankenstein, these stumblebum heroes must join with other superhero hopefuls to save the Captain and the city. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Agent Cody Banks (2003)44) A government agent trains Cody Banks in the ways of covert operations that require younger participants. A government agent trains a typical teenager Cody Banks who loves to skateboard, hates math, and feels like a complete idiot around girls, in the ways of covert operations that require younger participants. But Cody's got a secret--he's actually part of a secret teen CIA program. Cody's living every boy's dream life--he can drive like a stunt man, has an incredible arsenal of cool gadgets, and his agency mentor, Ronica Miles, is totally hot. But Cody's training is put to the test when he's sent to pose as a prep school student and befriend fellow teen Natalie Connors in order to gain access to her father--a scientist unknowingly developing a fleet of deadly pair of twisted villains called the nanobots for the evil organization ERIS, which can destroy any carbon or silicon-based substance-to destroy the world's defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes him. From runaway cars and high-speed snowboard chases to a spectacular final mountaintop showdown, Cody has to use everything he's learned to prove himself as an agent and stop ERIS from completing their mission before their mission fails. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} To his family and friends, Cody Banks is a typical teen--he loves to skateboard, hates math, and feels like a complete idiot around girls. But Cody's got a secret--he's actually part of a secret teen CIA program. Cody's living every boy's dream life--he can drive like a stuntman, has an incredible arsenal of cool gadgets, and his agency mentor, Ronica Miles, is totally hot. But Cody's training is put to the test when he's sent to pose as a prep school student and befriend fellow teen Natalie Connors in order to gain access to her father--a scientist unknowingly developing a fleet of deadly nanobots for the evil organization ERIS. From runaway cars and high-speed snowboard chases to a spectacular final mountaintop showdown, Cody has to use everything he's learned to prove himself as an agent and stop ERIS from completing their mission--and, maybe, even get the girl. Sujit R. Varma Cody Banks is a shy common teenager, living with his mother, father and little brother in a suburban house. But he is also a very efficient undercover CIA agent. He is assigned by CIA director, with the support of his instructor Ronica Miles, to date Natalie Connors in order to be invited to her birthday party and get close and spy Natalie's father, Dr. Connors. Dr. Connors is a brilliant scientist, who has developed some sort of micro-robots with the intention of controlling oil leakage from tankers. However, the investors of the experiment intend to use the device as a powerful weapon. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Behind Enemy Lines (2001)431) A disillusioned pilot shot down over war-torn Bosnia is ensnared in the conflict in war-torn Bosnia. In the crosshairs of the enemy and an assassin, the spoiled pilot runs for his life as his commanding officer risks all to save him. Fighter navigator Chris Burnett wants out: he was looking for something more than the boring recon missions he's been flying. He finds himself flying the lone Christmas day mission over war-torn Bosnia. But when he talks pilot Stackhouse into flying slightly off-course to check out an interesting target, the two get shot down. Burnett is soon alone, trying to outrun a pursuing army, while commanding officer Reigert finds his rescue operation hamstrung by politics, forcing Burnett to run far out of his way. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Lt. Chris Burnett has lost faith in his job in the Navy and wants to get out, and is even forced to do a reconnaissance mission with his friend Lt. Jeremy Stackhouse over Bosnia. During the mission, they fly their jet off course to check out a suspicious target that turns out to be the site of a mass grave that contains bodies of Bosnian Muslims. The main perpetrator of the massacre, Gen. Miroslav Lokar, has the plane shot down in order to avoid having the plane obtaining evidence of the massacre. Stackhouse ends up getting killed, while Burnett finds himself alone on the run from Lokar's ruthless soldiers. Burnett's commanding officer, Rear Admiral Leslie Reigart, has trouble gaining approval from his own commanding officers to carry out a search-and-rescue mission to save Burnett. From encountering a major battle in a war-torn town, to mine fields, to Serb soldiers seeking the pilot, and to a highly skilled sniper, will Burnett be able to escape Bosnia, or will he suffer the same fate of his comrade? Sam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the war in Bosnia comes to an end, the USS Carl Vinson (CVN-70), under the command of Admiral Leslie Reigart (Gene Hackman), that is stationed in the Adriatic Sea, along with the rest of the NATO forces in Bosnia, are preparing to withdraw. However, Flight Navigator Lieutenant Chris Burnett (Owen Wilson), and Pilot Lieutenant Jeremy Stackhouse (Gabriel Macht) are assigned a reconnaissance mission over Bosnia. During the reconnaissance mission, they spot suspicious activity in the no-fly zone that NATO aircraft are prohibited from entering. Burnett persuades Stackhouse to fly their F/A-18F Super Hornet off-course to get a close look on the target and they take photographs of the area. However, both men do not realize that they photographed mass graves, and Serbs in the area spot the jet. The local Bosnian Serb Army commander, General Miroslav Lokar (Olek Krupa), is involved in a secret genocidal campaign against the local Muslim population. Not wanting the mass graves to be discovered, Lokar orders the plane to be shot down. Despite trying to outmaneuver the missiles shot at them, their aircraft is hit and they are forced to eject. Both Burnett and Stackhouse parachute into Serb-held territory along the Bosnia-Serbia border, with the latter being injured. Burnett goes to higher ground to contact Reigart for help. Stackhouse, however, is captured by a Serb patrol under Lokar's command. As Lokar interrogates him, Stackhouse insists that he was on a solo mission. As the Serb patrol moves on, Stackhouse is deliberately executed by one of Lokar's right-hand men and, apparently, his personal assassin, Sasha (Vladimir Mashkov). Burnett, who noticed the Serb patrol and was observing their interrogation of Stackhouse, involuntarilly screams in horror, alerting the Serbs to his location. Wanting Burnett dead as well, Lokar sends his second in command, Colonel Bazda (Marko Igonda), and Sasha to find him. Burnett contacts Reigart on high ground to inform him of what happened. Reigart orders Burnett to move to a certain location in order to be extracted. However, Admiral Piquet (Joaquim de Almeida), commander of NATO's naval forces and Reigarts superior officer, tells Reigart that the shooting down of Burnett's jet and any attempt to rescue the navigator in the no-fly zone could throw Bosnia into more civil war, thus hampering NATO's withdrawal from the nation. Therefore, as Burnett moves to the designated extraction point, Reigart tells him that he must move to a location outside of the de-militarized zone in order to be rescued. Piquet also has Reigart's team stand down from the rescue operation, choosing to use his own team for the extraction instead. Immediately after being informed, Burnett sees a Serb patrol that is looking for him. With the patrol in pursuit, Burnett runs. Burnett falls into the very mass graves that he and Stackhouse had photographed and hides under a dead body. As the Serb patrol gets to the graves, they inspect the area for Burnett, but then withdraw. Burnett, horrified by what he sees, continues to run. Reigart sees some of this on an infrared satellite feed, and contacts the media to inform them of Burnett's situation, much to Piquet's anger. As he continues to the new extraction zone, Burnett has to make his way through an abandoned factory which is booby-trapped with tripwired antipersonnel landmines. When a small Serb patrol discovers and tries to pursue Burnett, one of the militants accidentally steps on a tripwire, killing the entire patrol and setting off a chain reaction of exploding mines. Burnett manages to survive,by running as fast as he can and keeping just ahead of the exploding mines, and is unaware that Sasha is following his tracks. Later on, Burnett takes a rest in a forest. However, as he has a flashback of Stackhouse's death, including the fact that Sasha is in the area, Burnett wakes up and keeps running. Burnett manages to stop a pickup truck with Bosniak guerrillas, among them a young militant named Babic (Kamil Kollarik). The Bosniaks offer Burnett a ride and head for the town of Ha which is in the safe zone. However, Serbs under the command of Lokar take over the town, partly because they know Burnett is heading there. As Serbian forces take over the town they believe they have found Burnett's body following a firefight, but he switched uniforms with a Serb militant and escaped. The Serbians parade the corpse wearing Burnett's uniform and broadcast it on the news, claiming that Burnett had been shot by Bosniak forces to prevent the American rescue unit from retrieving Burnett. Their ruse works and when Burnett and Babic arrive at the next evacuation point, they watch helplessly as the helicopter turns away. Burnett, disappointed, then notices a landmark that he parachuted down nearby, as this is where his ejection seat landed. Burnett wants to return to the site in order to prove to his carrier group that he is still alive as well as obtaining the evidence of Lokar's crimes. Knowing he is putting himself in danger, Burnett orders Babic to leave. He returns to his ejection seat and reactivates the rescue beacon. Even though the carrier group notices Burnett's signal, he also alerts the Serbs to his location. Knowing that doing so would result in being relieved from command, Reigart prepares a task force aimed to rescue Burnett. Meanwhile, General Lokar, who is aware that Burnett is alive, sends both Bazda and Sasha alone to kill Burnett. Enroute to Burnett's location, Bazda steps on a landmine. Burnett hears the explosion and is alerted. Sasha takes a position and sees Burnett hiding behind the ejection seat. However, as Sasha hears the approaching American helicopters coming to rescue Burnett, he walks toward the ejection seat. However, as he gets to the ejection seat, Sasha realizes that he was tricked. Burnett jumps out of a snowdrift behind Sasha and shoots him several times but fails to kill Sasha, who gets off a shot of his own but only grazes Burnett's shoulder. They engage in a hand-to-hand fight until Burnett pulls a flare and stabs Sasha in the chest with it; killing him. Immediately after killing Sasha, Lokar arrives with a platoon of BMP-1 armored personnel carriers and infantry, and begin to fire upon Burnett; who runs to a nearby angel statue. UH-1 Huey helicopters of the USMC finally arrive and fire on the Serbs. Just yards away from the rescue helicopter, Burnett turns and runs back to the ejection chair to retrieve the hard drive containing the photos of the mass graves. Noticing what is happening Lokar tries to shoot Burnett, but Burnett runs back to the helicopter amid the gunfire and once on board, the task force withdraws back to the aircraft carrier. After the rescue, he gives the photographic evidence to Reigart explaining it as the reason why Stackhouse was killed. The evidence of Lokar's war crimes put the general on trial. Reigart is relieved from command for his actions and is given a desk job in Washington DC, but chooses to retire with the respect of his sailors for the sacrifice he made to recover the downed pilot. Burnett, who earlier wanted to resign from active duty, decides to remain in the Navy. 
 High Crimes (2002)321) A successful lawyer's husband is arrested for murdering 9 villagers in El Salvador in 1988 as US soldier under a different name. She defends him in military court and investigates. Framed? High powered lawyer Claire Kubik finds her world turned upside down when her husband, who she thought was Tom Kubik, is arrested and is revealed to be Ron Chapman. Chapman is on trial for a murder of Latin American villagers while he was in the Marines. Claire soon learns that to navigate the military justice system, she'll need help from the somewhat unconventional Charlie Grimes; meanwhile, Claire's sister, Jackie, is falling in love with wet-behind-the-ears Lieutenant Embry assigned as the official defense lawyer. And most of the eyewitnesses have rather too conveniently died. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Claire Kubik (Ashley Judd) is happily married to her husband, Tom [Jim Calviezel]. The movie opens with her having sex and becoming pregnant. Claire is a high profile lawyer who is pretty famous. While Claire and Tom are strolling along the street, a SWAT team swoops down on them and takes Tom away. He is charged with murder while serving in the army. Apparently, three American students were killed in a cafe in El Salvador. A terrorist was suspected of the killings, and Kubik's battalion was sent to a remote village where the terrorist may have been hiding. Their search was fruitless; but, apparently, a soldier lost his cool and killed nine civilians. The Government is accusing Kubik. Claire has no experience in a military tribunal, so she enlists the services of Charles Grimes (Morgan Freeman). Tom Kubik claims another member of the platoon named Hernandez shot the civilians in a fit of rage and convinced the rest of the platoon to lie and say he (Tom) did it. Grimes tracks down another former member of the platoon and gets him drunk. Grimes tapes the ex-soldier admitting he was bribed into accusing Kubik. The tape is not allowed in court because the man mysteriously vanishes. Apparently, there is a huge conspiracy because many of Claire's associates are attacked many times during the course of the movie, and Claire is attacked by a Mexican man. Claire confronts the Mexican man and he tells the real story: Hernandez threw the bomb into the cafe because the head terrorist was really there and was really killed. The Army didn't know there were Americans in the cafe. As a cover-up, the Army claimed the head terrorist did it and sent in the platoon to look for the terrorist in that remote village. Clarie verifies this because Hernandez had a patch in his eye from when the Mexican dude claimed Hernandez got cut from the debris from the blast. Medical records prove this. Later, for some reason not known, the case is just thrown out. Apparently, Grimes has dug up some dirt and found out that two witnesses were murdered in Texas and Mexico. Tom happened to be in both towns on the days of the murders. We then learn that Tom was also involved in this whole conspiracy. That blew me away because all this time, they were trying to prosecute him... Tom finds out that Claire found out about him attacks her, and Mexican dude comes in at last second to save her. End of movie. 