nm0002990:

 Soul Food (20002004)Summaries The everyday life and problems of the Josephs, a black family living in Chicago, Illinois. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Intimate Betrayal (1999 TV Movie)Summaries When her brother is murdered, a young reporter sets out to find his killer. She is comforted by his boss, a wealthy computer magnate, until her investigation slowly points to him. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Parkers (19992004)Summaries Nikki decides to go to school to get her degree at Santa Monica college. Mother and daughter Nikki and Kim Parker both attend Santa Monica College. Nikki got pregnant with Kim and dropped out of school but now, just as Kim is getting ready for college, Nikki decides it's her turn to finish getting her education. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Rebel Heart (2009)Summaries After her mother is sent to prison, profound changes occur in the lives of several people when 17-year-old Mandy Graham goes to live with her father's dysfunctional family who she never knew. Soon passions are unleashed, laying bare souls and revealing long hidden secrets. Dianah Wynter In this teen drama, Mandy, a high school footballer from the ghettos of Trinidad is shipped off to the idyllic island of Tobago to live with her great uncle Cephas. Anger and fear keep Mandy from seeing the beauty all around her. But the island becomes a character in itself, smoothing away Mandy's rough edges. With tropical locales and music from Destra and Farmer Nappy, HappySAD is a classical tale of teen angst set in an island paradise. Rbi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 