nm0001085:

 Movie 43 (2013)541) A series of interconnected short films follows a washed-up producer as he pitches insane story lines featuring some of the biggest stars in Hollywood. Ineffectual, 'has-been' film-maker (Dennis Quaid) swindles his way into an interview with a film executive (Greg Kinnear) in order to pitch an outrageous and controversial comedy manuscript. After pitching the first of his thirteen offbeat fables, the dejected artist forces the rest of his disjointed allegory on the executive at gunpoint. He tells stories of a woman on a blind date with a man who has testicles growing from his neck, in another a smitten woman offers her neck to her boyfriend to 'poop' on -as a sign of commitment and love. In yet another two parents take home-schooling to a whole new level of indecency, striving to give their isolated teenage son all the 'regular' torment and humiliation of puberty by bullying, peer-pressuring and even seducing him themselves. An off-beat, elephant-in-the-room type film. kwedgwood@hotmail.com Struggling screenwriter Charlie Wessler has managed to get a pitch meeting with studio executive Griffin Schraeder. The many ideas Charlie pitches, each with a shocking twist, include: a woman unable to contain her horror at the unaddressed obvious physical issue with a blind date, one of the most eligible bachelors in town; parents who do whatever needed to make sure their home-schooled teenaged son's academic experience is as typical as possible; a man's efforts to accommodate an "if you love me" request from his fiance; a young couple's troubled relationship played out, unknown to them, on the loudspeaker of his workplace, a big box retailer; a corporate managers' meeting to discuss a design flaw with their latest release, the iBabe; Robin, of Batman & Robin, trying to speed date without the interference of his much higher profile partner; two middle-schoolers, on a date at his house, when she experiences her first period in a testosterone-laden environment; the issues around a birthday gift a guy gives to his male roommate; a couple on a blind date who decide to get to the crux of their beings by playing truth or dare; a basketball coach using the "black" elephant in the room to spur on his players; and a woman's relationship with her boyfriend's animated cat, Beezel, and Beezel's fantasy relationship with the boyfriend. As the meeting progresses, Griffin comes to an obvious conclusion about the ideas while also coming to a revelation about the genesis of the meeting itself. He has to figure out how to handle dealing with Charlie in light of these issues and Charlie's reaction to Griffin figuring things out. Huggo An all-star team of directors including Peter Farrelly, Brett Ratner, Rusty Cundieff, James Gunn, and Steve Carr pilot a powerhouse cast featuring Hugh Jackman, Naomi Watts, Gerard Butler, Kate Winslet, Johnny Knoxville, Seann William Scott, Chlo Grace Moretz, Liev Schreiber, Terrence Howard, and Richard Gere in this anarchic, anything-goes comedy that shatters the boundaries of good taste. Movie 43 is a series of different sketches containing different scenes and scenarios.k. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "The Pitch" In this wrap-around segment, Charlie Wessler (Dennis Quaid) is an insane screenwriter who is attempting to pitch a script to film executive Griffin Schraeder (Greg Kinnear). After revealing several of the stories in his script, Wessler becomes agitated when Schraeder dismisses his outrageous ideas, and he pulls a gun on him and forces him to listen to multiple other stories before making Schraeder consult his manager, Bob Mone (Common), to purchase the film. When they do so, Mone's condescending attitude toward Schraeder angers him to the point that, after agreeing to make the film "the biggest film since Howard the Duck", he confronts Mone in the parking lot and tries to humiliate him. Wessler tries to calm Schraeder with more story ideas to no avail, and the segment ends with it being revealed that it is being shot by a camera crew as part of this movie, leading into the final segments. "The Thread" Calvin Cutler (Mark L. Young) and his friend J.J. (Adam Cagley) make a video in the style of MTV's Jackass and upload it on YouTube where it instantly reaches over 1,000,000 views. This turns out to be an April Fool's prank from Calvin's younger brother Baxter (Devin Eash) who cloned YouTube and hyper-inflated the views whilst working on his science project. Calvin and J.J. attempt to get revenge. They tell Baxter of a film that's so dangerous it'll cause the annihilation of the world. The movie is known as 'Movie 43'. While J.J. and Baxter look for Movie 43 on Google, Calvin retrieves Baxter's laptop and loads it with viruses from porn sites, and masturbates to the naked women on the porn sites in a bathroom. Baxter finds over hundreds of results for Movie 43 on a website referred to by him as a dark corner of the Internet. They find the sketches starting from the 43rd search on the list of results. As he and J.J. keep watching videos, they are interrupted by a man known as Vrankovich (Fisher Stevens) and a group of Chinese mobsters who are tempted to find Movie 43, even going as far as to take J.J.'s classmate Stevie Schraeder (Nate Hartley), film executive Griffin Schraeder's oldest son, hostage. Vrankovich warns them that if they find Movie 43, civilization will be left to ruins. They ignore his claims and keep searching. They eventually find the real, the one, and the only, Movie 43, which turns out to involve Baxter as a profane commando who leads a group of recruits to survive after the world has ended. As Calvin finishes ruining Baxter's laptop, his and Baxter's mother (Beth Littleford) enters, wearing the same shirt and shorts that the porn site women were, causing Calvin to flip out, have visions, and find semen from his erect crotch on his hand in shock and horror. Afterwards, a deadly earthquake rumbles and mankind is lost. However, a few years later, the only survivor: a crippled Calvin, finds Baxter's laptop, still working after getting viruses. He watches the last remaining skits on the laptop. "The Catch" Beth (Kate Winslet) is a single British businesswoman who goes on a blind date with Davis (Hugh Jackman), New York City's most eligible bachelor. When the two arrive together at a restaurant, Beth is shocked when he removes his scarf, revealing a pair of testicles dangling from his neck. Over dinner it confuses her that Davis fails to acknowledge his anatomical abnormality, and that nobody seems to be surprised by it. "Homeschooled" Having recently moved, Anna and Sean have coffee with their new neighbors. The neighbors, Robert (Liev Schreiber) and Samantha (Naomi Watts) have a teenage son, Kevin (Jeremy Allen White), whom they have home-schooled. Anna and Sean begin inquiring about the homeschooling, and the numerous manners in which Robert and Samantha have replicated a high school environment within their home, going as far as hazing, bullying, and giving out detentions, are humorously revealed. They also throw high school parties and Samantha simulates Kevin's "first kiss" with him. Visibly disturbed, the neighbors end up meeting Kevin, who says he is going out and gives them the impression that all is fine: until he reveals a doll made of a mop with Samantha's face on it, referring to the doll as his girlfriend. "The Proposition" Julie (Anna Faris) and Doug (Chris Pratt) have been in a relationship for a year. When he attempts to propose to her, she reveals to him that she is a coprophiliac, and asks him to defecate on her in the bedroom. Urged by his best friend Larry (J.B. Smoove) and others to go along with it, he eats a large meal and drinks a bottle of laxative prior to the event. Wanting foreplay, Julie is angered when Doug wants to finish, and she runs into the street. Chasing after her, he is then hit by a car and graphically evacuates his bowels everywhere. She cradles him and apologizes; covered and surrounded by his excrement on the road, she exclaims that it is the "most beautiful thing" she has ever seen and accepts his marriage proposal. (In the end credits, Julie and Doug are mistakenly re-named Vanessa and Jason by Rocky Russo, Jeremy Sosenko, Steve Carr, Peter Farrelly, and Charles B. Wessler). "Veronica" Neil (Kieran Culkin) is working a night shift at a local grocery store. His ex-girlfriend, Veronica (Emma Stone), comes through his line and the two begin arguing, which soon turns into sexual discussion and flirtation as they humorously lament over their relationship; unbeknownst to them, Neil's intercom microphone broadcasts the entire explicit conversation throughout the store, where various elderly people and vagrants tune in. After she leaves in tears, the customers agree to cover his shift while he goes after her. "iBabe" A developing company is having a meeting in their headquarters over their newly released product, the "iBabe", which is a life-sized, realistic replica of a nude woman which functions as an MP3 player. The boss (Richard Gere), listens to his various workers (Kate Bosworth, Aasif Mandvi, and Jack McBrayer) argue over the placement of a fan that was built into the genital region of the iBabe, which is dismembering the penises of teenage boys who attempt to have sex with them. The board members then agree to strongly emphasise the dangers of the product via its new commercials. "Superhero Speed Dating" Robin (Justin Long) and his cohort Batman (Jason Sudeikis) are in Gotham City at a speed dating establishment seeking out a bomb threat by their arch nemesis, Penguin (John Hodgman). While Robin attempts to connect with various women through speed dating including Lois Lane (Uma Thurman) and Supergirl (Kristen Bell), Batman encounters his ex, Wonder Woman (Leslie Bibb), and attempts to stop Penguin from detonating Supergirl, who later turns out to be the Riddler (Will Carlough) in disguise, which Batman already knew and was screwing with Robin, who kissed "her" moments before unveiling. "Machine Kids" A faux-commercial about kids stuck in machines and how adults' criticism of these particular machines affect the feelings of the children stuck inside the machines. This commercial was paid for by the society for the prevention of cruelty to children inside machines. "Middleschool Date" Nathan (Jimmy Bennett) and Amanda (Chlo Grace Moretz) are watching television after school at Nathan's house as their first "middle school" date. When they begin to kiss, his older brother Mikey (Christopher Mintz-Plasse) enters the living room and makes fun of them. Amanda then discovers she is menstruating and tries to hide it, and when Nathan sees blood on her pants, he panics and believes her to be bleeding to death, causing a debacle, which would later have Nathan's and Amanda's fathers (Patrick Warburton and Matt Walsh) involved. "Tampax" Another faux-commercial; this time it now involves two women and Tampax as the two women are swimming in an ocean and a shark suddenly appears and graphically eats one of the women. "Happy Birthday" Pete (Johnny Knoxville) captures a leprechaun (Gerard Butler) for his roommate Brian (Seann William Scott) as a birthday present. After tying the leprechaun up in the basement, they demand he give them a pot of gold. The obscene leprechaun threatens that his brother is coming to save him. When he arrives, Brian and Pete are shot at but ultimately kill both leprechauns. At the end of the segment, Pete reveals he has also caught a fairy (Esti Ginzburg) who performs fellatio for gold coins. "Truth or Dare" Donald (Stephen Merchant) and Emily (Halle Berry) are on a date together at a Mexican restaurant. Tired with typical first dates, Emily challenges Donald to a game of truth or dare. She dares him to grab a mans buttocks, and he follows with daring her to blow out the birthday candles on a blind boys cake. The game rapidly escalates to extremes, in which both of them get plastic surgery and tattoos, and humiliate themselves. "Victory's Glory" Set in 1959, Coach Jackson (Terrence Howard) is lecturing his basketball team before their first game against an all-white team. Worried about losing the game, the timid players are lectured by Coach Jackson about their superiority in the sport over their white counterparts, which he expresses vulgarly. When the game ensues, the all-white team loses miserably and rejoices in a single point they earn. "Beezel" Amy (Elizabeth Banks) worries that her boyfriend Ansons (Josh Duhamel) cat, Beezel (an animated cartoon), is coming between their relationship. Beezel seems to detest Amy and anyone who comes between him and Anson, but Anson only sees Beezel as innocent. One day, Amy witnesses Beezel masturbating to summer vacation photos of Anson in a swimsuit. Beezel attacks her and violently urinates on her. Anson still finds his pet innocent but Amy threatens to leave if he doesn't get rid of Beezel. Caring more about his relationship, Anson agrees to find a new home for him. That night, Beezel tearfully watches the couple make love from a closet (whilst sodomizing himself with a hairbrush and dry humping a stuffed teddy bear). The next day when it comes time to take Beezel away, he is nowhere to be found. Amy goes outside to look. Beezel then runs her over with a truck and attempts to shoot her to death with a shotgun, but she chases him into the street and begins beating him with a shovel, which is witnessed by a group of children attending a birthday party at a neighboring house. When Anson approaches to see what is happening, Amy tries to explain Beezels motives. Beezel acts innocent and Anson sides with his cat. The children of the party then attack and murder Amy for beating up Beezel, stabbing her with plastic forks. Anson grabs Beezel, as Beezel again fantasizes about French kissing his owner. "Find Our Daughter" A mother and a father (Julianne Moore and Tony Shalhoub) are looking for their breast flashing daughter with the help of the private eye who is behind the camera with only one clue which is a small video that features their daughter. 
 Igby Goes Down (2002)44) A young man's peculiar upbringing renders him unable to competently cope with the struggle of growing up. Seventeen year old Jason Slocumb, Jr. - Igby to most that know him - comes from east coast old money, the second son of self-absorbed and controlling Mimi Slocumb and medically-diagnosed schizophrenic Jason Slocum, Sr., the latter who has for several years been institutionalized in a Maryland psychiatric facility. While Igby's economics-studying Columbia-attending older brother Ollie Slocum has embraced and aspires to continue their wealthy life, Igby has rebelled against it, considering his brother a fascist (although he could soften that label to Republican). Because of Jason's situation, Mimi has largely left the role of male role model for Ollie and Igby to their godfather, D.H. Banes. Igby's rebellion has led to him being kicked out of one prep school after another, the latest, a military academy, from which Igby escapes before he can graduate. As such, Mimi and D.H. arrange for Igby to live in New York with Ollie for the summer while working for D.H. renovating some of his properties, before Mimi arranges for yet another strict school for the fall so that Igby can at least graduate. Igby is largely able to hide out for most of the summer with the help of Rachel, D.H.'s younger heroin addict mistress, and Sookie, a slightly older waitress with who he falls in love. An issue with Sookie and the aftermath of a joint mission with Ollie leads to Igby having a clearer picture of what his immediate future will look like. Huggo Igby Goes Down is a personal tale about a 17 year old misfit boy who copes with his mother's cancer and his father's insanity by pursuing relationships with older women. Truly an intellectual, Igby is a modern day Holden Caulfield, and the world he lives in is far removed from the high standards of expectation he holds for it. Dan Bloggs Igby Slocumb, a rebellious and sarcastic seventeen year-old boy, is at war with the oppressive world of his East Coast "old money" family. With a schizophrenic father, a self-absorbed, distant mother, and a shark-like young Republican big brother, Igby figures there must be a better life out there, and he sets out to find it. After happily flunking out of several Prep Schools, Igby escapes into the bohemian underworld of Manhattan. His darkly comic trip--shared by a deviant cast of characters, including his terminally bored, part-time lover Sookie, his Godfather's trophy mistress Rachel, and smack-dealing performance artists Russel--veers from bizarre to tragic in Igby's ultimately noble attempt to keep himself from "going down." Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Scott Pilgrim vs. the World (2010)431) In a magically realistic version of Toronto, a young man must defeat his new girlfriend's seven evil exes one by one in order to win her heart. Scott Pilgrim plays in a band which aspires to success. He dates Knives Chau, a high-school girl five years younger, and he hasn't recovered from being dumped by his former girlfriend, now a success with her own band. When Scott falls for Ramona Flowers, he has trouble breaking up with Knives and tries to romance Ramona. As if juggling two women wasn't enough, Ramona comes with baggage: seven ex-lovers, with each of whom Scott must do battle to the death in order to win Ramona. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera) is an unemployed 23-year-old bass guitarist in an up-and-coming garage rock band who is dating a cute 17-year-old high school girl, Knives Chau (Ellen Wong). He is having fun in life and rolling along at a nice even tempo until one day Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) roller-blades into his life. Ramona moved to Toronto from New York City to find peace and quiet and leave her past behind. No one knows what her past is, but Scott will find out very soon as he tries to make Ramona his new girlfriend. Before Scott can begin dating Ramona, he must prove himself by defeating the league of her seven exes who controls her love life. They will do anything to get rid of and destroy any new boyfriend Ramona may consider. If Scott wants to find true love with Ramona, he must defeat all seven, before the game is over. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in a surreal world where our whole society is a giant computer system video game, the movie opens in Toronto, Ontario with Scott Pilgrim (Michael Cera) hanging out with his bandmates in a local rock and roll band called, Sex Bob-Omb. The drummer, Kim Pine (Alison Pill) used to go out with Scott in high school. Stephen Stills (Mark Webber) is The Talent and Young Neil (Johnny Simmons) lives there and hangs out with the band. Scott is telling them about his new girlfriend, Knives Chau (Ellen Wong). She's a 17-year-old high schooler five years younger then him. He likes going out with her because its simple. Knives arrives to watch them practice. As they practice, Knives watches in awe and becomes their biggest fan. After practice, Scott walks home with Knives. She's fawning and Scott eats it up. They arrive at his place but he doesn't invite her in. He says its a no girls allowed kind of place but asks her if she wants to see the house he grew up in. She says yes and they walk a couple feet across the street and there it is. Scott comes into his apartment and tells his gay roommate Wallace Wells (Kieran Culkin) that before he hears any rumors, yes he is dating a high school girl and tells him not to tell her. Immediately after, Scotts sister Stacey (Anna Kendrick) calls and yells at him for dating a high school girl. She heard it from Wallace. Later at night, Scott has a dream where he's in the desert all alone when all of a sudden a girl with hot pink hair roller skates by and tells him that he's just dreaming. Scott wakes up alarmed and tells Wallace, who sleeps in the same bed, as well as Other Scott (Ben Lewis) Wallace's boyfriend. The next day, Scott meets up with Knives at the library. He's distracted, as he can't get the mysterious pink-haired girl out of his head. As they head towards the check out counter, he sees her delivering a package and roller-skates away. Later, at band practice, Scott is still distracted. Stephen tells them the good news that they are going to be competing in a battle of the bands, where their main rival will be Crash and the Boys. That night, they go to Julie Powers (Aubrey Plaza) house party to schmooze and hang out with record people. This is boring to Scott who declares he will now go pee out of boredom. Scott sees Comeau (Nelson Franklin) who knows everyone and shows him a picture that he drew of the girl he saw. Comeau says yes, that is Ramona Flowers (Mary Elizabeth Winstead), who is supposed to be at the party tonight. Scott goes around the entire party looking for her and asking about her. Many party guest say that she is hardcore and hard to date. He finally finds her and tries to hit on her, failing miserably. He says he will leave her alone now. Scott goes to Julie and asks what her deal is. She says she's American and has a job at Amazon. Stephen, who used to date Julie, says she just broke up with some Gideon guy in New York. Julie is angry because she didn't want Scott to know that. During the rest of the party, he stalks her until she leaves. The next day, Scott goes onto the computer to order something from Amazon.com so Ramona will deliver it. He also gets an e-mail from some guy named Patel talking about a duel and a 'League of Evil Exes' but Scott declares it boring and deletes it. He sits in front of the door, waiting for the package he just ordered. The bell rings but its Knives. He hangs out with her begrudgingly but all he can think about is Ramona. He has another dream where he sees Ramona skating by and follows her to his own door. He wakes up and rushes to the front door and opens it before she can ring the bell. Ramona says there's a door in his subconscious that is a really easy shortcut in the subspace highway. She forgets that they don't have too much of that in Canada. Scott asks her out repeatedly and she finally relents. Scott and Ramona go out for a date outside, despite the snow and cold. To escape the cold, Ramona takes another subspace shortcut door and they arrive at her apartment. They make out but Ramona decides not to have sex with him tonight. Scott stays the night. The next day, Scott invites her to the battle of the bands. Scott is at the battle of the bands and sees Ramona. Also there, are Wallace, Stacey, and her friend Jimmy. Wallace constantly hits on Jimmy all night. Knives also arrives making it extremely awkward for Scott as everyone stares at him. He runs away backstage. Crash and the Boys play a great set, which freaks out Stephen thinking they can't follow that. They go up and in the middle of their performance Matthew Patel (Satya Bhabha) crashes into the room and attacks Scott. They get into a big fight. Scott asks him why they are fighting. He is one of Ramona's seven evil ex lovers. And by the rules of the video game world which they live in, he must defeat them all in order to go out with her. Scott defeats him and he bursts into a bunch of coins. Scott and Ramona leave on a bus where she explains that they are now dating but he must defeat all of her evil ex lovers. With one down, there are six to go. Scott tells Wallace that he needs the place in order to have a date with Ramona tonight. Wallace tells him that he will let him as long as he breaks up with Knives right now. Scott doesnt want to because itll be too hard but he does it anyway. Knives tells Scott shes in love with him but Scott breaks it off. Wallace goes to The Castle to watch them film a movie starring ex-pro skater, now action star Lucas Lee (Chris Evans) while Scott and Ramona have their date. Their date goes fine but Scott starts to feel uncomfortable once the conversation turns to their pasts. Scott had a bad break up with a girl named Envy Adams (Brie Larson) who left him after her band Clash at Demonhead got a huge record deal. They go over to the Castle to watch the movie shoot and they find out that Lucas Lee was one of Ramonas evil exes. Scott gets beat up by his stunt doubles but he turns it around and beats them all up. But Lucas is too powerful so Scott goads him into grinding with his skateboard on a really long rail. He agrees and does it but he goes too fast and explodes, defeating him. Scotts sad because he didnt get his autograph. Ramona left during the fight without saying bye to Scott. Scott tries to call her the next day but she won't answer. Wallace is rooting for their relationship so Scott can move out and he wont have to feel guilty about kicking him out. In an allyway, Scott is randomly attacked by a young teenage punk girl named Roxy Richter (Mae Whitman). He say's hes not really in the mood for this so she leaves, threatening to return later. Scott goes to the coffee shop where Stacey works to talk to her but she's already left. Scott finds Ramona, however, and they talk about how they dont want their past to affect their current relationship. At that moment, Scott sees Envy standing behind her. Her band Clash at Demonhead is playing in Toronto tonight and she invites Scott and his friends, including Ramona to come by and listen. At the concert, we find out that the bassist, Todd Ingram (Brandon Routh) is another one of Ramonas evil exes. We also find Knives is going out with Young Neil now, only to stay close to Scott. Knives notices that Scott is with Ramona now, which drives her to a jealous rage. Envy invites them all backstage where they very awkwardly sit together. Knives acts like an overexcited fan and Todd punches her. Scott pounces, ready to fight, but Todd has psychic powers and stops him mid-air. He has superpowers because he's a vegan and he went to Vegan Academy. They fight for a bit but Scott finds its hopeless so he challenges him to a bass battle. Todd wins knocking him into the next room. Before Todd can finish Scott off, Scott offers Todd some coffee with soymilk in it. But it actually has milk in it, forcing Todd to lose his vegan powers. Then the Vegan Police (Thomas Jane and Clifton Collins Jr.) arrive and punish Todd by destroying him. He bursts into coins. Scott apologizes to Envy and leaves with Ramona. Scott and Ramona go to Clash at the Demonheads after party. Scott is upset that all of Ramonas evil exes keep trying to kill him. He feels threatened by her past. Roxy returns and punches Scott in the back of the head. This is another one of Ramona's evil exes. Apparently Ramona went through a lesbian phase for a few weeks. Ramona decides to defend Scott herself and pulls out a giant sledgehammer from her purse and fights Roxy. Roxy tells Ramona that according to the rules, it only counts if Scott fights her, but he refuses to fight a girl. Ramona takes him and uses his body to fight Roxy. They defeat her. Scott is upset about having to face off with all these exes and is thinking of leaving Ramona. She gives him a list of the rest of the evil exes he has to defeat and she leaves. At the band meeting, the band tries to plan out what they need to do to win their next battle of the bands gig. They are going up against Katayangai (Keita Saito and Shota Saito), a pair of twins that Ramona dated before. At the concert, they have a huge band battle as Ramona watches with Gideon Graves (Jason Schwartzman) in the audience. The two bands form giant electric monsters that fight and Sex Bob-Omb wins, defeating the fifth and sixth evil exes. Scott grabs an extra life that pops up by his head. Outside, Scott tries to talk her back but she has decided to get back with Gideon. Gideon says he liked the band and wants to sign them. Scott wont sign with him but the rest of the band will with Young Neil taking Scott's place on bass. Scott wallows in self-pity but Wallace talks him out of it and tells him to go fight for Ramona. Scott goes to the secret nightclub where Gideon is hanging out and where Sex Bob-Omb is playing. He arrives and tells Gideon he is going to fight him for Ramona because he loves her. He achieves the power of love and pulls a giant flaming sword out of his chest. Scott fights Gideon's minions and then Gideon himself. Knives arrives, saving Scott from Gideon. But Knives then challenges Ramona because she has broken Scott's heart. They start fighting but Scott stops them. He admits that he cheated on Knives with Ramona but doesn't think he cheated on Ramona with Knives. Gideon stabs Scott in the back and he dies. Scott is transported to the desert, alone and dead. Ramona is there and they talk about what he has learned and who he is really fighting for. Scott uses the extra life, which puts him back outside to the beginning of the scene. He marches back in repeating the fight up until Gideon asks him who he's fighting for. This time Scott says 'himself' and he gains the power of self-respect and pulls out another giant sword from his chest. This time he launches himself at Gideon and defeats him. Scott calls out for Knives but she jumps down and kicks Ramona in the head. Scott stops her and admits he cheated on both of them and takes full responsibility. Gideon gets back up. Knives and Scott team up to defeat Gideon. They beat him and he dissapears into 10,000 coins. Just before they leave, Nega Scott (an evil version of Scott) arrives. He tells Ramona and Knives to wait outside. He has to fight him alone. Outside, Ramona and Knives wait. The door opens and Nega Scott and Scott walk out laughing and conversing. Scott tells them that hes a really nice guy and theyre going to meet for brunch next week. Ramona leaves telling him that she doesnt want to make him another evil ex. Scott turns to Knives but she tells him to go after her. Shes the reason he went through all of this. Scott catches up to her and they get together. In the final shot, Scott and Ramona walk through another subspace door as the camera pans up into the sky. 
 The Cider House Rules (1999)431) A compassionate young man, raised in an orphanage and trained to be a doctor there, decides to leave to see the world. Homer is an orphan in remote St. Cloud, Maine. Never adopted, he becomes the favorite of orphanage Director Dr. Larch, who imparts his full medical knowledge on Homer, who becomes a skilled, albeit unlicensed, physician. But Homer yearns for a self-chosen life outside the orphanage. When Wally and pregnant Candy visit the orphanage, Dr. Larch provides a medically safe, albeit illegal, abortion, Homer leaves with them to work on Wally's family apple farm. Wally goes off to war, leaving Homer and Candy alone together. What will Homer learn about life and love in the cider house? What of the destiny that Dr. Larch has planned for him? Martin Lewison <MLewison@utk.edu> The life of Homer Wells, a precocious orphan who leaves his lifelong home and his loving tutor, Dr. Larch to explore the world. While Homer struggles to make a life for himself on his own, he must make monumental decisions that will change the course of his future and deeply affect the lives of those around him. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Homer Wells, an orphan, grows up in a Maine orphanage directed by kindly, avuncular Dr. Wilbur Larch. Homer is returned twice by foster parents; his first foster parents thought he was too quiet and the second parents beat him. Dr. Larch is addicted to ether and also secretly performs abortions for women. Conditions at the orphanage are spartan, but the children are treated with love and respect, and they are like an extended family. Each night before they go to sleep, Dr. Larch says to the boys, "Goodnight you Princes of Maine, you Kings of New England", as both encouragement and a kind of blessing. Homer, the oldest among the orphans, is very bright, helpful and even-tempered, so Larch trains him in obstetrics and abortions as an apprentice, despite Homer's never having attended high school. Homer disapproves of abortions, and, although he has been trained by Larch in the field, he refuses to perform them. After several years, Homer is very skillful and confident in performing obstetrical duties. Larch wants him to take over his position after he retires, but Homer finds this idea impossible, because he lacks formal medical education and wants to see more of the world than just the orphanage. Homer leaves the orphanage with Candy Kendall and her boyfriend, Wally Worthington, a young couple who came to the clinic to have an abortion. Wally is a pilot on leave from the service. Wally's mother, Olive, owns the Worthington family apple orchard where Homer settles in as a worker. Homer lives on the Worthington estate in a bunkhouse called the Cider House. Wally leaves to fight in World War II. Homer is exempt from military service because Dr. Larch has diagnosed that he has a heart condition. While Wally is away, Homer and Candy have an affair. He goes to work picking apples with Arthur Rose's team. Arthur and his team are migrant workers who are employed seasonally at the orchard by the Worthingtons, but are illiterate. When Homer reads them the rules of the Cider House that have been posted, the workers observe that the rules have been made without the occupants' consent by people who do not live there and so do not face their problems. Consequently, they feel that they can ignore these rules. Homer and Candy become much closer during this period of harvest and spend more time together while Wally is in Burma fighting. After Arthur and his team come back to work at the orchard the following season, it comes to light that he has raped and impregnated his own daughter, Rose. Rose confides in Homer after he finds out himself that she is pregnant and experiencing morning sickness. Homer decides that he must help Rose, and agrees to perform an abortion, with Arthur's assistance. A few days later, when Rose tries to run away, her father notices and goes to say goodbye; Rose stabs him and flees. Arthur then makes his own injury worse, and as a last request, asks Homer and another worker to tell the police that his death was a suicide. Wally returns from Burma a paraplegic, and although she loves Homer, Candy decides to go where she is most needed. Immediately following this decision, Homer learns that Dr. Larch has succumbed to (what he is told was) an accidental ether overdose. Eventually, Homer decides he too should go where he is most needed and returns to the orphanage, where he is greeted joyously by both the children and staff. Homer learns that Larch faked his diagnosis and medical record to keep him out of the war. Larch fabricated college credentials for Homer and used reverse psychology to convince the orphanage board to appoint Homer as the next director. Homer fills the paternal role that Larch previously held for the children of the orphanage, saying, "Goodnight you princes of Maine, you kings of New England". 