nm0008410:

 Dark Waters (2003 Video)Summaries Moneyless, ocean-exploring gigolo and his worldly lady-friend are forced to take part in looking into the possibility that aggression - utilizing marine life - is being planned. Unusually vicious and aggressive sharks attack an oil rig in the middle of the Gulf of Mexico. Dane Quatrell and a team are sent to investigate, but the sharks are still on the prowl and now they have developed a taste for human blood. Anonymous When a pack of sharks attack a oil rig transfer station, Dane Quatrell and a team are sent in to investigate. When their sub is attacked by the sharks Dane and two other members are the only survivors. Hours later they are picked up and taken to a Navy research sub where they uncover the truth about the sharks and more that they bargained for. Fabio Graziosi (Bullitt19D@aol.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Reevolution (2007)Summaries Reevolution is the love story of Miguel and Adela, they have a love so strong that it will challenge even the power of time. In the Mexican Revolution, Miguel and Adela are cruelly separated by Pancho Villa, a hundred years later, in their next reincarnation, they will meet again, this time, the circumstances are completely different, so they have to remember who they are, who they were and what they want to become, in order to stop the history to repeat again. Based in the traditional Mexican song 'La Adelita' Javier Colinas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cicatrices (2005)Summaries The story of a dysfunctional couple, whose problems will inevitably deteriorate their marriage and their son's life. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Against the Wind (2011)Summaries After working hard for years to finally be in charge of investments in her company, a woman in Mexico City discovers that she's being framed for multi-million-dollar fraud in the company as well as murder of her friend and colleague. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 