nm0005193:

 American Crime Story (2016 )55) An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. A drama series that examines infamous historical American crimes. In Season 1, "The People vs OJ Simpson", we follow the OJ Simpson murder trial of 1994-95. Season 2, "The Assassination of Gianni Versace", covers the murder of fashion designer Gianni Versace in 1997. grantss The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story is a limited series that takes you inside the O.J. Simpson trial with a riveting look at the legal teams battling to convict or acquit the football legend of double homicide. Based on the book The Run of His Life: The People v. O.J. Simpson by Jeffrey Toobin, it explores the chaotic behind-the-scenes dealings and maneuvering on both sides of the court, and how a combination of prosecution overconfidence, defense shrewdness, and the LAPD's history with the city's African-American community gave a jury what it needed: reasonable doubt. FX Networks There are few truly unifying events in American life. When something happens that makes the entire country stop and take notice, we remember it forever. Everybody remembers where they were when O.J. Simpson, riding in a white Bronco, led the police on a low-speed chase all over Los Angeles. This marked the emergence of the 24-hour news cycle and the birth of reality television. Fox Told from the perspective of the lawyers, it explores the chaotic dealings behind closed doors and how prosecution overconfidence, defense shrewdness and shocking courtroom twists led to one of the most earth-shattering verdicts of all time. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ricky Martin: Livin' la vida loca (1999 Video)Summaries The video features Ricky Martin performing in a pub with his band and hanging out with a lady (Nina Moric) at different locations, including New York city. One scene shows several women taking their shirts off and performing choreographed dance moves while it rains; this scene coincides with the line in the pre-chorus "She'll make you take your clothes off and go dancing in the rain". Various snippets of the video seem to merge into each other over the duration of the song. Towards the end of the video, Martin gets distracted by his lady partner while driving, causing him to drive erratically and causing another car to veer and hit a fire hydrant, releasing a fountain of water; this was also the first scene of the video. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Despicable Me 3 (2017)55) Gru meets his long-lost, charming, cheerful, and more successful twin brother Dru, who wants to team up with him for one last criminal heist. After he is fired from the Anti-Villain League for failing to take down the latest bad guy to threaten humanity, Gru (Steve Carell) finds himself in the midst of a major identity crisis. But when a mysterious stranger shows up to inform Gru that he has a long-lost twin brother - a brother who desperately wishes to follow in his twin's despicable footsteps - one former supervillain will rediscover just how good it feels to be bad. Balthazar Bratt (Trey Parker), a child star from the 1980s, rises to power and wants world domination. As Gru (Steve Carell) and Lucy Wilde (Kristen Wiig) attempt to stop him from stealing the largest diamond in the world, they fail as he flies away. Gru and Lucy are fired by Valerie Da Vinci (Jenny Slate) from the Anti-Villain League, and are jobless. As Agnes (Nev Scharrel) tries to sell things to get money, Gru receives news he has a twin brother. He flies to Dru's (Steve Carell's) location, but finds out he is a more successful and rich supervillain. Dru wants Gru to team up for one more heist, to which he gives in. Without Lucy knowing, they plan to steal the largest diamond in the world from Bratt, as the Minions get themselves in prison. kenamwilliam With the delusional 1980s' bad boy, Balthazar Bratt, the latest and most fearsome super-villain still on the loose, super-agents Gru and Lucy are fired from the Anti-Villain League after Bratt's botched attempt to arrest him. As a result, a now depressed and jobless Gru finds himself without a purpose in life. However, the news of an unknown twin brother somewhere in a foreign country will eventually spark a carefully subdued, yet profound interest to carry on the family's tradition. But, is the pairing of Gru and his bubbly brother, Dru, a match made in heaven? Nick Riganas Former villain Gru (Steve Carell) is now an agent for the Anti-Villain League (AVL). He and his partner and new wife Lucy (Kristen Wiig) are sent to foil the plans of Balthazar Bratt (Trey Parker), a former child actor from the 1980s who has turned evil. Gru manages to stop Bratt from stealing the Dumont Diamond, a giant pink diamond, but is unable to capture him. As a result of failing to capture Bratt, Gru and Lucy are fired from the AVL by its unreasonable new Director Valerie Da Vinci (Jenny Slate), following the retirement of the AVL's former Director, Silas Ramsbottom (Steve Coogan). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 August: Osage County (2013)44) A look at the lives of the strong-willed women of the Weston family, whose paths have diverged until a family crisis brings them back to the Oklahoma house they grew up in, and to the dysfunctional woman who raised them. Violet Weston ( Meryl Streep ) has cancer and a propensity for pills and alcohol. She's a difficult woman to deal with and her husband has finally had enough. Violet's family gathers including middle daughter Ivy, youngest daughter Karen (with her new fianc), eldest daughter Barbara (with her separated husband and teenage daughter), and her sister Mattie Fae (with her husband and son in tow). A family tragedy causes tensions to run high and secrets to come out. The Weston women will be forced to examine themselves and their lives whether they want to or not. Welcome to Osage County, Oklahoma in the sweltering heat of August. napierslogs August: Osage County tells the tale of the dysfunctional Westin clan, who all come together after the death of patriarch Beverly Weston (Sam Shepard). His wife Violet (Meryl Streep), who is fighting mouth cancer and a growing dependency on pain pills, sees her entire clan return home for the services, including her sister Mattie Fae Aiken (Margo Martindale) and her husband Charles (Chris Cooper) and their son "Little" Charles (Benedict Cumberbatch). Also arriving are Violet's three daughters: Barbara (Julia Roberts) and her husband Bill (Ewan McGregor), Ivy (Julianne Nicholson), and wild child Karen (Juliette Lewis), who brings her fiance Steve (Dermot Mulroney). As the clan bickers and jokes, old truths come to the surface, jealousies flourish, and eventually each of the characters confronts some past hurt or future fear.. Family members of married Beverly and Violet Weston - the former an academic and successful published poet - convene at the family home in rural Osage County, Oklahoma during an August heatwave first on the news that Beverly has disappeared, this not the first such time he has voluntarily wandered off but which Violet believes is for good this time in the growing rift between the two, and then second upon Beverly's body being found in a suicidal drowning. Beverly's intentions may have been telegraphed by he having just hired compassionate Johnna Monevata, a young Cheyenne woman, as a cook and live-in caregiver much to Violet's displeasure. The rift between husband and wife was only exacerbated by issues surrounding Violet's mouth cancer, their relationship only one of the many dysfunctions between family members. That family includes Violet's sister Mattie Fae Aiken, and Beverly and Violet's three adult daughters Barbara, Ivy and Karen. Mattie Fae, her husband Charles, and their underachieving son "Little" Charles, live locally, and while Charles does whatever he can to support their son in his love for him, Mattie Fae does nothing but berate Little Charles and his underachievement. Violet and Mattie Fae were emotionally and physically abused by their mother and her various boyfriends when they were children, which is a large part of the dysfunction with their respective children. Colorado-based Barbara, the "responsible" daughter, has come with her academic husband Bill Fordham and their fourteen year old daughter Jean. Barbara has largely taken on the role of sole guardian to Jean as Bill has moved out in having an affair with a younger woman, something that Barbara has not told anyone else in her family. In the process, Jean resents her mother. Ivy, the "lost" daughter, is the only one of the three who has remained in Osage County to be there for her parents, and in the process has felt she has forgone her own life, she only having recently found love in nearing age fifty, she not having told anyone largely because of with who she has fallen in love. And Miami-based Karen, the somewhat unaware wild child, has come with her older fianc, flashy fourfold divorced Steve Huberbrecht. As the dysfunction comes to a head especially between Violet and the girls and as the girls have to decide what to do about Violet in this last part of her life, a larger question becomes whether any of the girls can break the cycle of dysfunction. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 