nm0002100:

 Fresh Bait (1995)44) Three teenagers plan to steal the necessary funds to open their dream shop in the US, but things get messy. Three adolescents, a girl who serves as the priming and two boys, kill two men cold blooded who were known by the girl only for to steal the money of them. With the money the three want to open a shop for clothing in the United States. But their dream turns out to be more difficult to realize than the assassination. Volker Boehm In Paris, the eighteen year-old Nathalie Magnan works in a clothing store during the day and escorts successful men in a nightclub in the night. Nathalie lives with her boyfriend Eric and his moronic friend Bruno (Bruno Putzulu) in an apartment she rents. Eric dreams on traveling to the United States with Nathalie to open their on business but his father does not finance him. Eric plots a scheme with Bruno, Nathalie and her friend Patricia to raise money. They should go with their costumers to their apartments and once inside the apartment, they should the door open so that they could rob the apartment. Things do not work well and Patricia decides to give up and not participate in the heists. But when their plan goes wrong, Eric and Bruno have to kill their victim. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil December, 1993. A girl and two boys callously murder and rob first one man and then another, both picked from the girl's list of acquaintances. Their motive? To get ahead in life and make some easy money. The girl, Nathalie, signs a confession and is allowed to go home. She lured the victims to their fate but the boys, Eric and Bruno, did the brutal killing. None of the three has any distinguishing features, yet the seeds of evil are there. Happy_Evil_Dude It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mon Pere Ce Heros (1991)Summaries To impress a boy while on vacation with her divorced father, Veronique pretends that her father is her lover. Veronique, living with her divorced mother, is going on holiday to Mauritius with her father. To impress a local boy, Benjamin, she manages to complicate the situation by making up stories about her father. She presents him as her lover, a mercenary and even a secret agent which gets her into trouble and then her father has to start playing along... Inge Hoivik <ih@vingmed.no> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Elective Affinities (1996)Summaries The novel (1809) by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe. The marriage of Edward and Charlotte gets worse with the arrival at the castle Young Ottilia, grandson of Carlotta, and Brass. Edward is attracted to Ottilia, Carlotta by Otto. The action is moved from Germany to Tuscany San Miniato and Poggio a Caiano and moved chronologically Napoleonic era (but the finishing touches are several). Early in the 19th century, Edward and Carlotta, in love 20 years ago, find each other and marry. After a year's bliss at his Tuscan villa, Edward begs to invite Otto, an architect and friend, to join them. She has forebodings of disaster, but relents. Otto arrives, and to balance the dynamics, Carlotta invites her teenage godchild Ottilia to join them. Ottilia stirs Edward, Otto and Carlotta are attracted to each other, and these longings produce in Edward and Carlotta a night of passion that results in pregnancy. Otto leaves for Venice, Edward leaves for war, and a baby looking like Otto and Ottilia is born. Can anything be put right? Can the four return to their initial happiness? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Coco Before Chanel (2009)Summaries The story of Coco Chanel's rise from obscure beginnings to the heights of the fashion world. Several years after leaving the orphanage to which her father never returned for her, Gabrielle Chanel finds herself working in a provincial bar. She's both a seamstress for the performers and a singer, adopting the nickname Coco from her father in early childhood. A liaison with Baron Balsan gives her an entre into French society and a chance to develop her gift for designing increasingly popular hats. When she falls in love with English businessman Arthur Capel further opportunities open up, though life becomes ever more complicated. J-26 The life of Coco Chanel before her fame as a fashion designer is presented. Born with the name Gabrielle (Coco a nickname given to her from her singing the song, "Qui qu'a vu Coco dans l'Trocadro?"), she and her older sister Adrienne live in an orphanage in Obazine, France in their formative years following the death of their mother and being abandoned by their father. They stay together into their young adulthood, working as seamstresses during the day, and performing in a cabaret at night in Moulins. Fashion in an off-handed manner is already present in her being, she always decrying both their costumes and the general style of the day for women, both which are in her mind overly frilly and constraining. She and Adrienne are different personalities, Adrienne who aspires to that of most young women, love and marriage to a husband that will take care of her. Coco, on the other hand, has a streak of independence, bluntly speaking her mind, stretching the truth or lying to get what she wants, and not believing in love or a man in her life. She believes security can be had by getting to Paris and performing in the famous Alcazar. En route, she begins a symbiotic relationship of sorts with tienne Balsan, a wealthy stable owner who she met in Moulins. Through Blasan, Coco will meet two other people that play important parts in her life. One is actress Emilienne d'Alenon, who, while still adhering to the style of the day, admires certain aspects of Coco's own individual style, especially her simple straw hats. The other is English coal magnate Arthur Capel - nicknamed Boy - who may make Coco change her mind about love. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 