nm0004657:

 Reclaim (2014)Summaries A desperate American couple discovers all is not what it seems when they uncover a high-stakes underground scam while traveling abroad. To expose the truth and get back to the U.S., they must risk their lives to save their daughter. Chicago artists couple Steven and Shannon travel to Puerto Rico to complete the adoption of Haiti earthquake orphan Nina. They start bonding in a hotel and later resort waiting for the travel documents, but the trauma of a car accident rendering her infertile is rekindled by their weird neighbors, headed by NGO veteran Benjamin and feisty henchman Salo, who picks an even weirder bar fight to beat up staged-drunk Steven. Shortly after, Nina disappears and the San Juan police superintendent concludes it's a scam by a fake adoption agency. While the couple keeps looking desperately for cahoot Nina, Benjamin prepares an even crueler chapter, which bodes ill for all adults. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Guantanamero (2007)Summaries After a violent storm, Ali awakens on a deserted beach, sick and disoriented. They'll be looking for him and he must keep moving. Ivan, a local Cuban, takes Ali to the apartment of his sister Manuela, a dancer in Havana. At first, she is apprehensive to take in this tormented stranger, but she relents as she feels drawn to this mysterious person who has shown up on her door step. Ali is haunted by nightmares, which bring him to the horror of the interrogation room at Guantanamo, and by startling visions linking his past and his present life. But are these nightmares flash backs to his experiences in the prison or just dreams of a tortured soul? NDF International It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mama Chandra (2009)Summaries A moving short story about a clairvoyant running a future-teller enterprise from her front room, whose card reading antics come back to haunt her. Mama Chandra is a charismatic charlatan who reads Tarot cards for living. People come to her seeking guidance and insight into future, in particular when faced with important life decisions: a student who is about to drop out of university; a jealous wife suspecting her husband of having an affair; a failing actor who lacks self-belief. Mama Chandra peddles a mix of pretentious mysticism, motherly warmth and confident assurance, which endear her to a soul-searching clientele. That is until one day, when she receives a visit from someone, who doesn't particularly need any life advice from her. Darius Michael It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hurlyburly (1998)321) Hollywood movers and shakers dissect their own personal lives when everything seems to clash together. Hurly-burly is an adaptation of David Rabe's well known play about the intersecting lives of several Hollywood players and wannabes whose personal lives threaten to veer into a catastrophe more interesting than anything they're peddling to the studios. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Eddie (Sean Penn) is a coke addled casting director who shares home, business and occasionally women with Mickey (Kevin Spacey), and copious women and drugs with two other friends Arty (Garry Shandling) and best buddy Phil (Chazz Palmintieri). Over the course of a couple of days, Arty picks up a waif (Anna Paquin) who they all use shamefully. Mickey and Eddie converse constantly at home at work and by phone, trying vainly to square a love triangle involving Darlene (Robin Wright Penn). Phil meanwhile is an out of work actor who is considering getting his second wife pregnant because it will keep them together and yet is never around for her, prefering to agonise over his "talent". Tellingly in one scene Eddie is challenged that he keeps Phil around to remind him he isn't the lowest of the low. Phil clearly loves Eddie and needs his validation but Eddie probably has never actually cast him in anything. Mickey seems happy to stay the cleanest and most together of the four but is cynical and manipulative. A year later the film has moved on but the characters have not (although they probably think they have). Darlene is probably having an affair. Eddie is clean but can fall off the wagon at any moment. Phil is still agonising. Eddie fixes Phil up with Bonnie (Meg Ryan) a good time girl who, it emerges, is another person used and thrown away by the gang. At one point Phil hurls Bonnie out of a moving car - totally caught up in a noir like tough guy psychosis. The location inevitably is Mulholland, later the scene of a car crash that takes Phil leaving Eddie bereft. Before that there is time for Bonnie to return bruised and broken to end up ministering to Eddies emotional need with no one paying any attention to the potentially severe injury she is suffering. Phil returns and he and Eddie start, potentially, to be truthful with each other before lapsing back into philosophising. the boys love for each other takes precedence over and of the women. Phil leaves and returns carrying his own baby that he has kidnapped. The four hand the innocent child around like a toy in a hugely tension filled scene showing their utterly selfish irresponsibility. After Phil's funeral, the final scene is Eddie in the pool potentially drowning himself (not really) only for the abandoned waif, Donna, to reappear and offer him redemption...maybe he will grasp it, but probably not. the four have an amoral view of the world and an inflated sense of their own importance. The film is a scathing commentary about the self indulgence and navel gazing when Hollywood people tell each other shocking lies about how great they all are and then cocaine helps them take each other seriously. Eddie and Phil particularly enjoy cod philosophical explorations of their drug addled psyche, neither understanding the other. Mickey is flip and dismissive of this but is no better at seeing the world without the prism of his own ego. Arty is perhaps the most self conscious because he is a jewish caricature - anxious and apparently wise. The female characters are barely less self indulgent but definitely less well written; ciphers really - this is a buddy movie where none of the characters you'd want to be your buddy. 