nm0001872:

 A Perfect Getaway (2009)541) Two pairs of lovers on a Hawaiian vacation discover that psychopaths are stalking and murdering tourists on the islands. For their honeymoon, newlyweds Cliff and Cydney head to the tropical islands of Hawaii. While journeying through the paradisaical countryside the couple encounters Kale and Cleo, two disgruntled hitchhikers and Nick and Gina, two wild but well-meaning spirits who help guide them through the lush jungles. The picturesque waterfalls and scenic mountainsides quickly give way to terror when Cliff and Cydney learn of a grisly murder that occurred nearby and realize that they're being followed by chance acquaintances that suspiciously fit the description of the killers. The Massie Twins On Hawaiian honeymoon, Hollywood Screenwriter Cliff Anderson and his bride Cydney go from Honolulu to pristine island Kaua'i for an adventurous hike in the nature reserve, for which Cliff forgets his permit in the supply store. Reluctance to give macho Kale and his girl Cleo a ride creates tension that remains when they meet on the trail, with a third couple taking the lead: studly special forces Irak veteran Nick, who even hunts wild goats, and his equally exhibitionist steady girl Gina. Receiving the news that a serial killer who murdered a couple on Oahu probably passed to the island, as they did, starts the couples mistrusting each-other. Furthermore they seem to be followed by mystery stalkers, as turns out of two kinds. After the battle of whit, a bloody struggle for survival is inevitable: the killer is among them and strikes, despite a police helicopter searching for him. KGF Vissers Newlywed Hollywood Screenwriter Cliff Anderson and his wife, Cydney, head off to Hawaii for their honey-moon. After obtaining permits they drive a rented car and encounter hostile hitch-hikers, Cleo and Kale. They subsequently come to find out that police have discovered a brutally murdered couple with their teeth and nails removed. Cliff and Cydney then encounter war-vet Nick and his girlfriend, Gina, and together the four trek their way towards a popular beach. It will not take them long to realize that both Nick and Gina are a little odd, but before they could decide to separate from them, they find themselves confronted by Kale and Cleo, as well as unknown stalkers. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cliff and Cydney are an adventurous young couple celebrating their honeymoon by backpacking to one of the most beautiful, and remote, beaches in Hawaii. Hiking the wild, secluded trails, they believe they've found paradise. But when the pair comes across a group of frightened hikers discussing the horrifying murder of another newlywed couple on the islands, they begin to question whether they should turn back. Unsure whether to stay or flee, Cliff and Cydney join up with two other couples, and things begin to go terrifyingly wrong. Far from civilization or rescue, everyone begins to look like a threat and nobody knows whom to trust. Paradise becomes hell on earth as a brutal battle for survival begins... [D-Man2010] AGAIN D-Man2010, STOP with the brief summaries!!! This is for a FULL synopsis of a movie. Look up the definition. The film begins with video footage of a wedding. In the wedding footage, we see the brother putting the groom in a headlock and various friends/family talking to the camera about the newlyweds. After the wedding, newlyweds Cliff (Steve Zahn) and Cydney (Milla Jovovich) are driving in Hawaii on their honeymoon. Cydney videotapes them and notices for the first time a scar under Cliffs chin. He says that his brother hit him when they were younger. They drive to a goods store and buy hiking equipment. While Cliff makes sure they have everything, Cydney says that its been since nine minutes since theyve been apart. If he tells her that he missed her, shell give him a BJ in the car. Cliff is too focused and doesn't say it. He gets their permits to go on the hiking trail and pays for their equipment with a big wad of cash. Employee, Chronic (Anthony Ruivivar) walks into the store and eyes the money. He helps the couple put their things into the jeep and they drive away. As they pull out of the parking lot we see a newspaper on the ground. On the cover is a story about two bodies being found in Honolulu dead. Cliff and Cydney are shown around an island on a helicopter ride. Cliff has Cydney film him while he fools around in the helicopter. The remote island they are on only has two ways out by hiking or by kayaking. After the helicopter ride, Cliff and Cydney drive around in their rental jeep when they come across Cleo (Marley Shelton) and Kale (Chris Hemsworth) trying to hitch a ride by the side of the road. Cliff decides to stop for them, which Cydney doesn't agree with. Cleo says that they are heading towards a beach about 10 miles down the road. Cliff gets intimidated by Kale, who has the words do not revive tattooed over his heart. Kale starts to put their bags into the jeep when Cliff says that they're heading towards the big trail, not the beach. He says that they should just wait for another car to pass by. Cleo says that they've been trying to hitchhike for an hour. Kale gets angry and starts to unload their bags. Cleo shows Cydney some photos. Cleo and Kale just got married in a grocery store and are on their honeymoon as well. Cliff and Cydney have a change of heart and decide to drive them to the beach. However, Kale rejects them and curses at Cleo to get out of the F***ing jeep. Cliff and Cydney drive off. They get to the start of the hiking trail and excitedly begin the hike. They get to a narrow ridge in the trail and both are unsure of whether they can make it across. Another hiker, Nick (Timothy Olyphant), shows up and shows them how to get across. Cliff, following Nicks guidance, makes it across fine. Cydney though almost falls to her death when a helicopter suddenly flies by, but Nick grabs her and pulls her to safety. The trio walks together and Nick recognizes Cliff from somewhere but cant place him. Cliff says that hes an aspiring screenwriter. While Nick pees, Cliff mentions that his first work is being made into a movie, but the studio hired another writer to do rewrites. Nick says that he took a writing class once and knows a little about screenplays. He says that "every story needs a red herring". While hiking, they come across a group of girls trying to get their cell phones to work. One of the girls says that when they still had service, her father told her about some murderers being in Oahu and having killed two people already. The victims had their teeth pulled out and their fingerprints removed. The police are looking for a man and a woman as suspects. As it turns out, Cliff and Cydney just came from there before they decided to do the trail. Nick mentions that he was also just there. The trio continues to hike when Nick decides to break off from them. He says that he just hiked back to get some things that he forgot. Cliff and Cydney discuss whether they should stick with Nick (who is walking back to his camp) or if they should continue. Nick doesn't mind either way. The couple was about to head off on their own when Cliff suddenly has a change of heart after spotting Cleo and Kale on the trail just below them. They come to a waterfall, where Nicks girlfriend Gina (Kiele Sanchez) is lying down on a raft naked. Nick takes off his clothes and joins her in the water. Cliff and Cydney didnt know that Nick had company, and that they apparently dont care about being naked. Nonetheless, Cydney strips down and gets in the water while Cliff goes off on his own to try to find a signal for his cell phone. Cliff finds a signal and uses Google to look up the story about the murderers. It turns out that the killers were unknowingly photographed. Cliff tries to upload the image onto his phone. As the photo just starts to focus, Kale startles him from behind saying, "people die out here every year". Kale is still angry about Cliff turning them down earlier for the ride accusing Cliff of being a liar and says that he hates liars. Cliff says that he offered them a ride afterward so he doesn't know why Kale is so hostile towards him. Cliff thought that they were going to a beach, but Kale says that they decided to take the trail. Cliff thinks that they're following them and gets uncomfortable. Cliff tries to leave, but Kale blocks his way. Nick shows up behind Kale and asks if there is a problem. Cliff brushes past Kale leaving Nick and Kale to glare at one another. Nick grins before he turns to walk away. They go back down to the waterfall where Cydney and Gina are. Gina asks if she and Nick can tag along with them on the trail, since they're all going to the same place. Cliff and Cydney say yes. As Cliff looks through his bag, he cant find the permits. Cydney says that maybe he left them at the store, but Cliff is sure that he packed them in his bag. He goes off and looks through Cleo & Kales bags for the permits, but doesn't find it. What he does find is a business card for Kales parole officer. Cliff, Cydney, Nick, and Gina continue on the trail and get to know each other better. It turns out that Nick is some type of ex-special forces guy. He says that officially, he cant tell them exactly what he was. Unofficially, he says that hes an American Jedi. While on a mission, he got shot in the head. Doctors were able to save him and put a metal plate in his head. He doesn't mind much, since whenever he goes through a metal detector he can sneak through with a hidden knife, which he keeps strapped to his leg. Gina tells them that Nick is hard to kill. Nick tells Cliff that he should write a screenplay about him. Further on the trail, Cliff gets nervous since there are fewer people the farther they go. He goes off with Cydney to pee and shows her the photo of the killers on his phone. He asks her if the killers look familiar. They turn their attention towards Nick and Gina. Cydney says that the killers could be anybody and tells Cliff that they're fine. It starts to rain so they decide to set up camp. While the women stay dry under a cover, the men set up tents. Nick easily does this while Cliff struggles. Nick tosses Cliff his hatchet and he catches it. Nick remarks that he has good reflexes. Meanwhile, we see someone walking by their camp unseen by the group. Later on, Cliff comes out of the tent to see Cydney and Gina looking off in the distance. He asks them what theyre looking at, and they tell him whatever Nick is looking at. Nick stares into the forest then turns to come back to the camp. He says that a couple of goats passed by the camp. He makes a bow and arrow and tells Cliff to come help him hunt dinner. Cliff doesn't want to go so Nick teases him so Cliff relents and goes on the hunt armed with the hatchet. Both men venture out in the forest. Cliff asks Nick why they're hunting since he hasn't seen any goats around. Nick comes clean and says that they're not hunting goats. He says that they have a shadow, having seen someone lurking around the camp. He wants to find out who they are. Cliff asks if its Cleo and Kale, but Nick doesn't know. He also mentions that he knows Cliff has thought of him and Gina as the killers. They were there when the murders took place, as were Cliff and Cydney. Cliff says that its a coincidence that they were all there at the same time. Nick doesn't mind that Cliff suspected him and Gina, since its only his screenwriter mind at work. Nick leads Cliff through the forest and has fun with him making him constantly stop and come forward, stop and come forward pretending that danger is nearby. Cliff realizes this and ends the joke. As Nick walks off, Cliff sees a camp nearby. He tries to signal to Nick, but Nick is already long gone. Back at camp, Cydney talks about what she wants in life and about growing up. There was a guy named Rocky that everyone thought was perfect, and she dated him. However, she saw that there was something else going on with Rocky, something darker that he kept hidden. One day, they went out to a make-out point and things got hot and heavy when suddenly he stopped and turned on the headlights. He made her get out of the truck and led her nearby and showed her that he strangled a Labrador dog and the pantyhose was still around it's neck. Rocky said that if she ever told anyone, he would kill her. Gina is the only person shes ever told. Cydney remarks how its strange how much people talk about themselves to people they just met. Back to the forest, Cliff moves in closer to the camp he saw. He gets startled by someone. Cliff grabs the person and throws them to the ground, threatening them with the hatchet. It turns out to be Chronic. Cliff really did leave his permits at the store, and Chronic came out there to give it back. The rain clears up, and Cliff goes back to camp. Gina asks him where Nick is, but he doesn't know. Nick arrives, carrying a bloody goat on his shoulders that he killed with his bow and arrow. Gina gets the hatchet from Cliff and takes out a hidden knife from it. She then cuts off its head, guts the goat, and prepares it for dinner. While Gina works, Cliff and Cydney talk in their tent. Cliff says that Nick and Gina have officially graduated to the crazy category. Cydney agrees, and they both want to ditch them. However, they cant just leave due to how remote it is. Since they are two miles away from a beach, Cliff says that they're just going to have to ride it out with Nick and Gina. They're going to keep Nick and Gina happy so that they can all arrive at the beach alive. The next morning, Cliff wakes up hearing a helicopter flying around. The two couples watch as the helicopter lands nearby. Cliff wants to see whats going on, but Nick holds him back telling him that they should stay out of it. Cliff, Cydney, and Gina go down to the helicopter. A cop keeps them back at a distance. They see that Cleo and Kale are being thrown to the ground and arrested. The authorities believe that they are the killers. As they're being loaded into the helicopter, Kale says that they're innocent. The cops search through their bags and find several teeth inside. It looks like the search for the killers is over. The authorities take off with Cleo and Kale in tow. Cliff, Cydney, and Gina all breathe a sigh of relief since each couple suspected the other as the killers. They go back to camp and pack up everything. They continue on the trail and finally get to the beach. Cliff has Gina record him and Cydney with their video camera overlooking the beach as a rainbow shines in the background. They go to the beach and Gina ventures out to a waterfall while Nick plays football with the other hikers. Cliff lights up what looks like a butane lamp and sits with Cydney while looking at the ocean. Cliff approaches Nick and tells him that he paid the other hikers forty bucks to rent two kayaks for an hour. He wants Nick to go with him to explore some cave nearby. Nick tells him that he was planning on doing something with Gina, but Cliff goads him into coming along. They take off in the kayaks. Gina comes back and sees Cydney sitting in the distance on the beach. She yells out and asks where Nick and Cliff are going. Cydney yells back that they'll be back in a little while. Gina finds Cliffs camera and starts to go through his wedding photos. One particular photograph catches her attention and she drops the camera in shock. She runs along the beach screaming for Nick to come back, but he's too far to hear her. She tries to call him, but she doesn't have a signal on her cell. She grabs the hatchet and runs to find higher ground. Cydney finds the camera on the beach and realizes that Gina saw that the bride and groom in the wedding photos were not Cliff and Cydneys. She chases after her. Gina climbs up some vines and continues to run. Cliff and Nick get to the cave and relax. After a little while, Nick realizes that something is wrong. Cliff takes off his glasses and breaks them in his hand. Cliff then pulls a pistol on Nick as he reaches down for his knife. A series of flashbacks reveal that Cliff and Cydney are the killers. They killed the newlyweds from the wedding video and changed their appearances to look like them. They also removed the teeth and fingers from the bodies so that they couldn't be identified. They learned about their victims from all their friends and family talking about them in the wedding video. Another series of flashbacks focuses on Nick and Gina in Oahu. Gina goes inside a ring store and looks at a group of rings. She tells the cashier that when she leaves, her boyfriend is going to say that he forgot something and go back to the store without her. She wants the cashier to show him what rings she was looking at. Sure enough, as Gina and Nick walk away, Nick says that he forgot his drink and goes back to the ring store. The cashier shows him the rings Gina was looking at. Nick shows the cashier that he already has an engagement ring and was planning on proposing to her while looking at a sunset. He asks the cashier for her advice. If Gina would be happy with his ring, hell give it to her. If she'll be happier with one of the rings she was looking at, hell buy one for her. The cashier says that Gina will be happy with any ring he presents her. Flashback to earlier, Cliff planted the teeth in Kale and Cleos bags to frame them. When he encountered Chronic in the forest, he told them that he suspected Kale and Cleo were the killers, which led the authorities to arrest them. Cliff is really Rocky from Cydneys story. When they were on the beach, Cliff (Rocky) told her not to mess up their arrangement. Cydney loves him, but he doesn't feel the same way. They then smoked meth before Cliff (Rocky) approached Nick about kayaking. Cliff (Rocky) and Cydney planned on killing Nick and Gina, then stealing their identities. Gina winds up on the top of the cave and sees Nick & Rocky below. Rocky shoots Nick in the head, causing him to fall out of the kayak. Gina screams, which gives her away. Rocky shoots at her but misses. Cydney shows up with a knife and fights Gina, who fends her off with the hatchet. The weapons are knocked away and Cydney smashes Ginas head against a rock. She then kicks her in the stomach and grabs the knife. Gina stands up, weakened, and grabs the hatchet. Cydney charges at her, but Gina flips Cydney over, causing her to fall down into the cave (where she lands in the water). As Cydney fell she stabbed Gina in the leg. Gina threw the hatchet into the cave, almost hitting Rocky in the kayak below. Gina pulls the knife out of her leg and goes to get help. She tries to make a phone call but there is no signal. Moments later as she is peering over the cliff her phone rings and it's from a telemarketer in India trying to sell her a new wireless plan. Desperate, Gina tries to tell him (Woody) that shes in danger, but he wont listen. She then hears a walkie-talkie nearby. Cydney, in a kayak in the water, is telling Rocky where Gina is. Rocky suddenly climbs up and grabs Gina. She kicks him away and he fires the gun at her, shooting her in the hand. While he tries to reach the top of the cliff, Gina stabs him through the hand. Rocky rips the knife out and tells Cydney to get to the beach. He then chases after Gina through the forest. Meanwhile, Nick wakes up in the cave. The back of his head is open, and we see that the metal plate saved his life. He ties his head wound shut with a bandanna, retrieves the hatchet nearby, and goes to save his girl. Gina gets to the vines and climbs down. She runs into a group of guys who are looking for their stolen kayaks. She says that Rocky attacked her, and one of the guys happens to be an EMT. He wants her to calm down so that he can look at her wounds, but she tries to run away. The men hold her down and keep her from running. Rocky climbs down and acts innocent. He says that Gina is a meth addict and is delusional. The EMT says that its strange that Gina is supposedly high, since her pupils are fine, whereas Rocky's are as big as olives. His cover blown, Rocky shoots and kills all the guys. Suddenly Nick comes to the vines and jumps down, attacking Rocky. Nick is shot in the side while Nick has sliced halfway through Rocky's hand. Meanwhile, Cydney gets to the beach. She hesitates at first, but flags down a helicopter. Rocky, both hands wounded, sees that the gun is nearby. He manages to grab it while Nick grabs a knife. Rocky tries to shoot him but misses due to not being able to properly hold the gun. Nick grabs the gun and holds it to Rocky's throat. Rocky laughs when the helicopter arrives and the authorities order Nick to drop his weapon. Rocky says that if Nick kills him, the cops will kill Nick. If Rocky gets arrested, he'll act like the victim and beat the system. He promises that a year from now, Nick will run into him again only he won't look like how he does now. He'll look a lot like Nick. Just as the sniper is about to shoot, Gina appears in his line of vision and drags Nick away from Rocky. Nick drops the weapon and stands down. Gina kicks Rocky in the face and up in the helicopter Cydney informs the cops that the killer is Rocky. She points out that he's going for the gun while Nick and Gina have their backs to him and this time the sniper has a clear shot and shoots Rocky in the forehead, blowing his brains out. Nick and Gina are loaded in a helicopter to get medical attention. He's strapped to a stretcher while she sits nearby. The sunset in the background, he pulls out the engagement ring and proposes to Gina. She asks him how long he's had the ring. He says that its been a year and a half. She scolds him, asking him what took him so long. He says that he was just waiting for the right time. She gladly accepts and they kiss. At the exact same time they tell each other that they don't need no honeymoon. 
 War for the Planet of the Apes (2017)651) After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. Caesar and his apes are forced into a deadly conflict with an army of humans led by a ruthless Colonel. After the apes suffer unimaginable losses, Caesar wrestles with his darker instincts and begins his own mythic quest to avenge his kind. As the journey finally brings them face to face, Caesar and the Colonel are pitted against each other in an epic battle that will determine the fate of both their species and the future of the planet. ahmetkozan After being constantly attacked by the humans, despite asking for peace, Caesar and the Apes decide to find a new home safe from the humans. But after the tragic deaths of the most recent attack form the humans, Caeser embarks on a mission to kill the ruthless human Colonel. Ronald Pickleson Caesar decides to move to a place across the desert with the other apes to end the war with humans and live in peace. However they are attacked in a cave hidden by a waterfall and Caesar loses his wife Cornelia and his son Blue Eyes and only Cornelius survives. Caesar decides to revenge on their death and separates from the other apes to hunt down The Colonel, who was the responsible for killing his family. However Maurice, Luca en Rocket follow him while the other apes head to the safe place. Along the journey of Caesar and his friends, they stumble upon the mute girl Nova and the chimpanzee Bad Ape that go with them. They arrive at the border and find a facility where his clan has been captured by The Colonel and forced to build a wall without water or food. But Caesar is captured by The Colonel and learns that he has slaughtered infected humans. Now the army is coming to kill him and he is protecting his men and himself with a wall. What will Caesar do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Two years after the misanthropic bonobo Koba attacked the human survivors in San Francisco, Caesar and his tribe of intelligent apes have been forced against a rogue U.S. military faction known as Alpha-Omega led by a ruthless colonel. Alpha-Omega employs other apes formerly loyal to Koba, derogatorily called "donkeys". An Alpha-Omega platoon launches an attack on an ape outpost, but it fails and four soldiers, including one named Preacher and a "donkey" gorilla named Red, are captured. Caesar releases the soldiers, hoping the display of mercy will show the Colonel that the apes are not savages; Red escapes by injuring the albino gorilla Winter. Later, Caesar's eldest son Blue Eyes and lieutenant Rocket return from a long journey. Blue Eyes reports that they found a place across the desert that is ideal for the apes. Despite an uneasy Winter asserting that the apes should leave immediately, Caesar decides they need to prepare first. That night, the Colonel leads a team of soldiers in infiltrating the apes' home, killing Blue Eyes and Caesar's wife Cornelia; Caesar unsuccessfully attempts to prevent the Colonel's escape. Afterward, the apes are unable to find Winter, who they believe betrayed them out of fear. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this third version of the Planet of the Apes film, it has been 15 years since the ALZ-113 virus - also known by the human survivors as as the Simian Flu - spread across the globe killing billions of people (Rise of the Planet of the Apes), leading to a rise of intelligent apes. Their leader, the chimpanzee Caesar (Andy Serkis), had tried to maintain peace between the apes and humans, until the chip Koba (Toby Kebbell) betrayed the apes and brought on the dawn of a new conflict (Dawn of the Planet of the Apes). Now, Caesar and his clan are hiding out in a command base in the Muir Woods while a ruthless Special Forces Colonel of the military faction Alpha-Omega is out to get them. The humans and apes are now caught up in all-out war. A team of soldiers quietly move through the woods to locate the apes. They are being helped by an ape named Red (Ty Olsson), whom the soldiers refer to as "Donkey". Red and another ape loyal to Koba look out for the command base. The soldiers launch their attack on the base by opening fire, but the apes retaliate with great force, hurling spears and shooting at soldiers as they ride on horses. Red, along with several surviving soldiers, are captured. Caesar decides to spare them and send them back to their camp unharmed to send the message that the apes are peaceful. Red, meanwhile, escapes from the hold of Winter (Aleks Paunovic) and runs back to the camp. Caesar's son Blue Eyes (Max Lloyd-Jones) returns home to his family and his mate Lake (Sara Canning). Caesar rejoins his wife Cornelia (Judy Greer) and youngest son Cornelius (Devyn Dalton). Caesar and his friends discuss a plan to move the clan away from the woods and toward a new home. That night as the apes are asleep, several Alpha-Omega soldiers, led by Colonel McCullough (Woody Harrelson), stalk the command base. The soldiers are killed, but McCullough shoots and kills Cornelia and Blue Eyes, having intended to kill Caesar. Caesar finds his family dead and leaps after McCullough as he gets away through the waterfall. McCullough then severs the rope and lets Caesar fall. Caesar returns to his base and has the other apes search for Cornelius. Thankfully, Caesar finds him safe. He places his son in Lake's care as he heads off to find McCullough while the rest of the apes head toward the desert in search of their new home. Caesar is followed by orangutan Maurice (Karin Konoval), chimp Rocket (Terry Notary), and gorilla Luca (Michael Adamthwaite). Caesar refuses to allow them to join him, but they insist as they want to protect their leader. The apes continue heading forward. They encounter a lone man who attempts to shoot them, but Caesar kills him first. They enter his home and find a little girl - later named Nova - (Amiah Miller) lying in bed. Although she appears frightened, Maurice gently hands her a doll. Nova tries to speak but is unable to. The apes proceed to continue their journey, but Nova steps out and sees the dead man (he was possibly her father). Despite Caesar saying they cannot take her, Maurice says he cannot leave her there either. The four apes come across a military camp. They find Winter, who has defected to the humans' side after Red promised he would be spared if Winter let him go, which lead Red to tell McCullough where to find the apes. Caesar interrogates Winter and learns that McCullough and his army are talking about heading toward a border. The apes then see that the humans are close. Caesar puts his hand over Winter's mouth to keep him quiet, and he ends up leaving him unconscious. At night, Caesar has a nightmare about Koba, who appears bloody and more scarred than before. He repeats to Caesar his final words - "Ape not kill ape." The apes and Nova pass through the snowy mountains. They find the bodies of three soldiers shot in the snow. One of them is still alive but is slowly dying. Caesar asks him why he was shot, but the soldier cannot speak just like Nova. Maurice points out that the man will die of his wounds, so Caesar puts him out of his misery. As the apes are looking around the area, a small creature in a jacket steals a rifle and one of the horses. The apes chase after the creature until they corner it in an abandoned building. It is a small ape, known as Bad Ape (Steve Zahn). He offers his jacket to Nova, seeing that she is cold. Bad Ape is capable of speech like Caesar. He tells Caesar that he lived in a zoo before the Simian Flu struck, and he got his name from what the humans always yelled at him. Bad Ape gives the group food that is labeled "California Border". Caesar asks where the food came from, and Bad Ape says it came from a "human zoo" (quarantine camp). Once the apes reach the military camp, they are attacked by a soldier. Luca kills the solider but is also mortally wounded in the process. Luca tells Caesar that at least he was able to protect him this time. Even Nova cries for Luca as he had shown her kindness before. Caesar tells the others that this is why he wanted to come alone. Maurice tells Caesar that his hatred for the Colonel is making him like Koba. Caesar heads toward the camp at night by himself, only to find two captured apes hung up on a mountain overlooking the camp. One ape tells Caesar that the ape clan has been captured and are being forced to work. Red then appears behind Caesar and knocks him out with the butt of his rifle. Caesar wakes up to find himself face-to-face with McCullough. Caesar tells him he came for him after he killed Caesar's family. McCullough gives an insincere apology and says he meant to kill Caesar. Caesar is put to work with the rest of his captured apes. He sees Lake and Cornelius in a separate cage, with the little ape helplessly calling out for his father. The apes are then forced to work to build a wall, despite being starved and dehydrated. One ape is then whipped by Red, with Caesar yelling at him to stop. Caesar is whipped in his place. McCullough demands that Caesar tell the apes to continue working even as Caesar pleads for him to give them food and water. McCullough kills one ape and prepares to kill more, but Lake and the other apes continue to work for Caesar's sake. Red and a soldier called Preacher (Gabriel Chavarria) escort Caesar to McCullough's office in chains. Caesar once again tells the Colonel to give the apes food and water. He tells McCullough that he has no mercy. The Colonel verbally hits back that Caesar had shown up with the intention to kill him, but Caesar responds that he did show mercy by sparing his soldiers. McCullough then tells Caesar about his son, who was a soldier in his army until he was affected by the Simian Flu and began to lose his voice, along with other soldiers. McCullough killed his son and those soldiers as he knew they were regressing into a primitive state. He then explains that the wall is meant for another military force that is coming for him to put an end to his radicalized faction. The captured apes are finally given food and water, except for Caesar. He has another hallucination of Koba, who tells Caesar to join him. Meanwhile in the distance, Maurice, Rocket, Bad Ape, and Nova are seeing what's going on in the camp. Nova walks into the camp and approaches Caesar's cage. She gives him food and water, as well as the doll that Maurice gave her. The soldiers are approaching, and, fearing that they will kill Nova, Rocket steps in as a distraction to allow her to get away. The soldiers capture Rocket and McCullough picks up Nova's doll, which is now stained with blood. Maurice and Bad Ape find a way to sneak into the camp via an underground tunnel. They proceed to dig through but stop when they hit a water source, fearing it will flood the tunnel. They manage to seal off that part to prevent the flooding. Caesar and Rocket work together to find a way to make it to the other cage to save the ape children while Maurice and Bad Ape dig their way to the camp. Rocket creates a diversion by flinging poo at one of the guards before Bad Ape pulls him underground. The apes get the children out and make it through the tunnel to get away from the camp. Caesar embraces Cornelius upon seeing him again. Before leaving, Caesar admits to Rocket that he is like Koba because he cannot let go of his hatred for the Colonel. He heads back to McCullough's office to finish his mission. Soon, the rival military force begins attacking the camp, launching rockets at the soldiers while they fire back. Caesar makes it to McCullough's office and finds him drunk. He tries to speak but he has lost his voice too. Caesar grabs a gun, and the Colonel takes Caesar's hand to hold it to his head, ready for Caesar to pull the trigger. However, Caesar cannot bring himself to do so. McCullough grabs the gun and shoots himself in the head. In the midst of the chaos, the other apes have gotten away while Caesar tries to rejoin them. He grabs a grenade belt and tries to throw one at a leaking fuel tank, but he is shot with an arrow by Preacher. Red sees this as one of the soldiers is demanding a grenade launcher from him. Red turns on the humans and fires a grenade at Preacher before he finishes Caesar. Red is then shot dead after redeeming himself. Caesar grabs the grenade and finishes the job, destroying the tank and blowing up the whole facility as he gets away through the tunnel. Caesar reaches the apes as the other militants cheer the fall of Alpha-Omega's camp. Some soldiers spot Caesar and are prepared to shoot him until an avalanche starts coming down. Caesar and the others apes (plus Nova on Maurice's back) climb up the trees to safety while the avalanche wipes out all the remaining soldiers. The apes and Nova then continue on their journey to a new home until they finally reach a new land that the apes are happy with. Caesar and Maurice watch as the apes are celebrating their freedom, but Maurice notices Caesar's arrow wound. Knowing that he is going to die, Caesar asks Maurice to make sure Cornelius is protected. Maurice assures him that his son will know who he was and what he did for his family. With that, Caesar passes away in peace. 
 Sahara (2005)431) Master explorer Dirk Pitt goes on the adventure of a lifetime of seeking out a lost Civil War battleship known as the "Ship of Death" in the deserts of West Africa while helping a WHO doctor being hounded by a ruthless dictator. Retired US admiral Sandecker's foundation finances various projects worldwide, including high tech marine salvage by brilliant Dirk Pitt's US Navy Seal veterans team including buddy Al Giordino, which dreams of finding the mysteriously missing Confederal gold aboard the ironclad battleship 'of Death'. Pitts bumps into evidence for his theory it crossed the Atlantic up the river Niger, where the admiral has an environmental project. Alas, it's a West African dictatorship where the ruthless president suppresses the desert people, in league with billionaire French energy industrialist Yves Massarde. Saving reckless WHO epidemics researcher Dr. Eva Rojas, he learns the secret abducted tribal slaves-run waste plant's toxic output threatens, through an underground fluvial system, to pollute the ocean and hence cause a global killer epidemic. KGF Vissers In search of a lost Civil War ironclad battleship known as the "Ship of Death", the larger-than-life hero and former U.S. Navy Seal, Dirk Pitt, embarks on the adventure of a lifetime in the unforgiving deserts of West Africa. Along with his sidekick, Al Giordino, the intrepid duo crosses paths with the brilliant World Health Organisation doctor, Eva Rojas, who investigates a disease that is killing thousands of West Africans, threatening to extinguish all life in the world's seas. Racing to save the world from environmental catastrophe, in the hunt for a ship that no one else thinks exists, Dirk, Al, and Eva must rely on their wits to outsmart a bloodthirsty tyrant and survive the blazing, shifting sands of the Sahara Desert. But, in a battle the world cannot afford to lose, can they get to the bottom of both mysteries, and live to tell the tale? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a prologue set in Richmond, Virginia in 1865, showing the ironclad CSS Texas, carrying the last of the Confederacy's treasury, as Captain Adrian Tombs ( Robert Cavanah ) tries to run a Union blockade. The film then moves to the present day, circa 1990s, where World Health Organization doctors Eva Rojas ( Penlope Cruz ) and Frank Hopper ( Glynn Turman ) are investigating a disease that is spreading across Mali, Africa. Assassins attempt to murder Eva, but she is rescued by Dirk Pitt ( Matthew McConaughey ), from National Underwater and Marine Agency, who was working nearby. Dirk gets a call from a dealer in Nigeria. He sells Dirk a gold Confederate States of America coin, one of supposedly only five in existence, which was found in the Niger River. Dirk believes that this is a clue to the long-lost Texas. He convinces his boss, James Sandecker ( William H. Macy ), to let him, Al Giordino ( Steve Zahn ), and Rudi Gunn ( Rainn Wilson ), from NUMA, go to Mali to search. They give Eva and Hopper a ride, so that they can continue their investigation for the WHO. Businessman Yves Massarde ( Lambert Wilson ) and dictator General Kazim ( Lennie James ), who controls half of civil war-torn Mali, try to stop the doctors from discovering the source of the "plague". Kazim sends men to kill them and the NUMA team, not realizing their CIA and Navy background. Dirk, Al and Rudi survive the attack. Rudi tries to get out of the country to get help while Dirk and Al go to rescue the doctors. They save Eva, and then the three try to get across the border, but are captured by the Tuareg, who are fighting the civil war. The Tuareg's leader, Madibo, shows Eva his people, who are dying. After taking samples, Eva finds that the water is contaminated. By accident, Al stumbles into a cave with a painting showing the ironclad Texas. Dirk believes that the Texas became stranded when the river water dried up after a storm and that the same river that carried the Texas now runs underground, spreading the contamination. They start to follow the dry river bed and work their way to the border. Dirk still hopes to find the ironclad along the way. Their plans are interrupted when they stumble upon the solar detoxification plant owned by Massarde, and realize that it is the source of the contamination. Rudi and Sandecker analyze their samples and find that the contamination is heading down the Niger River to the ocean, but they can't get any government help to intervene during a civil war in a sovereign country. Massarde captures Dirk and the others. He keeps Eva but sends Dirk and Al to Kazim. They escape and contact Sandecker, who warns them that Kazim and his troops are after them. Dirk and Al enlist Madibos aid to return to the plant and rescue Eva. He helps them infiltrate the plant and rescue his people who are working there as slaves. Rather than risk discovery, Massarde plans to destroy the plant, making it almost impossible to stop the contamination. Al goes to defuse the bombs while Dirk tries to head off Massarde and save Eva. Massarde escapes. Dirk, Eva and Al get away from the plant, but are strafed by Kazim in a helicopter gunship. A series of explosions along the dry river bed reveals the Texas, right where the cave painting showed it to be. They take cover inside but Kazim's ammunition is too much for the old ironclad's armor. They manage to fight back with the old cannon and destroy Kazim's gunship, just as Madibo arrives with Tuareg reinforcements. In the end the contamination is dealt with, and Sandecker is offered a deal to do some covert work, while the government serendipitously funds NUMA, which he accepts, tentatively. Massarde, busy eating with a businessman, does not notice that the waiter who serves him water (which he drinks) served only him and disappeared with the rest of the bottle. The Texas gold, which belongs to the CSA - Confederate States of America, is left with Madibos people. Later, while Al, Rudi and Sandecker are busy, Dirk and Eva are at the beach at her house on the bay in Monterey. 
 Rescue Dawn (2006)321) A U.S. fighter pilot's epic struggle of survival after being shot down on a mission over Laos during the Vietnam War. In 1965, while bombing Laos in a classified mission, the propeller plane of the German-American US Navy pilot Dieter Dengler is hit and crashes in the jungle. Dieter is arrested by the peasants, tortured by the Vietcong and sent to a prisoner camp, where he meets five other mentally deranged prisoners and guards. He becomes close to Duane and organizes an escape plan; however, the unstable Gene opposes to Dieter's plan. When they discover that there is no more food due to the constant American bombings in the area and their guards intend to kill them, Dieter sets his plan in motion. However, an unexpected betrayal splits the group and Dieter and Duane find that the jungle is their actual prison. PHD, in CT USA Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An account of the true story of personal bravery and comradeship in the early days of the Vietnam War; the story follows the experiences of Lt. Dieter Dengler whose Navy propeller plane is shot down in 1965 over Laos and taken prisoner by Pathet Lao (with Vietcong irregulars.) In a story that should not be classified as either pro or anti war, it explores the psychological tragedies of war for all involved, and specifically the torturous personal trials of combatants in this disastrous event. The characters efforts at escape into the countryside while debating the personal consequences make this film a more realistic example of personalities and conflicts among prisoners pushed to their mental limits. The lush jungle contrasted against the raw human struggles of both sides make this a good yet simple portrayal of the early days of the Vietnam heartbreak. (SPOILER) The story of Dengler's rescue does show the inept and stupid bureaucratic incompetence that makes this story just a small part of a this historic American tragedy. 