nm0000725:

 Big Daddy (1999)66) A lazy law school grad adopts a kid to impress his girlfriend, but everything doesn't go as planned and he becomes the unlikely foster father. Sonny Koufax is 32 years old. He's a law school graduate. He's got a nice apartment in Manhattan. There's just one problem. He does nothing, except sit on his butt and live off an investment that was the result of a meager lawsuit he won a year ago. But after his fed up girlfriend leaves him, he comes up with the ingenious idea to adopt a five year old boy to showcase his newfound maturity. But things don't go as planned, and Sonny finds himself the unlikely foster father that will change his perspective on just looking out for himself. MonkeyKingMA Thirty-two-year-old Sonny Koufax has spent his whole life avoiding responsibility. But when his girlfriend dumps him for an older man, he's got to find a way to prove he's ready to grow up. In a desperate last ditch effort, Sonny adopts five-year-old Julian to impress her. Luke Smith Adam Sandler stars in this comedy about the importance of fathers. When his friend Kevin is on a business trip in China, Sonny discovers that Kevin has a son. In an attempt to help, Sonny offers to take care of the child, while thinking it will help his relationship. In the process, he grows to love the child and tries to get custody. Dustin Burns Sonny Koufax graduated from law school years ago but chose not to take the bar exam. Instead he works as a toll booth collector, and spends his day loafing around. One day his grilfriend decides that she has had enough, and tells Sonny that things have to change or else it's over. When Sonny's roommate Kevin leaves for China, a boy is dropped at their place and is told that he is Kevin's son but Kevin doesn't know his mother. Sonny takes care of him, and after spending sometime with him decides to adopt hoping that maybe his girlfriend will be impressed. But when he learns that she has a new boyfriend, Sonny tries to have the boy sent back to his mother but when he learns that she died and that he would be sent to an orphanage, Sonny decides to take care of him. rcs0411@yahoo.com After failing at a last minute ploy to save his relationship with his fed up girlfriend, a man ends up taking care of a 5 year old boy who is his best friend's son. His best friend is out on a business trip and the man ends up developing a relationship with the boy. Soon after, he learns what responsibility is about. Mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chasing Amy (1997)541) Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything's going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's a lesbian. A pair of comic book authors named Holden McNeil and Banky Edwards, who live in New Jersey, have been best friends for 20 years. They spend their time working in their studio, and in the evenings they are going out. But their friendship is about to be disputed for the first time in their life, when a beautiful young lesbian woman named Alyssa Jones enters their life and Holden falls in love with her. Now Holden has to deal with Banky's jealousy, and with his new girlfriend's very rich past. rsilberman Holden and Banky are two average guys who just need someone to bring out their hidden secrets. Enter Alyssa Jones and Hooper LaMont, two homosexuals who are slightly more experienced than the former two. Together, Hooper and Alyssa show Holden and Banky that being gay isn't as bad as they might think. Meanwhile, Holden develops an 'untainted' love for Alyssa, one which she finally sees in him as well, taking Holden on a journey through the complexities of love in the 90s. Simon Friend Holden and Banky are best friends and authors of a popular comic book called "Bluntman and Chronic". Holden falls in love with Alyssa, also a comic book artist, who happens to be a lesbian. Holden's new relationship with Alyssa strains his life-long friendship with Banky, and soon the relationship between Holden and Alyssa hits a wall due to Holden not being able to deal with her past. Oliver Yun Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Holden McNeil (Ben Affleck) and Banky Edwards (Jason Lee) are comic book artists and lifelong friends. Holden is the calmer, more reasonable of the duo; Banky, meanwhile, is the caustic and short-tempered half. The story opens at a comic book convention in New York City where the two are promoting their latest comic series 'Bluntman and Chronic'. After Holden breaks up a fight between Banky and an antagonistic fan, they attend a panel discussion where they meet Alyssa Jones (Joey Lauren Adams). She is a struggling comic book writer whom is friends with the African-American comic book writer and activist Hooper (Dwight Ewell) who puts on this militant image to hide his flamboyantly gay personality. That evening, the four go out for drinks together at a local bar where Holden is attracted to Alyssa based on their conversation during a dart game. Through Hooper she invites Holden to a get together at a bar she frequents. Banks comes along and while there Alyssa is asked to sing a song. During the song Banky notices that they are in a female gay bar and that Alyssa is singing the love song to a woman in the audience and not to Holden who thinks the song is for him. The four of them end up at a booth and Alyssa and Banky have an involved conversation about sex with women while Holden broods, visibly upset about Alyssa being a lesbian. However, they have discovered they are both from the same area of New Jersey and the two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship develops. During their discussions it is clear that Holden has a very narrow heterosexual view on male female relationships and sex in general. The new friendship does not sit well with the homophobic Banky, who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered by the relationship that develops between her and Holden. Holden and Banky's business relationship suffers as well -- the two had been on the verge of signing a lucrative deal to turn Bluntman and Chronic into television show and Banky feels that Holden is no longer taking their combined efforts or the TV show seriously. Eventually, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry with him and walks away. Holden follows her and they have a heated discussion about their relationship and she walks away again. Holden is confused and while returning to his vehicle Alyssa runs up, they embrace and that night the two begin a romantic relationship. Banky walks in the next morning and finds them together sleeping on his couch in the studio. This new development worsens the tension between Holden and Banky who distrusts Alyssa and that his friend is going to be hurt when the relationship fails. Banky runs across an old friend who grew up with Alyssa who tells him a sexual adventure story from Alyssa's past. Banky reports to Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high school, which earned her the nickname "Finger Cuffs" for getting it from both ends. Holden is deeply disturbed by this revelation, having believed based on their conversations about love and sex that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with. Holden asks advice from Hooper who tells him that if he wants his relationship with Alyssa to work, he must be honest and truthful and ask Alyssa about her past. Hooper also tells Holden he believes the issue with Banky is that Banky is jealous and in love with him and that his macho sexual banter is a disguise for his true feelings. The following evening, Holden confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game and he clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing, which she eventually does, prompting her to storm out of the arena. During a tearful argument in the parking lot, she tells Holden about her youthful sexual experimentation involving men. She apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with but justifies it by saying she could see that he took pleasure in the thought. However, she refuses to apologize for her past and Holden leaves feeling angry and confused. Later, during lunch at a local diner with the local stoners and drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith), who were the inspiration for the Bluntman and Chronic comic book characters, Holden gives them their monthly residual pay for sales of the comic book. Here he confides in them about his troubled feelings and relationship with Alyssa. Speaking more than one line for the first time, Silent Bob mentions chasing Amy and reveals that he was once in a relationship "a couple of years ago" which was similar to Holden's. Despite the fact that he was in love with his girlfriend, Amy, his insecurities about her adventurous sexual past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her. Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day since then chasing Amy". Inspired by Silent Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend. He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him... kissing him passionately to prove the point. Holden suggests that the three of them should have sex with each other in a threesome so he will no longer be envious of Alyssa's broader experiences and it will resolve Banky's issues with them as a couple. Banky reluctantly agrees to participate. Alyssa is appalled and refuses, at which Banky expresses his relief. Alyssa tries to explain to Holden why his plan is so wrong. Before leaving, she states that she will always love him but her past is in the past and she will not be his whore and slaps him across his face. Banky then leaves without saying a word. One year later, the story has Banky busy promoting his own new comic book at a convention in New York. It is revealed that Holden has dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky (which is corroborated in the beginning of 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back'). Banky looks over and sees Holden at a distance, who silently congratulates him for his success on the new book. Banky gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa who is promoting her own comic, and provides wordless encouragement with a hand gesture implying a coming together to Holden to go talk to her. Holden has a brief poignant conversation with Alyssa, and gives her a copy of 'Chasing Amy', his new comic based on their failed relationship. Holden asks her to contact him. After Holden leaves, Alyssa's girlfriend (Virginia Smith) comes back to the booth and asks who that was. Alyssa feigns indifference,casually tosses his comic on the floor behind her and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew." She then turns to sign the next fan's material. 
 Dazed and Confused (1993)651) The adventures of high school and junior high students on the last day of school in May 1976. It's the last day of school at a high school in a small town in Texas in 1976. The upperclassmen are hazing the incoming freshmen, and everyone is trying to get stoned, drunk, or laid, even the football players that signed a pledge not to. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> The end of the 1976 school year in a Texan small town is cause for celebration of the summer break. But first the Seniors are excited to chase the newbies, whom they may submit to merciless hazing, which for boys takes the stern-scorching form of no-nonsense spankings. However futile, attempts to escape are made, yet pointless for the members of the baseball team, which has to play that evening, before the partying, when alcohol is to anesthetize their seat-sting. Mitch Kramer (Wiley Wiggins) becomes the prime prey after his stupid sister actually asks the boys to go easy on him, which only senior quarterback Randall "Pink" Floyd (Jason London) does, while senior year-repeater Fred O'Bannion (Ben Affleck) adds frustration to his reputed zeal for spanking sorely sorry. KGF Vissers It's May 28, 1976, the last day of the academic year at Lee High School. Many of the kids are skipping classes, smoking weed, and thinking about the big keg party for the senior students at Kevin Pickford's (Shawn Andrews') house tonight, as his unwitting parents are going to be away for the evening. High on the mind of star football quarterback Randall "Pink" Floyd (Jason London) is the pledge the coach wants all the returning players to sign vowing that they won't do drugs or drink during the summer break so as not to jeopardize their upcoming supposed championship season. Pink is the only player who has not yet signed, he who is contemplating not if only because he feels it would impinge upon his individual rights. Today is also the traditional hazing day, where seniors traumatize the freshmen. Amongst all the freshmen, Mitch Kramer (Wiley Wiggins) is the biggest target if only because of a not so innocent request by his popular upperclassman sister, Jodi Kramer (Michelle Burke), to her male classmates. These thoughts and activities continue as day turns into night and as the keg party doesn't end up quite as planned, although the perspective may change as the activities progress. Huggo In a small Texas enclave, highlights the rites of passage on the last day of school in 1976 for the new, incoming freshmen at the hands of the class of 1977 at Robert E. Lee High School. Freshman boys are physically punished, while the girls largely face the brunt of verbal abuse and humiliation. Two main figures emerge. Incoming freshman Mitch Kramer (Wiley Wiggins) comes to a new realization in his role as a major target of senior hazing. And, amongst the seniors is Randall "Pink" Floyd (Jason London), the school's star quarterback, who moves with facile grace amongst groups of greasers, nerds, stoners, and athletes alike. Rick Gregory <rag.apa@email.apa.org> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in May of 1976 on the last day of school at Lee High School somewhere in Texas. The junior class is looking forward to the summer season and also eager to become senior students in the Fall. Though the story doesn't have a central plot, it follows one day in the lives of several students and the trials and tribulation they go through making the transition from one grade to the next. Randall "Pink" Floyd is a quarterback for the school football team. Randall is a sort of bridge between the cool kids like his teammates and their girlfriends and the more average students whom he also hangs out with. Arriving for the last day he meets with his friend Don who reminds him they have to take a brief trip over to the junior high school to torment the 8th graders who will move up to their freshman year. A longstanding tradition has the newly-minted seniors chasing and torturing the new freshmen boys with paddles they've made themselves in wood shop. Don also hands Pink a slip of paper from their coach that every player is now required to sign: the document declares that no team player will do any drugs or drink alcohol. Though his teammates have signed with the intention of ignoring the new pledge anyway, Pink refuses, believing it to be another oppressive form of control. Pink is also harassed by his coach because he hangs out with friends who belong to the school's stoner crowd. Pink, Don, Benny and Melvin all pile into Benny's pickup and drive to the junior high. Also joining them is O'Bannion, a senior who flunked out and is returning. Benny announces to the students in the junior high over his CB radio that they'll be gunning for all the new freshmen. If the kids voluntarily give themselves up right after school, they'll only be paddled a single time. If they run, then it's open season all summer. Right before they left, Jodi, older sister to Mitch, had asked the guys to go easy on Mitch, which Benny immediately dismisses. Mitch is directly named by Benny and his friends tell him to take off in a different direction to take the heat off themselves. As school finishes up, Mitch asks his teacher, on behalf of his friends Carl, Tommy and Hirschfelder, if he'll let them go early to avoid the seniors gunning for them. Their teacher gives them a speech telling them to man up because he had to while a soldier in Vietnam. When the boys try to sneak out, they bolt for the car that Hirschfelder has procured for them from his brother and race off with Benny and O'Bannion in hot pursuit. Carl and Mitch are dropped off at Carl's parents' house. O'Bannion grabs them both and is about to paddle them when Carl's mother bursts out the front door pointing a shotgun. O'Bannion retreats, yelling he'll get them later. The freshmen girls also receive their own vicious hazing from the senior women. They're forced to put infant pacifiers in their mouths, conduct air raid drills (they have to fall on the ground quickly or be forced to repeat the action), are covered in ketchup, mustard and flour and ask the senior men present humiliating questions. They're later taken in the back of a pickup to a local car wash and go through the cleaning cycle. After they're dropped off at home, one of their number, Sabrina, is asked by Jodi to come hang out with them that night. Sabrina agrees. At Kevin Pickford's house, his girlfriend Michelle, Pink and their friend Slater hang out and smoke weed. Pickford's parents suddenly inform him that a guy delivering kegs of beer is out in front of the house. Pickford had been planning a large keg party while his parents would be out of town on vacation. He's able to talk the delivery guy into leaving but his parents tell him their vacation is cancelled. The group will have to come up with a new plan to throw a party. That night Mitch has to pitch for his local little-league baseball team, with Benny, Melvin, O'Bannion and Pink watching and taunting him from the stands. Stalling on the mound doesn't work very well and Mitch throws his final strike to give his team the game. As he walks out the gate in right field, the guys are waiting for him. He's given a vicious beating while bent over the hood of a car. Pink happens by and makes like he'll get his licks in but he spares Mitch, even offering him a ride home. He relates his own story from three years ago when he got the same treatment. However, he invites Mitch to hang out with him that night, advising him that if he shows up it'll show the seniors that the beating really doesn't bother him that much. Pink also tells him to sit on some ice for a couple of hours to ease the pain. Pink arrives at Mitch's house later in a 1970 Chevy Chevelle driven by a friend, Wooderson, a former student at the school who dropped out and works for the city. They drive to their local hangout, a pool hall called The Emporium. Though most people at first seem a bit suspicious of Mitch, he's eventually accepted. He goes out on a run with Pink, Don and their friend Pickford. Cruising at high speed, they destroy a few mailboxes with stolen trash cans and encourage Mitch to throw a bowling ball through the back window of a parked car. The brazen act seems to up Mitch's points with the guys. When they return to the Emporium, Melvin gives Mitch some money to go out and buy him a six-pack. Mitch is able to bluff the clerk at the store and returns triumphantly with the beer. Wooderson spreads the word that there'll be a keg party at a place called the Moon Tower in a few hours. Meanwhile, Sabrina drives around with some the senior girls. They eventually bring her to the Emporium where Mitch catches up with her. She tells him that his friend Hirschfelder got caught by Don, Benny & O'Bannion and was mercilessly paddled. Mitch comes up with a plan: he gathers his friends and has them help him lure O'Bannion outside when the word is spread that Carl has been captured and awaits a paddling. O'Bannion stakes is claim and is ready to beat Carl mainly for the shotgun the boy's mother pulled on him when he's hit by paint thrown on him by Carl's friends. Humiliated, O'Bannion leaves the scene while his friends smirk, roaring out in his Duster. Some of Pink's other friends, Mike, Tony and Cynthia ride around in Cynthia's car, discussing what their futures might hold for them. Mike had wanted to be a lawyer and work for the ACLU but has second thoughts and nervously admits he'd like to be a dancer. Mike is nervous about going to Pickford's party but they all retreat when they get to the house and his father answers the door. At the Moon Tower, the party goes into full swing and everyone becomes pleasantly drunk. Benny confronts Pink about his refusal to sign the coach's loyalty agreement. Benny thinks Pink is only thinking of himself and doesn't care about the team. Pink explains that he'll play for the team but not under oppressive rules. One of the drunken senior women, Darla, tries to get Sabrina, who has been hanging out with Tony, to perform an air raid. Sabrina, having already gone through the afternoon's humiliation, is told by Tony she doesn't have to do anything Darla says. Mitch climbs the tower with some of the guys, who tell him that other freshmen have gotten drunk and fallen off the tower. Slater, an eternal stoner, pontificates on the possibility that George Washington may have grown massive fields of marijuana as a cash crop for the Southern states - in truth, Washington grew fields of hemp both for rope-making and the oil. Mike walks past a group of guys led by Clint, while he works on his Pontiac Firebird. Mike remarks that he can smell the weed their smoking and Clint takes offense. Mike is shaken by the threat and later, while he's semi-drunk, takes a cheap shot at Clint, knocking him down. Clint retaliates and pins Mike to the ground, hitting him a few times until Pink and Wooderson break it up. Mike runs off with Cynthia, who drives them to a remote spot and takes care of him. The two of them make out. Mitch leaves the party with a sophomore girl and ends up lying out on a blanket under the stars making out. When he arrives home at dawn, his mother catches him. She tells him he gets one "get out of jail free card" but will be in trouble the next time he comes home at dawn. Pink, Wooderson, Slater and Don join Simone and Shavonne at the 50 yard line of the school's football field to smoke a joint and wait out the rest of the night. While there, Don talks about how it's important to have a reputation and enjoy life before graduating. Wooderson come back from retrieving some rolling papers from Pink's car with the coach's document. Pink finalizes his refusal to sign it. Just then, a police car shines its spotlight on them and they're ordered to get off the field. Pinks coach shows up at dawn and admonishes Pink for not signing the document and for hanging out with the stoner crowd. Pink stands up to his coach and tells him he'll play for the team but won't sign the paper. The coach leaves in a huff. The gang go with Wooderson to Houston to buy tickets for the big Aerosmith concert that's coming up. They drive down the highway while "Slow Ride" by Foghat plays. 
 Animal (I) (2014)541) When plans for a weekend vacation hit a dead end, a group of close-knit friends find themselves stranded in unfamiliar territory, pursued by a menacing, blood thirsty predator. When plans for a weekend vacation hit a dead end, a group of close-knit friends find themselves stranded in unfamiliar territory, pursued by a menacing, blood thirsty predator. Holed up in an isolated cabin, tensions mount as long-buried secrets are revealed. As the body count rises, the group must put their differences aside and fight for survival. Chiller Five friends travel to the woods for hiking. They find the entrance closed but they trespass the gate. Soon they stumble with a predator and they run to an isolated cabin, where they meet survivors from another group. Along the hours, they have friction with the nasty Douglas, while the creature hunts them down. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jeff and step-sister Alissa take their study buddies Matt, Sean and Mandy along on a weekend hike to the woods of their home town, which are scheduled to fall prey to development. Bickering over he route and program costs so much time they can't get back to the car before sunset. Worse, wandering by flashlight the stumble upon a werewolf-like predator. Overconfident hero Jeff falls victim to its blood-lust while he diverts it so the rest can make it to the only cabin home in the woods. There they are welcomed by Carl, his wife Vicky and grumpy Douglas, three adults who got stuck their 'under monster siege' and duly doubt the use of Sean's efforts to call for help before his cellphone battery died. While anxiously fighting off the monster's attacks on weak points in the cabin, disagreement on what to do gets ever more bitter. Matt volunteers to make a run for it so seek help while the others distract him, only to be dragged into the basement as the monster's next kill. Now the strife is whether to leave no one behind or as Douglas champions to sacrifice the weakest to give the others a fighting chance. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with four people running from an unseen creature. One of them (Eve) is caught and mauled to death, much to her husband's horror. They race off as the creature begins to consume her. Some time later, a group of five friends, consisting of Jeff (Parker Young), his step-sister Alissa (Keke Palmer), her best friend and Jeff's girlfriend Mandy (Elizabeth Gillies), Alissa's boyfriend Matt (Jeremy Sumpter), and Jeff's friend Sean (Paul Iacono), enter the woods for a camping trip, only to find the trail blocked off for forest rejuvenation. Undeterred, they park their car and go hiking. Matt finds a Marine's discarded backpack. Later that night, while the others discuss which way to go, Mandy walks off the trail to see bits of human remains and screams. The others rush to her side and upon discovering what she saw, decide to call the rangers once they get back to the car. On the way there they discover an mutant creature feeding on a upon something unseen. They attempt to go around it at first but it hears them and looks towards them. Jeff tries to scare it off only for it to become aggressive and chase them down. While hiding out they find the abandoned house from earlier in the movie. Jeff decides to distract the creature while the others run to the house. Unfortunately, he did not know that it was behind him and it attacks and kills him as the others run to the house, horrified at Jeff's demise, and plead to be let in. One of the men inside the house opens the entry way and lets them in. As they run in, the creature grabs Mandy and begins to pull her back while a woman lights something on fire and throws it at the creature. It lets go and they pull Mandy inside the house and the woman tends to her wounds. They meet the three survivors from earlier, Carl (Thorsten Kaye), his wife Vicky (Joey Lauren Adams), and Douglas (Amaury Nolasco), who have been hiding from the monster inside the house and barricaded every door and window. They explain that the house was abandoned when they got there but they did not put up all the barricades. The group decides to help them barricade the house some more and strengthen the weak spots as the creature apparently tests for weak spots and seems to know something about the house as it earlier at an unseen point broke in through the cellar. Douglas refuses to help and remains upstairs. Alissa attempts to rationalize this in the kitchen while Matt tells her she's over thinking this and that it is just an animal. The creature attempts to break in through the kitchen window and Carl and Sean rush in and helps them barricade the window with a door. The creature then begins to test for weak spots and crashes in upstairs. While Douglas comes downstairs because of this, Carl, Sean, and Matt go upstairs to find it while Vicky goes to get fire. The group upstairs discovers creature in a room and try to close the door while the creature tries to break it down. Downstairs, the stick won't light and Mandy and Alissa rush upstairs to help and struggle to put drag a dresser in front of the door. The creature breaks a spot in the door open as Sean rushes downstairs. The girls continue to struggle as Sean then returns with Bear Replant from earlier in the movie and sprays the creature in the face. It seems to work as the creature runs off and Douglas finally helps and helps put the dresser in front of the door and says it won't hold and that they need to get out of there. Downstairs, they gather and while Sean remains hopeful that the help he contacted earlier will come, Douglas denies it saying he already tried earlier and no one has come. He says they need to sacrifice someone to get out and Carl disagrees refusing to kill anyone. Matt agrees with both and decides to go for help while Carl and Sean distract the monster while the four groups stay in contact with walkie-talkies, but it catches on and attacks Matt who warns them the creature is coming. Carl and Sean attempt to get back into the house but Douglas refuses them entry saying that they all heard Matt say the creature was coming. Vicky attempts to let them in but is knocked out by Douglas and Alissa contacts Carl and Sean, telling them to go to the kitchen door. The creature approaches and still Carl has not responded. The creature comes onto the porch just as Carl responds and sees that the flare and walkie it followed was abandoned by Carl and Sean who are now inside the house through the kitchen door. Carl knocks out Douglas. Douglas wakes up tied to the stair well and demands to be let go. Alissa looks around the house as Mandy follows. Alissa says she wants to kill the monster for what it's done and Mandy hugs her sobbing and reveals that she is pregnant and to count her in on whatever she is planning. They go and find Sean who is in hysterics from all the stress and does not want to die with a secret. He reveals that he and Jeff were having an affair. Alissa breaks up the verbal argument that follows and the group hears beeping coming from a walkie in the living room. They find that Matt is paging them and is alive in the cellar. Carl leads Alissa and Mandy down and begins to help get Matt out of the cellar upon his discovery with Mandy's assistance. The creature is shown to be waiting and Carl sacrifices himself to give the others time to get Matt out. Alissa attempts to keep Matt alive as the tied up Douglas, Mandy, and Sean look on. Vicky is elsewhere in the house sitting in shock and mourning her dead husband. Matt attempts to tell them something regarding the creature as Alissa continues to try and help him. Douglas tells her Matt is dying but she is adamant he can be saved. He continues to try and convince them that Matt is better off being used as bait for their escape as Vicky returns to the room. He asks for a better plan, expecting none, but Alissa says they know if they open the door the creature will come in and suggests trapping it and burning the house as they escape. Douglas agrees and Sean says they need to act fast for Matt's sake. Douglas says he will help carry Matt as that is Matt's only chance. Alissa signals Sean to untie Douglas and he does. Matt attempts to tell Alissa he loves her but is beaten to death by Douglas while the others look on and scream in horror. He argues with the others saying it was simple and that he did not kill anyone, merely sped up a clock that was already ticking. As Douglas drags off Matt's body while continuing to yell at the others, the creature breaks in through door and Douglas is then attacked as the others watch in horror. While the monster devours Douglas, Alissa grabs matches and a bag and they retreat to the kitchen while Alissa goes to grab the kerosene she saw earlier while Mandy stands watch. They begin to pour kerosene in the kitchen and as they knock something over the creature is finally distracted enough from consuming Douglas' body and goes to investigate. While a small area burns the creature investigates the house, looking for the others. Sean, Mandy, and Vicky have retreated to the cellar after closing it back off and listen to the creature search for them. Alissa closes the creature in a room where she begins to burn it to death. The others start to head out of the cellar from its other entrance as Alissa turns away from the fire. Vicky sees Carl's body and goes to his side and beings talking to him as if still alive as Mandy tells her they need to go. Sean screams for them and screams as he is tossed down, attacked and dragged off as another creature calls out. Mandy pulls Vicky away from Carl and they run off. Mandy escapes outside only to turn around and see Vicky in the doorway begin to bleed from her stomach as she is attacked from behind by the second creature. Mandy looks on and screams as she sees its head as Vicky is dragged away. She runs off to Alissa. They run off as the creature chases them. Mandy falls and as Alissa tells her to get up and that she can, the creature catches up. It attacks Alissa as Mandy screams and looks on in horror. As Alissa finally dies and the creature begins to consume her, Mandy runs. She throws her over shirt to throw her scent and covers herself in dirt to cover the rest of her scent from the creature. She manages to make it to their car and start it as the second creature breaks through the drivers side window, she climbs out the passenger side and runs around to the drivers side as the creature runs around the car to get to her. She reverses as it begins to climb over the car and throws it off. She runs it over twice and the drives away. A third monster steps out of the forest, going to the second creatures side and calls out. 