nm0007874:

 Train Wreck (2008)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stonebrook (1999)Summaries With the help of a friend of the family, 23-year-old Erik (Brad Rowe) gets a scholarship to the Ivy League-type school called Stonebrook. His dorm-mate (Seth Green) is a nerdy hacker named Cornelius. When his scholarship is yanked, the two of them team up to pull increasingly ambitious scams to keep him in tuition money, eventually crossing paths with mob boss Mr. Tali (Stanley Kamel). Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moving Midway (2007)Summaries At Christmas 2003, New York-based film critic Godfrey Cheshire is visiting his family in North Carolina when his cousin Charlie Silver tells him something startling. Charlie inherited Midway Plantation, the ancestral home of his and Cheshire's extended family, and has been its devoted caretaker. But now Charlie and his wife Dena have made a decision: They want to move Midway - the antebellum manor house and several outbuildings - to a new location to escape Raleigh's encroaching sprawl. Can you really transplant a plantation? Will the "place" be the same if it is uprooted from the soil in which it has stood since 1848? Charlie's plan provokes immediate controversy in Cheshire's tradition-minded family. For Cheshire, it brings back memories of the wild, strange and magical place Midway seemed when he was a child, and of the stories he heard there - stories of his mother's family, the Hintons, settling the area in the early 1700s, fighting in the Revolution, being invaded by Yankee troops in the Civil War, and surviving Reconstruction. Yet stories, Cheshire realizes, both convey and conceal. The reality of the Southern plantation was that it depended on the institution of slavery. In Cheshire's family, stories of slaves always depicted them as happy and devoted, which surely disguised a more painful, complex reality. In fact, Midway bred two sets of Hintons, one white, one black. For years, they have rarely encountered each other. But that begins to change as Cheshire sets out to chronicle Charlie's attempt to move Midway. Godfrey Cheshire It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Weekend King (2007)Summaries "Weekend King" is the story of Rupert Coleman, a Silicon Valley computer programmer who made a fortune in the dot com boom. Stuck in an unfulfilling job, Rupert discovers an internet story about a bankrupt town in Utah called New Spring. Rupert sets out to buy the town and contacts New Spring's mayor to offer to purchase the town's property in order that it can pay off its debts. It's an offer the mayor cannot refuse, and Rupert becomes the savior of New Spring and transforms the lives of those living in it. Rupert falls in love with Jesse, a New Spring artist and shop owner. Rupert's love is unrequited until Jesse is led to believe that Rupert is also an artist after finding a sketch that was actually drawn by Rupert's friend and co-worker, Tom. Liz Peterson Rupert, a socially maladjusted Silicon Valley techie, gains status by using his stock earnings to buy a small town in Utah. Managing the town on the weekends, he alters his persona and attracts the quirky local artist by passing his friend's paintings as his own. Then the paintings get discovered by New York, his friend finds out about Rupert's duplicity, and comedy ensues. Simon Belvedere It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 