nm0007632:

 Tramp (1950)Summaries Tired of working in seedy places, a stripper turns to prostitution in the streets. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Camino del infierno (1951)Summaries When a robbery goes wrong, the thief takes a singer as hostage, they fall in love and try to rebuild their lives, but tragedy surges in the most unexpected way. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stronghold (1951)Summaries In 1860s Mexico, the beautiful owner of a silver mine is kidnapped by a bandit leader, who needs money to finance his revolt against the Emperor Maximilian. Mary Stevens, a young American girl, goes to Mexico with her mother, to escape the strife of the Civil War in the United States. Once there, she gets caught up in love and politics as Don Miguel Navarro, a follower of Maximillian, battles Dom Pedro Alvarez, a follower of the exiled Juarez, and vies for her hand. The romance parallels the success of the Juarez movement. Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pablo y Carolina (1957)Summaries Torn between three lovers and bored by her typewriting classes, Carolina (Dillian) writes a passionate love letter to fictional Pablo Garza from Monterrey. The letter is sent by mistake and received by real Pablo Garza's girlfriend. Pablo himself (Infante) flies to Mexico City looking for an explanation. Carolina is rehearsing a musical show for her school dressed as a man. When Pablo meets her, she pretends to be her brother Anibal, a shy and feminine sailor. Pablo likes Anibal and invites "him" to a cabaret. After that, Carolina falls inlove with Pablo but resists to unveil her real self. Meanwhile, Pablo feels himself confused, because young "Anibal" is cute as an angel and has "those blue eyes..." Maximiliano Maza <mmaza@campus.mty.itesm.mx> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 