nm0008831:

 Radicals (2008)Summaries Two best friends lose their jobs due to corporate cutbacks. Forced into a job market of fruitless searches. They're diverted into a couple of radicals. They do what they have to do to survive. They strong arm a few businesses to settle themselves but look for more by kidnapping a white-man and holding him for ransom. Two million dollars in two weeks. The new intelligent criminal has arrived. The one that America fears. Hold on to your seats. Radicals is pure madness. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A State of Mind (1998)Summaries Violence poses a threat to the relationship between three African-American women. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pacific Palisades (1997)Summaries This one-hour serial drama from Aaron Spelling follows the lives of young professionals who have it all, but haven't paid for it yet, on the southern California fast track to fame, fortune, scandal, and ruin. The cast of characters includes Joanna (Michelle Stafford) and Nicholas Hadley (Jarrod Emick), a young married couple who left their native Midwest for the Pacific Coast where Nicholas has landed a job as an architect; Joanna's troubled teenage sister Rachel Whittaker (Natalia Cigliuti); Rachel's friends Ashley MacInally (Jennifer Banko) and Michael Kerris (J. Trevor Edmond), who excel in sneakiness; Robert (Greg Evigan) and Kate Russo (Finola Hughes), whose sterling life is beginning to tarnish; Jessica Mitchell (Jocelyn Seagrave), a rising professional whose choice of men leads to trouble; Matt Dunning (Lucky Vanous), a construction businessman with a dark side; Laura Sinclair (Kimberley Davies), a real estate agent who does whatever it takes to close a deal; Cory Robbins (Dylan Neal), a promising but manipulative plastic surgeon; and beautiful Beth Hooper (Brittney Powell), who rents an apartment from Laura, and is being romanced by Cory. Brendan Hill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Melrose Place (19921999)44) Classic serial drama around a group of friends living in Melrose Place, California. The lives and loves of a group of young adults living in "Melrose Place" in California. Each with their own dreams and drives, the inevitable conflicts, conquests, and consummations ensue. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> This Aaron Spelling series -with characteristic attractive, but not (yet) famous, casting- is set in and named after an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, just affordable -even if some take a roommate- for a number of tweens who hope to start their adult life from there in the huge metropolis. The early tenants include Billy Campbell, an optimistic, pleasant would be-writer, Allison Parker, a neurotic-anal employee who has a love-hate-relationship with him, Matt Fielding, a noble gay social worker, Dr. Michael Mancini who also acts as (unqualified) superintendent, his partner Jane Andrews whose ambition is in fashion, handy-man Jake Hanson -also the artificial link with Spelling hit series Beverly Hills 90210- and photographer Jo Reynolds. At first it focuses on their neighborly and amical/amorous relationships, but as they get started in life their professional lives introduce new story lines, lovers and other characters, some of which become very important and/or move in, such as Michael's hospital rival Peter Burns, Billy and Allison's boss Amanda Woodward, Jane's crazy sister Sidney and many others, so the series evolves from a young soap to a mix of more dramatical stories, including adultery, divorce, even violent crimes. KGF Vissers Set in an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, Melrose Place was originally a spin-off from Beverly Hills 90210, but when its initial formula of looking at the lives of a group of well-meaning, attractive 20-somethings failed to get high ratings, writers introduced conflict in the form of less moral characters (notably Amanda Woodward played by Heather Locklear). Ratings improved, and storylines became more and more outrageous: characters coming back from the dead, multiple personalities, a bomb destroying the apartment complex. By the end of Season 4, story-lines appeared to tend towards being more "grounded", however. Paul Baker <bakerjp@unix.lancs.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 