nm0009484:

 Los parientes pobres (1993)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Triunfo del amor (20102011)Summaries A love story between a young girl wishing to become a professional model and a rich boy who works in a fashion house and falls in love with her. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Embrace Me Tightly (20002001)Summaries Cristina is a wealthy woman who loses her sight and is forced to give up her daughter. She is married to Federico Rivero. Cristina is a beautiful young woman with a powerful father. She falls in love with a simple worker at her hacienda and gets pregnant. Her father does everything he can to separate the lovers and gives the child to Raquel, a maid at the hacienda. Years pass and a blind Cristina is married to a powerful Federico, her daughter Maria del Carmen a beautiful woman. A young doctor by the name of Jose Manuel arrives to town and catches Maria del Carmens attention. But Federico, Jose Manuels uncle, is also infatuated with the young girl and does everything in his power to separate them. Cantu It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Entre el amor y el odio (2002)Summaries A lonely and serious man finds in the death of his uncle, the love of his life and also the hate that may spread in his world. After the death of his uncle Fernando, Octavio, a strong and virile man who lived far away from his family for many years, returns to his native city to attend the funeral. Octavio blames his uncle for the ruin and death of his father, and for separating him from Frida, the woman whom he loved. The life of Ana Cristina is surrounded by a mystery. Adopted by Don Manuel, whom she considers her grandfather, she lived in a small cabin all her life, under the protection of Don Fernando, whom she loves as a father. Ana Cristina and Octavio never met before, now they will meet for the first time. Octavio was told by an evil Marcial that Ana Cristina used to be a lover of Fernando. He starts hating her for that, thinking that she is just an opportunist and doesn't miss a chance to offend her. Ana Cristina also hates him for the rude way he treats her. But deep inside their heart they love each other and realize that. Everything will get even more complicated after the reading of testimony of Fernando and the return of Frida in Octavio's life. Ana Cristina and Octavio will find out that there is a line of forgiveness between love and hatred, and crossing this line means giving life to the heart. PaulRichard It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 