nm0009072:

 Kontroll (2019)Summaries It's Amanda's birthday. She has invited some of her closest friends to a dinner party at her new apartment to celebrate. It's a fun and nice dinner, but everything changes when an uninvited guest unexpectedly shows up. Amanda's celebration of a new beginning soon becomes a painful reminder of a past that refuses to let go. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Macken (1986)Summaries The local authority wants to close down Roy and Roger's gas station and instead build a motorway where it is positioned. Roy and Roger try to stop it, of course. Will they succeed? Will they find the mysteriously lost white Opel? Per Bratt <perbratt@canit.se> Roy and Roger run the local gas station. All sorts of different people come there with their problems concerning cars and other things. A beige customer sneaks around the station all day, without being noticed, a man keeps demanding his white Opel back, since Roy and Roger have lost it and a mysterious blue Volvo 240 turns up every day, without anybody knowing where it comes from. The authorities want to tear down the station and build a freeway instead, but the brothers aren't too keen on the idea, even though Roy is much more opposed to it than Roger. All is mixed with various songs and funny gags. Anders E Lundin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shower Boys (2021)Summaries After a heated training match with the team, twelve-year-old Viggo and Noel go home to challenge each other's limits and masculinity. A sudden stop to an innocent game questions what a male friendship is allowed to be. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moving Forward (2020)Summaries Summer is coming to an end. Tomorrow Misha moves abroad, while Fanny stays in their hometown. Her jealousy and feelings of being left behind are met by Misha's will of making the best out of their last day together. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 