nm0002364:

 Hook (1991)651) When Captain James Hook kidnaps his children, an adult Peter Pan must return to Neverland and reclaim his youthful spirit in order to challenge his old enemy. Peter Pan (Robin Williams) has grown up to be a cut-throat merger and acquisitions lawyer, and is married to Wendy's (Dame Maggie Smith's) granddaughter, Moira (Caroline Goodall). Captain James Hook (Dustin Hoffman) kidnaps his children, Jack (Charlie Korsmo) and Maggie (Amber Scott), and Peter returns to Neverland with Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts). With the help of her and the Lost Boys, he must remember how to be Peter Pan again in order to save his children by battling with Captain Hook once again. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> This is a sequel to Peter Pan. Forty years after Peter's (Robin Williams') last adventure, he leaves Neverland to have a family and work for a lousy annoying company and he forgot his last adventure to Neverland. Not only that, the company makes him miss his son's game and other places where he promises to go. But he does visit London, where an older Wendy (Dame Maggie Smith) now lives. There, he went back to Neverland to save his kids from his nemesis: Captain James Hook (Dustin Hoffman). Peter Pan visits his friend Wendy, but she's grown up. He sees that she has a granddaughter, and he gets taken with her, and he decides to stay. He grows up and takes on the name of Peter Banning (Robin Williams) and becomes a lawyer, marrying Wendy's (Dame Maggie Smith's) granddaughter Moira (Caroline Goodall) and have a son, Jack (Charlie Korsmo), and daughter, Maggie (Amber Scott). He gets so engrossed with his work, that he ignores his son, who starts to resent him. One day, they come home and they find the children gone and scratches all over the house. That's when Wendy tells him he needs to remember who he is, because the children were taken by Captain James Hook (Dustin Hoffman). But Peter doesn't know what she's talking about. Later, what appears to be a firefly shows up, it's Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts) and she tells Peter he needs to come with her to Neverland. The problem is that Peter is afraid to fly. So she knocks him out and takes him to Neverland. When he arrives, he meets the Lost Boys who think he deserted them. He then finally finds his children in the clutches of Captain Hook, who wants to take on Peter Pan, but problem is that Peter is no longer Peter Pan. So he feels there's no point of taking him on. So he sends Peter away. He then decides to make his children like him and it gets to Peter when he sees how his son is taken with Hook. rcs0411@yahoo.com The unimaginable has happened, Peter Pan (Robin Williams) has grown up and has forgotten who he is. He's now a selfish workaholic who largely ignores his children. Now his old adversary, Captain James Hook (Dustin Hoffman), has kidnapped his kids to entice Peter back to Neverland for one final battle. It's now up to his trusty fairy sidekick, Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts) and the Lost Boys to jog his memory and make him remember who he really is. Iantjambo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is the present day, and the boy who was once known as Peter Pan, has become Peter Banning (Robin Williams), a businessman who is more concerned with his work than with his family, including his wife Moira (Caroline Goodall), and his two children, Jack (Charlie Korsmo) and Maggie (Amber Scott). Peter is hardly able to hold his attention during Maggie's recital of 'Peter Pan' (of which she is cast in the role of Wendy), and misses Jack's baseball game, leading to Jack growing irritated at how his Dad never seems to keep his promises. The family then take a flight to London (much to Peter's dismay, as he hates flying), to visit Granny Wendy (Maggie Smith), who is being honored for her charitable work. While Peter and Moira accompany Wendy to the party, Maggie and Jack are abducted. Liza (Laurel Cronin) the housekeeper saw no one, but Tootles (Arthur Malet) who is a former Lost Boy, tells Peter that it was Captain Hook (Dustin Hoffman). The police are called, but even they are unsure of the whole thing, as the ransom note could be someone pretending to be Hook, seeing the history of the house, and of Wendy. Afterwards, Wendy takes Peter aside, and explains that he must remember who he is, in order to save his children. Peter is still confused, thinking Wendy is maybe in shock over what has happened. Later that evening, sitting in the house's nursery, Peter is surprised when a star appears to fall through the nursery window. It turns out it's Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts), who has come to help Peter. However, since Peter won't go willingly, Tink kidnaps him and takes him to Neverland. Peter wakes up in Pirate Town, where he is quickly disguised. All around him, pirates are gathering at the Jolly Roger, as Mr Smee (Bob Hoskins) presents the illustrious Captain Hook with a newly-sharpened hook. Hook then revels in the pirates cheering, telling of how he killed the crocodile that had once sought to devour him, and turned it into a clock, and now, cheers at the triumph in capturing Peter Pan's children in hopes to lead him back to Neverland and to his doom. When Peter steps forward (still claiming to be 'Peter Banning'), Hook is saddened to see that his once 'great and worthy opponent' has become a middle-aged man. Still wanting to test him, Hook demands that Peter fly up the ship and touch the fingers of his children, promising they'll go home if he can do so. However, Peter reveals his fear of flying, and Smee deduces that being away from Neverland for so long, has caused Peter to forget. Hook decrees that Peter walk the plank and wanders away, angered at being denied the war against a worthy opponent. Just then, Tinkerbell appears, and promises Hook that given three days, she'll get Peter into shape. After being knocked into the water, Peter is saved from drowning by the mermaids. Peter and Tink then return to the Lost Boy's hideout, now under the leadership of a boy named Rufio (Dante Basco), who also has possession of Peter's sword from the olden days. At first no-one believes, until a little boy named Pockets (Isaiah Robinson) speaks out. Much to the displeasure of Rufio, the Lost Boys unite to help Peter get his children back. Back on the Jolly Roger, Hook is still upset over his lot in life, until Smee hits on a master plan to make life even more miserable for Peter: get his children to love Hook. Hook finds this idea ludicrous, but soon warms up to it, claiming it as 'his idea.' Back with the Lost Boys, Peter is put through his paces with various exercises, and even tries to fly but with no success. The Lost Boys prepare a 'Never-Feast,' which is a meal of make-believe food. Peter finds the whole thing ridiculous, and Rufio makes fun of him, which leads to a game of name-calling, that Peter soon ends up winning. Peter then pretends to scoop up some food and fling it at Rufio. However, this gesture soon causes Peter's imagination to take flight, and the make-believe food now becomes real! Meanwhile, Hook attempts to turn Maggie and Jack to his side, claiming that parents hate their children. Maggie refuses to believe this, and is dragged away, while she yells for Jack to not forget their Mom and Dad, and to find a way to run home. While Maggie is not easily swayed, Jack's ire towards his Dad allows Hook to turn him easily. Finding a watch on Jack that Peter had given him, Hook and Smee lead Jack to a shop full of smashed up clocks, letting Jack work out his aggressions about his Dad by smashing the clocks and Peter's watch. Sometime afterward, a ballgame is held with Hook in attendance. Peter and the Lost Boys have also snuck over to the game, with some of the boys feeling that if Peter steals Hook's 'hook,' it'll provide him with the happy thought to fly with. However, Peter sees Jack make a home run, and Hook embrace 'his' son, yelling, 'my Jack!' The vision of Hook cheering on and holding his son causes Peter to run back to the Lost Boys hideout, where he attempts in vain to try and fly. Looking around, Peter soon finds Hangman's tree, and the secret entrance inside. As he looks around, Tinkerbell appears, explaining that Hook had found the tree and burned it when he didn't come back. Peter's memory begins to come back, and he remembers his past. Peter remembers his mother, who when he was a baby, talked about grand plans for him. However, as a baby, Peter was afraid of dying, because everyone who grows up has to die someday. A gust of wind blew Peter away in his perambulator one day, and it was then that Tinkerbell found him, taking him to Neverland, where he learned how to fly. Even so, Peter missed his mother, and returned to London, only to find that he'd been 'replaced' by another baby that his parents had. Peter then wandered in and out of open windows, where he eventually lost his shadow in the Darling's nursery, leading to him finding Wendy. Peter would continue to visit Wendy after their first adventure, but as she aged, Peter grew sad, as soon she was too old to accompany him. On his last 'visit' to the nursery, Wendy showed him her granddaughter Moira, asleep in a nearby bed. Upon seeing her, Peter proclaimed he would give her a kiss...but not like the thimble Wendy had once given him, but a real kiss. It is with this revelation that Peter suddenly remembers why he left Neverland behind and grew up: he wanted to be a father. Finding his 'happy thought,' Peter is able to fly again, to the joy of the Lost Boys. Rufio returns Peter's sword, and stands by him as they prepare to go to war with Hook. Hook meanwhile, has managed to make Jack forget Peter, and now consider him (Hook) as his father. Peter appears, and is at first taken aback that Jack does not recognize him, but then goes to work, battling Hook's pirates, as the Lost Boys launch their attack. Rufio appears, and fights off Hook, as Peter goes to rescue Maggie. Returning to the Jolly Roger, Peter arrives just in time to see Hook run Rufio through with his sword. With his dying words, Rufio tells Peter that he wishes he had a Dad like him. These words seem to break the hold that Hook had on Jack, who looks to Peter, asking to be taken home. Peter then reunites with the Lost Boys and Maggie, and they begin to leave...but not before Hook vows to continue to threaten Peter's family forever. Peter then jumps back into battle against Hook. After some time, it appears as if Peter has the upper hand, but instead of killing Hook, Peter listens to his children, who beg him not to kill Hook. Peter then tells Hook to leave. Hook then pulls a dagger on Peter, pushing him against the carcass of the once killer crocodile. However, Hook misses, and ends up puncturing the crocodile, who seems to return to life, and ends up eating Hook. With Hook gone, Peter decides to return home, but leaves one of the Lost Boys named Thudbutt (Raushan Hammond) in charge, as he fought courageously in the battle. While Maggie and Jack return to the nursery, Peter ends up in Kensington Gardens, at the base of a statue bearing his likeness. Also nearby is Tinkerbell, who says her farewells to Peter. Peter then returns to Wendy's place, and greets his family, throwing his cellphone out the window when it rings regarding more business matters. 
 But I'm a Cheerleader (1999)431) A naive teenager is sent to rehab camp when her straitlaced parents and friends suspect her of being a lesbian. Megan is an all-American girl. She's a cheerleader and has a boyfriend, but she doesn't like kissing him very much, and she's pretty tactile with her cheerleader friends, and she only has pictures of girls up in her locker. Her parents and friends conclude that she *must* be gay and send her off to "sexual redirection" school, full of admittedly homosexual misfits, where she can learn how to be straight. Will Megan be turned around to successful heterosexuality, or will she succumb to her love for the beautiful Graham? Martin Lewison <mlewison@utk.edu> Megan is a normal American girl who's one of the best cheerleaders on the team, along with having the captain of the football team as the perfect boyfriend, but there are some very unnormal things about her, including the fact that she doesn't like kissing her boyfriend, has posters of girls in her locker and at home, and likes listening to Melissa Ethridge. Does this mean that the normal Megan may, in fact, be... a lesbian?!?! Concerned parents and friends send her to True Directions, a gay-gone-straight camp led by the well-meaning yet totally insane Mary and the "ex-gay" counselor Mike. Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Seventeen-year-old Megan (Natasha Lyonne) is a sunny high school senior who loves cheerleading and is dating football player Jared (Brandt Wille). She does not enjoy kissing Jared, however, and prefers looking at her fellow cheerleaders. Combined with Megan's interest in vegetarianism and Melissa Etheridge, her family and friends suspect that Megan is in fact a lesbian. With the help of "ex-gay" Mike (RuPaul Charles), they surprise her with an intervention. Following this confrontation, Megan is sent to True Directions, a reparative therapy camp which uses a five-step program (similar to Alcoholics Anonymous' twelve-step program) to "convert" its campers to heterosexuality. At True Directions, Megan meets the founder, strict disciplinarian Mary Brown (Cathy Moriarty), Mary's supposedly heterosexual son Rock (Eddie Cibrian), and a group of young people sent to "cure" themselves of their homosexuality. With the prompting of Mary and the other campers, Megan reluctantly admits that she is a lesbian. This fact, at odds with her traditional, religious upbringing, distresses her and she puts every effort into becoming heterosexual. Early on in her stay at True Directions, Megan discovers two of the boys, Dolph and Clayton (Dante Basco and Kip Pardue), making out. She panics and screams, leading to their discovery by Mike. Dolph is made to leave and Clayton is punished by being forced into isolation. The True Directions program involves the campers admitting their homosexuality, "rediscovering" their gender identity by performing stereotypically gender-associated tasks, finding the root of their homosexuality, demystifying the opposite sex, and simulating heterosexual intercourse. Over the course of the program, Megan becomes friends with another girl at the camp, a college student named Graham (Clea DuVall) who, though more comfortable with her orientation than is Megan, was forced to the camp under threat of being disowned by her family. The True Directions kids are encouraged to rebel against Mary by two "failed graduates", Larry and Lloyd (Richard Moll and Wesley Mann), who take the campers to a local gay bar where Graham and Megan's relationship develops into a romance. When Mary discovers the infraction, she makes them all picket Larry and Lloyd's house, carrying placards and shouting homophobic abuse. Megan and Graham sneak away one night to have sex and begin to fall in love. When Mary finds out, Megan, now at ease with her sexual identity, is unrepentant. She is made to leave True Directions and, now homeless, goes to stay with Larry and Lloyd. Afraid to defy her father, who will disinherit her for life, Graham remains at the camp. Megan and Dolph, who is also living with Larry and Lloyd, plan to rescue Graham and Clayton. Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation ceremony, where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away. Megan entreats Graham to join them as well, but Graham nervously declines. Megan then performs a cheer she composed for Graham telling her that she loves her, finally winning Graham over. They drive off with Dolph and Clayton. The final scene shows Megan's parents (Mink Stole and Bud Cort) attending uncomfortably a PFLAG meeting to come to terms with their daughter's homosexuality. 
 Take the Lead (2006)541) The real story of a dance teacher who believed in the talent of a group of problem kids. In New York, the polite dance instructor Pierre Dulaine sees a black teenager vandalizing the car of the director of a public school and on the next day he volunteers to teach dance to students to give respect, dignity, self-confidence, trust and teamwork. The reluctant director Augustine James offers the troublemakers that are in detention expecting Pierre to give-up of his intentions. Pierre struggles against the prejudice and ignorance of the students, parents and other teachers, but wins his battle when the group accepts to compete in a ballroom dance contest. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A former professional dancer (Banderas) volunteers to teach dance in the New York public school system. While his background first clashes with his students' tastes, together they create a completely new style of dance. Based on the story of ballroom dancer Pierre Dulane. Anonymous Based on a true story, the movie tells of the struggle of a dance teacher, Pierre Dulain (Antonio Banderas), to give to a group of problem kids a second chance by exploring their dance skills. One night Dulain is astonished to see a boy, Rock (Rob Brown) destroying his school director's car. The following day Dulaine goes to the school to ask for a job as a dance teacher. The director has little confidence in Dulaine's idea of helping kids (including Rock) in detention to reform through ballroom dance classes. Even the kids, who prefer hip-hop or rap, think it isn't a great idea. Despite criticism from students in his formal dance academy as well as from parents and fellow teachers who believe that the kids need more math and less dance, Dulain catches the students' attention with a tango session. After their initial indifference, they eventually compete in a dance contest; the important thing isn't winning, but making a difference. Alejandro Frias Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Pierre Dulaine (Antonio Banderas) is a renowned professional ballroom dancer, who teaches ballroom dancing at his Manhattan dance studio. After seeing a car being vandalized by a student outside an inner-city high school, Pierre Dulaine walks into the school to talk to the Principal (Alfre Woodard). She has no time for him and to get rid of him she throws him a challenge, that he could make a difference by working with her worst students. Pierre Dulaine accepts the challenge and volunteers to teach ballroom dancing to a variety of students that have been sent to detention. The students are very skeptical of Pierre Dulaine, especially, when they find out that he wants to teach them ballroom dancing. All they know is hip-hop dancing. Dulaine's commitment and ability to change and adapt dance moves, eventually bring the student to his side. Together, they create a new style of dance and enter a major ballroom dance competition in New York City. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Hang Loose (2012)Summaries Kevin must go to Hawaii to attend the wedding of his big sister. The day before the wedding he goes on a misadventure with his future brother in law and his crazy groomsmen that changes his life. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 