nm0004839:

 Dangerous Minds (1995)Summaries An ex-Marine turned teacher struggles to connect with her students in an inner city school. Louanne Johnson is an ex-marine, hired as a teacher in a high-school in a poor area of the city. She has recently separated from her husband. Her friend, also teacher in the school, got the temporary job for her. After a terrible reception from the students, she tries unconventional methods of teaching (using karate, Bob Dylan lyrics etc) to gain the trust of the students. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pain & Gain (2013)651) A trio of bodybuilders in Florida get caught up in an extortion ring and a kidnapping scheme that goes terribly wrong. Based on the true story of Daniel Lugo ( Mark Wahlberg ) a Miami bodybuilder who wants to live the American dream. He would like to have the money that other people have. So he enlists the help of fellow bodybuilder Adrian Doorbal ( Anthony Mackie ) and ex-convict, Christian bodybuilder Paul Doyle ( Dwayne Johnson ). Their kidnapping and extortion scheme goes terribly wrong since they have muscles for brains and they're left to haphazardly try to hold onto the elusive American dream. napierslogs Based on a real life story that took place in Miami during the late 1990s, Donald Lugo and Paul Doyle are two successful, yet cash strapped body builders who want to get out of the grind and get the wealth they feel they deserve. Doyle is a born again fundamentalist Christian who just got out of serving 10 years in prison. As good as he is at body building, he's sexually frustrated as years of doing hardcore steroids in prison have really taken a toll on his body and his manhood. Lugo is employed as a trainer and consultant at the gym that they belong to and wants to be the most successful person he can be with the help of a sleazy motivational speaker, he aims for the top. Then enters Victor Kershaw - a Colombian immigrant and semi wealthy restaurant franchise owner who joins the gym. The manically picky Kershaw begins to taunt every aspect of the workout he's being provided with. Eventually Doyle and Lugo decide that they've had enough of his madness. The two kidnap and torture Kershaw for a month to gain access to his fortune, which they then proceed to live the high life with. Unfortunately, as good as they are at body building, these two criminally inept criminals will soon get involved in crime after crime, and don't exactly have the brains to match their muscles to figure out how or where they went wrong. But how long and how far does their ill gotten and ill perceived success go? halo1k In 1994, in Miami, the ambitious bodybuilder Daniel Lugo believes in fitness and dreams on living the American Dream, full of money and women. He decides to be a "doer" and plots a scheme to make money. Daniel invites his fellow bodybuilders Adrian Doorbal, who is impotent due to steroids, and ex-convict Paul Doyle, who is Christian and addicted to cocaine, to kidnap the unpleasant self-made Colombian entrepreneur Victor Kershaw and extort his fortune. However the plan goes wrong since the clumsy amateurish trio is stupid and make a series of mistakes. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In 1995, schemer Daniel Lugo (Mark Wahlberg) is a recently released convict who had served time for Medicare fraud. Sun Gym owner John Mese (Rob Corddry) hires him to increase membership and make the gym more fitness-based. Lugo increases the gym's membership by 75% within six weeks and befriends trainer Adrian Doorbal (Anthony Mackie), a bodybuilder rendered impotent due to his steroid use. Lugo soon lusts after the earnings and lifestyle achieved by Victor Kershaw (Tony Shalhoub), a sleazy new member he begins to train, who Lugo believes is a crook. Inspired by motivational speaker Jonny Wu (Ken Jeong), Lugo decides to be a "do-er" and hatches a plan to extort Kershaw for his assets by kidnapping and torturing him.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Daniel Lugo (Mark Wahlberg) running from large numbers of heavily armed policemen, only to be hit by a police cruiser. Then the story goes back in time a few months. Lugo is a schemer and recently released convict, who served time for Medicare fraud. Sun Gym owner John Mese (Rob Corddry) hires him to increase membership and make the gym more fitness based. Lugo triples the gym's membership within three months and befriends trainer Adrian Doorbal (Anthony Mackie). Doorbal, a bodybuilder, uses steroids, which render him impotent. Lugo soon lusts after the earnings and lifestyle achieved by a new gym member he begins to train: Victor Kershaw (Tony Shalhoub), who Lugo believes is a crook. Inspired by motivational speaker Johnny Wu (Ken Jeong), Lugo decides to be a "doer" and hatches a plan to extort Kershaw for his assets by kidnapping and torturing him. Lugo recruits accomplices Doorbal and Paul Doyle (Dwayne Johnson), a recently released cocaine-addicted convict who has turned to religion. Though Doyle is reluctant to join the team, he soon caves in after a violent altercation with his priest. This "Sun Gym gang" unsuccessfully attempts to kidnap Kershaw at home, but incapacitate him with a taser outside his deli and take him to a small warehouse he owns (which is stocked with sex toys). The kidnappers disguise their voices, but Kershaw identifies Lugo from his distinctive cologne. The scheme goes as planned otherwise: Kershaw makes calls, under duress, to provide fake explanations for his disappearance, gets his family to move out of state, and signs the documents which transfer his assets to Lugo. Lugo even bribes John Mese to notarize documents in Kershaw's absence, by presenting documents signed by Kershaw and using Kershaw's money to sponsor the Sun Gym. The Sun Gym gang is able to collect Kershaw's money and assets, but they realize releasing him is a bad idea. Therefore, Lugo concocts a plan to kill Kershaw by forcing him to drink liquor and crash his BMW, making it look like a drunken accident. When Kershaw survives the crash, the gang burns the car with Kershaw in it. Kershaw escapes the blazing vehicle, so the gang runs over his body and leaves him for dead. Unbeknownst to them, Kershaw survives and is hospitalized. The Sun Gym gang members spoil themselves with Kershaw's riches. Lugo takes over Kershaw's car and his home in a ritzy Miami suburb; Doorbal marries his nurse, Robin (Rebel Wilson), and uses his cut to purchase penile erection treatments; and Doyle abandons his restraints of religion and sobriety and fritters away his money on cocaine and his new stripper girlfriend. Kershaw reports what happened to the police, but they are turned off by his unpleasant manner and don't believe his bizarre story, particularly because of his blood alcohol level. He then contacts Ed Du Bois, III (Ed Harris), a retired private investigator, who declines to take the case but warns Kershaw to quickly leave the hospital before the gang returns to kill him. The gang learns of Kershaw's survival and goes to the hospital to kill him, but the plan fails because Kershaw has taken Du Bois's advice and fled. Upon reflection, Du Bois takes Kershaw's case and tails the Sun Gym gang. Meanwhile, Doyle has wasted all of his cut and attempts to rob an armored car. However, dye-packs planted in the money bag explode, and he narrowly escapes the police, getting his toe shot off. He and Doorbal - who depleted his share on payments for treatments, his and Robin's wedding, and a new home - explain to Lugo they need more money, and they propose another kidnapping. They target Frank Griga (Michael Rispoli), who owns a phone sex operation. After a promising discussion at Griga's mansion, the gang invites Griga and his wife Krisztina Furton (Keili Lefkowitz) to Doorbal's home to propose an investment scheme. However, Griga insists on meeting with someone more experienced and questions Lugo's amateurish business savvy. This angers Lugo, who attacks Griga. Griga fights back, and Lugo accidentally kills him. Krisztina discovers this and tries to shoot Lugo, but Doorbal injects her with a horse tranquilizer. Lugo and Doyle try to use codes obtained from a heavily sedated Krisztina to open a safe at her and Griga's home, but the codes do not work. When Krisztina rouses and tries to escape, Doorbal gives her a second injection, accidentally killing her. Lugo and Doorbal purchase equipment to dismember the bodies and dump the body parts in several barrels, which they sink in a lake, while Doyle incinerates their hands (on a barbecue grill) to eliminate their fingerprints. Doyle loses his sanity over the violence and gore, leaves the gang, and returns to the priest's church. The police learn of Griga and Krisztina's disappearances, and with evidence from Ed Du Bois, they set a plan to arrest the Sun Gym gang. The film returns to June 17: the police arrest Doyle at the church, Doorbal at home, and Mese at Sun Gym. Lugo sees the raid and flees. Although he is hit by a police car, he escapes and heads out by sea in Kershaw's go-fast boat. Kershaw and Du Bois deduce Lugo is going after Kershaw's hidden bank account in the Bahamas and accompany the police to capture him. Lugo's pursuers catch up with him and Lugo runs. Du Bois shoots him, Kershaw chases Lugo in a car and incapacites him, and the authorities arrest him. Lugo is brought back to the United States and stands trial with Doyle, Doorbal, and Mese. At the trial, it is revealed that Robin divorced Doorbal the night before she testifies against him. Doyle (a composite of gang members; see the "Comparisons" section below) has an attack of conscience, confesses, and testifies against Lugo; he is sentenced to 15 years in prison, serves seven years, and goes free. Lugo and Doorbal receive death sentences and sit on death row in Florida. Mese is sentenced and dies in prison. Doyle's stripper girlfriend, Sorina Luminita, is not charged. 
 The Green Hornet (2011)541) Following the death of his father, Britt Reid, heir to his father's large company, teams up with his late dad's assistant Kato to become a masked crime fighting team. Playboy Britt Reid (Seth Rogen) becomes the new publisher of Los Angeles' "The Daily Sentinel" after the sudden death of his father. Britt's party life is about to change when he and his driver and kung fu expert, Kato (Jay Chou), stop a robbery. With the help of Kato, Britt starts a new career of fighting crime as the masked superhero "The Green Hornet". Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) When news magnate James Reid dies, his son Britt and chauffeur Kato, resentful of Reid's slights, vandalize a graveyard statue. By chance, they also rescue a couple from thugs, but TV reports the vandalism, not the heroism. Britt, thinking he's a genius while relying on Kato's mechanical and kung-fu skills, decides to be a superhero, the Green Hornet, and use his father's paper to play up the bad-guy elements. The reporting on the Hornet upsets LA's DA, who's up for reelection, and the city's real crime boss, Chudnofsky. Plus, how long will Kato suffer in silence, when he has all the skill? Competition for the affection of Britt's assistant, Lenore, brings things to a head. <jhailey@hotmail.com> When the publisher of "The Daily Sentinel" dies, his son Britt Reid inherits his newspaper. The idle Britt is a playboy that parties all the time with women and hates his father but he is forced to become the new publisher. He also meets his father's mechanic Kato, who is a skilled fighter of kung fu, and they decide to fight crime for fun wearing masks. Britt uses "The Daily Sentinel" to promote "The Green Hornet" and his sidekick, attracting the attention of the kingpin Chudnofsky, Now the Green Hornet is chased not only by the police, but also by Chudnofsky that is hunting him down. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Britt Reid (Seth Rogen) is the son of LA's most prominent and respected media magnate and perfectly happy to maintain a directionless existence on the party scene until his father James Reid (Tom Wilkinson) mysteriously dies, leaving Britt his vast media empire. Britt knows next to nothing about his father's newspaper "The Daily Sentinel" or background, and without his father finds himself at a loss with the newspaper's employees, meetings, or even how to manage his own goals. After firing almost all his father's personal servants in the house, he eventually recalls one that he only knows as having been responsible for making his coffee, Kato (Jay Chou). For the newspaper, he hires a new secretary named Lenore Case (Cameron Diaz). The industrious and inventive Kato had long been working on the prized cars James owned. Finding their love of cars a common ground, the two begin an unlikely friendship. Both agreeing that James had been a man of harsh temper, Britt decides to do something impulsive and settles on decapitating a public statue of his father. With Kato hidden in a car and Britt himself masked with a green cloth, he succeeds, but spots a street robbery taking place. Britt tries to help the victims but finds himself overwhelmed, and Kato sees his employer fleeing from several armed men. Kato quickly analyzes the situation, fights them off and drives a very impressed Britt home. With the incident they see their chance to do something meaningful for the first time in their lives: fight crime. Britt takes a leading role because of his bolder personality, and the two agree that to get close to the criminals they'll pose as criminals themselves. This way, their enemies would be less likely to suspect their identities or try using hostages to take advantage. Kato, using all his ingenuity and skill, builds advanced retro weaponry including his pride 'Black Beauty', an indestructible car equal parts firepower and horsepower. To spread their fame, Britt leaves the criminals he meets a business card with an email to contact who the press had dubbed 'The Green Hornet', a name Kato had suggested in a meeting with Britt's top press executives. To get an idea of plans and keeping their criminal cover, Britt tells Lenore to research and predict the Green Hornet's criminal behaviours, he himself uses his newspaper to spread news of the infamous new criminal. Protecting the law by breaking it, Britt becomes the vigilante the Green Hornet as he and Kato hit the streets. Rolling in a mobile fortress on wheels and striking the bad guys with Kato's clever gadgets, the Green Hornet and Kato quickly start making a name for themselves, but tensions soon arise between the pair. Kato is tired of being ignored in the media and being dismissed as the 'nameless thug', and Britt's obsession with his leading role causes him to belittle and mock Kato as the weaker sidekick. As the two grow fonder of Lenore, tensions erupt into a fight that nearly ends with Kato's death, and his dismissal from Britt's employ. Kato finds no sympathy from Lenore, who has also been fired by Britt due to his suspicions about an affair between her and Kato. Without his usual support, Britt starts to associate with the runner up for District Attorney, Scanlon (David Harbour), a man who had indicated he wanted control of Britt's newspaper in exchange for 'compensation'. Scanlon's uncompromising stance clashes with Britt's temper, and the two leave each other in a rage. Lenore however believes that journalism is all about hearing all sides, so Britt eventually agrees to meet up with Scanlon. What he doesn't know is that an email had been sent to the Green Hornet, and Kato sees that the vigilante had been hired to kill Britt Reid publicly in a restaurant. At the restaurant, Scanlon tells Britt about his plans to control the media and become D.A., finally admitting that he had been responsible for James's death. Britt shows him a USB he had used to record the entire conversation, but Scanlon is unmoved. As it turns out, Kato in his masked persona had arrived to the restaurant and met with Benjamin Chudnofsky (Christoph Waltz), the man who controls LA's gritty underworld, and the one who had hired him for the assassination. Kato appears in the restaurant and points a gun at Britt's head, scaring the other customers away, but for once Britt does not act recklessly in a tense situation. Finally apologizing for his behaviour to the other man, Britt convinces Kato of his sincerity, and the two turn against Scanlon before Chudnofsky's men appear. The two escape together, and Chudnofsky realizes that Britt himself is the Green Hornet. With Scanlon and many other gang members, they all set out in pursuit of the Black Beauty. Inside the Black Beauty, Britt assumes his Green Hornet identity while Kato heads for the newspaper offices, intending to upload the recording of Scanlon's confession to the public. Chased on all sides by Chudnofsky's men who all had their own cars and guns, Black Beauty receives a beating but takes the two vigilantes safely to the office, where things descended into chaos as the remaining employees and most of the building's structure and machines get in the way of Black Beauty, Chudnofsky's men, and the police that eventually arrive to the scene. When they finally reach Britt's office, Kato holds off their enemies while Britt tries to upload the data. To his horror, there is no recorded data to be uploaded. He does not stay still for long, after seeing Chudnofsky holding Kato at gunpoint, Britt takes up Kato's mentioned training and clearly analyzes the situation before rushing in to help. Though unable to incapacitate Chudnofsky he does take several mobsters out of commission, and in the distraction Kato blinds Chudnofsky. Before they could take care of Scanlon, the police arrives, and Scanlon quickly identifies himself and tells them to shoot the vigilantes. Unwilling to let Scanlon escape and let their identities be exposed, the Green Hornet chooses to flee the scene, but not without taking Scanlon down. Crashing what remained of the Black Beauty into Scanlon and out the window, Britt and Kato escape through the injecter seats that, amusingly enough, Britt once jokingly suggested Kato make. Their escape is not completely smooth, for Britt had taken a bullet wound and is unable to go to the hospital without arousing suspicion, so they head to Lenore's home. After beating and pepper-spraying them, Lenore learns their identities and tries to help remove the bullet, but without proper equipment Britt is wary of the procedure. Together, the three of them hatch a plan. The next day, Britt Reid holds a press conference, claiming that the criminal Green Hornet had destroyed the office in his successful attempt to take Scanlon's life. Black Beauty suddenly bursts into the area and a masked Kato announces that the Green Hornet sends the Reid family his regards, before shooting Britt and fleeing the scene. Lenore accompanies Britt to the hospital to treat his bullet wound, while a police car chases after the Green Hornet's infamous black car. Kato's latest innovation is revealled as the car switches to a white colour to throw off police suspicion, before returning to a black colour once the police car passed. Sometime later, Britt, in his Green Hornet outfit, arrives at Kato's house saying that they have a secret mission and that everything before was total crap, and that this mission was all that mattered. The mission: reattaching the head to the statue of James Reid. 
 Daredevil (2003)761) A man blinded by toxic waste which also enhanced his remaining senses fights crime as an acrobatic martial arts superhero. Fate deals young orphan Matt Murdock a strange hand when he is doused with hazardous waste. The accident leaves Matt blind but also gives him a heightened "radar sense" that allows him to "see" far better than any man. Years later Murdock has grown into a man and becomes a respected criminal attorney. But after he's done his "day job" Matt takes on a secret identity as "The Man Without Fear," Daredevil, the masked avenger that patrols the neighborhood of Hell's Kitchen and New York City to combat the injustice that he cannot tackle in the courtroom. Anonymous Blinded by toxic waster when he was a young boy, Matt Murdock (Affleck) has gained enhancements in the remaining senses. With his father murdered, he sees this as a perfect opportunity to fight crime and help the New York City. He becomes Daredevil, and every night risks life to stop those escaping prison. One person who is still free is the biggest crime lord in New York, the Kingpin (Duncan). Whilst working as a lawyer, Matt becomes the masked hero to track down the Kingpin before anyone else he loves is taken out. FilmFanUK Left blind for life after a freakish accident, the New York City lawyer, Matt Murdock, has spent nearly his entire life in the darkness. As a result, imbued with acute extra-sensory abilities, Matt vows to become a fearless defender of the weak, and right the wrongs in the name of justice. Now, the city's newest protector takes increasingly dangerous risks to fight crime and the villainous Kingpin until a chance encounter with the beautiful she-warrior, Elektra (2005) , brings Matt face-to-face with the world's deadliest assassin-for-hire, Bullseye. Can Matt Murdock, the dauntless Daredevil, rid Hell's Kitchen of injustice? Nick Riganas He dwells in a world of external night--but the blackness is filled with sounds and scents, tastes and textures that most cannot perceive. Although attorney Matt Murdock is blind, his other four senses function with superhuman sharpness. By day, Murdock represents the downtrodden. At night he is Daredevil, a masked vigilante stalking the dark streets of the city, a relentless avenger of justice. For Daredevil justice is blind--and for the guilty, there's hell to pay. Letter B. Matt Murdock is a lawyer who was blinded during a chemical accident when he was a kid. However, after that accident his other senses were heightened to a superhuman degree making him the costumed hero known as Daredevil. When Daredevil goes against the Kingpin, who is the biggest crime lord in New York, he comes across Kingpin's newest recruit, the lunatic killer Bullseye who is famous for his targeting skills. Bullseye is so dangerous that he can turn any object into a weapon and he never misses his target. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As a child, Matthew Murdock lived in Hell's Kitchen with his washed-up boxer father, Jack Murdock. Matt's father constantly reminds Matt to get an education and make something of himself, and not wind up like him. One fateful day, when young Matt takes a shortcut home, he stumbles across his father beating up a man at the behest of local mob boss Fallon. Horrified, Matt runs blindly away from the scene, and runs afoul of a forklift which swerves to avoid him and accidentally pierces a barrel of toxic fluid, drenching Matt's face in the substance. An unspecified amount of time later, Matt awakens to find that he is blind. However, despite his loss of sight, his other four senses functioned with super-human accuracy, hearing and touch in particular. While Matt uses his radar-like hearing to train his body, his redeemed father decides to fight again in the ring. One night, Fallon approaches his father and orders him to throw the fight; when he does not, he is brutally murdered by a shadowy figure later revealed to be the Kingpin. Matt is heartbroken by his father's death. Many years later, Matt Murdock is operating as the Daredevil, whom the press dubbed as The Man Without Fear, at night, and lawyer during the day, protecting Hell's Kitchen in particular. The Kingpin's numerous criminal activities have finally been picked by the press, and he decides to implicate his former partner Nicolas Natchios and make it appear that he was the Kingpin. Matt is intrigued when he meets Elektra Natchios, and despite her initial distrust of him, the two soon begin a relationship. While traveling with her father one night, they are attacked by the lethal and unstable assassin Bullseye, who was dispatched by the Kingpin. Despite Daredevil's best efforts, Bullseye kills Nicholas Natchios with Daredevil's billy club and implicates Daredevil, enraging Elektra, who swears revenge, since she only saw Daredevil during the fight. Later, when Daredevil goes in search of Bullseye, he runs into Elektra, and reluctantly fights her. When Elektra impales Daredevil through the shoulder with one of her sai blades, she unmasks him and gazes at Matt in horror. Bullseye suddenly turns up, Elektra attempts to fight him and Daredevil can only watch helplessly (with his Radar Sense) as Bullseye kills Elektra. The first scene of the film is shown again, as Daredevil enters the church, intending to recuperate and recover his strength. Unfortunately, Bullseye tracks him down, and the two battle ferociously across the church with Bullseye gaining the upper hand after discovering Daredevil's weakness to loud sounds. After Bullseye manages to knock the air out of Daredevil, he raises a jagged metal pipe to kill him. Using his prodigious hearing, Daredevil hears a S.W.A.T. officer cock his rifle and times it so that his bullet fires horizontally through both of Bullseye's hands, incapacitating him. Daredevil then violently throws the assassin through a church window, and watches him plummet to the ground with grim satisfaction. Daredevil then goes to the Kingpin's Headquarters for a climatic battle. Despite his appearance, the Kingpin turns out to be a powerful fighter; he overpowers Daredevil throughout most of the fight and eventually unmasks him. Daredevil loses sight of Kingpin, and bursts a pipe so that the rushing water would allow his radar hearing to see his enemy, and bring the tyrant to his knees. When Daredevil is about to deal the final blow, he contemplates what it means to be a hero, and offers the Kingpin a sardonic smile as he awards him his life. He informs the Kingpin that he is aware that he won't be imprisoned indefinitely, and as he leaves, tells him that he will always be waiting for him. He offers one final thought before departing, and orders the Kingpin to stay out of Hell's Kitchen. When Kingpin threatens to reveal Daredevil's identity, Daredevil taunts him in return with the fact that Kingpin got beaten by a blind man, which would make him the laughing-stock of the underworld. The Man Without Fear left before the crimelord swears vengeance against him. The next morning, Matt and his law partner are drinking coffee at the shop, reading the newspaper on Fisk. Matt turns to the door when a woman enters at the shop, in a scene similar to the one introducing Elektra. Matt says he's going for a walk, and leaves. He goes to the roof of his apartment and finds a copy of Elektra's necklace hanging, with Braille on it. At his office, Ben Urich is writing his latest story, an expose on who Daredevil really is. He's about to print it, but then, out of respect for Daredevil's engagement, decides to delete his story. He exits the New York Post office into the night outside and sees Daredevil standing at the rooftop. Urich whispers "Go get them, Matt" to which Daredevil nods his head and takes off, leaping off the building to fight another hoodlum. Halfway through the film's credits, police are guarding a hospital room. Inside the room, Bullseye, now heavily bandaged is annoyed by a fly. Off camera, the fly is struck with a syringe on the wall. Bullseye says one word out of the side of his mouth: "Bullseye". 