nm0009896:

 Out of Bounds (1986)Summaries Daryl's parents ship him off to the big city to live with his brother, hoping he will have a better life there. After a baggage mix-up at the airport, Daryl finds himself in possession of a drug cache, which a drug dealer wants back. Farm boy Daryl Cage's parents ship him off to the big city to live with his brother, hoping he will have a better life there. After a baggage mixup at the airport, Daryl finds himself in possession of a drug cache, which a ruthless drug dealer wants back. The dealer murders Daryl's brother and the small town boy ends up all alone in the big city, being pursued by both the drug dealer and the police, who suspect him of the murder. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cagney & Lacey (19811988)Summaries Two female police detectives cooperate with each other both in their professions and in their personal lives. Television police drama starring two female cops as partners. Their contrasting personalities (one is tough and the other sensitive) strengthen them as a team, allowing each a different perspective on both personal and professional situations. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Mary Beth Lacey and Chris Cagney are female police officers in New York City. The women are partners and friends, but they lead different personal lives. Cagney is a single, career-minded woman, while Lacey is a married mother. In addition to going after the bad guys, the ladies have to combat sexism in the male-dominated workplace. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hart to Hart (19791984)Summaries The globe-trotting adventures of amateur detectives Jonathan and Jennifer Hart. Jonathan Hart (Robert Wagner) was a self-made millionaire, the C.E.O. of Hart Industries, a global conglomerate. His gorgeous wife Jennifer (Stefanie Powers) was a freelance journalist. They were both amateur sleuths, and in every episode found themselves up to their eyeballs in murder, smuggling, theft, and international espionage. They also managed to find time to snuggle together, as they loved each other very much. Max (Lionel Stander) was their loyal, gravelly-voiced butler, cook, and chauffeur, and Freeway their pet canine. Marty McKee <mmckee@soltec.net> Jonathan Hart (Robert Wagner), a self-made millionaire and C.E.O. of Hart Industries, is happily married to the beautiful Jennifer Hart (Stephanie Powers), a freelance journalist. They live in a huge estate with their loving butler, Max (Lionel Stander) and have a Lowchen dog named Freeway, who is like a child to Jonathan and Jennifer. One can tell that the Harts, from being millionaires to going around the world, are not your average couple, but another interesting thing about them is that they seem to find murder or any kind of trouble wherever they go, whether it's on vacation or because they're trying to help bail out a friend. According to Max, murder is their hobby. However, as busy as they are, they still find lots of time for love and snuggles in-between, and keep their marriage full of love. Seneca Laurn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hunter (I) (19841991)44) Rick Hunter is a renegade cop who bends the rules and takes justice into his own hands. Partnered with the equally stunning and rebellious Sgt. McCall, the tough-minded duo set out to crack down on L.A.'s slimiest criminals. Detective Sergeant Rick Hunter (Fred Dryer) and his partner, Detective Sergeant Dee Dee McCall (Stepfanie Kramer), are homicide investigators with the Los Angeles Police Department. Often they must go undercover to catch a variety of Los Angeles-style villains. Sporty James (Garrett Morris), a helpful Police informant, occasionally provided a bit of humor in this action-drama television series. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> L.A.P.D. Detective Sergeant Rick Hunter (Fred Dryer) is a tough-minded, Dirty Harry-type Policeman who can't stand the creeps, thieves, rapists, and especially murderers who prowl the streets of Los Angeles. Unfortunately, his method of doing things doesn't sit well with his precinct Captains, which lead to their efforts to get rid of him. Because of his heavy-handed approach, he is unable to keep partners for any significant time frame, and is assigned to Detective Sergeant Dee Dee "The Brass Cupcake" McCall (Stepfanie Kramer). Through seven years on television, the homicide detectives found themselves up against the slimiest criminals Los Angeles had to offer. Derek O'Cain Detective Sergeant Rick Hunter (Fred Dryer) is a good cop, who has a few things going against him. One is the fact that he, albeit unintentionally, injures his partners, which that not too many cops want to be his partner. Another is that his Captain has it in for him, and the fact that some of the people in his family are mobsters. Hunter teams up with Detective Sergeant Dee Dee McCall (Stepfanie Kramer), another cop who the other cops don't like. But nevertheless, they prove to be quite a formidable duo. As stated, Hunter's Captains during the first season had it in for him, but during the second season, Hunter's new Captain, Wyler (Bruce Davison), did not have a grudge against him, but liked to do things by the book, which Hunter sometimes didn't do. During the third season, his new Captain, Charles Devane (Charles Hallahan) got along well with Hunter and McCall. After six seasons, Stepfanie Kramer left the show. During the seventh season, Hunter and Devane were transfered to the Metro Division and were joined by Joanne Molenski (Darlanne Fluegel). Eventually, Molenski left and was replaced by Sergeant Chris Novak (Lauren Lane). <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 