nm0000131:

 Grosse Pointe Blank (1997)541) Martin Blank is a professional assassin. He is sent on a mission to a small Detroit suburb, Grosse Pointe, and, by coincidence, his ten-year high school reunion party is taking place there at the same time. Martin Blank is a freelance hitman who starts to develop a conscience, which causes him to muff a couple of routine assignments. On the advice of his secretary and his psychiatrist, he attends his 10th year High School reunion in Grosse Pointe, Michigan (a Detroit suburb where he's also contracted to kill someone). Hot on his tail are a couple of over-enthusiastic federal agents, another assassin who wants to kill him, and Grocer, an assassin who wants him to join an "Assassin's Union." Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Martin Blank is a contract hit man. After being in the business for five years, he is getting disillusioned with it, imposing himself on a therapist, Dr. Oatman, who is reluctant to help him through his issues because of his business. Part of his disillusionment is because of the changing nature of the business, as witnessed by one of his fellow hit men, Grocer, wanting to form a cartel of sorts despite the inherent non-trust with each of the other hit men. Because of one of his contracts not having gone down quite according to plan, Martin is forced to take a job in Detroit for the same client pro bono. Marcella, who handles the administrative aspects of Martin's business, encourages him to attend his ten year high school reunion in Grosse Pointe in suburban Detroit while he's there anyway. Martin left Grosse Pointe the day of the graduation prom never having returned. In the process, he stood up his prom date and serious girlfriend at the time, Debi Newberry. While in Detroit/Grosse Pointe, Martin wants to forget about his hit man life and focus most specifically with reconnecting with Debi, who now works as a local radio host. Making it up to Debi may not be as easy as Martin wants, despite both still being attracted to each other. But getting away from his hit man life may not be that easy either as Grocer has tipped off the NSA to Martin's job, the two agents, Steven Lardner and Kenneth McCullers, who plan to take him in when they catch him in the process of the hit, but who contemplate taking him out themselves. In addition, Martin learns the hard way that someone else has taken a contract out on him. Martin's life becomes even more complicated when he learns who his contracted hit is. Huggo Martin Blank and is a hitman with some emotional problems. He goes to a shrink who doesn't want him, and has had recurring dreams about his long lost love for 10 years since he stood her up on Prom night. When Blank gets an invitation to his School reunion he is originally dead against the idea, but when he is hired for a job in his home town he is forced to return home, and to face some old truths. Herm Holland Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a man on the phone with his assistant, discussing the transfer of funds for specialized ammunition, while he prepares a high-powered rifle with a suppressor and a scope. The man is Martin Q Blank (John Cusack), who works freelance as a professional, highly-paid assassin. As he tracks a bike messenger riding quickly down a Los Angeles street, his assistant, Marcella (Joan Cusack) reads him an invitation to his 10 year high school reunion, which is taking place shortly in Grosse Pointe, a suburb of Detroit and Martin's home town. Martin shoots the bike messenger just before the man can shoot and kill another man coming out of the hotel across the street. Chaos erupts as the target's bodyguards open fire. While they check on their boss, a doorman suddenly appears and kills the bodyguards and the target and disappears into the hotel. Martin recognizes the other assassin as Grocer (Dan Aykroyd), one of his chief rivals. Martin finds himself depressed and irritable, dissatisfied with his work and the increasing competition from rival assassins, including Grocer, whom meets with Martin and tries to coax him into a small assassins guild he's forming with several other individuals in their field. Martin is resistant, saying he prefers to work alone and Grocer leaves in a huff. Following a botched contract where Martin shoots the man instead of making it look like a natural death, Martin stops by his office where Marcella tells him his employers for the botched job want him to make amends. She also tells him the job just happens to be in Grosse Pointe and that he can attend his reunion and do the job over a weekend. Initially reluctant to attend, Martin is also talked into it by both his (understandably nervous) therapist (Alan Arkin), who tries to drop Martin as a client because Martin kept his preferred line of work a secret for several appointments. Martin is also nervous about seeing his old girlfriend, Debi Newberry (Minnie Driver), whom he abandoned on prom night 10 years before when he enlisted in the Army. Upon arriving in Grosse Pointe Martin seeks out Debi, now a radio DJ and is playing an all-1980s music weekend in honor of the reunion. Martin's subsequent visit to his family only heightens his depression; his childhood home has been demolished and replaced with an UltiMart convenience store, his mother lives in a nursing home and suffers from severe dementia and his father is dead (Martin's tribute to his father is to pour an entire bottle of whiskey on his grave and leave the empty bottle behind). Martin visits Debi at the radio station where she works and their conversation doesn't go very well; while still on the air, she toys with his guilt over leaving her 10 years ago without a trace and entertains calls from listeners who support her anger with Martin. However, there seems to be a glimmer of hope for rekindling their romance. Reconnecting with friends like Paul (Jeremy Piven) is likewise depressing, as many have integrated themselves with the local community through mundane establishment jobs. When asked about his livelihood, Martin readily reveals that he is a professional killer, a response taken as a joke by everyone he meets. Meanwhile Martin is being stalked by rival hitmen, including Grocer and Felix LaPubelle (Benny Urquidez), a Basque terrorist hired to kill him, as well as two awkward National Security Agency agents (Hank Azaria and K. Todd Freeman), briefed by Grocer, waiting for him to do his "job" so they can kill him as an enemy of the state. Despite these dangers, Martin remains distracted by his desire to make amends and procrastinates, not even bothering to glance at the background dossier on the prospective target. When Martin returns to the UltiMart, he is immediately attacked by LaPubelle and the two exchange gunfire, destroying the store. Martin and the clerk working there are nearly killed by a bomb planted by LaPubelle. Martin later meets with Grocer for breakfast at a small caf. Martin reaffirms his refusal to join Grocer's assassins' union, much to Grocer's disappointment. Martin also visits Debi at her apartment attached to her father's house and is able to convince her to be his date for the reunion. At the reunion, Martin mingles with his former classmates, one of whom hands him her adorable toddler. Martin stares into the child's face and experiences an existential transformation, recognizing that his recent dissatisfaction with his work and his amends with Debi signify an opportunity to change his life. He and Debi fade from the party and go to the school's health office and have sex on one of the gurneys. Debi returns to the party while Martin checks out his old school locker. Suddenly, LaPubelle appears and the two engage in a furious hand-to-hand battle. Martin finally kills him in self-defense, using a pen he'd gotten from a fellow classmate. Debi stumbles upon the scene and, horrified to find that Martin was not joking after all, flees the reunion. Paul follows only moments later to find Martin, who corrals him into helping to dispose of LaPubelle's body in the school furnace. Debi later confronts Martin in his hotel room, where he reveals that psychological testing in the Army revealed "a certain moral flexibility" that made him suitable for a CIA-sponsored "mechanical operations program." After leaving the CIA, he went into business for himself. His rationalizations for his work only horrify Debi even more; she rejects his attempts at reconciliation, and storms out. Martin, concluding that it is futile to attempt to change his life, fires his psychiatrist over the phone and finally opens the dossier containing the details of the contract that brought him to Grosse Pointe: he is startled to find that the target is Bart Newberry (Mitchell Ryan), Debi's father, who is scheduled to testify against Martin's client. Grocer decides to stop waiting for Martin to kill Bart and attempts the job himself, to impress Martin's client and boost his own business. Out of loyalty to Debi, and his "newfound respect for life", Martin abandons the contract and rescues Bart from certain death, speeding him to the Newberry house and holing up inside, narrowly ahead of Grocer and his team of mercenaries. During Grocer's raid on the house, Martin kills several of them, hiding Debi and her father in the bathroom. Martin finally reveals that he stood Debi up on prom night to enlist in the Army to channel his strong homicidal urges away from his family and friends. Martin gradually kills the remaining mercenaries, the NSA agents (with Grocer's gleeful help) and Grocer himself, moments before proposing marriage to Debi, to which her father enthusiastically offers his blessing. Debi, shell-shocked from the day's events, doesn't respond. Hours later she and Martin speed out of Grosse Pointe together. 
 Say Anything (1989)651) A noble underachiever and a beautiful valedictorian fall in love the summer before she goes off to college. High school senior Lloyd Dobler wants nothing more than to go out with beautiful and intelligent Diane Court. Lloyd attempts to win her heart over the objections of her over-protective father before Diane leaves for a scholarship in England. Scott Renshaw <as.idc@forsythe.stanford.edu> Diane Court and Lloyd Dobler have just graduated from Lakewood High School in Seattle. Overachieving Diane, who probably does not realize how beautiful she is, was the class valedictorian. She strives for excellence in everything she does as a natural course, resulting in not having a social life, although she could probably get any boy she wanted despite feeling socially awkward herself. She lives with her divorced father, Jim Court, who owns a nursing home, who dotes on Diane and who does whatever he needs to validate her being the best. Diane receiving a prestigious fellowship to study in England in the fall is just the latest validation that she indeed is at the top of the pyramid. An army brat, Lloyd recently returned to the US to finish high school, he now living with his single mother sister Constance while their parents remain stationed in Germany. Lloyd, who does kick-boxing as a hobby, has no career aspirations, only knowing that he wants to do something great. His only short term aspiration is to date Diane, despite the improbability, it generally seen that she is out of his league. With the fellowship in hand, Diane lets her social guard down for the first time in her life in accepting Lloyd's offer of a date, despite she not even knowing who he is. Following that date, Lloyd wants to spend as much time with Diane in the next sixteen weeks before she leaves. Diane, who likes Lloyd and who finds that she now regrets not having that social life with her high school colleagues, has to decide if Lloyd does fit into her life at this crucial time just before she is about to leave. What happens is also dependent on her father, not only in he perhaps seeing any boy, but even more one like Lloyd who does not have the same future outlook as he has for Diane being merely a distraction, but something that happens in his own life. Lloyd figuring out what that something great as something to do may also factor into what happens. Huggo The unambitious teenager Lloyd Dobler has a crush on the gorgeous bookworm Diane Court and decides to invite her to date him in the high-school graduation party and she accepts. Lloyd is living with his sister Constance and has no plan for his future. The objective Diane lives with her father James Court, who is the owner of a retirement home, and has just received a scholarship from a British college. Soon they fall in love with each other but James is investigated by the IRS agents and convinces Diane to break up with Lloyd and travel to England. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An improbable couple meets after high school graduation and must deal with their friends, family, and other pressures just to stay together. Lloyd Dobler is an average kickboxer with a good heart but limited ambition. Diane Court is an aloof genius who is very closely protected by her father. When Diane gets a scholarship to study in England, she has a weighty decision to make. Jeremy Rasmussen <jr@intrepid.uunet.uu.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is graduation day, 1988, for a Seattle high school. Lloyd Dobler tells his girl friends Corey and DC that he is going to ask out class valedictorian Diane Court. They tell him he is crazy, because she is a "brain" and he is not. As Diane is getting driven to graduation by her father, she is practicing her speech. Her father, James, is extremely supportive, telling her that it is funny and everyone is bound to love it. At graduation, Diane's speech is a bit of a bomb. Nobody laughs and the only people in the audience who appear to be interested in it are Lloyd and Diane's father. In the speech, she talks about how she is fearful of the future. Lloyd keeps telling his friends about how much he loves Diane's eyes. After graduation, we see Diane receive a new car from her father as a graduation present. Meanwhile, Lloyd gets his friends to take a photograph of him as he walks behind Diane. Later that day, Lloyd gets the courage to call Diane. He invites her to a graduation party, and much to his surprise she agrees, even though it is unclear if she even remembers who he is. After the phone call, she is shown looking into her yearbook, and expressing surprise when she sees Lloyd's picture. Shortly afterwards, Diane's father gets a letter explaining that Diane has won a fellowship that will allow her to go to university in England. She will therefore be leaving in 16 weeks. Apparently this fellowship is only given to one student in America, so this is a huge honor. Lloyd picks her up for the party wearing a khaki trench coat. She is wearing a white skirt and matching blazer with a purple flower in her hair. Lloyd meets Diane's father and is very gentlemanly and polite. Upon arrival at the party, people are intrigued by the fact that Lloyd has shown up with Diane Court. It appears as if this is the first time that Diane has ever socialized with anyone, and they seem pleased that she showed up. It seems that while her classmates admired her, very few know her level at all. Lloyd is given the task of "keymaster", which means he has to spend the entire party holding a bag of car keys; he can only give them back to the drivers if they are sober. Diane and Lloyd do not spend the party next to each other, but at various points, Lloyd does check up on Diane, which she seems somewhat pleased by. When the party ends, there is one kid who is too drunk to drive. Diane and Lloyd drive him home, but it takes them three hours to find the guy's house. Lloyd doesn't end up delivering Diane home until dawn. The two do not kiss on this first "date", and her father is not upset by the late return, because she had called him while at the party to let him know where she was. It is clear by this point, that Diane likes Lloyd more than anyone might have expected. They arrange a second date: a dinner party with Diane's father and some of his colleagues from a senior citizen home, which he manages. Lloyd's friend Corey tells him to keep his mouth shut during dinner, which he mostly seems to do. At one point, Diane and her father tell a story about when Diane tried to board a plane once, but got so scared that her father had to tell the pilot to turn the plane around before it took off. Lloyd remarks that he is amazed by the closeness of Diane and her father: that he has nothing like that in his life. When asked what his dreams are for the future, however, he disappoints the adults by not having any ambitious dreams. He tells them that he just wants to spend as much time as possible with Diane and is interested in kickboxing. Midway through the dinner, two men come to the door to inform Mr. Court that he is under investigation from the IRS. He gets agitated and tells them to visit him at his office. The film progresses with scenes showing us that Lloyd and Diane are gradually getting more and more friendly with each other. At the same time, it is clear that there is a considerable stress surrounding the IRS investigation. Diane tells Lloyd that she is just too stressed out to get into anything deep with Lloyd. They agree to be "friends with potential." This status changes while Lloyd is teaching Diane how to drive stick shift. She is barely catching on, but enjoying the process. At one point, the two get quite close and Lloyd plants a kiss on her, which she accepts. They kiss a few more times and then decide to drive to somewhere more private. Eventually, we see Diane and Lloyd parked in Lloyd's car by the sea. The two appear to have had sex underneath some blankets in the back seat. Diane remarks how Lloyd is shaking. She thinks it is because he is cold, but he explains it is because he is so happy. On the radio is Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes". She tells him to listen to the song, because it is so nice. In the morning, Diane arrives home to a dad who is quite upset with her. Unlike the previous all-nighter, she failed to call him this time around. At this point she mentions how she feels free to "say anything" to her dad, and so tells her dad everything about her and Lloyd's relationship. She explains that she first wanted to avoid doing anything serious like sex with him, but in the end, she decided to go for it. While her father isn't upset at her, he clearly isn't thrilled to be hearing this from his daughter. This added strain between Diane and her father seems too much for her to handle. Her father suggests that she break up with Lloyd, to help make her life simpler. He suggests that she could give him something for him to remember her by, such as a pen, which he gives her. Next time we see Diane and Lloyd driving around, she breaks up with him. She is clearly upset about doing this, but goes through with it, and does give him the pen before exiting his car. Lloyd is quite upset. He leaves seven messages on her machine and in what is the iconic scene, stands outside her bedroom window playing Peter Gabriel's "In Your Eyes" from a boom box which he holds above his head. Diane hears this, but only lies in her bed. Lloyd calls her one more time. We watch as Diane and her father listen to Lloyd's message. From Diane's reaction, it is clear that she is still very much attracted to Lloyd. Her father tells her to just pick up the phone, but she replies that if she did, she would just get back together with Lloyd. Eventually, she can't resist and picks up the phone, but just as Lloyd hangs up. By now the IRS investigation is heating up. Diane goes to the investigator's offices and demands that someone tell her what is going on. The man tells her that they believe that Mr. Court has been stealing money from the residents at the senior home when they die. He then hides the money in the form of cash and collectibles in the house. Diane is shocked and does not believe it. She goes home and starts searching the house for the supposed cash. Meanwhile, we the audience are able to see that the house is filled with the kinds of collectibles that the investigator tells her about. Prominently displayed is a Wurlitzer jukebox, which we previously learned cost Mr. Court $9,000. There is a Persian rug, and Diane stops to notice the fancy ring that her dad gave her as a graduation present. Eventually she opens up an antique box that her dad kept in his office, and discovers a stash of thousands of dollars. She confronts her dad, who tries to deny it. She is angry that, while she always told her father "anything" he is unwilling to come clean. He breaks down and admits that he was taking their money. He tries to justify it by saying that it was all done for the sake of Diane. While Lloyd is engaged in a kickboxing training match at the gym, Diane comes by to ask for forgiveness. She tells him that she loves him. Meanwhile, we see two lawyers negotiate a deal. Mr. Court will be fined and serve a year of prison time, starting immediately. We next see Lloyd meeting Mr. Court in prison. Diane is in the car, while Lloyd hands over a letter. It appears as if Diane is about to go to England. Surprisingly, we also learn that Lloyd is going to go to England with her. Eventually, Diane comes out of the car and does finally hug her father goodbye. Before leaving, she tells him to write her, and leaves the pen she had previously given Lloyd in her father's hands. The film ends with Diane and Lloyd on a plane together. A previous scene in the film indicated that Diane has never flown, and is very fearful of the experience. Lloyd tries to calm her down by telling her that most accidents happen in the first minutes of a flight. As soon as the "fasten seatbelt" sign goes off and a "ding" sounds, though, he tells her that everything is OK. The two are shown holding hands anxiously awaiting the ding. At the point that we hear the ding, the screen goes black, and the credits roll. 
 High Fidelity (2000)541) Rob, a record store owner and compulsive list maker, recounts his top five breakups, including the one in progress. Thirty-something Rob Gordon, a former club DJ, owns a not-so-lucrative used record store in Chicago. He not so much employs Barry and Dick, but rather keeps them around as they showed up at the store one day and never left. All three are vinyl and music snobs, but in different ways. Rob has a penchant for compiling top-five lists. The latest of these lists is his top-five break-ups, it spurred by the fact that his latest girlfriend, Laura, a lawyer, has just broken up with him. He believed that Laura would be the one who would last, partly as an expectation of where he would be at this stage in his life. Rob admits that there have been a few incidents in their relationship which in and of themselves could be grounds for her to want to break up. To his satisfaction, Laura is not on this top-five list. Rob feels a need not only to review the five relationships, which go back as far as middle school when he was 12, and try to come to terms with why the woman, or girl as the case may be, left him, but also, in the words of Charlie Nicholson, number four on the list, "what it all means" for why he has ended up where he is, which is nowhere, personally or professionally, close to what he envisioned. He also has to come to terms with what it means that Laura has moved on to Ian Raymond, a man for whom neither had any respect when they were together. High Fidelity follows the 'mid-life' crisis of Rob, a thirty-something record-store owner who must face the undeniable facts - he's growing up. In a hilarious homage to the music scene, Rob and the wacky, offbeat clerks that inhabit his store expound on the intricacies of life and song all the while trying to succeed in their adult relationships. Are they listening to pop music because they are miserable? Or are they miserable because they listen to pop music? This romantic comedy provides a whimsical glimpse into the male view of the affairs of the heart. <N2XFYLS@aol.com> Arrested development confronts 30-something Rob Gordon when Laura, his smart and successful lover, leaves him because he hasn't changed since they met. He reviews his top five worst breakups (he constantly makes top-five lists, though usually about music). He recalls each breakup, reconnects with these former loves to find out why they dumped him, and wallows in misery from losing Laura. Much of it plays out at his vinyl record store where he and two clerks, socially-inept savants, live and breathe obscure contemporary music. Rob makes fruitless attempts to win Laura back, indulges in new relationships laced with fantasy, and tries introspection. What will Laura do? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film centers on Rob Gordon (John Cusack), a self-confessed music geek whose flair for understanding women is over par for the course. After getting dumped by his current girlfriend, Laura (Iben Hjejle), he decides to look up some of his old flames in an attempt to figure out what he keeps doing wrong in his relationships. He spends his days at his record store, Championship Vinyl, where he holds court over the customers that drift through. Helping Rob in his task of musical elitism are Dick (Todd Louiso) and Barry (Jack Black), the "musical moron twins," as he refers to them. Dick is quiet and reserved, Barry is loud, boisterous and confrontational. Armed with an encyclopedic knowledge of all things musical, they compile "top-five" lists for every conceivable occasion, openly mock the ignorance of their customers, and, every so often, sell a few records. Rob and the staff have a strong dislike for two shoplifting skateboarder teenagers, Vince (Chris Rehmann) and Justin (Ben Carr). One day, he listens to a recording that they did (actually "The Inside Game" by Royal Trux) and offers them a record deal, starting his own label called "Top 5 Records." During his off hours, he pines for his lost girlfriend Laura and does his best to win her back. Rob also finds out that Laura has taken up with an older man who lives in her building. Ian (Tim Robbins) is a flighty, hippie type who stops by the store one day to politely ask Rob to stop bothering Laura. Rob imagines three separate scenarios; one where he insults Ian and tells him to leave, another where he lunges for Ian and has to be held back by Barry and Dick, and the last where all three beat him viciously, possibly killing him. In the end, Rob lets Ian say his piece and leave unharmed. Rob soon hears that Laura's father, who liked Rob, has died, and attends his funeral with Laura. Shortly after the reception, Rob realizes he never committed to Laura and always had one foot out the door. In the process, he neglected his own future. Afterward, he and Laura move back in together again, and she organizes a celebration of the recently released single by the two delinquents, where Barry's band plays "Let's Get It On" and is delightful (to everyone's surprise). In the final scene, Rob finishes his advice about making the perfect mix tape, and says that he is now making one for Laura. 
 1408 (2007)651) A man who specialises in debunking paranormal occurrences checks into the fabled room 1408 in the Dolphin Hotel. Soon after settling in, he confronts genuine terror. The cynical and skeptical writer Mike Enslin writes books evaluating supernatural phenomena in hotels, graveyards and other haunted places, usually debunking the mystery. While writing his latest book, he travels from Los Angeles to New York to spend one night in the Dolphin Hotel's posessed room 1408, which is permanently unavailable for guests. The reluctant manager Mr. Gerald Olin objects to his request and offers an upgrade, expensive booze and finally relates the death of more than fifty guests over decades in the cursed room. However Mike threatens Mr. Olin, promising to sue the hotel, and is finally allowed to check into the room. Later in the night, he finds that guests of room 1408, once they have checked in, might never leave the room alive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Author Mike Enslin specializes in paranormal investigations writing books along the line of the 10 best haunted hotels in America and so on. He receives an anonymous postcard in the mail telling him not to stay in room 1408 at the Dolphin Hotel in New York City. His attempts to make a reservation there are unsuccessful and he is told that it isn't available - ever. His research reveals that there have been a number of very strange deaths in that room dating as far back as the hotel's opening 95 years ago. The hotel is forced to accept him but the manager, Gerald Olin, begs him not to stay there. In his opinion, the room is evil and no one has ever been able to stay in there for more than an hour. Enslin scoffs at the warning and is soon in the room - from which he soon becomes desperate to leave. garykmcd Hacked off with his miserable life, the quasi-successful author of spine-chilling ghost stories, Mike Enslin, makes a living debunking supernatural events by visiting sites of reported paranormal activity. Profoundly cynical, Enslin receives an anonymous postcard warning him not to check into the mysterious room 1408 of Manhattan's Dolphin Hotel, of course, only to spark his suspicious interest. Intrigued, Mike chooses to ignore the hotel manager's insistent warnings of the evil room's grave dangers--and after packing his spirit-detecting gear--he boldly enters a secret realm of bizarre occurrences and surreal instances. Will Room 1408 make for an excellent final chapter in sceptic Mike's new novel? Nick Riganas Based on the short Stephen King horror story of the same name, 1408 is about supernatural writer Mike Enslin, an author of two successful books on supernatural phenomena. As research for his latest book, Enslin is determined to check out the notorious room 1408 in a New York City hotel by personally staying as a guest in the fabled room. He believes that 1408 is just a myth perpetuated by stories and rumors that Enslin has collected for his past works. However, hotel manager Mr. Olin has strong objections to Enslin's stay and only warns him of possible danger to come. Enslin is determined to go anyway. But what Mike Enslin is about to experience is no myth, as 1408 truly is a room where the guests don't check out by noon. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a strong rainstorm on a road. We see a car approaching us. The car stops by a local lodge. A man gets out and runs in soaking wet. This man is Mike Enslin (John Cusack). He walks up to the front desk and starts talking to the elderly couple who run the establishment. They tell him how they've been expecting him. It is explained quickly through their conversation that Mike is an author of cheesy horror tour guide books. He travels from place to place, staying at supposedly "haunted" places and then writing summaries of them for his books. As he talks with the couple they try and tell him all about the history of the lodge and how a servant of the house once hanged herself and the female head of the house lost all five of her children to tuberculosis in the bed Mike will be staying in. Mike however, seems totally perfunctory about these stories. He seems to be very apathetic to the history of the place and clearly feels he knows as much as he needs to. He just wants to stay in the room so he can study it once again like he has done so many other times. Later we see Mike in the attic room that is claimed to be haunted but it seems totally mundane and harmless. As time passes Mike walks around and checks the place out. He even breaks out of equipment which he uses to test for the presence of supernatural forces. It is all to no avail though. The room is a regular room and Mike falls asleep. The next morning Mike wakes up and promptly leaves, He heads to a book signing he is scheduled to attend in a small book store. When he arrives he sees a stand setup but no one is there to greet him and there doesn't seem to be anyone there lined up to see him. Mike heads to the counter and tells the man there he is here for his book event. The man at first seems totally oblivious to what Mike is talking about. Mike shows him a pamphlet with his picture on it from the store announcing the event. Then the store guy seems to recall. The clerk at the counter announces the event over the loudspeaker of the store to the sparse number of patrons. However, most seem to show little or no interest. Next, we see Mike talking about his various books at the "event", which is attended by 4 or 5 people. He talks of his various derivative books like "The 10 Scariest Mansions" and "The 10 Scariest Lighthouses". One of the attendees asks him if his experiences have lead him to believe in ghosts. Mike says all this stuff is fantasy and that nothing in all of his travels has ever been out of the ordinary and would lead to believe in such things as much as he might like to. He sarcastically tells one of the people if he really wants to see a ghost he should head to the "Haunted Mansion" in Orlando. As he signs the various horror guide books for the handful in attendance. A young girl walks up to him and places a book before him called "The Long Road Home" that he wrote. Mike is astounded that the girl has a copy of this book. It is clear this is not one of his horror books. The girl says her name is Anna and she tells him how she was genuinely touched and moved by the book and how it seemed too authentic, especially the part about the relationship between the father and son. She asks him if it really happened. Mike says no. However, his expression clearly indicates that is not quite true. He seems flattered by her words, but clearly he doesn't want to linger on this point. When she asks him if he is ever going to write another book like it, Mike says that period is over now. After the book event Mike heads back to his home base in Los Angeles. While there he goes for some surfing down by the beach. As Mike is surfing he surfaces from the water and sees a plane flying over his head. The plane has a message banner attached to it. As Mike tries to read it he gets distracted and fails to see the huge wave that is headed for him. The wave sends Mike reeling and he eventually washes up on the beach chocking water with a guy asking him if he is alright. Later Mike goes to the post office to pick up his mail. We then see him at a local diner opening up his mail. Most of them are advertisements for more "supposedly" haunted locations that the owners want Mike to visit and write about. One of these is a post card that catches Mikes eye. It is a postcard from the Dolphin Hotel in New York. On the back of the postcard is a single warning message: "DON'T ENTER 1408! Mike examines the room number and writes "=13" on the card realizing this is what the sum of the numbers is. "Clever" he comments. Next Mike phones his New York publishing office and speaks to his publisher Sam Farrell (Tony Shalhoub). He tells him he plans on making the Room 1408 of the Dolphin the final location for his newest touring book. Sam tells him it sounds like a really cool possibility, but asks Mike if he really wants to come back to New York after "all that happened". Mike says he is over "that" now, but its clear that Mike is still deeply affected by something that occurred there. Mike then sets out researching newspaper clippings of the incidents that have transpired with the former occupants of the Dolphins infamous room. He finds one article in particular of the first victim of the room. A wealthy businessman who inexplicably jumped from the window of the room while staying there just 1 week after the hotel opened. Mike then calls the hotel itself and tells them he would like to make a reservation. They say fine, but then Mike says he wants room 1408 and they immediately reply that it is unavailable. Mike says he never gave a date. He keeps persisting them in asking when it will be made available, but they keep saying it wont and eventually hang up on him. Mike thinks this is some sort of ploy. He speaks to Farrell again and he tells Mike that physically they cannot prevent Mike from renting the room according to the law. If it is available as a hotel they must rent any available room to him according to official operational New York guidelines. Mike says this is great and tells them to go ahead and make the reservation. Farrell asks Mike if he is sure about this given the rooms incredibly sordid and wicked history. Mike says he isn't concerned and prepares to head for the Dolphin. Next we see Mike arriving at the Dolphin Hotel. It isn't at all the sort of creepy and macabre establishment he expects and that most of the places he visits try to be. It looks like a regular hotel. He enters the lobby and finds it quite busy. He approaches the counter and speaks to the woman there. Mike tells her who he is and that he is here to check into Room 1408. However, as soon as she enters his information on the computer an alert comes up to immediately notify the manager before letting Mike Enslin check in. She tells him to wait a moment. While he is waiting a hotel lobby bellboy walks over and asks Mike is he can take his bag. Mike says no and the worker politely walks on. Shortly thereafter Mike meets the manager of the hotel Gerald Olin (Samuel L. Jackson). Gerald asks Mike if he can please accompany him back to his office and says he needs to discuss the matter of Mike staying in Room 1408. Mike agrees to this and the two head off. Inside Gerald Olin's office, Gerald tries to tell Mike about why he must not stay in Room 1408. He first offers Mike a bottle of some expensive Bourbon on the house as a friendly gesture, which Mike takes. He then goes through the rooms gruesome and hideous history and how dozens of people have killed themselves inside the room in all sorts of shocking manners. However, as he says all this Mike interrupts him and starts continuing what Gerald was saying about the entire grizzly history of the room. Gerald smiles and says "I see you've done your homework well". However, he tells Mike he doesn't know the whole story. That in addition to all the suicides there have been over 20 "natural" deaths in the room of various circumstances like strokes, heart attacks, and people who appeared to have literally appeared to have panicked to death. Mike seems startled by this news but remains largely stoic about all of it. He tells Gerald that by staying in 1408 he will write a nice piece of it in his next book and increase the hotels occupancy by 50%. Gerald tells him the hotel usually runs at 90% capacity and doesnt need Mike to promulgate the hotel in one of his books. Gerald tells Mike that the hotel doesn't seek any kind of attention to 1408. That it only fears the room claiming more victims. He continues that no one has ever stayed in room 1408 and lived and in fact no one has lasted more than an hour. He pulls out of a folder of case files of the rooms myriad of victims and tells Mike that in all 56 people have died in there. Gerald says this isn't about publicity or anything else; he just doesnt want to see anyone else die in there. He offers to let Mike see the folder along with staying in Room 1404 which has the same layout if he will just agree not to stay in 1408. Mike says no. Gerald becomes aggravated and throws Mike the folder and says "Here! Just look at it! Mike examines the folder and peruses the photos of its many unfortunate former occupants as Gerald recounts their stories, in particular one of a man who was found stitching his own body parts together. Mike is clearly perturbed by this, but still insists on going to 1408. When Gerald asks Mike why he is so adamant about staying in Room 1408 despite all the grizzly stories he has told him Mike responds that he has stayed in countless places over the years where slaughters have occurred and he remains unscathed. Gerald finally relents and takes Mike to get the key for 1408. It is a regular old style brass key. Mike asks why and Gerald tells him that no electronic cards will work with the room for some reason. Mike jokes and says "What the phantoms don't like modern innovations? Gerald tells him he never said anything about a phantom or a ghost or any such thing. He leans in towards Mike and says "It's an evil fucking room! We next see Mike and Gerald on the elevator up to the 14th floor. Mike inquires about how the room is maintained being as haunted as it is. Gerald tells him that once a month he and the hotel staff go up to the room in a special visit, to change the bulbs and sheets among other things. He says they always go in groups and the door remains open at all times. He tells Mike they treat the room like its a biological hazard zone. However, he says once they were cleaning up 1408 and a maid wandered into the bathroom and the door of it closed on her. Gerald says the maid was only in there for less than a minute. Mike says "Let me guess she died? Gerald says "No, she went blind! He says she poked her own eyes out from sheer madness laughing as they pulled her out. Mike is clearly distressed by all Gerald has told him but when the elevator stops Mike gets off. Gerald says this is as far as he goes and gives Mike one final warning to please not go to 1408. Mike just continues on and the elevator door closes. Mike moves down the hallway of the 14th floor. At first it seems normal with a maid passing by and a few hotel guests entering rooms. However, something seems eerily unsettling. Mike continues to 1408 and opens the door with the key. Initially he finds the experience totally anti-climactic. The room looks totally banal and mundane. Just like any regular modern hotel room. He walks in and shuts the door. Initially Mike starts to get used to his surroundings. He checks out the room, but there doesn't seem to be anything unusual. It has all the usual amenities of a typical hotel room including a copy of The Bible. Mike lays down on the bed and proceeds to make sardonically mocking comments into a voice recorder he brought with him about how much a joke it is that people speak with such fear of this room. As time passes by Mike gets up goes to the two windows of 1408 to look out. As Mike looks out the window he suddenly hears some weird noise of movement behind him. As Mike turns around he suddenly sees two chocolates laid on his pillow from out of nowhere. He goes into the bathroom and sees the toilet paper has been replaced Mike laughs and thinks this is some ruse by the hotel staff to try and scare him. He says "Lovely! I have the ghost who does turn down service in here. Mike thinks whoever did the changes must still be in the room, but despite looking everywhere he cannot find anyone. A series of bizarre but trivial events starts occurring afterward. Noises, flashes, and other weird happenings seem to be going on, however, nothing that cannot be easily explained. Then the heat in the room starts getting out of control. Mike is convinced this is all the doing of the hotel staff to make him leave the room. Mike calls the hotel operator to complain. He demands they send someone to fix it. The operator agrees. Mike seems surprised with how easily she complies with his demands given the fact he think the hotel staff is trying to antagonize him. After a little bit a mechanic arrives at the door, Mike tries to open the door but it is stuck. After pulling on it with great force it finally opens sending Mike to the floor. He sees the mechanic at the door and tells him to come in and fix the thermostat, but the man refuses saying there is no way he is entering 1408. Mike asks how he is supposed to fix the temperature. The guy tells him he can talk him through it and just has Mike tap on a switch in the box. The cooling comes back on. Mike thanks him, but by the time he turns around to look at him he is already gone and the door closed. Mike goes back to relaxing in the room, just as he drinks Bourbon a little, the clock radio turns on itself, playing "We've Only Just Begun" by The Carpenters, freaking him out. The clock in the room he notices has even begun a countdown from 60 minutes. Initially this doesn't bother Mike much but as the events continue he becomes more and more terrified. Mike hears a high-pitch tingling and becomes deaf temporarily. His hand is crushed by the window, then he went to the bathroom to wash the wounds but suddenly the faucet runs from cool to hot water. Mike tries to close the faucet with a towel but it fails then he kicks the sink, stopping the faucet. Back to the room to put a bandage in a wounded hand, then the clock radio again turns itself on, playing the same song. Mike quickly pulls the radio, disconnecting the cord but its clock still counting down. The telephone rings and Mike picks up. The woman operator he spoke to earlier picks up again. Mike is livid about what has been happening, but the operator is different now, rude and almost mocking, telling Mike to calm down and not speak to her in such a harsh tone of voice. She tells Mike she will put the manager on, but Mike waits and the manager never comes. Mike hangs up the phone and grabs his stuff and then makes a run for the door. However, just as he opens the door, the key breaks. He then tries to unlock the door with the knife and it unlocks, but the door knob breaks, the door is now locked and no matter how many times Mike pulls and bangs on it, it will not open. Mike goes back over to the bed and sees a spectre of an old man (who looks like the same man who was the first one to commit suicide in the room) emerge from the wall the ghostly spectre goes over towards the window and jumps out. Then another female ghostly spectre appears and jumps out of the other window. Mike goes over to the window and looks out. Across the street he can see a man sitting in a building through a window on the other side of the street. Mike tries to signal and scream to the man. The man across the street gets up and takes a look at Mike. Mike keeps signalling to him and sees the man across the street signalling back, but eventually he realizes this person across the street is just mimicking his own actions. Mike cannot understand what is going on. He takes the lamp he has been holding in his hand trying to signal the other man and holds it up to his face. When he does so the man across the street does the same and Mike sees the man across the street is actually him. He then sees a figure with a knife approaching the mirror version of him across the street from behind. Mike turns around and is attacked by the same hideous figure that eventually vanishes. Mike picks up the lamp and tries to throw it out the window towards the ground to try and get the attention of the people and cars he can see passing below, but as he drops it the lamp just vanishes. Mike tries to go back towards the door, but it still wont open. He now looks over at the lampshade of the lamp he just dropped out the window. It still has light coming out of it despite there being no lamp. Mike is now convinced he must be hallucinating. He looks over at the bottle of Bourbon that Gerald gave him and one of the chocolates left on his bed that he ate. He realizes these could've been used to drug him. Suddenly the TV in his room turns on. A old scene from his life comes on the TV. He sees himself playing with his wife Lily Enslin (Mary McCormack) and their daughter Katie (Jasmine Jessica Anthony). As Mike watches this old memory he comes visibly morose and distraught. He puts his hand up to the TV, but the scene vanishes. Mike hears more of the commotion from the next room over he had heard earlier. He hears a baby crying, he knocks on the wall and asks the woman he assumes must be with the baby to help him, but no one responds. Instead the baby's crying gets progressively louder and louder, until it becomes absolutely deafening. Mike falls to the floor and throws a chair at the wall and the noise finally dissipates. Mike now realizes he must escape. He goes back over to the window. All the while Mike has been saying comments into a voice recorder he brought with him to document his stay in 1408. He makes one comment into the voice recorder as he prepares to go out the window that if something were to happen to him he would want anyone who found the recorder to know it was because he slipped and fell and it was an accident. It was not that the room drove him to kill himself. Mike looks the hotel's floor plan of the 14th floor for escape plan. Mike goes out of the window and gets on the ledge. He figures he can make his way across to the window of the next room over. However, as Mike keeps going further and further away he wonders how much further it must be. Mike then looks down the ledge but he cannot see any other windows except room 1408. Mike realizes he cannot go further and makes his way back to the window he came from, but as he tries to go back in the ghost of the woman who jumped before startles him. She then jumps again and as Mike watches her fall she vanishes before hitting the ground. Mike finally goes back to the room and he sees the floor plan has changed, showing the only room 1408 is in the middle of the building. He also sees another scene from his past. This time, part of the room next to him turns into a hospital room and we see Mike consoling his wife Lilly about the current status of their daughters health. He tells her everything will be alright. Sitting next to them in a hospital bed is Katie who can hear what they are saying and is clearly concerned. Next the walls start to bleed. Mike tries to calm himself by saying that this must all be a nightmare, but he wonders why he cannot wake up. He tries to shock himself out of his dream by looking out of the window, as he does the rooms elevation seems to rise dramatically and Mike falls back in sheer fright. Eventually this all culminates in the room becoming like a whirlwind, overwhelming with paranormal activity. When Mike finally recovers from this disorienting event he finds the room around has physically changed appearance. The windows are now covered over in a white preventing him from looking out. The entire room is now bathed in a powerful and ominous white light. The rooms wallpaper has changed to one of white flowers and everything else seems to have been modified in a peculiar way. The temperature has also dropped dramatically. Mike then sees that another one of the sections of the room has become another scene from his past. He sees an old man sitting in a chair in what looks like a mental home. This time Mike walks up to the man and talks to him. The man complains about why he is here. Mike realizes this man is his father. His father smiles and tells Mike that soon Mike will be driven insane like him. Mike now realizes he must try and contact someone on the outside. Previously he had tried his cell phone, but he could not get a signal. Now he tries the wireless connection on his laptop. By some miracle he is able to get through. He manages to get a video signal through to his wife Lilly. Lilly is astounded to see Mike and wants to know why after all this time he has finally contacted her. Mike tells her he cannot explain. What is going on, but she must help him. He begs her to send the police to where he is. He tells her he is in New York at the Dolphin Hotel. Lilly is surprised he is back in New York which is also where she is. She keeps asking Mike why he hasn't been in communication in so long but Mike just tells her to please send the police to where he is. She seems baffled as to why, but Mike begs her to just do it. Suddenly the sprinkler system cuts on and short circuits Mike's laptop breaking their conversation. Mike is furious and doesn't even know if his wife got the message. Mike looks back over at the clock to see it is still ticking down Mike realizes again he must try to escape. He goes over to the room's door. Mike had previously seen a air duct above the room. He hopes he can crawl through the ducts to get out. Mike manages to climb up and get into the ducts. As he begins moving through the air ducts he can see more scenes from his life as he passes the air ducts of the rooms below, including one of his wife tending to his daughter as a baby. Mike keeps trying to go on, but suddenly he finds himself pursued by a grotesque looking old man. The old man starts crawling after Mike and keeps grabbing on to him. Finally Mike kicks the old mans face shattering it. Mike finally falls back down the air duct to Room 1408. He finds the temperature has dropped yet again and the room is now completely covered in snow. Mike walks back over to the floor plan and sees it has now changed. It only shows 1408 and nothing but blackness around it. Mike looks through the keyhole and sees just a wall. Mike tries to burn the various articles in the room to try and keep warm. As he does he witnesses more scenes from his past. He sees a scene of his sick daughter back in the hospital with his wife. They are trying to tell Katie that everything will be alright and that she doesnt have to worry about dying. Mike tries his best to keep her spirits up, but it is obvious he has real doubts and fears. Finally we see Mike and Lilly in their home bereaved and commiserating over their daughters death. Mike is angry at his wife for his feeling that she "Filled Katie's head with fantasies of a heaven, instead of willing her to fight! He clearly has lost all his faith and is consumed with despair. Mike then sees a vision in the wall. It is Gerald Olin back in his office... Gerald begins talking to Mike. Mike is furious at him but Gerald says he gave Mike every chance to pass on staying in 1408. He tells Mike that he should not have been so skeptical and doubtful of paranormal activity and ghosts in his books and appearances all those years. He says there is a reason why people believe in this sort of thing, for the glimmer of hope that there really is something beyond death. Mike tries to reach for Gerald to hit him, but he just finds himself punching a wall. Mike is finally ready to give up when he hears his wife on his laptop again contacting him. He runs over to it and tells her if she sent the police to 1408. His wife says the police are in 1408 and it is empty. Mike now realizes the full power of 1408. The room has now transported him into some kind of separate dimension from the reality he has in. Mike tries to tell his wife he is done for and that he is going to die. His wife says Mike is crazy and that she is going to come down there to him. Mike then pleads with her not to do this, but suddenly he realizes she is not hearing him. Then Mike sees a new window on his laptop open up. This time the video image is of him. The new image of Mike begins talking to his wife telling her to come down to 1408 and please join him. Mike begins screaming to the video of his wife on the laptop but to no avail. She can only hear the words of the impostor on the laptop. After she logs off the false Mike looks directly at the real Mike and smiles and then winks. Mike now realizes its not just his life in peril. He screams in utter rage. The rooms paranormal activity reaches its pinnacle. The entire room starts "coming alive" even the pictures on the wall. One of the pictures, a scene of a ship in a violent storm begins pouring water into the room. Soon the entire room is gone and Mike is trapped underwater, above him though he sees a light being emitted from the surface. As Mike swims towards it he comes up and realizes he is no longer in 1408. He is back on the beach from the beginning of the film. He looks up and sees the plane from earlier flying overhead and this time he can read the message on it, it says to get great life insurance call XXX-1408. Mike eventually finds himself back on the beach from before where he washed up. Mike then comes to in a hospital in LA. He sees his wife Lilly sitting next to him. He asks her if he is in NY, but she tells him he is in LA and that he never went to NY. He explains to his wife that had a vivid dream of going to NY and staying in Room 1408 at the Dolphin Hotel. His wife says she has never heard of it. We then see the two of them in a restaurant and his wife is telling Mike how the dream must've been a metaphor he concocted based on the events of his life. Mike seems composed, but he suddenly sees a waitress who looks exactly like the suicidal ghost from 1408. Mike becomes flustered, but then he looks back over and sees it is not that woman. Mikes wife then suggest he write about the experience. We then see Mike researching the same stories from before of the victims of 1408 but this time they are different and the victims are unrelated and didn't die in 1408. We then see Mike writing about the experience of 1408 on his computer and how it was a hellish dream he built in his mind. Finally Mike brings his completed manuscript of the 1408 story to the post office to mail it to the NY office, but as he gets to the counter he suddenly notices the man at the counter is not the usual guy, It is the bellboy he met earlier at the Dolphin, Mike turns around and sees some guys working on the wall behind him, but they too are workers from the Dolphin hotel. Suddenly they all begin tearing down the walls of the post office and behind them emerges Room 1408. Mike now realizes the nightmare is going to begin again anew. Mike is back in 1408 - is in ruins - but he cannot believe it. He keeps telling himself "I WAS OUT! Mike looks back at the clock. It is still ticking down. Eventually Mikes daughter appears before him. Mike doesnt believe this is the real Katie. She asks him "Don't you love me anymore?" Mike falls to his knees and grabs Katie in his arms. He tells Katie he loves her and they will be together forever. However, suddenly Mike feels Katie go limp. He looks at Katie only to find her slumped dead in his arms. Mike begins to weep uncontrollably and falls to the floor. "You cant take her from me twice" he explains. The clock radio - still intact - turns itself on, playing the same song. The body of his daughter crumbles before him into dust. Mike becomes furious and smashes anything in a room. Mike watches the last few moments of the hour pass on the clock. When the clock is over, Mike arises back in Room 1408 - back in normal. The clock has reset and has begun ticking back down from 60 minutes. We see Mike sitting at a chair answering a ringing phone. He picks it up and asks "Why don't you just kill me? We then hear the same annoying and rude woman hotel operator from before "because all our guests enjoy free will sir! She tells him "You can either repeat this hour over and over forever or you can take advantage of our express checkout! Mike then looks over to see a noose dangling above the bed. Mike sees himself disappears in a mirror and then he sees the two graves, his daughter's grave and Mike's grave to be burried. Then in a mirror, Mike sees himself hanging through the mirror's image. This doesn't freak him out much. Mike goes back to the desk and picks up a receiver. The operator says, "Are you ready to checkout?" His answer is no and he hangs up the phone. The telephone rings and he answer it. The operator says, "Your wife will be here soon and I will be sure to send her right up. Just remember there is no escape! Mike tells the operator that the room will not have her. He then says that if he is going down then he is going to be sure that Room 1408 joins him. Mike picks up the bottle of Bourbon from before which is now full again and puts a string into it. He lights the string turning it into a Molotov cocktail and then throws it at the wall. The room begins to erupt in flames. Some ways away we see Mikes wife Lilly in a cab near The Dolphin. She asks what is going on at the hotel as something is clearly awry. She jumps out of the cab and runs to the hotel and sees the fire. Guests are storming out of the hotel and into the streets. Lilly runs up to the fireman and begs them to help her husband. Meanwhile we see Mike back in 1408 smiling and laughing knowing he has beat the room even if this means his death. He crawls under a table as the room is engulfed in flames around him. Mike thinks this is it, but then the fireman breaks through the door and pulls him out. Outside the room in the hallway Mike tells them not to go in there because its cursed. They just ignore him figuring he is delirious from the trauma. As the fireman drag him out we see Gerald back in his office saying "Well done Mr. Enslin.". Later Mike awakens again in a hospital to find Lilly again at his side. Mike explains to her what happened and how he knows that all he has written about all these years and dismissed is actually real. His wife seems skeptical and believes Mike may be delusional from the experience of all that happened. Eventually we see Mike and Lilly back together in their home. Mike is going through his old things in boxes. Lilly finds Mike's stuff he brought back with him from the Dolphin Hotel. Lilly says they should just throw it out since it stinks and it brings back bad memories". Mike grabs them and says no telling her that "bad memories are not to be forgotten, they are meant to be lived with". Lilly now realizes Mike is ready to move beyond his daughters death, though she is still doubtful of the 1408 haunting. In the things, Mike finds the recorder he had with him in 1408 that he occasionally used to comment on the events in the room. Mike realizes he had the recorder on longer than he thought. He fast forwards to the end of the tape. Mike hears the part where is talking to his daughter as Lilly listens too. Suddenly they both hear Katie on the tape. Mike and Lilly are both bewildered as they realize 1408 is very real. **************************************************************************************************************** Alternative (Original) ending Director Mikael Hfstrm has stated that the ending for 1408 was re-shot because test audiences felt that the original ending was too much of a "downer". The original ending, available on the two-disc collector's edition, sees the back draft engulfing the room as Enslin hides under the table, happy to see the room destroyed as he dies. During Enslin's funeral, Olin approaches Lily and Enslin's agent where he unsuccessfully attempts to give her a box of Enslin's possessions including the tape rresecorder. Before being cut-off Olin claims that the room was successfully destroyed and that it will no longer harm anyone ever again, hence why he claims "Enslin did not die in vain". Going back to his car, Olin listens to the recording in his car, becoming visibly upset when he hears Katie's voice on the tape. He looks in the car mirror and imagines seeing a glimpse of Enslin's burnt corpse in the backseat. Having heard and seen enough, Olin places the tape recorder back in the box and drives off. The film ends at the gutted room, with an apparition of Enslin looking out the window and smoking a cigarette. He hears his daughter calling his name, and disappears as he walks towards the room's door. A sound of a door closing is heard and the screen blacks out. 