nm0004356:

 George Lucas in Love (1999)431) 1967 film student George Lucas has writer's block trying to finish his "Space Wheat" script, until a beautiful fellow student with a familiar hairstyle teaches him that the best stories are in plain sight. In 1967, writer's-blocked USC film student George Lucas has only three days to finish his script or he won't graduate. He ends up falling for a girl named Marian (with her hair done up in buns on the sides of her head) who encourages him to write what he knows and feels. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> A satire of "Shakespeare in Love" that searches for the 'true' origins of the Star Wars saga. A young George Lucas (Martin Hynes) tackles writer's block while trying to complete his final screenplay for USC Film School and the master storyteller is placed center-screen as he searches for inspiration, ultimately finding it in the colorful and ever-familiar characters that surround him, including Marion (Lisa Jakub), his very own "Leia". levelFilm Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Originally released to critical and audience acclaim in 1999, GEORGE LUCAS IN LOVE is a hilarious satire of Shakespeare in Love that searches for the true origins of the Star Wars saga. A young George Lucas (Martin Hynes) tackles writers block while trying to complete his final screenplay for USC Film School and the master storyteller is placed center-screen as he searches for inspiration, ultimately finding it in the colorful and ever-familiar characters that surround him, including Marion (Lisa Jakub), his very own Leia. Launching the careers of its four young filmmakers Joe Nussbaum, Tim Dowling, Joseph Levy, and Daniel Shere GEORGE LUCAS IN LOVE took Hollywood by storm as this parody found its way to the VCRs of virtually every industry bigwig at the time, including George Lucas himself who praised the film as very funny. Re-mastered, re-finished and, for the first time, in HD, the 15th Anniversary Edition of this award-winning short film is available May 20, 2014. This is a must-see treat for fans packed with comedy, charm, and instantly recognizable moments from the original trilogy they love so much. 
 Mrs. Doubtfire (1993)541) After a bitter divorce, an actor disguises himself as a female housekeeper to spend time with his children held in custody by his former wife. Eccentric actor Daniel Hillard is an amusing and caring father. But after a disastrous birthday party for his son, Chris, his wife, Miranda, draws the line and files a divorce. He can see their three children only once a week which doesn't sit well with him. He also holds a job at a TV studio as a shipping clerk under the recommendation of his liason. But when Miranda puts out an ad for a nanny, he takes it upon himself to make a disguise as a British lady named Mrs. Doubtfire. And he must also deal with Miranda's new boyfriend, Stu Dunemyer. Blazer346 Troubled that he has little access to his children, divorced Daniel Hillard hatches an elaborate plan. With help from his creative brother Frank, he dresses as an older British woman and convinces his ex-wife, Miranda, to hire him as a nanny. "Mrs. Doubtfire" wins over the children and helps Daniel become a better parent -- but when both Daniel and his nanny persona must meet different parties at the same restaurant, his secrets may be exposed. Jwelch5742 How far would an ordinary father go to spend more time with his children? Daniel Hillard is no ordinary father, so when he learns his ex-wife, Miranda, needs a nanny, he applies for the job. With the perfect wig, a little makeup, and a dress for all occasions, he becomes Mrs. Doubtfire, a devoted British nanny who is hired on the spot. Free to be the "woman" he never knew he could be, the disguised Daniel creates a whole new life with his entire family. Official DVD cover Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Daniel Hillard is a voice actor living in San Francisco, California. Though a devoted, loving, and well-meaning father to his three children, Lydia, Chris and Natalie, Daniel is a poor disciplinarian and his wife, Miranda, considers him unreliable. One day, he quits his job at an animation studio over dispute over a questionable script, then returns home to throw a chaotic birthday party for Chris, despite Miranda saying that Chris could not have one because of his bad report card. Returning home from work due to a neighbor's complaint, Miranda is furious with Daniel for having planned and thrown the party behind her back, and, after a heated argument, reaches the end of her patience and files a divorce. At their first custody hearing, the judge initially grants Miranda sole custody of the children, since Daniel has neither a residence nor a job, but tells Daniel that he will order joint custody if the former gets a suitable residence and job within 3 months. As Daniel works to rebuild his life, getting a menial job at a TV station, he learns that Miranda intends to hire a housekeeper and surreptitiously alters her classifieds form when she refuses to let him take care of the children. He then calls Miranda several times, using his voice acting to trick her into thinking that bed job applicants are calling, then calls as a British-accented nanny, whom he dubs "Mrs. Euphegenia Doubtfire." who has years of experience. Impressed with her alleged qualifications, Miranda invites "Mrs. Doubtfire" for an interview. Daniel enlists his brother Frank, a makeup artist, and his partner Jack to transform him into the character. After being further impressed by the interview, Miranda hires Mrs. Doubtfire. The children initially struggle to adjust to Mrs. Doubtfire's strict methods, but they soon begin to thrive, becoming happier and doing better in school, while Miranda is able to heal her strained relationship with them as she and Mrs. Doubtfire become good friends. Daniel has to learn several skills to play the role convincingly, such as cooking and cleaning, and also improves himself. However, despite impressing Miranda greatly with his newfound maturity, Daniel soon realizes that he has indirectly created another barrier, as when he asks to look after the children, Miranda insists she could never dismiss Mrs. Doubtfire, as the family's lives have been made so much better by "her." One night, Chris and Lydia accidentally learn that Mrs. Doubtfire is their father in disguise, but after the initial panic and learning why he did it, agree to keep it a secret and are happy to have him back in their lives. One day, Jonathan Lundy, the CEO of the TV station Daniel works at, sees Daniel clowning around with toy dinosaurs on the set of an unsuccessful children's program on the cusp of cancellation. Impressed with his creativity, Lundy invites him to dinner at Bridge's Restaurant on the coming Friday night in order for Daniel to pitch ideas as a possible new host. Miranda, meanwhile, expects Mrs. Doubtfire to attend a birthday dinner arranged by her new romantic interest Stuart Dunmire scheduled at the same time and place. Unable to reschedule his dinner with Lundy and not wanting to disappoint his family, Daniel goes to the restaurant and tries to rotate between both dinners, changing in and out of the Mrs. Doubtfire costume in the restroom. He consumes several alcoholic beverages between the two tables and becomes tipsy. He forgets to change out of the Mrs. Doubtfire costume before returning to Lundy's table and seasons pepper, an ingredient Stuart is allergic to, on Stuart's order. When Lundy questions the costume, Daniel quickly covers for his mistake by explaining that his alter ego is his idea for a television persona, impressing Lundy. At Miranda's table, Stuart starts choking on the pepper. Out of regret, Daniel, still in the Mrs. Doubtfire costume, administers the Heimlich maneuver and manages to save him. Unfortunately, during the struggle, Daniel's mask rips off, revealing his identity. Horrified and furious, Miranda storms out of the restaurant with the children. At their next custody hearing, Daniel demonstrates he has a job and a suitable home, then explains his action. Unfortunately, the judge, although sympathetic, is disturbed by his behavior and grants Miranda full custody, with Daniel limited to supervised visitation once a week. The ruling devastates Daniel and, unbeknownst to him, Miranda, as she realizes that he never meant any harm. Without Mrs. Doubtfire, Miranda and the children become depressed, realizing how much "she," therefore Daniel, improved their lives. However, they are delighted when they see Daniel dressed as Mrs. Doubtfire hosting his own television program, "Euphegenia's House", which becomes a hit across several American cities. One day, Miranda pays a visit to Daniel after he wraps up one episode and, congratulating him on his success, admits that things were better when he was involved, so she forgives him, successfully appeals the custody ruling, allowing them joint custody, and makes peace with him. Later, the kids are greeted by Daniel, revealed as their new babysitter, undisguised and without supervision. They head out as Miranda watches a Euphegenia's House episode where Mrs. Doubtfire answers a letter from a little girl whose parents are divorcing, saying that no matter what arrangements families have, love will prevail. 
 Independence Day (1996)761) The aliens are coming and their goal is to invade and destroy Earth. Fighting superior technology, mankind's best weapon is the will to survive. On July 2nd, communications systems worldwide are sent into chaos by a strange atmospheric interference. It is soon learned by the military that a number of enormous objects are on a collision course with Earth. At first thought to be meteors, they are later revealed to be gigantic spacecraft, piloted by a mysterious alien species. After attempts to communicate with the aliens go nowhere, David Levinson, an ex-scientist turned cable technician, discovers that the aliens are going to attack major points around the globe in less than a day. On July 3rd, the aliens all but obliterate New York, Los Angeles and Washington, as well as Paris, London, Houston and Moscow. The survivors set out in convoys towards Area 51, a strange government testing ground where it is rumored the military has a captured alien spacecraft of their own. The survivors devise a plan to fight back against the enslaving aliens, and July 4th becomes the day humanity will fight for its freedom. July 4th is their Independence Day... Gustaf Molin <gumo@hem2.passagen.se> In the beginning of July, humans received a strange signal, and this has turned into a global phenomenon. A massive spaceshipwdd headed towards Earth and smaller spaceships began to cover entire cities around the world. Suddenly, the wonder turns into horror as the spaceships destroy the cities with energy desa. Then when the world counterattacked, the alien ships are invincible to military weapons. Then the President ofWda the United tStates decides to head to Area 51, to formulate a plan to defeat the aliens. Now the fate of the world rests on a handful of surviving humans.rd John Wiggins On July 2nd, satellite stations experience interference in their systems and the scientists and military believe that it is caused by meteors. Soon they realize that it is originated from the Moon by a huge spacecraft that brings other ones that are positioned over the major cities on Earth including Washington, New York, Los Angeles, Paris, London, Houston and Moscow. World governments do not know the purpose of the alien force. The scientist David Levinson discovers that the aliens are preparing the invasion of Earth, destroying the human species, and he succeeds in reporting to the President of the United States, Thomas J. Whitmore. With an inferior technology, Whitmore and General William Grey decide to give a chance to Levinson's plan of downloading a virus in the computer of the alien spacecraft as the last chance of Earthlings to survive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil From the cold and pitch-black depths of the boundless space, a silent and insidious menace enters the solar system; grazes the Moon, and violates the Earth's atmosphere: an innumerable spaceship flotilla governed by a hostile and technologically advanced alien life form. As the extraterrestrial adversary's indestructible flying saucers wreak havoc on our planet from end to end killing millions, the end of the human race is near--and what is even more certain--we, the powerless and unprepared earthlings, are utterly defenceless. Once, we dreamed of making contact with otherworldly celestial entities. Now that the all-powerful invaders claim our world, the President of the United States and a handful of good men mad enough to stand up for all mankind must make a heroic last stand against the enemy, on a decisive Fourth of July. Will we survive to see another glorious Independence Day? Nick Riganas The ultimate encounter when mysterious and powerful aliens launch an all out invasion against the human race. The spectacle begins when massive spaceships appear in Earth's skies. But wonder turns to terror as the ships blast destructive beams of fire down on cities all over the planet. Now the world's only hope lies with a determined band of survivors, uniting for one last strike against the invaders - before it's the end of mankind. Official DVD cover Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On July 2, a giant alien mother ship, over 340 miles in diameter (550 km) enters orbit around Earth and deploys several dozen saucer-shaped "destroyer" spacecraft, each 15 miles (24 km) across. The destroyers take positions over many of Earth's major cities, including New York, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, and Moscow. David Levinson ( Jeff Goldblum ), an MIT graduate working on satellites for a cable company in New York City, discovers a signal hidden satellite transmissions which he believes is a timer counting down to a coordinated attack by the aliens. With the help of his ex-wife Constance Spano ( Margaret Colin ), a White House staffer, David and his father Julius ( Judd Hirsch ) gain entrance to the Oval Office to warn President Thomas J. Whitmore ( Bill Pullman ) of the impending attack. The president immediately orders large-scale evacuations of the targeted U.S. cities, but the aliens attack with advanced directed energy weapons before the evacuations can be completed. The president, his young daughter, portions of his staff, Constance and the Levinsons narrowly escape aboard Air Force One as a destroyer lays waste to Washington D.C. New York City and Los Angeles are both destroyed in the same manner, leaving millions dead. On July 3, the United States conducts a coordinated counterattack; the Black Knights, a squadron of Marine Corps F/A-18 Hornets from El Toro Marine Corps Air Station, participate in an assault on the destroyer that has devastated the city of Los Angeles. Their weapons fail to penetrate the craft's force field, and it responds by releasing scores of smaller "attacker" ships which are similarly shielded and armed with high-energy torpedoes. One-sided dogfights ensue. Captain Steven Hiller ( Will Smith ) manages to evade the guns of the attacker ships and lures a single attacker to the Grand Canyon. There, as his jet is about out of fuel and the attacker is about to overtake him, he deploys the landing chute for his jet and it drapes across the alien craft, temporarily disorienting the pilot. Captain Hiller ejects from his jet. The alien crashes into the top of the canyon wall and lands in the desert. Captain Hiller parachutes to a landing close by and angrily marches over to find and confront whatever life form is in the alien craft. The door to the alien fighter craft pops open and a very bizarre looking creature with tentacles appears. Captain Hiller delivers a right cross and knocks the creature out, saying "Welcome to Earth!!" He sits down and smokes a victory cigar. On board Air Force One, President Whitmore consults his staff, who report that NORAD has been destroyed by the invaders and the Vice President, Whitmore's Cabinet and the Joint Chief have all perished in the attack. Arguing about how they should have issued an executive order to evacuate the major cities that were attacked, David's father suggests that the US government did know about the invaders, having stored some evidence of a previous visit at Area 51 in the Nevada desert. The president is humored and tries to tell Levinson that Area 51 doesn't exist, however, Whitmore's Defense Secretary, Nimziki ( James Rebhorn ), tells the president that the installation does exist. As Hiller is using his parachute to drag the body of the alien across the desert, he is picked up by Russell Casse ( Randy Quaid ), a crop-duster pilot who is traveling across the desert with his kids and a group of refugees in a convoy of RVs. From there they take the captured alien to Area 51, commanded by Major Mitchell ( Adam Baldwin ). Area 51 conceals a top secret facility housing a repaired alien attacker ship and three dead alien bodies. The president arrives and is given a tour by Dr. Brackish Okun ( Brent Spiner ), the head scientist at the facility. Okun tells the group that the aliens' biochemistry is similar to our own, and they can breathe our air. They don't seem to use sound to communicate, however; the Area 51 staff believes they communicate telepathically. Attempts have been under way since the late 1960s to repair the attacker ship and with the arrival of the mother ship, the systems in the attacker have reactivated. When Okun removes an outer biomechanical suit from the alien Hiller captured, the living being inside is revealed. The creature regains consciousness and kills most of the examining crew, and because it has no vocal cords, it makes use of Dr. Okun's voice to communicate with President Whitmore, who is outside the glass windows of the lab. Its first words are "Release me." President Whitmore poses a question to the alien, asking if the people of Earth and their invaders can live in peace. The creature says "No peace." When the president asks the creature what it wants them to do, it responds, "Die." It uses its telepathic powers to invade president's mind, which briefly incapacitates him. The military personnel shoot the alien through the glass, with Major Mitchell stepping through the broken glass and delivering a final head shot. Dr. Okun is left in a coma. During the instant that President Whitmore was immobilized, he was able to read the thoughts of the alien and learned of their plan: they attack planets, kill off any indigenous life, use up the resources, then move on. "They're like locusts," he says. President Whitmore issues very clear orders to "nuke the bastards." B-2 Spirit bombers are deployed, with the first destroyer targeted one that is hovering over a deserted Houston, TX. The weapon explodes, but proves ineffective at penetrating the craft's force field and destroys the city instead; as a result, the president orders the remaining bombers called back. First Lady Marilyn Whitmore ( Mary McDonnell ) had been on a working trip to Los Angeles and got caught up in the destroyer attack there. Captain Hiller's exotic dancer girlfriend, Jasmine Dubrow ( Vivica A. Fox ), rescues Mrs. Whitmore when she comes across the wreckage of the helicopter the first lady had been attempting to escape in. Captain Hiller later finds Jasmine, her son Dylan, and the first lady camped out in the remains of El Toro MCAS and flies them in a helicopter to Area 51. A doctor tells the president that his wife has uncontrollable internal bleeding. When the President goes in to see her, he says, "The doctors say you're gonna be just fine." She smiles and responds softly, "Liar." She dies not long after that. David Levinson is found by his father, drunk and furiously making a mess in the hanger, yelling about how the nuclear attack over Houston will only add to the destruction of Earth. Julius tries to comfort his son, telling him that he's been lax in his faith in Judaism since David's mother died. He tells David to get off the chilly floor so he won't "catch cold". David has an epiphany and wakes up a tech sleeping in the hanger. David has everyone gather in the hanger and demonstrates to the crowd how the attacker ship's shield works. He then activates a program on his laptop, that deactivates the ship's shield, making it effortless for Major Mitchell to shoot a soda can he placed on it. David suggests a plan that involves using the newly operable alien attacker to gain access to the interior of the alien mother ship in space in order to introduce a computer virus that will disable the protective shields around the destroyers and attackers on Earth. Once the computer virus takes effect, the attackers and destroyers will be left vulnerable and a single nuclear weapon could be used to destroy the mothership. Hiller volunteers to pilot the attacker, with Levinson accompanying him to upload the virus to the mother ship. Before the mission, Hiller and Jasmine take a few minutes to get married, with Dylan as ringbearer and David Levinson and Connie Spano as witnesses. David and Connie reconnect during the service and hold hands. With satellite communications knocked out, the Americans must use Morse code to coordinate an attack with the remaining forces around the world, timed to occur when the invaders' shields are set to fail. Lacking enough military pilots to fly all available aircraft, the commanders call for volunteer pilots. Those who step up include President Whitmore and Russell Casse, who both have previous combat flight experience. Hiller and Levinson reach the mother ship and implant the virus. President Whitmore leads the American jet fighters against the alien destroyer approaching Area 51. Although the aliens now lack shields, the squadron's supply of missiles is quickly exhausted against the colossal craft and its large complement of assault ships. The underside of the alien craft opens up as its directed energy weapon prepares to fire on the base. The president fires a missile at the cannon but it connects and explodes with a protective hatch. Just as the squadron is informed that all their missiles have been fired, Russell Casse radios in saying he has one final rocket. As he launches it, his firing mechanism jams; he decides to pilot his aircraft into the alien weapon in a kamikaze attack. The explosion causes a chain reaction which annihilates the ship. Human resistance forces around the world use the same weak point to destroy the remainder of the alien ships. While still on the mother ship, Hiller is unable to disconnect from a docking clamp. Knowing they need to still fire the nuke, the two smoke cigars and thank each other for their efforts. They launch the nuke which penetrates a nearby control center. Hiller's ship is suddenly free and he furiously pilots it toward the portal they entered, narrowly escaping when the doors close. The bomb explodes, instantly destroyed the mother ship. Hiller and Levinson are caught up in the shockwave and debris of the mother ship's explosion, but are able to return to Earth unharmed, crash-landing the alien fighter in the desert close to Area 51. When they emerge from the smoke and dust to join their waiting friends, they're both smoking cigars. The film ends as the everyone watches debris from the mother ship enter the atmosphere like shooting stars. 
 Matinee (1993)431) A small-time film promoter releases a kitschy horror film during the Cuban Missile Crisis. A showman introduces a small coastal town to a unique movie experience and capitalises on the Cuban Missile crisis hysteria with a kitschy horror extravaganza combining film effects, stage props and actors in rubber suits in this salute to the B-movie. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> In 1962, in Key West, the local movie theater has scheduled the preview of the low budget "Mant" about a man transformed in ant after a nuclear accident. The B-Horror Movie producer Lawrence Woolsey and the lead actress Ruth Corday come themselves to the town to promote the film. Meanwhile, there is the Cuban Missile Crisis affecting the lives of the locals. Woolsey brings state-of-art equipment for special effects that cause havoc among the residents that believe Cuba might be attacking Key West. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In October 1962, teenager Gene Loomis (Simon Fenton) and his younger brother, Dennis (Jesse Lee), move to Key West, Florida, when their father is deployed to work on a submarine just off the naval base. Shortly after their arrival, a televised speech by U.S. President John F. Kennedy announces the threat of an impending nuclear attack from Cuba, and panic strikes the nation. At school, Gene and his classmates perform an air raid drill by crouching in the hallways, but an outspoken liberal student named Sandra (Lisa Jakub) refuses to participate and warns her peers about the real dangers of radiation. Gene bonds with a boy named Stan (Omri Katz) over his love of horror films, and the two make plans to see B-movie producer Lawrence Woolsey's latest feature, Mant, about a man who has been transformed into an ant as a result of an atomic mutation. Stan introduces Gene to his crush, Sherry (Kellie Martin), and encourages his new friend to invite a girl to the screening. Later, Gene and Stan watch as frightened townspeople swarm the grocery store frantically purchasing food to prepare for imminent nuclear destruction. Gene's mother (Lucinda Jenney) suggests he distract Dennis by taking him to see a light-hearted comedy film at the local movie theater. Bored, the boys walk out of the screening and encounter two men named Herb (Dick Miller) and Bob (John Sayles) protesting Mant's tactless subject matter. Lawrence Woolsey (John Goodman) appears among the crowd of onlookers, having recently arrived in town to promote the picture. He hands out a stack of free passes so the citizens can decide for themselves whether or not his films should be considered objectionable. At home, Gene looks through his horror movie magazines and recognizes one of the protesters as Herb Denning, a minor player in Woolsey's pictures. The next morning, the seemingly wholesome Sherry tells Stan about her former relationship with an older guy, a juvenile delinquent named Harvey Starkweather (James Villemaire). Seeing Sherry with Stan, the angry and jealous Harvey corners the boy and threatens him if he pursues the relationship. Meanwhile, Gene strikes up an awkward conversation with Sandra, who received a week of detention for acting out during the air raid drill. After school, Gene asks Woolsey about Herb Denning, and the filmmaker explains he hired him to stir up interest in the movie, never expecting he would be recognized. In preparation for the screening, Woolsey outfits the theater with electric buzzers, smoke machines, and earthquake simulators, hoping his "AtomoVision" and "RumbleRama" experience will exploit the heightened sense of fear gripping the audience. Meanwhile, Harvey has a run-in with Herb and Bob and attempts to steal money from them, only for the two men to rough up Harvey to get their money back. Harvey decides to look for a real job to earn money to win Sherry back. That night, Stan makes up an excuse to cancel his date with Sherry, but Sherry's younger brother blackmails her into seeing Mant with him instead. On Saturday afternoon, Gene, Dennis, and Stan join the long line outside the theater. When Sherry arrives with her brother and sees Stan with his friends, she reprimands him for lying to her. Inside, Woolsey's muse, Ruth Corday (Cathy Moriarty), poses as a nurse and forces the attendees to sign liability agreements, warning that the film may "scare them to death." Gene sees Sandra across the lobby and offers to sit with her, while Harvey Starkweather is recruited to control the special effects switchboard during the screening. Once the film starts, theater chain owner Mr. Spector (Jesse White) watches in delight as the gimmicky effects cause the audience to scream. Gene runs into Sherry in the lobby and explains Stan's evasiveness, which prompts Sherry to apologize. During a particularly scary scene, Harvey sneaks into the theater wearing a "Mant" suit and terrorizes the audience, but becomes enraged when he sees Stan and Sherry kissing. Harvey attacks Stan and flees, but the children chase him downstairs to the basement and find the paranoid theater manager's fully equipped fallout shelter. Gene unknowingly activates the door, which locks before he and Sandra can escape. Hearing the thundering effects of the film upstairs, the two mistakenly believe an atomic bomb has already been dropped and fear they are the only survivors responsible for carrying on the human race. They kiss, but are interrupted when Woolsey, Gene's mother, and Sandra's parents break down the door and see the two teens in a romantic embrace. As part of his costumed performance as "Mant," Harvey grabs Ruth Corday and drags her out of the theater holding a knife at her throat. Backstage, he demands compensation for the job and kidnaps Sherry. During the climactic scene of Mant, Woolsey and Gene notice the upper balcony is about to collapse due to the excess weight of too many people on the balcony, but the audience is convinced the world is ending and quickly scrambles to get out of the theater before disaster strikes. Dennis, however, remains trapped upstairs as the balcony detaches from the wall. Gene runs to help, and slowly coaxes his brother to safety. Outside, police arrest Harvey, and Sherry kisses Stan. When the audience realizes they have not been bombed, they delight in the experience and demand to see the film again, unaware the venue has been destroyed. Mr. Spector congratulates Woolsey on his success and eagerly begins brainstorming ideas for their next sensationalist picture. Sometime later, the Loomis family is relieved to learn that the Cuban Missile Crisis has ended and their father will soon return. Gene and Sandra say goodbye to Woolsey and Ruth, who drive to their next opening in Cleveland, Ohio. 