nm0000109:

 BASEketball (1998)Summaries Two childhood friends are pro athletes of a national sport called BASEketball, a hybrid of baseball and basketball, and must deal with a greedy businessman scheming against their team. Two losers from Milwaukee, Coop & Remer, invent a new game playing basketball, using baseball rules. When the game becomes a huge success, they, along with a billionaire's help, form the Professional Baseketball League where everyone gets the same pay and no team can change cities. Coop & Remer's team, the Milwaukee Beers is the only team standing in the way of major rule changes that the owner of the Dallas Felons wants to institute. Kelvin Cabrera-Castellar <kelvinc@concentric.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nash Bridges (19962001)Summaries A smart alecky San Francisco, California cop and his get rich quick scheme of a partner keep tabs on crime and take down the bad guys in the Bay Area. Nash (Don Johnson) is a smart-alecky police inspector, who's seen fighting crime on the streets of San Francisco, California, while driving around in his screaming yellow 1970ish Plymouth Hemi Barracuda. He's the typical super-cop on the beat, who always wins in the end. Unfortunately, his personal relationships leave much to be desired. He has two ex-wives, a sixteen-year-old daughter needing a lot of supervision, and a father with Alzheimer's disease who keeps getting kicked out of retirement homes and dropping by to visit. NASH-B Discussion List Moderators <nash-b-request@bayne.com> Nash Bridges (Don Johnson) is a celebrated veteran police officer, and head of the SIU Department of the San Francisco, California Police Department. With his best friend and partner for life Joe Dominguez (Richard Anthony "Cheech" Marin), and his loyal crew of law enforcement, they're the best of the best in taking down the crime that plagues the city. From powerful people of immense wealth right on down to scum at the bottom of the ladder, Bridges will take them down in his lifelong devotion to the law. But aside from his professional exploits, he's a divorced single father with a young teenage daughter ahead of her time, a father whose attitude refuses to confine himself to a nursing home, and relationships that never quite solidify because of his career. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Heaven or Vegas (1998)Summaries A dancer etc. in Vegas dreams of being saved by a knight in white armor. A gigolo saves her. The two lost souls go on a road trip to Montana to start a new life. Rachel, a part-time call girl, consumed with fairy tales, is taken off the streets of Las Vegas by Navy, a high-class gigolo in search of a new way of life in Montana. Along the way, the couple is sidetracked when they decide to stop at the home Rachel ran away from six years ago. Navy nearly falls for Rachel's gorgeous and "virginal" step-sister, Lilli. Heartbroken, Rachel runs away just as Navy realizes she is the one for him. He dramatically rescues her from psychotic drifters. Amanda Lowe <daro@meditnet.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baywatch: Hawaiian Wedding (2003 TV Movie)Summaries Baywatch is busy saving lives at a beach near LA. They're invited to Mitch's Hawaii wedding with Allison, who looks like his dead ex. His ex-wife wants him back. CJ/Pam A. has a resort bar there. Mitch Buchannon didn't die in a boat explosion in the 10th season but has been recovering from amnesia in Los Angeles. Mitch returns to Hawaii to get married again! His new fiance Allison looks a lot like Lt. Stephanie Holden, a past love. Little does he know, Allison is cooperating with Mason Sato who appeared in the show's 2nd season and now returns for revenge. The Baywatchers are invited to Hawaii by CJ. She's opening CJ's Bar & Grill at the Turtle Bay Resort. Coincidentally, Caroline Holden is already there filming a soap opera. Neely Capshaw (ex-Mrs. Buchannon) comes to Hawaii to stop the wedding. She wants Mitch back! robbob-3 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 