nm0003232:

 Saving Silverman (2001)651) A pair of buddies conspire to save their best friend from marrying the wrong woman. Two dim-witted former high school buddys and Neil Diamond fanactics, Wayne and J.D., plot to keep their friend Darren from marrying the wrong woman, a domineering and spiteful psychologist named Judith by kidnapping her and trying to set Darren up with his old high school girlfriend Sandy who plans to become a nun. Matthew Patay Darren, JD, and Wayne are best friends and Neil Diamond fanatics. Their lives are going well up until Darren begins a relationship with Judith, an a tyrannical psychologist who forces him to cut his ties with JD and Wayne. When JD and Wayne learn that Darren and Judith are engaged, they come up with a plan to kidnap Judith and hook Darren up with his high school love, Sandy. However, Judith is always one step ahead of the two bozos. Sam Darren Silverman, Wayne LeFessier, and J.D. McNugent, lovable losers, have been best friends since the fifth grade, Darren the hopeless romantic, Wayne the one whose thoughts of grandeur always fall short, and J.D. the socially unaware, slightly overweight one who is always sidetracked by food. Something that ties them together is their love of all things Neil Diamond , they performing covers of his songs in their tribute band. Darren has always felt that Sandy Perkis, the two who were on the cheerleading squad together in high school, was the only woman for him, he, never acting on his feelings, missing his chance with her when she and her circus family moved away. However, he believes he has met his new soul mate in the form of beautiful psychologist, Judith Fessbeggler. In his love for her, he cannot see that she is a controlling b****, she only wanting him as her sexless slave. Part of that control is wanting Wayne and J.D., who she considers pigs, out of Darren's life. Not wanting to lose their friend to who they can see is an evil woman, Wayne and J.D. do whatever they can for Judith to exit Darren's life, if not on her own volition, then forcibly. On the flip side, they have to make Darren forget about her, which they believe is easier if there is another woman on the horizon, the most likely candidate in their minds being Sandy. Sometimes not having the moxie to do what they need to do to carry out their rough sketch of a plan, they enlist the help of who was Wayne's high school football coach, Mr. Norton, the type of man who will use a machete when a pen knife is more appropriate. Huggo Darren, J.D. & Wayne have been best friends since the fifth grade. They are Neil Diamond fanatics and even have a cover band. Darren, still looking for the right one meets Judith, a psychologist who tries to "whip" Darren. She decides to force Darren to dump J.D. & Wayne as his best friends as well as breaking up their band. After hearing about Darren's engagement to Judith, the decide to kidnap Judith, and try to set Darren back up with his old flame, Sandy before she becomes a nun and Darren marries Mrs. Wrong!!! Ryan Harder <hotshotharder@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Neil Diamond is the man of this film and is what brings the group of friends together, Darren Silverman (Jason Biggs), Wayne Lefessier (Steve Zahn) and J.D McNugget (Jack Black). When the group have just finished performing a song from their Neil Diamond tribute band they go to a bar to relax. A woman walks in and Wayne and J.D persuade Darren to go try and talk to her. He goes after a little more persuasion (lying) from Wayne who says she 'wants him'. She quickly denies him and he accidently leaves his bottle of beer on the table. Another, more repulsive, man comes over to try and hit on her and Darren comes back for his beer where the woman sits him down and pretends he is her boyfriend just to get rid of the other man. They spend the night talking and eventually end up in a realtionship. However, Darren's realtionship with Judith (Amanda Peet) means he spends no time at all now with his two best friends. Darren tries to get Judith and his friends to become aquainted and perhaps even become friends but this plan is a disaster and leaves Wayne and J.D with no Darren. They come up with several different ideas to try and get Darren back including 'cheating' photographs and breaking and entering. All of these plans are foiled but there is one plan that they hope will work. In high school Darren was in love with another girl, Sandy Perkus (Amanda Detmer) and she is back in town so the two guys try to persuade her and Darren to get back together. Then they kidnap Judith and tell Darren she is dead so that he will get back together with Sandy and they can all be friends again. But Judith knows it is Wayne and J.D that have kidnapped her so she eventually figures out a way to get out and when she does she sees that Sandy and Darren are back together but Darren had promised Judith they would get married so they still carry on with the wedding after Sandy runs away to finish becoming a nun. Wayne and J.D are put in jail for kidnapping but are then broken out by their former gym teacher, they then go and stop Sandy from becoming a nun and tell her Darren still loves her, then they kidnap Neil Diamond in the assumption that he will help get them back together and then they go to the wedding. Neil Diamond plays for them and Darren realises the error of his ways and goes back to Sandy. Judith, heartbroken, then turns and goes with Wayne, and J.D and the coach admit that they are gay and they go together. On stage that night Neil Diamond weds Darren and Sandy, Wayne and Judith, and J.D and the coach. The film ends on a humourosly happy ending. 
 RV (2006)431) Bob Munro and his dysfunctional family rent an RV for a road trip to the Colorado Rockies, where they ultimately have to contend with a bizarre community of campers. The executive Bob Munro is stressed, feeling threatened of losing his job and his lifestyle, since his abusive boss Todd Mallory hired the Stanford's geek Laird to work in their soda's company. Bob has promised his wife Jamie Munro, his teenage daughter Cassie Munro and his young son Carl Munro to spend vacations in Hawaii, but Todd demands him to prepare a presentation and attend a business meeting with the owners of a family company in a merging operation scheduled in the same period. Bob hides the truth to his family, rents a recreational vehicle and tries to convince his dysfunctional family that a road trip to the Colorado Rocky Mountains would be good to bring old values back to their family. After many incidents and while in the trailers parking area, the rookie Bob is helped by the bizarre but friendly Gornicke family. They escape from the Gornickes and initiate a journey of difficulties and leaning, retrieving their forgotten family bonds. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil With his back to the wall, the otherwise doting paterfamilias but overworked soft-drink company executive, Bob Munro, reluctantly agrees to trade his much-anticipated family-bonding vacation in Hawaii with a road trip to Colorado's Rocky Mountains. Of course, neither his wife, Jamie, nor his two teenage kids, Cassie and Carl, know that Bob has a hidden agenda; one that involves not only the Munros' comfortable lifestyle but also Bob's very future in the firm. As a result, Bob rents the biggest RV he could find, and hits the road along with his not-so-impressed family, only to soon realise that anything that can go wrong, will go wrong. Now, a pressing deadline threatens the family's unity. Can the Munros survive the holidays from hell, and in the process, rediscover the importance of spending time together? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It begins with Bob Munro (Robin Williams) having a conversation with his 5-year-old daughter Cassie (Erika-shaye Gair) at their home in Los Angeles. After some shenanigans, Bob's wife Jamie (Cheryl Hines) walks in carrying their 2-year-old son Carl. It concludes with Bob saying to Cassie "No matter what happens, we'll always be best friends." Now, ten years later, Bob is driving a BMW X5 with his family riding along, with 15-year-old Cassie (Joanna "Jojo" Levesque) asking Bob when he became such a loser. Cassie is a typical teenager who wants little to do with Bob or Jamie. Carl (Josh Hutcherson) is now 12-years-old. And the family has planned to take a vacation to Hawaii. They're on their way to go pick up Cassie's friend Gretchen (Veronika Sztopa) at Gretchen's house, and apparently Cassie has no idea where Gretchen lives, but Cassie remembers a fountain close to Gretchen's house. After picking Gretchen up, the family ends up at a corporate get-together in a backyard BBQ type atmosphere. Bob works for a beverage company called Pure Vibe Soda, and his boss is Todd Mallory (Will Arnett). Bob suggests that Cassie and Gretchen make small talk with Mr. Mallory, so they do. However, it ends up going horribly wrong, as the only reason Gretchen wanted to tag along was to accuse Mr. Mallory in person of contributing to the bad health of children nowadays, and also accuses Mr. Mallory of causing the company to have a poor environmental record. Gretchen ends her rant by throwing a glass of green goop in Mr. Mallory's face. Later, Bob and the family drop Gretchen off at her house, and Gretchen merrily thanks them for inviting her to go with them. Bob makes a quick movement as if to run Gretchen over, and Jamie says "Don't." The Munros go home. It seems that Bob and the kids don't communicate as well as they used to. But Bob and the family are very much looking forward to the trip to Hawaii, even though Bob fears that Mr. Mallory is grooming a young co-worker named Laird (Richard Cox) to take Bob's place at the company. On the next day, Bob is at the office, with Mr. Mallory talking to him. Mr. Mallory says that he was considering firing Bob after what Gretchen did, but Mr. Mallory has decided instead to give Bob a second chance by sending him to a meeting in Colorado. Bob reminds Mr. Mallory of his family's plan to go to Hawaii, but Mr. Mallory basically tells Bob to cancel the trip to Hawaii and go to the meeting in Colorado if he wants to keep his job. Pure Vibe Soda wants to merge with a small Colorado-based company called Alpine Soda, which is run by Larry Moiphine (Rob LaBelle) and his brother Garry (Brian Markinson). It seems that Garry and Larry are getting cold feet about the merger, so Mr. Mallory wants Bob to go to Colorado with him and convince Garry and Larry to go through with the merger. A day or two after Bob's talk with Mr. Mallory, Cassie is sitting on the couch when a big green RV pulls up in front of the house. Jamie and the kids are shocked that the Hawaii vacation has been canceled, and that Bob has decided to rent an RV and drive the family to Colorado with him. This doesn't sit well with Jamie and the kids, but Bob convinces Jamie that it's for quality time with their kids, and she reluctantly agrees. Bob calls in sick to the office so he and the family can get a head start to Colorado in the RV. The family packs up, and gets in the RV. Bob has extreme difficulty getting his seatbelt on. After finally getting his seat belt on, Bob disastrously tries to get the RV turned around so they can leave. Bob ends up crashing into some things. Once he gets going, he turns on the RV'S navigation system, which he's nicknamed Lola. Jamie tells him to go straight, while the navigation system tells him to take the next right turn. Bob ends up making a hard right turn to follow the navigation system's directions, and all the stuff that was stored in an overhead cabinet falls all over Cassie, who is laying on a couch. Later, the Munros exit the Value Barn supermarket with supplies, and the RV starts rolling toward a large train of shopping carts, and plows right into the shopping carts. Bob makes a call to the RV guy whose name he cannot remember. The RV guy, Irv (Barry Sonnenfeld), tells Bob that he must have damaged the parking gear interlock and the emergency brake when he maneuvered the RV in front of his house, and Bob must now put chalks under the rear tires to keep the RV in place whenever it's parked. After hanging up. Bob pulls a bunch of shopping carts out from under the RV, and the Munros leave. As Bob is driving along, a shopping cart dislodges itself after having created sparks with its friction on the road. Jamie and the kids are each wearing a headset and singing along with what they're listening to. That seems to be driving Bob crazy. Later on down the road, the Munros stop at an RV park in Nevada, and prepare to spend the night there. Bob even activates the RV's pop-out, which is a section that extends outward from the side of the RV. Bob goes outside to hook the RV up to the electricity, but when Bob opens the electrical panel cabinet, the endless list of instructions make it look so complicated that he thinks he may never figure it out. Carl goes to use the toilet, but can't. That's because the toilet is all backed up. The previous renters didn't empty the tanks, so they have to go to a dump station and empty it themselves. Jamie and Cassie are uninterested, so they set up beach chairs in the lot. The boys go to the RV park's dump station and open the hatch to the pump. several hoses fall out of the compartment. A family behind them decides to help them out with their dumping, because it is quite obvious that Bob and Carl have no idea what they are doing. Bob gets help from a pair of men named Howie (Brendan Fletcher) and Joe Joe (Matthew Gray Gubler). Needless to say, Bob ends up being the victim of a tank eruption. Now covered by the eruption, Bob looks up to see Travis Gornicke (Jeff Daniels) telling him that he shouldn't have let Howie and Joe Joe help him, because Howie and Joe Joe don't really know what they're doing. Travis hoses Bob down with a pressure washer hose, and invites the Munros to dinner with his family that night. Bob thanks him kindly, but says he is in charge of the cooking on their trip, and should get started. Later, while Bob is cooking, Jamie and the kids ask how much longer it's going to take for the food to be ready...not soon enough. They decide to take up Travis's offer. Travis's family turns out to be quite odd indeed. Travis and his wife Mary Jo (Kristin Chenoweth) have three kids -- teenager Earl (Hunter Parrish), 12-year-old Moon (Chloe Sonnenfeld), and 9-year-old Billy (Alex Ferris). Moon instantly gets the attention of Carl, who becomes smitten with her. Bob mentions that Mary Jo is a mobile sales representative for Happy Max, a company that sells musical car horns, and she earns about $60,000 a year, so the Gornickes can afford to be an RV family, living in their red and white RV, traveling the country. The Gornicke family ends the night with a song and dance number. The Munros run away from the Gornickes, and say that they are early risers, also saying that they appreciate dinner, but won't be able to see the Gornickes again. Bob has to prepare a proposal for the meeting with Larry and Garry, so that night, Bob sneaks off to the RV park's bathroom and goes into a stall to work on the proposal on his laptop computer. Billy enters the restroom and talks to Bob for a few seconds. It seems that Billy has a sleep disorder, and as a result, he hasn't slept since he was 5-years-old, so he's just wandering around the RV park all night. He also says that Bob has a nice laptop computer. The hours go by, and Bob is finally done with his report for work, but he can't get any signal in order to send it, so he saves it to the hard drive and snuggles up in bed with Jamie, only to hear the alarm clock to go off about 30 seconds later. The family rushes to get things organized so they can hurry up and leave before the Gornickes make their way over for breakfast. They manage to get out of the RV park just in time, with Bob accidentally knocking the awning off of the RV's door area. The Munros are on the road, and they get stuck behind a slow-moving tractor that's pulling a small trailer behind it. Bob tries to pass the tractor, and almost gets hit by an 18-wheeler. Jamie says that Bob is not that good a driver, so Bob makes another attempt to pass the tractor, and barely makes it. Next, the Munros stop at a gas station because the RV's 80 gallon tank is low on gas. While the gas is pumping into the tank, Bob grabs his laptop and decides to see if he can send the proposal from the bathroom stall in the gas station. But Carl interrupts Bob before he can finish, and tells Bob that the RV is rolling away again. Bob hides the laptop behind the toilet tank in the stall. Outside, Bob finds Travis putting the chalks in place under the rear wheel. Bob and Jamie agree to have breakfast with the Gornickes, and while the Gornickes are in their own RV getting ready, the Munros race off. Before leaving, Bob tries to get his laptop out of the restroom, not knowing that a guitar player named Marty (Brian Howe) has taken it. Marty hops a ride on a truck, and is gone. The Munros drive off, with the gas pump nozzle still in the RV'S tank, because of the haste in which they left. And the Munros end up behind the slow-moving tractor again. While the Gornickes pick up a hitchhiker who turns out to be Marty, the Munros cross over into Utah, and park the RV at another RV park. Jamie goes to turn the oven on for Bob, and finds a raccoon in the oven. Everyone runs out of the RV, screaming. Jamie makes Bob go back in to get rid of the raccoon, but it turns out that there is more than one raccoon in the RV. In the Gornicke RV, the Gornickes find the laptop, and kick Marty out of the RV. At the same time, Bob buys a stink bomb from the guy who works in the RV park's office, and Bob throws it in the RV, causing three raccoons to flee from the RV. But the label on the stink bomb said that the stink could last up to six hours. The Munros are forced to sit in lawn chairs outside, even as a thunder storm moves in, and the rain starts absolutely pouring down. Bob goes to see if there's a place to go to get out of the rain, and he sees a diner on the other side of the hill. Bob slips down the side of the hill, which is now like a water-slide. The rest of the Munros follow him down. After they've reached the bottom of the mountain, they find themselves laughing about it. Maybe Bob is beginning to get his wish for his family to have some fun on this vacation, and get along better. They go to the diner, looking like hell. That night, Bob uses his blackberry to type up another report in the bathroom of the RV. He finishes and ends up climbing all over the rocks outside to get it to send, which it finally does. On the next morning, Bob sleeps while Jamie drives. Later, the Munros hear the musical horn that the Gormckes have on their RV. Bob jolts up out of the bed. Mary Jo tries to get the Munros to pull over because she has the laptop, but the Munros are oblivious to that, and they don't pull over. The Munros head to the Mount Watson RV park in Colorado. At the park's basketball court, Carl happens upon three boys (Giacomo Baessato, Justin Chartier, and Andrew Botz) who are shooting baskets, and they start picking on Carl. Bob comes to Carl's defense, and then has a talk with Carl. Bob realizes that Carl is frustrated because Carl is short for his age. Later, while Bob is using the BBQ grill, Mr. Mallory calls Bob's cell phone. Mr. Mallory wants to use Laird's proposal at the meeting instead of Bob's proposal. When Jamie and the kids decide to take a walk on a nearby trail, Bob pretends to have a really bad stomach problem so he can go to the meeting while Jamie and the kids are on the trail. Bob rushes back to the RV to change and head over to the Alpine Soda company's offices in Boulder. Bob arrives and finds Laird and Mr. Mallory there. Laird starts to give a presentation, but Laird gets nervous and chokes, so Bob takes over and does really well. Bob starts heading back toward Mount Watson, but there's a huge traffic jam because of a landslide, so Bob has to take an alternate route, a rough mountain road called Diablo Pass. On the way up the mountain, Bob somehow gets the RV stuck on a huge bump on the mountain, and then the RV makes it over, only to go plummeting down a hill with Bob holding on to the windshield wipers for dear life. The RV ends up rolling over Bob, but he doesn't get hurt because he's laying right in the middle, between the right and left sides of the RV, so the wheels don't touch him. Jamie and the kids show up to see him lying on the ground. And that's when Mr. Mallory calls Bob. Mr. Mallory tells Bob that Larry wants Bob to come back tomorrow and make his pitch to the Alpine Soda company, all of its employees, at an assembly in Larry and Garry's yard. Mr. Mallory tells Bob that if the majority of Alpine Soda's employees are in favor of the merger, then it's a done deal. On the next day, the Munros drive off to see a scenic view of a lake, and have a family bonding experience. Bob thinks he should take the RV to Boulder get the emergency brake fixed. The kids sincerely thank Bob for taking them on this vacation, and then the RV rolls into the lake, and sinks. Bob goes into the lake to try to keep the RV from sinking, but Jamie convinces him to get out of the lake. Bob lets it slip that the trip to Colorado was for work reasons. Jamie and the kids are pissed off at Bob. Bob walks into the lake and disappears...only to come out of the lake riding one of the bikes that was been hooked up to the back of the RV for the whole trip. Bob takes off on the bike, to try and get to the meeting in time to save his job. Jamie and the kids start walking, and the Gornickes show up. Jamie and the kids get in the Gornicke RV, and they're driving along. Bob is on his bike, on a mountain path, and he sees the Gornicke family's RV, and his family with them, at a gas station. Bob barrels down the hill to try and catch up to them, and ends up coming up behind the RV, and grabs onto the rear ladder. Bob climbs on, loses his $4000 bike, and is now riding on top of the RV. Bob climbs to the front and pokes his head down so the RV slams to a halt, and then they all confront him. Bob talks to Jamie, and apologizes for not being honest with her. Bob just didn't want her to know that his job was in jeopardy. Bob explains that Jamie, Cassie, and Carl mean everything to him, and that what they think about him is the most important thing in the world. Bob also explains that he didn't want to fail his family. Jamie explains that Bob means more to her than just a paycheck. As it turns out, the Gornicke RV stopped at the entrance to Alpine soda Company. Bob is grateful to Travis and the Gornickes for helping him get to the place. Bob admits that some of his behavior toward the Gornickes was wrong. Cassie apologizes to Bob for being so much trouble recently. At the meeting, Bob gives a good speech, explaining how he got to Boulder. As part of his speech, Bob explains that it's an honor to have the Gornickes as friends. At the end of the speech, Bob says that if Larry and Garry merge with Pure Vibe Soda Company, that it would be the worst decision of their lives. Mr. Mallory is irate. He tries to pass Bob off as crazy, and accuses Cassie of assaulting him with the green drink. Cassie explains that Gretchen threw the drink in Mr. Mallory's face because the Pure Vibe Soda Company has one of the worst environmental records in the entire industry. Also, last year, the company outsourced for cheaper labor to other countries. Mr. Mallory angrily grabs Cassie to try to shut her up, but Cassie gets away from him. Mr. Mallory says that Bob is fired, and Carl grabs Mr. Mallory and flips him. Bob looks down at Mr. Mallory, and says "I quit." Later, the Munros are back in their RV, which has been pulled out of the lake. They talk about living in the RV, just like the Gornickes live in their own RV. The Munros get pulled over by a cop (Bruce McFee) on Independence Pass, and they get out of the RV, only to to find that the reason why they got stopped is because Larry and Garry have been looking for Bob. Larry and Garry tell Bob that they have decided that the Alpine Soda Company is going national, and they want to hire Bob to work for them. Bob accepts. Bob is really happy, and then the RV, because of the emergency brake problem, rolls over the cop's patrol car, and Larry's and Carry's fancy car. But things still work out. 
 White Noise (I) (2005)541) An architect's desire to speak with his wife from beyond the grave becomes an obsession with supernatural repercussions. The car of successful author Anna Rivers is found disabled next to the river, the thought being that she accidentally fell into the river while trying to change a flat tire. Her dead body is found upstream several weeks later, consistent with the accidental death theory. Based on incidents around him, her grieving husband, architect Jonathan Rivers, decides several months later to visit with Raymond Price, who approached John prior to Anna's body being found with news that she was trying to contact him from beyond. At that time, John was skeptical of Raymond's claims of electronic voice phenomena (EVP): that he is contacted from the beyond through electronic means - radio, television - which he is able to record. Along with Sarah Tate, another of Raymond's "clients" whose fianc passed away, John becomes obsessed with EVP as he gets more and more audio and video messages, however fuzzy, from Anna from beyond. That obsession takes a slight change in focus when John believes that Anna is trying to pass along information to help others. But the nature of those messages and their connection to Raymond in combination with John learning that not all good comes through EVP leads to the possible belief that he dabbling in EVP in and of itself may be dangerous and the cause of those potentially deadly issues in which he is supposed to assist in helping. John has to decide whether or not to continue with his work in EVP, not continuing which means that he may actually prevent bad things from happening, and continuing which means that he gets his much wanted connection with Anna. Huggo When the unexpected happens, architect Jonathan Rivers has become a grieving widower, wallowing in deep confusion over the death of his wife. But a paranormal expert approaches Jonathan with the unlikely: the ability to hear his wife from beyond the grave. Through a form of unusual communication known as EVP (Electronic Voice Phenomenon), Jonathan will finally be able to see his wife. But in doing so, Jonathan has drawn himself into a much more complex situation when his curiosity becomes an obsession. Only that obsession will have him confront those not of this world, and some of them don't approve of Jonathan's interference with their destructive nature. mystic80 The pregnant wife of the architect Jonathan Rivers is missed after a car accident near a cliff, and the police do not know whether she is dead or abducted. Some weeks later, a mysterious man comes to Jonathan and tells him that his wife is dead and had communicated with him through Electronic Voice Phenomena. Sooner Jonathan is informed by the police that her body was found in the sea near a harbor, and the tormented grieving Jonathan decides to try to contact her using uncontrolled E.V.P and jeopardizing his own life. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The title 'White Noise' refers to the phenomenon known as Electronic Voice Phenomena (EVP). People believe that you can hear voices of the dead in the white noise of a detuned radio and even see faces from the white noise on the television set. Michael Keaton stars in this thriller as Jonathan Rivers, a man who had just lost his wife in a freak accident. Raymond Price (Ian McNeice) meets with Jonathan and tells him that his wife Anna has contacted him from the other side. Jonathan doesn't believe him until he hears Anna's voice on his radio. Jonathan wants to talk to his wife, and he gets all the equipment. There is only one thing that Jonathan doesn't know, there are also bad people on the other side. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) KrystelClaire's outline Jonathan Rivers (Michael Keaton), a highly-stressed professional notices that a strange man is watching him from outside his home and his office. That man tells him that his wife, renown writer Anna Rivers (Chandra West) is dead and at peace, because she has talked to him from the other side. Jonathan Rivers dismisses him violently, but that night two police officers arrive: Anna has been found dead, the cause was not a robbery gone awry because she had her mobile phone and personal items on her. Some time later, Jonathan has not adjusted himself to be a widower, although he takes shelter in his job. One day, Jonathan is with one of the investors (L. Harvey Gold) who has contracted him. They are both going down in a lift when they get stuck and the lights are out. At that moment, Jonathan's mobile phone rings, and it says "Anna's phone". Jonathan gets so surprised that he doesn't pick it up. The lift soon starts working again and he goes on business as usual. However, back home, he checks Anna's mobile phone, still in the plastic bag the police had given it to him in. It has run out of battery. At that very same moment, Jonathan's phone rings again, and again it's from Anna's mobile phone. He picks it up: white noise is heard. Suddenly, somebody hangs up at the other side of the line. That night, female whispers are heard. Also, a message gets recorded in Jonathan's line phone, but he was able to hear it once, as the answering machine will say that there are no messages left after he has heard it once. Jonathan decides to visit Raymond Price (Ian McNeice) at his home. Sarah Tate (Deborah Kara Unger) is there, still with tears on her cheeks. Sarah leaves them alone. Ray tells Jonathan that he is not a medium or a magician. He just records images amidst the white noise and shows him the message of a female voice calling out "Jonathan, Jonathan" over and over again amidst white noise. Sarah offers a cup of coffee to Jonathan and she tells him that she has become addicted to the recordings. Sarah is satisfied, because they have just interpreted that her ex-fianc is happy in the other realm. Jonathan starts tuning in the car radio, at home, always looking for the white noise. One day, while driving, he hears a female voice saying whispering something. Because of that distraction, he almost has an accident while driving. Back at Raymond's home, Jon is left alone hearing Anna and some more voices. Suddenly, angry sounds and images seem to invade the room, but Raymond deletes those in front of Jonathan. Raymond says that not all the voices are nice, that Jonathan shouldn't get nervous and that they are closer to getting an image of Anna. Jonathan goes back home, but Raymonds tells him to see him again fast. When Jonathan arrives, Raymond's home door is open, so he enters. Everything is dark, some figures appear on the tv's white noise, and Raymond is dead - maybe because of fright?. Jonathan calls the police. After the funeral, Sarah helps Jonathan to find Anna's original recordings. Alongside some fun messages, they found insults like "pig... rot". Mike (Nicholas Elia) is Jonathan's only son. He wonders why his father has bought so many tv's all of a sudden, and Jonathan tells him that it's better so that each one can see each fovourite tv programme. Jonathan doesn't pay much attention to Mike, as he's always too busy with the recordings. Jonathan visits a blind psychic, who says that Jonathan's doing a very dangerous thing because some of them don't like how he interferes with everything, and that she keeps on hearing "Willow Avenue". Even though the psychic tells tells him that Anna was pregnant, he doesn't believe her. The psychic tells Jonathan that he's misinterpreting everything. Next time in front of the tv, he watches many different faces, some of them menacing. Jonathan visits Susie Tomlinson (Amber Rothwell), whose mother died when she was born. Apparently, her grandmother has tried to contact her mother, and the former promised to tell her whether she has been able to talk to Susie's mother after her death. Susie says that her grandmother died two days ago, but Jonathan has been receiving messages from her for a week. Mike wonders what his father is doing, but he never gives a clear answer or pays much attention to him. Mike tells his father to be careful. Next time, Jonathan watches Anna tell him to come look for her. When he gets near to the screen, Anna is terrified and screaming. The shadows of three men (Bill Tarling, Chuck Walkinshaw and Colin Chapin) seem to have terrified Anna. A male voice also whispers "Willow Avenue". Jonathan goes there in a wet dark night. Once there, there is a short circuit in a high-voltage cables and pole. When approaching the site of a car accident, Jonathan notices three black shadoes flyting away. Closer, he notices a bloodied woman (Miranda Frigon) trapped within the car, shouting for him to save her baby. The mother dies but the baby is rescued by Jonathan. Carol Black's husband Frank (Aaron Douglas) refuses to listen to Jonathan, who realises that Anna is showing him the future of people who are going to die. Jonathan is sure that he's shown only the cases which he can help in. The shadows appear again amidst white noise. They realise that they have Mary Freeman (Suzanne Ristic), a kidnapped woman on Raymond's tapes. Anna tries to tell them where Mary is, but they can't understand her well. Sarah also appears on the images. That night, Jonathan can't sleep well, and he leaves the door open as he hears Sarah mutter in her sleep. When Jonathan goes to watch, he watches Sarah jumping backwards from the balcony of her home with dazed open eyes. Sarah is still alive, at hospital, although she's in a critical state. Detective Smits (Mike Dopud) wants to question Jonathan later on. Sarah wakes up to say that "it hurts, it hurts". When Jonathan returns home, everything is a mess, but his equipment is still working. He is shown a place before the three strange presences appear. Smits appears after Jonathan has left and gets puzzled over the mess. He distinguishes the terrified face of Mary in Jonathan's monitor. Meanwhile, Jonathan drives like a maniac to reach pier 16, following the images seen. He phones Smits to tell him of the place, but he doesn't seem to understand. At the derelict place, Jon arrives to see many screens and monitors on. A man is lurking in the shadows behind him. Anna's image advises him to leave now. Immediately, the shadows of the three men appear on the turned-on screens. Jonathan sees what looks like the torture tools of a psychopath, who's waiting for him while Mary is tied down. The three presences are present. The psycho is the worker who got Jonathan and the contractor from the lift. He says that the three presences had asked him to bring Anna to them as well. Sarah is turning and tossing at hospital feeling Jonathan's angst. When Smits and other police officers arrive, Jonathan has fallen down three or four storeys and is dead. Mike and Sarah go to the funeral. The radio of the car starts going to the white noise, and we can hear Jonathan's voice saying "I'm sorry", but Jane (Sarah Strange) - who is going to take care of Mike from then on- turns it off. Mike smiles. Sarah, in a wheelchair, if left alone at the cemetery. The breeze blows, it's a sunny day... but then the shadows seem to threaten her. Jonathan appears with Anne amidst white noise. They are both smiling. 
 Romeo Must Die (2000)651) An avenging cop seeks out his brother's killer and falls for the daughter of a businessman who is involved in a money-deal with his father. In this modern day Romeo and Juliet, kung fu action star Jet Li plays Romeo to hip-hop singer, Aaliyah Haughton's Juliet. Li is an ex-cop investigating the murder of his brother, who had ties with the Chinese mafia in America. Aaliyah plays the daughter of the American mob boss. Neither side approves of their romance, so, obviously, kung fu action ensues, with a soundtrack by Aaliyah. Pugnax the Great <pugnax@hotmail.com> The death of Han Sing's little brother catapults him out of a Hong Kong jail to the Oakland-San Francisco waterfront, where he vows to find his brother's killers. His quest lands him in the middle of a three-way deal between Chinese, Black and White "businessmen" who will stop at nothing to create a new money-making stadium. Han finds help from Trish, a woman with close connections to the Black mob, and together they work to find their brothers' killers. Djung Han Sing is an ex-cop who went to prison in Hong Kong to let his father, a Chinese crime lord, and his brother escape to San Francisco. When his brother is killed, seemingly by a black gang headed by Isaak O'Day, Sing breaks out of prison and gets to America to discover his brother's killer and avenge his death. Wayne West <wwphx@hotmail.com> When a Chinese gang lord's son is murdered in Oakland, his brother, Han, breaks out of a Hong Kong prison to find out how it happened and to avenge his death. He arrives on controlled turf, a waterfront run by the rival gang-lords Ch'u Sing (Han's father) and Isaak O'Day, and their respective Chinese and African-American crime organizations. When it is clear that something bigger is involved, Han teams up with O'Day's daughter Trish to continue the hunt for justice. LVJeff Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two rival gangs, one Asian, the other African American, are locked in a fierce and brutal turf battle, vying for control of Oakland's waterfront properties. But when the first casualty is the Asian warlord's son Po, the gang war becomes more dangerous than either side ever imagined. News of the murder gets back to Po's big brother Han (Jet Li - Lethal Weapon 4, Kiss Of the Dragon), a legendary ex-cop currently imprisoned in a Hong Kong jail. In a world of vicious rivalries and violent betrayals, Han has no choice but to escape and declare war himself. But unlike others, who can only use weapons, Han IS a weapon. And falling into his sightlines can be a deadly mistake. 