nm0001705:

 The Animal (2001)321) After receiving organ transplants from various animal donors, a man finds himself taking on the traits of those animals. From the producers of the comedy smash Deuce Bigalow comes The Animal, about a small, wimpy Marvin, who doesn't have what it takes to fulfill his lifelong dream to be a cop. But his luck changes when he's critically injured in a car accident and a deranged scientist secretly uses animal organs to rebuild him. Energized by his new parts, Marvin leaves his weakness behind and achieves instant fame as a supercop. Now a hero, life is going great for Marvin until his animal instincts start taking over his body at all the wrong times. Marvin struggles to remain civilized and be a perfect gentleman with his new love, Rianna in a series of hilarious situations that would drive any animal crazy. Dean Kish, Comingsoon.net Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Marvin Mange (Rob Schneider) is a meek, uncoordinated man who dreams of being a police officer like his dad was. Instead, Marvin just works as a trainee in the evidence room of a small town police station. He tries a few times to pass the physical test to become a full-fledged police officer, but he just can't seem to finish the obstacle course. One day, while left alone at the station, he receives a robbery call. With all of the real policemen out at a softball game, Marvin rushes to the scene himself. Along the way, he swerves to avoid a seal in the road and crashes over a cliff. He is critically injured, but is rescued by Dr. Wilder (Michael Caton), a mad scientist who puts Marvin back together using animal parts. Days later, Marvin is returned to his normal life with no memory of what he has just been through. Suddenly, he's full of life. He can out-run horses, mean dogs are now scared of him, and he doesn't need his asthma medicine anymore. He thinks it's due to his late-night TV purchase of "Badger Milk", which is guaranteed in the ads to make him stronger. One day at the park, Marvin meets Rianna (Colleen Haskell) while she's out walking dogs from her animal shelter. His animal-like tendencies are slowly taking him over. When a frisbee is thrown in his direction, he can't control himself, and he jumps to catch it in his mouth. He goes to the airport to talk to his friend, Miles the security guard (Guy Torry), about his problem. While there, Marvin sniffs out a man trying to hide heroin in his rectum. For uncovering a drug smuggler, Marvin is declared a hero and is made a full-fledged police officer. As days go by, Marvin's animal instincts are becoming stronger and stronger. He often wakes up in strange places, and subsequently, hears about animal attacks that occurred in the middle of the night. Because of these attacks, Dr. Wilder believes that Marvin is out of control. The mad scientist confronts him, takes him to his barnyard laboratory, and explains about the grafts and transplants that saved and changed Marvin's life, and gave him remarkable animal powers with certain problematic side effects. Later, at a party thrown by the Mayor, Marvin chases after a cat and destroys everything around him in the pursuit. Marvin is fired on the spot. During his reprimand, he hears something, jumps into the nearby lake and rescues the mayor's son using powers derived from a sea lion and a dolphin. He is swiftly reinstated. Chief Wilson {Edward Asner) questions Marvin about the late-night attacks on farm animals, because one of witnesses made a police sketchand it is identical to Marvin. Rianna goes to Marvin's house, where he has barricaded himself inside. They spend the night together, but Marvin wants to be tied up so he can't hurt anyone anymore. In the morning, he finds himself untied, because Rianna thought he looked uncomfortable. Suddenly, the police show up outside. Another attack had happened that night, and the police have come for Marvin. Rianna convinces him to run. Marvin escapes to the woods, where a huge chase ensues. The police have organized an angry mob into a search party to catch Marvin. While running through the woods, Marvin finds Dr. Wilder. The scientist tells him that there was another "patient" of his that is out of control, and he is in the woods looking for it. Sgt. Sisk (John C. McGinley) confronts Marvin, and is about to shoot him. Suddenly, the other "animal" jumps from a tree and knocks Sisk down. It's Rianna. Now, the crowd wants to kill both Marvin and Rianna. Miles is there also, and he takes the blame for everything. He has been claiming that there is reverse discrimination with him since he's black, and that no one wants to hold him accountable for anything. Sure enough, once the mob thinks a black man was the responsible party, they don't care anymore, and leave, one man (Norm Macdonald) saying "I'm not going to be part of a mob that kills a black man." Marvin and Rianna get married, and have a litter of children that each look like Marvin. 
 Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo (2005)Summaries Deuce is tricked again into man-whoring by T.J., only in Amsterdam while other man-whores are being murdered in his midst. Deuce Bigalow ('Rob Schneider') goes to Amsterdam after a little accident including two irritating kids and a bunch of aggressive dolphins. There he meets up with his old friend TJ Hicks ('Eddie Griffin'). But a mysterious killer starts killing some of Amsterdams finest gigolos and TJ is mistaken for the extremely gay murderer. Deuce must enter the gigolo industry again to find the real murderer and clear TJs name. Morty_man91 After an accident with dolphins and elders on a beach, the clumsy fish tank cleaner and former gigolo Deuce Bigalow (Rob Schneider) is invited by his pimp friend T.J. Hicks (Edie Griffin) to travel to Amsterdam where he is presently living. Once there, T.J. Hicks is wrongly taken as a whore-men serial killer. Bigalow joins the gigolo's association trying to find the true identity of the murderer and clean TJ Hicks. Meanwhile, he meets the gorgeous Eva (Hanna Verboom), and while dating her, he suspects that she may be the wanted killer. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo (1999)Summaries An average aquarium cleaner house-sits for a gigolo, only to be forced to become one himself. Deuce Bigalow is a less than attractive, down on his luck aquarium cleaner. One day he runs into a male gigolo who asks him to look after his precious fish while he is away on business. However, he wrecks the house and needs quick money to repair it. The only way he can make it is to become a gigolo himself, taking on an unusual mix of female clients. He encounters a couple of problems, though. He falls in love with one of his unusual clients, and a sleazy police officer his hot on his trail. <jgp3553@excite.com> Deuce Bigalow is a fish tank cleaner until he gets a temporary job watching over a gigolo's house. But when Deuce accidentally wrecks the house, he is forced to compensate by becoming a gigolo himself! He takes on interesting clients (a tall Norwegian woman, a rotund eater in drag, a roommate who curses every five seconds, a nurse)...and together with a detective chasing Deuce down... hips <hiphats@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Hot Chick (2002)651) An attractive and popular teenager, who is mean-spirited toward others, finds herself in the body of an older man, and must find a way to get back to her original body. Jessica Spencer is the hottest, most popular girl in high school. Jessica, her best friend April, and a couple of other hot girls Lulu and Keecia visit the mall to hang out and do some shopping. They enter a new age store, where they check out a pair of ancient earrings. Unbeknownst to Jessica, these are magical ones set in ancient Abyssinia. A princess known as Princess Nawa is disgusted by the groom of her arranged marriage and switches bodies with a slave girl by means of an enchanted set of earrings. Since the earrings are not for sale, Jessica steals them. But the next morning she gets a big dose of reality when she wakes up in the body of a 30-something lowlife male, Clive, a career criminal. Clive finds himself in Jessica's body. Now it's up to Jessica (in Clive's body) to find a way to get her body back, while Clive (in Jessica's body) takes advantage of his new body to set in motion a crime spree to put the blame on Jessica! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> A "popular yet mean-spirited" teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's (Schneider). Along the way to finding out how she ended up like that (and how to get back into her own body), she discovers how shallow and cruel she's always been... Anonymous Jessica Spencer, a somewhat mean spirited, popular and beautiful teenager, switches bodies with gas station robber Clive Maxtone one night and wakes up the next morning in his body. Freaked out, she must get her best friend April and two friends Lulu and Keecia to help her figure out what caused this. Along the her journey as a man, she discovers how mean she was and attempts to fix it while trying to get her boyfriend to believe its her. Anonymous Jessica Spencer is a popular, but cruel and spoiled high school cheerleader who wakes up one day in the body of a 30-something man after having switched bodies with a petty crook, named Clive, thanks of a pair of mystical earings Jessica stole from a occult shop, one of which ends up in Clive's posession. Now Jessica (in Clive's body) must find a way get her/his body back while learning first-hand the values and cons of being a man, while Clive (in Jessica's body) takes advantage of his/her new body to set in motion a crime spree to put the blame on Jessica. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jessica (Rachel McAdams), the hot chick, is an over indulged, spoiled but extremely beautiful teenage girl who isn't used to hearing the word "no". Given this character flaw, when Jessica and her friends, her fellow hot chicks, go shopping at the mall, she steals some earrings from a metaphysical store after being told they're not for sale. Unknown to her, the earrings carry a centuries old curse and this is where the fun begins. While pumping gas and admiring her new earrings, Rob Schneider (his character isn't given a name) is robbing the gas station. When he waits on Jessica's car to speed his getaway, she drops an earring which is promptly picked up by criminal Rob. That evening, they both put an earring in their earlobe and while they sleep, their bodies trade places. Now we have Jessica (Rob Schneider) working towards convincing people he/she's not who they think he/she is and the now criminal in a woman's body has discovered he/she has a marketable quality in the form of being a "hot chick". As hard as Rob Schneider's Jessica is working towards reversing the curse, Rachel McAdams' criminal is working just as hard to use it before he/she loses it, including shaking it on a stage for dollar bills. Rob Schneider plays a great hot chick - Rachel McAdams plays a great criminal looking for the next score/scam. Everything these two go through being in the other person's body is funny and indicative of the oddball Schneider's usual fare. While this was never destined to be Oscar worthy, it's definitely just under two hours of escape, smiles and laughter. 