nm0005520:

 The Spy Next Door (2010)541) Former C.I.A. spy Bob Ho takes on his toughest assignment to date: looking after his girlfriend's three kids, who haven't exactly warmed to their mom's beau. Former CIA spy Bob Ho takes on his toughest assignment to date: looking after his girlfriend's three kids (who haven't exactly warmed to their mom's beau). When one of the youngsters accidentally downloads a top-secret formula, Bob's longtime nemesis, a Russian terrorist, pays a visit to the family. Anonymous In high hopes of leading a normal life, the international secret agent on loan to the CIA, Bob Ho, decides to call it quits to settle down with his single next-door neighbour, Gillian, and her three children. However, this is easier said than done, as an emergency leaves Bob--who poses as a seemingly ordinary and uninteresting pen salesman--alone with the kids, while the inadvertent download of classified information on oil, exposes the amateur babysitter to his Russian arch-nemesis. Now, the spy next door must deal with terrorism and the most difficult mission in his career: to win the respect of the kids. Can Bob tackle both? Nick Riganas Bob Ho, a Chinese spy working with the CIA to stop a man named Poldark, has been posing as an importer while dating his neighbor, Gillian, a single mother with 3 children. When Bob captures Poldark, he retires from the spy game. He wants to make a commitment to Gillian, but her children are not exactly warming up to him. When Gillian has to go out of town, Bob offers to take care of the kids while she's away, which proves to be no easy task. Poldark somehow escapes, and it's apparent that some in the Agency helped him. At the same time, Colton (one of Bob's CIA associates) asks him to look at something Poldark had on him that appears to be encrypted, hoping he can crack it. When the children rummage through Bob's home to see what they can find out about him, they discover the file and download it. When they try to open it, Poldark tracks it down and sends his people to take care of Bob. Bob manages to deal with them and then takes the children and goes on the run. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts off with a montage of fights and stunts from Chan's older movies including The Tuxedo and Operation Condor and then cuts to Bob Ho (Chan) waking up. The next shot features his next-door neighbors waking up, with Gillian (Amber Valletta) and her three children, Nora (youngest one and very girlish; played by Alina Foley), Ian ('geeky' and intelligent, played by Will Shadley) and Farren (stereotypical teenager and the oldest, played by Madeline Carroll) all experiencing a normal morning. The family has three pets which consists of a pig, turtle and a cat. Gillian strolls outside with her children to take the two older kids to school and Bob Ho, who supposedly works as a pen importer, spots her and helps her push down the trash can to the sidewalk. The two are shown to be romantic and the three kids are shown to be against it, due to them thinking he is nerdy and uninteresting. Later at night, Bob and Gillian are on a date celebrating their three month anniversary and although Bob tries to tell her that he's a CIA agent, his cellphone receives a message and he has to leave right away. Bob and Colton James (Billy Ray Cyrus) sneak into an American oil refinery and Bob catches the villains, who were trying to put a liquid into the oil supply. After returning to his work station, he informs he is retiring from being a CIA agent to finally settle down and live with his soon to be family. Bob begins removing his spy gear, but Glaze (George Lopez) tells him to keep his watch. Later, through the phone, Colton informs Bob that he sent files found in the Russian base to his computer. The following day, Gillian and the children visit Bob and informs him that her father was injured and needs his hip replaced so she'll be out of town and needs Bob to take care of the children for a few days. Though the children try anything to get out of the situation, Bob believes it'll be a great time to get the kids to like him. While Bob packs his items to go to Gillian's home, the children snoop around the house. Ian runs to Bob's Macintosh and finds a file he believes to be a pirated concert; using his iPod, he downloads it but it turns out to be the files that Colton had sent earlier, a formula to turn oil into dust. Meanwhile, Poldark (Magnus Scheving), the villain caught by Bob, escapes jail and returns to his minions. Poldark discovers his files have been taken and he tracks down the location to Bob's residence. Poldark and his minions set out to recover the files downloaded into Ian's iPod and to kill them all. While at a restaurant, Bob and the children are attacked by Larry (Lucas Till), a Russian spy, who attacks them with a knife, after having lied about going to university and being a poet. Bob fights him off and explains to the children about his true self and that he's a former CIA agent. Leaving the restaurant, Glaze appears and demands for the files with a gun. Bob knocks him out and runs away with the children in the car. In it, Bob discovers that the villains must have traced him with the watch Glaze told him to keep earlier and he leaves it in a rock in a desert. They escape into a hotel where Farren calls Gillian and tries explaining about who Bob really is and all the danger they've been in. Bob tells her to come pick up the kids right away. The next morning, all four go back home and Gillian yells at Bob and exclaims that their relationship is over. As he has unfinished business to take care of, Bob walks off being watched by Ian. Ian dresses up in a spy gear and runs out of the house on his bicycle preparing to assist Bob. Farren watches him go. Bob retrieves the watch and allows the villains to trace him to where he is, in an empty factory-like area. Ian shows up and due to him, the villains catch Bob and tie him up in a chair with Ian. The villains then remove the cameras placed around the place and Farren shows up tied up by Larry. After being interrogated, Bob discovers that it was Ian who had downloaded the files into his iPod at home. Most of the Russians hop on their vehicles to get the iPod, while Bob, with his spy ring with a razor blade, unties the three. The kids run to safety while Bob fights Larry, Glaze and Poldark with Ian's bicycle. After defeat, the two kids and Bob run into the car, take off and drive back home as fast as possible. After arriving, they discover Halloween is taking place. The three run home as the enemies run into the house from the windows and doors. Bob calls the CIA for help while he fights off all the villains, with help from the children. The CIA and Colton arrive right after everyone is defeated already and Ian gives his iPod with the files to Colton. After they all leave, Bob prepares to go home but after the children grow very upset, Gillian decides to stay with Bob. The two are later shown being married and Bob tells Gillian during the wedding that he has another secret to inform her; his real name is not Bob 
 Gamer (2009)321) In a future mind-controlling game, death row convicts are forced to battle in a 'Doom'-type environment. Convict Kable, controlled by Simon, a skilled teenage gamer, must survive thirty sessions in order to be set free. Ken Castle is extremely rich, popular, and powerful since he invented and started exploiting the virtual online parallel reality games. In these games, people can either pay to be a user or get paid to be an 'actor' in a system of mind-control. In the ultimate version, Slayers, death row convicts act as gladiators in a desperate dim bid for survival, which no one has achieved yet. The champion, John 'Kable' Tillman, is scheduled to die just before he'd gain release, but he persuades his teenage 'handler' to hand over the reins so he can fully use his talents and experience. Kable escapes to freedom, but Castle's men chase him. Kable has to fight his way back to Castle's headquarters to challenge his hidden evil plans. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins some years in the future from this exact moment. We see ads everywhere (buildings, walls, bus stops, e.t.c) for the hit game Slayers, and how the star character Kable ( Gerard Butler ) has four battles left before he earns his freedom. We are then shown a battle in progress: a massive shootout inside a factory. Everyone in the game is controlled by players elsewhere. Characters get points for each kill and for saving a teammate. Some characters are shown to be doing menial tasks in the battlefield, seemingly unaware of all the violence around them. 17-year-old Simon ( Logan Lerman ) plays/controls Kable and leads him around the factory. After slaughtering most everyone in his way, Kable gets blasted outside of the factory. Kable manages to run to the safe point to win the battle. Afterward, the surviving characters are transported elsewhere. The other characters congratulate Kable on winning, since he now only has three battles left until freedom. Some of the other characters don't believe that anyone will be released from the game. The producer ( Michael Weston ) and Chief of Staff, Bob, ( John de Lancie ) for the Gina Parker Smith Show discuss their next guest for the show - genius recluse Ken Castle, the creator of Slayers. On the show, Gina ( Kyra Sedgwick ) talks about the achievements of Ken Castle ( Michael C. Hall ). He first created a game called Society, which is basically a Sims game but instead of controlling a fake character, the players control a real person and can make them do whatever they want. You can pay to control someone else, or you can get paid to be controlled. Society quickly became extremely popular and profitable, making Castle the richest person in the universe. Nine months ago Castle created Slayers, a controversial game which is supported by the federal government. Castle defends Slayers by stating that each character in the game, though they are real people, are all death row inmates who chose to sign up for the game instead of doing their prison sentence. If a convict can stay alive for thirty battles, they will be set free (though no one has ever survived that long). Some convicts are sent into battlefields with pre-engineered actions to do, and will be set free if they survive just one battle, but are unable to defend themselves (which makes their death rate extremely high). Also, the games are all televised on pay-per-view. Everyone in Slayers and Society has had nano-cells implanted into their brains, which makes it possible for them to be controlled by someone else. They can only be controlled in the perimeter of the game (meaning after the game is over, they get their control back). After the show is over, the signal is hacked into by Humanz, a resistance group. The Humanz Brother ( Ludacris ) condemns Castle and states that eventually we will all be his slaves if we continue down this road. Castle gets a kick out of it and has his men try to locate where the signal came from. In prison, a convict beats a guard to death and tries to escape but in the end, he fails. Kable sits by himself and thinks about his family. Freek ( John Leguizamo ) sits next to Kable. He talks about how Kable spooks everyone else when he sits by himself and is constantly thinking. He can't believe that Kable only has three battles left. Freek asks him why he's in prison. Kable has a quick flashback of a man bleeding in a room. Later on, while sitting in his cell, someone opens the slot of the door and hands Kable a picture of his wife and child. The female voice on the other side knows that his family is the only thing he fights for. She makes Kable sign an autograph for her son, David, and then takes a blood sample from his hand as proof of authenticity to increase the value of the autograph. Elsewhere, we see Kable's wife Angie ( Amber Valletta ) going to work as a character in Society. Practically all the game characters are dressed in ridiculous and skimpy costumes. Angie is controlled by an obese man named Gorge ( Ramsey Moore ). Gorge makes Angie talk to a male character who is wearing a pig nose. The male character licks and gropes Angie while her attention is to a banner across the street for Kable. Suddenly, Society is hacked into by Humanz who continue to condemn Castle. Castle watches a news report about how the hacking shut down the game for a little while and will cost him billions of dollars. Castle shrugs it off, since the money is just chump change to him. Elsewhere, the convicts for Slayers are being transported to the next battlefield. Sandra ( Zo Bell ) introduces herself to Kable. The guards don't allow the convicts to talk, and so Sandra is beaten. The convicts run out to the battlefield (a city in ruins) armed with machine guns and bullet proof vests. The game begins and the guns are turned on. A massive shootout ensues with people being blown up, shot to death, set on fire, hit by trucks, etc. Kable sees a female convict pre-engineered to walk in the street as the battle goes on and trucks are driving all over the place. Simon has Kable save the convict from being run over, but she just winds up getting hit by another truck. Sandra saves Kable from being killed, but has her head blown off moments later. Simon has Kable fight through the brutality and win the battle. People all around the world cheer Kable's victory. During transport, one of the surviving convicts freaks out, wanting to get out. He wonders who exactly is controlling them during the battles. We see that Simon is a spoiled rich kid with the latest technology at his fingertips. Simon makes himself a sandwich and buys an ammo upgrade for Kable with all the points he won from the game. Simon talks with a variety of girls via instant message. A pair of twins flash their breasts to him and offer money in exchange for playing Kable. Simon refuses. His feed is hacked by Humanz, who show Simon footage of Kable shooting a man in the head in a room. A voice tells Simon that if he wants to talk to Kable, they can show him how. Meanwhile, Castle readies to introduce Hackman ( Terry Crews ) to Slayers. Castle of course has no intention of releasing Kable if he wins two more battles, and so he's purposefully placing Hackman in the game to eliminate Kable. No one will be controlling Hackman, allowing him free reign. A convict, fed up with being controlled, tries to rip the nano-cells form his brain but dies in the process. Freek sees Hackman and tells Kable that he killed a group of people but turned himself in to get in prison. Kable is brought outside for target practice with his upgraded ammo. Kable talks to a guard about being controlled. He doesn't like it, since there's a delay with each control from the player to the character. Later on, Hackman confronts Kable in the locker room with bloody hands. Hackman just killed someone and promises to kill Kable and his family. For the next battle, Kable suddenly hears Simon talking to him in his head. It's supposed to be impossible for gamers to talk to cons. Simon has fun talking to Kable while the battle ensues. Explosions sound off and motorcyclists race through the battlefield. Kable sees that Freek has been pre-engineered to sweep the ground. Freek winds up being caught in the crossfire and is shot to death. Simon remains desensitized and indifferent towards everyone dying, even though Kable reminds him that they're all real people. Simon has Kable search an abandoned parking garage. Kable exits and wants to go further, but Simon warns him that they're near the perimeter of the game. A rocket is fired at Kable to make him back away from the perimeter. Hackman pops up and attacks Kable. He's about to shoot Kable, but the game runs out of time and the gun shuts down. As the guards take Hackman away, Kable tells Simon that if he wants to win, he needs to turn him loose. Angie tries to apply to get her daughter back, but the caseworker ( Sam Witwer ) laughs in her face. With Kable being a convicted murderer and Angie working in Society, he asks if their daughter would really be better off with them. She says yes, but he pretty much denies her application, since the daughter has been relocated to a wealthy family. While Simon buys Kable upgraded armor, his feed is hacked into by Humanz. The Humanz Brother urges Simon to listen to Kable and set him loose. He knows that Castle will not allow Kable to survive. Simon knows that if he were to let Kable control himself, it would be cheating. However, Brother is able to convince Simon to help Kable. In his cell, Kable is approached by the same woman who took his autograph/blood. She tells him that Simon will grant him control of himself, and that he needs to escape his final battle if he ever wants to see his family again. Kable tells the voice that he needs to be drunk. While suiting up for his final battle, Kable finds a bottle of vodka in his vest. He downs the entire bottle before running outside with the other convicts. Kable, drunk, stumbles around the battlefield while Simon unhappily watches. He tells Kable to pull himself together if he wants to survive. Kable goes to the parking garage and forces himself to vomit in an ethanol gas tank of a truck. He then pisses in the tank and is able to start the truck. Before he can drive away, Hackman hangs onto the side of the truck. Kable beats Hackman and makes him crash into a pillar. Kable is pursued by guards in trucks. He manages to kill them and cause them to crash into each other. Kable crashes through the perimeter and runs from the truck just before a rocket is fired at him, blasting him away. The broadcast of the game stops and everyone assumes that Kable is dead. Gina doesn't believe it though and knows that Kable will try to reach Angie. While Angie is controlled by Gorge in Society, Kable goes to her apartment looking for her. Trace ( Alison Lohman ), a member of Humanz, approaches Kable and reveals herself to be the woman he talked to in prison. She has Kable get on her motorcycle and they drive off to the Humanz headquarters. Kable asks why they took a blood sample from him. They used his blood to crack his specific nano-code, which allowed Simon to talk to him (and for the Humanz to eavesdrop into their conversation). They know that Castle is afraid of Kable being free, and so they helped him escape. They want Kable to help them bring Castle down before he makes everyone his slave, but Kable isn't interested. Brother mentions that they know where Angie is. Gina has already located her and follows her in Society. Gorge makes Angie go to a bar where she meets the extremely horny Rick Rape ( Milo Ventimiglia ), who is a previously banned character. They go to a hotel, where he can't keep his hands off her. When they get to their room, Gorge has Angie bend down so that she can have sex with Rick. Angie clearly doesn't want to do it, but has no choice. Before Rick can violate her, Kable shows up and breaks Rick's back, killing him. Kable orders Gorge to let go of his control, but he can't and continues to talk through Angie. Kable goes to the elevator to leave with her when Hackman shows up. He shoots Kable in the chest, blasting him into the other room where characters are engaged in all kinds of S&M. Hackman takes Angie and gets in the elevator. Kable, still wearing his body armor, gets up and races downstairs. Two Society characters get in the elevator and make out. Gorge tells Hackman to kill the other characters, which he happily does. Gorge gets off on the violence while Angie is afraid. When the elevator opens, Kable grabs Hackman and fights him. He winds up grabbing a gun and blows off Hackman's foot. Castle's guards show up and engage Kable in a shootout. Kable asks Gorge where to go, and he has Angie lead him to a rave filled with Society characters. The guards follow and get in another shootout with Kable. A couple of Society characters are killed in the crossfire. They run outside, where Gina pulls up in her van. She tells Kable that she'll help him, and so they get in. Meanwhile, Simon is interrogated by Agent Keith ( Keith David ). Keith tells Simon that the authorities are going through his computer and all his files. He wants Simon to tell him how Kable managed to escape from Slayers. Gina drives to the Humanz headquarters, where they help Angie. They can't take the nano-cells out of her, since they are fully integrated in her brain. However, they inject her with something that will help stop her from being controlled. Brother tells Kable that Castle first tested the nanotechnology on two military subjects Kable and Scotch ( Johnny Whitworth ). Some weeks later Scotch was dead, Kable was in prison, and the project was shut down. The same technology was seen again later on when Castle came out with Society. Brother wants to know what happened during the project, since Castle wanted everything associated with it buried. Castle's goons go to Gorge's apartment claiming to be tech support. Meanwhile, the Humanz examine Kable's memories. During the project, Kable entered a room with Scotch. Kable pulled out a gun and aimed it at Scotch. Kable tried to control himself but couldn't. Castle, manipulating Kable, made him kill Scotch. Angie wakes up and reunites with Kable. She tells him that she tried to stop the government from taking their girl but failed. Trace tells them that the Humanz found out that Castle adopted their daughter. Kable, full of rage, leaves to get his daughter back. Gina runs after him, but he tells her to leave him alone. Gina sees Castle's henchmen arriving and infiltrating the Humanz headquarters. Simon is released from custody after questioning. He goes back home and finds a bombardment of hate mail. Castle knows that Kable will come to him. Kable enters Castle's mansion and sees his daughter sitting in a room. He runs over to her but can't enter the room. It turns out to be a simulation projected on a screen. Castle tells Kable that it's his latest invention. Kable finds Castle controlling several other people and doing an elaborate song/dance number. Kable fights and kills all the henchmen. Kable gets his hands on Castle, but he threatens his daughter. He reveals that he located the Humanz headquarters and slaughtered everyone. He also reveals that he implanted the nano-cells into his own brain years ago. While everyone else is set to receive, his are set to transmit. He can control anyone by thought alone. His plan is to control everyone in the world and make them do whatever he wants. Castle leads Kable to a basketball court, where Hackman is shooting hoops with his new foot. Castle controls Hackman and makes him attack Kable with a knife. Kable brutally beats him (including breaking his arm) and snaps his neck twice to kill him. Kable grabs the knife and tries to use it on Castle, but he controls Kable to stop. Meanwhile, we see that Trace survived the Humanz slaughter. She and Gina broadcast Kable's nano-code to the world, giving a live feed of what he sees. Castle makes Kable slice his leg with the knife. He then takes off his shirt and beats Kable while the world watches. Castle has his goons bring in Angie and her daughter. Castle controls Kable and tries to have him kill his daughter with the knife. Kable suddenly slams the knife into the floor, picks it up, and tries to use it on Castle. Simon has regained control of Kable's body. As they fight for control over the knife, Castle boasts "I think it, you do it!". Kable tells him to think about getting stabbed in the gut. Since Castle thinks about it, Kable is able to stab Castle and kill him. The world cheers Castle's demise. Kable has Castle's technicians turn off the nano-cells, making them free. The film ends with Kable, Angie, and their daughter driving off into the unknown, but free. 
 Transporter 2 (2005)761) Transporter Frank Martin, surfaces in Miami, Florida and is implicated in the kidnapping of the young son of a powerful USA official. Frank Martin is the best in the business. The ex-Special Forces operative hires himself out as a mercenary "transporter" who moves goods--human or otherwise. Very simple, he delivers, no questions asked. Frank has relocated from the French Mediterranean to Miami, Florida, where as a favor to a friend, Frank is driving for the wealthy Billings family. There's very little that can surprise The Transporter, but young Jack Billings has done just that; Frank has unexpectedly bonded with Jack, age 6, who he drives to and from school. But when Jack is kidnapped, Frank must use his battle-tested combat skills to retrieve the boy and thwart the kidnappers' master plan to release a virus that will kill anyone with whom it comes in contact. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Professional driver Frank Martin is living in Miami, where he is temporarily filling in for a friend as the chauffeur for a government narcotics control policymaker and his family. The young boy in the family is targeted for kidnapping, and Frank immediately becomes involved in protecting the child and exposing the kidnappers. Anonymous We find the faithful transporter again carting around goods he usually does not. This time the cargo is again human. After he is forced to turn over his human cargo to a mercenary hired by the Columbian drug cartels, he is fingered as the kidnapper and must work in stealthy quickness to reclaim the boy, catch the real kidnapper and save the entire drug fighting community. Add in far-fetched biological warfare (a la ('Mission Impossible 2')), several Jackie Chan-esque fight scenes and exciting vehicle chases (more than just cars). FMJ_Joker Former soldier turned hired criminal Frank Martin, now living in Miami, has been hired for his latest assignment. Frank has been hired as a bodyguard to Jack Billings, son of Jefferson Billings, a wealthy US official for the US government drug control organization who is attending a conference with the DEA. When Jack is kidnapped by a international crime boss known as Gianni and his associates including his murderous lover Lola and gets implicated in the kidnapping, Frank with help of trusted friend, French police detective Tarconi, sets out to rescue Jack and takes on Gianni and his henchmen, as Gianni infects Jack with a engineered virus which will infect those who come into contact with Jack, as Gianni plans to infect Jefferson and sabotage the conference. Daniel Williamson In Miami, the professional driver Frank Martin is working temporarily for the Billings family, transporting their son Jack while his driver is on vacation. Mr. Billings is an important member of the government and Mrs. Audrey Billings trusts on Frank, who promises to protect the boy. When Jack is kidnapped by a mercenary hired by the Colombian cartels, Frank faces the criminals and the Miami police force trying to rescue the kid. When the boy returns to his family, Jack discloses the real and lethal intention of the abduction of Jack. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Frank Martin (Jason Statham) has relocated from southern France to Miami, Florida. As a favor, he becomes a temporary chauffeur for the wealthy Billings family. The marriage of Jefferson (Matthew Modine) and Audrey Billings (Amber Valletta) is under great strain due to the demands of his high profile government job. Frank bonds with their son, Jack (Hunter Clary), whom he drives to and from elementary school in his new Audi A8 W12.[3] Later, a somewhat drunk Audrey shows up at Frank's home and tries to seduce him, but he tactfully sends her home. Frank prepares for the arrival of Inspector Tarconi (Franois Berland), his detective friend from France, who has come to spend his holiday in Florida with Frank. When Frank takes Jack for a medical checkup, he realizes barely in time that impostors have killed and replaced the doctor and receptionist. A lengthy fight erupts between villains, led by Lola (Kate Nauta), and the unarmed Frank. Frank is able to escape with Jack, but just as they arrive at Jack's house, he receives a phone call informing him he and Jack are in the sights of a sniper capable of penetrating the car's bulletproof glass. Frank is forced to let Lola into the car; they speed away with Jack, shaking off many pursuing police cars. They arrive at a warehouse, where Frank meets Gianni (Alessandro Gassman), the ringleader of the operation. Frank is ordered to leave without Jack. He discovers an explosive attached to the car and succeeds in removing it prior to detonation. Jack is returned to his family after the payment of a ransom, but unknown to them and Frank, Jack has been injected with a deadly virus that will eventually kill anyone who the child breathes on. Suspected by everyone except Audrey of being one of the kidnappers, Frank tracks down one of the fake doctors, Dimitri (Jason Flemyng), with Tarconi's assistance. Frank pretends to infect Dimitri with the same virus, then lets him escape. Dimitri panics and hurries to a lab to get the cure killing Tipov, with Frank following behind. Frank kills Dimitri, but when Frank refuses to bargain with him, the doctor in charge of the lab hurls the only two vials containing the antidote out of the window into traffic. Frank manages to retrieve only one vial intact. Frank sneaks back into the Billings home and tells an already ailing Audrey what is happening. He uses the antidote on Jack. Meanwhile, a coughing Jefferson, the director of National Drug Control Policy, addresses the heads of many anti-drug organizations from around the world at a conference. Frank drives to the house of Gianni, who has decided to inject himself with the remaining supply of antidote as a precaution. After dispatching Gianni's many henchmen, Frank has the archvillain at gunpoint. Gianni explains that a Colombian drug cartel is paying him to get rid of its enemies, and that Frank cannot risk killing him, for his death would render the antidote unusable. Then an armed Lola shows up, leading to a Mexican standoff. Gianni leaves Lola to deal with Frank. Frank finally manages to kill her by kicking her into a wine rack with sharp metal points. Frank tracks Gianni, who is making an escape in his helicopter to a waiting jet. Using a Lamborghini Murcielago Roadster from Gianni's garage, Frank speeds to the airport and boards Gianni's jet by driving onto the runway and climbing onto the jet's nose gear. Frank gets into the interior of the plane and confronts Gianni, who pulls a gun on him. When they wrestle for it, a round kills the pilot and the plane crashes into the ocean. Frank incapacitates Gianni by paralyzing him (rendering him immobile while preserving the antidote in his system), then pushes his captive and himself out of the sinking plane. Boats converge to pick them up. The Billings are given the antidote. When Frank visits them in the hospital, before entering their room, he sees them with Jack, who is joking with them. He silently walks back to his car, where Tarconi is waiting. He drops his friend at the airport. Alone, Frank receives a call from a man who needs a transporter. 
 Hitch (I) (2005)651) A smooth-talking man falls for a hardened columnist while helping a shy accountant woo a beautiful heiress. Pivoting around the eternal game of love, the suave matchmaker and New York City's finest date-doctor, Alex "Hitch" Hitchens, can guarantee that any man can get the girl of his dreams if he overcomes his fears and follows his infallible advice. However, when the timid accountant, Albert Brennaman, enlists his help to catch the attention of the rich and beautiful heiress, Allegra Cole, Hitch will unexpectedly discover his perfect match: the inquisitive gossip columnist, Sara Melas. Now, the self-assured charmer finds himself in need of his services to save his relationship. But, can the silver-tongued expert of romance survive the delicate complications of love? Nick Riganas Alex Hitchens is "The Date Doctor." He helps men to land dates. Sara is a gossip columnist for a New York City tabloid. Both are very guarded around the opposite sex. Despite their natures, Alex and Sara begin a relationship. Complications ensue when Sara's latest scoop happens to be one of Alex's clients. Ken Miller <wkmiller704@yahoo.com> In New York, Alex Hitchen is a kind of sentimental advisor, teaching each client how to date the woman of his dream. His present case is helping the clumsy Albert to date the wealthy and powerful Allegra Cole. Meanwhile, Hitch has a crush on the gossip columnist Sara, who was assigned to write about Allegra. When the best girlfriend of Sara has a love disillusion with a man that Sara thinks that is a client of Hitch, she plots a revenge against Hitch and the misunderstanding leads the two couples to a conflictive situation. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Alex Hitchens, better known as Hitch, is the date doctor. His latest project, Albert Brenneman, is a nerdy financial consultant who fell in love with the famous Allegra Cole. While Hitch helps Albert with his love life, he struggles with is own. He starts falling for work-a-holic, Sarah Melas. After boyfriend problems with her best friend, Sarah labels Hitch with a reputation that he didn't deserve. Hitch proves his love & goes to great lengths to win a love of his own. Leanna Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Alex Hitchens (Will Smith) talking about how men just need that little push to get the woman of their dreams and how he helps them do that. All he needs is three dates and usually after that third date its love - he pretty much can guarantee that. We then see a flashback to when Alex was in college. He is definitely not the coolest person on campus (go back to Fresh Prince era with glasses). He meets a girl and they instantly click and we see them kissing and Alex explains to her how he is in love with her and we think she feels the same (maybe not as much as him), but he finds her in a car with another guy making out. Alex is upset and screams that he just wants to know why this has happened" and all she can say is she is sorry. That basically explains why he wanted to start the secret "date doctor" business. The only men he will help are ones that are referred to him. We also see in the beginning a woman named Sara Melas (Eva Mendes) going back to work from a short vacation with big news about a man who cheated on an heiress named Allegra Cole (Amber Valletta). While Sara was on vacation she spotted the cheating man on the same beach she was at and had to come back to work to write the article for her gossip column in the New York Standard. This pleases her boss and he praises her for her hard work, but questions that she may be working too hard at her job and not at her personal life. She doesn't seem to concerned and blows the subject off. That evening we see Hitch out at a bar with a pal playing pool. Hitch has to prove to his pal that he can get any girl to come over and talk to them and he seems very confident. At this same time we see Sara at the same bar talking to her friend Julie( Julie Ann Emery) Julie is explaining to Sara about a guy she met at a lingerie store and how he said he was there buying something for his mother and they exchanged phone #'s. Sara doesn't buy it and says that the guy was definitely not there to buy something for his mother, but Casey seems desperate enough to believe the guy. The next day we see Hitch standing outside of a building watching an overweight man who is very clumsily eating a hot dog. Hitch is amused at how awful this guy seems and introduces himself to the man who's name is Albert. (Kevin James) Albert explains that he needs Hitch's help in getting to know a woman who he is head over heels for. It turned out to be Allegra Cole (the heiress whose boyfriend was caught cheating on her). Albert also works for Allegra as one of her financial advisers. Hitch is highly amused that Albert would even go as far as to liking a woman like Allegra, but he agrees because he can see that Albert is sincere and does seem to have true feelings for Allegra. Then begins the training that Albert has to do to get close to Allegra. Hitch tells him the first thing he should try to do is something over the top impressive to Allegra. We see Albert in a business meeting with his fellow colleagues and Allegra. Allegra has a suggestion for how she would like to spend some of her fortune and explains that she has a friend named Maggie that is wanted to start a fashion line and she would like 1/2 million dollars to invest in this. The lead adviser says that he thinks it can be worked out, but he wants a month to make arrangements. This disappoints Allegra because it is something she really wants now. Albert speaks up and begins to take sides with Allegra, saying that this is her money, she should do what she wants with it and since she is an adult she shouldn't have to ask what she should to with it. The lead adviser is shocked by Albert's reaction, but in the end Albert said he would just quit this job. He goes back in his office where Hitch is. Albert is so uptight about what happened and takes out his asthma medicine. Hitch and Albert have a scuffle so Albert can calm down. During the scuffle Allegra knocks on the door and tells Albert she is shocked about what just happened, but wants to get with him this week to go over some things about the plan for her friend's fashion line. He nervously agrees while Hitch is never seen behind the door. That night Hitch is back at the bar we saw him before, as is Sara. We see a man coming on strong to her and she politely says she isn't interested but he won't go away. Hitch sees what is going on and comes over and acts like he is with Sara. He asks her how her meeting was and she plays along and the man takes the notion that they are really together. Hitch and Sara have a flirty conversation about dating and they introduce themselves, but Hitch leaves the conversation short, leaving her extremely interested and impressed. The next day we see Sara get a package at her work place. It ends up being walkie talkies and Hitch is on the other line he asks her to go out on jet skis with him. She turns him down once, but he is persistent and she agrees to and then she receives another package from him with a wet suit inside. The date ends up horrific. Will kicks her off her jet ski, he digs up some information about her family history which he thinks she will be impressed with, but it also turns out to be bad, but she isn't too upset in the end and we think they will see each other again. We also see Hitch help Albert plan a day with Allegra. This time they are going to a fashion event to meet her friend Maggie. Hitch helps him learn how to dance properly, but he doesn't get it. The date isn't perfect by no means. Albert meets Maggie, who ends up being a man, so he is a bit tongue tied as to what to say. He also dances awful and reporters capture it with their cameras, but Allegra seems to be having a good time with him. The twist now comes into play. Hitch meets a prospective client named Vance. (Jeffery Donovan) Vance says he just wants to get in bed with someone he met a lingerie store (Sara's friend Casey) and thinks Hitch will be able to help him to that fast. Hitch doesn't like this guy at all and tries to leave, but Vance thinks money can change his mind. Hitch explains that this job isn't to help men like him and leaves. We then see Sara and her boss discussing gossip that got out about Allegra being at an event with an unknown man (Albert). He is upset that Sara didn't get the scoop and wants to know what is going on. Sara finds out that Hitch is the one who got the tickets to this event for Allegra and Albert. She asks him how he knows them. He says he doesn't know them and tries to deny it. Later, Sara asks him to dinner and her boss ends up being there and they both try to get more info on Allegra and Albert. While they are eating Hitch begins to have trouble swallowing and begins to have an allergic reaction to the food. He swells up like a balloon and gets drugged up on Benedryl. Sara again tries to get more info out of him, but he doesn't really budge, but does tell him that the two are going to the Knicks game tomorrow night. Sara ends up going to the game to get photos of them for her column. The next day we see Casey upset about her date last night. She slept with the guy at the lingerie store, but he had left her in a hurry. She said she would like to kick the date Dr. that so called helped the man she went out with. Sara finds the jerk that Casey went out with to see who this date Dr. is. All he can tell her is where she could find him he doesn't know his name. So, she sets this date Dr. up to meet a guy friend of hers on a fake meeting. She finds out that the date Dr. is Hitch and is upset but runs off instead of asking him what is going on. She is so upset that she ends up writing a gossip article on him exploiting the situation without getting the right facts. She also includes Albert and Allegra in this so Allegra thinks that everything was an act. Albert is crushed and Hitch is ruined. Hitch is upset that Sara didn't get the facts before writing the article. She ends up learning the truth and apologizes to Hitch, but he is too upset to accept this and blows her off. Later, we see Hitch preparing to move out of his apartment and Albert comes in to ask Hitch if he can fix this situation. Hitch is bitter about everything and thinks love is over rated. Albert tells him that Hitch was a liar for what he did to all the men he helped. He shouldn't help men out with love if he doesn't believe in it. Albert leaves upset and Hitch begins to think about everything. He decides to help Albert and runs to meet Allegra to tell her that Albert wasn't acting about how he feels for her. that all the dorky things he did on their dates was really him. Allegra believes him and she takes Albert back. Hitch then goes to Sara to tell her his feelings, but he has a difficult time. Now, he is the one needing a date Dr. to get his words right. Sara isn't buying it and tries to tell him to leave, but he doesn't. He ends up telling her how he feels about her, but Sara opens the door and there is another man there. Sara says its to late and starts to leave with the man. Hitch goes after them and he jumps on their car and she finally stops. The man ends up being her brother in law and she takes Hitch back. They have a sweet reunion and in the end we see Albert and Allegra at their wedding. Everyone's happy. 