nm0007776:

 Gagawin ko ang lahat (1998)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Darna: The Return (1994)Summaries Valentina, Darna's snake-haired arch enemy, is trying to take over the Phillipines through subliminal messages on religious TV shows. Darna has her own problems, however, as she has lost her magic pearl and with it the ability to transform into her scantily clad super self. Trapped as her alter-ego, the plucky reporter Narda, she must try to regain the pearl and foil Valentina's plans. Eric "Dramaranger" Hurd <dramaranger@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Aringkingking: Ang Bodyguard Kong Sexy (1996)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dibdiban ang laban (1999)Summaries After earning her college degree, Marianne Alipio (Anjanette Abayari) returns to her small, far-flung hometown to become a teacher for the poor. However she is captured by the rebels as a way to get back at her oppressive father the town mayor (Bernard Bonnin) and her sadistic bisexual brother Dave Alipio (Julius Henson). Gay Combat Boots It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 