nm0003069:

 Deepwater Horizon (2016)541) A dramatization of the disaster in April 2010, when the offshore drilling rig called the Deepwater Horizon exploded, resulting in the worst oil spill in American history. In April 2010, there is no oil exploration operation in the Gulf of Mexico to compare with the Deepwater Horizon oil rig with its size or sheer depth of its drilling. However, the project for the BP oil company is beset with technical difficulties to the point where the general operational supervisor, Jimmy Harrell, and his Chief Electrical Engineer, Mike Williams, are concerned potentially dangerous trouble is brewing. Unfortunately, visiting BP executives, frustrated by the project's long delays, order curtailed site inspections and slanted system tests to make up for lost time even as Harrell, Williams and his team helplessly protest for the sake of proper safety. On April 20, the workers' fears are realized in the worst possible way when the rig's various structural and system flaws spark a catastrophic cascade of failures that would create a massive blowout and explosion that threatens them all, even as it also begins the worst environmental disaster in US history. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) April 20, 2010. Manned by 126 crew-members, the semi-submersible, offshore oil-drilling rig, Deepwater Horizon, is free-floating over the Gulf of Mexico, 41 miles south-east of the Louisiana Coast. But, before long, Chief electronics technician, Mike Williams, and the seasoned rig supervisor, Jimmy Harrell, are shocked to discover that the standard procedure regarding the cement foundation, the only thing between the rig and a blowout, has been bypassed by orders of BP's executives, Donald Vidrine and Robert Kaluza. Clueless about the stability of the well, and whether the integrity of the concrete has been compromised or not, the greedy managers push to start pumping, intent on cutting expenses, and disaster strikes. As a result, an endless chain of malfunctions transforms the Deepwater Horizon into a blazing inferno, while Williams and Harrell heroically struggle to rescue their shipmates in the worst oil disaster in the U.S. history that lasted 87 nightmarish days. Nick Riganas On April 20, 2010, Deepwater Horizon, an oil drilling rig operated by private contractor Transocean, is set to begin drilling off the southern coast of Louisiana on behalf of BP. Chief Electronics Technician Michael "Mike" Williams and Offshore Installation Manager James "Mr. Jimmy" Harrell are surprised to learn that the workers assigned to test the integrity of recently completed cement work are being sent home early, without conducting a cement bond log (CBL), at the insistence of BP managers Donald Vidrine and Robert Kaluza. While Mike prepares the drilling team, including Caleb Holloway, Harrell meets with Vidrine and persuades him to conduct a test, which only serves to weaken the already poorly placed cement further. His patience thinning, and without waiting for Harrell to confirm the results, Vidrine orders the well to be flowed. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with actual recorded audio of a hearing from Mike Williams' testimony following the real-life aftermath of events that inspired this film. Mike (Mark Wahlberg) wakes up to hear his wife Felicia (Kate Hudson) describe a dream she has in which a large rabbit is mimicking her every move. She believes the rabbit was her mother, whom Mike doesn't seem to have liked. After the two get dressed, they listen to their daughter Sydney's (Stella Allen) presentation on Mike that she is set to do for her class. Sydney talks about her dad working on an oil rig and that he "tames the dinosaurs". She asks her dad to bring her back a dinosaur tooth so she can back that statement up. Andrea Fleytas (Gina Rodriguez) is on her way to work, but her car won't start. She tries to fix it, but the engine craps out on her. Her boyfriend gives her a ride on his motorcycle. Mike and Andrea arrive at a base to be taken to the offshore oil well, Deepwater Horizon. Joining them are a number of men, including Jimmy Harrell (Kurt Russell). The whole crew is brought to the well, just as another team is leaving after they were supposed to be doing a cement log. The main crew isn't happy with the other team's departure. While everyone does their job, one of Mike's co-workers presents him with a real dino tooth to bring home to Sydney. He is extremely thankful. Jimmy meets with the bosses, Donald Vidrine (John Malkovich) and Robert Kaluza (Brad Leland), to discuss the other team leaving before completing the cement log. Jimmy wants to do a negative pressure test on the rig to make sure things are running smoothly. They let him proceed after much back-and-forth. The crew working by the drill perform the test on the drill pipe, resulting in a pressure of 1395. Don then has them do a test from the kill line this time, with significantly safer results. The crew then starts to pump out the mud from the system. A large buildup of mud gathers into the pipe, causing it to burst and push the crew off their feet with the blowback. The technicians manage to stop the mud from spewing. However, moments later, the earth shakes and another burst of mud spews through the hole. Methane gasses begin to rise and add pressure until the pipe can't take it anymore, and the result is a powerful explosion that sets fire to the whole rig. Jimmy is injured while taking a shower, and Mike gets knocked backwards after talking to Felicia on Skype. The drill crew work frantically to try and contain the situation, but some of the men are killed from the explosion. Mike works with one technician, Caleb Holloway (Dylan O'Brien), in getting the men out of the rig and onto a lifeboat. Off the rig, Andrea tries to call a mayday, but she is reprimanded for her actions without authorization. The coast guard is alerted to the situation, while Felicia learns about the fire, and she begins to worry for her husband's life. Mike finds Jimmy severely injured with a beat-up eye and a bad foot after a huge shard of glass got stuck in it. Mike carries him upwards to safety, but the lifeboat is full and has taken off without them. Luckily, the coast guard has arrived and has started taking the remaining crew members with them, but another explosion prevents Mike and Andrea from making it with them. They have to climb to a higher level amid the flames in order to jump and make it safely to the boat. Andrea is too terrified to make the jump, even as Mike tries to get her to go. With no choice, he grabs Andrea and pushes her off the rig with her life jacket on. Mike jumps afterwards as well. The two are pulled to safety. The crew is then taken away as the rig continues to burn and sink. The survivors are given medical treatment. Mike is swarmed by reporters outside a hotel, and he is shoved against a wall by a distressed man asking him if his son got off the rig. Mike goes up to his room and breaks down as he tries to take a shower. Felicia and Sydney enter the room to hold him tight. Mike gives Sydney the tooth. Afterwards, Mike and his family leave as he watches Andrea and Caleb reunite with their loved ones, while Jimmy walks in on crutches. Mike and Felicia hug him too. We see actual footage of Mike Williams, Andrea Fleytas, and James Harrell giving testimonies in the aftermath of the disaster. Williams never returned to sea and lives in Texas with his family. Fleytas lives in California and no longer works in the oil industry. Harrell continues to work for Transocean. Donald Vidrine and Robert Kaluza were indicted on manslaughter charges, but they were later settled. The resulting oil spill lasted 87 days and spilled over 210 million gallons into the Gulf of Mexico, making it the worst oil disaster in history. 11 crew members were reported dead, and the film concludes by paying tribute to those men. 
 Jurassic World (2015)761) A new theme park, built on the original site of Jurassic Park, creates a genetically modified hybrid dinosaur, the Indominus Rex, which escapes containment and goes on a killing spree. Twenty-two years after the original Jurassic Park failed, the new park, also known as Jurassic World, is open for business. After years of studying genetics, the scientists on the park genetically engineer a new breed of dinosaur, the Indominus Rex. When everything goes horribly wrong, will our heroes make it off the island? ahmetkozan Jurassic World has been running with great success for more than a decade in the wake of the disaster that haunted the island twenty-two years ago. The park's geneticists have once again broken scientific and ethical boundaries in order to raise attendance for the park, now experiencing a decline in happy customers. Convinced that the new attraction will bring in many more people, but having crossed the line once again, the results may be devastating. Ed Morales Twenty-two years after John Hammond envisioned a theme park full of dinosaurs, Jurassic World in Isla Nublar now features a fully functioning dinosaur theme park. Although it is everything he originally hoped it would be, after ten years of operation and visitor rates declining, InGen scientists genetically engineer a new hybrid "attraction", the Indominus Rex, to re-spark visitors' interest. When their new creation turns on them, will anyone get out alive? Mario Saltalamacchia The new Jurassic World, owned by the corporation of Simon Masrani operates in Isla Nublar, Central America, with dinosaurs genetically created by the InGen Corporation. The workaholic and uptight manager Claire Dearing receives her nephews Gray and Zach in the park, but she is too busy to give attention to them, and asks her assistant to escort the boys. Meanwhile, the dedicated Owen Grady is training four velociraptors, and the InGen security guard Vic Hoskins believes that the animal can be trained for military use. When Owen and two other employees go to an isolated paddock to evaluate the new attraction of the park, the hybrid dinosaur Indominus Rex, the animal lures them, kills the two men, and flees from the spot. Owen escapes and asks Masrani to kill the Indominus, but he believes his security team can contain and capture the animal that cost lots of money. However, the team is destroyed by the Indominus Rex and Claire orders the evacuation of the tourists from the island. But the dangerous pterosaurs escape from the aviary and the place goes havoc. Meanwhile, Gray and Zach are riding a gyro-sphere in the restricted area and Claire and Owen seek them out. With the chaos on the island, Vic assumes command and decides to use the four velociraptors to locate and destroy the Indominus Rex. Will his plan work? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Under new management--and in high hopes of accomplishing the late John Hammond's ambitious dream of a fully operational, and above all, safe, prehistoric theme park in Jurassic Park (1993) --InGen's improved dinosaur park, Jurassic World, has finally managed to become a truly idyllic destination. To jolt public interest, the enormous, fearsome, and genetically engineered dinosaur, Indominus Rex, is the park's latest profit-making attraction; however, when the unmanageable beast breaks loose, it's up to the experienced Velociraptor wrangler, Owen, to stop the increasingly bloody nightmare. Now, Owen, and the two nephews of the park's operations manager, Claire, are trapped in an all-too-familiar and extremely hostile environment, where savage predators rule. Will InGen's men never learn? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jurassic World has been running smoothly with fresh entertainment ideas, as well as developing new species of dinosaurs every few years to keep up with the short attention span of their customers. With their well-funded bravado, scientists like the long-lasting Henry Wu, move to create more terrifying and deadly creatures. When a new species, the Indominus Rex, is created everything goes awry. Claire Dearing, the organized director of the new and refurbished Jurassic World theme park, seeks out the one hope they have, the bungalow-residing Owen Grady. Two children, Zach and Gray, nephews of Ms Dearing, plan to have a nice visit to the park without their parents. Things break loose into immense danger when they encounter the Indominus Rex on board an attraction, the Gyrosphere. While the tourists take refuge, the Indominous still roams disappointed at the loss of its hopeful meal of two kids and a duo of ex's trailing not far behind searching for the children. A man named Hoskins, an employee for the raptor foundation yearns for them one of the agile, smart, killing animals to be converted into bloodthirsty war machines. Trying to take them into his own grasp, he strikes a deal with the once noble Dr Wu and brings in a battalion of his followers to ship them up. Balancing the fate of her sister's kids, the safety and customers of the park, the new breed, and the naive dinosaur seller, Claire and Owen must solve everything before Jurassic Park like its predecessor, dissolves into history. 
 Speed (1994)651) A young police officer must prevent a bomb exploding aboard a city bus by keeping its speed above 50 mph. When a young Los Angeles police department, Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer called Jack Traven angers retired Atlanta police department bomb squad member Howard Payne, by foiling his attempt at taking hostages stuck in an elevator with a bomb, Payne in retaliation arms a bus with a bomb that will explode if it drops below 50 miles per hour. With the help of spunky passenger Annie, Jack and his partner Detective Harry Temple try to save the people on the bus before the bomb goes off, while also trying to figure out how Payne is monitoring them. Jwelch5742 A retired Atlanta Police Department bomb squad explosives expert, called Howard Payne, tries to extort money by threatening to kill some people, trapped in a Los Angeles Skyscraper's elevator, with explosives. The city is about to give in when rookie Los Angeles Police Department (L.A.P.D.) Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer Jack Traven stops him. Jack and his partner, Detective Harry Temple find Payne and corner him but instead of giving in he blows himself up. He is believed to be dead but has actually escaped and tries again to extort money from the city. This time he has placed a bomb on a bus that will arm itself once it reaches 50 mph and will explode if it drops below that speed. Payne dares Jack to stop him and tells whereabouts of where the bus will soon be and the rules of his twisted game. If Jack or the LAPD try and unload any passengers off the bus, Payne will detonate it. Jack tries to stop the bus before the bomb is armed but it's too late; all he can do now is to keep it going. With Harry trying to find Payne and Jack running out of Freeway and gas - This is one bus ride no one wants to miss. rcs0411@yahoo.com Jack Traven is a young Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) officer in the Los Angeles police department. One morning Jack witnesses a bus explode and Jack receives a phone call from Howard Payne, a retired Atlanta bomb squad explosives expert gone bad, Payne has wired a passenger bus to explode, where if the bus speeds at 50 miles per hour the bomb is armed, if the bus slows down and drops below 50 miles per hour the bus will explode. Payne demands $3-millions dollars and Jack or any of the passengers tries to get off the bus, he will detonate the bomb. Managing to get on the bus, Jack with help of one of the passengers, Annie who is driving the bus when the driver is injured, tries to keep the passengers alive and guide the bus through the traffic and keep the bus speeding at 50 miles per hour, as the S.W.A.T team and Jack's partner, explosives expert Detective Harry Temple set to discover Payne's location and find a way to disarm the bomb before the bomb explodes when the bus runs out of gas. Daniel Williamson In a downtown high-rise building in Los Angeles, a psychopathic bomber and extortionist rigs an elevator full of people to plummet into the basement if his $3-million demand is not met. When Los Angeles Police Department (L.A.P.D.) Special Weapons and Tactics (S.W.A.T.) Officers Jack Traven and Harry Temple foil the bomber's plan and rescue the hostages, the bomber retaliates. First he blows up a city bus, then contacts Traven to warn him that a second bus has a bomb attached to it. Once that bus hits 50mph, the bomb is armed. If it drops below 50, it will explode. The bomber also warns Jack that if any attempt at rescue is made, the bomb will also explode. Jack races down the freeway and manages to board the bus. When an accident injures the driver, young bus passenger Annie Porter is forced to take over behind the wheel and keep the bus running at 50 in order to stay alive. Will Jack and his fellow S.W.A.T. members be able to stop the psychopathic bomber - or will the passengers be killed when the bus runs out of gas? Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a downtown Los Angeles office building, a security guard is checking the basement when he runs across a man tinkering with some wiring. Asking to see a work order, the man suddenly stabs the guard in the ear, telling him "Nothing personal." A group of people who work in the building are taking an express elevator down when a few explosions are heard, the cables are severed and the elevator plummets a few floors before the emergency brakes stop it. The Los Angeles Police department dispatch their Special Weapons And Tactics (S.W.A.T.) team, including hotshot Officer Jack Traven (Keanu Reeves) and his partner, Officer Harry Temple (Jeff Daniels). They join their team and their boss Lieutenant Herb "Mac" McMahon (Joe Morton) briefs them all on the situation: bombs have already severed the main cables and the only thing keeping the elevator from dropping to the basement is the emergency brakes but the bomber has wired them with explosives and has given a one-hour ultimatum: pay him $3.7 million, or he will blow the brakes. Both Jack and Harry use building access panels to examine the bomb. Harry, the SWAT team's bomb expert, says the work doesn't look familiar but the bomber is definitely a professional. While they wait, Harry quizzes Jack: Jack is at an airport when a woman is taken hostage. The kidnapper is almost to a plane, what does Jack do? Jack suggests shooting the hostage with a non-lethal wound so the kidnapper can't take them with him. Harry scoffs, telling Jack he's crazy for the idea of shooting a civilian. Musing further about taking the hostage "out of the equation" Jack suddenly comes up with the idea to use a window cleaner's crane on the roof as a way to hopefully help get the passengers off the rigged car. However, the mystery bomber has bugged the express elevator and is listening to everything the pair say and do in an empty freight elevator nearby. Suspecting something is up, he blows the emergency brakes, and the elevator begins to plummet. The crane cable stops the elevator for a short time between two floors, where Harry and Jack manage to get the passengers unloaded before the crane pulls free of it's base and the elevator plummets to the bottom. Harry notes that the explosion happened three minutes earlier than the time limit given. Jack suggests that the bomber is nearby, while Harry tells him that the bomber could have set off the charges from miles away. Harry suggests the bomber would want to stay mobile. With the main elevators having been shut down, Jack deduces that the bomber must be aboard a freight elevator in the building. Harry and Jack soon find the freight elevator and they try to get to him but he has also bugged the outside of the freight car and hears them coming. The bomber, Howard Payne (Dennis Hopper), although his name is not yet known at this point, starts shooting at them with a shotgun, dropping Harry into the elevator car. He uses a control device he's wired to the car's control panel to raise the car to the top of the building, forcing Jack to jump into the car before he is squashed by the roof. Payne is about to shoot Jack but has run out of ammo. He quickly shows that he has wired himself with explosives and holds Harry hostage before Jack can get a clean shot at him. He uses his device to trick Jack and Harry's team into thinking they're getting off on a different floor but they arrive at a parking level instead. Payne attempts to take Harry with him to the building's parking garage, but Jack, recalling the scenario he and Harry had discussed earlier, shoots Harry in the leg, preventing Payne from taking Harry any further and causing Payne to drop him. Payne makes a dash out the door, but before Jack can get to him, the explosives go off, knocking him back. Some time afterwards, a commendation ceremony is held in which Jack and Harry are congratulated for their services and are given medals for their valor in saving the hostages and stopping the bomber. Harry is promoted to Detective and put on desk duty till he's injured leg heals. The pair go to a bar where they and their colleagues celebrate their victory. An inebriated Harry tells Jack to be more cautious in his work because his recklessness could get him killed. The next day, Jack stops into a small coffee shop for a drink. As he goes out to his car, a bus that had pulled away explodes and bursts into flames. A payphone nearby rings, and Jack is surprised to hear Payne's voice on the line. Payne explains that he had spent 2 years planning the 'elevator job,' and chastises Jack for ruining his 'life's work.' The bomber then goes on to explain that he has planted another bomb on an LA city bus, which will be armed the moment the bus passes 50 mph and then will detonate if the bus drops below that speed. Payne also explains that if any passengers are removed from the bus, he will detonate it himself, and demands a ransom of $3.7 million (the same amount he'd demanded during the elevator kidnapping) by 11 am. Furthermore, he knows that the bus' radio is out of order, so alerting the transit authority is useless. Payne gives the bus number, 2525, and Jack takes off to catch up to it. Jack manages to catch up to the bus en route, but when he frantically tries to get the bus driver to open the doors, the driver ignores him, thinking it's a prank. Jack then commandeers a Jaguar and again catches up to the bus. After a mad struggle, Jack manages to relay to the driver that there is a bomb on the bus, and manages to board, jumping from the moving car into the bus' door. Harry is also alerted by Jack through the Jaguar owner's cellular phone. Jack attempts to calm the bus passengers, but an altercation with one man wielding a gun, fearing that Jack has come to arrest him, forces a struggle and the bus driver is shot and wounded. A young woman named Annie Porter (Sandra Bullock) takes the wheel, planning to hit the brakes. Jack sharply orders her not to stop the bus and informs the passengers about the bomb. At the suggestion of the injured driver, Jack opens an access panel in the bus floor, and finds a decoy and then the real bomb, which is alarmingly large. Relaying the info to Harry, Harry is perplexed at Jack's observation that the timer for the bomb is attached to a cheap gold watch. Harry's suspicions turn to the prospect that their mad bomber may be a former officer, and he has his staff start looking over information about officers who have worked with bombs or on bomb squads. Back on the bus, a traffic jam on the freeway forces Annie to divert the bus onto city streets instead. There, with an LAPD helicopter following the bus with Lieutenant McMahon on board trying to arrange a survivable route, the occupants of the bus have a terrifying ordeal as Annie and Jack must deal with every conceivable obstacle that threatens to fatally slow the bus as it is forced to careen through the streets. These include being forced to take a one-way lane against opposing traffic and a collision with a baby carriage that is sent flying but is mercifully only carrying empty cans. Eventually, a police escort arrives to guide the bus to the unfinished and empty 105 freeway. The first entrance, a soft right turn, is blocked by a group of school kids crossing at the worst possible time and Annie & Jack are forced to make a hard right turn that nearly spills the bus on its side. Once on the freeway, McMahon and a number of officers board a flatbed truck that pulls up next to the bus. McMahon wants to get the people off, but Jack explains that the news helicopters in the air are televising the event, and that Payne will detonate the bus if anyone gets off. Jack soon receives a call from Payne in regards to what is being seen on television. Jack manages to get Payne to agree to let the wounded bus driver off, though Payne tells Jack that 'the wildcat behind the wheel' is not to slow down. However, a passenger named Helen (Beth Grant) gets edgy and attempts to get off the bus. As she stands over the entrance-way stairs, the smaller charge is set off and destroys the platform. Helen falls under the bus and is crushed under the wheels. During a few moments of relative calm, Annie tearfully confesses that she was profoundly relieved that the blast was not of the main bomb and she herself survived. Jack reassures Annie that is a perfectly normal human response to an extreme situation and she has nothing to regret while reminding her that the real person to blame is the bomber who put everyone in this situation in the first place. McMahon is then informed that the 105 freeway is unfinished, and a stretch of roadway ahead contains a 50 foot gap. Jack is informed of this but still refuses to take any passengers off. Desperately, Jack then instructs Annie to increase the speed, figuring there may be an incline that will allow them to jump the bus over the gap. Miraculously, his plan works, and the bus makes it to the other side. Once over, Jack finds an off-ramp that leads to Los Angeles International Airport. Annie takes it, and enters through an airport exit, running over a pair of spike strips that blow a few of the tires. Jack's plan is to keep the news helicopter cameras from following them. Because the airport is restricted airspace, they can't fly over it. The long runways that are not in use will also allow the bus to circle and keep it out of civilian traffic and buy time until they can find Payne or deactivate the bomb. Lieutenant McMahon soon shows up at the airport with some more cops and Jack convinces Payne to let him disembark the to negotiate the ransom which Payne agrees too. Jack reassures the passengers that he will be back shortly to help them. Jack gets off the bus onto a vehicle with Lieutenant McMahon who feels they should be able to unload the passengers safely, but Jack is still convinced that Payne will know, leaving only one option; disarm the bomb. To the passengers' alarm, Jack has arranged to put himself onto a small-wheeled dolly attached by a cable to a small truck and sent under the still-moving bus, hoping to dismantle the bomb under guidance from Harry and the Bomb Squad. However, Payne had fitted the bomb with a collapsible circuit and Jack is unable to disarm it. Harry is still thinking of alternative ways to disarm the bomb when his associates come back with Payne's identity. Payne turns out to be a former member of the Atlanta Police Department's bomb squad who was forced into early retirement when a bomb he was disarming exploded, burning his hand and costing him a thumb. Harry and his associates rush off to apprehend Howard. Jack soon comes close to death when the cable towing the dolly he's on gives way, and he is almost run over by the bus. Jack clings to the undercarriage of the bus but accidentally punctures the fuel tank with a screwdriver. The passengers on the bus help Jack up through an access panel in the bus' floor, and he survives. With leaking fuel a new problem, Jack calls for a fueling vehicle to pace the bus and refuel them. Meanwhile, Harry and some other members of the LAPD SWAT team that weren't at the airport have staked out and entered Payne's home. They soon find he is not there and that has bobby trapped the house with explosives which they triggered upon entry. The house then explodes killing everyone inside, including Harry. After the bomb goes off, Payne calls Jack and gloats over Harry's death, saying it was his old watch that helped Harry identify him. Payne then gives Jack instructions to deliver the $3.7 million ransom to a garbage can at Pershing Square downtown, mentioning that everyone on the bus will die if he doesn't get his money, referring to Annie as a "wildcat" again. Jack has a meltdown over Harry's death and is unsure what to do next, accepting that Payne might actually win he suddenly notices the sweatshirt Annie had been wearing, which contains the logo for the Arizona Wildcats. Jack realizes that Payne has been monitoring the bus through the security camera above the bus driver's seat. Though the camera can record video, it cannot record audio. Jack radios over to McMahon regarding his plan. McMahon gets all the news vans nearby to stop taping and commandeers one to find the signal going into the bus camera. With everyone sitting still on the bus, the news team records them, gathering enough footage to run a video loop to fool Payne. However, Annie notes that the fuel is almost on empty, and McMahon is forced to have the tape loop with only a minute of footage having been recorded. An airport bus is brought alongside bus 2525, and the passengers are unloaded. However, the tires that had been punctured once the bus went through the airport's exits continue to lose their treads, and Annie and Jack are unable to get off. Jack affixes the steering wheel with some rope, the gas pedal with a steel pipe, and the two escape from under the bus using the access panel. The bus drives a ways off, before heading towards an empty cargo plane. As the speed drops below 50, the bus runs straight into a cargo plane and explodes. After the passengers are treated by paramedics, the police receive a call from Payne wanting to know about the money. McMahon is about to tell Payne off, but Jack realizes that Payne does not know the bus exploded, giving them the advantage to capture the madman. The money is placed in bags and dropped into the garbage container Payne had specified, with a couple of paint bombs among the cash. A number of officers (including SWAT units) patrol Pershing Square, with Payne watching from an overhead building's window. Payne thinks he's won, until he notices the bus camera, and realizes that the tape is on a loop. Payne quickly puts on his old uniform, and blending in with the other officers, walks over to Annie, and escorts her away from the scene, saying that he'd been sent by Jack. Jack and a number of officers are watching the garbage can, but no one has appeared. Jack suddenly demands they turn on the homing beacon with the money... and all of them are surprised to see that the money is in motion. Jack rushes out to the garbage can, and finds that there is a hole below it in the pavement, leading down to a level under the street. Jack finds an entrance to the area below street level and is confronted with Annie strapped with explosives, and Payne standing nearby, holding a detonator. Payne chastises Jack a bit before making his way to the Los Angeles subway system, with Jack jumping aboard as it pulls away, crawling across the top. Payne handcuffs Annie to a pole, and shoots and kills the train driver. Payne then explains his plan to Annie: he intends to get off the train with the money, but leave her to explode, leading the police to think they both died on the subway. Payne's overzealous nature gets the better of him, as he hears Jack climbing on top of the train car. Playfully claiming he may be able to bribe Jack into letting him go, Payne reaches into the sack of money, only to set off the hidden dye pack bomb, ruining the money and covering him in purple dye. Enraged, Payne then climbs up the side of the train car on the outside and goes hand-to-hand with Jack. As they fight, Jack notices a low-overhanging light approaching and holds Payne's head up while seizing the detonator to Annie's bomb from Payne. The light decapitates Payne, and his body falls over the side of the car. Jack then enters the car and manages to get the explosives off Annie. However, he does not have the key to her handcuffs, and when Payne shot the train driver some stray bullets hit the control panel rendering the brakes inoperable. A rail-map shows Jack that there's a sharp curve ahead. He speeds up the train with the intention of derailing it. The plan works and Annie is freed from the bar. The train barrels out of an incomplete stretch of track right in front of the Chinese Theater in Hollywood. It lands on its side and comes to a halt. None of the workers on the subway tunnel are hurt. Annie and Jack are both alive and as they kiss, a number of tourists and others whom the train has stopped traffic for, come over to look at the strange spectacle. 
 S.W.A.T. (2003)761) An imprisoned drug kingpin offers a huge cash reward to anyone that can break him out of police custody, and only the L.A.P.D.'s Special Weapons and Tactics team can prevent it. Based off of a one time T.V. show, two Los Angeles S.W.A.T. officers Jim Street and Brian Gamble were sent in to foil an extremely violent bank robbery. Although they thwarted the robbery, they shot a hostage in the process. Street was suspended from S.W.A.T. while Gamble was fired altogether. After 6 months, a veteran S.W.A.T. officer, Daniel Harrelson or "Hondo", is told to assemble a S.W.A.T. team for his division. He chooses other S.W.A.T. officers as well as 3 rookies. However, after they pass the S.W.A.T. training, they receive a message that a French crime boss, known as Alex Montell is trying to escape from prison. This will not be easy to prevent, especially after Montell promises $100 Million to his rescuers. John Wiggins The Special Weapons and Tactical division of the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) is the most honored and respected unit in the entire world. When two cops, Officers Jim Street and Brian Gamble foil a bank robbery holdup by shooting a female hostage, the two are kicked out of SWAT, stashing them into the "gun cage". Six months later, Street's ex-friend Gamble is gone, and so is his future until one day an cop arrives to give Street a second chance at redemption by putting him back on SWAT. That man is veteran Sergeant Dan 'Hondo' Harrelson, an Old School boss cop who think second chances are just a-OK. Now Hondo, Street, and the new SWAT team consisting of: Michael Boxer, T.J. McCabe, Deacon 'Deke' Kaye, and a female cop, Christina 'Chris' Sanchez, has a big mission: escorting Alex Montel, a international fugitive and serial killer to a federal prison in the California desert, but problems get in the way along the way including two fake cops breaking the detainee out, offering $100 Million on live TV to street gangs who can get Montel out, and worse, Gamble and McCabe getting him to safety. Can the SWAT team take down Montel and can Street finish the score with Gamble? Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) Jim Street is a former S.W.A.T. team member, who along with his partner Brian Gamble, is thrown off the team in the aftermath of a controversial decision they made during a robbery/hostage standoff. Gamble quits the force in disgust, but for Street, being a policeman is his life and he agrees to a demotion, hoping to someday have the chance to redeem himself and once again wear the privileged S.W.A.T. uniform. He gets that chance when team commander Dan "Hondo" Harrelson is assigned to recruit and train five top-notch officers for a new Special Weapons and Tactics unit. After weeks of rigorous physical training, the new team is immediately thrown into action when a notorious drug lord, offers a $100 million bounty to anyone who can free him from police custody. As they escort the kingpin out of Los Angeles into the hands of the Feds, the S.W.A.T. team is pursued by a ruthless and well-armed band of mercenaries. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} S.W.A.T. officer Jim Street who along with his partner, Gamble chose not follow orders of holding their position and saved a hostage but the hostage was injured. The unit Captain who's more concerned about how this affects him, politically, wants to make them sacrificial lambs. But instead has them reassigned to the gun cage. The Captain knows that Gamble was the one who decided to do it and offers Street the opportunity to say so in exchange for being placed back on S.W.A.T. but Street refuses. However Gamble and some other cops think that Street talked which makes him a pariah. Gamble leaves the department. Nearly a year later Hondo Harrelson, a team leader who doesn't get along with the Captain neither is brought back to form a new unit. He chooses some present S.W.A.T. members McCabe and Boxer and recruits patrolmen Deacon Kay and Chris Sanchez, who has been trying to get on S.W.A.T. but the Captain won't let her. And he chooses Street. After training, they get a major job, getting a Crime Lord to prison but he has offered a 100 million dollars to anyone who can bust him out. rcs0411@yahoo.com An arrested drug kingpin is transported by a Los Angeles Police Department SWAT team out of the city and into federal custody. Plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Los Angeles Police Department officers engaged in a violent shootout with four masked bank robbers who have held up a bank in Lincoln Heights. Two of the robbers are in the bank holding hostages, while the other two are engaging the cops with AK-47 automatic riffles and full body armors. Being only armed with pistols, the police are hopelessly outmatched. With all other weaponry failing, the officers on scene call for the Special Weapons And Tactics (SWAT) unit. The SWAT unit arrives - some via helicopter, and others with a SWAT truck. From the helicopter, hotshot SWAT officers Jim Street (Colin Farrell) and Brian Gamble (Jeremy Renner) rappel down with two other men onto the roof of the bank and tunnel their way down to the storeroom next to the main lobby. A couple of SWAT snipers are deployed to the roof of a building across the street, and a third team approaches from the ground. While Street and Gamble are entering the bank, one of the two gunmen outside tries to flee in a getaway car but is promptly taken out by a sniper with a single round to the head. The other gunman continues to engage the police but is taken out by the ground unit. As the two remaining robbers inside are starting to panic, the ground unit sends a secure phone and a SWAT negotiator attempts to negotiate the release of hostages. As the negotiator deals with the robbers, SWAT Lieutenant Greg Velasquez (Reg B. Cathey) calls for his team inside the bank to hold and stay where they are. Gamble ignores the order and drops into the storeroom anyway while Street is forced to follow him. Gamble then sneaks into the back of the main lobby and gets in position to shoot down the robbers, all the while ignoring several calls from his Lieutenant. One of the hostage takers, getting more and more nervous, collars a woman, puts a pistol to her head and prepares to execute her. With seconds to make a decision, Gamble shoots the robber down through the woman's shoulder, wounding her in the process but effectively killing the robber. The last gunman is then taken out by Street and the standoff is over. Street attends to the woman and calls for an ambulance. Gamble asks him if she will be okay, to which Street impatiently replies he is not a doctor, implying he is mad at Gamble. Back at their precinct, Captain Thomas Fuller (Larry Poindexter) is furious at Street and Gamble for their reckless actions in the bank, especially since the hostage they wounded is now suing the LAPD for negligence. Fuller orders them off the SWAT division but Lt. Velasquez intervenes and asks that, while off the team, they remain in the division so they can eventually get a chance to get their jobs back. Fuller agrees and relegates them to "cage duty", a degrading position involving the maintenance and distribution of weapons and accessories to other officers. Gamble is insulted and tells Fuller off making it worse for himself. He then storms off in anger. When Street hesitates, Fuller has a private conversation with him where he offers him a chance to get back on the team right away if Street agrees to rat out Gamble for recklessness. While Gamble is packing his bag, having decided to quit, he and Street get into an argument when Street reveals he agrees with Fuller that Gamble was reckless out there and refuses to follow his partner in quitting. Gamble assumes Street ratted him out and shoves his now former partner's head into a mirror before leaving. Six months later, Street is unreasonably exercising out on the beach one morning before work. He is still in the gun cage, performing menial tasks for other police officers and still waiting for a chance to get back on the field. One day, veteran Sgt. Daniel "Hondo" Harrelson (Samuel L. Jackson) comes to the precinct and asks Street to fix his customized M-4 rifle. Street notes the custom job and is impressed. Hondo meets with Velasquez. In the wake of a number of scathing articles criticizing the LAPD, the chief of police wants to reform the department. Velasquez wants Hondo to form a new SWAT unit for him to command. Velasquez offers Hondo two of his own officers- T.J. McCabe (Josh Charles) and Michael Boxer (Brian Van Holt). Hondo accepts them and decides to pick out three more candidates from the personnel files. Only problem is, Captain Fuller will have the final say on who goes into this new unit. Street works diligently on Hondo's weapon and then goes home that day to find his girlfriend trying to move out of their apartment before he comes back. She claims things between them are not good anymore and Street hasn't been the same since he was taken off the SWAT team. She tries to kiss him one last time but he denies her and lets her leave without arguing. During his time in the cage, Street has invented a new piece of equipment that he plans to patent to law enforcement elsewhere: a gigantic hook and chain designed to take down walls or barricades and end hostile standoffs, which he calls the "Key to the City". As he's explaining his invention to his gun cage partner Gus (James DuMont), Hondo comes in and appreciates Street's idea. He came in to collect his weapon and is impressed by Street's work on it, noting several improvements. Later on, Hondo takes some of the officers out for target practice on the firing range. The showy T.J manages to out-shoot Hondo, but Hondo bets $200 that Street, who's testing weapons on his own, can beat McCabe. T.J, not feeling threatened by a "gun bunny", agrees to the challenge. They face off, and Street ends up victorious to everyone's surprise except Hondo. Meanwhile, a French mobster, Alex Montel (Oliver Martinez) arrives at Los Angeles International Airport and heads out into the city. He intends to visit his uncle's favorite restaurant, purportedly as a birthday surprise, but in reality, it's because he knows his uncle has been stealing money from the family for some time. Alex thus slits his uncle's throat and leaves the restaurant, but is soon pulled over by motorcycle cops for a broken taillight. Since the car Alex is driving belongs to his uncle and there is an arrest warrant out for him, the officers detain Alex for questioning and verification of his identity. Even attempts to use bribery aren't able to spring him out. Hondo recruits Street as his driver for the day in order to go on a SWAT team recruitment run. While in the car, Hondo reveals he was a marine and a combat trainer before while Street was a Navy Seal, although he refuses to divulge what was his specialty. They first investigate an officer named Deacon "Deke" Kay (LL Cool J), who is found in the middle of a foot pursuit with a suspect. Hondo and Street intervene and end the pursuit, angering Deke who wanted to do it alone. But he soon soften up when Hondo reveals he's from SWAT and offers Deke to study at "SWAT school." They then visit another candidate who makes a bad first impression on Hondo by being a vegetarian and being too polite and too much of a stickler to last long in Hondo's unit. They then move on to a Metro police officer named Chris Sanchez, who has apparently applied and qualified several times for SWAT but keeps getting turned down. Street notes that Sanchez has several misconduct grievances from suspects filed with Internal Affairs. They locate officer Sanchez at a local ER. They find Sanchez's partner keeping watch over a Latino thug who's in a wheelchair with multiple bruises on his face. Hondo asks if Sanchez did this on his own which his partner confirms that he did. Hondo then meets with Sanchez and finds out that "Chris" is actually short for "Christina" (Michelle Rodriguez). Hondo realizes that Fuller has likely kept Sanchez off the SWAT roster because she's a woman and simply has used the misconduct complaints as an excuse to do so. Sanchez tells Hondo that most of the charges against her have been filed because resisting violent male perps couldn't deal with the fact that they were manhandled by a woman. Hondo likes her right away and decides to offer her a position on his team. Upon returning to headquarters, Street asks Hondo if he's planning on toying with him for another day or he's actually gonna tell him why he took him on this recruitment run. Hondo asks Street if he wants to fill the last spot on the team. Street is hesitant, knowing that Fuller is very unlikely to approve him given the incident with Gamble. Street also confirms that he did not roll over on Gamble. Hondo confirms he wants Street on his team. When Hondo meets with Fuller, Fuller rejects both Sanchez and Street, but Hondo refuses to back down. Fuller makes a compromise- he will accept the group as is for now, but should they fail the preliminary trials needed for SWAT, then Sanchez goes back to her Subway routine and Street and Hondo will both be taken off the force. Hondo agrees, confident his new team is up for the challenge. Training begins shortly thereafter. The new squad members get to know each other, and it's revealed that Street's girlfriend who dumped him earlier was actually Boxer's sister who assumes Street did her wrong, so there is some friction between them. Hondo puts the group through several tests- including infiltration, armor, weapons, physical conditioning and long-range shooting. Despite some initial difficulties, they are soon performing admirably. The team also shows exceptional marksmanship skill in a sniper session involving playing cards used as targets. Before long, the time has come for the team's final evaluation: a simulated hostage situation set up by Fuller. The team will have to infiltrate an airplane taken over by "terrorists" played by fellow officers armed with paintball guns. They will have to take back control of the aircraft and take out all six hijackers within eight minutes. While looking over the plane's schematics, Street notes that there is an alternative entry point to the plane that no one will expect: a tiny elevator shaft meant for food trays which no man could fit in but their team actually have what no other team have: Sanchez, who jumps at the chance to break Fuller's heart. They sneak onto the plane and take out all six hijackers, although T.J takes a hit that would've been fatal had it been real. Despite this, the new team sets a new course record, much to Fuller's annoyance. That night, the group celebrates by eating at a cafe owned by Deke's father. Hondo congratulates them, but also admits that he is not too happy that T. J. probably wouldn't have survived if they had been in a real situation. After a few hours of eating and drinking, most of the group heads home save for Sanchez and Street who wants to keep the party going a little longer. Sanchez follows Street to his favorite bar and shares a few more drinks with him but they are interrupted by Street's ex-partner Gamble who happens to be at the bar that night. The two have a passive aggressive exchange until Gamble decides to leave. Street tries to make a pass at Sanchez who turns him down but then invites him to her daughter's birthday party taking place the next day. Since the next day is Sunday and their training is over, the new SWAT team are all enjoying a well earned day off. T.J. is on a date, Hondo and Velasquez go out golfing, Deke is spending the day with his kids, Boxer is at home with his wife watching TV (Ironically watching the 1970's program that inspired this movie), and Street took Sanchez up on her offer and is now entertaining the kids at Eliza's birthday party, stalking them playfully with a Super-Soaker water rifle. Suddenly, everyone is recalled by pager to a "Polish hostage" situation, where a man has barricaded himself in his house and is randomly firing a shotgun out the window. The man also claims to have wired all the entrances with explosives which no one believes but Velasquez refuses to take that chance. Street volunteers his "key to the city" which they use to tear down the back wall of the house and neutralize the suspect, ending the standoff in seconds. At the sheriff's department, a deputy finds some details pertaining to Alex Montel's true identity. Velasquez is notified and asks Hondo's unit to intercept and escort the prison bus carrying Montel. But Montel's gang has also learned about the transfer. Two of Alex's men disguise themselves as police officers and use a stolen police car to pull the bus over. They then climb onto the bus and shoot the deputies, before unshackling Alex. As they're about to drive off, Hondo's team arrives and engages them in a shootout. The shootout is quick, but at the end, both fake cops are killed and Alex is captured. Montel, as it turns out, is an international fugitive wanted in over a dozen countries on charges including murder, arms dealing & drug trafficking. As he is being led to a holding cell, he faces a TV camera and offers $100 million as a reward for anyone who can break him out of jail. The newscast of every channel repeat the claim over and over and confirm that Montel has the financial means to backup his claim, attracting the attention of every outlaws in Los Angeles. Hondo's team is flustered by Montel's offer, knowing it will make their job that much more difficult when anyone on the street will engage them to rescue Montel for the money. Hondo's unit is preparing to evacuate Montel via helicopter when the chopper is shot down by an unseen sniper. They take Montel back inside and form a new plan- to lead the fugitive away via a motorcade. Gang members hoping to cash in on Montel's offer attack the vehicles, killing a motorcycle cop and injuring two other officers in the process. But the vehicles turn out to be a decoy, and Alex is being led down a private access area underground into some unmarked SUV's parked several blocks away from the headquarters while Velasquez is keeping watch from the sky. Hondo's plan runs smoothly up until halfway through the second checkpoint where T.J. stops the car and points his gun at his own team, having decided to take Montel up on his offer. As Street and Boxer attempts to reason with him, T.J is suddenly joined by Gamble who shoots Boxer down and reveals himself as the mastermind behind the operation to break out Montel. They take Montel and flee into the Metro. As paramedics arrive to treat Boxer, Hondo and Street chase Gamble's group into the subway station while Deke and Sachez hurry to the next station. Hondo and Street miss the train while further down the line, Deke and Sanchez report that the train never made it to the next station. Both teams head down their respective end of the tunnel to investigate. They soon find the train abandoned midway through the tunnel with Gamble and his men all gone. The driver points them to a storm drain opening further down the track which the team enter, getting cut off from their police frequency at this point. Meanwhile, Fuller finds out about T.J's betrayal and Gamble's involvement and suspects the whole team might be part of the operation to free Montel. Especially when they're no longer responding. He finds out an unauthorized runway has been lit up at Hawthorne airport and suspects that's where Gamble is heading so he sends all available units at the airport to intercept them. Hondo and his team track down Gamble and his men through dark underground sewer tunnels but Gamble slows them down by setting up a booby trap involving a claymore mine and smoke grenades. Street saves Deke from triggering the trap and reveals part of his Navy Seal training when he disarms the claymore. Further down, their chase completely stops when they find themselves locked in the tunnel by a heavy gate locked with a massive padlock. Street retrieves the claymore and uses it to blow the gate open. Back online, Hondo explains what happened to Fuller and asks him to send vehicles to pick them up. Fuller doesn't trust Hondo anymore so he orders him and his team down and refuses to go pick them up. Hondo ignores the order and his team commandeer a passing limo. As they drive out, Sanchez notices a low-flying jet over the city. Knowing all units are at the airport, they deduce that the jet must be Gamble's plan for evacuating Montel and the airport was just a decoy. Hondo & his group follow the jet, which is actually landing on the 6th Street bridge, rather than at the airport. Hondo gets radio confirmation that Gamble has hostages on board the airplane, and they need to stop the aircraft immediately to save innocent lives. Hondo drives their limo to the bridge, crashing through the roadblock at one end and racing towards the plane. Hondo drives the limo into the landing gear of the plane before it takes off, crippling it. A gun battle erupts between SWAT and Gamble's men. Sanchez gets hit in the shootout, which turns out to be a minor shoulder wound. Montel makes a break for it, but Deke chases him on foot and re-captures Montel. Hondo confronts an injured T.J. inside the plane. T.J. expresses remorse and asks about Boxer. Hondo is hesitant, but confirms that Boxer is expected to recover from his injuries. T.J. pulls out his gun and shoots himself in the head, preferring death over a prison sentence. Street rappels down from the bridge into a train yard to chase after Gamble. After Gamble stabs Street's hand through and through, they both drop their weapons and decide to have an all out fist fight surrounded by moving trains. In the end, Street kicks Gamble's head into the path of an oncoming train which crushes it, killing him instantly. He rejoins his team on the bridge telling Hondo they will need another body bag. Fuller arrives, commending the team for their excellent work, but pointing out that the job is not yet finished. Montel is still in their custody and need to be transferred to a federal prison a.s.a.p. The team decide to make things simple and take a SWAT truck out to deliver Montel to the proper authorities. As they sit on the truck, heading back home after successfully delivering Montel, a report of a robbery in progress comes onto the police band. Hondo points out that their shift has technically been over for 12 hours but the weary team agrees to mount up anyway and head out to their next mission. 