nm0009667:

 La lune noireSummaries Martin, a sturdy character, has huge debts and is divorced. He receives a proposal from a secret organization to engage in a strange and dangerous mission. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 La fracture du myocarde (1990)Summaries Suddenly, Martin's behaviour changes radically. He doesn't talk or laugh any more. His schoolfellows discover, that his mother died some days ago. Now he is frightened of being sent to orphanage. His schoolfellows help him to push up the situation ... Christian Wenger <wenger@ls7.informatik.uni-dortmund.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Police (1985)Summaries A moody, jaded police detective, while investigating a drug ring, falls for a mysterious woman and is drawn into a shady and dangerous scheme. Mangin, a police inspector in Paris, leans hard on informants to get evidence on three Tunisian brothers who traffic in drugs. He arrests one, Simon, and his girl-friend Noria. Simon's brothers go to their lawyer. He springs Noria, who promptly steals 2 million francs that belong to the Tunisians. They suspect her of the theft; her life as well as the lawyer's is in danger. Meanwhile, Noria is playing with both the lawyer and Mangin's affections. Mangin is mercurial anyway: intimidating and bloodying suspects, falling for a police commission trainee before flipping for Noria, wearing his emotions on his sleeve. Can he save the lawyer and Noria, and can he convince her to love? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Castle in Spain (2007)Summaries The story of two brother-like friends facing the possibility of separation. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 