nm0003923:

 No Country for Old Men (2007)761) Violence and mayhem ensue after a hunter stumbles upon a drug deal gone wrong and more than two million dollars in cash near the Rio Grande. In rural Texas, welder and hunter Llewelyn Moss ( Josh Brolin ) discovers the remains of several drug runners who have all killed each other in an exchange gone violently wrong. Rather than report the discovery to the police, Moss decides to simply take the two million dollars present for himself. This puts the psychopathic killer, Anton Chigurh ( Javier Bardem ), on his trail as he dispassionately murders nearly every rival, bystander and even employer in his pursuit of his quarry and the money. As Moss desperately attempts to keep one step ahead, the blood from this hunt begins to flow behind him with relentlessly growing intensity as Chigurh closes in. Meanwhile, the laconic Sheriff Ed Tom Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ) blithely oversees the investigation even as he struggles to face the sheer enormity of the crimes he is attempting to thwart. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) 1980, West Texas. While out hunting down by the US-Mexico border, good ol' Texas boy Llewelyn Moss, a welder by day who lives in a trailer park in Sanderson with his wife Carla Jean, comes across what is a drug deal gone wrong. What he finds are all the players left at the scene dead or near death and a satchel filled with $2 million which he takes, despite knowing that someone will be looking for the money and is probably willing to kill for it. As such, he not only tries to protect himself in the process of trying to find out who will be after the money, but also Carla Jean by sending her away. A person hired to retrieve the money is Anton Chigurh, who indeed will kill anyone, including innocent bystanders, necessary to get to his end goal, with a high pressure air pistol his weapon of choice especially as it leaves no bullet as evidence. Chigurh, in deciding who should live or die in his day to day life, also uses his own psychopathic set of principles. Chirgurh quickly learns that Moss has the money and is on the run. Also on both their trails is Terrell County Sheriff Ed Tom Bell and his naive deputy Wendell. Bell, a third generation sheriff, has of late contemplated his professional future solely because of the notion that he and his like have not been able to do anything to control the increasing violence of the region. Bell finds evidence that Moss has the money and that someone, who has left a trail of carnage behind him, is after Moss and the money. As such, Bell tries to find Moss solely to protect him from whoever is after him. One other person added to the mix is Carson Wells, hired by the same person that hired Chigurh also to retrieve the money, as their employer feels that Chigurh has gotten out of control. Wells knows Chigurh well and knows that he will not take too kindly to anyone else brought in on his job. Huggo In the desert of Rio Grande, a drug deal goes wrong and Llewellyn Moss, the welder, finds 2 million dollars in a box. He keeps the money for himself but an unemotional psychopathic killer Chigurh chases him. He kills everyone that comes in front of him to get the welder, using a unique weapon of his own. By this time the elderly sheriff Ed Tom tries to go through and to as deed as possible of the matter. After stumbling across a case of money among dead bodies, Llewelyn Moss ( Josh Brolin ) thinks he can keep it quiet, but when silent killer Anton Chigurh ( Javier Bardem ) locates Moss and his money, Vietnam veteran Moss makes a run for it. With bodies falling everywhere Anton goes, it's only a matter of time before he catches up with Llewelyn. Whilst all this is going on, Sheriff Ed Tom Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ) is overseeing the investigation and begins to see the country in a different light than it once was. FilmFanUk After he finds $2 million in the desert where a drug deal has apparently gone wrong, working man Llewelyn Moss ( Josh Brolin ) finds himself on the run. His pursuer is Anton Chigurh ( Javier Bardem ), an unemotional killer with a unique murder weapon at his disposal. Throughout, soon to be retired Sheriff Ed Tom Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ) attempts to convince Moss, mostly through his wife Carla Jean, that he should turn the money over to the authorities or this could all end in tragedy. garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a shot of desolate, wide-open country in West Texas in June 1980. In a voice-over, the local sheriff, Sheriff Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ), tells of the changing times: in the old days, some sheriffs never wore guns, as did his late father, who was the sheriff before him; in the modern day and age, however, Bell once sent an unrepentant teenage boy to the electric chair who had killed a girl simply because he wanted to kill someone, had been "fixin'" to do it for some time, and would do it again if he had the chance. Along a desert highway, Anton Chigurh ( Javier Bardem ) is arrested by a deputy ( Zach Hopkins ). They return to the empty police station, where the deputy calls Sheriff Bell. He tells the Sheriff about an odd device in Chigurh's possession (a captive bolt pistol). The deputy thinks it may be an oxygen tank, but it is actually a device used to kill cattle in the slaughter house. The deputy has his back to Chigurh, who sneaks up behind him and just as the deputy hangs up the phone, uses the handcuff chain to garrote the deputy. After cleaning himself up in the station bathroom, Chigurh steals a squad car and once on a desert highway, uses the car's lights and siren to stop a random motorist ( Chip Love ) driving a Ford sedan. He politely asks the man to step out of the car. Chigurh then asks the man to hold still and presses the captive bolt pistol attached to the compressed air tank against the puzzled driver's forehead. He squeezes the trigger and it fires the bolt into the man's skull, killing him. Chigurh drives off in the man's car. Elsewhere in the desert, Llewelyn Moss ( Josh Brolin ) is hunting pronghorns. Setting the sights of his hunting rifle on one, he fires, scattering the animals. Walking to where the herd stood, he notices a trail of blood. Realizing the pronghorn left in a different direction from the blood trail, he spies a wounded pit bull hobbling away. Retracing the dog's trail, Moss eventually comes upon several pickup trucks parked in the middle of the wilderness. Mexican criminals and pit bulls lie dead on the ground; only a mortally wounded driver remains alive. The driver begs Moss for agua, but Moss says that he has no water. Moss asks the man where the "last man standing" - the winner - is, but doesn't get an answer. He carefully takes the man's submachine gun off the seat and a magazine from his shirt pocket. Under a tarp in the bed of one pickup, Moss sees what appears to be a great deal of heroin. Moss tracks the only criminal to have escaped the shootout to a tree where he finds the man has died. He finds a large catalog case filled with two million dollars and a .45 caliber pistol. He takes the money and gun. He returns home where he hides the submachine gun under his mobile home. His wife Carla Jean ( Kelly Macdonald ) is irritated that he has been gone all day and he refuses to tell her where he found the pistol and catalog case. She asks him what's in the case but doesn't believe him when he off-handedly tells her it's full of money. That night, Moss guiltily wakes up, deciding that he should take water to the wounded driver. He arrives around dawn and parks a short distance away on a rise. He carries a gallon of water to the scene of the shootout, but discovers that the wounded man has been killed by a shotgun round to his head. Looking back to where he'd parked his pickup truck atop the rise, Moss dimly sees in the predawn light another truck now parked alongside his. Two men get out and appear to slash his truck's tires. He tries to hide behind under one of the trucks, but is fired upon by the men who are now approaching in their truck, using bright searchlights. More gunmen appear, disable his truck and fire on him, hitting him in the shoulder. Moss flees with the pickup pursuing him, but is hit in the shoulder by a shotgun round just as he reaches a river embankment. As Moss tumbles towards the river with dawn breaking, the two men, apparently Mexicans, send a pit bull after him. Evading continued gunfire, Moss dives into the river and swims downstream, eventually crossing to the other side with the pit bull gaining on him. On the opposite bank, Moss frantically ejects an empty shell from the .45, reloads the gun, and kills the dog at the moment it leaps at him. He bandages his wounds, realizing he is facing dangerous individuals. He returns home and sends Carla Jean to stay with her mother in Odessa while he travels separately with the money. After filling up at a gas station in the dead man's Ford, Chigurh goes to pay for some candy from the gas proprietor ( Gene Jones ). The proprietor tries to make polite conversation out of simple friendliness, but Chigurh is upset at the inane small talk, and the owner finds himself in a strange, tense confrontation. The man is genuinely perplexed by his customer's anxiety, and tries to defuse the argument by saying he needs to close the station, which only further irritates Chigurh due to it being still midday. Chigurh requires him to call the flip of coin to decide whether the man is to win everything, apparently whether the man will live or die. The clerk guesses heads and Chigurh gives the man the coin. He tells him not to mix it with any other coins. Later that night, two well-dressed men take Chigurh to the site of the failed drug deal. He removes the VIN tag from Moss's truck door and examines the corpses. The well-dressed men give him a tracking device on which they said they're getting "not a bleep." that he can use to find the catalog case of money, which has a transponder hidden in it, although it has not received any signals. Chigurh picks up a pistol laying next to one dead men and kills both of them. The following morning, Sheriff Bell ( Tommy Lee Jones ) and Deputy Wendell ( Garret Dillahunt ) respond to a report of a burning car, and recognize the Ford belonging to the dead motorist. They follow tire tracks to the shoot out site, where Sheriff Bell recognizes Moss's truck. He and Wendell carefully look over the scene and then decide to call in federal authorities. The heroin is gone from the back of the pickup. Chigurh appears at Moss and Carla Jean's trailer and uses the captive bolt pistol to break the lock. The trailer is empty but hurriedly vacated, but he finds in the unopened mail a phone bill that reveals the couple has made a lot of calls to Odessa, TX. He tries to intimidate the trailer park manager ( Kathy Lamkin ) into revealing where Moss works and seems to contemplate killing her, but when he hears noise in the adjacent room, leaves. Moss puts his wife on a bus and reassures her that he will call her in a couple of days. He takes a cab from the bus station to a motel, where he rents a room and hides the money case deep in the HVAC duct using the clothes bar from a closet. Moss leaves the hotel and buys boots and socks. Moss takes a cab back to his motel but a truck parked near his room makes him suspicious and he directs the driver to take him to another motel. Chigurh meanwhile calls numbers on the phone bill to try to figure out where Moss is headed. He then begins driving, trying to anticipate where Moss is headed. The next morning Moss purchases a tent for its poles, duct tape, wire cutters, and a 12 gauge shotgun and ammo at a local sporting goods store. He returns to the second hotel room, where he saws off the shotgun barrel and stock. He returns to his first hotel and rents a second room immediately behind his first room. It shares the HVAC duct with his first room. In the second room, he uses the tent poles, duct tape, and coat hangers to fashion a hook that he uses to retrieve the catalog case full of money from the HVAC duct. Chigurh is driving past the motel when the tracking device goes off. He finds the motel, and by the frequency of its beeping he deduces which room the signal is coming from, Moss's first room. Chigurh rents a room and takes off his boots so he can quietly walk up to the room where the signal is coming from. He uses his captive bolt pistol to break into the room. Chigurh finds three Mexicans in the room and kills them with a suppressed shotgun. The Mexicans' gunfire alerts Moss in the opposite room. Chigurh searches the room for the case, finally noticing the HVAC duct. He opens it to see the tracks where the case was dragged. Moss escapes into the dark with the money and hitchhikes out of the area. The driver ( Mathew Greer ) who picks him up tells him he shouldn't be hitch-hiking because it's dangerous. The next day, in a high-rise office building in Dallas, a bounty hunter named Carson Wells ( Woody Harrelson ) arrives in a businessman's ( Stephen Root ) large office. The businessman is upset about the many killings perpetrated by Chigurh. He wants Wells to contain the situation. Wells tells the businessman that he has had past dealings with Chigurh and would know him by sight. Wells also compares Chigurh to the bubonic plague and calls him a psychopathic killer. The businessman hires Wells to control the "situation" with Chigurh and to retrieve the money. In a border town, Moss rents a room in an older, rundown multistory hotel. Unable to sleep, he is apparently trying to figure out how Chigurh tracked him down to the previous motel. He searches the case and finds the transponder that Chigurh has been using to find him. He hears suspicious noises and calls the clerk who had checked him in at the front desk. The clerk ( Marc Miles ) had told Moss he'd be on until the next morning at 10 a.m., but he doesn't answer. He sees the shadow of feet under his door, but then the hall lights go dark. Chigurh shoots out the lock with the captive bolt pistol, hitting Moss, who fires his shotgun into the door. Moss then drops the case out the second story window and follows it. Chigurh shoots at him from the window but misses. Moss is wounded in the side by the door lock. Moss stops a pick-up truck driver ( Luce Rains ) and tells him to drive him out of there, but Chigurh kills the driver. Moss ducks down and drives the truck around a corner, crashing into a vehicle. He hides behind a nearby car, watching in a store window for whoever is following him. He shoots and wounds Chigurh. Wounded himself, Moss drives the pick-up to the nearby Rio Grande where he buys a jacket from some passing youths on the border bridge, and he also tosses the money case into some brush along the bank. He covers his bloody shirt with the jacket and, posing as a "drunk Mexican" waves the bottle of beer drunkenly at the half-sleeping Mexican border guard as he stumbles past to cross over into Mexico; the sleepy guard is unconcerned with his identity. In the morning he is awakened by members of a Norteo Band who he pays to take him to a hospital. Sheriff Bell continues to be disturbed by what he saw in the desert and the apparently deteriorating state of morals in the world. He goes to visit Carla Jean in Odessa and asks her to put him in touch with her husband. Almost absentmindedly, he tells her how a local farmer was nearly killed by an animal he was trying to slaughter, and how slaughterhouses now used compressed air guns to kill cattle immediately. In the border town, Chigurh, wounded in the thigh by a buckshot round, sets a car on fire as a diversion and nonchalantly steals medical supplies. In a motel room, he cuts off his pants and treats his wound. Carson visits Moss in the Mexican hospital and suggests that he just hand over the money so Carson can protect him. Moss refuses and Carson tells him in which hotel he is staying. On the way back across the border, Carson sees the catalog case from the bridge. Back at his hotel, the same one at which Moss was staying, Carson is confronted by Chigurh. Carson tries to strike a deal with Chigurh for his life but when the phone rings, Chigurh kills him. Moss is on the phone, and Chigurh tells him that if he brings him the money, he won't kill his wife, though he can't do the same for Moss. Chigurh lets Moss know that he knows exactly where he is and, instead of coming to kill him in the hospital, he is going to go to Carla Jean's mother's house. Moss tells Chigurh he will kill him then hangs up. Moss leaves the hospital and retrieves the case. He calls Carla Jean at her mother's in Odessa and tells her to fly to El Paso to meet him. Chigurh meanwhile goes to Dallas where he kills the businessman for hiring not only Carson but the Mexicans as well. His truck breaks down and a chicken farmer ( Chris Warner ) with a flatbed full of chicken cages stops to help. Chigurh asks where the nearest airport is. The farmer names El Paso, and Chigurh asks him if the chicken cages can be removed from the truck. Sometime later he is washing the chicken feathers off the back of the truck at a car wash. The Mexicans who have been watching Carla Jean in Odessa follow her and her mother ( Beth Grant ) to the airport. One of the Mexicans helps her mother with her luggage and she tells him she and Carla Jean are going to El Paso. The Mexican asks her what hotel she and her mother are staying at, so as to figure out Moss's location, and she tells him. In the airport, Carla Jean calls Sheriff Bell and tells him where Moss is staying in El Paso. At the hotel, a woman ( Ana Reeder ) sun-bathing by the pool flirts with Moss. She invites him to her room for beer, but he says that he's married and that he knows what beer leads to, and declines her offer. Sheriff Bell is driving up to Moss's motel when he hears automatic gunfire and sees a pickup truck speeding off. At the motel, Sheriff Bell sees a large number of empty shell casings on the ground by the pool, where a woman is floating dead. He then sees Llewelyn Moss dead in the open doorway of his room. The money case is missing. All Sheriff Bell can do is comfort Carla Jean when she arrives. Later that night, Sheriff Bell and the local sheriff ( Rodger Boyce ) have coffee and bemoan the declining morals of American society. Afterward, Sheriff Bell returns to the motel and nearly misses being killed by Chigurh who had been searching the room for the money case. Sheriff Bell visits his uncle, Ellis ( Barry Corbin ) to tell him he's retiring because he is too disturbed by the violence he's seen. Ellis tells him he's being vain and relates the story about how Sheriff Bell's grandfather had died: shot by 8 outlaws, he bled to death in his wife's arms on his front porch as they watched. Meanwhile, Chigurh visits Carla Jean, who has just buried her mother. She understands why he's there but still finds it meaningless. Chigurh flips a coin but Carla Jean refuses to play his game. Carla Jean dismisses Chigurh's game, saying that he's the one who decides on whether or not to kill her, not the coin. He is unmoved, however, insisting on his lack of a free choice in the matter. During this exchange, we see two boys ride past the house on bicycles. Chigurh leaves the house and stops to check his boots, apparently for blood. Driving off, he is looking at the same two boys in the rear view mirror when he's struck broadside by a car speeding through the intersection. Chigurh gets out of his car, his arm bone protruding out of his elbow. The two neighborhood boys come up to him to see if he's all right. Chigurh pays one of the kids for his shirt, which he uses to make a sling for his arm, and he asks them to tell the authorities that he had already left. Chigurh limps away down the street. At Sheriff Bell's house, the sheriff ponders what to do for the day at breakfast with his wife, Loretta ( Tess Harper ); he is restless in retirement, but she rebuffs his offer to help out around the house, as he will just throw off her established routine. He recounts a dream he had about his sheriff father. Bell dreamed that he and his father were riding a mountain pass in the night. His father, carrying a horn with embers inside that glowed like moonlight, rode ahead into the darkness and disappeared. Though he couldn't see anything in the dark night, Bell dreamed that he kept riding forward since his father would have a warm fire waiting for him. 
 The Three Burials of Melquiades Estrada (2005)431) Ranch foreman Pete Perkins looks to fulfill the promise to his recently deceased best friend by burying him in his hometown in Mexico. A man is shot and quickly buried in the high desert of west Texas. The body is found and reburied in Van Horn's town cemetery. Pete Perkins, a local ranch foreman, kidnaps a Border Patrolman and forces him to disinter the body. With his captive in tow and the body tied to a mule, Pete undertakes a dangerous and quixotic journey into Mexico. Anonymous In Texas near the border of Mexico, an arrogant new border patrolman Mike Norton mistakenly kills the Mexican cowboy Melquiades Estrada and buries him in the desert. When Melquiades's body is accidentally found one week later, his best friend, the ranch foreman Pete Perkins, claims the body to fulfill his promise and bury Melquiades in his hometown of Jimenez and presses the local sheriff Belmont to find the killer. However, Melquiades is not delivered to Pete because he is not his relative, and his body is reburied in the local cemetery. When Rachel discloses the identity of the killer, Pete kidnaps Mike and forces him to dig up the grave and bring the body to Melquiades's family in Mexico. While in their journey to Mexico, the sad reality of the hopeless Mexicans that live in the proximity of the border with USA is disclosed. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. South of Texas, in the desert. A jeep driven by one man wearing army clothes stops on the road. The man and his buddy see coyotes in the distance eating something behind some rocks. The buddy shoots the coyote, and they both go to see what's happening. THE FIRST BURIAL OF MELQUADES ESTRADA Peter "Pete" Perkins (Tommy Lee Jones) goes to a south Texas hospital to find out what the forensics say about that death of his friend Melquades Estrada (Julio Csar Cedillo), a Mexican cowboy hired by Perkins as his aid at the ranch where he is a foreman. Pete throws up because the corpse of Melquiades is badly decomposed from having been buried in a shallow grave. Police officers are busy running after immigrants and flirting with their girlfriends, and thus take no interest in this obvious murder case. A border patrolman, Mike Norton (Barry Pepper), promises his wife Lou Ann Norton (January Jones) a nice little house after moving to their Texas border town, Van Horn. Later he becomes very violent with one of the Mexican immigrants. She (Vanessa Bauche) was trying to run away during a crossing, but she stays back to defend her husband. Mike hits the lady with excessive brutality. Pete talks to another of the patrolmen. He's come back to the location of the murder and found .223 bullet casings in the area. However, captain Frank Belmont (Dwight Yoakam) doesn't want to worry about that; he is more concerned about getting a quiet breakfast from diner waitress Rachel (Melissa Leo), a married lady with whom he is having an affair. Violent Mike is told off by his boss, Captain Gmez (Mel Rodrguez), because there may be problems arising from his vile treatment of prisoners. When Mike goes home, his wife Lou Ann is more interested in her diet - although she is pin thin - and watching a soap opera than talking to him or even having sex with him, something which she allows him to do (for the few seconds he lasts) while she is watching TV. No passion there. When he finishes, Lou Ann is still looking at Mary (Jourdan Henderson) and John (Spike Spencer), the soap opera stars who are discussing their marital problems. Pete approaches one of the patrolmen and asks about the caliber of their ammunition, and he answers that it's .223. Although Pete doesn't say so at that moment, that detail makes him think that the his friend Melquades was killed by one of the patrolmen of the area. THE SECOND BURIAL OF MELQUADES ESTRADA Finally, Melquades is buried in an undignified grave at Van Horn's local cemetery. Mike is about to look at some porn and shit on some rocks during his border watch, but he is scared away because he hears shooting. He runs away with his trousers down and picks up his rifle. He shoots somebody. The police seem to think that Melquades must have been involved in something fishy, but Pete does know for sure that he wasn't. Lou Ann complains that she's bored all the time. She used to be the most popular girl at school, and Mike used to be the most sought-after guy as well. Rachel consoles her, saying it takes time to get used to life along the border, or adult life, for that matter. Rachel invites Lou Ann on one of her motel flings with Pete (whom she also fools around with), and he brings his friend Melquades to entertain Lou Ann. Being new to each other, they feel strange, until they start dancing to the sound of gentle country music. Melquades is shooting a coyote to protect his goats, a sound that scares Mike. As it turns out, Mike shot and killed Melquades. Two patrolmen, Belmont and Gomez, are discussing it while Rachel listens to their conversation. She tells Pete. Pete demands that Gomez go arrest Mike, but he won't do that. Pete starts watching Mike's home. Their neighbor (Karen Jones) is a lady who looks a bit demented, always taking out her quiet dog and staring at their neighbors. Pete decides to enter Mike's home at night. He points his gun at Mike in front of Lou Ann. He tells Lou Ann what her husband has done. Pete forces Mike to dig up Mel's body. He plans to force Mike to take the body to the home where Melquades once lived. Pete had promised his friend Mel that he would bury him in Mexico, in the small town where he was born, called El Tostn. Pete forces Mike to go riding on a horse with him until they reach the town, while Mel's body is carried wrapped in a tent on another horse. THE JOURNEY The rest of the patrolmen go after Pete and Mike. Lou Ann seems to be all right. They all think that Pete's crazy, but Frank Belmont won't shoot him when they have the opportunity. One of the horses falls down a steep cliff. The patrolmen's car also gets stuck on the rocky dry soil. Pete forces Mike to stay close to the rotting corpse of Melquades, which obviously stinks. Mike wakes Pete up because carnivorous ants are eating up Mel's body. Having already filled the body with antifreeze to preserve it, Pete then pours gasoline on the body and lights it to burn the ants away. A blind old man (Levon Helm) is listening to the radio in Spanish although he can't understand what he hears. He gives them shelter, food and water. He tells them that his son used to visit him once a month with food and money, but the son got cancer and probably died because of that. The blind old man asks them to shoot him, but Pete refuses on principle. Mike tells Pete that he's innocent, because Mel shot him. Pete falls off his horse, and Mike, instead of helping him, tries to run away. Pete is not hurt. Pete does not shoot Mike while he runs away, although he had the opportunity to kill him. Pete and his three horses go after him, slowly. Mike hides in a small cave, but a snake bites him, so he ends up screaming for help. A whole troop of police cars and helicopters follow Mike and Pete. They question the blind man, who tells them he saw nobody. The police leave. Meanwhile, a group of Mexicans has discovered Mike, still in his small cave and crying for help. They meet up with Pete, who asks whether they know anybody who could save Mike, and the leader suggests a lady "who is good with herbs." Pete hasn't got the 3,000 dollars which the leader requires to cross the border from the USA to Mexico. They reach an agreement. Pete puts a lasso around Mike and forces him to cross the river into Mexico. They seek out Mariana (Vanessa Bauche), who turns out to be the lady Mike beat so severely at the beginning of the film. At first she refuses to help the pathetic patrolman. Pete asks her to cure him as he needs to keep him alive. She heals him, but possibly in the most painful way possible. Lou Ann has meanwhile decided that enough is enough, Mike is beyond redemption. She says she is going to leave him forever, and she finally does so. Pete phones Rachel, who tells him that the patrolmen are after him and that Lou Ann has left. Pete asks Rachel to come down to Mexico and marry him, but she prefers to stay with Bob (Richard Jones). Pete is disappointed because she has told him that she loved him more than Bob. A sad Pete tells Melquades' body that he's about to reach home. They make their way to El Tostn. They find a group of cowboys watching a soap opera on an old TV set, the same episode from when Mike had sex with Lou Ann in the kitchen. This makes Mike remember and cry. The cowboys asks what the performers are saying. Pete asks two women (Maya Zapata and Montserrat de Len) about the woman in a photograph he has of Melquades. Pete finds the woman and learns that Mel's ranch was in an area called Jimnez, outside of El Tostn, but it no longer exists. At last Pete brings Mike to what remains of Jimnez, the ruins of a house. Pete recognises the place for the beauty it was. THE THIRD BURIAL OF MELQUADES ESTRADA Pete and Mike try to build a new roof with some brunches and twigs, and mend some walls. Mike has to dig a tomb with a piece of stone. Finally, they bury him. Pete makes Mike kneel in front of the tomb and he forces Mike to say to Melquades that he's sorry. He finally gives in - after Pete had to shoot several times. Mike cries that it was a mistake, that he didn't want to kill him, and that he's sorry. Mike falls asleep. Pete wakes him up with a kick. Pete lets Mike go. Mike admits that he always thought that Pete would end up killing him. To that, Pete simply replies that Mike can keep one of the horses. The horse is tied to the tree on which they put the photograph of Melquades and his family. Mike shouts after Pete had already gone - asking him if he will be all right. ---originated by KrystelClaire. 
 A Perfect World (1993)431) A kidnapped boy strikes up a friendship with his captor, an escaped convict on the run from the law, while the search for him continues. After escaping from a Huntsville prison, convict Robert "Butch" Haynes (Kevin Costner) and his partner Terry Pugh (Keith Szarabajka) kidnap a young boy, Phillip Perry (T.J. Lowther), and flee across Texas. As they travel together, Butch and Phillip discover common bonds and suffer the abuses of the outside "Perfect World". In pursuit is Texas Ranger "Red" Garnett (Clint Eastwood) and Criminologist Sally Gerber (Laura Dern). James Yu <jamestyu@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu> This movie touches you from the bottom of your heart. It is a story about a man and a boy. A man (Kevin Costner) escapes from a prison with his partner (Keith Szarabajka) who he does not like. After escaping, they kidnap a little boy (T.J. Lowther). It is not a simple kidnapping story as people expect with violence and blood. This man, as he describes himself, is not a good guy, but not the worst either. The boy, living with his mom and two sisters, follows their family's religion, Jehovah's Witnesses, which forbids him from celebrating Halloween and Christmas. The man gives the boy opportunities to play the games that he wants to, tells him what is wrong and what is right, and asks him to be independent and make his own choices. Shea Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "A Perfect World," ostensibly about the escape of convicts Butch Haynes (Kevin Costner) and Terry Pugh (Keith Szarabajka) from a Huntsville prison, quickly focusses on their hostage-taking of an 8-year old boy, Philip Perry (T. J. Lowther). The movie opens with the final scene, Butch lying in a field with a Casper the Friendly Ghost mask lying beside him in the grass, a helicopter hovering, and money blowing in the breeze. Both the man and the mask have a faint smile on their faces. The rest of the movie answers the questions posed by that enigmatic opening image. In a small town somewhere in Texas, the town kids are trick or treating except for one family sitting at the kitchen table talking about Halloween. The mother, Gladys Perry (Jennifer Griffin), explains that their religious beliefs put them on a higher plane where such activities are forbidden. Just then the doorbell rings and some children outside yell "trick or treat." Gladys answers the door and explains they don't participate in the holiday because they are Jehovah's Witness. Meanwhile, Larry Billings, a prison guard, returns to the prison to get some paperwork to do at home even as the two prisoners in their cells (Butch and Terry) consult with an elderly inmate regarding where the vents go. Once Butch and Terry break through the vents, and it is clear that an escape is underway, Butch tells Terry that they will separate when they get free and reach the state line because he doesn't like Terry. And Terry agrees with that plan as their hatred for each other coalesces. Butch and Terry get past the guard at the gate in Larry's car with Larry at the wheel. Once they reach town they commandeer Larry's car and search for a new escape car. Terry is sidetracked by Gladys making breakfast. Terry breaks into the kitchen holding a gun and terrorizes her, grabbing her around the neck for a smooch. Young Philip, who has wandered in, gets on Terry's nerves so he slaps the boy, an action that further infuriates Butch and precipitates a struggle between the two. Butch asks Philip to pick up the "Pistola" and give it to him. Then Butch says to point it at him and say "stick em up," a make-believe playful act, but deadly serious, which he does. A neighbor tries to save the family but Buzz asks him to drop the rifle because he might hit the boy and the neighbor agrees, a pattern of negotiation and violence avoidance that continues throughout the movie. Butch and Terry take the boy, Philip, as a hostage and leave, still in the guard's car. At the state office of the Texas Rangers, Red Barnett (Clint Eastwood) speaks with the Governor by phone. Sally Gerber (Laura Dern), criminologist from Huntsville hired by the Governor to assist Red in matters concerning parole and escapes, introduces herself to Red as one of the team, a fact that does not sit well with Red. The Governor also loans Red's team a shiny new truck and trailer to track the escapees. The rig has lots of bells and whistles and looks suspiciously like a Campaign Headquarters on Wheels with its decorative bunting. While loading up the new trailer prior to starting the manhunt, FBI agent Bobby Lee (Bradley Whitford) is added to the team and Sally is almost left behind. Meanwhile, the escapees and their young hostage are trying to find somewhere to hide out. Terry looks for his cousin's name in a phone book while keeping an eye on Butch and threatening him. Butch responds by breaking his nose. They stop at a store for provisions and Butch asks Philip to train the gun on Terry to hold him in check while Butch shops. Terry starts to play with Philip and try to get the gun away, and resorts to intimidating Philip physically and verbally by casting aspersions on Philips manhood ("Kind a puny, ain't it?"). When Terry grabs Philip, Philip bites his hand and runs to hide in a corn field across the road, maintaining possession of the gun. Terry searches for Philip even as Butch sees his traveling companions are missing. Butch locates Philip first in the corn field and Philip returns the gun to Butch. Butch shoots Terry. As Butch and Philip get back to the car, the store owner emerges from the store with a rifle but Butch tells him to go lie on the floor of the store until they leave. As the truck and trailer head down the road Red's manhunt team learns about the sighting of the escapees. Sally tells Red they need an auxiliary roadblock because the prisoners will split up. Only one road block is set up. Red and Sally argue about her spot on the team. Red informs her that a strong back side and a sense of humor are the only prerequisites to serving on his team. Sally explains that she is not a moron, she just wants to do her job. Red says that he is in charge and takes responsibility but agrees to listen to her concerns. Butch and Philip continue on as running buddies, drinking RC Cola and getting to know each other. Butch appeals to the boy's desire to play by telling Philip that the car is a time machine and they are driving into the future. He explains gas and brake pedals and that they need to find a Ford to steal. Terry's body is found. Red's entourage continues to follow the escapees. Butch and Philip find a Ford. Butch has Philip play "like an Injun" and check whether the keys are in the ignition and whether there is a radio. Yes on both counts. While Philip relieves himself, Butch goes to a clothes line to steal some civilian clothes for himself. The farmer who owns the car and the home spots him helping himself. While the farmer runs in from his tractor, Butch jumps in the Ford and fiddles with the starter for an interminable time. The farmer nearly catches the two until Philip bites his hand and he releases his grip on the car. The manhunt team discusses whether locals should shoot if they have a clear shot. Red and Sally say no because of the boy. Butch learns that Philip's dad is gone. They realize they have some things in common: they are handsome, they like RC, and their dads ain't worth a damn. They are on their own and seek foolish destiny. Red gets to the scene of the car recovery. They pry open the trunk and find the dead guard, Larry Billings, inside. Sally barfs and Red shows a smidgeon of compassion. Butch gives Philip an alias, Buzz, so they can go to a store called Friendly's to buy skivvies, britches, rope, and duct tape. Buzz eyes a Casper costume left over from Halloween. A local cop finds the car parked by the store and waits to nab the escapees. The clerk flirts with Butch and gets a nice tip. Butch refuses to buy the Casper costume. Mr. Willits, the store manager, starts to call to report presence of Haynes but Haynes threatens him with a look. Troubles aplenty outside but Butch outmaneuvers them and stops by to pick Buzz up on way out of town. "You ain't so friendly," is Butch's take on the clerks screaming at Buzz for shoplifting the Casper costume. The two are a team. Buzz and Butch hide behind a barn while the coast clears. Butch forgives Buzz by saying that although stealing is wrong, the Casper costume theft is an exception to the rule. Buzz is embarrassed by his puny pecker (in the words of Terry). Butch looks at it and declares it good sized for a boy his age. Buzz is heartened by Butch's assessment. Red and Sally believe that Haynes (Butch) and the boy are headed for the Panhandle. Sally outlines Butch's sad life before incarceration. Mom killed herself and Daddy split. After Haynes killed a man who hurt his mom when he was just 8, he stayed clear of the law until he stole a car some years later. Haynes received an inappropriately long sentence. Sally declares that where they are going is not important but why they are going there is very important. Butch trains his navigator in the ways of map-reading. They pass a trailer and wave just for fun. Turns out it is the team of trained criminologists. The trailer does a U-turn when they spot the Casper costume. A chase ensues. The trailer and truck get separated in the process. The Governor's trailer crashes, much the worse for wear. The Governor tells Buzz's mom that the boy is OK as he smiles for the cameras. Butch lets Buzz decide what to do, whether to hoof it or stick with the car. Butch informs Buzz that he is headed for Alaska. Buzz considers the options and decides that 1500 miles is too far to walk. Supply inventory is low, just soda, gum, and half a Moon pie. The Governor wants the trailer back but Red doesn't tell him its condition. With Buzz now sporting the Casper costume, they go trick or treating even though Buzz is a Jehovah's Witness and Halloween is past. Butch tells him how it's done. They go to a woman's house way out in the country, and she says that he is too late. He missed the popcorn balls. When she sees Butch's gun, however, she changes her mind and gives them whatever she has, including money. They feast on the spoils, mustard sandwiches. Later, while Buzz sits in the car alone waiting for Butch to check out the road block, the car starts rolling. Buzz finally sorts out the brake from the accelerator and stops it. Then it happens again. A guy out with his family almost hit by the car buys their story about bad brakes and agrees to take them along in their car, enabling the pair on the lam to get through a checkpoint. The mom in the car with Butch and Buzz blesses her children out and slaps them for spilling a drink in the new car. Butch's face clouds over and he decides to have Bob let them out of the car. Then he kicks the family out with their suitcases and steals their car. The next scene is of the family approaching one of the roadblocks on foot. Red and Company are getting hungry. They find steaks and tater tots in the trailer and Red starts cooking them up. Bobby Lee tries to put the make on Sally but Red cuts it short to ask Sally how she likes her steaks cooked. Then Red sets the would-be suitor Bobby Lee straight about the mission. Butch and Buzz talk over the limitations of the Jehovah's Witness religion. Butch introduces Buzz to the fun side of American life by allowing him to ride on the car roof. Later, they stop for dinner and Butch hopes for a side order of nookie from the waitress. Buzz watches out of curiosity. When Buzz is discovered, the couple's mood is dampened. Butch and Buzz get back on the road not fully replenished. They discuss women and love. Butch and Buzz hide in a corn field to lay low, plan their journey, and catch some sleep. Buzz tells Butch he wants to return home and Butch promises to return him soon. Butch reassures him of his concern for the boy by asking him to make a list of all the stuff he wants to do, such as eat cotton candy, and says he will try to make certain he gets a chance to do some of it. Sally asks Red whether he was a sheriff when Haynes got his long sentence for stealing the car. Red said Butch's dad was a crook, bad news, and Red thought it would be better for Butch to send him away from the household to an institutional setting. Regret was in his eyes. A sharecropper, Mack (Wayne Dehart), finds Butch and Buzz in the corn and offers them a place to sleep and Butch agrees. Mack hits his grandson, Cleve (Kevin Jamal Woods), upside the head and Butch does not approve. The two families eat breakfast together the next day and get to know each other. Butch shows Cleve a gymnastic trick like skinning the cat and they practice a little. Butch plays some old 45's and invites Mack's wife, Lottie (Mary Alice), and the boys, to dance. Butch talks about growing up in a whore house watching his mama dance. Mack hears about the manhunt on the radio and the mood changes quickly: Butch threatens him to secure his silence. The farmer's family gets tied up with their mouths taped shut, and Butch is ready to kill Mack for hitting his grandson. Trust is the topic of conversation and it is clear that Buzz does not trust Butch as much as he did because of Butch's hairpin temper. Buzz shoots Butch in the gut, crying the entire time. Then he throws the gun in the well, throws the car keys on the ground, and runs away. Butch, bleeding profusely, shows mercy and leaves his pocket knife on the table so Mack and his family can use it to free themselves after he leaves. Philip crawls under a fence and runs through a field, leaving a bit of his torn costume on the fence. Butch follows him telling him he's a hero and agrees to let him drive if he will continue on as his running buddy. It is clear, however, that they have reached the end of the line. Philip climbs a tree. Butch is slowly dying from his wound but he continues to follow the boy. Butch asks Philip to go with him to Alaska and he reads the message from his dad on the back of the postcard out loud to Philip. Philip apologizes for shooting him. Butch says he was glad it was Philip who shot him and not some stranger. Butch and Philip are surrounded by cops. Shotguns abound and Bobby Lee, the FBI agent, gets out a high-powered rifle with a telescopic site and prepares to shoot Butch. Red talks to Butch via a megaphone. Negotiations begin and end with a threat to kill the boy even though the "pistola" is in the well. Gladys, Philip's mom, arrives on a helicopter and she pleads for Philip's life. Philip trick or treats the group of cops and Butch negotiates for Philip's future fun, not his own life. When Philip tries to say that his Mom lets him do a lot of great stuff, Butch is skeptical: "Don't kid a kidder, Philip." Butch makes her promise to allow him to go to fairs and trick or treat and Philip vouches for her veracity as a "real good mama." Butch asks him to walk toward the cops and yell, Trick or treat! The running buddies shake hands goodbye. Philip, still dressed as Casper the Friendly Ghost, starts to go to his mom but returns to Butch who is dying. Philip is worried they will shoot Butch. They hug and begin to walk toward the cops very slowly, hand in hand. Red walks out to talk to them but tells Bobby Lee to keep him "locked down, clean as a whistle." Red drops his gun on the ground and tells Butch to drop his gun. Butch says Pistola is gone, thanks to his partner. Butch tries to hand the postcard to Philip but Bobby Lee, looking through his scope, thinks Butch is reaching for a weapon and shoots him, a mortal wound. Buzz weeps over him. They run and grab the boy as Red looks on and winces. Red punches Bobby Lee for improper discharge of his weapon. Sally gives Bobby Lee a knee to the groin for good measure. The last scene is Butch in the field again as in the first scene. Only now it is clear that Butch is a ghost too. 
 Where the Heart Is (2000)651) A pregnant seventeen-year-old rebuilds her life after being abandoned by her boyfriend at a Walmart in Sequoyah, Oklahoma. Novalee Nation (Natalie Portman) is a pregnant seventeen-year-old from Tennessee heading to California with her boyfriend Willie Jack Pickens (Dylan Bruno), but is abandoned by him at a Walmart in Sequoyah, Oklahoma. Novalee has no job, no skills, and only five dollars and fifty-five cents in her pocket, so she secretly lives in the Walmart until her daughter Americus (Mackenzie Fitzgerald) is born six weeks later. Novalee decides to raise her daughter and rebuild her life in Sequoyah, Oklahoma, with the help of eccentric but kind strangers. Based on the best-selling novel by Billie Letts. Stephen Hughes Having lived her entire life in a trailer, Novalee Nation (Natalie Portman) is a pregnant, superstitious, and uneducated seventeen-year-old. With the exception of her boyfriend and the unborn baby's father Willie Jack Pickens (Dylan Bruno), she is all alone in the world with very little money of her own. On the drive from their current home in Tennessee to Bakersfield, California, where they are planning on moving, Willie Jack abandons Novalee in the small town of Sequoyah, Oklahoma. With no food and very little money, Novalee ends up secretly living in the town's Walmart. As her stay in Sequoyah is extended, Novalee is befriended and ultimately assisted by a variety of townsfolk, including a recovering alcoholic named Sister Husband (Stockard Channing), single mother and nurse Lexi Coop (Ashley Judd), who names her children after snack foods, Walmart's contract photographer named Moses Whitecotten (Keith David), and the temporary librarian named Forney Hull (James Frain), an academically brilliant man originally from New England. As much as they help Novalee, she in turn has a profound affect on them as each is dealing with an issue which stops them from having a truly fulfilled life. Forney ends up falling in love with Novalee, who feels she has to make a decision of how she can best help him. She is assisted in this decision by an unlikely source. Huggo Novalee Nation (Natalie Portman), a pregnant teen, goes on the road with her dreamer boyfriend, Willie Jack Pickens (Dylan Bruno), who abandons her in a Walmart in Sequoyah, Oklahoma. Left alone with virtually no money, she hides out in the store for six weeks until her baby, Americus (Mackenzie Fitzgerald), is born. After the birth, she gets national recognition as giving birth to the "Walmart baby". She makes friends with two local women (the religious, but promiscious Sister Husband (Stockard Channing) and Lexi Coop (Ashley Judd), a woman with a pile of kids, who also seems to have considerable man problems until she marries the local exterminator). She also becomes friends with Walmart photographer Moses Whitecotten (Keith David), who leads her to a career, and with a young man, Forney Hull (James Frain), who runs the library and takes care of his alcoholic sister, who is the real librarian. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Novalee Nation (Natalie Portman), seventeen-years-old and very pregnant, has never been part of a real home. The closest thing to family for the hard-luck teen is her selfish, would-be musician boyfriend, Willie Jack Pickens (Dylan Bruno), with whom she's travelling from Tennessee to California in a rust bucket of a Plymouth. A bathroom stop en route, at a Sequoyah, Oklahoma Walmart, changes Novalee's life forever. For when she leaves the store, she discovers that Willie Jack and the Plymouth are gone. Only her Polaroid camera remains in the parking space. Alone and broke, Novalee surreptitiously moves into the vast store, taking food and supplies from its shelves. When she gives birth on the floor - and her hideaway is revealed - Novalee and her "Walmart baby" become instant celebrities. More importantly, over the next few years, Novalee finally becomes part of an unconventional, makeshift family comprised of her wonderfully eccentric new friends. Now, with the family she always wanted, Novalee is transformed from a homeless teen to a successful and strong woman. She has finally found a home in this small town where fate has dropped her. Hyacinth Tachi <hitachi69@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Seventeen-year-old, seven-months-pregnant Novalee Nation (Natalie Portman) sets off on a road trip from Tennessee to California with her ignorant, ne'er-do-well boyfriend, Willy Jack Pickens (Dylan Bruno). In Sequoyah, Oklahoma, Novalee asks Willy to stop at a Wal-Mart so that she can use the bathroom and replace her shoes, which had fallen out the bottom of their beat-up car. When Novalee reaches out for her change at the checkout, the sum of $5.55 sends her into a panic, as she believes that the number 5 is a bad omen, as when she was 5, her mother left her for a baseball umpire; and when she was waitressing, a customer went berzerk and cut her arm from wrist to elbow, and it took 55 stitches to close the wound. She runs outside to discover that Willy has taken off without her. For the rest of the afternoon, Novalee browses Wal-Mart, where she meets Sister Husband (Stockard Channing), who runs the Welcome Wagon in town. Sister Husband mistakenly believes Novalee to be her long-lost relative Ruth Ann, and she gives her a buckeye tree and a welcome basket. Novalee also meets photographer Moses Whitecotton (Keith David) who later becomes her mentor. That evening, Novalee feels unwell and runs into the bathroom to vomit. When she comes out again, she discovers that the store is closed, locked, and dark. She soon figures out how to live undetected in the Wal-Mart. Novalee visits the town library and meets Forney Hull (James Frain), who works there while caring for his sister "the librarian", an alcoholic. Novalee learns from Sister Husband that Forney was attending Bowdoin College in Maine, where he was studying to be a history teacher before he had to leave school to care for his sister. Novalee goes to Sister Husband's house and explains that she is not Ruth Ann. Nonetheless, Sister Husband invites her in for cornbread and buttermilk, and Novalee plants the buckeye tree in Sister's yard. Back in the Wal-Mart, Novalee wakes up during a thunderstorm when she starts feeling pain in her abdomen. Her water breaks, and while attempting to mop it up, she goes into labor. As she collapses, she notices that she is in Aisle 5, so she makes a big effort to move to the next aisle. At this moment, Forney (who saw her go into the store at closing time) jumps through a plate-glass window and helps deliver her baby. The next morning, Novalee wakes up in the hospital, where she learns she has become a minor celebrity for giving birth in a Wal-Mart. After being asked by her nurse, Lexie Coop (Ashley Judd) what she will name her baby, Novalee replies Americus, following Moses's advice to name her a strong name. Novalee gets to know Lexie, who reveals that she has had four children by three different men, all named after snacks: Brownie, Praline, Cherry, and Baby Ruth. While in the hospital, Novalee gets a visit from her mother (Sally Field), whom she has not seen since she was a child. Her mother asks if she has a place to live. Novalee says no, and her mother says that pooling their cash, they can get an apartment together. She hands over all her money, $500, to her mother, who promises to pick her and Americus up at 9:00 a.m. the next day. At 12:15 p.m. Novalee is still waiting, and realizes that her mother took her money, leaving her destitute and homeless. Just then, Sister Husband comes by and invites Novalee and the baby to live at her house, as "she does not know how to take care of the buckeye tree". Meanwhile Willy Jack is in prison but trying to make it as a country singer, after being arrested for dating a young teenager who robbed a 7-11, and hired by music agent Ruth Meyers (Joan Cusack). Back at Sister Husband's house, an evangelical couple from Midnight, Mississippi come to "show the Wal-Mart Baby the word of God", but Sister Husband slams the door on them. Novalee and Forney are getting Christmas trees when Forney recalls that Americus is five months old, sending Novalee into a panic about her unlucky number and racing home to find out that Americus has been kidnapped. Sister Husband tells a police officer about the church folks that came to her house from Midnight, Mississippi. Novalee recalls that while in the hospital, she was reading cards that people sent her, and that one from Midnight, Mississippi said her baby was an abomination to the Lord. They follow the police cars to the outside of a church, where they find Americus in Baby Jesus's manger. Five years later, Novalee has begun a career as a photographer with the help of Moses Whitecotton. One day a tornado blows through the town. Novalee and Americus hide in an underground shelter, but Sister is out running an errand and does not make it back in time. Sister Husband is killed and their home is destroyed. After the funeral, one of Sister Husband's friends informs Novalee that she is the beneficiary of Sister's estate, worth around $41,000, which Novalee uses to build a new home for herself and Americus on Sister's land. One day, Novalee receives a call from Brownie, Lexie's eldest child. Novalee cannot hear what he is saying, but eventually perceives that something bad has happened. She goes over to Lexie's house, where she finds Lexie, Brownie, and Praline covered in blood and bruised. Novalee invites Lexie and her now five children to live with her and Americus in their new house. Lexie tells Novalee that her new boyfriend had tried to molest her two oldest children, Brownie and Praline, when Praline threw up on him, whereupon Lexie returned home from work early and caught him before he got to Brownie. Lexie attacked him, hitting him twice before he knocked her out. Lexie is at first devastated, but as time passes she and her children begin to heal, and she eventually marries the ordinary yet reliable Ernie the Exterminator and has another child. When Forney's sister passes away due to alcoholism and he does not show up at the funeral, Novalee finds him in a hotel and comforts him. They end up sleeping together, after which he tells her that he loves her; she doesn't reply. Forney returns to Maine to bury his sister, and the townspeople remark on how he can finally leave town and have a life. When he comes back, he talks about visiting Bowdoin, and Novalee realizes that he can now finish his education. Forney tells Novalee he loves her and wants to stay with her, but Novalee lies, saying she does not love him, and he leaves. On Americus's 5th birthday, Novalee is paranoid about her party because of unlucky five: When Americus was five days old, she had jaundice; at five weeks old, she had an ear infection; at five months old, she was kidnapped). Meanwhile, Novalee picks up a newspaper and reads about a double amputee being robbed of his wheelchair. The amputee proves to be Willy Jack, who lost his legs when he got drunk after being sued for copyright infringement for his hit song. While drunk, he kept hearing Novalee's voice talking about Americus; then he tripped on train tracks and was hit by an oncoming train. During his singing career, he just missed running into Novalee when he entered an elevator with his agent just moments after Novalee exited the other elevator on her way to accepting an award for a photograph. Novalee visits Willy in the hospital and tells him about her life. He admits that he lied to her when he told her that he didn't feel the baby's heart beat the day he left her. He says he wishes he could go back and undo the lie, because a single lie can change your whole life. He explains that people lie because they're "scared, crazy, or just mean". Novalee realizes that she made a similar mistake lying to Forney. She drives Willy Jack home to Tennessee and then continues on to Maine to find Forney. Novalee admits to him that she lied and that she really loves him, and they return to Oklahoma to get married in a Wal-Mart. 