nm0003244:

 Bad Boys II (2003)541) Two loose-cannon narcotics cops investigate the flow of Ecstasy into Florida from a Cuban drug cartel. Miami is being flooded with ecstasy that's coming from Cuba through drug lord Johnny Tapia. Detectives Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett are on the case, and are determined to bring the man to justice. Additional drama is provided by friction with the DEA, which counts Marcus' younger sister Sydney among its agents, and from Marcus possibly transferring out of the department, leaving Mike without his longtime partner. Narcotics cops Mike Lowrey ( Will Smith ) and Marcus Burnett ( Martin Lawrence ) head up a task force investigating the flow of ecstasy into Miami. Their search leads to a dangerous kingpin Johnny Tapia ( Jordi Moll ), whose plan to control the city's drug traffic has touched off an underground war. Meanwhile, things get sexy between Mike and Syd ( Gabrielle Union ), Marcus's sister. Anonymous Mike Lowrey ( Will Smith ) and Marcus Burnett ( Martin Lawrence ), who are part of the Miami PD's Tactical Narcotics Team (TNT), still don't always get along, and now they're keeping secrets from each other. Mike's secret is that he's been seeing Marcus' sister, Sydney "Syd" Burnett ( Gabrielle Union ) who is a reported paper pusher for the DEA's New York office. Marcus's secret is that he has asked for a transfer, because he wants to spend more time with his family, and less time with Mike. That's all set aside when their boss, Captain Howard ( Joe Pantoliano ) assigns them to stop the flow of record amounts of ecstasy into the city. This puts Mike and Marcus on the trail of the most dangerous enemy that they have ever faced...Cuban drug kingpin Hector Juan Carlos "Johnny" Tapia, who wants to take control of the entire ecstasy trade in the USA, and is working with local dealers and club owners such as Russian mafia boss Alexei. Every time the Miami PD has ever arrested Tapia, Tapia has sued the Miami PD for false arrest, and won millions of dollars. This has caused the department to back off and not go after Tapia. Well, everyone has backed off except for Mike and Marcus, who have never faced Tapia before. Now, it seems that Tapia is using a mortuary as a cover for his operations, smuggling ecstasy hidden inside dead bodies, while sending his money to Cuba in hidden compartments in the coffins. While Mike and Marcus try to bring Tapia down, they also deal with the discovery that Syd is actually working undercover for the DEA to bring down a money laundering operation run by Alexei, and as part of her undercover job, Syd is in deep with Tapia. When Haitian gangsters try to steal Tapia's money and kill Syd, the two investigations cross paths. Syd's cover is later blown, and she is kidnapped by Tapia, who takes her to his compound in Cuba. With the unofficial help of people from the CIA, the Miami PD, and anti-Castro forces in Cuba, Mike and Marcus head out to rescue Syd, and bring Tapia down. How far will Tapia go to keep his drug empire? And how far will Marcus and Mike go to rescue Syd? Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Staring Martin Lawrence (Marcus Burnett) and Will Smith (Mike Lowery) is the second in a series of movies, which they play under cover vice cops in Miami. This time they are out to take down a Cuban drug kingpin Johnny Tapia (Jordi Molla) who is smuggling Ecstasy pills into Miami. Martin has some mental issues with his partner, and they squabble with each other all through the movie. Martin wants to break away from Will, and Martin has good reasons, especially, after Will shoots him in the rear. 
 Blow (2001)431) The story of how George Jung , along with the Medelln Cartel headed by Pablo Escobar , established the American cocaine market in the 1970s in the United States. A boy named George Jung grows up in a struggling family in the 1950's. His mother nags at her husband as he is trying to make a living for the family. It is finally revealed that George's father cannot make a living and the family goes bankrupt. George does not want the same thing to happen to him, and his friend Tuna, in the 1960's, suggests that he deal marijuana. He is a big hit in California in the 1960's, yet he goes to jail, where he finds out about the wonders of cocaine. As a result, when released, he gets rich by bringing cocaine to America. However, he soon pays the price. Anonymous George Jung is the son of a struggling small business owner. Seeing his family struggle to make ends meet and failing, George vows never to share a similar fate. Moving to California, he starts his own pot pushing operation in which he finds both success and imprisonment. In prison, he meets a cell-mate who introduces him into a partnership to the lucrative new market in cocaine. Upon release, George Jung quickly becomes instrumental in establishing the exploding US market for cocaine in which he claimed that he handled about 85% of the supply in the 1970s. However, for all the fabulous wealth and power he gained, the true costs of his dangerously treacherous occupation catch up with him in ways from which he would never recover. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@home.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens to a young George (Jesse James) and his parents Fred (Ray Liotta) and Ermine (Rachel Griffiths). Fred files for bankruptcy and loses everything. Fred tries to instill George with a belief that money is not important. A grown-up George (Johnny Depp) moves to Southern California with his friend "Tuna" (Ethan Suplee) and they plan to earn a living by selling marijuana with the help of an airline stewardess, Barbara Buckley (Franka Potente), and a girlfriend of George who introduces them to her friend/entrepreneur Derek Foreal (Paul Reubens), the main dealer, who also runs a hair salon. With Derek's help, George and Tuna make a lot of money. Kevin Dulli (Max Perlich), a college student back in Boston who is a friend, visits them and tells them of the enormous demand for pot in Boston. With the help of Barbara, they start bringing the drugs to Boston. As the demand grows, they decide to start buying the drugs directly from Mexico with the help of a few Mexican drug lords. George then proceeds on to Chicago to do business, but is caught trying to import 660 pounds of marijuana and he is sentenced to two years. George skips bail (after trying to plead his innocence by reciting It Ain't Me Babe) to take care of Barbara, who is suffering from, and eventually succumbs to, cancer. While hiding from the authorities George visits his parents back in Massachusetts. While he is having a heart to heart talk with his father, George's mother calls the police who come and arrest him. George is now sentenced to twenty-six months in a federal prison in Danbury, Connecticut. His cellmate Diego Delgado (Jordi Molla) has contacts in the cocaine trade in Colombia and convinces George to help him go into business. When George gets out of prison, he violates his parole conditions and heads down to Cartagena, Colombia to meet up with Diego. They meet with Cesar Rosa, to negotiate the terms for smuggling 15 kilograms for "good faith". As the smuggling operation grows, Diego gets arrested, leaving George to find a way to sell 50 kilos (110 lbs) of blow and get the money in time. He reconnects with Derek in California, and the two successfully sell all of it in 36 hours, amassing a $1.35 million profit. George is then whisked off to Medellin, Colombia, where he finally meets Pablo Escobar (Cliff Curtis) who agrees to go into business with George and Diego. With the help of main middleman Derek, the pair becomes Pablo's #1 importer. After an altercation with Diego over his "connection", who happened to be Derek (Diego pressured George to reveal his connection), and a drug-related collapse, George returns home and vows to leave the drug business forevermore, especially as he now has a daughter. All goes well with George's civilian lifestyle for five years, until his wife Mirtha (Penelope Cruz) organizes a 38th birthday party for him. Many of his former drug business associates attend, including Derek who reconciles with George after it is revealed that Diego cut him off of their deal. The party is raided by police and George is arrested. Following his conviction, he becomes a fugitive dodging his court date. Meanwhile, his large Panamanian bank accounts have been seized. His wife Mirtha causes him to be arrested while driving one night. He is sent to jail for three years and during that sentence Mirtha gives him the news that she wants a divorce and she wants custody of their nine year old daughter, Kristina Sunshine Jung. On his release he finds himself struggling to keep a relationship with his daughter on good terms. George promises his daughter Kristina (Emma Roberts) a vacation in California and goes into one last deal to garner enough money for the trip. On the deal, he is set up by the FBI and DEA, along with old accomplices, and sentenced to 60 years at Otisville Correctional Facility in upstate New York. He explains in the end that the sentence did not bother him, nor did the fact that he was betrayed by his accomplices "to save their own asses" bother him. What bothered him was he broke a promise to his daughter, in addition to the emotional damage he caused on those he loved (especially his daughter) and how his ambition exceeded his talent. In prison, his lawyer says that his request for a furlough for George to see his dying father was squashed by his unforgiving mother, who says it would only upset him. He is given a tape recorder to record a final message to his father. In the message, George recounts his memories of working with his father, his run-ins with the law, and how finally, too late, does he realize what his father meant when his said that money is not "real". The film closes with George being an old man in prison, imagining that his daughter finally comes to visit him and conversing with him. She slowly fades away as a guard calls for George indicating that she is not real and just an illusion. The film concludes with notes indicating that Jung is still in prison, his sentence not to expire until 2015, and his daughter yet to visit him, with the final imagery being a photograph of the actual George Jung. 
 Riddick (2013)541) Left for dead on a sun-scorched planet, Riddick finds himself up against an alien race of predators. Activating an emergency beacon alerts two ships: one carrying a new breed of mercenary, the other captained by a man from Riddick's past. The infamous Riddick has been left for dead on a sun-scorched planet that appears to be lifeless. Soon, however, he finds himself fighting for survival against alien predators more lethal than any human he's encountered. The only way off is for Riddick to activate an emergency beacon and alert mercenaries who rapidly descend to the planet in search of their bounty. The first ship to arrive carries a new breed of merc, more lethal and violent, while the second is captained by a man whose pursuit of Riddick is more personal. With time running out and a storm on the horizon that no one could survive, his hunters won't leave the planet without Riddick's head as their trophy. Universal Pictures Betrayed by the Necromongers and left for dead on a remote planet, Riddick learns to adapt to the harsh environment and rediscover his predatory instincts. When a more deadly threat appears on the horizon, he is forced to activate an emergency beacon attracting two ships: one filled with mercenaries, and another captained by a man with a personal vendetta against Riddick. KCWP Five years after Kyra's death, Riddick has become increasingly uneasy in his role as Lord Marshal of the Necromonger fleet. His refusal to swear into the Necromonger faith has caused dissent among his subjects and assassination attempts by his subordinates. After the latest attempt on his life, Riddick strikes a deal with Commander Vaako: the location of Furya and a ship to take him there, in exchange for Vaako succeeding him as the next Lord Marshal, so that he can achieve what he calls transcendence. Led by Vaako's aide, Krone, Riddick and a group of Necromongers arrive on a desolate planet. Realizing that it is not Furya, Riddick kills most of his escort when they attempt to assassinate him. In the chaos, Krone causes a landslide and buries Riddick alive.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this third Riddick film, set five years after 'The Chronicles of Riddick', Richard B. Riddick (Vin Diesel) has become increasingly uneasy in his role as Lord Marshall of the Necromonger fleet. His refusal to swear into the Necromonger faith has caused dissent among his subjects. Riddick strikes a deal with Commander Vaako (Karl Urban); the location of Furya and a ship to take him there, in exchange for Vaako becoming the next Lord Marshall. Led by Vaako's aide, Krone (Andreas Apergis), Riddick and a group of Necromongers arrive on a desolate planet. Recognizing it is not Furya, Riddick kills most of his escort when they attempt to assassinate him. In the chaos, Krone causes a landslide and buries Riddick alive. Emerging from the rubble with a fractured leg, Riddick manages to reset and splint his broken leg and fend off native predators: vulture-like flying animals, viper-like swarms of water animals and packs of jackal-like beasts. Needing time to heal, Riddick hides himself within some abandoned ruins. Riddick later sees a vast savanna beyond some rocky cliffs, but the only passage through is guarded by poisonous, scorpion-like creatures called "Mud Demons" which inhabit several muddy pools. As he builds an immunity to the Mud Demon's venom, Riddick improvises melee weapons, while raising and training an orphaned jackal-beast pup. The two eventually succeed in defeating the Mud Demons and reach the savannah. Riddick soon realizes a massive series of approaching storms are unleashing countless more of the Demons, who must keep their skin wet at all times to survive. Needing to get off-world, Riddick activates an emergency beacon in an empty mercenary station, which broadcasts his identity and presence on the planet. Two ships promptly arrive in answer to the beacon; the first a group of bush-league bounty hunters led by a violent and unstable man named Santana (Jordi Moll), and another better-equipped team of professional mercenaries led by a man named Boss Johns (Matt Nable). Riddick has left them a blood message vowing death to every merc unless they leave one of their ships and depart the planet on the other. Rubio (Neil Napier), Nunez (Noah Danby) and Falco (Danny Blanco Hall) are killed during the first night, forcing a reluctant Santana to cooperate with Johns. Riddick later manages to steal power nodes from each of the teams' ships and then approaches Johns and Santana to strike a deal for their return. However, the conversation turns out to be an ambush. Johns' second-in-command, Dahl (Katee Sackhoff), shoots Riddick with powerful tranquilizers. In an effort to defend his master, Riddick's alien jackal brutally attacks Santana, but is shot multiple times in the throat. Back at the Merc Station, Johns interrogates Riddick about the final fate of his son, William J. Johns (the mercenary from 'Pitch Black'). When the storms finally reach the station, large numbers of Mud Demons emerge from the muddy ground, and besiege the station, killing Lockspur (Raoul Trujillo) and Moss (Bokeem Woodbine). Johns agrees to release Riddick in order to locate the hidden power cells. Santana stops him and attempts to kill Riddick, who is worth twice as much dead as he is alive. Riddick instead beheads Santana thus keeping his earlier promise to kill the merc and avenge the death of his pet. They then fight their way to the ship which houses the hover bikes with Vargas (Conrad Pla) being killed. Johns, Santana's man Diaz, and Riddick leave the ship together on hover bikes on a mission to retrieve the power nodes. During their journey, Diaz knocks Johns' bike over the side, causing him to crash. He is then picked up by Riddick. After they reached the power nodes, Riddick reveals to Johns about his son's addiction to morphine and a spineless attempt by his son to utilize a child as 'bait' for the hostile animals on the world they were stranded on ten years prior. With both of them distracted, Diaz attempts to kill Riddick and Johns. Riddick fights and kills him, but not before unintentionally damaging the only working hover bike (Diaz had already disabled the other one). Riddick and Boss Johns fend off a seemingly endless horde of demons while running back to the station. Riddick is severely wounded. Johns takes both nodes and abandons Riddick. After treating his wound, Riddick begins to fight a futile battle against the advancing Demons. Just when it seems he is about to be killed, Johns arrives in one of the ships and shoots the creatures while Dahl descends to rescue Riddick. Riddick then takes the other ship and as he flies away from the planet he is stopped by Johns in the other ship. Johns asks Riddick where he will go, but thinks better and decides to not know. Riddick praises Johns for being a better man than his son and departs into deep space, presumably to find Furya. 
 Criminal (2016)541) In a last-ditch effort to stop a diabolical plot, a dead CIA operative's memories, secrets, and skills are implanted into a death-row inmate in hopes that he will complete the operative's mission. Bill Pope (Ryan Reynolds) is a CIA agent on a mission in London tracking down a shadowy hacker nicknamed "The Dutchman" (Michael Pitt). When he gets mysteriously ambushed and killed, an experimental procedure is used to transfer his memories into dangerous convict Jerico Stewart (Kevin Costner). When he wakes up with the CIA agent's memories, his mission is to find The Dutchman and make the deal with him before the hacker launches ICBM's and starts World War III. But complications soon arise and the mission turns personal. Captured by a Spanish anarchist before he seals a deal with the profit-motivated hacker known only as the "Dutchman", the London-based CIA operative, Bill Pope, is killed in the line of duty. Suddenly, retrieving the memories and the invaluable information inside the brain of the dead agent become the bureau's top priority--and with the help of Dr Franks' radical procedure--his knowledge is transplanted into the troubled brain of the perfect candidate: the emotionless psychopath, Jerico Stewart. Now, as Jerico's fragmented memories become inextricably intertwined with Pope's classified information about the Intercontinental Ballistic Missile system, he becomes the target of both the CIA and the anarchists. Is a volatile criminal our last hope? Nick Riganas London based CIA operative Billy Pope is killed in his unsuccessful attempt to complete a deal with computer hack Jan Strook, better know online by his handle The Dutchman, for a wormhole program that allows its user to circumvent nuclear codes to launch at will, that deal being the program itself, immunity, a passport, and $10 million. Billy's superior, Quaker Wells, employs Dr. Micah Franks to conduct an untested surgery to transfer Billy's brain functions into another human to be able to access Billy's memory in the goal to discover The Dutchman's hidden location and thus the wormhole program, and where Billy hid the not recovered $10 million. The test subject chosen for his unique physiological brain structure is incarcerated Jerico Stewart, an extremely violent and remorseless criminal with the emotional capacity of a child. Shortly after the surgery, Jerico is able to escape custody, with Wells and Franks unaware of Jerico's mental state. The surgery was partially successful in that Billy's mental functions are conflicting with Jerico's. As Wells and his team go on a quest not only for Jerico but also The Dutchman, The Dutchman himself, in that not completed transaction with Billy, has the wormhole program for sale at that same price, the Russians who are in the market. Overriding it all is former businessman Xavier Heimdahl, The Dutchman's former partner in the wormhole program and Billy's murderer. Xavier's main mission is retrieving the program itself. As such, Xavier is also after Jerico and The Dutchman, and will use whomever he needs to achieve his goal, including targeting Billy's loving family, his wife Jill Pope and their adolescent daughter Emma Pope. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Jerico Stewart (Kevin Costner) standing on a beach. His voice-over states that "they" thought they knew what they were getting when they got inside his head, but they were wrong. He promises that anyone who hurts him will get hurt worse. A van pulls up behind Jerico, and a man steps out. Jerico turns to face him. We jump to a while back in London, where CIA agent Bill Pope (Ryan Reynolds) stops in a shop to pick up a duffel bag full of money. Bill takes time to call his wife Jill (Gal Gadot) back home. The two have a daughter, Emma (Lara Decaro). Bill is being observed by his superior Quaker Wells (Gary Oldman) and fellow agents Marta Lynch (Alice Eve), Esteban Ruiza (Amaury Nolasco), and Pete Greensleeves (Scott Adkins). Bill is knowingly pursued by anarchist Xavier Heimdahl (Jordi Molla). His right-hand woman Elsa Mueller (Antje Traue) follows Bill as he hops into a cab. Elsa and other villains catch the cab and shoot the driver before capturing Bill. Bill is taken to an abandoned building and is tortured by Heimdahl with electrical cables to give up information on Jan Strook, aka The Dutchman (Michael Pitt), a hacker that has created a wormhole that would allow Heimdahl to bypass computer codes and infiltrate central governments. Bill tells Heimdahl "fuck you", which Heimdahl respects, but also gets Bill a cable to his mouth, and he is electrocuted to death. After Heimdahl and Elsa leave, other CIA agents find Bill's body and inform Wells that he is dead. The CIA gets in touch with Dr. Franks (Tommy Lee Jones), who has been working on a memory program that places the memories of the deceased in the head of a living specimen. The plan is to put Bill's memories in someone's head to locate Strook, as he was trying to sell his program to the CIA. They decide on using Jerico, who is known as a remorseless killer with no emotional development that resulted from a childhood incident in which Jerico states that his father threw him out of a moving car and damaged his frontal lobe. We see an interview between Heimdahl and Piers Morgan in which Morgan asks Heimdahl his intentions. Heimdahl states that he thinks the world would be better off without governments, and thus he plans to take them all down. Jerico is taken out of prison for the procedure to begin. Bill's memories go into his head, but the procedure nearly kills Jerico. Later, Wells and the other agents view a video message from Strook, who says he will give the CIA his program in exchange for protection and money, as he had originally been working with Heimdahl, but once Strook changed his mind, Heimdahl got furious and is after him now. Strook is then seen calling the Pope home to ask for Bill, but Jill informs Strook that her husband is dead. After the memory transplant succeeds, Jerico is being transferred by two agents, but he uses a makeshift hook to cut one of the agents and lead to a crash that results in him escaping. He has the cars blow up to make it look like he died. Jerico makes it into town and steals some food and beats up some men to take their van. He then heads over to the Pope house to find the bag of money. He ties Jill up in her bed. All the while, he begins to see some of Bill's memories, most of them involving his time with Jill, but also a vision of the money bag being hidden behind a shelf of George Orwell books. Jerico goes back to the room and unties Jill. He then gets in touch with Ruiza through the home phone, claiming Emma may have hit a button again. Jerico then flees the house. We see another video of Strook stating his plans to sell his program to the Russians now out of fear that the CIA has betrayed him, and the CIA has roughly nine hours to respond to Strook's deadline. Back on the streets, Jerico continues seeing Bill's memories, and he is starting to gain Bill's personality and skills while jumping between that and his natural self. Jerico tries to get himself a drink and orders it in French, mistaking it for Spanish, and one man corrects him before calling him a motherfucker, leading to Jerico breaking the man's nose. He then heads to the library and logs into the computer with Bill's codes, which the CIA discovers. Jerico finds Franks to help him get medication for his head hurting as a result of Bill's memories overwhelming him. It means that Jerico is now able to develop emotions. Their whole encounter is monitored by the CIA. As he leaves the pharmacy, Jerico is taken by several agents. Elsa, who was watching, follows. After a tense encounter at the headquarters between Jerico and the other agents, Jerico is being escorted by Wells to another location. Heimdahl creates a distraction by making it look like Strook was spotted at an airport. This leads to Elsa and Heimdahl's other goons to find the agents and start shooting at them, resulting in the deaths of some agents including Lynch. Jerico escapes the shootout by driving off a bridge. Jerico returns to the Pope house. Jill points a gun at him this time, but Jerico is less hostile this time, and he tells her a memory only she and Bill would know to prove he has Bill's memories. It's about how their first car smelled like fish and chips, and the exhaust blew out a week later. Jill later sees Jerico outside with Emma as they bury one of her toys. Despite being worried at first, Jill realizes that Jerico would not hurt her or Emma. She lets him stay the night. The next morning, Jerico discovers that the money bag is hidden behind a bookshelf in the library at the university where Jill works. He heads there to retrieve it, leaving Elsa to break into the Pope house and abduct Jill and Emma, while Heimdahl gets Jerico. Wells and his team learn of this, and they head out after them, while the Russians have their own team out looking for Strook. Both the CIA and the Russian team circle the university as Heimdahl's goons take Jerico away. He then remembers that Strook is hiding in Jill's office. Elsa forces Jerico to guide her to the office. They pass by the lab, which lets Jerico make a bomb to get away from Elsa. He rushes to Jill's office to find Strook and talk to him, but Elsa finds them. She shoots Strook in the head and nearly takes the drive with his program until Jerico emerges and beats her to death with a lamp. Jerico races to the airfield where Heimdahl is planning to escape with Jill and Emma, despite Wells telling Jerico it's too risky and that lives are at stake. Jerico makes it there and reluctantly hands the drive to Heimdahl so he can let Emma go. Heimdahl shoots Jerico and makes his escape on his plane right before Wells and his men arrive. As Wells yells at Jerico for what he's done, Jerico reveals that he had Strook reprogram the wormhole so that anything launched from that program would hit wherever the launch was made. Therefore, the missile that Heimdahl launched to hit the airfield ends up flying back toward his plane, blowing him (and the wormhole) up. A while later, we see Jerico at the beach he was standing at in the beginning. He is met by Jill and Emma, along with Wells and Franks, and some other agents. Jill and Emma know that Bill lives on in Jerico's head. Wells then tells Franks that he is going to offer Jerico a job. 