nm0002811:

 The Siege (1998)321) The secret U.S. abduction of a suspected terrorist leads to a wave of terrorist attacks in New York City, which leads to the declaration of martial-law. After the abduction by the US military of an Islamic religious leader, New York City becomes the target of escalating terrorist attacks. Anthony Hubbard, the head of the FBI's Counter-Terrorism Task Force in New York, teams up with CIA operative Elise Kraft to hunt down the terrorist cells responsible for the attacks. As the bombings continue, the US government responds by declaring martial law, sending US troops, led by Gen. Devereaux, into the streets of New York City. Karen Eiler <keiler@sprintmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A U.S. military barracks in Dhahran, Saudi Arabia, is bombed by terrorists. It is determined to be the work of Sheikh Ahmed bin Talal, a known extremist. A Black Ops team works to capture the Sheikh. Posing as shepherds herding goats, they stop the Sheikh's car, kill his drivers, and extract him, blowing up the car to destroy evidence. Then, they fly him to the United States to stand trial. The action shifts to New York City, where one day, a call comes in that an MTA bus in Brooklyn has been taken hostage, with NYPD officers and FDNY firefighters on the scene. When the NYPD sends in the bomb squad to disarm the device, it detonates. Much to everyone's relief, it's just a paint bomb, and the passengers are escorted to safety. The investigation into the incident is handled by Special Agent Anthony "Hub" Hubbard (Denzel Washington) of the FBI's Counter-Terrorism Task Force and his partner Frank Haddad (Tony Shalhoub). Though they have to take the investigation seriously, Frank suggests that the crime isn't so severe as to warrant any extreme measures since no one was killed. Hub humorously acknowledges Frank's point but reminds the team that they still need to investigate. As the investigation gets under way, Hubbard is told that someone is flashing a government badge at the warehouse where the bus is being processed. The person in question is a CIA officer named Elise Kraft (Annette Benning). Though she's cordial and asks to liaise with the FBI, Hubbard brushes her off. Thinking she's hiding something, Hubbard gives orders for Elise to be tailed. The next morning, Hubbard and Haddad are summoned to John F. Kennedy International Airport, where a man named Khalil Saleh (Assif Mandvi) has just arrived carrying a briefcase that's packed with $10,000 in small bills. Customs has detained him for further questioning in light of the heightened terror alert. In questioning, he claims that the money is dowry for a wedding. Nonetheless, Hubbard and Haddad tail him to a suburban street in Brooklyn. They follow Khalil as he has a meeting with another unidentified man on the street. Unfortunately, the stakeout is blown when another agent, Mike Johanssen (Mark Valley), inadvertently gives himself away, and Khalil flees on foot. Hubbard and Haddad attempt to give chase in their car, but lose him when he scales a fence and then hops into a passing red van. The van is eventually recovered, and is found to have been reported stolen and carrying bogus plates. While they're on scene, Hubbard and his team get word from another agent, Floyd Rose (Lance Reddick), about the whereabouts of their missing individual: he's shown up at a CIA safehouse in Staten Island, with Elise Kraft. The FBI team raids the safehouse, capturing all of the CIA personnel, including Elise. Hubbard and Haddad personally arrest Elise and put her into their car to be taken into custody. Before she's led away protesting, Hub asks her pointedly if there's a terrorist cell operating in New York. She refuses to answer. As Hubbard and Haddad drive Elise back to Manhattan for further questioning, they try asking her for more information about the bus that was paint-bombed. Elise, however, dodges the questions, instead, bringing up conversation about Haddad's background. While they're driving across the Verrazano-Narrows Bridge, Hubbard's and Haddad's cell phones ring almost simultaneously. It's disturbing news: three men armed with rifles and wearing explosives have just taken an MTA bus hostage at Broadway and Bedford Avenues in Brooklyn. When Hubbard, Haddad and Elise arrive on scene, the NYPD and FDNY have already set up a perimeter and the NYPD Emergency Services Unit is getting snipers into position. Hubbard is patched through to the bus's driver, who agrees to hand the phone over to the hostage taker. Having learned from another officer that there are six children on the bus, Hubbard decides to use that to his advantage. He begins addressing the hostage takers (with Haddad supplying a running translation in Arabic), and makes a plea for them to release the children. As he dons a Kevlar vest, Elise asks Hub if the bus hijackers have presented a list of demands. Hub counters, asking Elise again if there's a cell operating in the area and she again refuses to answer. Hub talks to the hijackers with Frank translating in Arabic. Much to everyone's surprise, the hostage-takers acquiesce to Hubbard's requests and release a group of children from the bus. They are quickly escorted by police back behind the perimeter. Hubbard then resumes negotiations with the hostage-takers, trying to get as many hostages as possible released and offering to take their place for further negotiations. It takes a tense few minutes, but eventually he convinces them to release the elderly passengers. After another tense moment, the bus doors slide open and some senior citizens begin to exit the bus. However, just moments later, the terrorists suddenly renege on their promise and detonate their explosives, causing the bus to explode in a huge fireball. The explosion instantly kills the 25 civilians and suicide bombers still on board and injures numbers of NYPD officers, FBI agents, and FDNY firefighters due to the shockwave and flying debris. Hubbard is among the FBI agents injured when the explosion throws him off his feet and temporarily deafens him during the process. An investigation is quickly launched by a somewhat agitated Hubbard into the bombing. Hub addresses his team, telling them all they have the cooperation of the local Arabic community, who are willing to work with the FBI. Hub drops his normally calm demeanor and orders his team to shake down as many leads, informants, suspects and other Arab groups in the area. As he rails, his nose begins to bleed and he calms down. Hub also talks directly to Khalil, seemingly threatening him with a lit cigarette and demanding to know where Khalil got the money he'd been carrying. Khalil reveals a name: Ali Wasiri. In a turn of events, Wasiri is revealed to have been on a State Department watchlist, leading them to wonder how he got into the country. This is answered when they find a student visa in Wasiri's name, and this leads them to Samir Nazhde, a professor of Arab studies at Brooklyn College who sponsored the application. Hubbard wants to arrest Samir, but Elise insists that Samir is not a terrorist and that his continued freedom is vital to the investigation, even striking up a sexual relationship with him (while Hubbard and Haddad watch from afar). Hubbard also learns from Elise about the possibility that the terrorists behind these attacks might be followers of the Sheikh who are exacting revenge against the United States. A day or so later, Hubbard gets a surprise visit from General William Devereaux (Bruce Willis) of the 101st Airborne Division. While they converse, Hubbard asks Devereaux if he knows anything about the Sheikh. Devereaux claims that the Sheikh is old news, and the bombers' demands for the U.S. to release the Sheikh are impossible to meet because the Sheikh is dead (which we can see is false given the opening sequence). Acting on another lead, the FBI team eventually uncovers an apartment recently leased to three young Arab men. According to the landlord, they spend their days watching TV and eating pizza. This gives Hubbard an idea when they carry out the raid. He sends one of his agents, Danny Sussman (David Proval), up to the apartment disguised as a pizza deliveryman, and carrying a pizza box, in which they have planted a smoke grenade. Right behind Danny is a fully armed SWAT team. Danny drops the pizza box off and it is carried into the apartment. When it explodes in the face of one of the occupants, the SWAT team breaches the door and storms the apartment. Two of the men are killed when they try to shoot back with assault rifles, and the third (the guy who picked up the pizza box) is killed in the crossfire. Haddad finds bombmaking equipment under one windowsill that includes many of the elements used on the bus. Some time later, the FBI team is shown knocking off after work at a midtown Manhattan bar. Hubbard is coerced into slow-dancing with Elise. As they dance, Hubbard asks Elise if she thinks her friend Samir is in league with the terrorists. Elise doesn't seem to think so. The dance is interrupted though when the bar is suddenly rocked by a shockwave, which momentarily knocks out some of the lights and sets off the panic alarms on some cars outside. As it turns out, a bomb has been set off at the New Victory Theatre on 42nd Street. Hubbard, Haddad and Elise race to the scene, and are forced to abandon their car at the north end of Times Square due to emergency vehicles obstructing traffic. When they reach the theatre, they find FDNY firefighters and NYPD officers at work handling triage and evacuating injured or panicked civilians as smoke billows out from the theatre's faade. Numerous civilians have been killed, and many more critically wounded (at one point, Hubbard's attention momentarily falls upon a young woman coming down the staircase missing part of her left arm, before collapsing halfway down into the arms of a firefighter). The terrorist attacks on two buses and the New Victory Theatre has led to an increased sense of urgency and fear amongst New Yorkers. Hubbard holds a strategy meeting with senior law enforcement officials, but things don't go successfully. The meeting is furthermore interrupted when they get a call that a lone gunman has taken kids in an elementary school classroom hostage and planted what appears to be a radio-controlled bomb. While waiting behind the barricade, Hubbard sees the news helicopters hovering around outside. Not willing to let innocent lives be lost, he barges through the artificial police barricade of chairs and furniture, bursts into the classroom, and shoots the gunman. The events in New York City have drawn increased scrutiny from officials in Washington, D.C. Hubbard, General Devereaux and Elise, now going by the name Sharon Bridger, are among those summoned to a meeting of the top heads to discuss how to resolve the terrorist situation. During the conversation, Devereaux is asked about the feasibility of imposing martial law on Brooklyn until the terrorist cells are flushed out. He explains that it would be the worst possible decision to deploy the military as it would not help them find the cells. Furthermore, Hubbard argues that deploying the military will only drive the terrorists underground. However, what's clear, as Sharon explains, is that the terrorist cells aren't working like a traditional terrorist network. In most cells, cutting off the head of the network causes the other cells to die off. In the current situation, each terror cell seems to be operating independent of each other: the bus was the work of the first cell. Once that cell was taken out, the second cell carried out the attack on the theatre gala. There are possibly three or four cells at most in Brooklyn, but the timetable until they are found is impossible to determine without knowing who to look for. While this meeting is underway, another terrorist attack happens in Manhattan as a lone individual crashes a stolen van full of explosives into the lobby of One Federal Plaza, the location of the FBI's Counter-Terrorism Task Force. The blast partially demolishes the building, killing 600 people, including Hubbard's own agents, Johanssen and Tina Osu. In spite of objections, the President declares martial law and elements of the 101st Airborne Division, under Devereaux (Willis), occupies and seals off Brooklyn in an effort to find the remaining terrorist cells. Subsequently all young males of Arab descent, including Haddad's son Frank, Jr., are rounded up and detained in Yankee Stadium. Haddad resigns in protest, while civilians stage violent demonstrations against the Army and the racial profiling of the Arabs and the Army fights to maintain control. There are reports of Army killings. Hubbard and Sharon continue their investigation and capture a suspect, Tariq Husseini, although it isn't without incident as the Army is tipped off to the raid and decides to crash it. In the resulting confusion, the chop shop that Tariq runs is blown up. Husseini is tortured for information, but when he doesn't reveal anything, Devereaux has him shot. Afterward, Bridger tells Hubbard that Husseini knew nothing of value because of the principle of compartmentalized information and, sickened, she finally tells Hubbard what she knows. It is revealed that she herself provided training and support to militants opposed to Saddam Hussein's regime. After the funding was cut, she took pity on the few of them who had not yet been taken out by Hussein's forces, and arranged for them to escape to the United States, ultimately leading to the present situation. She and Hubbard compel Samir to arrange a meeting with the final terrorist cell. Hubbard convinces Haddad that he needs his help and Haddad returns to the FBI. A multi-ethnic peace march demonstrates against the occupation of Brooklyn. As the march is getting under way Hubbard and Haddad arrive at the meeting place, but Bridger and Samir have already left. Once inside a bathhouse, Samir reveals to Bridger that he is the final cell, and boasts that "there will never be a last cell." He straps a bomb to his body which he intends to detonate amongst the marchers. Hubbard and Haddad arrive in time to stop him leaving but just as they show up, Samir shoots Sharon in the stomach after a struggle. Hubbard shoots Samir but despite their best efforts he and Haddad can only watch as Bridger bleeds to death, saying the first half of the lords prayer and then in Arabic "Inch Allah". Hubbard, Haddad, and other FBI agents, raid Devereaux's headquarters to arrest him for Husseini's death. Deveraux insists that under the War Powers Resolution the authority vested in him by the President supersedes that of the court which issued the arrest warrant. A Mexican standoff ensues, but it's broken when Hubbard reminds Devereaux that the civil liberties and human rights which he took from Husseini are what all his predecessors have fought and died for. Devereaux finally submits, and is detained. Martial law ends and the detainees are freed, including Haddad's son. 
 Courage Under Fire (1996)541) A U.S. Army officer, despondent about a deadly mistake he made, investigates a female chopper commander's worthiness for the Medal of Honor. The pilot of a rescue copter, Captain Karen Walden, died shortly before her helicopter crew was rescued after it crashed in Desert Storm. It first appears that she made a spectacular rescue of a downed helicopter crew, then held her own crew together to fight off the Iraqis after her copter crashed. Lt. Colonel Serling, who is struggling with his own demons from Desert Storm, is assigned to investigate her worthiness for the Medal of Honor. But some conflicting accounts, from her crew and soldiers in the area, cause him to question whether she deserves it. Brian W Martz <B.Martz@Genie.com> Two fictional combat stories come together in this film set during the Gulf War (Aug. 1990-Feb. 1991) and afterwards. LCol Nat Serling is haunted by a mistake he made that cost the lives of a friend and his tank crew. He investigates the recommended Medal of Honor for Capt. Karen Walden, who was killed after her rescue helicopter was shot down. Conflicting reports lead him to probe deeper to uncover the truth about Walden and all of her crew, who survived. In the process, he comes to grips with his own demons. SimonJack This film is a series of flashbacks in which Lieutenant Colonel Nathan Serling attempts to determine whether Captain Karen Walden deserves to be the first woman ever to win the Medal of Honor for combat. Lisa Buckley <buckley@idirect.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Serling (Denzel Washington) was involved in a friendly fire incident in Al Bathra during the Gulf War. He was an M1 Abrams tank battalion commander who, during the nighttime confusion of Iraqi tanks infiltrating his unit's lines, gave the order to fire, destroying one of his own tanks and killing his friend Lieutenant Boylar. The details were covered up (Boylar's parents were told that their son was killed by enemy fire), and Serling was shuffled off to a desk job. Later, he is assigned to determine if Army Captain Karen Emma Walden (Meg Ryan) should be the first woman to receive (posthumously) the Medal of Honor for valor in combat. A Medevac Huey commander, she was sent to rescue the crew of a helicopter that had been shot down. Finding them under heavy fire from an Iraqi tank and infantry, her men dropped an auxiliary fuel bladder on the tank and ignited it with a flare gun. Shortly after, her helicopter was also hit and downed. The two crews were unable to join forces. The survivors were rescued the next day, but Walden had been killed. At first, everything seems to be straightforward, but Serling begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses. Walden's co-pilot, Warrant Officer One Rady (Tim Guinee), praises Walden's character and performance, but was hit and rendered unconscious early on. Serling then sees Walden's medic, Specialist Ilario (Matt Damon), who also praises Walden; by his account, Walden was the one who came up with the idea of the improvised incendiary. Staff Sergeant Monfriez (Lou Diamond Phillips), however, tells Serling that Walden was a coward and that he was responsible for destroying the tank. The members of the other downed crew mention that they heard the distinctive sound of an M16 being used in the firefight during the rescue around the other helicopter, but Walden's crew denies firing one during the rescue, as theirs was out of ammunition. When Serling visits Walden's crew chief, Sergeant Altameyer (Seth Gilliam), who is dying of cancer in a hospital. Altameyer manages to get some words out, further confusing Serling, before self-medicating himself into unconsciousness. Under pressure from the White House and his commander, Brigadier General Hershberg (Michael Moriarty), to wrap things up quickly, Serling leaks the story to newspaper reporter Tony Gartner (Scott Glenn) to prevent another cover up. When Serling puts pressure on Monfriez during a car ride, Monfriez forces him to get out of the vehicle at gunpoint, then commits suicide by driving into an oncoming train. After finding an AWOL Ilario, Serling discovers that Monfriez wanted to escape under cover of darkness, which would have meant leaving Rady behind. Altameyer was ready to follow his lead and Ilario was wavering, but Walden refused to go along, resulting in an armed standoff with Monfriez. When an Iraqi infantryman appeared suddenly behind Monfriez, Walden fired at him. Mistakenly believing he was the target, Monfriez shot back and seriously wounded her. Walden, however, regained control of her men. The next morning, Walden stayed behind to cover their evacuation, firing the M16. Monfriez deliberately lied to the rescuers, telling them that she was dead so she would be left behind. Altameyer, injured and unable to say anything but "no!", was ignored. Ilario remained silent, fearing a court-martial. A-10 airplanes then napalmed the wreckage. Serling presents his final report to Hershberg. Walden's young daughter receives the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony. Later, Serling tearfully tells the Boylars the truth about the manner of their son's death. In the last moments of the film, it is shown that Walden had transported Boylar's body away from the battlefield. 
 The Manchurian Candidate (2004)321) In the midst of the Gulf War, soldiers are kidnapped and brainwashed for sinister purposes. When his army unit was ambushed during the first Gulf War, Sergeant Raymond Shaw saved his fellow soldiers just as his commanding officer, then-Captain Ben Marco, was knocked unconscious. Brokering the incident for political capital, Shaw eventually becomes a vice-presidential nominee, while Marco is haunted by dreams of what happened -- or didn't happen -- in Kuwait. As Marco (now a Major) investigates, the story begins to unravel, to the point where he questions if it happened at all. Is it possible the entire unit was kidnapped and brainwashed to believe Shaw is a war hero as part of a plot to seize the White House? Some very powerful people at Manchurian Global corporation appear desperate to stop him from finding out. A Prentiss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is a remake of the 1962 thriller of soldiers, returning from war, who have been brainwashed and programmed to kill. The movie has been updated from the Korean War era to the war in Iraq (Desert Storm). Captain Bennett Marco (Denzel Washington) is now playing Frank Sinatra's part. Time has passed, and now Major Marco is giving speeches about his platoon being ambushed in the Kuwaiti desert. The Lost Platoon was saved by the heroics of Sergeant Raymond Prentiss Shaw (Liev Schreiber), who received the Medal of Honor. Shaw is now a candidate, running for Vice-President of the United States. Marco can't sleep at night, and when he does, he is having nightmares of what really happened in the desert. He thinks Shaw might not be a hero, and that he may have had something to do with the death of two soldiers in the desert. Marco tries to find the truth and people around him begin to die. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Spider-Man 2 (2004)541) Peter Parker is beset with troubles in his failing personal life as he battles a brilliant scientist named Doctor Otto Octavius. Peter Parker is an unhappy man: after two years of fighting crime as Spider-Man, his life has begun to fall apart. The girl he loves is engaged to someone else, his grades are slipping, he cannot keep any of his jobs, and on top of it, the newspaper Daily Bugle is attacking him viciously, claiming that Spider-Man is a criminal. He reaches the breaking point and gives up the crime fighter's life, once and for all. But after a failed fusion experiment, eccentric and obsessive scientist Dr. Otto Octavius is transformed into super villain Doctor Octopus, Doc Ock for short, having four long tentacles as extra hands. Peter guesses it might just be time for Spider-Man to return, but would he act upon it? Soumitra It's been two years since Peter Parker transformed into Spider-Man, and he is still trying to balance life perfectly. His love for Mary Jane is becoming much stronger, as he finds it hard to not let her down. His friendship with Harry Osborn is at risk, as the young Harry is frustrated with Spider-Man getting away with his father's death. And if this wasn't enough for the super hero, a new enemy is in town. Dr. Otto Octavius is involved in a freak scientific accident and becomes the dangerous Doctor Octopus. Film_Fan On the verge of a nervous breakdown, Peter Parker, now studying physics at the University of Columbia, learns the hard way that life has just got tougher. It's been only two short years since Norman Osborn's death in Spider-Man (2002) , and now, Mary Jane is giving up on Peter, he has lost his job, Aunt May faces imminent foreclosure, and he is missing classes. As Parker is trying to find his feet, still uncertain of whether he wants to be a crime-fighter or not, a freak accident in the name of science gives birth to a new super-villain: the obsessed, multi-tentacled mad scientist, Doc Ock. This time, when the world most needs him, Peter must choose between remaining faithful to his calling, or staying away from Mary Jane, the girl of his dreams. Will Peter Parker embrace his destiny as Spider-Man, New York City's defender? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter Parker is finding his double life increasingly difficult. Precariously struggling to balance his crime-fighting duties as Spider-Man with the demands of his normal life, Peter often finds his personal life taking a back seat. He loses a job delivering pizzas in Manhattan, faces financial difficulties, and struggles to maintain his physics studies at Columbia University. Moreover, he has become estranged from both love interest Mary Jane, who to Peter's disappointment is in a relationship, and best friend Harry Osborn who falsely accuses Spider-Man of murdering his father, and his Aunt May is threatened with foreclosure. Harry, now head of Oscorp's research division, has invested in the research of brilliant scientist Otto Octavius, Peter's idol. To perform a sustained fusion experiment, Octavius has developed a set of artificially intelligent mechanical arms, which are impervious to heat and magnetism. Though the experiment overloads and becomes unstable, Dr. Octavius refuses to halt it, with devastating results: his wife is killed; the neural inhibitor chip which prevented the advanced AI of the arms from influencing Octavius's own mind is destroyed and the arms become fused to his spine. Unconscious, he is taken to a hospital to have the appendages removed, but the tentacles develop their own ability to move at will and brutally kill the surgeons, and Octavius escapes. Uncontrolled, the tentacles begin to corrupt Octavius' mind, playing on his vanity and ego, and he decides he must complete his experiment at any cost. J. Jonah Jameson names him "Doctor Octopus" or "Doc Ock". In an effort to finance his experiments, Doc Ock attempts to rob a bank where Peter Parker and his Aunt May happen to be present. After a short glitch in his powers, Spider-Man manages to recover and soon the two take their fight outside the bank where Doc Ock takes Aunt May as a hostage. When Spider-Man rescues her, she revises her former opinion of him and realizes that he is a hero. Octavius escapes unharmed. During a party, Peter learns that M.J. is planning to marry J. Jonah Jameson's son, John Jameson, an astronaut. He also gets into a physical altercation with Harry, who is drunk because Octavius' failed experiment left Oscorp bankrupt; shortly after, Peter loses his powers while web-slinging across town; he is unable to spin webs, his ability to adhere to smooth surfaces fails and his spider sense is greatly diminished. Meanwhile, Octavius rebuilds his experimental reactor. Peter questions if he could ever have what he "needs", a life as Peter Parker, which involves a vision of Uncle Ben, and resolves to give up being Spider-Man, to which J. Jonah Jameson is delighted, having been given the abandoned Spider-Man suit. Back home, after visiting Uncle Ben's grave, Aunt May is distressed by Peter's confession that he was somewhat responsible for his Uncle Ben's death. Aunt May and Peter reconcile, and she tells Peter of the hope that Spider-Man brings to others, in spite of what dreams he may have to sacrifice. Peter attempts to re-connect with Mary Jane, but she informs him it is too late. In the meantime, Doc Ock has completed rebuilding his reactor, and needs one final item: tritium, a rare metal which fuels the reactor. He goes to Harry Osborn for it, dangling him over the edge of the Osborn mansion balcony when he refuses. Harry agrees to give Ock what he needs in exchange for capturing Spider-Man. Mary Jane meets Peter in a coffee shop to ask if he still loves her, but Peter tells her that he does not. Doc Ock, having been advised by Harry that Peter was the key to finding Spider-Man, destroys the coffee shop. Peter regains his spider-sense at the right moment to throw Mary Jane and himself out of the way of a thrown taxi, but Doc Ock abducts Mary Jane in a plot to lure Spider-Man into a trap. Peter's powers fully return, and he dons his costume (stealing it back from an infuriated Jameson) and engages Doc Ock in a battle, which starts off at the top of a bell tower and then on top of a train. During the battle, Octavius disables the brakes to the train, forcing Spider-Man to rescue the runaway train. Spider-Man manages to stop the train before it can plunge over the end of the track, but at great physical exertion. He nearly falls, but the people in the train catch him and see him without his mask on. They agree to keep his identity a secret and try to protect him from Doc Ock, but his mechanical arms are too much for them. Weak from his exertions Spider-Man becomes dizzy and faints and he is captured by Doctor Octopus and delivered to Harry Osborn. Harry unmasks Spider-Man and is shocked to discover that his sworn enemy is his best friend. Spider-Man awakens and convinces Harry to reveal Octavius' whereabouts so he can rescue Mary Jane, learning that Octavius is rebuilding his machine and threatening the world. Spider-Man finds Doctor Octavius in an abandoned warehouse on a waterfront pier, where he's restarted his fusion experiment. After battling with Doc Ock, Spider-Man manages to stun the villain with an electric shock. Peter then reveals his true identity to Octavius and pleads with him to stop the machine. Returned to his senses by the shock and determined to end his doomsday experiment before it causes more harm, Octavius uses his mechanical arms to collapse the floor of the building, successfully drowning the device at the cost of his own life. Mary Jane sees Peter without his mask on, but Peter tells her they can never be together, as he will always have enemies. Across town, Harry has visions of his father, the late Norman Osborn, in a hanging mirror. The illusion demands that his son kill Peter Parker to avenge his death. Harry refuses and hurls a dagger at the mirror, shattering it and revealing a secret room containing the Green Goblin's combat gear and the serum that gave him his super strength. At the end of the film, Mary Jane leaves her wedding and finds Peter in his apartment, telling him that she has decided to be with him despite the risks. She persuades Peter to finally let her in while accepting the need of his vows by letting him respond to a sudden call for help. She looks on in uncertainty as Spider-Man swings away. 