nm0009921:

 Drones (2010)Summaries A man discovers a universal threat to his life, job and the planet. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Supernatural (20052020)77) Two brothers follow their father's footsteps as hunters, fighting evil supernatural beings of many kinds, including monsters, demons and gods that roam the earth. John Winchester raised his two sons Sam and Dean to hunt and kill all things that go "bump in the night" after his wife Mary was murdered by an evil supernatural being when the boys were little. 22 years later the brothers set out on a journey, fighting evil along the way, to find their recently-missing father; when they finally do he reveals he knows what demon killed their mother and has found a way to track and kill it. Meanwhile, Sam develops frightening abilities such as seeing visions of people dying before it actually happens. These visions are somehow connected to the demon that murdered his mother and its mysterious plans that seem to be all about Sam. When their father dies striking a deal with that very same demon, the brothers determine to finish his crusade. But disturbing revelations about Sam's part in the demon's apocalyptic plan are presented when John's dying last words to Dean are revealed. Rachel B. Brothers Sam and Dean Winchester follow in their father's footsteps, hunting down evil supernatural creatures like monsters, demons, and even fallen gods, while trying to save innocent people. Continuing the "family business" after their father's death, the brothers soon learn that the "hunt" doesn't just involve slashing and hacking monsters and demons, but also dealing with more powerful creatures such as angels, reapers, and even Death. Tilsen K. Brothers Sam and Dean Winchester are out to kill every evil thing in this world. When Dean was 4 and Sam only 6 months old, their mother Mary was killed and their father John determined to find and kill the demon that killed her, and raised their boys to be "HUNTERS" of all things evil. Their motto: SAVING PEOPLE, HUNTING THINGS, THE FAMILY BUSINESS. After John's death the boys continue the family business with help from a few other hunters, traveling cross country, killing as many monsters as possible and saving as many people as they can, at the same time learning that "Family don't end with blood". They will do whatever it takes to save each other and their "FAMILY"--they'll go up against demons, vampires, werewolves, shapeshifters, demigods, witches, the Four Horsemen, and even angels. They lose family and find new people they call family. They have gone to heaven and hell for each other and will do it all over again. Because that's what FAMILY does and "Family don't end with blood." prkitten80 Supernatural follows brothers Sam and Dean Winchester as they travel across the country hunting supernatural beings with help from their Angel friend Castiel and the King of Hell Crowley along with some other hunters they meet along the way. sadie-kathleen1022 Raised by their father to be hunters of all evil and supernatural, the two Winchester brothers are now reunited. Their mission is to hunt down demons and monsters of all sorts. Two brothers soon became a team and best friends driving along across the USA. dominikmajdak The show follows brothers Sam and Dean Winchester, who travel across America in a black 1967 Chevy Impala investigating and combating paranormal events and other unexplained occurrences, many of them based on American urban legends and folklore, as well as classic supernatural creatures such as vampires, werewolves, and ghosts. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thrilling Adventure Hour Live (2015)Summaries A concert film version of the popular live show and podcast. Filmed in October 2013 at Largo at the Coronet, this film features Sparks Nevada, Marshal on Mars in "The Piano has been Thinkin'" and Beyond Belief, "Doll's Well That Ends Well." It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thrilling Adventure Hour: The Documentary Web Series (2014 Video)Summaries A stage show and podcast in the style of old time radio. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 