nm0001736:

 Son in Law (1993)Summaries Having gotten a taste of college life, a drastically changed farm girl returns home for Thanksgiving break with her best friend, a flamboyant party animal who is clearly a fish out of water in a small farm town. Country girl Rebecca begins college in Los Angeles. There she meets Crawl, a student who is crazy, unpredictable and wild. During the holidays she brings him with her home. Her parents have never seen anything like him and are shocked when Rebecca tells them that they are engaged to be married. Two different worlds collide... Anonymous South Dakota farm girl Rebecca "Becca" Warner has just graduated from high school, and she has decided that she will go to college at UCLA. Becca's parents Walter and Connie, and especially her boyfriend Travis, hate to see her go to college so far away. Becca is overwhelmed and ready to go home after just a few days at UCLA. But the dorm counselor, Crawl, convinces her to stay and give the city a chance. She does, and it works its magic. Becca digs into SoCal life, dropping her farm duds for hot city threads, changing her hair style and color, getting a tattoo and spending what little free time she has left roller-blading like a maniac. Soon Thanksgiving looms, and the thought of an almost-certain marriage proposal from Travis fills her with mixed emotions. Becca impulsively invites Crawl to come home with her for Thanksgiving, and Walter, Connie, Becca's brother Zack, Grandpa Walter Sr, Travis, and hired hand Theo regard him first as an object of curiosity, then scorn. When Travis -- who has his eyes on Becca's friend Tracy -- tries to ask Becca to marry him, Becca panics, and Crawl comes to the rescue by announcing his own engagement to Becca, with whom he's in love. Walter is outraged -- especially after Crawl announces his plans to take over the family farm after Walter retires -- and Travis punches Crawl in the nose. But Zack is won over when Crawl helps him with a computer problem, and Becca starts falling in love with Crawl. Walter sics Theo on Crawl, and under the guise of training, Theo puts Crawl through numerous farm tortures, from pitching manure to slopping the hogs. But rather than wilting, Crawl takes to farm living in a big way, eventually earning Walter's and Grandpa Walter Sr's respect. Travis tries to win Becca back, with Theo's help, by drugging Crawl and Tracy and placing Crawl and Tracy beside each other in the barn to make it look like Crawl and Tracy slept with each other. Will Becca fall for this trick, and believe what Travis tells her? Todd Baldridge It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Encino Man (1992)Summaries When they find a frozen caveman in their back yard, two high school outcasts thaw him and introduce him to modern life while he in turn gets them to actually enjoy life. Stoney and Dave find a caveman (Link) trapped in ice, thaw him out, and show him around town. Although Link is slow to catch on to basic concepts of 20th century life, he has no trouble impressing all the girls and helping Stoney and Dave find the coolness they've been searching for. Michael Silva <silvamd@cleo.bc.edu> Dave Morgan and Stoney Brown are two high school outcasts who, while digging in Dave's backyard for a swimming pool, find and thaw out a block of ice containing a man from the Ice Ages. Dave and Stoney try to pass him off as a regular teenager and Link becomes seriously popular at school and this causes Dave and Stoney to become popular in the process. But Matt Wilson, the school's most popular guy, after being pissed at Dave and Stoney for getting friendly with his girlfriend Robyn Sweeney, discovers Link's real identity and it's a question if whether anyone will believe his story that Link is really from the Ice Ages. Alex Madison <ThatSoRaven2905> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bio-Dome (1996)Summaries Moronic best friends get themselves locked inside the Bio-Dome, a science experiment, along with a group of environmental scientists for one year. Bud and Doyle are two losers who are doing nothing with their lives. Both of their girlfriends are actively involved in saving the environment, but the two friends couldn't care less about saving the Earth. One day, when a group of scientists begin a mission to live inside a "Bio-Dome" for a year without outside contact, Bud and Doyle mistakenly become part of the project themselves. The two must then learn how to protect the Earth and help the scientists complete their mission. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pauly Shore Is Dead (2003)Summaries Hollywood's Pauly Shore loses everything, fakes his own death, and gets caught. Hollywood comedian and actor Pauly Shore loses everything: his house, nobody in Hollywood wants to represent him, he moves back home with his mom and is now parking cars at The Comedy Store. Then one night when he's up in his mom's loft, a dead famous comedian appears who tells Pauly to kill himself cause he'll go down as a comedic genius who died before his time. Pauly then fakes his own death, and the media goes crazy. Celebrities are talking about him on MTV and girls are fighting over him on Jerry Springer. It's everything that he wanted. His plan worked. A week or so later, the L.A.P.D. is tipped off about his whereabouts and they break down the door of the seedy motel room in which he's hiding out and throw him in Los Angeles County's celebrity wing. Ciaran O'Shea It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 