nm0004868:

 Zeus and Roxanne (1997)Summaries A touching friendship story between a dog and a dolphin. Mary Beth is a marine biologist that gets annoyed when a dog called Zeus stows aboard her research boat. Nevertheless she is intrigued when the intrusive canine makes best friends with her captive dolphin, Roxanne. She falls in love with Zeus' owner, Terry, a musician who rides a bike. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete This is a movie about a marine biologist, Mary Beth, who is a single parent and leads a hectic life with her two impossible daughters, Judith and Nora. She, along with her partner Becky, are trying to study and save a beautiful dolphin named Roxanne. Unfortunately, Mary Beth's greedy partner, Claude Carver, tries to capture the dolphin and sell her. Zeus, Terry, and Jordan's dog stow away one day on one of Mary Beth's boat trips, which really annoys Mary Beth. However, when she finds out that the dog and the dolphin can do "interspecies communication," she is intrigued and curious. She meets Terry, the single father of Jordan, and they go out. In the end, it's a race to save the dolphin and Zeus, who was kidnapped by Claude. Daniel It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Roswell (19992002)Summaries The lives of three young alien/human hybrids with extraordinary gifts in Roswell. Living among the citizens of the infamous New Mexico city of Roswell are some who are not there by choice. They are there to follow a destiny given to them by the members of their dying race, a race that they are someday destined to save. This is the background behind the WB series "Roswell". Max Evans, Isabel Evans and Michael Guerin are teenage humans with extraordinary gifts - gifts that are "not-of-this-earth". They are human/alien hybrids, sent here to complete their destiny. Their counterparts have already perished in a war of attrition, thus one day, they will return to their home planet and save their race. Before a fateful day in 1999, the teens hid their gifts. The event that forever changed their lives was when Max healed Liz Parker (a classmate) after she was fatally shot in the stomach in a dispute between two customers at the restaurant where she waitresses. A close relationship then develops between Max and Liz. Central to the first season were the relationships between the hybrids and their human companions. That focus has shifted during the drama's second season. "Roswell" is now distinctly a science-fiction show built on the relationships between humans and aliens. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shriek If You Know What I Did Last Friday the Thirteenth (2000 Video)431) A reporter investigates a series of murders, dubbed the Spring Break Massacre, which leads to further mayhem. Another spoof of the Scream/I Know What You Did Last Summer horror genre involving a group of popular high school students stalked by a bumbling masked killer while a dogged reporter named Hagitha Utslay covers the story and the plight of the prime suspect and transfer student Dawson. Anonymous It's your typical high school where a group of friends including Dawson (Harley), Slab (Rex) and Boner (Strong) are enjoying school life. Until a serial killer turns up and starts chasing after them one by one. No-one knows who this killer is, as he obviously slips around the school. Will they finally unmask the killer before it's too late? Film_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A girl named Screw is on the phone and a call beeps in. The caller ID says "The Killer" and it's on a private line, and Screw answers saying "Dad?" The Killer asks her about scary movies and asks to play a game involving an intricate math problem. Screw hangs up and puts more icing on a giant cake behind her in the kitchen. She answers the phone again and gets a collect call from The Killer, who is now in the house. He tells her if she does not get the next question, she is dead. He asks her "who is buried in Grant's tomb?" She incorrectly answers Hugh Grant, and The Killer jumps out of the cake and chases her around the kitchen until the phone rings again. The Killer answers it and tells Screw "it's Stacy". Screw is then chased outside and runs into a bug zapper. The Killer then lights himself a cigarette and accidentally sets fire to his hockey mask. When the Killer puts out the fire by placing it in a bird bath filled with water, the mask melts into a 'scream' ghostface mask. The next day, Dawson is registering for classes at Bulimia Falls High School, and "new kid" is taped to his back. Dawson then meets Martina, a goth girl; Slab, a dumb jock, Barbara, a mean girl, and Boner, the local geek who keeps telling people that his name is pronounced Bonner; "the 'o' is short". Martina tells the others about Screw's murder last night. Outside the school, the group sees local reporter Hagitha from Empty V News, who has written a book titled 'Dawson Is A Murderer', inspired by Dawson's family being murdered under mysterious circumstances while Dawson was at band camp the previous year. Dawson punches Hagitha when she wants to interview him about Screw's murder. Doughy, a mall security guard and Barbara's older half-brother, arrives and helps Hagitha up. Doughy briefly argues with Barbara and the others before they walk off to return to their classes. The janitor is seen sweeping up dead bodies off the floor (one of many silly sight gags throughout the movie). In class, Martina gets a note (from the desk of The Killer) which says "I no what you did last summer." She corrects the typo on the note and thinks back to "last summer" when she and Barbara, Slab and Boner were out for a drive after Barbara won the junior prom queen crown when they hit a deer and they hid it in the woods. Martina remembers seeing a No Dumping sign and remembers that she forgot to give her grandmother her laxative. In swimming class, the swimming instructor, Mr. Hasselhoff, has Boner act like the victim. The group makes fun of Boner and he passes out. He wakes up a few minutes later and receives a note in his swim trunks that reads: "I know what you did last semester". Boner recalls the hit-and-run of the deer that night with his friends and recalls how as they were disposing of the deer in the woods, he remembered that he forgot to deliver an appeal letter for his older brother who was on death row at the state prison, about to be executed. Between classes, Slab finds a note in his locker which reads: "I know what you did last Chanukah". He recalls the hit-and-run of the deer and remembers seeing a No Smoking sign in the woods and also recalls inadvertently smoking the ashes of his dead uncle on Chanukah. Barbara finds a note in her bra which reads "I know what you did last period". She remembers the hit-and-run of the deer and how she removed a tag from her rented prom dress that was not supposed to be removed. The group is next seen having lunch in the school picnic area where Dawson finally gets his note (in his hamburger) which reads that "he may already be the victim". Dawson then thinks back to Labor Day weekend months earlier when, dressed as a deer, he was hit by the four friends in a car and later dumped in the creek in the woods. Dawson reminds everyone that it is Halloween, and after coming up with possible reasons as to why anyone from the group would want to kill their friends, they agree to stay together and go to Slab's house that night. A little later, Barbara is attacked by the masked Killer in the girls' room, but gets away. Slab is seen working on a car in the school garage. The Killer drives towards him in a red 1957 Chevrolet Bel Air as he screams cowering against a wall, but after an absurdly long sequence where he is getting closer and closer, the Killer is pulled over by a cop and given a ticket, allowing Slab to escape. Martina is running around a track when the Killer appears behind her. He gets the lead over her and wins the track race. Boner drills a hole in a wall to the girls locker room and peaks through to watch other schoolgirls showering when he instead sees the Killer showering. The Killer shoves a knife through the peek hole and Boner runs away. In Sex Education class, Dawson goes to put fuel in the film projector. The Killer appears in the room, and jumps on him, but Dawson gets away. Meanwhile, the Administrator-Formerly-Known-As-Principal is in his office enjoying soaking in a hot tub when The Killer arrives. The Administrator stands and is hit by something thrown though the window. He falls into the tub and is electrocuted. That evening, Dawson, his friends, and a large group of people congregate at "the Deserted Location". Doughy is outside in a golf cart and Hagitha shows up in her news van with her new cameraman (after the last two were apparently murdered by The Killer). While Martina gives the rules on how to survive a "parody situation" The Killer arrives and heads upstairs where Boner is in a room with a drunk, passed out female party guest. The Killer attacks him with a chainsaw and chases Boner around the bedroom until Boner has a heart attack and flatlines. Barbara goes to the refrigerator in the garage to get more beer for the party when The Killer shows up. She throws beer bottles and other items at the Killer. Barbara tries to crawl out of the doggie door to escape from the garage and The Killer activates a remote control to close the door, but a man outside the garage door is trying to use his own garage door opener and is making the door go up and down with Barbara stuck inside. Barbara is forced to pull out her breast implants and manages to get through. She runs with the Killer chasing her through a garden with a weed-whacker machine until she gets stung by a bee and dies. In the house, the other people at the party leave after learning about the Administrator being found in his office dead. Alone, Dawson and Martina go to Slab's room to look for him where they see him overdosing after injecting himself with steroids and he explodes into tiny bloody pieces. The Killer arrives and chases Dawson and Martina around the house while Doughy, Hagitha, her cameraman, and a pizza delivery man play strip poker on a table outside. Martina finally punches the Killer and he falls down the stairs. Dawson begins pulling off numerous masks from The Killer. Doughy, having heard a noise from the inside the house, goes inside to investigate with Hagitha. Dawson gets to the last mask and the Killer is revealed to be Doughy's evil twin cousin Hardy (looking exactly like Doughy exempt for a small mustache on his face). Doughy tells his cousin that he is a "disgrace" to the family and goes to hug him. Hardy is shot and killed by Hagitha using a gun as a mirror, and she accidentally shoots her cameraman dead as well, and leaves with the pizza guy. The police arrive and take all the dead bodies away. Boner is revealed to be alive and taken away on a stretcher with an attractive nurse attending to him. The Killer is being taken away as well when he sits up only to be shot again by Doughy. Dawson asks Martina to go for "a walk in the dark scary woods" and she ignores her ringing phone. The Killer is seen on a nearby payphone and begins to follow the couple. 
 Life as We Know It (2010)431) Two single adults become caregivers to an orphaned girl when their mutual best friends die in an accident. Holly and Eric were set up on a blind date by their married friends Peter and Allison, but it didn't go well. After Peter and Allison are killed in an accident, Holly and Eric learn that they have been named as the guardian of their late friends' infant daughter Sophie, so they move into their house and try their best to honor their friends' wishes. But raising a child cramps their style--and they still don't exactly get along. rcs0411@yahoo.com Based in Atlanta, Holly Berenson (Katherine Heigl) is single and runs a bakery. Her friend Allison Novak, who is married to Peter, makes Holly the godmother of their newborn daughter Sophie; Peter names his friend Eric Messer as godfather. Allison and Peter had tried to get Holly and Eric together--unsuccessfully. Holly is attracted to Dr. Sam (Josh Lucas) and hopes to date him. Allison and Peter suddenly die in an automobile accident, and their lawyer informs Holly and Eric are Sophie's legal guardians. Watch what impact this news has on the hapless duo. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Holly Berenson (Katherine Heigl) is the owner of a small Atlanta bakery and Eric Messer (Josh Duhamel), known as Messer, is a promising television technical sports director for the Atlanta Hawks. After a disastrous first date set up by their best friends (Peter and Alison), all they have in common are their mutual dislike and their love for their shared goddaughter, Sophie Christina Novak, who is Peter and Alison's child. However, after a car accident kills both Peter and Alison, they are left as the one-year-old Sophie's legal guardians. They try to put their differences aside, since they are advised to both move into Sophie's home in order to minimize her need for adjustment to the new situation. They struggle to learn how to care for Sophie and to get along with each other. This goes on and once Holly leaves Sophie with Messer while she covers an important catering job - the same night that he is given the opportunity to direct a big basketball game. When Messer loses his focus due to Sophie's constant crying during direction the game, he returns home to argue with Holly. Later, he comes back and makes amends with Holly. Holly attends a date with a doctor named Sam (Josh Lucas) (whom Messer nicknames "Doctor Love") who is also Sophie's pediatrician. This date is cut short when Messer calls and explains Sophie is unwell by having a fever then Messer needs to take Sophie to the hospital. Later, Messer sees Holly kissing Sam. Life goes on till they see the monthly bills and realize it's way more than they expected. Holly then admits to Messer that because of finance at home she can't afford the extension on her catering business, so Messer offers to give her the money. She refuses to take it so Messer offers it as an investment, to which Holly accepts. The pair agree to go on a date to celebrate, and when they return to the house they end up having sex together and start to develop feelings for each other. Their Child Protective Services caseworker shows up and tells them that getting involved together is a very bad idea. Messer is offered a director job in Phoenix, Arizona with the Phoenix Suns. Since this has been his career goal for several years, he seriously considers making the move, but does not discuss it with Holly. When Holly learns of the proposed move at a neighborhood block party, she is upset and orders him to go to Phoenix. At Thanksgiving, Messer returns to Atlanta hoping to patch things up with Holly but finds her in a relationship with "Doctor Love." He and Holly exchange heated words which started by because Sam "Doctor Love" tells Messer they are selling the house because its too much to pay for, then Messer tells Holly in the kitchen before he tells her he loves her, and always has. After Holly instructs him to do so, Messer leaves for the airport. While waiting for the airplane to come, hes looking back at his videos that they made of Sophies first walk and he smiles and a woman sitting next to him says that he has a beautiful family... That evening, Sam tells Holly that if he and his ex-wife argued like that they'd still be together now, and with that he leaves. When their Child Protective Services caseworker shows up for the last appointment to see if Holly and Messer are fit parents for Sophie, Holly realizes that she can't take care of Sophie without him that she loves Messer and drives to the airport with the caseworker. Holly finds that the flight has departed and returns to the house disappointed where, to her surprise, she finds Messer sitting on the couch because he tells Holly that Peter and Alison chose them to be parents of Sophie because they are a family and then they share a kiss. Then it's Sophie's second birthday party, neighbors and family and friends are invited. And Holly makes a huge cupcake like cake for Sophie and also made a cake for Messer and herself with the number 1 on it, showing that they made one whole year together. The film ends with Messer filming everyone singing Sophie "Happy Birthday." 