nm0001216:

 Sirens (1994)Summaries When a painting is termed blasphemous, a young minister and his wife visit the artist... and the three sexually playful models living with him. Anthony, a young reverend and his wife, Estella are on the way from England to Australia to minister to their flock. The bishop asks him to visit Norman, an eccentric artist prone to sexual depictions and requests that he voluntarily withdraw a controversial work call "Crucified Venus" from his show. The minister, who considers himself a progressive, is shocked at the amoral atmosphere surrounding the painter, his wife, and the three models living at his estate. The minister's wife is troubled also, and has to deal with latent sexual urges while trying to remain loyal to her husband. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> A young English minister and his wife are asked to stop by an eccentric artist's home on the way through Australia to their new parish. The bishop of Sidney is concerned because the artist is prone to painting naked females, and hopes that he will be persuaded to withdraw a controversial painting from his show which is soon due for exhibition. The clever mined minister is both challenged, and put off at the permissive atmosphere he finds surrounding the painter, perpetuated by the painter's wife's nonchalant attitude, and the three lovely models living and working at his estate. The minister's wife finds herself aroused by the free atmosphere, and both she and her husband discover that they know more about each other, and are better for the visit by its conclusion. Unknownian It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Brassed Off (1996)431) The coal mine in a northern English village may be closing, which would also mean the end of the miners' brass band. In existence for a hundred years, Grimley Colliery Brass band is as old as the mine. But the miners are now deciding whether to fight to keep the pit open, and the future for town and band looks bleak. Although the arrival of flugelhorn player Gloria injects some life into the players, and bandleader Danny continues to exhort them to continue in the national competition, frictions and pressures are all too evident. And whose side is Gloria actually on? Jeremy Perkins {J-26} A small Yorkshire mining town is threatened with being shut down and the only hope for the town's men is to enter their Grimley Colliery Brass Band into a national competition. They believe they have no hope until Gloria appears carrying her Flugelhorn. At first mocked for being a woman, she soon becomes the only chance for the band to win. In joining the band she puts her relationship with her childhood sweetheart Andy on the line. <CherylC894@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the opening credits a brass band plays Death or Glory as the grimy coal miners return from the depths of the earth at the conclusion of their shift and head for their locker room to shower the coal dust from their bodies (but not from their lungs). As they leave the colliery, they wave at their neighbors who are keeping vigil outside the mines property protesting the anticipated closure of the pits. As the music ends Gloria Mullins (Tara Fitzgerald) enters a boarding house, The Lantern, with her luggage. The house-lady notices Gloria is carrying a horn case a flugelhorn which she calls a flugel. She had hoped to do some practicing. Not wanting her to disturb her other boarders, the house-lady suggests Gloria find the Grimley Colliery Bands rehearsal hall. She is certain the band would welcome a lovely young lady. Gloria has been sent to her old hometown by the British Coal Board to prepare a report on the Grimley mine. In the next scene, Vera (Sue Johnston) and Ida (Mary Healey) talk about their husbands, Jim (Philip Jackson) and Ernie (Peter Martin), playing in the band again. One laments if the pit closes the band will also fold. Jim and Ernie, a couple of tuba players, head for band rehearsal, but agree to tell Danny (Pete Postlethwaite), the groups director, that under the current economic conditions they cant afford the bands dues, so they will resign. Dannys son, Phil (Stephen Tompkinson), a trombonist in the band, is badly in debt and his wife, Sandra (Melanie Hill), hounds him to take the redundancy money that is being offered like others have done in other coal mining communities. Phil makes a little extra money as Mr. Chuckles, the clown, at birthday parties. His father picks Phil up on his bicycle on the way to band rehearsal. On the way, Danny sings his part to The Floral Dance and when they arrive, the band rehearses the piece. When the number concludes, Danny berates the groups playing as a load of bloody crap. The players contend their minds are distracted by the threat of the pit closing you cant have a colliery band without a colliery. Just as Danny is passing the hat for the weekly dues, Gloria walks through the door of the rehearsal hall. She tells them the lady at the boarding house had suggested they might let her practice with them. Danny politely tells her they dont allow outsiders, but Gloria responds that she is originally from Grimley and her grandfather was a former conductor of the band. Under those circumstances, she is welcome to rehearse with the group. She sits next to Andy (Ewan McGregor), but apparently doesnt immediately recognize him as one of her former romances. The flugel she plays is inherited from her grandfather. Danny cant wait to hear it played again and asks what she knows. She has been practicing Rodrigos Concerto Aranjuez (Concierto de Aranjuez), so they immediately rehearse the number with Gloria as soloist (dubbed by Paul Hughes). At the end of the piece everyone is suitably impressed. Jim and Ernie give in and contribute their dues. Later, their wives are convinced their husbands change of heart is due to a beautiful young woman joining the band. Gloria is invited to join the band for fourteen contests in fourteen villages the following day. It is a chance for the band to make some money towards their expenses. The next day as Danny is preparing to leave, he has a coughing attack and spits up blood the first sign of pneumoconiosis or what is more commonly known as black lung, an affliction caused by inhaling coal dust for many years. At a union meeting, Phil complains that he was one of the strikers back in 1984, and as a result, he was suspended. It took a year and a half to get reinstated. He hasnt been able to get out of debt in the decade since. The workers must vote the following week on whether to accept the redundancy offer or for a review procedure, which is the option their union representatives are pushing. They feel thats the only chance to keep the pit open. When the band arrives at the first village, all the bands march through the town playing March of the Cobblers. The winner of the competition at Dobcross is the Yorkshire Building Society Band, so the Grimley group moves on to Uppermill Village; the winner there is Delph Band. At Diggle the winner is Fairleys Band; at Lees it is Brighouse & Rastrick Band, and things get worse for Grimley. Ernie, who like the others has downed several beers, plays behind the beat and Phils ancient trombone comes apart. (The same music continues throughout this entire sequence.) Back in Grimley, Danny reprimands the players for their lackadaisical attitude towards the band and its history of excellence. He is certain if they play up to their potential they can win the regional competition and advance to Royal Albert Hall in London for the finals. During this meeting, Harry (Jim Carter), one of the euphonium players, speaks for the other members: they will agree to continue with the band until the pit closes, but when that happens they will pack it in. After everyone else has left the practice hall, Phil returns to give his father some reassurance. Danny encourages him to purchase a new trombone to replace his instrument that keeps falling apart, but Phil cant afford a better instrument. During their conversation, Phil notices his fathers bloody handkerchief and recognizes the sign. When Andy and Gloria go to dinner together at In Cod We Trust Andy confronts Gloria that she works for management. She claims she wants the pit to remain open and can help the situation with her report. He is skeptical that her report will do any good: Its just a bloody PR exercise. Theyve already made their decision while you were at bloody college. However, the two of them reconcile their differences. Later as he is walking her home, she admits is remembered him but didnt want him to think he was etched forever on her brain. Then, she invites him up for some coffee he doesnt drink coffee and she doesnt really have any coffee to offer. The following sequence shows Andy and some other lads going to work, Gloria working on her report, the miners voting, scenes down in the dingy depths of the mine, and some workers returning from the mine and bathing to rid themselves of layers of coal dust. Gloria asks her boss if her report is immaterial, but he assures her that it is vital, especially if the workers vote for review. Soon, some of the other band members notice managements logo on Glorias key ring and accuse Andy of screwing management its about time, they say, management has been screwing them for years. Next, we see Phil as Mr. Chuckles at a childrens birthday party. He isnt a very good clown and most of his tricks go awry. He uses the money he makes to purchase a used trombone at a pawn shop, but when he arrives at home, some men are repossessing their TV set. If he doesnt pay what he owes, they threaten to return with a truck and repossess the entire contents of his house. Phil fights one of the men and ends up with several scrapes and cuts. When Sandra realizes Phil has purchased a trombone when they dont have enough money for food, she is speechless. As the band loads onto the bus for the next competition, Andy wont speak to Gloria. The next competition is the Yorkshire Area Qualifying Contest for the National Brass Band Championship. The band plays Florentiner March and they win! During their performance the film shows Sandra finding the ticket where Phil had paid $50 towards the trombone, but still owes $250. We also see the announcement of the vote results at the mine, which were overwhelmingly for redundancy and Glorias boss smiling when he receives a phone call about the vote. True to their word, the men return with a truck to repossess the contents of Phils and Sandras house. When the band returns to Grimley, they see funeral wreaths and crudely painted signs like We Fought and Lost. To make matters worse, Danny collapses as he is walking home and is taken to the hospital. Ernie makes it plain to Gloria that the band members, including Andy, dont want her around. Then matters get even worse for Phil; he arrives home just in time to see Sandra leaving with their four children. As Danny lies semi-conscious in his hospital bed, the band gathers on the hospital lawn to serenade their colleague with a beautiful arrangement of Danny Boy. Andy, who had lost his horn playing pool, whistles his part. When the serenade ends, a nurse tells them Danny is conscious, so several of his best buddies visit and present him with a new conducting baton. The next day Gloria confronts her boss again. She questions if her reports that will never be read or considered. She also claims the Grimley pit has been profitable. And, she wonders if the decision to close the mine had been made weeks earlier. When her boss admits the decision was made two years ago, she throws her report at him and stalks out of his office. When she tells Andy that she told management to stuff it and is as unemployed as he is, he admits her heart was in the right place, but still cant get past her working for management. He also tells her the band isnt going to the National Finals because it costs too much. Later Phil goes to the hospital, but when his father gives him the manuscript of a new arrangement he had stayed up all night writing, he doesnt have the heart to tell him the band had broken up. To make a little money, Phil appears as Mr. Chuckles at a Harvest Festival party for children at a church, but, in one of the films darkest scenes, he scares the children by ranting about the Tories and Margaret Thatcher. He says, So God was creating man. And his little assistant came up to him and he said: Hey, weve got all these bodies left, but were right out of brains, were right out of hearts and were right out of vocal cords. And God said Smack smiles on the faces and make them talk out of their arses. And lo, God created the Tory Party. Later, Phil, still dressed in his clown outfit, attempts suicide by hanging himself from the mines riggings. Even though Danny was half asleep, he recognizes Mr. Chuckles huge clown feet as Phil is rolled past his room. Danny immediately gets out of bed to see what had happened. When he asks Phil why he attempted to kill himself, he explains he has lost everything: his wife, kids, job, and self-respect. During this conversation, he finally finds the guts to tell his father that the band members have packed it in. The next day while several of the band members are drinking beer and talking about breaking Dannys heart, Gloria enters the pub and presents them with a $3,000 bank account to pay for the trip to the National Finals. Andy quickly wins back his horn in a pool match and Phil leaves a note for his father at the hospital: Were Going. The entire village turns out to see the band off to London. During the bus trip into London and their arrival at Albert Hall, we hear Clog Dance. Just as the band is preparing to play at Finals, the nurse discovers that Danny has left the hospital. Harry conducts the band in the competition as they play a stirring rendition of the William Tell Overture. About half way through the number, Danny appears behind the band and Harry calls Phils attention to his father (Phil also notices his wife and children in the audience). Grimley is announced as the winner. Danny steps forward and tells the audience they are refusing the trophy. As much as he thought winning the trophy and music were the most important things, hes discovered that its human beings that matter. He berates the government that over the last ten years has systematically destroyed an entire industry. Our industry! And not just our industry our communities, our homes, our lives. All in the name of progress. And for a few lousy bob. As they leave the stage, even though Danny had said they were refusing it, Harry retrieves the trophy. During a celebratory double-deck bus ride through the streets of London, Gloria accuses Yorkshire men of hiding their feelings, so Andy takes the challenge and kisses her. As they pass the parliament building, Danny says, Lets make them listen for a change. Land of Hope and bloody Glory, eh? (Sir Edward Elgars Pomp and Circumstance). From the top of the bus the band plays an emotion packed rendition of Pomp and Circumstance, which continues during the closing credits. 
 Game of Thrones (20112019)761) Nine noble families fight for control over the lands of Westeros, while an ancient enemy returns after being dormant for millennia. In the mythical continent of Westeros, several powerful families fight for control of the Seven Kingdoms. As conflict erupts in the kingdoms of men, an ancient enemy rises once again to threaten them all. Meanwhile, the last heirs of a recently usurped dynasty plot to take back their homeland from across the Narrow Sea. Sam Gray Years after a rebellion spurred by a stolen bride to be and the blind ambitions of a mad King, Robert of the house Baratheon (Mark Addy) sits on the much desired Iron Throne. In the mythical land of Westeros, nine noble families fight for every inch of control and every drop of power. The King's Hand, Jon Arryn (Sir John Standing), is dead. And Robert seeks out his only other ally in all of Westeros, his childhood friend Lord Eddard "Ned" Stark. The solemn and honorable Warden of the North is tasked to depart his frozen sanctuary and join the King in the capital of King's Landing to help the now overweight and drunk Robert rule. However, a letter in the dead of night informs "Ned" that the former Hand was murdered, and that Robert will be next. So noble Ned goes against his better desires in an attempt to save his friend and the kingdoms. But political intrigue, plots, murders, and sexual desires lead to a secret that could tear the Seven Kingdoms apart. And soon Eddard will find out what happens when you play the Game of Thrones. Gregory Tobin Based on the best-selling book series "A Song of Ice and Fire" by George R.R. Martin, this sprawling HBO drama is set in a world where summers span several decades and winters can last a lifetime. From the scheming south and the savage eastern lands, to the frozen north and ancient Wall that protects the realm from the mysterious darkness beyond, the powerful families of the Seven Kingdoms are locked in a battle for the Iron Throne. This is a story of duplicity and treachery, nobility and honor, conquest and triumph. In the Game of Thrones, you either win or you die. ahmetkozan In the mythical continent of Westeros, nine families of higher nobility (Targaryen, Lannisters, Starks, Tyrell, Martell, Greyjoys, Baratheons and Boltons) scramble bitterly to gain power over the seven kingdoms and the Iron throne. As Westeros becomes rife with political unrests, conflicts, treachery, murder and debauchery, an ancient enemy (Army of the dead) awakens and strike the sense of doom to the living folks of Westeros. mwitamaibuni Nine noble families fight for control of the mythical land of Westeros. Political and sexual intrigue is pervasive. Robert Baratheon (Mark Addy), King of Westeros, asks his old friend, Lord Eddard Stark (Sean Bean), to serve as Hand of the King, or highest official. Secretly warned that the previous Hand was assassinated, Eddard accepts in order of business to investigate further. Meanwhile, Queen Cersei Lannister's family may be hatching a plot to take power. Across the sea, the last members of the previous and deposed ruling family, the Targaryens, are also scheming to regain the throne. The friction between the houses Stark, Lannister, Baratheon, and Targaryen and with the remaining great houses Greyjoy, Tully, Arryn, Tyrell, and Martell leads to full-scale war. All while an ancient evil awakens in the farthest north. Amidst the war and political confusion, a neglected military order of misfits, the Night's Watch, is all that stands between the realms of men and icy horrors beyond. Tfilm78 and Cajunman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three men set out on horseback on a snowy landscape from the Wall. The young one sees smoke from a fire and creeps up on it. He sees bodies hacked to bits and heads on stakes, dismembered limbs all around, including women and children. He turns and runs. We see their bodies are laid out in a kind of symbol, like a ring. He is chastised by his leader for being a coward, and reminded of their mission and the punishment for desertion. His comrades go to check out the bodies, and find theyve disappeared. One man finds what could be an organ in the snow, hes about to show it to the other man when something dark and sinister pops up out of snow and slashes him down. The remaining men run. Theyre chased by something that doesnt seem human. The creature catches one of the men and slices off his head. The remaining man drops to his knees and awaits his fate. Later, he stumbles across a field. Not dead. A band of men on horses intercept him. In Winterfell, Ned Stark (Sean Bean) watches his son Bran practice archery with the aid of Jon Snow, Neds bastard son. Inside the castle, his young daughter Arya practices needlepoint. Bran lets fly his arrow and misses wildly. Suddenly another strikes the bullseye. They turn to see who let it go its Arya, showing up her brother. A man comes to report they captured a deserter from the Nights Watch. Neds wife Catelyn asks him if he has to do what must be done. Ned says yes, and 10 year old Bran is coming to watch. They march the deserter to be beheaded. He tells Ned he saw White Walkers. Bran watches as his father beheads the man. Jon commends Bran for not looking away. After, Ned tells Bran that the White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years and the deserter must be crazy. He had to cut the man's head off himself because he passed the sentence, Ned explains. On the ride home they come upon a disemboweled elk and wonder what could have done it. They find a similarly hacked up wolf nearby, with two young pups. They believe theyre rare kind of wolf, a direwolf, of which there are only five south of the wall. Ned commands them killed because they wont survive without their mother. Jon suggests instead that the five pups go to the five Stark children. Jon gets the runt of the litter. Kings Landing, Capital of the Seven Kingdoms A funeral takes place in the grand cathedral. Ser Jaime Lannister checks on his twin sister, Queen Cersei Baratheon of the House of Lannister. Shes worried the dead guy Jon Arryn might have spilled her secret to her husband, the king. Back in Winterfell Cat tells her husband the news of Jon Arryns death. He was like a father to Ned. King Robert of Baratheon and Queen Cersei are on the way to Winterfell with their entourage. Bran climbs to the top of the compound to see the hundreds approaching. His mom chides him not to climb. The king and queen arrive. The Starks line up to greet them. Prince Joffrey Baratheon of the House of Baratheon makes eyes at Sansa Stark, Neds young daughter. They greet each other warmly. Arya is eager to see the imp. King Robert asks Ned to take him to the crypt. Down there, Robert says Arryn got sick suddenly and died. Robert asks Ned to come to Kings Landing and serve as Hand of the King, to run his kingdom. He wants Ned to help him keep the iron throne. He suggests they join their houses by marrying his son Joffrey and Neds daughter Sansa. We meet the imp, Tyrion Lannister, a dwarf. He is on the receiving end of a young womans attention. His brother Jaime busts in to tell them the Starks are feasting them at sundown. He brings additional whores to help Tyrion work out his desires before then. Robert pays his respects to Neds dead sister, who he was going to marry before the Targaryens killed her. He still feels strongly for her. Pentos Across the Narrow Sea Princess Daenerys Targaryen gets ready for her wedding. Prince Viserys comes to check on his sister, complete with examining her naked. The marriage is meant to solidify Viserys reign and not wake the dragon. Later, she meets her intended king, a savage killer who has never been defeated in battle. He says nothing, and rides off. Viserys advisor assures him Khal Drogo approved of her. Later, Viserys is talking about returning to rule. Daenerys announces she doesnt want to be Khal Drogo's queen. Viserys explains they need Drogo's army to retake their kingdom, and he would let all 40,000 of Drogo's men and horses have their way with her if it meant a return to power. In Winterfell, Sansa begs her mother to convince her dad to let her marry so she can be queen. Neds brother Benjen Stark arrives from the Nights Watch. Jon asks to return to the wall with him, but Benjen says hes not ready. After Benjen leaves, Jon meets Tyrion, who encourages him to wear the fact hes a bastard like honor, and then it cant be used to hurt him. He empathizes, saying all dwarves are bastards in their fathers eyes. Benjen finds his brother Ned, who tells him the boy he beheaded was a true ranger. He seems surprised he deserted. Cersei watches distractedly as her husband gropes wenches at the feast. Sansa introduces herself. Shes only 13. Jaime accosts Ned, taunting him to fight when hes back in town. Arya gets removed from the party for flicking food. Later at night, Ned tells his wife he doesnt want to go to the city. Cat doesnt want him to go either. Theres a knock at their bedroom door. Its Maester Luwin, Neds counselor. A rider brought a letter from Cats sister. It was sent from the aerie. Cat reads it and her eyes get wide. She burns the letter. Her sister has fled the city. She said her husband Jon Arryn was murdered by the Lannisters, and theyre plotting against the king. Luwin tells Ned hes the only one who can protect the king. At the wedding feast for Daenrys and Drogo, Viserys is eager to get his throne back. Daenrys watches two men try to have sex with a woman in the middle of a dance and end up cutting each other to bits. We learn that a Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair. Jorah Mormant, an exiled knight, brings song books to Daenrys. She also gets a gift of dragons eggs. Khal gets up and goes to his horse. Daenrys follows, he gives her a white horse. As shes riding off, her brother tells her to make Drogo happy. Later, alone on the beach at sunset, she waits nervously as her new husband looks her over. She cries. He says only no as he slowly takes off her clothes and pushes her to the ground. Back in Winterfell, Ned prepares to ride with the King. As they set off, Bran climbs to the top of the compound walls again to watch his father ride away. Halfway up the wall he hears the sounds of people having sex. He sees Jaime with a woman bent over in front of him. Its his sister Cersei. She seems to be a willing participant. She shouts that Bran saw them. Jaime pulls Bran off the ledge. He assess how high up they are, then he gives Bran a shove. The things I do for love, he says. 
 Exodus: Gods and Kings (2014)761) The defiant leader Moses rises up against Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses II, setting six hundred thousand slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues. Biblical epic Exodus: Gods and Kings stars Christian Bale as Moses who, as the film opens, fights alongside his brother Ramses (a shaved-headed Joel Edgerton), to help defend Egypt, which is ruled by their father, Seti (John Turturro). During battle, Moses saves Ramses life, causing Ramses to fear that his brother will one day be King because it fits with a prophecy handed down by one of Seti's trusted spiritualists. Soon after Seti's death, Moses, who is actually Jewish and not Egyptian, is banished. However, he becomes the leader of the Jewish people and leads a rebellion, with the help of a wrathful God, against that Egyptians.. Raised together as brothers--the capable leader, Moses, and Pharaoh Seti's egotistical biological son, Ramses--will eventually find themselves engaged in a bitter rivalry when Ramses discovers Moses' Hebrew origin. However, when Egypt's new Pharaoh, Ramses II, banishes Moses to the unforgiving desert, God assigns him the difficult task of freeing six-hundred-thousand enslaved Israelites and taking them to safety. Now, against the backdrop of pitiless and calamitous plagues, Moses must do God's will, and lead His long-suffering people across the Red Sea: the last but impregnable obstacle. Can Moses fulfil his destiny? Nick Riganas Epic adventure Exodus: Gods and Kings is the story of one man's daring courage to take on the might of an empire. Using state of the art visual effects and 3-D immersion, Ridley Scott brings new life to the story of the defiant leader Moses as he rises up against the Egyptian Pharaoh Ramses II, setting six hundred thousand slaves on a monumental journey of escape from Egypt and its terrifying cycle of deadly plagues. 20th Century Fox In the ancient tale of the Hebrews, Moses gathers the faith to free his six hundred thousand enslaved people from Egyptain rule. Pharaoh Ramses II, with whom he grew up, must face his once best friend in a battle that exceeds the mere mortals, and endures the act of God. It is the time of the Pharaohs, where Egyptians lived well, and their Jewish slaves were tormented. Seti rules all of Egypt with his two sons, Ramses II his real son, and Moses his adopted son. The Pharaoh wants to pick the new ruler of Egypt due to his bad health. Ramses II became King and finds out his brother was born a Hebrew. Moses tries to find himself and tries helping his true people. Two brothers now compete for Egypt, one brother born to rule, and another brother born to oppose the rules, and lead his people to freedom. samuelkayri Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ancient Egypt 1,300 B.C. The Hebrews have been slaves to Egypt for over 400 years. They have shaped and built the city under the rule of a series of Pharaohs. They have not forgotten their homeland or their one God, and 'He' has not forgotten them. In the Pharaoh's temple in the holy city of Memphis, Moses (Christian Bale) and his adoptive brother Ramses (Joel Edgerton) learn that the Hittite army is near the city. The Pharaoh Seti (John Turturro) hears from the High Priestess (Indira Varma) of a prophecy that states that one will become a leader. Together, the two brothers ride their chariots into battle. With their own army, they confront the Hittites and take them down. Ramses is nearly killed when his chariot breaks down and he is nearly trampled, but Moses hurls a spear that breaks the Hittite chariot. Seti later thanks Moses for saving Ramses. Moses is sent to meet with Viceroy Hegep (Ben Mendelsohn), who oversees the slaves in the city. While they are walking, Moses sees one slave, Joshua (Aaron Paul), being whipped. This image horrifies him. Moses also meets a tribe of Hebrews led by Joshua's father Nun (Ben Kingsley). Here, Moses learns that he is also a Hebrew and was sent to Egypt as a baby. Moses is upset by this revelation. Two Hebrews hear the story and report it to Hegep. Some time later, Seti dies and Ramses is made the new Pharaoh. He learns of Moses' lineage from Hegep. A servant named Miriam (Tara Fitzgerald) is brought before him for interrogation at the behest of Queen Tuya (Sigourney Weaver). Ramses questions if she is Moses' sister. He nearly cuts off her arm until Moses intervenes and says she is his sister. Tuya wants Moses to be executed, but Ramses sends him into exile. Before leaving, Moses meets Miriam and their birth mother, who tell him his birth name is Moishe. Moses travels through the desert and comes across Midian and settles there. He meets Jethro (Kevork Malikyan) and his daughter Zipporah (Maria Valverde). Over time, Moses becomes a shepherd and comes to know Zipporah and they eventually fall in love and marry. Nine years later, Ramses continues to rule over Egypt with power. He has married Nefertari (Golshifeth Farahani) and has an infant son. Moses has also stayed in Midian and had a son with Zipporah named Gershom (Hal Hewetson). Moses has not shared the same faith in God that his wife and child had, which upsets Zipporah. Moses takes a trip up a mountain during a storm. A rock slide occurs in which he gets knocked unconscious and has his leg broken. He awakens nearly completely submerged in mud. He hears a voice and sees a burning bush. A child named Malak (Isaac Andrews) comes before him. He is a representation of God sent to speak with Moses. The boy takes some stones and stacks them together to form a pyramid to remind Moses of what he must do and who his people are. Moses returns to the village and has his leg treated. He tells Zipporah what he saw and what he heard. She doesn't believe that God would have come to him as a child. Moses knows he has a task to do, but Zipporah doesn't want him to leave his family behind. Moses returns to Egypt and reunites with Nun and Joshua. He also meets his brother Aaron (Andrew Tarbet) for the first time, along with Aaron's own son. Moses returns to the temple and confronts Ramses with a sword to the neck. Ramses is shocked to see Moses still alive. Moses tells Ramses of his mission from God. Afterwards, Ramses decides he wants Moses dead, and so he hunts down the Hebrews in the city and begins to publicly execute them until Moses turns himself in. Moses gathers the Hebrews and trains them in combat against Ramses' forces. Together with the tribesmen, they learn how to utilize bows and arrows as well as defenses against the Egyptians. Meanwhile, Moses continues to communicate with Malak, who warns him of something to come. The chaos begins when a group of crocodiles attacks a boat of fishermen. The beasts rip them apart (as well as each other), leaving the sea red with blood. The Ten Plagues then hit Egypt, beginning with all the water in the city turning to blood, with dead sea creatures surfacing. From the water come hundreds and hundreds of frogs all over the city. This is followed by a massive swarm of lice going all across the land. The Egyptians, including Ramses and his family, get rashes and boils on their skin. Ramses consults his grand vizier and the High Priestess for help, but when they provide him with no results, he has them executed. Moses confronts Ramses again about releasing the Hebrews. Ramses argues that there is no reason to change this after 400 years, as it would also be bad for Egypt economically as the country relies heavily on slave labor. Thus, the plagues continue with pestilence overtaking the livestock. They cough up blood before dying all over the place. Then a huge swarm of locusts overtakes the city, destroying much of the crops. A powerful hail storm follows, also causing much destruction in the city. Joshua comes across Moses talking to Malak, though Joshua cannot see the boy. Moses is horrified to learn of what the final plague is to be. He tells the Hebrews to slaughter a lamb and cover their doors with blood. That night, a darkness sweeps over the city. The first born child in each Egyptian home that is not marked with blood dies, including the son of Ramses. He finds his dead child and wails. After this, Ramses angrily tells Moses to leave with the Hebrews for Canaan. Moses leads the Hebrews into their exodus from the city. They walk for days until coming across the Red Sea. Fearing they have no way of going further, a frustrated Moses throws his sword into the ocean. Later, the waters begin to recede, allowing the people to go through. One Hebrew objects to Moses' leadership, but Moses convinces everyone to continue following him as he vows to take them home. They begin to walk through the sea. Back in Egypt, Ramses is still mourning the loss of his son. He decides to go after the Hebrews. His men ride through the mountains without stopping to rest the men or horses. On their journey, a large portion of Ramses' soldiers are killed when the mountains break down and take the soldiers down with it. The surviving Egyptians catch up to the Hebrews, who are almost through the Red Sea. The waters then begin to reform, forcing everyone to run for it. Moses rides toward Ramses, while Joshua, Aaron, and others follow him. As the waters get higher and closer, Moses orders the Hebrews to run back to land, while most of Ramses' soldiers retreat, even as Ramses continues riding toward Moses. The waves then crash down, killing Ramses' men before hitting both Moses and Ramses. Moses survives and rejoins the Hebrews, while Ramses also survives but is left alone amongst his dead soldiers, all of whom are being feasted on by the birds. Moses leads the Hebrews through Midian so that he may reunite with Zipporah and Gershom. Moses tells her that her faith should be stronger than ever now. They embrace and kiss. Later on, Moses is carving out the Ten Commandments onto a slab of stone. He talks to Malak again, who tells him that if he truly believes in what he's writing, that he ought to continue. The Hebrews make their way through Mount Sinai. A significantly older Moses rides with the Ten Commandments close to him. He looks out and sees Malak amongst the crowd before he seems to disappear. The Hebrews then continue making their way to the promised land. 