nm0009810:

 The Persuaders! (19711972)Summaries Two worlds collide when the titled Englishman, Lord Brett Sinclair, and the Bronx-raised, self-made American Danny Wilde, reluctantly join forces to right wrongs, and to protect the innocent. English Lord Brett Sinclair and American Danny Wilde are both wealthy playboys, they are teamed together by Judge Fullton to investigate crimes which the police can't solve. These two men are complete opposites, but become great friends through their adventures and constantly risk their own lives for one another. Daniel Bolton <klsdb4@cynergy.com.au> Mix two relatively harmless compounds like nitro and glycerine, and you've got yourself a very potent combination, just like in the case of the titled Englishman, Lord Brett Sinclair, and the Bronx-raised, self-made American Danny Wilde. Joined into an improbable team by a not-so-unexpected bar brawl and the ingeniousness of the retired Judge Fulton, the two men of immense quality and potential are off to search for loopholes overlooked and to redress one of the anomalies of the law, that is in protecting the innocent, the guilty often go free too. Sometimes rivals, sometimes allies, nevertheless, always companions, Lord Brett, the noble, first-class athlete and artistic polyglot, and Danny, the irrepressible, optimistic and courageous oil tycoon, together they are bound to get the job done. Who could stand in the way of such an unlikely but powerful alliance? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Doctor Who (19631989)55) The adventures in time and space of the Doctor, a Time Lord who changes appearance and personality by regenerating when near death, and is joined by companions in battles against aliens and other megalomaniacs. Traveling across time and space, the immortal time-lord known as 'The Doctor' travels across the universe with his many companions and his loyal shape-shifting space-ship: the TARDIS. The Doctor faces many threats across many generations: from the Daleks, the Cybermen and his time-lord adversary the Master to the sinister Davros, creator of the Daleks. Johnny The Doctor is a renegade Time Lord: an eccentric, highly-intelligent scientist from a distant planet. He travels through time and space in the TARDIS, a curious device, larger on the inside than on the outside, which was designed to change its appearance to suit its surroundings. Unfortunately, the Doctor's TARDIS seems to be broken, and always appears as a blue British police box. The Doctor has a soft spot for the planet Earth, and often visits there, either to save it from various alien threats or to whisk a choice few inhabitants away to the distant parts of the galaxy to help him fight evil there. The Doctor has many foes, including Daleks (led by Davros), and the Master, another renegade Time Lord. Time Lord biology enables them to regenerate their bodies, and so both the Doctor and the Master appear to evolve over the years. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> When two school teachers enter a London junkyard one foggy night in 1963 in search of a mysteriously advanced student, they do not suspect that it will be the beginning of an adventure across the infinite reaches of time and space. For there they encounter a crotchety old man who calls himself 'The Doctor', who apparently lives inside an old police telephone box... which is, in fact, an astounding time and space machine larger inside than out, called a TARDIS. Over the course of the series, companions would come and go, the Doctor himself would 'regenerate' into different men at the point of death and develop into a champion of justice and freedom, and numerous evils would arise to challenge him and threaten the universe with domination and destruction, such as the evil pepperpot Daleks and the soulless, emotionless Cybermen. And it would be revealed that the Doctor is a renegade Time Lord, from a world called Gallifrey... or is he? Scott The Doctor is a mysterious time traveler from a distant planet who travels through time and space in the TARDIS (Time And Relative Dimensions In Space). The TARDIS is disguised as a 1960's London police box which is larger on the inside than on the outside. His adventures take him through time and space to other planets and galaxies and any period of time within the history of these planets and galaxies. He has a fondness for Earth and it's inhabitants and has visited there many times at various stages in it's history. His main aim is to fight evil and oppression wherever he finds it. He is usually aided and sometimes hindered in this quest by one or two traveling companions he picks up at various points in his adventures. His greatest foes have been the Daleks, the Cybermen and an evil opposite from his own race called the Master. Steve Lynch It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Department S (19691970)Summaries An elite department within Interpol, Department S inherited those cases which the other member groups had failed to solve. The brains of the group was Jason King, a hedonistic maverick who wrote mystery novels and solved real-life crimes by projecting himself into the shoes of his fictional hero, Mark Caine. American Stewart Sullivan was the fighter and pragmatist of the group, as down to Earth and cynical as Jason was flighty and flamboyant. Annabelle Hurst was their scientist and analyst, whom Jason often accused of loving nothing in the world except her computer. Although there was strong loyalty amongst the trio, there was also a lot of competition, especially between Annabelle and Jason, who seldom agreed on any theory and were continually trying to show each other up by solving the case using their preferred methods. The head of Department S was Sir Curtis Seretse. Marg Baskin <marg@asd.raytheon.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 You Can't Win 'Em All (1970)Summaries During the 1922 Turkish Civil War, two Americans and a group of foreign mercenaries offer their services to a local Turkish governor who hires them as guards for a secret transport. Two former U.S. Army soldiers, Adam Dyer and Josh Corey, join a band of Turkish mercenaries in 1922 Turkey. They are hired by Osman Bey, a local governor, to escort his three daughters to Smyran and to protect a gold shipment that is to accompany them. Nobody is aware that Elci, a local colonel, plans to steal the gold for himself, while a rebel general pursues all parties involved. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 