nm0005218:

 Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story (2007)Summaries Singer Dewey Cox overcomes adversity to become a musical legend. The up-and-down-and-up-again story of musician Dewey Cox, whose songs would change a nation. On his rock 'n roll spiral, Cox sleeps with 411 women, marries three times, has 36 kids, stars in his own 70s TV show, collects friends ranging from Elvis to the Beatles to a chimp, and gets addicted to - and then kicks - every drug known to man; but despite it all, Cox grows into a national icon and eventually earns the love of a good woman - longtime backup singer Darlene. Sony Pictures It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mean Girls (2004)651) Cady Heron is a hit with The Plastics, the A-list girl clique at her new school, until she makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels, the ex-boyfriend of alpha Plastic Regina George. Lindsay Lohan stars as Cady Heron, a 16 year old homeschooled girl who not only makes the mistake of falling for Aaron Samuels (Jonathan Bennett), the ex-boyfriend of queenbee Regina George (Rachel McAdams), but also unintentionally joins The Plastics, led by Regina herself. Join Cady as she learns that high school life can and will be really tough. Bash Cleesattel Her parents being zoologists, Cady Heron has never known what "high school" truly meant. She lived her first 15 years in the African jungle, home-schooled, living life with only her parents and the animals of the wilderness, knowing all of the rules of survival. But when she leaves Africa, she has to learn the rules of high school, which is a jungle in itself. It didn't take long before she met two sweet sweet teenagers, Damian and Janis. But in turns of high school they are known as the " out krowd." Soon she meets the Plastics, the three crude, beautiful, popular girls, consisting of Regina, the unofficial leader, Gretchen, who would do anything for Regina, and Karen, "one of the dumbest people you will ever meet." After just a few minutes they let her into their group, but Cady wanted to keep her first friends, so she wasnt really sure. But Damien and Jannis thougt that it might be fun to play a game with the plastics so they concinded her to keep the relationship with the Plastics. But only so thet could get to know all of there darkest secrets and then laugh at them. This does not go really as they planed when Candy falls in love with Redigas ex boyfriend. When Regina finds out, she seeks revenge of Cady by taking Aaron back. When Cady finds out, what began as a game to discover secrets turns into a plan to destroy Regina. Now, Cady, Janis, and Damian plot together to bring Regina's status down. However, as Cady spends more time with the Plastics, she, too, begins to become one. Michelle K. P. Cady Heron moves to a new home from the bush country of Africa. She goes to a new school where she meets Janis and Damian. Her new friends warn her to stay away from the Plastics: the A-list, popular, crude, and beautiful clique headed by Regina George with Gretchen and Karen. When Cady sees Aaron Samuels, she falls in love. When Regina discovers this, she seeks revenge by taking and dangling Aaron in front of Cady. Now Cady, Janis, and Damian plot to bring Regina's status down. However, as Cady continues to spend more time with the Plastics, she begins to become one of them. Max Alexander <IHeartAshleyTisdale264> Raised in the African bush country by her zoologist parents, Cady Heron thinks she knows all about the "survival of the fittest". But the law of the jungle takes on a whole new meaning when the home-schooled 16-year old enters public high school for the first time. Trying to find her place between jocks, mathletes, and other subcultures, Cady crosses paths with the meanest species of all - the Queen Bee, aka the cool and calculating Regina George, leader of the school's most fashionable clique, the Plastics. When Cady falls for Regina's ex-boyfriend Aaron Samuels, though, the Queen Bee is stung - and she schemes to destroy Cady's social future. Cady's own claws soon come out as she leaps into a hilarious "Girl World" war that has the whole school running for cover. Chris Hunter <DrEvilGuy200> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cady (Lindsay Lohan) is the 16-year-old home-schooled daughter of zoologist parents (Ana Gasteyer and Neil Flynn). They have returned to the United States after residing in Africa for 12 years for their research. Cady is unprepared for her first day of public high school. With the help of Janis (Lizzy Caplan) and Damien (Daniel Franzese), Cady learns about the various cliques. She is warned to avoid the school's most exclusive clique, the Plastics, the reigning trio of girls led by the queen bee Regina George (Rachel McAdams). The Plastics take an interest in Cady, inviting her to sit with them at lunch and go shopping with them after school. Upon realizing that Cady has been accepted into the Plastics, Janis hatches a plan to get revenge on Regina, using Cady to infiltrate the Plastics. Having ingratiated herself with the Plastics per Janis' plan, Cady learns about a "Burn Book." This notebook is Regina's top secret notebook filled with vicious rumors, secrets, and gossip about all the other girls (and teachers) in their class. Cady soon falls in love with Regina's ex-boyfriend, Aaron Samuels (Jonathan Bennett), whom Regina successfully steals back from Cady in a fit of jealousy. Hurt and frustrated, Cady continues with Janis' plan, which involves cutting off Regina's "resources," separating her from Aaron, destroying her beauty, and turning Regina's fellow Plastics, insecure rich girl Gretchen Wieners (Lacey Chabert) and sweet but ditzy Karen Smith (Amanda Seyfried), against her. Cady starts feigning failure at math to get Aaron's attention and soon choreographs Aaron's breakup with Regina by confessing Regina's infidelity with another boy. Cady also tricks Regina into eating high-calorie nutrition bars (called Klteen) by claiming that they actually help one lose weight. She also turns Gretchen against Regina by making her think Regina thinks of Cady as a better friend instead of her. In her efforts to get revenge on Regina, Cady gradually loses her individual personality and remakes herself in the image of Regina. She soon becomes as spiteful as Regina, abandoning Janis and Damien and focusing more on her image. Regina responds by spreading the entire contents of her Burn Book around the school, inciting a riot. To avoid suspicion, Regina also inserts a fake libel of herself in the book in order to focus blame on Cady, Gretchen, and Karen. The riot is eventually quelled by Principal Duvall (Tim Meadows). Math teacher Ms. Norbury (Tina Fey), who also appeared in the Burn Book in which Cady slandered her by saying that she sold drugs, makes the girls realize that all of them are guilty of hurting their peers. She has each girl confess and apologize to the rest of the girls. When Janis' turn comes, Regina makes an insulting joke about her sexuality, to which the crowd laughs. Janis retaliates by confessing her plan to destroy Regina with Cady's help and openly mocks Regina with the support of the entire school. Regina storms out, pursued by an apologetic Cady, and gets hit by a school bus in her haste. Rumors circulate that Cady intentionally pushed Regina in front of the bus. Now without friends, shunned by Aaron, and distrusted by everyone at school, even being distrusted by her own parents, Cady decides to make amends by taking full blame for the Burn Book. Though severely punished by her confession, her guilt dissolves and she returns to her old personality. As part of her punishment and her reformation, she joins the Mathletes, which Damien and Regina both described earlier as "social suicide," in their competition. There, Cady has an epiphany while competing against a very unattractive girl, realizing that even if she made fun of the girl's appearance it would not stop the girl from beating her. At the Spring Fling dance, Cady is elected Spring Fling Queen, but in her acceptance speech, she declares her victory is meaningless: they are all wonderful in their own way and thus the victory belongs to everyone. As a symbolic gesture, she breaks her tiara and distributes the pieces to her classmates. Cady makes up with Janis and Damien, reconciles with Aaron, and reaches a truce with the Plastics. The film ends with the Plastics disbanding by the start of the new school year: Regina joins the lacrosse team, Karen becomes the school weather girl, Gretchen joins the "Cool Asians", and Cady hangs out with Damien and Janis. Cady reflects that the "Girl World" is drama-free. 
 The Ladies Man (2000)Summaries The Saturday Night Live (1975) character gets a big screen treatment. Because of his salacious language, late-night radio advice-show host Leon Phelps, along with his sweet and loyal producer Julie, is fired from his Chicago gig. They can't find another job. About that time, two things happen: he gets a letter from a wealthy former lover who offers to take care of him (but she doesn't sign her real name, so Leon, an inveterate Casanova, has no idea who she is), and a group of angry cuckolds, all of whom have surprised their wives in flagrante delicto with Leon (who has a distinctive tattoo on his booty), are closing in, armed and dangerous. Can he find the sugar mommy and escape the wrath of the mob of husbands? What about Julie? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping (2016)541) When it becomes clear that his solo album is a failure, a former boy band member does everything in his power to maintain his celebrity status. When his new album fails to sell records, pop and rap superstar conner4real (Andy Samberg) goes into a major tailspin and watches his celebrity high life begin to collapse. He'll try anything to bounce back, anything except reuniting with his old rap group The Style Boyz. When it becomes apparent that his new album ConnQuest is a bomb, internationally renowned pop star Connor 4 Real (Andy Samberg) does everything he can to save what's left of his career. Even if it means selling out or appearing on endless late night talk shows. But when the populace demands that he reunite his former band "The Style Boyz", Connor brushes off every attempt to do so. Even if that means reconnecting with the one former member who can make it all happen, but he is reluctant to do so. Can Connor clean up his act and make amends to reunite his crew? Or will his ego get in the way? halo1k This mockumentary spoof of the music business and modern celebrity centers on self-absorbed pop rapper Conner4Real (Andy Samberg). Once a member of a popular rap trio called the Style Boyz, Conner is now a solo artist about to drop his second album. Unfortunately, the release gets abysmal reviews, and his career begins to melt down when his attempts at rehabbing his image lead to such disasters as a global blackout and a proposal to his girlfriend interrupted by a wolf attack. Eventually, Conner considers burying the hatchet with former colleagues Owen (Jorma Taccone) and Lawrence (Akiva Schaffer) in order to reunite the Style Boyz.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Note: The whole movie is made in the style of a mockumentary in the vein of 'This is Spinal Tap'. The film starts with an introduction of The Style Boyz, a popular boy band from back in the day. Made up of Owen Bouchard/Kid Contact (Jorma Taccone), Lawrence Dunne/Kid Brain (Akiva Schaffer), and Conner Friel/Kid Conner (Andy Samberg), they influenced the likes of Usher, Nas, and Questlove, and their song and dance "Donkey Roll" was a huge hit. However, over the years, Conner became the face of the band, leading Owen and Lawrence to get sidelined. This, plus Conner's ego and moronic behavior, caused friction between Conner and Lawrence, and The Style Boyz eventually split up. In the present, Conner has gone solo as Conner4Real, but Owen stuck around as his DJ, while Lawrence moved to the countryside to become a farmer. Conner's first solo album, "Thriller, Also" was the #1 selling album. We see him onstage with Adam Levine's hologram performing his hit song "I'm So Humble". We also meet Conner's publicist Paula (Sarah Silverman) and manager Harry (Tim Meadows), the latter who states that Conner has 32 people on his personal payroll, including a weed roller, a guy to punch him in the nuts to remind him where he came from, and a "perspective manipulator" who stands next to Conner to make him look taller. Conner is getting ready to release his second album, "CONNquest". His first single off that album, "Equal Rights", features Pink, and mostly features Conner reminding listeners that he's not gay, mainly by saying "I'M NOT GAY" and utilizing "straight" things. The first reviews are not kind. Out of four stars, Rolling Stone gives it the shit emoji. Conner does find a review that calls it a "triumph"... but it's from The Onion. We're treated to a clip of Conner's featured performance on a song from another pop star (Emma Stone) which is mostly made up of catchphrases that Lawrence wrote. Conner never gave him credit for it. In order to build up the marketing for the album, Conner signs with Aquaspin to gain publicity. He and his entourage meet with Aquaspin head Deborah (Maya Rudolph; pronounced Duh-BORE-uh) to see that much of their products, like fridges, play Conner's music when used. This is supported by artists like A$AP Rocky and RZA. Conner holds a party with all the Aquaspin products, which is attended by his coke-addicted mom Tilly (Joan Cusack) and his airheaded movie star girlfriend Ashley Wednesday (Imogen Poots). The use of the Aquaspin products causes mass blackouts across the nation. This pisses off even some of Conner's biggest fans. "CONNquest" sells poorly in its first week. As Conner is set to go on tour, he and Harry decide to pair him up with the rapper Hunter The Hungry (Chris Redd). Hunter is a big fan of Conner's, so the two start touring together, playing some of Conner's new tracks, "Bin Laden" (talking about a girl that wants to get fucked like "America fucked Bin Laden") and "Mona Lisa" (how the painting is overrated). On the tour, Conner decides to try out a gimmick where he changes costumes onstage. During his performance, he accidentally ends up nude with his penis tucked between his legs, leading everybody to think he has no dick. Conner is frequently mocked by paparazzi from CMZ (Will Arnett, Chelsea Peretti, Eric Andre, and Mike Birbiglia), all of whom are frequently seen drinking from huge cups. They take aim at his "wardrobe malfunction" here. In order to change the word in the media, Conner decides to propose to Ashley. He stages an elaborate proposal, with wolves and a performance from Seal. As Conner proposes, Seal's song causes the wolves to go nuts and start running loose. Conner and Ashley run to their limo while Seal tries to hold off the wolves, leading to him getting mauled. Seal later sues Conner, Ashley breaks up with him, and his fans are now even more pissed. Conner manages to get himself a last minute spot on "The Tonight Show". Jimmy Fallon brings Owen out so the three of them can do the Donkey Roll, which upsets Conner because he thinks it makes him look like a has-been. Owen decides to try and bring Conner and Lawrence back together in a "Parent Trap"-inspired scheme where they can reconcile. Owen brings them both inside a limo to talk, but neither of them want to speak to each other. The limo then gets bombarded by crazed fans that want Conner to sign their body parts. He ends up signing someone's penis before leaving Owen and Lawrence. Conner starts to have a public meltdown as he trashes his home, yells at his fans during one of his shows for not buying "CONNquest", and then sabotaging Hunter's performance after learning he was responsible for the wardrobe malfunction. When Harry tells Conner he also signed Hunter, Conner gives Harry an ultimatum of who to work with. Conner decides to return to his mother's house and get away from the show biz lifestyle. He becomes upset when his pet turtle Maximus gets ill and eventually dies. He holds a funeral for him in his pool (and then hosts a pool party). Conner is later visited by Paula, who puts on a tape of Conner's 10th birthday party where Owen and Lawrence gave him Maximus as a gift. Paula brings him to a club where Owen is performing as the DJ and tries to sing (he's tone deaf). Conner, wearing a ridiculous disguise, approaches his friend and apologizes for his behavior. Conner and Owen travel to Lawrence's farm. After repeatedly trying to justify his stupidity, Conner apologizes to Lawrence and gives him credit for writing his best stuff. Lawrence forgives him and then reveals to his friends that he has been growing weed. They spend the afternoon hanging out, when Conner gets a call from Paula saying he got a spot at the Pop Awards (or "Poppies"). Conner wants to turn it down, but Owen and Lawrence tell him not to since it could be big for him. They then start working on a song that Lawrence started writing a while ago. The guys head out for the Poppies to join Conner as The Style Boyz again. They see Hunter filming a personal documentary. He goes up onstage to present an award with Mariah Carey and just uses it as a chance to advertise something. Mariah and the fans get annoyed, leading Hunter to curse everyone out. He then goes to confront Harry and insults him, so Harry punches him in the face. One of the show's producers then approaches Conner and says his act has been cut from six minutes to three, meaning he has to choose between doing a solo performance or go on with Owen and Lawrence. Conner thinks hard for a moment but then makes up his mind. Conner goes up to perform. It sounds like he's about to perform the "Bin Laden" song, and then Owen and Lawrence join him onstage. They perform their newest song, "Incredible Thoughts", with last minute guest performer MICHAEL BOLTON. Usher joins as a dancer to do the Donkey Roll (fulfilling a dream of his), and a guy in a fish costume playing a guitar, who turns out to be Conner's chef (Justin Timberlake). The song is a huge hit, and the fans go wild. In the end, Conner is happy and performing with his friends again. He even gets a new turtle that he names Maximus 2. Conner then gets mauled by a wolf. During the credits, we see the CMZ gang trying to mock Conner again, but they have nothing and then reflect on their sad, miserable lives. They then decide to poke fun at James Franco leaving a Denny's restaurant. 