nm0007592:

 Visa/Vie (2010)Summaries Anna Ronquillo (29), a French-Moroccan migr, is caught working illegally in a Cape Town restaurant. She has 48 hours to find a husband to avoid having to leave the country. Anna Ronquillo (29), a French-Moroccan migr working illegally in a trendy Cape Town restaurant, is busted by Home Affairs in the middle of a shift. They tell her she has 48 hours in which to gather her possessions and return to France. In an ironic twist of colonial fate, this child of the First World is now not allowed to stay in the Third World. With her bags half-packed, she makes a drastic decision. She makes a personal announcement on a local radio station to Cape Town's bachelors: anyone interested in marrying her should meet at the restaurant the following day. She meets an ideal man but there is one problem. He does not have a South African passport. Now Anna must choose: between marrying for the sake of personal freedom, or loving even if it means having to leave. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Best Job in the World (1996)Summaries Gerard Depardieu is a new teacher in a lower class school. He has a hard time with a special eighth grade class, and in his building. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Devil's Mistress (2008)Summaries Drama charts the progress of the English Civil War through the story of a young woman, the fictional Angelica Fanshawe, and her three husbands. During Oliver Cromwell's puritanical regicidal revolution, the fictional aristocratic manor lady Angelica Fanshawe follows her heart rather than political loyalty in the bloody conflict between royalists and Roundheads, and later among Crowell's triumphant, soon rivaling protestant followers. For love, she commits to several parties. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Outcasts (20102011)Summaries With Earth rapidly becoming uninhabitable, pioneers seek to colonize the harsh terrain of the planet Carpathia. 10 years later, the town of Forthaven faces danger as the planet's dark secrets are revealed. Leaving a deteriorating Earth behind, a group of courageous pioneers have colonized the planet Carpathia. Ten years later, the citizens of the settlement town Forthaven have lost contact with Earth and are uncertain if or when more transporters will arrive. President Tate governs the settlement, aided by Stella Isen and her security officers Fluer and Cass, while Expeditionaries like Jack Holt explore their new home. But secrets and something beyond the gates of Forthaven threaten to destroy their future. L. Hamre It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 