nm0006453:

 Tully (2018)541) A struggling mother of three forms an unexpected bond with the night nanny hired to help with her newborn baby. The film is about Marlo, a mother of three, including a newborn. Marlo's brother gives her a night nanny as a gift. Hesitant with the extravagance at first, Marlo comes to form a unique bond with the thoughtful, surprising, and sometimes challenging young nanny named Tully. Marlo, a mother of two, is pregnant with an unplanned third child. Jonah, her son, has a developmental disorder that doctors have been unable to diagnose; she uses the Wilbarger Protocol to brush his skin in an attempt to reduce his sensitivity. When Marlo and her husband Drew visit her wealthy brother Craig's house for dinner, he offers to pay for a night nanny as a baby shower gift, but Marlo rebuffs him. Marlo gives birth to a daughter she names Mia, and quickly becomes overwhelmed and exhausted. After Jonah's principal recommends that he be placed in a different school, Marlo breaks down, and she retrieves the contact information for the night nanny. Juggling weighty domestic responsibilities with Jonah, her emotionally needy five-year-old boy, the exhausted and pregnant mother of two, Marlo, is at the end of her tether. Then, the arrival of her newborn daughter, Mia, further complicates matters, and as if that weren't enough, Jonah's principal has an important announcement to make. As a result, unable to cope with the steep challenges of motherhood, Marlo accepts her wealthy brother's offer to gift her with the free-spirited twenty-six-year-old night nanny, Tully. Now, for the following three weeks, the too-good-to-be-true babysitter will be looking after the baby-girl from dusk till dawn, so that the overworked New York mum can finally get some rest, and maybe, just maybe, reacquaint with the lively woman she used to be. However, this is easier said than done. Who said parenthood is a walk in the park? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Marlo (Charlize Theron) is brushing her son Jonah's (Asher Miles Fallica) skin, as he has some form of autism and was recommended by doctors to have his skin brushed to make things easier on him. When she is done, Marlo goes to her husband Drew (Ron Livingston) to remind him that they are having dinner the following night at her brother's house, but Drew thinks Marlo's brother hates him. Marlo, who is nine months pregnant with her third child, takes Jonah and his sister Sarah (Lia Frankland) to school. Jonah throws a tantrum over a specific parking lot before Marlo manages to calm him down. Marlo then goes to meet with the principal, Laurie (Gameela Wright). She tells Marlo that while they like Jonah, his "quirky" behavior is often difficult to deal with and Laurie suggests to Marlo that they hire an aide for the boy. The family goes to Marlo's brother Craig's (Mark Duplass) home for dinner with his wife Elyse (Elaine Tan), their daughters Greta (Bella Star Choy) and Emmy (Maddie Dixon-Poirier), and their night nanny Shasta (Stormy Ent). Craig and Elyse suggest to Marlo and Drew that they hire a night nanny to help with the baby, as well as their implication that Jonah is too much to deal with. Marlo goes to chat with Craig, who continues to try and sell her on it since he would be paying for the nanny, but Marlo is hesitant. Marlo's water breaks and she goes to the hospital as the baby arrives. She gives birth to a girl that she names Mia. Upon returning home, Marlo goes through a routine of pumping breast milk, changing diapers, and tending to the baby whenever she cries. She becomes overwhelmed and exhausted. Marlo brings Mia with her to meet with Laurie again. This time, Laurie suggests that it would be better for everyone if Jonah were "dismissed" from the school and sent to a public school. Marlo gets upset and starts yelling at Laurie, believing she just hates Jonah and thinks he's retarded. She goes back to her car with Mia, who won't stop crying. Fed up, Marlo picks up her phone. That night, after putting Sarah and Jonah to bed, Marlo is visited by the night nanny, Tully (Mackenzie Davis). She helps Marlo pump breast milk and tend to Mia. The two then chat over Marlo's feelings about being a mother. The following morning, Marlo is surprised to discover that Tully cleaned up the house. The next night, Tully bakes cupcakes for Jonah's class. Marlo gives one to Laurie to apologize for how she acted toward her. Jonah later starts his new school with Marlo taking him in on his first day. He has to use the bathroom and he freaks out after flushing the toilet because of how loud it is. Marlo tries to calm him down when a teacher walks by and manages to calm Jonah down by pretending they are trees. When Marlo sees Tully again, she mentions going through Drew's browser history and seeing that he has some kind of fetish for waitresses wearing a specific uniform from something out of a diner from the 50's. Marlo admits she bought the uniform to wear for Drew, but she never did. Tully goes to put it on, and they go upstairs to wake Drew up and have a threesome with him. Marlo starts to look and feel better. She goes to a birthday party with Drew, the kids, and Craig and his family, and they note how much more lively she looks. The next night that Tully comes over, she appears upset over an issue she has with her roommate for bringing so many guys over. She then suggests to Marlo that they go into the city to have some fun. Marlo is initially hesitant but eventually agrees to drive to Brooklyn. Marlo and Tully drive by Marlo's old neighborhood before going to a bar. They have drinks and jam out to the band that is playing. Tully then tells Marlo that she can no longer work for her because she was only there to bridge a gap and she feels that she is no longer needed. Marlo becomes upset and starts to leave. She steals a bike and rides away with Tully following her on another bike. Marlo tries to go to her old home but then gives up and decides to just drive home. On the way back, Marlo falls asleep at the wheel and swerves off a bridge into the river. Marlo sees herself trapped underwater in her car. She envisions Tully as a mermaid coming to rescue her. Marlo wakes up in the hospital where Drew is looking over her. The nurse informs him that Marlo was suffering from sleep deprivation and exhaustion. After Craig arrives, Drew talks to the lady behind the desk to give Marlo's personal information, revealing that her maiden name is Tully. This is when we learn that the Tully that Marlo saw was never real, and that everything she appeared to do with Tully was in her head. Marlo is then visited by "Tully" one last time, where they decide that they have to stop seeing each other, and they part amicably. Marlo returns home and starts to do better. She goes to brush Jonah's skin, but he decides on his own that he doesn't need it. After hugging him good night, Marlo goes into the kitchen to listen to music and prepare the kids' lunch for the next day. Drew comes in and shares the music with her as he helps her. 
 The Oscars (2016 TV Special)Summaries The 88th Academy Awards ceremony honors achievement in film in 2015. The 88th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS), will honor the best films of 2015 and is scheduled to take place on February 28, 2016, at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood, California beginning at 5:30 p.m. PST / 8:30 p.m. During the ceremony, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences will present Academy Awards in 24 categories. The ceremony will be televised in the United States by ABC, and will be produced by David Hill and Reginald Hudlin. Actor Chris Rock will host the show for the second time, having previously hosted the 77th ceremony held in 2005. Shmeagol It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wonder (I) (2017)431) Based on the New York Times bestseller, this movie tells the incredibly inspiring and heartwarming story of August Pullman, a boy with facial differences who enters the fifth grade, attending a mainstream elementary school for the first time. Based on the New York Times bestseller, WONDER tells the incredibly inspiring and heartwarming story of August Pullman. Born with facial differences that, up until now, have prevented him from going to a mainstream school, Auggie becomes the most unlikely of heroes when he enters the local fifth grade. As his family, his new classmates, and the larger community all struggle to discover their compassion and acceptance, Auggie's extraordinary journey will unite them all and prove you can't blend in when you were born to stand out. Lionsgate August "Auggie" Pullman (Jacob Tremblay) is a 10-year-old boy living in North River Heights in upper Manhattan, New York, with his mother Isabel (Julia Roberts), father Nate (Owen Wilson), older sister Olivia "Via" (Izabela Vidovic), and dog Daisy. He has a rare medical facial deformity, which he refers to as "mandibulofacial", and has undergone 27 different surgeries as a result. Auggie has been home-schooled, but as he approaches fifth grade, his parents decide to enroll him in Beecher Prep, a private school. Before the school year begins, Auggie meets with Mr. Tushman (Mandy Patinkin), the principal, who arranges a tour for him with three other students: Jack Will (Noah Jupe), Julian Albans (Bryce Gheisar), and Charlotte Cody (Elle McKinnon). When school starts, Auggie is initially ostracized by nearly the entire student body, but soon forms a close friendship with Jack. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. August ("Auggie") Pullman ( Jacob Tremblay ) is 10 years old, a precocious little boy who lives in Brooklyn with his parents, older sister Olivia ("Via") ( Izabela Vidovic ), and dog Daisy. He was born with a rare medical facial deformity, mandibulofacial dysostosis (otherwise known as Treacher Collins Syndrome), and has undergone 27 surgeries in order to see, smell, speak and hear. Up until this point, his parents Isabel ( Julia Roberts ) and Nate ( Owen Wilson ) have home-schooled him, but it is decided that he be enrolled to attend middle school at Beecher Prep. Before starting classes, Auggie meets Principal Tushman ( Mandy Patinkin ) who arranges a tour for him with three other students: Jack ( Noah Jupe ), Julian ( Bryce Gheisar ), and Charlotte ( Elle McKinnon ). When school starts, Auggie is received with stares and jests from his classmates, leaving him to silently bear the tension. However, he soon forms a friendship with Jack and finds support through his teacher, Mr. Browne ( Daveed Diggs ). For Halloween, though Auggie planned to dress as Boba Fett, he settles on a Ghostface costume from the previous year and walks through school feeling optimistic since the getup allows him some anonymity. Upon entering homeroom, he sees Jack speaking to his friends Julian, Amos ( Ty Consiglio ), Miles ( Kyle Breitkopf ), and Henry ( James A Hughes ). Unrecognized because of his costume, Auggie is dismayed to hear them making fun of him behind his back. Among other remarks, the one that stings the most is that "[he] would kill [himself] if [he] looked like Auggie". Auggie becomes sick and his mother has to leave a mother-daughter day with Via to pick him up. Though she is hurt, Via convinces Auggie to go trick-or-treating. Auggie finds a sympathetic soul in Summer ( Millie Davis ) and confides in her about Jack's betrayal. Later, when Jack asks Summer why Auggie is avoiding him, she only says "Ghostface". Suddenly realizing what he's done, Jack resolves to make it up to Auggie and agrees to be partnered with him for the Science Fair, despite Julian's protests. When Julian confronts him in the hall and calls Auggie a freak, Jack hits him in the face and they fight before teachers break them up. Jack is suspended for two days and, though he refuses to give a reason for the fight in an apology letter to Principal Tushman, the principal responds saying that he thinks he understands why, and encourages Jack to keep being the good kid he knows he is. Jack then sends an apology to Auggie via Minecraft, telling him he said what he did only to gain favor with Julian's friend group, and they reconcile. Meanwhile, Via signs up for the drama club with classmate Justin ( Nadji Jeter ) with whom she soon begins a relationship with. At that point, she realizes she cannot keep secrets from someone she cares for and admits to him that, contrary to what she initially told him, she is not an only child. She brings Justin home to meet her mother and brother. Justin treats Auggie with kindness and tells Via that he understands her hesitation to tell him about her brother. Via is selected to be her classmate Miranda's ( Danielle Rose Russell ) understudy in the lead role for her school's production of 'Our Town'. On opening night, however, upon learning that her family is not in attendance while Via's is, Miranda feigns illness. Via fills in for the role and gives a moving performance, earning a standing ovation. Meanwhile, Auggie's popularity and circle of friends grows throughout the year, but he is still bullied by Julian and his friends. When Mr. Browne finds Auggie holding a photograph that had been stuck to his locker, he presses him, then Amos, for information. This results in Julian and his parents being summoned to see Principal Tushman who explains the school's zero-tolerance policy on bullying. He shows Julian's parents ( Yan-Kay Crystal Lowe and Steve Bacic ), the photograph from which Auggie has been photoshopped out and on which the sentence "Do everyone a favor and die" is written. Julian's mother admits to photoshopping Auggie out of the picture because she wants visitors to their home to focus on her son rather than the Pullmans. She further states that her son's normal good behavior and their financial donations to the school should supersede any suspension. Principal Tushman, however, is persistent and won't abide by bribery or threats. While he accepts Julian's apology, he cannot prevent the boy's parents from deciding to place him in another school. Later, at a class trip to a nature retreat, Auggie and Jack are confronted and antagonized by a group of seventh graders. Things become heated as Jack and Auggie attempt to fight back, but Amos, Miles, and Henry appear to defend them and they all escape the seventh graders. They retreat to the edge of a lake where Auggie becomes emotional at the kindness he's received, especially by former bullies. At that year's graduation, Auggie thanks his mother for enrolling him in school. She tells him, "You really are a wonder, Auggie." He is given the Henry Ward Beecher Medal for his strength and courage throughout the school year. The movie ends with everyone cheering Auggie as he delivers a voiceover narration (quoting the last precept Mr. Browne gave in class): "Be kind, for everyone is fighting a hard battle. And if you really want to see what people are, all you have to do is look." 
 The Revenant (2015)541) A frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by members of his own hunting team. While exploring uncharted wilderness in 1823, legendary frontiersman Hugh Glass sustains injuries from a brutal bear attack. When his hunting team leaves him for dead, Glass must utilize his survival skills to find a way back home while avoiding natives on their own hunt. Grief-stricken and fueled by vengeance, Glass treks through the wintry terrain to track down John Fitzgerald, the former confidant who betrayed and abandoned him. Jwelch5742 Set in 1820s America, fur trapper and Frontiersman Hugh Glass struggles to survive the harsh winter after an oppressive Ree Indian attack and a mauling from a hostile maternal bear. Abandoned by his crew, Glass attempts to cross the bleak wasteland with only a single notion set in his mind; Revenge. In the untamed and unforgiving wilderness of mid-winter snow-capped Missouri, the experienced nineteenth-century tracker, Hugh Glass, and his son, Hawk, lead a hunting and trapping expedition in the uncharted territory of the fierce Indian tribe, Arikara. As the party of trappers struggle to navigate back to the distant Fort Kiowa, a swift and devastating attack by a formidable grizzly bear leaves a brutally mauled Glass on the brink of death, double-crossed and abandoned by his men. Now, only Hugh's rabid desire to live can help him survive the piercing cold and the grave dangers in one of the world's most inhospitable environments, giving him the strength to drag his unrecognisable carcass and exact his revenge. However, will the man who has returned from the dead taste the ambrosial fruit of retribution? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in an indeterminate year of the 1820s, the opening scene shows Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) speaking to his son Hawk (Forrest Goodluck) in an Indian language (Pawnee), telling him that even though he is scared and wants his trouble to be over, he must fight as long as he can grab a breath. As we hear Glass' voice, we see images of Glass with his Pawnee wife and son, his home being set on fire, and him holding his wife in his arms. Glass and Hawk are walking through a river with other men from their hunting party as they stalk elk. They are camped by a river in rural Missouri with other fur-trappers. They are led by their captain, Andrew Henry (Domhnall Gleeson). A naked missing man from their party walks into the settlement and collapses forward with an arrow in his back. Another man is shot in the neck with an arrow and falls into the campfire. The hunting party is attacked by a tribe of local natives who are Arikara Indians, also known as 'Ree'. The men fire back with their rifles. Glass is attacked and nearly choked to death, but one of his men rescues him. A few men gather their furs and materials toward a boat to make their escape. The Arikaras themselves are looking for the chief's daughter, Powaqa, stolen by unknown white men. The men abandon their boat and start to hike overland to Fort Kiowa. Hawk is antagonized by John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) for his race (Hawk is half-Indian on his mother's side), but Glass quickly defends his son and tells him not to retaliate against Fitzgerald. While hunting in the woods, Glass comes across a grizzly bear and her cubs, and he is quickly attacked by the larger bear. The bear claws and bites Glass, throwing him around as Glass tries to defend himself. He manages to shoot the bear, but it doesn't kill her. She attacks again and Glass gets his knife, stabbing it several times as they both tumble down a hill. Glass lands in a gully and the dead bear lands on top of him. The men later find Glass and try to tend to his deep wounds. Meanwhile, the Arikara warriors continue their search for Powaqa. They come across French fur traders and trade the riverside furs for five horses. The men in the hunting party carry Glass on a makeshift stretcher, but he only slows them down. They attempt to carry him up a hill, only for him to slide and bring the other men down. Fitzgerald suggests they need to just kill Glass and put him out of his misery. Henry covers Glass' eyes and almost shoots him in the head, but he cannot bring himself to do it. Henry offers payment of $75 to anyone who will stay behind with Glass. Hawk and Jim Bridger (Will Poulter) volunteer, though Fitzgerald points out that they and Glass will be likely to die. Henry raises the payment offer to $100 so that even Fitzgerald decides to stay with them until Glass expires. Glass is still in great pain and continues to have visions of his wife and the day his home was burnt down. Fitzgerald gets a moment alone with Glass and tries to convince him to let him put him out of his misery so that no one else is slowed down or left waiting to die, including Hawk. As Glass is unable to talk, Fitzgerald suggests Glass should blink if he agrees, knowing that Glass would eventually have to blink, with or without intention to agree to Fitzgerald's offer. Glass holds his eyes open for a long time before closing them, instead of blinking. Fitzgerald intentionally interprets this as blinking and starts to smother Glass. Hawk shows up, seeing Fitzgerald smothering his father. Hawk starts to call Bridger for help, leading to a struggle with Fitzgerald in which the man stabs Hawk in the abdomen, then letting him bleed out as Glass watches helplessly. Fitzgerald gets rid of Hawk's body and tells Bridger he doesn't know where he went. Later that night, Fitzgerald urges Bridger to move on with him, claiming to have seen Ree Indians by the creek. Already having dug a grave for Glass, Fitzgerald forcefully drags him into the hole and partially buries him alive under a pile of dirt as Bridger reluctantly lets him do so. Meanwhile, Henry and the rest of the hunting party have a difficult march by as they head towards Fort Kiowa. As Fitzgerald and Bridger head to meet them, Bridger realizes Fitzgerald was lying about having seen the Ree by the creek. He turns his rifle on Fitzgerald, who takes it from Bridger and turns it on him. He pulls the trigger, but the unloaded rifle clicks on an empty chamber. They continue to move. Glass awakens and weakly struggles to rise from out of the dirt. He starts crawling his way through the woods to find food and warmth. He finds Hawk's body freezing up from the cold. Glass vows to stay by his son's side. He finds a thick bear pelt to take with him to keep warm. As he continues to move through the woods, he feeds off of roots and old bone marrow. He attempts to build a fire for added warmth and uses some of his leftover gunpowder to seal the wound in his throat. Nearby, the Indians are getting closer, so Glass rides down the rapids to escape them. Fitzgerald and Bridger are still walking. They come across a burnt-down settlement with bodies sprawled across the ground. One woman emerges from her burnt hut and sees the men. Bridger quietly leaves some food for her. Glass is getting colder and hungrier. He walks into the river and eats a live fish. He walks up a hill and sees a Pawnee Indian feeding off the carcass of a bison. Glass approaches him cautiously and gestures for food. The Indian throws him an organ, which Glass eats ravenously. In the morning, the Indian observes the bear wounds on Glass' body, which are starting to rot. Glass says his men left him for dead and killed his son. The Indian states that his own family was killed by a rival Sioux tribe. He is seeking out more Pawnee. Fitzgerald and Bridger reach the outpost and rejoin their party. Fitzgerald tells Henry that they couldn't save Glass or Hawk, and he collects his payment. Bridger remains quiet but is upset and refuses a bonus pay. Glass and the Indian move forward. They spend the evening sitting and catching snow in their mouths, the first time Glass has looked peaceful in a while. The Indian gathers materials for a quick sweat lodge and places a feverish Glass inside. Glass starts hearing his wife's voice, and then sees himself walking toward Hawk before they embrace in an old church. The Pawnee performs a healing ritual for Glass' wounds. When Glass wakes up, the Pawnee is gone. A short time later he sees that the Indian has been hanged by the French fur trappers. He infiltrates their camp and witnesses one of the men raping a woman. It is Powaqa (Melaw Nakehk'o). Glass holds the rapist at gunpoint and frees Powaqa. Glass then takes a horse, letting the other horses loose. He rides to a spot in the woods where he builds himself a fire. In the morning, the tribe searching for Powaqa starts to attack. Glass holds them off with his rifle before he mounts his horse and rides away. The tribe follows him on their horses up to a cliff where Glass and his horse fall over the edge. The horse dies, and Glass is injured again. As the night falls and the cold intensifies, he cuts the horse open, removes its organs, and bunks inside its carcass for warmth. When he wakes up, he gets out of the carcass and moves to a snow cave. In there, he carves "Fitzgerald killed my son." Sometime later at the outpost, one of the French hunters arrives with Glass' canteen, which Bridger left on the dirt pile after Fitzgerald buried him. Thinking he took it from Hawk, Henry leads a search party through the woods. There, they find Glass, limping towards them. They bring him back to the outpost. Henry finds that Fitzgerald is gone. The French hunter tells him that he heard Fitzgerald was headed to Texas. What's more is that Fitzgerald cleaned out the party's payroll safe. Henry then confronts Bridger with his rifle and beats the young man to the ground and puts him in the stockade. Glass vouches for Bridger's innocence to Henry, stating that he was only following orders. He also tells Henry how he saw Fitzgerald kill his son. Hearing that Fitzgerald is heading for Texas, Glass requests that he seek the man out himself. Henry reluctantly agrees to have Glass join him in the hunt. The two encounter Fitzgerald and split up to get him from opposite sides. Henry finds Fitzgerald first and plans to bring him back to be tried for murder. The two men draw their guns on each other, with Fitzgerald killing Henry. Glass finds Henry's body and puts him back on top of his horse using a branch as a prop. They ride on in view of Fitzgerald, who fires his rifle from a distance. He thinks he's killed Glass, but he just shot Henry's body. Glass gets a shot off and wounds Fitzgerald who runs while Glass pursues. They corner each other in the woods, and Fitzgerald shoots at Glass. Fitzgerald runs down by the creek where Glass finds him and they begin to fight. Fitzgerald nearly stabs Glass, but Glass turns the knife on him. Fitzgerald impales Glass' hand, but Glass overpowers him and nearly finishes him off until Fitzgerald states that killing him won't bring his boy back. On the other side of the creek, Glass sees the Indians that have been pursuing him, now with Powaqa. He decides that revenge is in God's hands, so he pushes Fitzgerald into the water and lets him float over to the Indians. The chief grabs Fitzgerald and kills him with his knife. They spare Glass since Powaqa tells them that Glass freed her. Although he has gotten his revenge, Glass is alone once again, wandering through the cold land. He falls on his knees and sees a vision of his wife once again walking into the light. The final shot is of Glass' eyes filling up with tears. 