nm0004975:

 The Paperboy (2012)431) A reporter returns to his Florida hometown to investigate a case involving a death row inmate. Eldest son Ward Jansen is a star reporter for a Miami newspaper and has returned home with close friend Yardley to investigate a racial murder case. Younger brother Jack Jansen has returned home after a failed stint at university as a star swimmer. To help give his life some direction, Ward gives Jack a job on their investigation as their driver. But into the mix comes the fiance of the imprisoned convict who stirs up confusing feelings of love and lust for the young Jack. Meanwhile, Ward and Yardley's investigation stirs up deep-rooted issues of race and acceptance which could cause serious consequences for everyone involved. napierslogs Upon the publication of "his" novel, Anita Chester, a black woman, recounts the story which was presumably the basis of the novel. It was the summer of 1969, her story centered on her employers, the Jansens, a newspaper family of Lately, Moat County, Florida, she then their part-time maid. The family patriarch, W.W. Jansen, was editor of the local newspaper, the Moat County Tribune. Eldest son Ward Jansen was a well respected investigative reporter for the Miami Times, his stories largely on issues of civil rights. Youngest son, twenty year old Jack Jansen, a former champion swimmer, was also an aspiring writer, recently returned home to deliver newspapers for his father having been expelled from college. With Ward and Jack's mother long out of the picture, Anita had been the only motherly influence in Jack's life, a mother he would have never considered their father's then girlfriend, Ellen Guthrie, who had a sense of privilege being what she considered more well bred solely because of her New York upbringing. Beyond her wedding ring, the only thing Jack had of his mother's was her belief not to engage in sex outside of marital love, which he still believed himself. That summer, Ward returned home with a British well bred, well spoken black colleague, Yardley Acheman, to investigate the 1965 murder of local corrupt sheriff, Thurmond Call. Hillary Van Wetter, from the wrong side of the swamp, was on death row for the murder, but it was largely regarded that he was a scapegoat - being not a well respected person himself - his lawyer who put up no real defense on Hillary's behalf at the trial. Ward and Yardley enlisted Jack's help as their driver while in Lately. Ward and Yardley being given this assignment was largely on the impetus of letters from Charlotte Bless. Bleached blonde white trash from Mobile, Alabama, Charlotte had routinely written to inmates including Hillary. Despite never having met in person, Hillary and Charlotte became engaged. As such, Charlotte became integral to the investigation, she who accompanied the trio to the prison whenever they needed to visit Hillary. Complications ensued when Jack himself fell for Charlotte - his first love - who he saw, if he were to admit to himself, his mother, a high school sweetheart, and an oversexed Barbie doll all rolled into one. It becomes clear that Anita's recollection of the situation is not so much to tell if they are able to prove Hillary innocent, but rather to relay the interrelationship between this collective of players, most specifically Ward, Jack and Charlotte, and how Jack's love for both played into what happened. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An idealistic reporter, Ward Jansen (McConaughey) and his younger brother, Jack Jansen (Efron) investigate the events surrounding a murder to exonerate a man on death row, Hillary Van Wetter (Cusack). Wetter has been jailed for the alleged murder of an unscrupulous local sheriff, Thurmond Call. Call had previously stomped Wetter's handcuffed cousin to death. Wetter is now on death row and awaiting execution. The Jensen brothers are helped by Ward's colleague, the ambitious black British man Yardley Acheman (Oyelowo) and the seductive Charlotte Bless (Kidman), a woman Wetter has never met but who has fallen in love with him and is determined that he should be released and that they should marry. In prison Wetter receives correspondence from her consistently. Charlotte tries to prove Wetter's innocence by requesting the help of Ward and Yardley, who are both investigative reporters from the Miami Times and are hungry for a salacious story. Ward returns to his hometown to investigate the case but has mixed feelings about returning home to his estranged father (Glenn),and his new girlfriend, Ellen (Gordon) who distribute the Miami Times in their town. Both the Jansen brothers dislike their father's new girlfriend. Jack is the paperboy after having been expelled from college for vandalism. His only real friend is his black maid, Anita (Gray) who narrates the story. The evidence against Wetter is inconsistent and the writers are confident that if they can expose Wetter as a victim of redneck justice then their story will benefit them greatly. Meanwhile, Jack has fallen in love with Charlotte who only desires Wetter. Anita realizes that Jack can never stop thinking of Charlotte as she is his first love. One day, with some information from Wetter, the Jansen brothers travel to the swamp to meet Wetter's uncle (Bellamy) who has evidence that he did not commit the crime. Ward is soon revealed to be a closeted homosexual when he approaches a pair of sadistic gay men who rape and torture him. During Ward's time in the hospital, Yardley prints the news article despite not getting all the facts right. Jack tries to convince Yardley to stop, but instead discovers that Yardley is actually American, but had to pretend to be British because local black men could not be successful unless they lied about their backgrounds. Yardley had also given Ward sexual favors in return for position in the paper. Wetter is eventually released from prison and takes Charlotte away to the swamp to live with him. She is unhappy and sends a letter to Jack telling how much she hates her new life. During their father's wedding, a recently recovered Ward and Jack go to save Charlotte. However, the escape plan is flawed and Charlotte and Ward are killed by Wetter, who is then arrested for their murder and executed on the electric chair as planned originally. Towards the end of the story, Anita reveals that Jack never forgot his first love. 
 Training Day (2001)651) A rookie cop spends his first day as a Los Angeles narcotics officer with a rogue detective who isn't what he appears to be. In Los Angeles, a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers, those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking them to clean up the streets. Denzel Washington plays L.A.P.D. detective Alonzo Harris, a veteran narcotics officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable, if not corrupt. 'Training Day' follows Harris as he trains rookie Jake Hoyt over a 24-hour period. Ethical dilemmas arise for Hoyt as well as the audience as questions present themselves as to whether or not Harris' methodology for ridding the streets of South Central Los Angeles of drugs is right or wrong. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> A former Los Angeles security guard named Jake Hoyt has applied for a LAPD position as a Narcotics officer. However, in order to be accepted, he must go through approximately 24 hours of training from a veteran Narcotics officer. Unfortunately for Jake, he is appointed to Alonzo Harris, an officer who has a nasty reputation for not treating victims very well, abusing suspects, handling drugs and other evidence in a questionable matter, and opening fire randomly. So, Jake must watch his own back with Alonzo on this "Training Day". John Wiggins Today is Jake Hoyt's (Ethan Hawke) first day on the force. And the rookie cop's partner, the one who will be teaching him the tricks of the trade, is Alonzo Harris (Denzel Washington). Harris is one of the best detectives out there, but he's also one of the most unorthodox. While at first Jake thinks he has good intentions behind his questionable ethics, one particularly hasty "assignment" puts him in a unwanted position with Harris. In just one day, Jake realizes that Alonzo may not be the man he thought he was, and the two are eventually pitted in a showdown where only one man can make it out alive. Macroplanet Jake Hoyt wants to become a LAPD narc agent, stop narcs from selling drugs on the streets. But that might be hard as he works with LAPD narc agent Alonzo Harris for the next 24 hours. Alonzo is an LAPD veteran who has been working the narcs for over a decade, but his ways and techniques of becoming a narc agent are questionable, if not corrupt. As the 24 hours go by, Jake observes Alonzo's methods, and in the madness, Jake tries to solve all the twists and turns, trying to figure out who really is the enemy here. Training Day. Its a day of reckoning. Charles Lee <Chucklee2k1@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins as we see Jake Hoyt (Ethan Hawke) waking up on the 1st day of his new assignment as an undercover narcotics officer in the grittiest part of LA. The head of his unit is Alonzo Harris (Denzel Washington) who has 4 other men working for him. Today, Jake will be riding along with Alonzo so he can show him the streets, and see how young Jake performs under pressure. Jake meets Alonzo at a small coffee shop where Jake finds out quickly that Alonzo is a tough-talking, no-nonsense maverick narcotics officer. For the next few hours we are taken from the ghetto to the barrio, from drug dealers to rapists. We learn a lot about Alonzo's as he seems to know every bad person out there. He even lives with a girl in the ghetto with their son. In that particular neighborhood, behind his back, everyone hates Alonzo's abuse of authority. Alonzo also promises Jake that he can accelerate his promotion within the department. While driving past an alleyway, Jake sees a young girl about to be raped and yells at Alonzo to stop the car. He doesn't want to stop because that's not what he's there for. Jake jumps out of the car and rescues the girl but not before getting into a huge fight with the two men. Jake kicks theirs asses and as he consoles the girl, Alonzo shows up and tortures the two men briefly before sending them on their way. The girl hurriedly leaves and Jake finds her wallet on the ground and absently pockets it. Alonzo takes Jake to the house of an old friend of his, Roger, (Scott Glenn) who is a retired LAPD veteran but is now dealing drugs on the side. They share a drink together and a few laughs. Roger asks Alonzo about an incident that happened when Alonzo was recently on vacation in Las Vegas but Alonzo brushes it off, saying it's not a problem. Everywhere they go, Alonzo gets away with more money, or drugs by shaking down or just scaring the hell out of the bad guys. At one point Alonzo forces Jake to smoke PCP-laced marijuana, holding a pistol to his head and telling him that if Jake had been with a drug-dealer and refused, he'd be shot. It's obvious that Jake doesn't agree with what's going on but Alonzo explains to him that to protect the sheep, you need to kill the wolves and the only way to do that is to become a wolf. Jake smokes the weed and spends a few miles in a PCP-induced stupor. They go to a lunch meeting with some big-time LA judges but about all we can make out is that they aren't exactly the most law-abiding officials. They also ask Jake about Las Vegas and Alonzo reacts much the same way he did with Roger; he seems unconcerned. He asks the judges for a search warrant, which they grant him. Alonzo and Jake meet up with the other four members of the unit and, armed with the warrant, they storm into a small house. The house turns out to be Roger's, who has $4 million stashed away in the floorboards. Alonzo and his guys plan to divide up three million of the stash among themselves. Jake is very unsure of how the deal will go down. Back in Roger's living room, while they discuss their plan, Alonzo tells Jake to shoot Roger. Jake refuses and Alonzo does the deed himself, saying "it's not what you know, but what you can prove." The plan is to use one of Roger's guns to shoot Jeff (Peter Greene) in his Kevlar vest to make the act look like self-defense. When Jeff is shot, one of the bullets penetrates his vest and he angrily begs Alonzo to call for an ambulance. Jake suddenly grabs the shotgun and holds Alonzo and his crew off, telling them he won't play along. Alonzo gets Jake to back down when he tells him that a blood or urine test will show that Jake had used drugs. Jake backs down, back up and the paramedics arrive and the crime seems to go unquestioned. Back at Alonzo's car, Jake tells him that what just occurred was murder. Alonzo counters, saying that Roger dealt drugs to kids in his neighborhood and that since the money was dirty, it was theirs to keep. Alonzo seems to concede on one point; that Jake is still a rookie and needs time to accept Alonzo's dirty dealings. They head out to the barrio where Alonzo tells him he needs to give some goods to the family of one of his informants. There is a card game going on in the kitchen and Jake waits there while Alonzo goes into the bathroom. The owner of the house, Smiley (Cliff Curtis) opens the package that Alonzo left and has his sister count out the money that was inside. Jake sits down to play cards with Smiley and his guys and a brief discussion about Jake's sidearm takes place, an ploy for Smiley's buddy, Moreno (Noel Gugliemi) to get Jake's weapon away from him. Smiley then reveals that Alonzo left him behind and explains what happened in Las Vegas: allegedly a Russian gangster had been mouthing off to Alonzo until Alonzo lost his temper and beat the man to death. The gangster's bosses gave Alonzo an out: play them $1 million and they'd forget the incident. If Alonzo can't pay by midnight, he'll be hunted down and killed. Knowing that he's been set up by Alonzo, Jake desperately tries to fight his way out but Smiley and his guys take him down. They drag him into the bathroom and just as they're about to shoot him in the head, one of them decides to take his wallet first. Out of his pocket comes the pink wallet he recovered from the rape scene earlier that day. Smiley furiously asks Jake how he got the wallet; Jake tells him that he'd stopped his cousin Letty from being assaulted and raped earlier. Smiley calls Letty and she confirms Jake's story. Smiley decides to let Jake go as a solid for rescuing his cousin. Jake hops a bus and heads out to the worst part of South Central area where Alonzo is living and confronts him just as he is packing up his million to give to the Russians. For the next 10 minutes or so there is a shootout in the house, on the roof and in the streets of the neighborhood. Finally, Jake forces Alonzo to crash his car, temporarily knocking Alonzo out. Jake drags him from the car and holds him at gunpoint. When he recovers, he and Jake face each other in the street with all the gang members surrounding them. Alonzo offers to make whomever shoots Jake a "very rich man" but the gang members, tired of Alonzo's ego and control of them, refuse. Jake walks off with the money, leaving a shouting Alonzo to whatever fate awaits him. Alonzo gets into his car and drives towards the airport. His car is forced to a stop by a several vans and out jump the armed Russians who kill him in a hail of gunfire. When Jake arrives home we hear newscasts describing the killing of a highly-decorated narcotics officer who was gunned down while investigating drug trafficking at the airport. 
 Deja Vu (2006)761) After a ferry is bombed in New Orleans, an A.T.F. agent joins a unique investigation using experimental surveillance technology to find the bomber, but soon finds himself becoming obsessed with one of the victims. In the wake of a devastating terrorist attack on a slow New Orleans ferry, the A.T.F. special agent, Doug Carlin, joins an experimental top-secret government program to find the bomber. Designed to bend the very fabric of time, this state-of-the-art technology enables the user to observe a detailed representation of what happened four days and six hours in the past, tracking the target's every move prior to the attack. However, the man responsible for the deadly explosion is bound to strike again. Can Carlin figure out who he is, when he is always precisely four days behind? Nick Riganas A ferry filled with crewmen from the USS Nimitz and their families was blown up in New Orleans on Mardi Gras. BATF Doug Carlin is brought in to assist in the massive investigation, and gets attached to an experimental FBI surveillance unit, one that uses spacefolding technology to directly look back a little over four days into the past. While tracking down the bomber, Carlin gets an idea in his head: could they use the device to actually travel back in time and not only prevent the bombing but also the murder of a local woman whose truck was used in the bombing? ahmetkozan After an explosion on a ferry kills over 500 people including a large group of party-going sailors, an ATF agent investigates the crime. AN FBI agent also joins the investigation. Impressed with the ATF agent's skills, the FBI agent invites him to join a new team that has a new program that uses satellite technology to look backwards in time for 4-1/2 days to try to capture the terrorist. Meanwhile a young woman who was burned washes up on shore. Meant to look like part of the explosion, the body arrives at its location too soon, which leads the agents to believe her death is related to the explosion. As they use the new technology to study the woman, the ATF agent determines that this is not satellite imagery but somehow is using a time warp. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> When a bomb explodes on a ferry boat in New Orleans, special operatives from the FBI and ATF come to the scene, including ATF agent Doug Carlin. After viewing satellite surveillance, Carlin also stumbles upon a woman named Claire Kuchever, who has been murdered shortly before the Ferry incident. Carlin also finds out that he can use the surveillance systems to travel backwards in time. So, he time warps 4 days before the Ferry incident, so he can stop Claire's murder, and to stop the Ferry incident. John Wiggins In Algiers, New Orleans, after the explosion of a ferry transporting the sailors from the USS Nimitz and their families with 543 casualties, the lonely ATF agent Doug Carlin is assigned to investigate the terrorist attack. Without any lead, he is informed by Sheriff Reed about a corpse of a woman that was found one hour before the explosion, but burnt with the same explosive. He is invited by FBI Agent Pryzwarra to join the surveillance team headed by Jack McCready in the investigations, using a time window and Einstein-Rosen bridge through seven satellites to look back four and half days in time. He discloses the identity of the mysterious dead woman called Claire Kuchever and decides to follow her last moments trying to find the criminal. Along the surveillance, Doug falls in love for Claire and tries to change destiny, saving her life. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Algiers, New Orleans, an explosion of a ferry transporting sailors from the USS Nimitz and their families on a Mardi Gras excursion causes 543 casualties. Lonely ATF agent Doug Carlin ( Denzel Washington ) is assigned to investigate the terrorist attack. He is informed by Sheriff Reed ( John McConnell ) about the corpse of a woman, Claire Kuchever ( Paula Patton ), that washed up on shore. Her body was found one hour before the explosion, but burnt with the same explosive. The agents believe that her death was meant to look like part of the explosion, but the body arrived too soon. Doug also learns that his partner, Agent Larry Minuti ( Matt Craven ), was evidently killed in the bombing. Doug is invited by FBI Agent Pryzwarra ( Val Kilmer ) to join an experimental surveillance team led by Jack McCready ( Bruce Greenwood ). The team shows him moving images of the ferry boarding, from any and every angle. He watches the hundreds of people moving around, and after a few minutes starts firing questions at the team about a technology that can provide this type of live surveillance from four days ago (4 days, 6 hours, 3 minutes, 45 seconds). They explain that it is via a system of satellites, and that it takes four days to assemble the information so that it can be viewed just one time. He asks pointedly how satellites are providing audio, and the team looks startled but provides an explanation. Doug directs them to focus on the mysterious dead woman, Claire Kuchever, and follow her last days since it is likely she was murdered by the bomber. As they observe her, she obviously has the sensation that she is being watched, calling out, "who's there?" and looking around. She even writes about it in her diary, which Doug holds and reads four days later, after it was collected as evidence from her apartment. She receives a call from the terrorist, asking about purchasing her car. However, she will be busy when he wants to meet, so they do not make a deal. As the surveillance continues, Doug watches her getting dressed, and later reading to her niece, he suddenly raises a laser pointer and directs it at the viewing screen. It shows on the wall behind her, and she sees it and reacts to it. Meanwhile, the viewing room system goes down completely, with several people shouting, "who breached the field?!" Doug angrily confronts them for lying about the system. He knows that the images are not from the dead past because Claire reacted to the laser light. He demands an explanation. The scientists try to tell him about an Einstein-Rosen bridge, or spacefolding technology, but the advanced physics jargon just infuriates Doug. Dr. Denny ( Adam Goldberg ) tries to make it simpler, showing a piece of paper and then folding it to bring two points together. This is still not what Doug wants to know. He smashes a nearby monitor and demands, "is she alive or is she dead?" The group gives both answers - she is alive in the past and yet dead in the present. He wants to prevent her murder, and the ferry explosion, but the team explains to him that it cannot be done. Nothing can be sent back - gerbils, all sorts of experimental animals have arrived dead. Attempting to "breach the field" causes failures of the local power grid. A major blackout of most of the central US, that was blamed on Canada, was actually the fault of operator Gunnars ( Elden Henson ). However, they eventually agree to try to send a small piece of paper back in time to warn Carlin himself, as an anonymous tip, where the terrorist will be waiting to arrange his car deal. The scientists chatter about different time paradox theories. Operator Shanti ( Erika Alexander ) draws a diagram showing a "branching" theory - a new timeline is created with the new event (the appearance of the paper), and the old timeline ceases to exist. However, Dr. Denny insists it won't change anything. Shanti likens it to throwing a pebble into water, causing ripples ... but Dr. Denny says the flow of time is more like the Mississippi. Any change will simply heal itself, in the long run. They prepare the message and send it back. Unfortunately, their timing is off. Before the message appears, Doug (in the past) finishes an argument with his partner Larry and walks out of his office. Afterward, Larry spots the paper on Carlin's desk and leaves to follow the tip which places the bomber at the ferry dock. The team cringes as they realize they have sent Larry to his death. They focus now on the dock, hoping to get a good picture of the terrorist so that they can find him. His picture is put into a computer to compare it with mug shots, looking for a match. Larry meets the terrorist and a brief fight ensues. Unconscious, Larry is dragged into the terrorist's vehicle, and he drives away. As they follow him, the viewing team exclaims that he is leaving their viewing area and will soon be out of reach. Doug fires up the HumVee that contains the mobile viewing rig, giving chase in the present so that the past in that area can be seen. After an accident, the rig is damaged so that Doug cannot see the past through it, but the base team can. They shout instructions directing him. He follows the trail to a burned-out fishing camp on the bayou. There is an ambulance crashed into the remains of the main building, but in the past, the terrorist has taken Larry out back. Pryzwarra gulps that the terrorist is pouring "accelerant" (fuel) on Larry's body. In the present, Carlin can see a burned outline of a body on the pavement. He tells them to brace themselves because they are about witness a murder. Horribly, Larry begins to awaken. The terrorist sees this, and quickly shoots Larry before setting his body on fire. The team isn't sure what else there is to do. Doug points out that the terrorist still needs a vehicle for his bombing, because there are bulletholes in the one he'd planned to use. That means the terrorist will need Claire's car. Doug continues to examine the site. Inside the building, he finds another burned body outline. In a crack, he finds a black earring which he recognizes as Claire's. He kisses it and pockets it. The computer search comes up with a match on the terrorist's picture - Carroll Oerstadt ( Jim Caviezel ). He is connected to the fish camp. He is hunted down, captured and brought in for questioning. Discussing his past with Doug, it seems the military rejected him twice, finding him mentally unstable. Oerstadt babbles about destiny, patriotism and collateral damage. McCready advises the team that they are shutting down, having caught the perpetrator. There is no point in further pursuing Claire's murder and the explosion. Doug is frustrated - for once he would like to do more than catch the bad guy afterwards - he'd like to stop the bad guy before it happens. He stops at Claire's house and sees the magnets on the refrigerator spell out, "u can save her". Dr. Denny agrees to help Doug attempt to travel into the past. Doug strips down to his undershirt and boxers and climbs into the small transport area, hugging his knees. Denny reminds Doug that his heart will be stopped by the electromagnetic pulse (EMP) of the system - if he is not revived, he will simply die. He arrives four days in the past, on an empty gurney in a hospital operating room. Seeing his jolting body, doctors rush to treat him. When they cut away his shirt, they read the words "Revive Me" written on his skin. He awakens later in a hospital room, steals some clothes, and grabs a bouquet of flowers to carry for camouflage. Outside the hospital, he steals an ambulance and drives out to the fish camp, where Claire is tied up with a bag over her head. Trying to fight her captor, Oerstadt, she rakes his face with her nails. Furious, Oerstadt douses her with gasoline. Doug crashes the ambulance directly into the building where they are. Oerstadt shoots Doug in the shoulder but then flees. Doug takes Claire home to clean up. He looks around her apartment, seeing all of the details that he has seen through the viewer and also from the investigation after her death. He shifts the refrigerator magnets to spell "u can save her". While he is cleaning up, she comes out wearing the red and white dress in which she died. He tells her to change, stating that is what "the victim" wore. He reaches into a wardrobe for clothing - and she pulls a gun on him, stating that he cannot be what he claims, pointing out his familiarity with her house and the fact that he has asked her no questions. She calls the ATF and they confirm his existence and appearance, but she demands to know more. He says, "What if you had to tell someone the most important thing in the world, but you knew they'd never believe you?" She says, "I'd try." After explaining, she helps bandage his shoulder. They go to the ferry, where he will defuse the bomb and Claire is supposed to tell the guards what is happening. Unfortunately, when Oerstadt leaves the ferry and sees Claire's truck, he knows he has a problem, so he returns to the ferry. Claire sees this and jumps aboard also, just as the ship leaves the dock. Doug returns to the bomb-laden vehicle to find Claire in it, handcuffed to the steering wheel, with her mouth taped shut. Doug stuns Oerstadt into a standoff by throwing his own words (from the interrogation) at him: destiny, patriotism and collateral damage. Rather than surrendering, Doug jumps into the car with Claire and gets her to ram Oerstadt where he stands in front of another car. However, the car is still wired to explode, and there is no time to defuse it nor explain all of this to the guards. Doug directs her to drive the vehicle off the ferry and into the water. As they submerge, he kicks out the windshield and jerks the steering wheel out of the column so that she can swim free to the surface. Unfortunately, the ferry continues overhead, rolling the vehicle over and crushing the frame so that Doug cannot escape. Claire makes it to the surface, gasping, and is pulled out of the water. The car is completely filled with water, and Doug hammers futilely on the side window, holding his breath. The ferry safely passes. The vehicle explodes underwater, sending a fireball of debris up in the air. Now ashore and wrapped in a blanket, Claire cries over Doug's death. The officials ask Claire if she would talk to an agent from the ATF. She turns ... and sees Doug (from the present) walking up to her. She stammers in shock, and he asks if they have met. As they get into his car to leave, she repeats his words from earlier in the film, "What if you had to tell someone the most important thing in the world, but you knew they'd never believe you?" And he unwittingly echoes her earlier response, "I'd try." 
 Domino (2005)431) A recounting of Domino Harvey 's life story. The daughter of actor Laurence Harvey turned away from her career as a Ford model to become a bounty hunter. The daughter of an actor father and a social-climber mother, Domino Harvey, bored with her life, decides to join the team of Ed Moseby and becomes a bounty hunter. But she gets in trouble when the Mafia's money is stolen from an armored truck, while Moseby and his crew are participating in a reality show produced by Mark Heiss. The situation gets out of control when the sons of a rival mobster are kidnapped while the FBI is monitoring two gangs of mobsters. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Based on the true story of Domino Harvey, daughter of film actor Laurence Harvey. Tired and unsuited to the pretentiousness of her high-society LA life, Domino leaves the glitterarti behind and sets off to become a bounty hunter. She quickly falls under the wing of veteran hunter Ed Mosley and his crew and becomes an unlikely natural in the art of bounty hunting. But things really heat up when a masked gang pilfer the contents of an armored car, and before long the mob, a crazed TV producer, the FBI and a terminally ill child have all got caught up in the crazy situation. davidgraham83@hotmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. British-born bounty hunter and bail bonds agent Domino Harvey (Keira Knightley) is battered, in handcuffs and being interviewed by FBI criminal psychologist Taryn Mills (Lucy Liu). Domino agrees to tell her story. Mills tells Domino that an armored car driven by a man named Locus Fender was found. Domino was hired by the owner of the Stratosphere Casino to find out where the thieves hid the money. In a flashback, Domino says she and her team were sent to the Fender Compound out in the desert. An RV with shark's mouth livery is seen rolling into a junkyard type property. Domino and two men, all armed with shotguns, get out. They approach a trailer home warily. The woman inside fires at them. Ed Moseby (Mickey Rourke) is the best bounty hunter in L.A. and tries to get the woman, Edna Fender, to give up the money. The other bounty hunter, Choco (Edgar Ramirez), throws a dismembered arm close to the woman. They tell her it is her son's, Choco then goes back to the RV where a group of men are watching TV. Choco grabs the man with one arm and marches him back to the trailer home. Edna is distraught but still has a weapon. The arm has a combination tattooed on it and Locus pleads with his mother to get the "decoder" Title sequence and theme song. Back in the trailer home, Edna uses the tattooed numbers and a homemade pie plate decoder to figure out the lock combination of a padlocked fridge. Ed and Domino have a beer and relax while Edna calculates. At an L.A. DMV office a young man, Frances (Kel O'Neill), speaks to someone on his phone. His number is called and he goes to a woman's counter. He gives her a piece of paper with photos and Social Security numbers, he needs the IDs that night. The young man threatens her with the name "Kee Kee", the woman, Lateesha Rodriguez (Mo'Nique), nervously agrees. Domino says this is where it all went wrong but Mills thinks she is lying. Domino then recalls a happy childhood of being raised in England with her father, actor Stephen Harvey, who died young when she was four-years-old (actually Domino's father was Laurence Harvey, a famous actor who died from cancer in 1973 at age 45). After her father's untimely death, Domino's mother Sophie (Jacqueline Bisset) enrolls her in a private boarding school with her pet goldfish (Domino's mother was actually a fashion model named Paulene Stone). The fish soon dies and Domino decides not to invest anyone with emotions anymore to avoid being hurt. The young Domino lifts an American quarter from a church collection plate. Later, her mother watches with fascination a TV clip of the cast of 'Beverly Hills 90210'. Domino is now grown up and plays with nunchuks, and having now settled in Southern California with her mother. She recounts her time at a college sorority in Los Angeles at age 19 where she was bullied by a sorority girl during a hazing for having small breasts. Domino punches her tormentor and is expelled. She finds a scrap of newspaper with an ad for a seminar to learn how to be a bounty hunter put on by the bail bondsman Claremont Williams III (Delroy Lindo). She goes to the class site and signs up, Choco is the registrar and takes the $99 seminar fee. In the class, Ed Moseby and Claremont explain the bail bond/bounty hunter roles. They are surprised to see the sexy Domino take her seat. At break, Ed and Choco plan to split with the cash and exit out the back. Domino notices and chases after them demanding her lessons. She throws a knife into their car windshield. Domino shows off her skill with nunchuks and Ed agrees to offer her a job as a trainee. The next day, the three are walking down a street. Ed is explaining they are looking for Hector Maldonado, who had been arrested for a drive-by shooting. Hector's mother posted bail, but he skipped and they are going to bring him in to collect he bounty for Hector's capture and return. They have found out where he is, at a gang house across the street from his girlfriend. Ed explains to Choco that having Domino with them gives them an advantage. They load up with bulletpoof vests and shotguns. Ed and Domino storm into the house where they are confronted by the alert 18th Street gang, everyone has guns drawn and ready to shoot. Hector had escaped already. Domino imagines a bloody ending but then defuses the situation by offering to do a lap dance if they give up Hector. She grinds one out for the gang leader and they find out where Hector is. Domino explains that Claremont is their boss. She overhears him explaining to Ed that he has an insider in the DMV, who provides info. Six months later, Claremont hires them a driver, Alf (Riz Abbasi), an Afghani immigrant. At a coin laundromat, Ed talks about his past as Domino watches the well built Choco strip down to his briefs. At another take down, Choco bravely disarms a shotgun-holding man. At a bar, Choco stares as Domino rides the bucking bronco machine. Another few months later in 2003, Domino is named Bounty Hunter of the Year to an applauding crowd. Ed, Domino and Choco are now a team. They attend a pool party at Domino's mother's house with Claremont and Lateesha. Choco and Domino flirt. Outside Sophie's house, Choco seems jealous of Ed's attentions towards Domino. Inside, Domino chats with her mother and cleans her handgun. Back in the cop shop, Mills shows Domino a photo of Mark Heiss (Christopher Walken). Domino recounts how the three of them met him through her mother. Heiss, a TV producer, would like to use them for a reality show and wants Domino to front the show. Ed and Sophie bicker for control. Sophie thinks its a bad idea but Domino decides to go for it, to tell her story. On the Jerry Springer Show, (featuring a cameo by Jerry Springer himself) Lateesha is a guest as "Youngest Mixed Race Grandmother". Lateesha explains she is a "Blacinto" and shows a mixed race flowchart with made up racial subgroups. The audience ridicules Lateesha and the show erupts into a donnybrook. Ian Ziering and Brian Austin Green (as themselves) arrive at the Domino show filming site, greeting Mark Heiss. They will be co-hosts of the show. The actors are introduced to the bounty hunters and are shown the decorated RV. The show starts filming. At an apartment, Claremont and daughter Kee Kee chastise Lateesha for her act on Springer. Lateesha's infant granddaughter Mira has a rare blood disease and Claremont comes up with an idea. Lateesha hints at it to Domino while driving Kee Kee to school. Agent Mills asks Domino if she knew about Lateesha's fake ID racket. At work, Lateesha's boss tells her he saw her on Springer the day she called in sick. He then explains he found out she tried to pass off her granddaughter as her daughter Kee-Kee for an operation. Lateesha says the operation costs $300,000 but the HMO won't cover grandchildren. The boss gives her two weeks notice, then tells her the FBI is here to talk to her. The agents tell her in 10 minutes Frances will come in and ask for four fake IDs, they want to know what he is up to. Lateesha explains they will be hijacking an armored truck for $10 million. Lateesha explains to her daughter, two nieces and co-worker Raul what has happened, they all agree to help her out. At the Hoover Dam, cops check out the abandoned armored truck. Drake Bishop (Dabney Coleman), billionaire owner of the Stratosphere Hotel and Casino, arrives to find his money. The detective, Chris Cudlitz (Jack McGee) offers to show him video. They watch the surveillance tape showing a van pull up alongside the armored car. The tape shows four persons wearing masks of famous First Ladies. Bishop says they are stealing $10M. Claremont phones Bishop and explains he is the owner of the armored car and also a bail bondsman, he can find the thieves with his bounty hunters for a $300,000 finder's fee. Bishop agrees. Bishop's attorney Blake Beckett (Peter Jacobson) calls mob boss Anthony Cigliutti (Stanley Kamel) who thinks it's an inside job. The FBI think Bishop is laundering cash for the mob. In the desert, Locus Fender (Lew Temple) arrives in the van at his mother's. Locus works for Claremont. Locus has the duffel bags of money and says the First Ladies took off at a gas station. While Locus went for a soda the four Ladies drove off in a grey Mercedes, but left the money. Edna tells Locus to put the money in the freezer. In Los Angeles, the bounty hunters cheerfully report for filming, Heiss is monitoring the feed in a second RV. Ziering and Austin Green explain they are going to get four criminals called the First Ladies for kiting checks with fake IDS. Jackie O was Lester Kincaid, a record producer for Lateesha's nieces; Choco roughs him up. Nancy Reagan was a sex addict named Howie Stein, he is busted by the bounty squad at a Porno Anonymous group meeting. Barbara Bush was Charles and Hillary Clinton was Frances, sons of Anthony Cigliutti. The bounty squad arrive at their frat house while an FBI surveillance van watches, the FBI has been spying on the kids for six months. Domino takes down Frances and Choco captures Charles trying to escape, Heiss looks on in amazement at the live video. At a gas station, Domino reports in to Claremont, he tells her to deliver the four to the Sam Kinison Monument in Needles. Domino is puzzled there are no warrants for the four. Austin Green teases Domino as being an act, she breaks his nose. In the RV, Domino and Ed discuss the missing bond certificates, Domino figures it means the four were never arrested. She recalls her pet goldfish. In Needles things get tense, Domino screams at the camera crew to stop, Ed and Choco deliver the four to a group of men in dark SUVs. The two RVs stop for the night at a roadside motel. Choco comes to Domino's room, he talks to her in Spanish to see if she is OK but she doesn't understand. In their room Ed is watching porn on the TV,a frustrated Choco bashes the TV and starts to fight with Ed. He pulls a gun on Ed who tells him to go ahead and shoot. Choco settles down and lowers the hammer. In her room, Domino tries to check out Charles and Frances on the DMV web site. At a highway bridge the four Ladies are on their knees, a man phones for instructions and Beckett tells him to find out where the money is. While Domino ponders what is going on she narrates that the real First Ladies were Lateesha, her nieces and gay friend Raul. Claremont had picked them up at the gas station. The men shoot the four prisoners under the bridge. In the Mercedes Claremont rips Lateesha for getting the college kids involved. The next day Claremont phones Domino and explains Lateesha set up the kids for the ID scam and that they are mobster Cigliutti's kids. Claremont tells her it will be okay if they return the $10M and ask for a $300k finders fee. Domino gathers her squad and tells Alf to destroy all the video from the previous day and that they have to find Locus Fender. Alf drives off in the shark mouth RV as the camera crew RV explodes in a fireball. At a strip joint the squad handcuff Locus. They notice Austin Green and Ziering at the bar and decide to take them as celebrity hostages. As the RV motors down the highway, Locus, Ian and Brian are handcuffed to the ceiling. Domino talks to Claremont on her cell but loses reception, she mistakenly hears him say something about removing Locus' right arm. Domino passes the message to Ed and Choco. Grimly, Choco gets a shotgun and blows Fender's arm off. Ziering and Austin Green are splattered with blood. They arrive at the Fender compound. Domino narrates they found the $10 million in the freezer. Ed asks Edna for coffee and the RV leaves. Unknown to them, Edna had spiked the thermos with mescaline. Everyone in the RV gets groggy and drugged up. Alf loses control and the RV flips over end over end and barrel rolls to a stop. Mills tells Domino the lab confirmed she has mescaline in her system, but likely normal for Domino. Mills begins to lecture Domino about her lifestyle. Back at the crash site, the passengers stumble out of the wreck. Choco and Domino kiss and have sex. A Cadillac convertible stops nearby, the driver (Tom Waits) calls Domino an angel of fire and gives her a quarter. The driver seems to know what is going on and tells them they have offer their lives in return for the little child. The car heads to Las Vegas. Cigliutti is told Bishop had Frances and Charles killed. FBI are eavesdropping. At the Stardust Hotel Domino and gang meet up with Claremont. He phones Bishop who tells them to come to the Stratosphere at 7 pm. Out by the highway bridge the FBI find the four prisoners, they weren't killed after all only buried up to their necks in the sand. Lateesha and her three partners arrive at the bounty hunters hotel room. She tearfully asks for the $300k for the operation. Alf is doing something with the money in another room but they give Lateesha the money she needs. In the interview room, Mills tells Domino this is her last chance to cooperate. Domino accuses the FBI agent of being a sexually repressed lesbian. At the hotel, the group loads up packed garment bags in a cab. Alf notices another man in a turban. They arrive at the Stratosphere and give up their weapons at Security and take the elevator up. Bishop and men with automatic weapons greet them, noticing the two actor celebrity hostages. Bishop has them escorted back to the ground floor. An FBI helicopter flies toward the tower casino and circles the skypod. Inside Cigliutti and armed mafioso arrive. Alf tells Bishop the money is going to Afghanistan to help his people and shows a TV remote set up as a bomb detonator. The mafia men enter the room shooting, Bishop is riddled with bullets and dies. The FBI helicopter takes shots and crashes. In a wild gunfight inside the bounty hunters make for the elevator. Ed and Choco are shot several times and close to death, Domino returns fire against the hitmen and manages to get them into the cab. Alf is also mortally wounded and tells Domino he will give them a chance. As the elevator descends, Alf detonates explosives sending the cab into free fall. Domino alone survives the impact. Agent Mills finishes her report and has Domino freed. She tells Domino that she should think about retiring as a bounty hunter. At her mother's pool, Domino swims and tells Sophie that she loves her. In Afghanistan, boxes arrive in a village filled with US bills. In a hospital Lateesha, Claremont and family watch as Mira enters an MRI machine. During the end credits, there is a scene of the real Domino Harvey dressed in a man's business suit who smiles at the camera as a limo explodes in the background from the falling debris from the Stratosphere explosion. The postscript reads: "In loving memory, Domino Harvey". 