nm0003980:

 Star Trek Beyond (2016)431) The crew of the USS Enterprise explores the furthest reaches of uncharted space, where they encounter a new ruthless enemy, who puts them, and everything the Federation stands for, to the test. After stopping off at Starbase Yorktown, a remote outpost on the fringes of Federation space, the USS Enterprise, halfway into their five-year mission, is destroyed by an unstoppable wave of unknown aliens. With the crew stranded on an unknown planet and with no apparent means of rescue, they find themselves fighting against a ruthless enemy with a well-earned hatred of the Federation and everything it stands for. Only a rebellious alien warrior can help them reunite and leave the planet to stop this deadly menace from beginning a possible galactic war. Paramount Pictures Getting through the first half of their five-year mission, Captain Kirk and the USS Enterprise crew now venture into uncharted territories. They arrive at Starbase Yorktown for shore leave, Kirk intends to be promoted to Vice Admiral to remain there and has recommended Spock for his present position as ship's captain. After a devastating attack by a massive army of unknown aliens, Kirk and his crew find themselves stranded on an unknown planet with no means of contacting the Federation or each other. The alien warlord Krall seeks an ancient weapon called the Abronath that Kirk has kept after an unsuccessful diplomatic mission. Reunited and aided by the alien warrior Jaylah, Kirk and crew must fight to survive and take on this deadly menace with a strong hatred for the Federation. Will they be able to destroy the new danger before it's too late? Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, Captain James T. Kirk (Chris Pine) is meeting with the Teenaxi people to make a treaty between them and their enemies, the Fenopians. Kirk is holding an artifact that he claims is a gift of peace from the Fenopians, but the Teenaxi leader considers this a threat. He rolls down to confront Kirk, where we see that the leader and the rest of his people are small creatures. However, they gang up on Kirk and attack him. Kirk calls for Scotty (Simon Pegg) to beam him back up to the USS Enterprise. Kirk records a log, stating that they are now about three years into their five-year mission to explore the ends of the universe. Kirk has become rather bored by this point, and he wonders what else there is to see out there. Kirk is joined by Dr. Leonard McCoy (Karl Urban) with a bottle of scotch that he took out of Mr. Chekov's (Anton Yelchin) locker. Bones notes that Kirk's birthday is coming up, which Kirk isn't looking forward to since it reminds him of how his father died on the same day, and how Kirk will be a year older than his father when he died. Bones states that Kirk has spent all this time figuring out who his father was in his life, and now he is wondering what it means to be Kirk himself. The crew descends onto Starbase Yorktown to replenish their supplies. Spock (Zachary Quinto) and Uhura (Zoe Saldana) appear to be going through a rough patch in their relationship. She is ready to hand him back a necklace that he gave her, but he refuses to take it back. Mr. Sulu (John Cho) reunites with his life partner and their daughter. Spock is then called aside by two Vulcans ambassadors. He is informed that his older self from the prime timeline, Ambassador Spock, has died. Meanwhile, a distress signal is picked up by the Federation from an alien named Kalara (Lydia Wilson), who claims to have been part of a crew whose ship suffered a critical malfunction. She asks for help in rescuing her crew on the far side of the nebula. Kirk meets with Commodore Paris (Shohreh Aghdashloo) to apply for a position as Vice Admiral. He requests that Spock be made captain of the Enterprise in his place. The Enterprise sets off on the rescue mission. As they proceed through the nebula, they approach a Class M planet, and are suddenly attacked by a massive cluster of ships that move like a swarm of insects. The swarm quickly causes heavy damage to the Enterprise, the aliens riding the small ships breaching the hull in a matter of minutes. The crew tries fighting back, but their weapons are not strong enough, and when Sulu tries to warp them out of there, Scotty reports that the ship's nacelles have been sheered off by the enemy. The aliens then allow their leader, Krall (Idris Elba), to board the ship. His soldiers find the artifact that Kirk possessed earlier, a bioweapon called the Abronath. However, when Krall tries to get his hands on it, he finds that its container is empty. With the damage to the Enterprise critical, Kirk orders a general evacuation. Spock and Bones get in an escape pod that heads down to the planet. Krall battles with Kirk, winning the upper hand until Uhura separates the saucer from the engineering section of the ship, taking Krall with her. Kirk then goes with Chekov and Kalara as they make their escape. As the escape pod is ejected, Kirk watches the Enterprise crash to the ground. Meanwhile, Scotty's escape pod nearly flies into a vast canyon, but he jumps out in time. He is cornered in the forest by the planet's savage inhabitants. Before they can attack him, a scavenger named Jaylah (Sofia Boutella) shows up and beats the savages. Scotty introduces himself to her as an engineer. They agree to work together, with Scotty helping repair something of Jaylah's, and she will help him find the rest of the crew. Jaylah takes Scotty to her home, which happens to be a long-lost Federation starship, the USS Franklin. Spock and Bones have also crash-landed, with Spock impaled by a chunk of metal in his abdomen. Bones manages to pull out the metal and stop the bleeding. The two navigate the area, but they must slow down since Spock is still badly wounded. As they sit down, Spock informs Bones about Ambassador Spock's death. He feels that he must continue carrying out his older self's work on New Vulcan, and he wanted to inform Kirk, but Bones says he probably would not like that. After landing on the planet, Kirk confronts Kalara, thinking she knew what was coming. She defends herself, saying this was to help save her crew. With Chekov, they rush to find the Abronath on the saucer. Kalara then turns on Kirk, confirming she led them to a trap and that she was working with Krall the whole time. She finds that the Abronath is not where Kirk claimed to have left it. Moments later, the three are ambushed by drones. Kirk and Chekov manage to activate the saucer's thrusters, which lift the saucer high enough until it crashes down hard, killing Kalara. Krall captures Uhura, along with Sulu and the rest of the crew. He and his soldiers take them to his base of operations. It is shown that Krall is able to drain people of their lifeforce to rejuvenate himself, as well as change his appearance. He threatens to kill Sulu for the Abronath, but an Ensign named Syl gives up the weapon, having kept it hidden in the back of her head. He brings Uhura and Syl into a chamber where he demonstrates the use of the weapon. He locks Syl in the chamber and activates the Abronath, releasing a black cloud that envelopes Syl causing her to decompose. Krall intends to use this against the Federation. Kirk and Chekov run into a perimeter trap that Jaylah has arranged, encasing them in a crystallized shell. Scotty and Jaylah find them, and she breaks them free when Scotty says they are part of his crew. They team up to rescue the rest of the crew. Scotty repairs the Franklin's transporter pad to teleport people onto the ship. They start with Spock and Bones, who are about to be killed by more drones until they are both beamed onto the Franklin. On the computer, they receive a signal on Uhura's location since the necklace Spock gave her is also a tracking device. They see she is with the rest of the crew at Krall's hideout, but Chekov says they are unable to beam everyone up from there. Kirk figures they need to head in there and come up with their own rescue plan. Jaylah wants no part since she knows people who go near Krall's camp never come back alive. Her father fought Krall's right-hand man Manas and was killed. Scotty says she is not alone and can work with the others to save the crew. Kirk creates a diversion with a motorcycle he found on the Franklin while Spock and Bones sneak around to take a number of crew members at a time onto a pad and use a beacon to beam them onto the Franklin. Krall's men attack, leading to Jaylah fighting Manas one-on-one. Kirk protects the crew by spreading the crystallizing material to shield them from Krall's army. As the rest of the crew is saved, only Kirk and Jaylah remain. Jaylah pushes Manas off the pad to his death and jumps to reach Kirk as he activates his beacon, sending them back to the Franklin. Krall and his army fly toward Yorktown so he can activate the Abronath and kill everyone. The Enterprise crew follows. Spock and Bones beam onto a drone ship and figure out that they need to use a distraction to get by the other drones. Scotty uses Jaylah's music system to create discordant noise with The Beastie Boys' song "Sabotage". The drones are obliterated, leaving only Krall's ship plus two others. The Franklin manages to stop Krall's ship, causing her to crash into a fountain. The crew goes off to find Krall and make sure he is dead. They find two dead bodies drained of their lifeforce. As they continue making their way, they notice a video of the original crew of the Franklin from a century ago. Uhura spots a familiar face among everyone else. The man she sees is Balthazar Edison, the captain of the Franklin, but he is now Krall. Kirk asks to see Edison's old logs, skipping to the last one to see Edison having become jaded and angry with the Federation after his ship was stranded with no help, following his crew's own series of missions. Edison mentioned discovering a life-sustaining force that he intended to use to keep himself alive. A major in the United Earth Military Assault Command Operations (MACO), he became disillusioned with the Federation, rejecting its principles of unity and cooperation with former enemies. Now looking slightly more like his former self, Krall takes the Abronath to Yorktown's life support hub, which would allow the black cloud to spread through the entire starbase. Kirk finds Krall and starts fighting him to take the Abronath away from him. Kirk tries to reason with Krall, but he is no longer the same captain he once was. Kirk's crew attempts to open the doors into space to pull out Krall. Krall activates the Abronath, which starts releasing the black cloud. However, Kirk avoids getting killed and pushes Krall into the path of the cloud. The doors open and sucks Krall into space with the Abronath, where he is consumed by the cloud and is thus disintegrated. Kirk gets pulled out as well, but Spock and Bones fly in and pull him to safety. In the aftermath, Commodore Paris closes the unsolved cases of the fate of Captain Edison and the USS Franklin crew. She also offers Kirk the position of Vice Admiral, but he chooses to remain a captain since he prefers to fly. Meanwhile, Spock goes through Ambassador Spock's old materials. Among them is a picture of the Enterprise crew in the prime timeline right before they retired. Bones then brings Kirk to a surprise birthday party with the whole crew there to celebrate. Spock and Uhura reconcile their relationship. Kirk and Scotty pull some strings and get Jaylah into Starfleet Academy. The main crew then sees the USS Enterprise-A is being built. With that, the crew recites the original final frontier monologue as they resume their mission. The film closes with the words "In loving memory of Leonard Nimoy" (who had passed away in 2015) and "For Anton", a dedication to Anton Yelchin who passed away shortly before the film's premiere in 2016. 
 Avatar (2009)431) A paraplegic Marine dispatched to the moon Pandora on a unique mission becomes torn between following his orders and protecting the world he feels is his home. When his brother is killed in a robbery, paraplegic Marine Jake Sully decides to take his place in a mission on the distant world of Pandora. There he learns of greedy corporate figurehead Parker Selfridge's intentions of driving off the native humanoid "Na'vi" in order to mine for the precious material scattered throughout their rich woodland. In exchange for the spinal surgery that will fix his legs, Jake gathers knowledge, of the Indigenous Race and their Culture, for the cooperating military unit spearheaded by gung-ho Colonel Quaritch, while simultaneously attempting to infiltrate the Na'vi people with the use of an "avatar" identity. While Jake begins to bond with the native tribe and quickly falls in love with the beautiful alien Neytiri, the restless Colonel moves forward with his ruthless extermination tactics, forcing the soldier to take a stand - and fight back in an epic battle for the fate of Pandora. The Massie Twins On the lush alien world of Pandora live the Na'vi, beings who appear primitive but are highly evolved. Because the planet's environment is poisonous, human/Na'vi hybrids, called Avatars, must link to human minds to allow for free movement on Pandora. Jake Sully, a paralyzed former Marine, becomes mobile again through one such Avatar and falls in love with a Na'vi woman. As a bond with her grows, he is drawn into a battle for the survival of her world. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with a sweeping shot high across the treeline of a lush, green rainforest. Intercut is a sequence of images of Jake Sully ( Sam Worthington ), a crippled war veteran and former Marine. He wakes up in a giant spaceship on its way to Pandora, a thickly-forested Earth-like moon orbiting Polyphemus, a giant blue planet similar to Jupiter. He is one of a large number of passengers, all waking up after almost six years of cryosleep en route to Pandora. Drifting out of his sleeping pod in zero G he's tended by the ship's staff. He opens his locker, which is marked SULLY T. Jake tells us that he has a deceased twin brother -- Tom, a scientist -- who was to be part of a high-level program overseen by corporate and military strategists to study the environment and inhabitants of Pandora. Because Jake and his brother are an exact genetic match, he was presented with a unique opportunity: take over his brother's contract with a corporate-military entity and travel light years away to an outpost on the previously glimpsed world, Pandora. Acknowledging the notions of "being free" and having a "fresh start," Jake agrees to the deal as his brother's body is cremated. Now being transported from the spaceship to Pandora via a shuttle, Jake is one of many soldiers and civilian personnel about to touch down on Pandora, some 4.3 light years from Earth. We catch views of the base and its construction and immense mining machines digging up the soil in a large quarry as Jake ponders his new role. The passengers are all instructed to wear a full-face breathing mask since the atmosphere of the planet will not support human life; 20 seconds of exposure to the poisonous atmosphere of the planet causes unconsciousness, with death occurring about four minutes later. While the other passengers disembark and take their first steps onto the base, called "Hell's Gate," which is surrounded by a huge perimeter fence. Jake follows them in his wheelchair, earning the moniker "Meals on Wheels" from a few haughty Marines. He acknowledges through voice-over that he lost the use of his legs during one of his tours of duty on Earth, and while a spinal injury like his can be fixed it "takes money," which is tough to come by in the present economy. Jake goes immediately to a military briefing where Colonel Miles Quaritch ( Stephen Lang ) is addressing the assembled soldiers and a few civilians who have come along. He reminds them they're "not in Kansas any more," and he tells them about Pandora's indigenous population, the Na'vi. Quaritch, sporting a heavy set of scars on the side of his head, says they are "hard to kill" and practically everything "out there" will try to kill you. And, while it's his job to keep his people alive, he says he will not succeed in this task -- "not with all of you." If they wish to survive, he continues, they will have to follow "Pandora rules." Jake goes to a science lab where he meets biologist Norm Spellman ( Joel David Moore ) and Dr. Max Patel ( Dileep Rao ), two members of the Avatar Program. As Jake gets his first look at his own avatar, we learn about the program itself: humans are unable to breathe Pandora's air, but the Avatar Program enables a human to link with their own avatar, a genetically-bred human-Na'vi hybrid, and function as if they were a Na'vi native. In his avatar body, Jake will be able to walk again and breathe the atmosphere. The avatars look very much like their human "drivers". When Norm tells Jake his avatar looks like him, Jake profoundly says it looks like his dead brother. Jake and Norm enter the science department just about the time Dr. Grace Augustine ( Sigourney Weaver ), the program's science lead, awakens in a specially designed pod that links her to her avatar and flips open the top. Norm says to Jake he hears she likes "plants better than people." She arises from her pod and converses in Na'vi with Norm. Satisfied with Norm's command of the language, she turns to Jake. She tells him she needs his brother Tom, the PhD who trained 3 years for the Pandora mission, but she doesn't need Jake since Jake has no lab experience and has never been linked to an avatar. Jake tries to imply that he's a quick learner but the ill-tempered Grace isn't impressed. Grace storms off to the base's control room to confront Parker Selfridge ( Giovanni Ribisi ), base commander and representative for the Resources Development Administration (RDA), an corporation that oversees all military and other personnel on the colony. He tells her Jake will serve as a security escort on her team while they're on the planet's surface. Grace tells Parker she needs a researcher, not a "jarhead dropout." She doubts Jake will be of any use to her botanical research. Parker replies, saying he disagrees, saying they "lucked out" with Jake. Since he's a perfect genetic match for the avatar intended for his twin brother, they can use his military skills in an avatar body toward the overall objective of the operation -- mining the mineral unobtanium, a potent source of energy that sells for many millions a kilo, and can bring cheap power back to a dying Earth. Parker tells Grace one way to help accomplish this objective is to win the hearts and minds of the natives, to obtain their cooperation. Grace argues that many of the Na'vi have been killed by the military under the auspices of Selfridge's operation. Back in the lab next morning, Jake and Norm are linked to their avatars for the first time. Jake, in his avatar, wakes up in a different room with other avatars and staff. Within a few moments, Jake is making his handlers nervous because, overjoyed with his ability to move his legs again, he is moving too quickly and trying to walk, the first time he has been able to do so since becoming a paraplegic. The human lab workers cannot stop him; a Na'vi is over 10 feet tall, sometimes closer to 12 feet, and far stronger than humans. When his long tail knocks over instruments, a staff member tells him to stop and lie down again. Jake ignores him and bursts out of the room and into the daylight. He finds himself in a recreation area where other avatars are playing sports and staff, in their protective gear, are performing various duties. Jake meets Grace's avatar, who, better-tempered than human Grace, accompanies Jake to the barracks where he is eventually encouraged to rest. Before he lies down to sleep, Jake inspects his neural queue, a long appendage that looks like a braid of hair. At the end of his queue is a cluster of hidden tendrils. When the avatar sleeps, the link is broken and Jake himself awakens. Jake later meets Trudy Chacon ( Michelle Rodriguez ), a retired Marine pilot with whom he'll spend several weeks getting used to his avatar and exploring Pandora. Jake will serve as the door gunner on her crew. Jake meets with Col. Quaritch, who is lifting weights. The Colonel tells Jake he's looked up his service record and was impressed with what he accomplished on some of his tours, including one in Venezuela. The Colonel warns Jake about the dangers awaiting him on Pandora. He also states his belief that the Avatar Program is a joke but that it offers an opportunity for a unique reconnaissance mission: If Jake can find out and tell the Colonel what he wants to know about the natives (how to persuade them to move away from the unobtanium ore deposits and how to hit them hard if they won't), the Colonel will see to it that Jake gets the surgery he needs to regain use of his legs. The Colonel climbs into an AMP suit -- a bipedal exoskeleton used for missions on Pandora -- and moves off. Relinked with his avatar, Jake flies over Pandora's surface in Trudy's gunship, along with Grace, Norm, and others. The team lands in a forest, where Grace and Norm begin to take samples of the flora and make measurements. Jake is distracted by his surroundings and wanders into a field of helicoradian flowers, which are quite tall and shrink at Jake's touch. Trouble arrives when a titanothere -- a heavily-armored, hammerheaded creature -- confronts Jake. Grace orders him to stand his ground and not shoot, or else the animal will get angry and charge. His armor is too thick for guns to have any effect anyway. Jake successfully holds his ground, but only because another beast, a panther-like thanator, has approached him from behind and has caused the titanotheres to retreat and surround their young. The thanator then turns to Jake. Grace tells him to run, and he's pursued by the thanator in a chase that separates Jake from his crew. He loses his gun and is downed by the animal, but frees himself by releasing his backpack. Ultimately, the chase leads to a waterfall, where Jake jumps to safety, leaving the thanator roaring above him. Jake's crew searches for him but Trudy says they'll have to return to base since night ops are not allowed. Grace says he won't last the night. It's now night and we see Jake sharpening a long stick into a spear Jake is being watched from above, this time by a Na'vi. The Na'vi aims an arrow at Jake and is about to shoot, but decides against it when small, ethereal, luminescent creatures land on her bow. (Later we learn they are "very pure spirits," also known as the "seeds of Eywa", the Na'vis all-powerful god.) The archer retreats. Jake is stalked by a pack of viperwolves. He dips the end of his spear into a combustible pitch-like liquid. He lights the end and uses it as a a torch against the viperwolves, who encircle him, teeth bared, jaws gnashing. The animals attack Jake; he fights back, kills some, and is taken down by others. The archer who was observing Jake joins the battle on his side. She kills some viperwolves and causes the rest to flee. She tenderly puts out of their misery some whimpering wounded animals and says prayers over them. Jake attempts to thank her for helping him fight off the attackers. She meets his thanks with scorn, tells him all this is his fault, that they did not need to die, and that he should "go back" to where he came from. Jake asks if she feels that way, why she helped him. "You have a strong heart. No fear," she explains. "But stupid!" Jake attempts to follow his rescuer up into a tree, asks for her help, and says he wants to learn. He's repulsed and told to "go back," that sky people can't be taught. Just then, the seeds of Eywa reappear and start to land on the nervous Jake. He asks what they are. "Very pure spirits," she replies, and Jake is covered by them, making an impression on his companion. When the seeds drift off, she relents and tells him to come with her. As Jake tries to keep up with his rescuer, Neytiri ( Zoe Saldana ), he is felled by a bolo thrown by a patrol of Omaticayan warriors. Their leader is Tsu'Tey ( Laz Alonso ), next in line to the throne and the man Neytiri is expected to marry. Neytiri stops them from harming Jake by telling them "there has been a sign from Eywa." Tsu'Tey tells his men to "bring him" along to "tashik" (father, approximate spelling) and "eywa" (mother). Jake is presented to Neytiri's parents, Eytukan ( Wes Studi ) and Mo'at ( CCH Pounder ), who are the king and queen of the tribe, respectively. Jake tells the elders that he is a warrior -- a "dreamwalker" -- and his intention is to learn from them. Mo'at pricks Jake's chest and tastes his blood, decreeing it is the will of Eywa for him to live with the Omaticaya, and for Neytiri, however reluctantly, to be his teacher in their ways and customs. After a ritual gathering, Jake is brought to his bed, a leaf high up in the "Hometree" that encircles him like a cocoon. As he falls asleep, human Jake is revived. At morning chow, all the scientists, including Grace, are focused on everything Jake has to say. Norm seems very disappointed and sullen; he was Grace's original choice to bond with the Omaticaya. Even the military and corporate reps have warmed to Jake. Hometree sits atop a massive deposit of unobtanium so Jake appears to be their best shot at convincing the Omaticaya to move -- or advising the Colonel on how to force them to do so. He's informed that he has three months to achieve his objective before the bulldozers arrive. The next scenes revolve around avatar Jake's training with Neytiri and human Jake's reports on his experiences via the videolog he dictates after every day's activity. He bonds with his direhorse, an important animal to the Na'vi. Jake must learn to mount the animal and connect his neural queue to its antenna. Human Jake continues to report on the Hometree's infrastructure and other Na'vi details. Jake has a difficult time learning how to control his direhorse and is often referred to as "skxawng" ("skown") by Neytiri and Tsu'tey, which he tells us means "moron." Jake reports back to the Colonel and Selfridge about the Omaticaya's home, the giant Hometree. Underneath it is a large deposit of unobtanium. Jake tells them about the structure of the 1000 foot tall tree. Quaritch sees an opportunity to destroy the tree but Jake request he be allowed to negotiate with the Na'vi and convince them to leave. Sensing that Jake is being manipulated by Quaritch, Selfridge and the rest of the military section of the mining operation, Grace decides to take her operation "out of Dodge." She moves them into the Hallelujah Mountains, a remote region of immense, floating islands that are sacred to the Na'vi and are also rich in unobtanium. Grace wants her turf away from the RDA officials and military types at the base. In his next videolog, Jake discusses his language lessons and says his time with the Na'vi is like "field-stripping a weapon." Enough repetition and you can't help but learn it. This is intercut with scenes of his continued training with Neytiri, who teaches him about the Na'vi-forest connection. She tells Jake that all energy is borrowed and one day we have to give it back. Jake seems to comprehend this, and as he says a prayer for an animal he hunted and just killed, Neytiri says that he is ready for an important rite of passage: to bond with and ride a "declan" -- a flying mountain banshee. To reach the banshee's nesting grounds, Jake must accompany Neytiri, Tsu'Tey and two other Na'vi trainees to the highest region of the Hallelujah Mountains. Several factors (the height, the ferocity of the untamed banshees) make this a dangerous lesson, but Jake's lack of fear and successful bond with his banshee earn him the grudging respect of the Na'vi warriors present, even Tsu'Tey. He makes the bond with the tendrils in his queue, and as he rides the flying animal he remarks that he's not much of a horseman but he was "born to do this." Jake, Neytiri, and the others ride together to the Tree of Souls, the most sacred place to the Na'vi. While flying on a hunting sortie, Jake and Neytiri are suddenly pursued and attacked by a creature known to the Na'vi as toruk, a giant and brightly-colored flying mountain banshee with murderous intentions toward everything that flies. Neytiri says its name means "last shadow" -- the toruk's shadow, once seen, is usually the "last shadow one ever gets to see," as its attack is almost always fatal. Back at Hometree, Neytiri shows Jake the skeleton of a precursor of the present toruk. She tells him the last person to ride a toruk was her grandfather's grandfather, who used the animal to unite the five Na'vi tribes in a time of great sorrow. Such a person would earn the title Toruk Mato, "Rider of the Last Shadow." When Jake comes back to his human form, it's clear he's been changed by this latest experience, for he says, "out there is the real world ... in here is the dream." The Colonel comes over to him to tell him his mission is accomplished and he's to return to Earth that day. And good to his word, the Colonel has arranged for Jake to get the treatment he needs to regain use of his legs. Jake wishes to delay his departure because he says he's right at the point at which he's to be initiated into the tribe and accepted as one of them, and then would have the status to negotiate with the Na'vi to relocate. The Colonel acquiesces. Jake attends a Na'vi ceremony, where he learns the Na'vi believe that every person can be born twice. Neytiri leads Jake to a place of prayer, the "tree of voices," where they use their queues to bond with the tree. Neytiri tells Jake he can make a bow from the tree ... and that he can choose a woman. Jake tells Neytiri that he has already chosen her, and she says that she has chosen him. They sleep together under the tree and Jake wakes up back in the lab. In the morning, Neytiri awakens to falling trees, then the presence of bulldozers. Soldiers are advancing as the forest falls around Neytiri, who is dragging and carrying Jake to safety. At their remote spot, Jake is getting ready to link with his avatar and when he finally revives, Jake climbs onto one of the bulldozers and tries to stop it, eventually smashing its camera system and drawing some gunfire. Other Na'vi warriors arrive, while the Colonel, reviewing films back at the base, recognizes Jake in his avatar form as the person who tried to stop their mission. The bulldozers continue their operation, wiping out the sacred ground. At Hometree, the Na'vi want war. Grace and Jake argue against it. There's an intense debate. Tsu'Tey tries to kill Jake, jealous at having learned that Jake and Neytiri are mated for life when he and Neytiri were betrothed. Jake declares he is a Na'vi and deserves the right to speak. Suddenly, both Grace and Jake's avatars fall unconscious as the links between them and their human forms are abruptly broken by the enraged Colonel, who arrests Jake for trying to stop the bulldozers. Grace and Jake face off with RDA and military brass. Grace reveals that Pandora's trees form a network that has more neural connections than exist in the human brain and that the Na'vi can tap into that network. Consequently, the Omaticaya will never leave Hometree. Parker and the Colonel discuss options. He will launch an attack on Hometree and us gas bombs to drive out the Na'vi. Jake presses to be allowed to return to the Omaticaya to try to convince them to leave, and he's granted one hour to achieve that objective. Jake and Grace are not welcomed back. Neytiri rejects Jake. Both Jake and Grace are bound and left behind by the Omaticaya, who are preparing to fight against the humans, who have arrived in a large fleet of flying ships. The fleet launches gas canisters into Hometree and the surrounding area. As the battle escalates, most of the weaponry is targeted at the root structure of Hometree, which is toppled by a series of explosions and heavy artillery. Many Omaticaya are killed. Mo'at frees Jake and Grace and asks them to save the tribe. Jake arrives and is rejected again by Neytiri when he tries to console her. Neytiri's father Eytukan is killed by a large piece of shrapnel; his dying wish is for Neytiri to take his sacred bow and assume leadership of their people. The destruction seems endless, and, suddenly, Jake and Grace return to their human bodies and are promptly placed under arrest for treason. Norm is also arrested for trying to prevent soldiers from disabling their avatar forms. The Na'vi gather at the Tree of Souls. Trudy arrives at the cell which holds Jake, Grace, and Norm. She dupes their guard by saying she wants nothing to do with them, only to knock out the guard an instant later. As they prepare to flee the base, Grace is shot and wounded by the Colonel. The team flies Trudy's ship to the remote lab in the floating mountains and they take a pod to another spot in the forest. Jake returns to his avatar body. The hopeful reunion with the Omaticaya is not to be, initially. Jake is an outcast, an alien. So he makes a bold decision: he realizes that to regain the trust of the Na'vi, he has to take things to a higher level. He summons his banshee and sets off to find the toruk. His strategy is simple but can easily result in death; Jake believes that the toruk never looks for an attack above himself and thus he can be approached that way. Jake jumps off his banshee and onto the back of the toruk. We next see him arrive riding the toruk at the Tree of Souls in the middle of an Omaticayan ceremony. Jake has successfully bonded with the toruk. The Omaticaya are stunned to see their greatest legend come true. Jake dismounts and makes his way through the crowd of Na'vi, who, awed, part before him. When he reaches Neytiri, each holds out an arm to the other and she says "I see you." Tsu'Tey, who is now tribe leader, concedes Jake's new role of Toruk Mato. He accords Jake much respect. Jake convinces Mo'at to help Grace, who is dying. Mo'at begins the preparations, which involve getting Grace's human and avatar bodies in place at the Tree of Souls. The idea is to permanently transfer Grace's consciousness to her avatar. Mo'at lets it be known that Grace must pass through the eye of Eywa, and that the great mother might choose to let her pass through to her avatar self, or she might opt to have Grace remain with her. The ritual is not successful, though before she dies, Grace tells Jake that she has seen Eywa. Jake, heartbroken and furious, speaks as Toruk Mato and says it's time to 'send a message' to the sky people that this is their, the Na'vi's, land. But to do so, they first must go to each of the Na'vi clans to ask them to come and fight as one. Tsu'tey will be the Omaticayan's new clan leader and will also help rally other clans to fight with them. The human military have picked up the infusion of Na'vi into the area, from a few hundred to 2000 within a day. At this rate, the Colonel says as he addresses his troops, the Na'vi will soon total 20,000, at which point their perimeter will be overrun. Rather than let that happen, he continues, they must stage a pre-emptive attack while they still can. Their plan is to turn a space shuttle into the carrier of a massive bomb. Their target is the Tree of Souls, and the attack is planned for 0600 the next day. They believe that if they destroy the Tree of Souls, the Na'vi will go away and never come near this place again. Jake is busy rallying the Omaticaya. At the Tree of Souls, he uses his queue to bond with the tree and asks Eywa to look into Grace's memories, stressing that humankind killed their mother (Earth), the entity that protects the balance of life. Neytiri appears and tells Jake that Eywa does not take sides. Quaritch masses his fleet, mostly as protection for the Valkyrie shuttle. The bombship and the fleet move toward the Tree of Souls. The united Na'vi force begins to arrive from the sky and on the ground. Jake on his toruk, Tsu'Tey, and other warriors engage in battle with the military aircraft, mainly Scorpion assault ships. Casualties mount on both sides. The gunships have unmatched firepower, but are no match for the declans, who grab hold of them and smash them against each other. Jake, riding the toruk, is pursued and shot at by Col. Quaritch's Dragonfly ship; Trudy arrives and opens fire on the Colonel's command ship; Neytiri's banshee is shot down and killed; Norm's avatar is mortally wounded and he jumps back to his human form; Tsu'Tey takes on the bombship and is killed in the attempt; Trudy dies when her ship is destroyed in a hail of gunfire from Quaritch's Dragonfly. Neytiri watches this action from the ground. Jake attempts to contact Tsu'Tey and is unsuccessful, as is his attempt to reach Trudy. Meanwhile, the bombship closes in on the Tree of Souls. Jake tells Neytiri via communicator to disengage from the fight. Suddenly, through what's left of the surrounding forest, a battalion of Titanotheres, Pandora's heavily armored dinosaur-like animals, arrives and engages the Earth forces. They quickly lay waste to infantry and soldiers in AMP suits. Overjoyed that Eywa has heard Jake's plea for help, Neytiri rejoins the fight with many other of Pandora's species behind her. When a thanator appears nearby, it bows to her submissively. Jake and his toruk take to the sky to confront the bombship as the military's ground forces retreat in disarray. Approaching from above, Jake grenades the bombship. It crashes in flames and explosions well away from the Tree of Souls. Jake also throws explosives into vulnerable parts of the command ship. It begins to burn and go down. Col. Quaritch puts on an AMP suit and jumps free of the command ship before it disintegrates in a ball of flames. He finds himself at the temporary camp set up by Grace. In the camp, Jake is inside his avatar pod. Quaritch, set on killing Jake, is now attacked by a thanator that Neytiri had bonded with and ridden to the site. With the aid of his AMP suit the Colonel kills the thanator and Neytiri is trapped underneath it. Before the Colonel has a chance to kill Neytiri, Jake arrives in his avatar. The two engage in combat, the Colonel in his AMP suit and Jake as his avatar, armed only with a piece of pipe. Jake smashes the suit's plastic canopy, the Colonel pops it off, dons a breathing mask, and, before he moves off toward the structures that house the pods, asks Jake how it feels to have betrayed his race. "You think you're one of them? Time to wake up," he taunts, as he smashes into the mobile lab, looking for Jake's pod, intent on destroying it and human Jake. The battle resumes. Jake is grabbed by an arm of the AMP suit and hangs from his queue before the Colonel. Meanwhile, Neytiri has almost freed herself. The Colonel now moves Jake closer to him and reaches for his knife, intending to finish Jake by slitting his throat. Suddenly, Neytiri shoots an arrow at the Colonel, impaling him through the center of his chest. The Colonel, reeling, is unable to continue his attack on Jake. Neytiri's second arrow lodges right next to the first. It brings the Colonel in the AMP suit to the ground. However, much damage has been done to the lab, which is leaking in the planet's poisonous atmosphere. Human Jake is awake but having difficulty both breathing and trying to get a mask on. Neytiri arrives and helps Jake on with his mask. Cradling human Jake, she says, "I see you." It's the first time they have seen each other face-to-face. Back at Hell's Gate, most of the remaining humans are being marched into a shuttle to be sent back to Earth; however, a select few Earth people, such as Norm and Dr. Patel, are invited to stay on Pandora. Jake signs off in his final videolog, where we learn that he has chosen to transfer his consciousness to his avatar for good. In a ceremony similar to Grace's, Jake passes through the eye of Eywa ... and wakes up in his avatar with Neytiri watching over him. 
 Solo: A Star Wars Story (2018)431) Board the Millennium Falcon and journey to a galaxy far, far away in an epic action-adventure that will set the course of one of the Star Wars saga's most unlikely heroes. With the emerging demand of hyperfuel and other resources, Han Solo finds himself in the middle of a heist alongside other criminals, where they meet the likes of Chewbacca and Lando Calrissian in an adventurous situation exposing the criminal underworld. Before he crossed paths with The Rebellion, Han Solo was a former Imperial Militant who became a space pirate cruising around the Outer Rim alongside his fellow outlaw: the mighty Wookiee, Chewbacca. This is the story of how he came to be known as the galaxy's most notorious smuggler, and how the man became a legend. Johnny Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this second 'Star Wars' stand-alone, spin-off film, it opens with the traditional "A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away....." Across the known galaxy during the early years of the First Galactic Empire, organized crime syndicates are running rampant due to rampant lawlessness on the mid and outer rim worlds since the fall of the Galactic Republic, forcing others to fight for survival. On the industrial ship-building planet Corellia, Lady Proxima (voice of Linda Hunt), leader of the White Worms gang, is after a hyperfuel known as coaxium. Meanwhile, one young man seeks a way out of Corellia for good. That man is Han (Alden Ehrenreich). After getting his hands on some coaxium, he meets with his girlfriend Qi'ra (Emilia Clarke) as they plan to escape. They are found by some of Proxima's minions and are taken to her, where she demands the coaxium. Han takes out a rock that he pretends is a thermal detonator and throws it at the walls to bring in sunlight, which Proxima and her species are allergic to. Han and Qi'ra run and evade the worms as they chase after them, managing to lose them after Han gets them through a tight spot in the wall with a stolen speeder, but they end up stuck and have to continue running on foot. At the nearby spaceport, Han and Qi'ra evade Imperial storm trooper guards and bring the coaxium to a female Imperial officer as a bribe to help them escape. They nearly make it to freedom until they are spotted by the worms again. Han is able to make it out, but Qi'ra is captured. Separated by a security gate, Han promises to find a way to get her out. Now on his own, Han decides to enlist as a pilot for the Empire. He speaks to a recruitment officer, and he asks Han his full name. When he can't give him a surname, and when the officer sees he is alone and has no family, he dubs him Han "Solo". The story jumps ahead three years... Han is fighting on the muddy, foggy planet Mimban as an Imperial infantryman -- he has since been kicked out of the Imperial Flight Academy for insubordination. Most of the fighters on his side are killed, but Han manages to find three thieves posing as fighters - Tobias Beckett (Woody Harrelson), his girlfriend Val (Thandie Newton), and the alien Rio Durant (voice of Jon Favreau). Fed up with constant conflicts, Han wants to join them after telling them he's a good pilot, but Beckett refuses to let him join, even after Han threatens to blackmail them. Beckett sets Han up to be arrested, lying to some Imperial officers. Han is taken by guards and thrown into a pit to be fed to a beast. The beast turns out to be the Wookie Chewbacca (Joonas Suotamo). He attacks Han, but when Han reveals he can speak the Wookie language, they decide to work together to break out. Han uses Chewie to break the beam that's keeping them bound together, collapsing the ceiling and spilling the two guards that threw Han into the pit down to the floor. The two escape and see Beckett, Val, and Rio leaving on a ship, hoping to have caught a ride. Rio manages to convince Beckett to bring the two on-board since the immensely strong Chewie could work well as extra muscle. The crew rests for the night on the snow-covered planet Vandor before their upcoming job. As they sit around a campfire, Val figures that Han has joined them for a girl. Beckett tells Han that they are trying to steal a large amount of coaxium from a train for the people they work for. Beckett disassembles a DL-44 blaster rifle he's brought with him, stripping it down into a pistol that he gives to Han. The next day, the crew spots the train and they go in for the heist. They find the coaxium, but they are attacked by a gang of Cloud Riders. The crew fights them off, but Rio is shot as he flies the ship overhead, forcing Han to pilot the ship. Rio then succumbs to his wounds. Val is at the end of the tracks just over a cliff where the Cloud Riders ambush her. To ensure they don't get the others or the coaxium, she blows herself up with the tracks, causing the train to plummet to the ground. Han also ends up dropping the coaxium, realizing that the craft isn't powerful enough to yank it away from the Cloud Riders. The coaxium explodes, collapsing a big portion of the mountain. Beckett leaves memorials for Rio and Val, and he punches Han in the face for ruining the mission. They were supposed to deliver the coaxium to a criminal named Dryden Vos (Paul Bettany), leader of the Crimson Dawn syndicate. Without the coaxium, Beckett fears Dryden will kill him. Han offers himself and Chewie to help Beckett find another stash of coaxium and reach a new deal with Dryden. Beckett reluctantly agrees to let Han and Chewie come along. The three travel to Dryden's huge, luxurious ship docked nearby. While attending a lavish party, Han spots Qi'ra, who has been working for Dryden for the last couple of years. After the ruthless Dryden kills the regional governor in his private room, he steps outside to speak to Beckett and meet Han and Chewie. After discussing what happened with the coaxium, Han suggests that they steal unprocessed coaxium from the mines on the planet Kessel. Dryden has Qi'ra join them. The danger is that unprocessed coaxium is highly unstable and must be taken to a refining facility quickly before it explodes. In order to get a ship to travel to Kessel, Qi'ra brings the three to meet the charming smuggler Lando Calrissian (Donald Glover) as he is playing a card game of Sabaac against other alien pilots. Han challenges Lando to a game, where the winner gets the other's ship. Han appears to poised to win, until Lando cheats, using a card hidden in his sleeve to outmatch him. Still, Lando joins Han and the others on their mission for the potential profits that would follow. They stop to get Lando's droid friend, L3-37 (voice of Phoebe Waller-Bridge), who is watching a fight between other droids and is upset to see that they are used like gladiatorial slaves. Lando brings them to his ship, the Millennium Falcon, and they take off for the mining planet of Kessel. The team arrives on Kessel and heads toward the mines, having to navigate the large, stormy cloud that surrounds the planet. L3 initiates a riot by freeing captive droids, which allows the others to find the coaxium and take it. At the same time, Chewie spots imprisoned Wookiees, and Han allows him to go and free them. An all-out battle begins as the team tries to escape, only to be shot at by the creatures. L3 is blasted, and Lando runs in to save her, losing her lower half, and he is wounded trying to take her back to the Falcon. The team gets the coaxium on-board and they fly away, where L3 dies in Lando's arms. As the team flies out, they are found by an Imperial star destroyer blockade that sends out TIE fighters to attack. With Lando injured, Han must pilot the Falcon to evade the TIE fighters and make it through the Maw, a cluster of black holes. They are attacked by an enormous space monster that tries to devour them. Han must then do a "Kessel Run", but Lando points out nobody can do it in less than 20 parsecs. Using a piece of L3's machinery to navigate the ship, they find themselves being sucked toward a black hole, which the space monster falls victim to as it is ripped apart. Han then has Beckett use a small dose of coaxium to boost the Falcon out of danger. It works and they fly out, and Han is able to brag that he made the Kessel Run in 12 parsecs. The team is set to meet with Dryden on the planet Savareen, where they plan to process the coaxium at a disused refinery. The group are soon found by the Cloud Riders. Han tries to bluff them, saying he has a small unit of soldiers waiting aboard the Falcon. The ruse fails when Lando flies off in the Falcon. Beckett believes the Riders are a bunch of marauders, until their leader, a teenage girl named Enfys Nest (Erin Kellyman), reveals herself and says they only want to keep the coaxium out of Crimson Dawn's hands. A resistance is building in opposition to the Galactic Empire and Nest wants the coaxium to use in the fight. Han, Qi'ra, and Chewie bring the coaxium to Dryden who's ship lands nearby. When he sees a sample, he says that it is fake. It turns out Beckett was his inside man, and he told Dryden that Han had been planning to sell the coaxium to the Cloud Riders. However, Han reveals he took a page out of Beckett's book and anticipated that Beckett would betray them. The coaxium in the room is real, and the Cloud Riders have nothing. Beckett takes Chewie hostage, along with the coaxium. Dryden fights Han and Qi'ra, ending with Qi'ra overpowering Dryden and stabbing him through the heart with his own blade. Qi'ra tells Han to go after the coaxium and to save Chewie, and she will join them soon. Han catches up to Beckett. Beckett attempts to talk his way out of the situation and draws his gun, but Han shoots first and kills Beckett. Meanwhile, Qi'ra contacts her true boss... a shadowy figure who reveals himself to be Darth Maul (Ray Park). She tells him of the mission's failure, and he assigns her to Dryden's former position. She leaves on Dryden's ship, passing over Han and Chewie. She looks over to him, and he looks back. Han gives the coaxium to Enfys and her team. She offers him a chance to join them, but he declines. Enfys leaves Han and Chewie with a vial of coaxium for themselves. Han finds Lando and challenges him to another game of Sabaac, only this time, he manages to swipe Lando's cheat card from him before the match. Han wins fairly, and he gets the Falcon. Along with Chewie, they decide to head to Tatooine after Beckett had mentioned a gangster (Jabba The Hutt) putting together a crew for another mission. Han then puts the Falcon into hyperspace as they take off. 
 Man of Steel (2013)431) An alien child is evacuated from his dying world and sent to Earth to live among humans. His peace is threatened, when other survivors of his home planet invade Earth. A young boy learns that he has extraordinary powers and is not of this Earth. As a young man, he journeys to discover where he came from and what he was sent here to do. But the hero in him must emerge if he is to save the world from annihilation and become the symbol of hope for all mankind. Warner Bros. Pictures Kal-El, son of Jor-El and Lara, is sent to Earth after his home planet Krypton leads to a complete incineration. Now taking the name "Clark Kent", he then discovers his true persona when he is guided to become Superman: A hero committed to protect Earth's fate and the harm that threatens it. However, General Zod, a citizen of Krypton and its military leader looks at Earth's fate differently and decides to use it with a sacrifice for all humans. Superman, with the help of present military and news reporter Lois Lane makes an alliance together to stop Zod from obliterating human existence. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the Planet Krypton, Lara-El ( Ayelet Zurer ), is birthing a son, Kal. Kal is a secret because he was born naturally, instead of by genetic engineering. Jor-El ( Russell Crowe ) tells the Kryptonian council that the planet started crumbling and is on the brink of destruction. They forbid him to evacuate the planet's Codex, claiming that the planet is stable. General Zod ( Michael Shannon ) and numerous followers, attack the council. Zod invites Jor-El to join the coup, considering he disagrees with the council. When Jor-El refuses, Zod orders the arrest of Jor-El who escapes. Jor-El swims in the incubator chamber and takes the Codex. Lara prepares the small spacecraft he has built to evacuate their son from Krypton. Jor-El races home to put the Codex in the spacecraft. Lara feels difficulty separating from her son but Jor-El comforts her that they are preserving his life by sending their baby to: Earth, where the yellow sun will cause greater strength and speed. Jor-El places the Codex into a device that bonds it to his son's living cells. As they prepare to launch the pod containing their son, Zod and his followers force their way into the Els residence, demanding that Jor-El hand over the Codex. Jor-El claims it is in the pod with his son. Zod becomes enraged and attacks Jor-El, eventually stabbing him to death. During the fight, Lara engages the pod's engines and it shoots into the sky. Angered that Jor-El and his wife have doomed the Kryptonian race with the removal of the Codex, Zod orders his followers to shoot down the pod. However, his orders are suddenly canceled when Kryptonian security ships appear, destroying the attacking vessel and arresting Zod and his minions. In the confusion, the small craft's propulsion engine, a Phantom Drive, engages on the pod, rocketing the baby away in the blink of an eye. Zod and his followers are banished to The Phantom Zone. In a fury, Zod lashes out, declaring the leaders will not grant him and his followers a quick death. He also swears to Lara that he will find her son. Zod and his followers are placed in a giant craft, the Black Zero, that is sent into the Phantom Zone. Shortly after, Krypton's core collapses as Lara passively watches the planet breaking apart. Many worlds away, the pod carrying Kal-El rockets into Earth's atmosphere, touching down somewhere in the Great Plains of the United States. The scene then shifts to ocean waters, where we see a bearded man working aboard a fishing vessel and having trouble concentrating on his duties. The crew are soon alerted to a distress call for help from a flaming oil rig. The bearded man quickly disappears from the ship but is on the rig moments later, rescuing the crew and getting them to board a Coast Guard chopper. The crew are astonished to see him tear a steel door from it's hinges and that the flames he's covered with do not burn him. Kent is unable to join them, as he rushes to keep a part of the rig from collapsing on the landing pad. As the chopper flies away with the rig's crew, the rig collapses down on him and he ends up floating in the water. We soon learn that this is Clark Kent ( Henry Cavill ), as in a deep mental state, he recalls when he was younger, and manifested X-Ray vision, and super-hearing. The overload of images and sounds caused him great pain. Scared at what he was seeing and hearing, Clark runs from his classroom and locks himself in a closet. His mother, Martha, comes to the school and manages to coax him out, helping him to focus his powers, quelling the myriad sounds he hears. Back in the present-day, Clark has managed to return to land and steals some clothes. As he attempts to figure out where he is, he sees a school bus nearby. Clark has another flashback to when he was 13. He recalls being picked on by a boy Peter ( Jack Foley ), before the school bus they were on suddenly blows a tire, and careens off a bridge into a river. Thinking quickly, Clark escapes out the rear emergency door, and pushes the bus to shore. Clark jumps back into the water and pulls Peter to safety. Though Pete's mother claims that Clark miraculously saved the occupants of the bus, Clark's father ( Kevin Costner ) tries to convince her otherwise. Needless to say, Clark feels even more conflicted, as his father has tried to tell him to suppress his powers, but Clark was torn by a need to help others. When Clark demands to know what's wrong with him, Jonathan shows his son the pod he came to Earth in, hidden below the barn. Along with the pod was a strange metallic item. Jonathan claims he had a metallurgist examine it, but it is comprised of elements not found on Earth. Imprinted on the small fragment of metal is a shield-like shape containing an "S". The scene then returns to the present day, where Clark has a job at a truck stop in Canada. As he works, he hears some military men talking quietly about some object found in the ice a ways north of the stop. When a trucker comes in and starts harassing one of the waitresses, Clark attempts to stop him, but afraid others will see his powers, stands there and takes the trucker's taunts. Without saying a word, Clark takes off his apron and leaves the stop. Later, as the trucker leaves, he is shocked to find his rig impaled on several of the large logs he was hauling. The scene then cuts to Lois Lane ( Amy Adams ) landing at the base in Canada, where she is met by Dr. Emil Hamilton ( Richard Schiff ), and Colonel Nathan Hardy ( Christopher Meloni ). Drilling is still commencing within the ice to get to uncover the craft, but drilling tests have at least confirmed that the ice surrounding the object is thousands of years old. Going out in the evening to shoot some pictures, Lois is shocked when she checks them to see a man walking on a ridge near the drilling site without cold-weather clothing. She sneaks up to where he was, and finds a tunnel bored into the ice. The tunnel is Clark's doing, as he had followed the word of the military men, and made his way to the site, using his heat vision to create the tunnel through solid ice. He then finds a strange spacecraft, and going inside, finds a panel that opens up. It contains a hole that seems to match the shape of the object his father found with him in the pod. Inserting the object the hole causes a person to suddenly appear nearby. He doesn't say a word, simply walking off. Clark attempts to catch up to this person, but he always seems to be several steps ahead of him. Meanwhile, Lois has found her way onto the ship, but is attacked by a sentry. Her screams reach Clark, who finds her. After dismantling the sentry by crushing it with his bare hands, he sees that the sentry has wounded Lois in her lower abdomen. He tells her she's bleeding internally and uses his heat vision to cauterize the wound. Shortly after, military forces nearby are all amazed when the ice starts to crack and a giant ship emerges, flying off. Lois is found the next day and shortly thereafter she writes up an article about what she experienced. However, her editor at the Daily Planet, Perry White ( Laurence Fishburne ), refuses to publish it. Even the Pentagon has denied her 'aliens and spaceships' story. Lois then attempts to play hard ball. Going to a contact of hers named Glenn Woodburn ( Chad Krowchuk ), she allows him to publish her story. Though he cautions that she could get in trouble for leaking the story, she claims she hopes that it will catch the attention of the person she met. Meanwhile, Clark has piloted the spaceship to another remote location in the Arctic. It turns out the figure he was following is a hologram of his father Jor-El, who is appearing via the 'key' Clark inserted into the ship. Jor-El explains the history of the planet Krypton, Zod's attempted coup and that the ship Clark found was a sentry ship sent out many years before, when the the council of Krypton had sought to colonize other planets but abandoned the project. Jor-El shows Clark a dark blue and red suit bearing the shielded "S". Jor-El explains that it is the emblem of the House of El and a symbol of hope. Jor-El also explains that the Earth's sun has made Clark stronger than human beings, and has been helping him manifest powers for some time. Jor-El tells Clark that the suit will symbolize his mission: to help the people of Earth and act as their guardian. Stepping outside the ship, Clark begins to push his powers: first taking flying leaps, before eventually being able to fly at great speeds, breaking the sound barrier and flying great distances around the world. Back in Metropolis, Perry is furious that Lois leaked her story to the internet, and suspends her for three weeks. Lois uses this time to begin tracking down leads to her mystery man. Her sleuthing leads her to Smallville, and eventually, Peter. Visiting the grave of Jonathan Kent, she is surprised when her mystery man appears (albeit in nondescript clothing). Lois claims she wants to tell Clark's story, but he tells her of how he abides by his father's request to not reveal himself until the world 'was ready.' Clark then relates how Jonathan died. After the two have an argument during a drive, which mostly concerns Clark's frustration over his true ancestry and how he is forbidden to reveal his powers to anyone but his parents, they stop when a tornado forms, threatening everyone on the road nearby. Clark gets his mother and several others to safety, with Jonathan attempting to get the family dog free of their vehicle. The dog makes it out safely, but Jonathan suffers an injury to his ankle and is unable to make it to the overpass where everyone has taken shelter. Clark had wanted to help his father, but a gesture from Jonathan cautioned him to not reveal himself, leaving Jonathan to be swept away by the tornado. Hearing his story, Lois respects Clark's wish for privacy, and stops trying to pursue a story from him. Clark returns to his mother, and happily tells her that he has found where he came from, and who his true parents are. Though Martha fears that her son will now be taken from her, Clark assures her it won't happen. Meanwhile, the military has detected a strange ship in geosynchronous orbit around the planet. Others soon report the strange sighting, but are surprised when power is cut off to all parts of the world, and a message is broadcast from General Zod. Zod demands that the people of Earth hand over Kal-El within 24 hours or there will be consequences. A worldwide manhunt is initiated to find this "Kal-El". Woodburn is interviewed about the aliens and drops Lois' name, which soon results in numerous FBI agents being sent to take her into custody. Lois tries to flee from them, but she's quickly intercepted and turned over to the US Army. Back in Smallville, Clark goes to a local church, and confesses to the pastor that he is the one the aliens want. Clark admits he is conflicted: he doesn't trust that Zod will leave Earth in peace, but he is also wondering if he should trust humanity. His decision is made when the Pastor tells him that sometimes one must take a leap of faith. Clark then appears before the Army in his Kryptonian suit, willing to surrender on condition that he can meet with Lois and that she be freed. Clark is handcuffed (he allows them to, as a gesture of trust and to help them feel more secure), and he and Lois have a short conversation. She asks him about the "S" on his chest which he tells her is not an S as Earthlings know it, but a symbol of hope. When she suggests a new moniker, her voice is cut off by feedback from the audio system observers are using behind a 2-way mirror -- but Clark shows he is easily able see through it and identify the people standing behind it. Clark stands up and effortlessly breaks his handcuffs and tells the observers he'll allow them to turn him over to Zod and that he'll protect the planet from whatever danger Zod presents. In a remote desert, a black craft appears to bring him to Zod's ship. The craft is commanded by Faora ( Antje Traue ), who also demands of General Swanwick ( Harry Lennix ), that Lois also be taken with them. Though Swanwick points out that the deal was originally for only Kal-El to be handed over, Lois agrees to go with Clark. Before they reach Zod's ship, Lois is fitted with a breathing apparatus, as the atmosphere on the ship will be toxic to humans. When Faora is distracted, Clark slips Lois the key he used to restart the Arctic ship. On board the Black Zero, Zod welcomes Clark, who a few moments later collapses to the floor of the ship, seemingly unable to breathe. Though Lois is worried for him, Zod assures her that Clark's body is simply adjusting to the Kryptonian atmosphere aboard the ship. Clark passes out, and finds himself in a dreamlike vision of his family's farm. Zod explains to Clark that after the destruction of Krypton, the portal to the Phantom Zone where they were trapped was broken open. After modifying the portal's Phantom Drive, they were able to transport themselves all across the galaxy in the Black Zero. Visiting the various planets which colonizing ships and teams were sent, their searches for a new planet proved unfruitful, as each of the colonists sent to these various planets were found to have perished. However, Zod and his followers took what they could from the remnants of their civilization, including a terraforming machine called a "World Engine". When Clark activated the ship in the Arctic, it sent out a signal which lead Zod to Earth. Zod claims that he intends to turn Earth into a New Krypton, but Clark is unwilling to go along with this plan since it will mean Earth's annihilation and the deaths of all humans. Awakening from the vision, Zod tells Clark that with or without him, he will revive their civilization. As well, Clark's adjustments to the ship have made him no stronger than the other Kryptonians on it. Consequently, one of Zod's men, Jax-Ur ( Mackenzie Gray ), is able to obtain a blood sample from Clark. Meanwhile, Lois is thrown into a holding cell, where she comes across a panel with a small hole. Lois notes it is the same shape as the key she has. Inserting it allows the information from Jor-El to appear before her. The key causes the ship's atmosphere to alter towards more suitable conditions for Clark and Lois, and Jor-El gives Lois valuable information for stopping Zod, along with leading her to an escape pod. As she activates the pod a guard suddenly shoots at her, damaging the pod. The change in the atmosphere returns Clark's strength, allowing him to break his bonds, and Jor-El appears before him, pointing out that Lois needs to be saved because of the damage to the pod. Clark saves Lois from the pod, but his attention is soon drawn to his mother, who is set upon by Zod and Faora. Zod goes to the Kent farm, looking for the Codex, which Faora finds is not in the pod Clark arrived on Earth in. When Zod threatens Martha, Clark races to save her, hitting Zod with such force that the two end up thrown into the heart of downtown Smallville. Upon recovering, Zod's face-mask malfunctions and his body begins to adapt to the Earthen environment, as he suddenly gains X-Ray vision, and his hearing begins to take in everything at once (just like Clark did when he gained these powers long ago). The effect is debilitating to Zod as his senses overload and he is forced to retreat. Clark claims that his parents helped him hone his skills to control the sensory overload, but his assurance is thrown aside when a ship recovers the stunned Zod, and Faora and a larger Kryptonian (Nam-Ek) attempt to bring Clark down. A battle erupts between Clark and his enemies, causing huge amounts of destruction. Word of the alien presence in Smallville has reached the Army, and Col. Hardy approaches with helicopters and planes. Hardy claims that all three of the aliens (including Clark) are hostile, and all forms of weaponry are thrown at them. Though Faora and Nam-Ek escape, Clark is able to change Hardy's mind when he saves the Colonel along with several other soldiers. Clark returns to his mother, but also encounters Lois, who explains to him what Jor-El told her on the ship. Back on his ship, Zod is informed what happened to the Codex. Jor-El had diffused it into Clark's cells, making him the source to create new Kryptonian life. When Zod is informed that Clark does not need to be taken alive to retrieve the Codex, he puts his plan into effect. Zod separates the World Engine from the Black Zero. As it touches down in the South Indian Ocean, the Black Zero hovers over Metropolis, it's opposite point on the planet. Using the Phantom Drive, Zod activates the World Engine, which creates a link with the Black Zero through the Earth's core, beginning the process of terraforming Earth into a planet more like Krypton. Dr. Emil Hamilton determines that the process is creating a stronger gravitational pull and making the planet more dense. The effect causes massive destruction, flattening cars and shaking skyscrapers apart. The force of the machine also causes objects to repeatedly rise and plummet to Earth. As Swanwick contemplates what to do, he receives word that Clark (now being called "Superman" by some of the soldiers), has a plan. Using the information that Lois obtained, Clark reasons that if the pod that brought him to Earth is activated by the key he has it will start up the Phantom Drive inside. If the pod collides with Zod's ship which also has its drive activated, a black hole will warp the Black Zero and it's occupants back into the Phantom Zone. Meanwhile, Zod leaves his ship, and heads for the ship Clark found in the Arctic. On board the ship is a gestation chamber with many unborn Kryptonian fetuses. The projection of Jor-El speaks to Zod, telling him to halt his operation. Zod refuses to listen to the words of a ghost. and will stop at nothing to revive Krypton and it's people. Zod's key eventually overrides Jor-El's, and the ship now responds to Zod, causing Jor-El's hologram to disappear. Col Hardy, Dr Hamilton, and Lois board a plane to take the pod to Metropolis, while Superman flies around the world to try and stop the World Engine. However, he is assailed by a Kryptonian defense mechanism within the machine that attempts to fend him off with long tentacles. The situation over Metropolis grows more desperate as none of the planes sent by the Air Force are able to get close to the Black Zero. Zod's ship and the World Engine have created a gravitational vacuum that keeps the transport unable to properly launch Clark's pod. Realizing there's no way he can fight off the tentacles, Clark goes deep under the World Engine to muster his strength and punches his way through it, causing the connection to sever and the machine to explode. With the gravitational disruption gone, Hardy flies the transport closer to Zod's ship but it is intercepted by Faora, who attempts to stop them. Meanwhile, Zod has arrived in Metropolis with the ship. As he attempts to destroy the Air Force plane, Clark swoops in and crashes into the ship's control panel. Zod yells for Clark to once again let him complete his plan to revive Krypton. "Krypton had its chance!" yells Clark, who then uses his heat-vision to tear apart the ship, causing it to crash and the gestation chamber to fracture. Faora's attempts fail as well as Hardy steers the plane into the ship. As Lois was on the rear of the plane as it tilted down towards the ship, she loses her balance and falls to Earth. The collision of the two Phantom Drives causes the military aircraft and the Black Zero (along with the people on the vessels) to disappear. Clark manages to save Lois again and puts her safely on the ground. Nearby, the sound of moving metal is heard, and Clark finds Zod, thoroughly enraged. Zod tells Clark that he was engineered to be a General of Krypton and to protect it and its people. With nothing left to revive the planet, Zod seethes that Clark has taken his soul and promises to kill the humans one at a time in retribution for what Clark has done. The two battle across Metropolis, smashing through buildings. During the fight, Zod adapts further to Earth's atmosphere, spawning heat-vision and the ability for flight. The battle soon ends with them in a train station, where Zod blasts his heat vision at a nearby family. Clark, with Zod in a choke-hold, tries to keep the beam from engulfing the family. "If you love these people so much, then you can mourn for them," Zod shouts. Clark begs Zod to stop but when Zod claims he will never stop, Clark snaps the General's neck, killing him. It is clear that Clark did not want to exact such a terrible judgment, and he agonizes over having not only killed another person, but one of the last of his race. Lois appears and comforts him. Some time later, Swanwick and his adjutant, Major Farris ( Christina Wren ), find Superman downing an Air Force drone. Superman claims that he knows they had sent it to find his home on Earth but he wants the search to stop. He vows that he will continue to fight for what is right and the security of Earth. The General questions Superman's commitment to which Clark replies that he's from Kansas and can be trusted. As he flies away, the General's adjutant smiles, clearly won over by how handsome and forthright he appears to be. Clark then returns to Smallville, where he and Martha visit Jonathan's grave. Clark claims he wishes his father could have seen what he accomplished, but says he did. When she asks what Clark intends to do now, he claims he'll get a job where he can be updated on what is going on with the world, where he won't be questioned about visiting dangerous places, and where he will be able to ask questions if needed. We then see him in the Daily Planet building, being introduced to Lois Lane as the paper's newest reporter. Though he is now sporting a pair of black-rimmed glasses, it is apparent that Lois knows just who this new employee is. 