nm0004899:

 CSI: NY (20042013)Summaries CSI head Detective Mac Taylor and his team solve crimes using forensic science in New York City. CBS's successful CSI franchise gets transplanted to the Big Apple. Cases involving sewer rats as witnesses, a victim whose head was slammed in a pizzeria oven, and murders of commodities traders, and--of course--a Red Sox fan. CSI: NY is a bleaker, grimmer version of its Las Vegas and Miami cousins. The team is made up of a pleasantly New Yawk but indistinct cast of characters. The teams leader Detective Mac Taylor (Gary Sinise), is a former Marine from Chicago. Mac is a veteran of the NYPD who lost his wife on 9/11, and as such must work to rebuild his personal life while supervising his team. He is organized, efficient, dedicated, and very proper in his management style. His second in command for the first 6 seasons is Detective Stella Bonasera (Melina Kanakaredes), Stella is half-Greek, half-Italian, and entirely New York City. She helped Mac through the impact of his wife's death and has been by his side ever since. She is a savvy investigator, yet she often speaks before she thinks. Stella leaves New York to head a crime lab in New Orleans and is replaced by Detective Jo Danville (Sela Ward). Jo is a former FBI criminalist and an experienced psychological profiler. She and Mac quickly form a strong friendship and an even stronger working rapport. Jo is still haunted by her ousting from the FBI after blowing the whistle on improper lab procedure, so she works to regain her professional reputation. Joining them is younger CSIs Danny Messer (Carmine Giovinazzo), Aiden Burn (Vanessa Ferlito, who has since left the show), Aiden's replacement Lindsay Monroe (Anna Belknap) and medical examiner turned CSI Sheldon Hawkes (Hill Harper). Rounding out the cast is the teams legal muscle Homicide Detective Don Flack (Eddie Cahill), Medical Examiner Sid Hammerback, M.D. (Robert Joy) and lab tech Adam Ross (A. J. Buckley). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 )Summaries A young woman, destined to slay vampires, demons and other infernal creatures, deals with her life fighting evil, with the help of her friends. "In every generation there is a chosen one... she alone will stand against the vampires, the demons and the forces of darkness. She is the slayer." Buffy Summers knows this tale by heart, and no matter how hard she tries to be just a "normal girl", she can not escape from her destiny... Thankfully, she is not alone in her quest to save the world, as she has the help of her friends, the hilarious (and surprisingly quite effective) evil-fighting team called "The Scooby Gang". Together, Buffy & co. will slay their demons, survive one apocalypse after another, attend high school and college... and above all, understand that growing up can truly be Hell sometimes... literally. m_starling It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jawbreaker (1999)431) Three of the most popular girls at Reagan High accidentally kill the prom queen with a jawbreaker when a kidnapping goes horribly wrong. In a no-holds-barred birthday prank, three of Reagan High School's most popular girls - Julie, Marcie, and Courtney - pretend to kidnap the most popular, Liz Purr. Courtney shoves a jawbreaker into the victim's mouth ostensibly to keep her from screaming. Their plan goes awry when the girl accidentally swallows the jawbreaker, choking to death. The cool and calculating Courtney tries to cover the crime but is found out by school geek Fern Mayo. In return for her silence, Courtney transforms the gawky Fern into the stylishly beautiful Vylette, leaving the conscience-stricken Julie out in the cold, threatening to set her up for the girl's murder if she breaks her silence. Jonathan Ruskin (updated by R.M. Sieger) Meet Liz Purr: Friendly. Pretty. And popular. Flash-forward to the morning of her 17th birthday, and you'll find her, terrified, being taken out of her bed, tied-up, and taken to the trunk of the car that her three "best friends" (Courtney, Julie, and Marcie) are riding while Purr has been gagged with a jawbreaker. Everything goes terribly wrong after the three open the trunk and find Liz dead, from choking on the rock hard candy. Courtney is a cold-hearted bitch who couldn't care less about the death. Marcy is like Courtney's shadow who will agree to do anything Courtney says. Julie wants to go to the police but gets a war when Courtney decides to do anything to cover the case up. Anything. Shawn Gilson (updated by R.M. Sieger) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, we are introduced to four high school girls whom are blessed with beauty and charisma. They are known as the "Flawless Four" who are the most popular girls in Reagan High School in southern California. The clique consists of Courtney Shayne (Rose McGowan) known as Satan-in-heels; Marcie Fox (Julie Benz) known as 'Foxy'; Julie Freeman (Rebecca Gayheart); and Elizabeth Purr (Charlotte Ayanna), known as the "Princess Di of Reagan High." Of the four, Elizabeth Purr was the only one who was genuinely kind-hearted and loved by the entire school. Julie was "doomed to be popular because of 'that face' and because she was best friends with Elizabeth Purr". Cold-blooded queen bee Courtney and her airheaded friend, Marcie, demand respect through terror. However, Courtney, Marcie and Julie play a mindless prank on Liz the morning of her seventeenth birthday, by performing a fake kidnapping: They surprise Liz in bed, bind her with ropes (with Courtney ramming a jawbreaker candyball into her mouth to gag her) and cover it with duct tape. The girls trap Liz, dressed only in a shirt and panties, in the trunk of a car, as she struggles and squeals through her gag, and drive off. They plan to take the bound, gagged, and helpless girl to a restaurant and "stuff her face with pancakes". However, upon opening the trunk, they are greeted with the grisly sight of Liz dead, having choked to death by aspirating the jawbreaker into her larynx. Horrified, Julie wants to go to the police but Courtney forbids her. Instead, Courtney calls the school pretending to be Liz's mother and tells them Liz is ill and cannot attend school. To keep up appearances, Courtney, Marcie and Julie then go to school as though nothing had happened. When the principal sends school outcast Fern Mayo (Judy Greer) to deliver Liz's homework at the end of the day, she stumbles upon the three girls and Liz's mangled and decomposing body. Out of jealousy, Courtney fabricates a story that Liz died at the hands of a rapist, and plots to tarnish Liz's good reputation by spreading false rumors that she was actually a rebellious, promiscuous girl, and not the perfect angel she made herself out to be. Fern, who had admired Liz to the point of hero worship, is appalled and attempts to flee the house, but the girls easily catch her. To buy Fern's silence, Courtney accepts Fern into the clique, telling her to take Liz's place. Courtney and Marcie then give her a makeover, transforming her from plain and awkward to elegant and beautiful. Later in the school cafeteria, Courtney introduces Fern as the beautiful exchange student "Vylette." Julie, overwhelmed by guilt at her part in Liz's death, distances herself from the clique, only to be shunned and tormented by her former friends and becomes a new target for abuse throughout the school. Her only real friend during this time is her drama student boyfriend, Zack. Meanwhile, a police detective, Vera Cruz (Pam Grier) begins investigating Liz's death after her body was discovered by her parents who arrived home from a long vacation. With some cooperation from the wary principal Ms. Sherwood (Carol Kane), Detective Cruz interogates all of Liz's friends (Courtney, Marcie, and Julie included). All of them deny knowing anything about Liz's death. Fern/Vylette however comes across as suspicious due to her demeanor. But without any evidence, Cruz allows 'Vylette' to remain free. As Vylette's popularity soars, Julie watches in mute horror as Courtney spins a relentless web of lies, trickery and manipulation to cover up the murder and maintain her popularity at the school. A few days later, Julie learns from Detective Cruz (to her disgust) that after they'd returned Liz's corpse to her house, Courtney went out and seduced a stranger (Marilyn Manson) at a sleazy bar and had sex with him in Liz's bed, making it seem as though he had raped Liz. Meanwhile, Vylette becomes intoxicated with her newfound popularity, which has eclipsed Courtney's own. Realizing she has created a monster, Courtney threatens to reveal the truth about Vylette if she doesn't stop showing off, but Vylette vows she will reveal the whole truth about Liz's death if Courtney attempts to expose her. The next day, an infuriated Courtney and Marcie post enlarged yearbook photos of Fern Mayo all over the school with the message "Who is Vylette?" written on them, revealing Vylette's true identity. Fern is thoroughly humiliated by the entire school and once again reduced to an outcast. Feeling no remorse for the lives she has destroyed, Courtney casually attends the senior prom with her boyfriend, jock Dane Sanders (Ethan Erickson). Julie takes pity on Fern and forgives her for falling under Courtney's influence. Later that night as she sulks in her room, going through a bag of Liz's belongings that were given to her, Julie finds the recording card she was fiddling with when Courtney was faking Liz's death and discovers it has incidentally recorded Courtney's admission to the murder. Struck with an idea, Julie, Fern and Zack all hurry to the prom. Upon seeing them, Courtney, Marcie and a few of their lackeys call Julie and Fern names and try to embarrass them, but it backfires when the girls completely ignore their taunts and go on with their plan. Later on, as Dane and Courtney are announced as Prom King and Queen, Zack sneaks backstage and broadcasts the card message, "I killed Liz! I killed the teen dream! Deal with it!", over the sound system while Courtney is making her acceptance speech. Dane (seized with shock and disgust over the revelation) quickly abandons Courtney. Marcie also runs and hides to distance herself from Courtney. Horrified that her scheme has become unraveled, she races for the exit as the rest of the students pelt her with corsages and call her a murderer. Awaiting Courtney at the very end of the mob is Julie, who gleefully snaps a picture of her former friend's anguished face to immortalize the occasion. 
 John Dies at the End (2012)321) A new street drug that sends its users across time and dimensions has one drawback: some people return no longer human. Can two college drop-outs save humanity from this silent, otherworldly invasion? It's a drug that promises an out-of-body experience with each hit. On the street they call it Soy Sauce, and users drift across time and dimensions. But some who come back are no longer human. Suddenly a silent otherworldly invasion is underway, and mankind needs a hero. What it gets instead is John and David, a pair of college dropouts who can barely hold down jobs. Can these two stop the oncoming horror in time to save humanity? No. No, they can't. David Wong Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with a sequence in which David (Chase Williamson) appears beheading an undead skinhead with an axe, and poses the question about whether an axe that had its handle and head replaced over time, is still the same axe. It then cuts to a Chinese restaurant, where due to the side effects of some "sauce", David describes having had wild hallucinations, but also seeming able to count the grains in a plate of rice, and know details about the rice's origin. At the restaurant, David meets reporter Arnie Blondestone (Paul Giamatti), who supposedly is to help David publish his experiences. The film then follows David's stories as told to Arnie. First, Arnie cynically asks David whether he would describe himself as an exorcist. David tells him that the previous night he and his friend John (Rob Mayes) had attended a late night call from Shelley Morris (Allison Weissman)', who asked them for help, saying she was being harassed by her dead boyfriend. David and John had gone to the girl's house, but while they were talking, they realized they each were seeing different versions of her. When they confronted her with this, she crumbled into snakes, which ended up forming a monster from various meat products from a nearby freezer. The monster said it sought to battle its nemesis, TV show psychic Albert Marconi (Clancy Brown). The boys put the monster on the phone with Marconi, who promptly destroyed the monster over the phone. Back at the restaurant, David, annoyed by Arnie's cynism, attempts to convince him of his abilities by describing the contents of Arnie's pockets, and predicting the outcome of ten throws of a coin. Arnie remains skeptical until David describes in full detail a twisted dream Arnie had the night before. The tale then goes to the night when it all began, a rock gig two years previous, where John is playing with his band. There, David meets his friend Fred Chu (Jimmy Wong), and they witness Amy Sullivan (Fabianne Therese) being teased by wannabe-gangsta Justin White by taking her prosthetic hand away from her. Amy tells David that her dog bit some Jamaican guy and it has now gone missing. When the gig ends, David meets said Jamaican guy, who goes by the name Robert Marley (Tai Bennett), who despite David's skepticism, appears able to not only do strange tricks, but also knows about David's past and possible future. When David goes back to his truck, he finds Amy's missing dog waiting for him near it, which starts following David everywhere from that point on. That night, David gets another late call by John, desperately asking David to come over to his apartment. Upon getting there, David finds John severely delusional, so he decides to take him to a hospital. Before leaving, David takes a syringe with a black liquid, assuming it is what John has been taking, and tucks it into his pocket. John then tells David that he seems to be losing touch with reality, and remembers calling David repeatedly, despite David saying he only got one call. John refuses to go to the hospital and explains that the liquid in the black syringe is called "soy sauce", that he got it from the Jamaican guy, and that using it has given him the ability to see the future and other dimensions. David is in total disbelief, but during the conversation, David's phone rings, and inexplicably it is John calling. David appears overwhelmed and John apologizes for everything that is going to happen. They drive off, and John soon falls unconscious. Shortly afterwards, the syringe in David's pocket accidentally gets stuck into his leg, which causes him to begin having severe hallucinations. After David puts himself back together and drives on, a character named Roger North (Doug Jones) appears in the back of his truck. North appears to be from another dimension, and says he has been studying humanity and David. North tries to get some kind of giant leech on David. David struggles, and when he manages to get rid of the leech, North inexplicably disappears. A detective named Appleton then walks up to David's truck, and takes him and an unconscious John to the police station, where he questions David about what happened earlier that night. During the interrogation, David begins to notice he knows beforehand what Appleton (Glynn Turman) is going to say. Appleton is then called out of the room and when he comes back, he tells David that John has died. Back at the restaurant, Arnie goes back to being skeptical and advises David to publish the story as fiction. David takes Arnie to his truck and shows him an initially empty cage. Instructed to look at the cage from the back of his eye, Arnie sees a raging monster resembling a Japanese spider crab, which appears to convince Arnie that David is telling the truth. Cut back to the police station; Appleton leaves again, and David gets another call from John, who guides him into escaping the police station. Eventually, David goes to his own house, where he meets Justin White (Jonny Weston), who appears possessed by a demon called "Shitload". White tells David he must come with him to a mall, and after David resists, White ends up throwing him in the back of a van, where David rejoins with Fred, Amy and her dog, and the still unconscious John. The dog licks John's hand, which magically causes John to regain consciousness. Once at the mall, White reveals a "ghost door" and explains that Amy is the only one who can open it. Appleton then arrives, kills White, and intends to take the four remaining people away, but as they are leaving, his head explodes, releasing the spirit of Shitload, which then goes into Fred Chu (Jimmy Wong). David shoots Fred and burns him with Appleton's car. They go back into the mall, and Amy opens the magic ghost door with her ghost hand. After David, John and the dog go through it, they meet North again, who reveals to have allied with Marconi. Marconi gives David and John a bomb they are to use to destroy an entity from another dimension named Korrok, which is the cause of all the anomalies they have been experiencing. When David and John enter the portal, they are told their coming was prophesized, that they are in a parallel universe in which Korrok a machine turned sentient apparently revolutionized society, at the expense of its detractors being slaughtered. They are taken to Korrok, and explained that since David and John appear to know how to cross planes, they are supposed to give that knowledge to Korrok by sacrificing themselves to it, so that Korrok's people can cross to their plane and continue to spread Korrok's greatness. After John fails to activate the bomb, it is the dog who ends up reactivating it and jumping into Korrok with it. Upon escaping, David and John meet Marconi, who explains to them that they were only recruited as escorts to the dog, and they were chosen because they would not be seen as a threat. The scene cuts back to David and Arnie at the restaurant. David explains that the dog had become mentally connected with Marconi and North when it bit the Jamaican guy, and that Korrok was probably not destroyed. Arnie agrees to publish David's story, but during their talk David notices that Arnie's self-image does not match what Dave is seeing, to which David concludes that Arnie is a product of his mind. They go to Arnie's car and find Arnie's dead body in the trunk. They then assume that Arnie was killed shortly after he contacted David, to avoid David's experiences being published. Arnie gets really upset about being just a product of David's imagination, so David pops him out of existence. During the end credits, David and John are seen playing basketball in a court, and a portal appears. They cross and they find themselves in a similar court in another strange dimension where two men arrive flying in metallic cones attempt to recruit them to save their universe too. They make an excuse and walk away, uninterested. 