nm0011775:

 Horoob Etirari: Forced Escape (2017)Summaries Follows the escape journey of 4 complete strangers who were accused of a murder they did not commit. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fi shaket Masr El Gedeeda (2007)Summaries Yehia (Khaled Abol Naga) rents an apartment in the Heliopolis suburb of Cairo away from his parents' & close to his Banking & stocks investment work company, to discover that the spirit or ghost! of an ex-tenant Tahany is present in the apartment. Along with the rural girl from Menya Nagwa (Ghada Adel) who knocks on his door one day, He starts a journey to explore more about Tahany or hopefully find her for Nagwa!. The journey explores much more than he expected. webmaster@khaledabolnaga.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kasablanka (2019)Summaries In the context of the excitement and suspense, the film revolves around three friends (Omar al-Murr, Orabi and Rashid) who form a gang to rob the ships. They are charged with a dangerous mission against the mafia men, who steal a large diamond shipment. But Orabi Decides to carry out the operation for his personal account, and runs away to Morocco, and start settling accounts and fierce battles. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Private Alexandria (2005)Summaries Lawyer tries to unveil the mysterious murder and linked emotionally with his Client, and soon the case to reveal more and more surprises. The film opens with the murder of a businessman, his wife accused of killing him power of attorney is a great lawyer to defend them, and having abandoned resort to a handsome lawyer working in the office of the lawyer, it starts young lawyer in the search for the real killer aarmr9 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 