nm0005453:

 Britney Spears: Oops!...I Did It Again (2000 Video)Summaries An astronaut goes to Mars to give Britney a special necklace. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002)431) Upon learning that his father has been kidnapped, Austin Powers must travel to 1975 and defeat the aptly named villain Goldmember, who is working with Dr. Evil. He's found his mojo, baby, and now Austin Powers is back again in this shagadelic comedy-adventure. The "sshhh!" hits the fan when Dr. Evil and Mini-Me escape from prison. Joining forces with the superfreaky Goldmember, they kidnap Austin's father, master spy Nigel Powers, in a dastardly time-travel scheme to take over the world. Before you can say "Shake Your Booty", Austin cruises to 1975 and teams up with sexy Foxxy Cleopatra to stop Dr. Evil and Goldmember from their mischievous mayhem. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Dr. Evil and Mini-Me have somehow escaped from a maximum security prison and the duo team up with Goldmember. Together they formulate a plan for world domination. And this particular scheme requires a large amount of time-travel, and kidnapping Austin Powers' father, England's master spy, Nigel Powers. As Austin chases Dr. Evil, Mini-Me and Goldmember through time, he stops in 1975 to "connect" with an old girlfriend, detective Foxxy Cleopatra, and requests her help to track the villains and save his father. Doug_Funnie Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2002 in a new lair behind the famous Hollywood sign, Dr. Evil outlines his newest plan to his minions: he will go back in time to 1975 and bring back Johan van der Smut, aka "Goldmember", who developed a cold fusion unit for a tractor beam which Dr. Evil names Preparation H, not to be confused by the well known product of the same name - Preparations A thru G had failed earlier. He intends to use the tractor beam to pull a meteor into the Earth to strike the polar ice caps and cause global flooding. However, moments after revealing this plan Austin Powers and the British Secret Service attack and arrest Dr. Evil. Austin is knighted for his services, but is disappointed when his father, the famous super-spy Nigel Powers, fails to attend the event. At a party to celebrate his knighthood he sings a song with the band Ming Tea; later he meets two Japanese twins named Fook Mi and Fook Yu and is about to have a threesome with them when Basil Exposition informs Austin that his father has been kidnapped, the only clue that the crew of his yacht have had their genitalia painted gold. In search of answers, Austin visits the imprisoned Dr. Evil, who tells him that Goldmember is behind the abduction. Traveling to 1975, Austin infiltrates Goldmember's roller disco club Studio 69 and meets up with Foxxy Cleopatra (Beyonc Knowles), an old flame and FBI agent who is undercover as a disco singer. With Foxxy's help, Austin locates his father but is unable to rescue him. Goldmember takes Nigel with him through Dr. Evil's time machine into 2002, and leaves his golden clad henchwomen to kill Austin. Foxxy helps Austin escape, and asks to accompany him to the future in an effort to save his father and exact revenge upon Goldmember for murdering her partner. In 2002, Dr. Evil and Mini-Me instigate a riot in their prison, allowing them to escape. A British Intelligence mole named Number 3 (Fred Savage), who coincidentally has a large mole on his face, informs Austin that the doctor has moved to a new lair near Tokyo a giant submarine shaped like Dr. Evil. Austin and Foxxy fly to Tokyo and confront one of Dr. Evil's henchman, Fat Bastard, now a sumo wrestler. After a humorous fight between Austin and Fat Bastard, Foxxy arrests Fat Bastard who tells them that a Japanese business man, Mr. Roboto, is working on a device for Dr. Evil and Goldmember. Austin and Foxxy later meet with Mr. Roboto, who pleads ignorance about Nigel's whereabouts. Unconvinced, Austin and Foxxy infiltrate Roboto's factory where the command unit for the tractor beam is being loaded in Goldmember's car, and Roboto hands Goldmember a golden key needed to activate the beam. Foxxy confronts Goldmember while Austin attempts to free Nigel, but Goldmember escapes with the command unit and flees to Dr. Evil's sub. Unable to settle their differences, Nigel and Austin part ways when they disagree on how to deal with the situation. Meanwhile, Dr. Evil's son, Scott Evil, has become increasingly evil in an attempt to prove himself to his father, to the point that he too is going bald. Scott presents his father with sharks with laser beams, a request that had gone unfulfilled in the first film. Dr. Evil replaces Mini-Me with Scott as his favored son; the rejected Mini-Me defects and joins Austin. Austin, Foxxy and Mini-Me infiltrate the sub, but Austin is captured. Dr. Evil prepares to activate the tractor beam, but Foxxy has stolen the key and frees Austin. Austin prepares to shoot Dr. Evil, when Nigel appears and reveals Dr. Evil and Austin are brothers, separated when they were toddlers when an assassination attempt killed their mother, and Dr. Evil was found and raised by Belgians. Dr. Evil and Austin embrace, enraging Scott, who flees to pursue his own vengeance, whilst Goldmember commandeers the tractor beam's controls, unzipping his pants to reveal his gold-covered genitals to be a spare key. Goldmember activates the tractor beam, but Austin and Dr. Evil work together to reverse its polarity, destroying the meteor and saving the world. The heroes arrest Goldmember, who turns to the camera to reveal the entire string of events was adapted into a film by Steven Spielberg, starring Tom Cruise as Austin, Kevin Spacey as Dr. Evil, Danny DeVito as Mini-Me, and John Travolta as Goldmember. Austin, Foxxy, Dr. Evil, Mini-Me and Nigel are in the audience of a Hollywood theater watching the film. Upon exiting the theater they bump into Fat Bastard, now normal size thanks to the Subway diet. As Austin and Foxxy kiss, in Dr. Evil's Hollywood lair, Scott now completely bald, dressed like and laughing in a manner similar to his father declares he will get his revenge on Austin and begins dancing like the singer Michael Jackson. 
 Crossroads (I) (2002)321) Three childhood best friends, and a guy they just met, take a road trip across the country, finding themselves and their friendship in the process. Three best friends get together and bury a box, making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation. In the small town in Georgia that they live in, things soon change. One is little miss perfect, one is an engaged prom queen, and the other is a pregnant outcast. On the night of their graduation, they open the box and they strike up a conversation. Suddenly, one brings up the topic of her going to Los Angeles for a record contract audition. They all decide to go together and they leave. With a little money, they set out on the road with a guy named Ben. When one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac, they are all scared of him. When they reach Los Angeles, Lucy (Britney Spears) falls in love with Ben and against her father's wishes, she stays and she goes to the audition. Kara Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three friends (Lucy, Kit and Mimi) get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation. By the time the girls get to high school, things change. One is Little Miss Perfect, one is an engaged prom queen, and the other is a pregnant outcast. The night of graduation, they open the box and start talking again. Mimi brings up the topic of going to Los Angeles for a record contract audition. They all decide to go together, Lucy to visit her mother (Kim Cattrall) in Arizona and Kit to visit her boyfriend named Dylan in Los Angeles, and they set out on the road with little money in a yellow 1969 Buick Skylark convertible with a guy named Ben. When one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac, they are all scared of him. Lucy meets her mother in Tuscon, but her mother is remarried, with two sons. She reveals to Lucy that she never wanted to have her. Lucy then rejoins the other girls and Ben and carries on to Los Angeles. When they arrive, Kit finds out that it was her boyfriend who raped Mimi and got her pregnant, and she punches him. Scared, Mimi falls down the stairs and loses her baby. Lucy and Ben fall in love, and against her father's wishes, she stays in Los Angeles and goes to the audition 
 Britney Spears: Criminal (2011 Video)321) Britney Spears music video for her hit single "Criminal". After getting beat up by her obnoxious rich-guy boyfriend at a swanky party, Britney chooses to go with a rough criminal who came to her rescue, and together, a la Bonnie and Clyde, they rob a store, get pursued, and cornered, by the police, but miraculously, inexplicably, survive a hail of bullets while locked in a passionate embrace, racing away afterward. RavenGlamDVDCollector, ElectricLadyLand Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At a swanky party, all chandeliers and fancy dress, Britney's privileged, rich-guy boyfriend shows his true colors by deriding her, for looking bored, in public, there on the dancefloor.. Humiliated, she rushes herself off for a pitstop to the bathroom. As she returns, he is chatting up another girl (fringe hairstyle young fox Carmelle Rudder ). She retaliates by making a snide comment likening this rival to a prostitute. "So you're not working the street corner tonight, I see?" This earns her a punch from her irate boyfriend as soon as he gets her aside. From the shadows, a vengeful outsider appears, smacking down the undeserving boyfriend, giving him his just desserts. From here on, she becomes this guy's girlfriend. On the back of his motorcycle, zooming down a tunnel, "Mama, I'm in love with a criminal..." In bed with her hunky boyfriend. Lingerie, wispy, revealing, she is hot, and loves to show off for us. He introduces her to handling a firearm. "He is a killer with a gun, gun, gun..." And she is the one smuggling the pistol into the store that they hold up together, a la Bonnie and Clyde. "Mama, please don't cry, I will be alright..." Getaway car, post-victory sex. Inevitably, the police catches up with them, the force close in, and there is a hail of bullets while the two of them embrace. Inexplicably, they do survive, and are seen racing away, fleeing on his motorcycle. The commanding police officer lamely snarls "The suspects have left the building." No doubt towards another steamy, passionate encounter. "Mama, I'm in love with a criminal..." 