nm0007834:

 Burnt Money (2000)Summaries Nene & Angel and their accomplice Cuervo participate in a botched bank robbery in 1965 Buenos Aires, then hide out from the police in Uruguay while the gang breaks down. Burnt Money, is set in Argentina in 1965. This true story follows the tumultuous relationship between two men who became lovers and ultimately ruthless bank robbers in a notoriously famous footnote in the annals of Argentinian crime history. Nene, Angel and Cuervo are bank robbers who flee from Argentina across the border to Uruguay after a large-scale hold-up that turns bloody. Angel is hurt and the three must lay low until Angel recovers. Nene and Angel are known to everyone they know as "the twins" because of their resemblance, but the two are not brothers at all - they are involved in a steamy homosexual relationship. To get back to Argentina, the group must first wait for Fontana, the brains behind the robbery, to arrange for passports. Anxious from hiding, Cuervo decides to break curfew and go party. After Nene and Angel also decide to take off, Nene meets a prostitute named Giselle and Angel ends up getting in a fight. The group is forced to abandon their refuge and Angel and Nene decide to move in with Giselle. However, the sexual attraction between Nene and Angel burns too strongly and when Nene gets hostile with Giselle and kicks her out, she goes straight to the police to snitch on the group. It's not long before police are surrounding the building and the fate of Nene and Angel appears to be sealed. Based on the true, spectacular 1965 crime spree which held Argentina & Uruguay hostage in a two-month stage of terror, Plata Quemada tells the story of Angel and Sam. These two young, sexy and inseparable killers are known as "Los Mellizos" in Spanish. The film is an action thriller of the exploits and red-hot passion of the two thugs. Not only unstoppable criminals, the two young men are also passionate gay lovers. The film is a recreation of their now-legendary story. GMeleJr It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Intimate Stories (2002)Summaries Three people and a baby set off on separate journeys, along the same road; their disparate dreams and stories intertwine amidst the breathtaking deserted Patagonic route. Near the provincial town of San Julian, three vibrant characters undertake seemingly mundane journeys that turn out to be subtly life changing. A lonely, fastidious traveling salesman quests for the perfect cream cake to win the widow of his dreams. A grizzly grandfather hitchhikes to town to find his forgotten lost dog and seek forgiveness. A poor young mother hopes to win the grand prize--a microprocessor--as a contestant on a TV game show. In the end, the three will get more or less what they set out for, but it will come to them in ways that they never expected. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kamchatka (2002)Summaries The film is seen through the eyes of a ten-year-old boy, Harry (Matas del Pozo), who does not know that Argentina's 1976 coup d'tat is impacting his life. After witnessing the "disappearance" of dissident friends, a human rights lawyer (Ricardo Darn) and his research scientist wife (Cecilia Roth) flee the city and hide from the military police in a vacant summer house. With them are their two kids: Harry, who is fascinated with the escape artistry of Harry Houdini, and El Enano, his little brother. (Translated as "Little Guy" in the English subtitles, played by Milton de la Canal. The actual translation is "dwarf".) The family adopts new identities and attempts to lead a normal life. Later, they are joined by a student who is using the alias Lucas (Toms Fonzi). Their new life is difficult, but a visit with their estranged grandparents (Fernanda Mistral and Hctor Alterio) reveals that they are still a close-knit family. Subtly hinted, however, and used as a metaphor, is the mother's constant smoking and El Enano's renewed bed-wetting. Both serve to show how stressful and precarious their situation is. http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kamchatka_(film) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Aura (2005)541) A deluded taxidermist plans the perfect crime. In Buenos Aires, the epileptic taxidermist Esteban Espinosa is a painstaking man that likes to plot the perfect heist. When his wife leaves him, he accepts the invitation of his friend Sontag to hunt in a forest. They rent a cabin owned by Diana Dietrich and her husband Carlos Dietrich but soon they have an argument and Sontag returns to Buenos Aires. Esteban stays alone and while hunting a deer, he accidentally kills Dietrich near a shed. Esteban opens the shed and finds a plan for the heist of an armored truck. When he returns to the cabin, he stumbles with the criminals Sosa and Montero that are seeking out Dietrich. Now Esteban has the chance to execute the perfect crime he has dreamt on. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A quiet, cynic taxidermist, who suffers epilepsy attacks, is obsessed with committing the perfect crime. He claims that the cops are too stupid to find out about it when it's well executed, and that the robbers are too stupid to execute it the right way; and that he could do it himself relying on his photographic memory and his strategic planning skills. After he is invited on a hunting trip away from his home, an accident gives him the chance of his life: the possibility to commit the perfect crime he has been waiting for. nachi- Espinoza is a shy taxidermist who secretly dreams of executing the perfect robbery. On his first ever hunting trip, in the calm of the Patagonian forest, his dreams are made reality with one squeeze of the trigger. Espinoza accidentally kills a man who turns out to be a real criminal and inherits his scheme: the heist of an armored van carrying casino profits. Caught up in a world of complex new rules and frightening violence, Espinoza's lack of experience puts him in real danger. And he has another, more dangerous liability: he is an epileptic. Before each seizure he is visited by the ''aura'': a paradoxical moment of confusion and enlightenment where the past and future seem to blend. These attacks appear without notice when he least expects them, just when he needs all his wits about him... celluloid-dreams official distribution company. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. El Aura, sinopsis Esteban tiene una memoria fotogrfica y ha ideado un plan para asaltar una escolta de remesas de dinero observando como se comportan los guardias de seguridad y una infinidad de pequeos detalles que le permitiran realizar un asalto en 60 segundos justos sin disparar ni un tiro. l no es del tipo rudo, capaz de llevar el plan a la accin, pero la casualidad lo lleva descubrir el plan concreto elaborado por un cazador en un rea remota donde funciona un casino que enva fuertes sumas en un camin blindado; las coincidencias lo van llevando hasta que conoce a los cmplices del cazador, ahora muerto, y lo suplanta. Se presenta la oportunidad para llevar el atraco a cabo. El punto dbil de Esteban es que padece de ataques epilpticos... 