nm0003246:

 Hide and Seek (1997)Summaries Eight high school seniors, long-time friends, sneak into a large photo studio for an all-night party prior to graduation. They plan to play games they played when they were kids. Innocent kissing games played in seventh grade take on new meaning on the verge of adulthood. Startling revelations emerge during a game of truth. Loyalties change. Relationships realign. All the night's emotion and passion erupts in the stunning final sequence, a game of "Hide and Seek" like you've never seen before. David Stephens <info@remingtonyork.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dust to Dust (1994)Summaries Sampson Moses, the corrupt mayor of Brambles, Texas, hires a deadly gunfighter to remove orphaned landowner Billy, since a railroad company wants his land. Tough lawyer Neil Morris tries to settle things peacefully to no avail. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 She Fought Alone (1995 TV Movie)Summaries A girl finds herself shamed in her small rural town after being raped by a football player. Her boyfriend, her mother and her lawyer all try their best to protect her, but will the local high school put a stop to the harassment? A young high school student is raped by a classmate. However, when word of the crime gets out, instead of condemning the rapist--a member of the school's championship football team--the other students jeer at and humiliate her, call her a "slut", accuse her of instigating the rape and pressure her to keep her mouth shut so the football team will still be able to play. frankfob2@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Harvester (1996 Video Game)Summaries Amnesiac named Steve wakes up in a strange little town called Harvest, a place seemingly straight out of 1950s Americana but with a noticeably eerie and twisted pitch black dark side, that's preparing for the annual festival of blood. Tongue-in-cheek point and click horror adventure game in the form of a violent, perverse and grotesque dark satire on violent video games and the moral panic they cause. A man wakes up one morning in a house he doesn't recognize and quickly realizes he's suffering from amnesia. He finds a rude little boy sitting in front of the TV with his cowboy hat on watching westerns while occasionally saying something negative about the Native Americans. The boy refers to the man as Steve and calls him his big brother. Steve has no memory of the boy but the boy doesn't believe in his amnesia story calling him a big kidder. Steve then meets his mother in the kitchen, a typical 1950s housewife with chauvinist views on the role of women in society. He has no memory of her either, but she insists that he's her son and that he's about to get married to a girl called Stephanie . He visits the girl and realizes she's the only other person in town who believes him, since she also has no memory of how she got there and doesn't recognize anyone there including her family either. Steve soon learns that a festival of blood is approaching and that he needs to join the town's secret society, whose headquarter is a dark tower in the center of the city, before this happens. After some solving puzzles, looking for a missing child and uncovering a string of strange brutal deaths, Steve realizes that he may not like the answers he finds and that the price that must be payed at the end of his quest might be too high. Although the game for the most part uses typical point and click adventure game gameplay mechanics, once Steve enters the dark tower, the game becomes a point and click action game. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 