nm0005255:

 The Hot Chick (2002)651) An attractive and popular teenager, who is mean-spirited toward others, finds herself in the body of an older man, and must find a way to get back to her original body. Jessica Spencer is the hottest, most popular girl in high school. Jessica, her best friend April, and a couple of other hot girls Lulu and Keecia visit the mall to hang out and do some shopping. They enter a new age store, where they check out a pair of ancient earrings. Unbeknownst to Jessica, these are magical ones set in ancient Abyssinia. A princess known as Princess Nawa is disgusted by the groom of her arranged marriage and switches bodies with a slave girl by means of an enchanted set of earrings. Since the earrings are not for sale, Jessica steals them. But the next morning she gets a big dose of reality when she wakes up in the body of a 30-something lowlife male, Clive, a career criminal. Clive finds himself in Jessica's body. Now it's up to Jessica (in Clive's body) to find a way to get her body back, while Clive (in Jessica's body) takes advantage of his new body to set in motion a crime spree to put the blame on Jessica! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> A "popular yet mean-spirited" teenage girl wakes up one day to find herself turned into a man in his 30's (Schneider). Along the way to finding out how she ended up like that (and how to get back into her own body), she discovers how shallow and cruel she's always been... Anonymous Jessica Spencer, a somewhat mean spirited, popular and beautiful teenager, switches bodies with gas station robber Clive Maxtone one night and wakes up the next morning in his body. Freaked out, she must get her best friend April and two friends Lulu and Keecia to help her figure out what caused this. Along the her journey as a man, she discovers how mean she was and attempts to fix it while trying to get her boyfriend to believe its her. Anonymous Jessica Spencer is a popular, but cruel and spoiled high school cheerleader who wakes up one day in the body of a 30-something man after having switched bodies with a petty crook, named Clive, thanks of a pair of mystical earings Jessica stole from a occult shop, one of which ends up in Clive's posession. Now Jessica (in Clive's body) must find a way get her/his body back while learning first-hand the values and cons of being a man, while Clive (in Jessica's body) takes advantage of his/her new body to set in motion a crime spree to put the blame on Jessica. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jessica (Rachel McAdams), the hot chick, is an over indulged, spoiled but extremely beautiful teenage girl who isn't used to hearing the word "no". Given this character flaw, when Jessica and her friends, her fellow hot chicks, go shopping at the mall, she steals some earrings from a metaphysical store after being told they're not for sale. Unknown to her, the earrings carry a centuries old curse and this is where the fun begins. While pumping gas and admiring her new earrings, Rob Schneider (his character isn't given a name) is robbing the gas station. When he waits on Jessica's car to speed his getaway, she drops an earring which is promptly picked up by criminal Rob. That evening, they both put an earring in their earlobe and while they sleep, their bodies trade places. Now we have Jessica (Rob Schneider) working towards convincing people he/she's not who they think he/she is and the now criminal in a woman's body has discovered he/she has a marketable quality in the form of being a "hot chick". As hard as Rob Schneider's Jessica is working towards reversing the curse, Rachel McAdams' criminal is working just as hard to use it before he/she loses it, including shaking it on a stage for dollar bills. Rob Schneider plays a great hot chick - Rachel McAdams plays a great criminal looking for the next score/scam. Everything these two go through being in the other person's body is funny and indicative of the oddball Schneider's usual fare. While this was never destined to be Oscar worthy, it's definitely just under two hours of escape, smiles and laughter. 
 Seventeen Again (2000 TV Movie)Summaries While divorced and bickering grandparents watch their grandchildren, a lab experiment gone awry transforms the elders into teenagers again. Gene and Cat have been divorced for several years. They are both visiting their son and grandchildren, Sydney and Willie. Willie's a genius who develops a formula that makes who uses it young again. It inadvertently spills into some soap that Willie places in the guest room. When Gene and Cat use it they finds themselves 17 again. Willie has to find a way to reverse the process. But will Gene and Cat want to be old again? <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Twitches Too (2007 TV Movie)321) After using their powers to battle the forces of darkness, the sisters settle down to lead normal lives. However, the discovery that their biological father may not be dead, but residing in New York, causes confusion for the pair. Newly reunited twin witches Alex and Camryn go on a quest to find out if their missing father is still alive and trapped in the Shadowlands. Can these two thoroughly modern princesses with polar opposite personalities join together to save the day? Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Real-life sisters Tia and Tamera Mowry reprise their roles as recently reunited teen witches in "Twitches Too" the sequel to 2005's #1 rated TV movie among kids age 6-14, "Twitches." After discovering their magical powers, the sisters now begin to learn more about their destiny, even though they have two different agendas in mind. Bubbly and chirpy Camryn wants to embrace the royal lifestyle in the enchanting land of Coventry, while humble and studious Alex just wants to start her college life. Still, while trying to adjust to each other and their differences, a familiar enemy lurks close by and evidence surfaces that their missing father, Aron, may still be alive. 
 Sister, Sister (19941999)Summaries Tia Landry and Tamera Campbell are twins separated at birth who learn of each other's existence and come together as teenagers. Tia and Tamera Mowry play twins who were separated at birth and by chance meet each other in a shopping mall. Ray Campbell, Tamera's adopted father, is very different from Tia's adopted mother, Lisa Landry, but the twins don't want to be separated so Ray and Lisa end up living together. The series often focuses on the trouble the twins get into due to their identical appearance and the love-hate relationship between Lisa and Ray. Ondre Lombard <olombard@lombard.cyberverse.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 