nm0005489:

 Summer School (1987)651) Freddy the gym teacher has to teach remedial English in summer (high) school, if he wants tenure. As he can only teach gym and his students want fun, emphasis is on "field trips" - until he's fired unless all his students pass the test. A high-school gym teacher has big plans for the summer, but is forced to cancel them to teach a "bonehead" English class for misfit goof-off students. Fortunately, his unconventional brand of teaching fun field trips begins to connect with them, and even inspires ardor in some. Steve Derby <sderby@sdeco.com> Mr. Freddy Shoop, the high school coach, is as unenthusiastic as the weakest pupils when the vice-principal forces him to take charge of the dreaded summer school program. Shoop tries to bribe the pupils, but gets to know and understand them better, even comes to care for their futures when helped by a motivated colleague he has a crush on. KGF Vissers Freddy Shoop, a high school Phys Ed teacher at Oceanfront High School, chose teaching as a profession solely because he thought it would be an easy job, having the entire summer off. He does not take his job seriously. Just before he is to head off on his summer vacation to Hawaii with his girlfriend Kim, he is blackmailed by the school's Vice-Principal, the officious Phil Gills, to teach the remedial English class during summer school. The class is populated by a bunch of underachievers, who have just failed the English skills test, which they have to retake and pass at the end of their summer school term. Like the regular school year, Freddy doesn't take this job seriously, which is made all the more easy for him as the students don't seem to care. Gills extends that blackmail to make Freddy need to care with his status as tenured teacher, the review for which is for this upcoming school year, on the line. The students need to pass the test as a collective or else he loses not only that tenure, but his job, period. Beyond Gills' threats, Freddy has to find a way to motivate the students. In the end, he may find that getting his students to pass the test to keep his job may not be his primary goal. Through it all, Robin Bishop is literally by his side as the American History teacher in the class next to his. Beyond Robin wanting to see the students and Freddy succeed, Freddy has in mind her as a replacement for Kim as his girlfriend, which may be difficult as Robin is already dating another man, namely Gills. Huggo When the teacher who is suppose to teach the Summer remedial class, decides not to do it. The Vice-Principal, who is responsible for Summer School, ropes Freddy Shoop into teaching it, and he is not an academic teacher. And all of the students are not exactly willing to meet him half way. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At Ocean Front High School in Los Angeles, it is the last day of school before summer vacation. The gym teacher, Freddy Shoop (Mark Harmon), could not care less about his job and is ready to vacation in Hawaii with his young girlfriend, Kim. Students get called to the office by the Vice Principal, Phil Gills (Robin Thomas) whom are told to attend summer school. The original remedial English teacher (Carl Reiner) wins the lottery and immediately quits his job. Gills has no choice but to give the job of teaching summer school to Shoop. Gills implies that not taking the job could keep him from getting tenure. As a result, Shoop has little choice but to stay in California, and Kim goes off to Hawaii without him. On the first day, Shoop meets Robin Bishop (Kirstie Alley), who is teaching next door. Shoop falls head over heels for her, but she is already dating Gills. Shoop's first day is a disaster. Most of the students ditch and one hulking student named Jerome (Duane Davis) "goes to the lavatory" and is never seen again along with most of the others who ditch. Yet, a small group stays behind whom include: the day-dreaming and easily distracted Pam (Courtney Thorne-Smith); "nocturnal" Larry, who happens to be a male stripper (Ken Olandt); football jock Kevin (Patrick Labyorteaux)' pregnant Rhonda (Shawnee Smith); geeky Alan (Richard Steven Horvitz), whose older siblings are all straight-A students ("There must have been a baby mix-up at the hospital"); dyslexic Denise (Kelly Jo Minter) and two horror-film-obsessed underachievers, Dave (Gary Riley) and Francis, a.k.a. 'Chainsaw' (Dean Cameron) whom all are required to take remedial English. That same day, Gills brings in a beautiful Italian transfer student, Anna-Maria (Fabiana Udenio), who will be learning English as well, much to the delight of Dave and Chainsaw. After the leftover students attempt to ditch as well, Shoop admits he has no idea how to teach. They spend their first few days having fun and going to the beach, a theme park and the petting zoo until Gills finds out. Gills threatens to fire Shoop unless his students pass the end-of-term test. Shoop promises each kid a favor if they study. The kids agree, so Shoop agrees to give Denise driving lessons as well as help with her dyslexia; he accompanies Rhonda to Lamaze classes; he gives Kevin football lessons; he allows Dave to throw a party in his house (destroying his couch in the process); he gives Larry a bed in the classroom; he lets Chainsaw arrange a screening of the original 'The Texas Chain Saw Massacre' in his class; and he allows Pam to move in with him for the summer since she is neglected at home. However, the laid back Shoop has no idea how to teach. Robin tells him to make teaching fun. Over the next few weeks, Shoop begins to grow closer to his kids. They study hard to write their English basic skills exam, they are still worried that Gills is going to fire Shoop unless all his students pass. One day, Shoop is arrested and sent to jail when he covers for Chainsaw and Dave after they are found in possession of alcohol while hanging around the beach. Robin and Gills bail him out. At his court hearing, a sympathic judge, seeing that Shoop was willing to go to jail for his students, drops all the charges against him. Afterwords, Gills then inadvertently exposes his true self to Robin when he states that he cares nothing for Shoop or his students and she overhears him. She storms off angrily. A few days later, Larry is fired from his stripper job when he is found out first by his aunt (who kisses him... with tongue) and then by his mother (after she puts five dollars in his g-string) whom apparently attended one of his shows. The students make more demands on Shoop and he quits his job in anger. He is then convinced to come back when his students start feeling guilty about what they did and they scare off Shoop's replacement with a series of stunts eerily reminiscent of 'The Texas Chain Saw Massacre' thanks to the makeup and prostetic gore effects that Chainsaw and Dave throw to show themselves off. Shoop and his students then begin preparing for the test in earnest. Finally, the day arrives, and Shoop is suprised when Jerome, the student who "went to the lavatory" six weeks earlier, finally returns to the class to take the test, with his only explanation being, "My zipper got stuck." He ends up getting the highest score in the class with a 91%. The exam goes smoothly despite Rhonda going into labor near the end (at least now she has grounds for a makeup). Not all pass, so Gills is ready to follow through with his firing threat. However, the parents of the students come to Shoop's defense when they arrive at the school to protest to Gilles not to fire Shoop. Because of the students' great improvement, Principal Kelban (Francis X. McCarthy) grants Shoop tenure for his positive effect. Shoop and Robin end up happily together; a la 'From Here to Eternity', they kiss in the surf. 
 Melrose Place (19921999)44) Classic serial drama around a group of friends living in Melrose Place, California. The lives and loves of a group of young adults living in "Melrose Place" in California. Each with their own dreams and drives, the inevitable conflicts, conquests, and consummations ensue. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> This Aaron Spelling series -with characteristic attractive, but not (yet) famous, casting- is set in and named after an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, just affordable -even if some take a roommate- for a number of tweens who hope to start their adult life from there in the huge metropolis. The early tenants include Billy Campbell, an optimistic, pleasant would be-writer, Allison Parker, a neurotic-anal employee who has a love-hate-relationship with him, Matt Fielding, a noble gay social worker, Dr. Michael Mancini who also acts as (unqualified) superintendent, his partner Jane Andrews whose ambition is in fashion, handy-man Jake Hanson -also the artificial link with Spelling hit series Beverly Hills 90210- and photographer Jo Reynolds. At first it focuses on their neighborly and amical/amorous relationships, but as they get started in life their professional lives introduce new story lines, lovers and other characters, some of which become very important and/or move in, such as Michael's hospital rival Peter Burns, Billy and Allison's boss Amanda Woodward, Jane's crazy sister Sidney and many others, so the series evolves from a young soap to a mix of more dramatical stories, including adultery, divorce, even violent crimes. KGF Vissers Set in an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, Melrose Place was originally a spin-off from Beverly Hills 90210, but when its initial formula of looking at the lives of a group of well-meaning, attractive 20-somethings failed to get high ratings, writers introduced conflict in the form of less moral characters (notably Amanda Woodward played by Heather Locklear). Ratings improved, and storylines became more and more outrageous: characters coming back from the dead, multiple personalities, a bomb destroying the apartment complex. By the end of Season 4, story-lines appeared to tend towards being more "grounded", however. Paul Baker <bakerjp@unix.lancs.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 According to Jim (20012009)Summaries A television show centered around a macho everyman, his loving wife, and their three precocious children. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ally McBeal (19972002)Summaries Follows the personal and professional life of lawyer Ally. Ally McBeal and Billy Thomas were going steady throughout their childhoods. Ally even followed Billy to Harvard law school despite having no interest in law. But when Billy chose to pursue a career in law away from Ally, their relationship came to an end. In the present, an old classmate of Ally's named Richard Fish gives Ally a job at his law firm, where Billy and his new wife are also working. This puts Ally in a predicament since she still has feelings for Billy which she's laboring to get over. At the office, Ally puts up with a nosy, gossiping secretary named Elaine, and an oddball lawyer named John Cage never seems to lose a case. At home, Ally's friend and house-mate Rene regularly advises her on her love life. The series follows Ally's trials and tribulations in life through her eyes, and caricaturizes her personal thoughts and fantasies. Ondre Lombard <olombard@lombard.cyberverse.com> Ally McBeal is a single young lawyer looking for love and fullfillment in life. She works for a Boston Law firm with her ex-lover and his wife, a money loving boss and an annoying receptionist. With all that is going on she must contend with her feelings and her over active imagination. Losman <losman@express-news.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 