nm0006473:

 Edgemont (20002005)Summaries The kids of Edgemont are faced with issues that happen in their lives, whether the issues are racism, homosexuality, or discrimination. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ripper (2001)Summaries A massacre survivor (A.J. Cook) studies serial killers under a famous expert (Bruce Payne), but her classmates soon start dying at the hands of a Jack the Ripper copycat. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rush (2014)Summaries Doctor William Rush is not your average on-call professional. He's not attached to any hospital, he's highly discreet -- no matter the ailment, his clients must pay a cash-only premium, and the doctor can party with the best of them. Doctor William Rush is not your average on-call professional. He's not attached to any hospital, he's highly discreet -- no matter the ailment, his clients must pay a cash-only premium, and the doctor can party with the best of them. Dr. Rush has no desire to change his life or how he lives it, until an old flame and his conscience begin to stir things up. USA Networks It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lucille's Ball (2013)Summaries Lucille comes of sexual age in the rebellious 1970s. Determined to take advantage of the new freedom offered by The Pill, she explores and experiments with women and men, straight and gay, at home and abroad. As her careen as a musician advances, Lucille's wild lifestyle and haunting past derail her. With the support of her gay roommate and her first woman lover, she puts her ghosts to rest and comes into her own. When she decides she wants to have a baby, she encounters obstacles that require innovative solutions that test her lover's loyalty. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 