nm0008570:

 Perro amor (1998)Summaries The story of two lovers: Antonio and Camila, who are cousins and have grown together, playing with each other's life and love. They became lovers, who find passion and love, as two feelings that can provide them with lots of adventures and bets, never to be taken seriously. This time, Camila (Isabella Santodomingo) decides to go a little further on her bet with Antonio (Julin Arango) and challenges him to sleep with Sofa (Danna Garca), a beautiful, young, sincere woman, who immediately falls in love with handsome Antonio. Disregarding any respect for her feelings, Antonio then decides that he must also marry her and control her, but never admitting to Camila, his real feelings for Sofa. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Yo soy Betty, la fea (19992001)Summaries An outcast in a prominent fashion company, a sweet-hearted and unattractive assistant falls hopelessly in love with her boss. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 En los tacones de Eva (2006 )Summaries Juan Camilo Caballero is a chauvinistic womanizer who will assume the identity of 'Eva', learning to be a woman in order to clear his name and regain the love of Isabella, the woman he truly loves. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El fantasma del Gran Hotel (2009 )Summaries Amrico Esquivel, the owner of the Gran Hotel, is tortured to death by his own employees, who want to seize the treasure that the old man hides. Irene Buenaventura goes to work as an elevator operator at the old hotel, but her true mission is to discover the culprits of Amrico's death using her ability to communicate with the dead. There she falls in love with Miguel Toro, hired by the assassins to find the treasure, without knowing the truth about Don Amrico. Love between them will only be possible when they manage to overcome the stalking of the living and the secrets kept by the dead who inhabit the Grand Hotel. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 