nm0005433:

 The Love Guru (2008)321) Pitka, an American raised outside of his country by gurus, returns to the States in order to break into the self-help business. His first challenge is to settle the romantic troubles and subsequent professional skid of a star hockey player whose wife left him for a rival athlete. Born in America, but raised in Havemahkeeta in India, with a population of 76, Maurice had always to better Deepak Chopra, and be sexually active, ever since he was 12. His Guru, Tugginmypudha, while approving of Deepak, cautions Maurice and has a chastity belt put around his waist, much to Maurice's chagrin. Years later, Maurice has established himself as Guru Pitka in America, but would like to appear in the Oprah Show and be better than Deepak Chopra. When Jane Bullard from the the Toronto Maple Leafs hires him to counsel their star hockey player, Darren Roanoke, to win back his wife, Prudence, from Kings' star player, Jacques Grande, and also stand up to his dominating mother, Lilian, he agrees to do so - with hilarious results. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Darren Roanoke (Romany Malco), the star player of the Toronto Maple Leafs, is suffering from stress because his wife, Prudence Roanoke (Meagan Good), has left him for Jacques "Le Coq" Grand (Justin Timberlake). The stress causes his hand to shake, which affects his hockey performance. Jane Bullard (Jessica Alba) enlists the support of Guru Maurice Pitka (Mike Myers) to help Darren with his stress so that the team can hopefully break their losing streak. In addition to getting a considerable payment, Pitka would be invited to Oprah Winfrey's show, which he hopes would help him become the #1 guru, a place currently held by Deepak Chopra. Pitka succeeds, but feels no need anymore to become #1, more important is his love for Bullard. However, in connection with a vow Guru Tugginmypudha gave him a chastity belt. He returns to him to have it removed. Tugginmypudha agrees that it can be removed now, and explains how to do that; to Pitka's surprise no key is needed. 
 Newlyweds: Nick & Jessica (20032005)Summaries "Newlyweds" follows the lives of pop stars Nick Lachey and Jessica Simpson in the same way "The Osbournes" follows Ozzy's clan. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Employee of the Month (2006)431) A slacker competes with a repeat winner for the "Employee of the Month" title at work, in order to gain the affections of a new female employee. Slacker Zack Bradley works as a box boy at Super Club, a warehouse club store. It is the lowest in the job hierarchy at the store. He doesn't work very hard at his job, and along with some of his fellow employee friends treats the store like his playground. Regardless, he is well liked by most of the other employees. He used to be hard working, when he was developing a dot com, but he lost all his and his grandmother's money in the process. As such, he decided not to take any risks in life while he now lives with her so as to provide her with what he considers at least a more reliable life. On the other extreme is Vince Downey, who lords an air of superiority over his fellow employees as the store's head cashier. He lives to be the store's best employee solely so that he can be named Employee of the Month, which he has been named seventeen months in a row. If he is named Employee of the Month for a record eighteenth time in a row, he will be rewarded with entrance into the corporation's management track program and a new car. Zack decides he wants to break Vince's streak if only because he reads in the employment record of recent transfer, the pretty Amy Renfro, that she had a thing at her previous store for men who have been named Employee of the Month. Zack finds that working toward being Employee of the Month is not as easy as he thought, especially as Vince will not relinquish the title and all its perks without a fight, dirty or not. Zack has to decide how far he is willing to go to get the title and the girl. Huggo At Super Club, a large warehouse store, the employees strive to obtain the "Employee of the Month" award with the benefits of having their picture featured on the wall of fame in the staff lounge. Zack Bradley, a box boy, and Vince Downey, a cashier, are two competitive Super Club employees. Vince has become head cashier of the store and winner of seventeen consecutive "Employee of the Month" awards. Zack, on the other hand, is a slacker but is popular with his colleagues. Zack has not won any "Employee of the Month" awards and has no desire to except when Amy, a new cashier who only dates "Employee of the Month" winners, transfers to the store. Zack and Vince compete to get Amy's attention through competition and courtship. Vince attempts to impress Amy with skills as a cashier and his seventeen "Employee of the Month" awards, while Zack attempts to use several methods of charm and comedy to win her affection. After realizing that Amy is falling for Vince, Zack believes his only chance to get her is to win Super Club's next "Employee of the Month" award. Wikipedia Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vince Downey (Dax Shepard) is the head cashier and winner of 17 consecutive Employee of the Month awards at Super Club. If he wins one more Employee of the Month, he will be put in the Super Club's Hall of Fame and win a new-'ish' car. Zack Bradley (Dane Cook), who is the ultimate slacker, has been working at Super Club for 10 years, and is still at the bottom job, working as a box boy. Then Amy (Jessica Simpson) enters the picture; she is a new cashier transferring in from another Super Club store. Amy has a reputation of dating men who have won Employee of the Month at the other store, Vince and Zack want to date Amy, so the fight is on to win Employee of the Month! Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 The Dukes of Hazzard (2005)651) Cousins Bo, Luke, and Daisy Duke, and their uncle Jesse, egg on the authorities of Hazzard County, Boss Hogg and Sheriff Coltrane. In Georgia's dusty Hazzard County, the close-knit Duke cousins, Bo and Luke, deliver Uncle Jesse's fine moonshine. Zooming down the rough backwoods on their powerful muscle-car--the tangerine 1969 Dodge Charger, General Lee--the boys easily outrun the corrupt county commissioner Boss Hogg's forces, and his loyal henchman, Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane. However, when the clan of moonshiners are left with nothing, only Bo, Luke, and Daisy Duke can save their farm, as the day of the annual road rally approaches. Can the Dukes of Hazzard beat Hogg's champion, Billy Prickett, save the day, and their beloved home? Nick Riganas Bo and Luke Duke are southern cousins. In Hazzard County, Bo and Luke help their Uncle Jesse and their sexy cousin Daisy run the Moonshine business and always getting into trouble with Sherriff Roscoe P. Coltrane and recklessly driving in their orange car "General Lee". Boss Hogg, the mean and corrupt local county commissioner who hates The Dukes evicts The Dukes from their farm. Bo and Duke travels to Atlanta and meets up with old friend Katie Johnson and her friend Annette as they set out to find out why Boss Hogg has evicted them from their farm and what he plans to do. With local ace race car driver Billy Prickett in town to take part in the Annual Hazzard Road Race rally, Bo and Luke sets out to save their farm and foil Boss Hogg's scheme. Daniel Williamson Cousins Bo and Luke Duke, with the assistance of their sexy cousin Daisy and Uncle Jesse, must save the Duke family farm from destruction by the town's corrupt and evil commissioner Boss Hogg. Their efforts constantly find the "Duke Boys" eluding authorities in "The General Lee", the boys' orange 1969 Dodge Charger that keeps them one step ahead of the dimwitted antics of the small southern town's Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane. Alex Madison <RockyHorrorExorcist2905> In Hazzard County, the cousins Bo Duke and Luke Duke find that the corrupt Boss Hogg is plotting the destruction of the location, intending to transform the lands in a huge coal mine. Hogg diverts the dwellers with a rally to hide the judgment of his plea in court. Bo and Luke, assisted by their delicious cousin Daisy, Bo's car General Lee and their Uncle Jesse, fight to save the town from the claws of Boss Hogg and the also corrupt Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane and their men. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cousins Bo (Seann William Scott), Luke (Johnny Knoxville), and Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) have returned with the General Lee (1969 Dodge Charger) to the big screen. Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) is still making the best moonshine in Hazzard County, Georgia, with Bo and Luke making deliveries. Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane (M.C. Gainey) is still trying to catch Bo and Luke running moonshine in the General Lee. Bo and Luke discover that the crooked county commissioner, Boss Hogg (Burt Reynolds) has illegally been taking their neighbors land, and the Dukes family farm is next. The Dukes have a plan to save their farm and the town of Hazzard from becoming a coal strip-mine. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 