nm0000562:

 Emma (1996)44) While matchmaking for friends and neighbours, a young 19th Century Englishwoman nearly misses her own chance at love. Emma Woodhouse is a congenial young lady who delights in meddling in other people's affairs. She is perpetually trying to unite men and women who are utterly wrong for each other. Despite her interest in romance, Emma is clueless about her own feelings, and her relationship with gentle Mr. Knightly. Philip Brubaker <coda@nando.net> Pretty socialite Emma Woodhouse entertains herself by playing matchmaker for those around her. Her latest "project" is Harriet Smith, an unpretentious debutant, while Emma herself receives the attentions of the dashing Frank Churchill. However, Emma's attempts at matchmaking cause more problems than solutions and may ultimately jeopardize her own chance at love and happiness. Jwelch5742 Based on the Jane Austen novel, "Emma" tells the story of a young woman in England who plays her town's matchmaker. When attempting to match up her friend with the Reverend Elton, Emma starts to run into complications, which multiply amongst themselves with cases of mistaken intentions of love, a cast of supporting characters who each love someone else, but Emma doesn't know who loves who, and Emma finally realizing the one person she truly loves. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gosford Park (2001)651) Set in the 1930s, this movie brings a group of pretentious rich and famous together for a weekend of relaxation at a hunting resort. But when a murder occurs, each one of these interesting characters becomes a suspect. Set in the 1930s, the story takes place in an old-fashioned English country house where a weekend shooting party is underway. The story centers on the McCordle family, particularly the man of the house, Sir William McCordle (Sir Michael Gambon). Getting on in years, William has become a benefactor to many of his relatives and friends. As the weekend goes on, secrets are revealed, and it seems that everyone, above stairs and below, wants a piece of William and his money, but how far will they go to get it? Ashley <AMTOT@aol.com> November, 1932. Lord and Lady McCordle, William and Sylvia in more familiar terms, are hosting a weekend gathering at their country estate, the gathering centered on a pheasant shooting party. While many of the invitees are relatives of Lady McCordle, such as her two sisters, their respective husbands, and her somewhat openly critical Aunt Constance, the guest list also does most notably include matinee idol Ivor Novello , who in turn has arranged an invitation for Hollywood producer Morris Weissman, by chance he working on a new Charlie Chan murder mystery movie that takes place at an English estate. Along with the invited guests come their own personal servants - maids and valets - who not only have to be at the beck and call of their master or mistress for the weekend, but do their jobs within the finely tuned workings of the permanent "below stairs" i.e. staff of the estate, most notably the head butler, Mr. Jennings, the head housekeeper, Mrs. Wilson, and the head cook, Mrs. Croft. There is much intrigue going on at the estate this weekend as individuals try behind the scenes to advance their own positions, this intrigue both among the "above stairs" and "below stairs", as well as between the two, with gossip prevalent among both, but which is a little more open among the below stairs despite they often being bound to secrecy if told something by their master or mistress. While two of those issues of intrigue come out into the open on their own, one by chance and one as a consequence of another development, it is a murder that occurs at the estate late on the Saturday that changes the nature of the gathering as, as the investigation by less than able Inspector Thompson ensues, those at the estate for the weekend may do their damnedest to keep his or her secret just that, regardless if they or those secrets are germane to the murder. Huggo Sir William McCordle (Sir Michael Gambon) is a wealthy, but uncouth industrialist-turned-aristocrat, with a large house in the English countryside, complete with staff. It is a world where everything runs in order, both upstairs, where Sir William and his much younger wife Lady Sylvia (Dame Kristen Scott Thomas) indulge in a very comfortable existence of shooting, dinners, and parties, and downstairs, where the servants work endlessly under the command of the butler Mr. Jennings (Sir Alan Bates), and the housekeeper Mrs. Wilson (Dame Helen Mirren). Whether they like it or not, everyone knows his or her place. But a shooting party will change all of that, with friends of the McCordles and their servants arriving from outside to upset the order, and so begins a complicated tale of secrets, lies, deceit, betrayal, revenge, bitterness, hatred, money, and love, and that's all before the murder. Scott When Sir William McCordle (Sir Michael Gambon) is found sitting at his desk with a knife in his chest, few people grieve. He and his wife Sylvia (Dame Kristen Scott Thomas) are hosting a weekend shooting party. There are a variety of guests including Sylvia's sister and her husband, Lord Raymond Stockbridge (Charles Dance) and Lady Louisa Stockbridge (Geraldine Somerville); movie star Ivor Novello (Jeremy Northam), and a Hollywood producer; an aunt who is dependent on McCordle for her allowance; and a variety of business associates all wanting something from the man. Downstairs at Gosford Park, there is a beehive of activity, but if truth be told, few amongst the servants will miss McCordle. Some of the women used to work for him in his factories and he was known to take advantage of his female employees. When the Police announce that the victim died of poisoning and was only stabbed after he was dead, there is yet another mystery to solve. Beneath the surface, everyone in the house has secrets, but which would be a motive for murder? garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In November 1932, wealthy English industrialist Sir William McCordle, his wife Lady Sylvia, and their daughter Isobel host a weekend shooting party at their country estate, Gosford Park. The guests arrive: Sylvia's sisters Louisa and Lavinia, and their husbands Lord (Raymond) Stockbridge and Commander Anthony Meredith; her aunt Constance, Countess of Trentham; the Hon. Freddie and Mabel Nesbitt; actor Ivor Novello and American film producer Morris Weissman; and latecomers Lord Rupert Standish and Jeremy Blond. Mrs Wilson, the housekeeper, assigns the visiting servants to their rooms and takes notice of Robert Parks, Lord Stockbridge's valet, who mentions being raised in an orphanage. Head housemaid Elsie guides the inexperienced Mary MacEachran, maid to Lady Trentham, through the gathering. Following dinner, a silver carving knife is missing. Henry Denton, Weissman's valet, raises the staff's suspicions with intrusive questions, and has a late-night sexual encounter with Lady Sylvia. Isobel asks Elsie to speak to Sir William about hiring Freddie, who is blackmailing Isobel over their affair and her aborted pregnancy. Freddie mistreats Mabel, whom he married for her money when he overestimated her wealth, while Rupert courts Isobel. Lady Trentham confides to Mary that Sylvia and Louisa cut cards to decide which of them would marry Sir William. When the men go pheasant shooting the next morning, a stray shot grazes Sir William's ear. The ladies join them for lunch, and Sir William withdraws from Anthony's business scheme, leaving the commander financially ruined. Lady Sylvia informs her aunt that Sir William may halt Constance's allowance. During dinner, Lady Sylvia berates Sir William and Elsie comes to his defence, inadvertently exposing their affair; Elsie leaves the room disgraced while Sir William abruptly exits to the library. Mrs Wilson brings him coffee which he knocks away, demanding whisky. The guests gather in the drawing room as Novello plays the piano, with the servants listening outside; Freddie, Anthony, Robert, and footman George each slip away. One of the men, seen only by his trousers, retrieves the missing knife and enters the library, where Sir William is slumped in his chair, and stabs him. The body is soon discovered, and the bumbling Inspector Thompson and competent Constable Dexter arrive to investigate. Henry visits Lady Sylvia for another tryst, and is revealed to be an American actor posing as Weissman's Scottish valet as research for an upcoming role. It is discovered that Sir William was poisoned before being stabbed, and Mrs Croft, the head cook, tells her staff about Sir William's history of raping his female factory workers; those who became pregnant were forced to give their babies up for adoption, or else lose their jobs. Isobel gives Freddie a cheque, which he angrily tears up when confronted by Mabel. Inspector Thompson releases the guests without interviewing most of the staff. Mary confronts Robert, deducing that he became Lord Stockbridge's valet to gain proximity to Sir William and murder him. Robert reveals that he is the illegitimate son of Sir William, who gave him to an orphanage when his mother died shortly after his birth. He tells her he didn't poison Sir William, and she tells him he couldn't have killed him because he was poisoned to death. He and Mary share a kiss. As the guests and their servants depart, Freddie pursues a partnership with Anthony, and Isobel rejects Rupert after overhearing him discuss her inheritance. Elsie accepts a ride to London with Weissman, Novello, and Henry. Lady Trentham and Lady Sylvia discuss Mrs Croft and Mrs Wilson's long-standing feud, leading Mary to realize Mrs Wilson is Robert's mother. She confronts Mrs Wilson, who reveals that she and Mrs Croft are sisters. They both had children fathered by Sir William while working at his factory; Mrs Croft kept her baby and lost her job, though the child died in infancy, while Mrs Wilson gave Robert up. Realizing he was her son and that he intended to kill his father, Mrs Wilson poisoned Sir William to ensure Robert's only crime would be stabbing a dead body. Mrs Croft comforts Mrs Wilson as Mary says goodbye to Robert, saying nothing about his mother or the murder, and the last guests go their separate ways. 
 The Winslow Boy (1999)321) Following the theft of a postal order, a 14-year-old cadet is expelled from Naval College. To save the honour of the boy and his family, the pre-eminent barrister of the day is engaged to take on the might of the Admiralty. In early-20th-century England, while toasting daughter Catherine's engagement, Arthur Winslow learns that the Royal Naval Academy has expelled his 14-year-old son Ronnie for stealing 5 shillings. Father asks son if it is true; when the lad denies it, Arthur risks fortune, health, domestic peace, and Catherine's prospects to pursue justice. After defeat in the military court of appeals, Arthur and Catherine go to Sir Robert Morton, a brilliant barrister and M.P., who examines Ronnie and suggests that they take the matter before Parliament to seek permission to sue the Crown. They do, which keeps Ronnie's story on the front page and keeps Catherine in Sir Robert's ken. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is Christmas 1911 and Arthur Winslow, a retired London banker, is making final preparations for a dinner to seal the engagement between his daughter Catherine, an outspoken supporter of the controversial cause of women's suffrage, and Captain John Watherstone. The family and guests are toasting the upcoming marriage when Arthur discovers that his youngest son Ronnie, a 13-year old cadet at the Royal Naval College at Osbourne, is unexpectedly home. Ronnie has been accused of the theft of a postal order. An internal enquiry, conducted without notice to his family and without benefit of representation, finds him guilty and Mr. Winslow is "requested to withdraw" his son from the college (the formula of the day for expulsion). Ronnie proclaims his innocence and his father believes him enough so that he demands an apology from the College. When the college refuses to reinstate Ronnie, Arthur decides to take the matter to court. With the help of his daughter and Desmond Curry, a solicitor and friend of the family, Mr. Winslow decides to hire the most highly sought after barrister in England at the time, Sir Robert Morton, known also to be a shrewd opposition Member of Parliament. The government is unwilling to allow the case to proceed. The Naval College is a representative of the Admiralty and the Crown, and as such British law presumes they are infallible and above question; their judgment can be legally questioned only with the permission of the Attorney General. However, after heated debates in the House of Commons, the government yields, and the case does come to court. Catherine had expected Sir Robert to decline the case, or at best to treat it as a political tool; instead, he is coolly matter-of-fact about having been persuaded of Ronnie's innocence by his responses to questioning (in fact, a form of cross-examination, to see how young Ronnie would hold up in court) in the presence of his family. Catherine, left-wing suffragette, is not so enthusiastic towards Morton who she considers too heartless for a case like this. Catherine is also disturbed by Sir Robert's establishment views: he is a conservative opponent of women's suffrage. "He always speaks out against what is right," she complains. However, she admires his legal skills. Morton on his part is obviously quite taken with her from the moment he glimpses her peering down at him from the ladies' gallery at the House of Commons. In the meantime, the case creates media hysteria and puts a heavy toll on the Winslow family their funds are rapidly depleted in order to cover legal expenses. Mr. Winslow's physical health deteriorates under the strain and the happiness of the Winslows' home is destroyed. Arthur's wife, Grace, begins to wonder if the real issue is justice or a father's stubborn and foolish pride. Forced to make economical sacrifices, Grace Winslow is unwilling to take the drastic measure of dismissing, Violet, who has been the family's maid for over twenty years. The eldest son, Dickie Winslow, has to leave Oxford due to the lack of money destroying his chance of a career in the Civil Service. Instead, he is compelled to find employment in his father's bank. Catherine's marriage settlement is also gone. Her fianc John Watherstone breaks off the engagement in the face of opposition from his father (an Army Colonel), forcing her to consider a sincere and well-intentioned offer of marriage from Desmond, whom she does not love. Sir Robert has also declined appointment as Lord Chief Justice, rather than drop the case. The least affected is Ronnie, who happily has been transferred to a new school. At trial, Sir Robert (working together with Desmond Curry and his firm) is able to discredit much of the supposed evidence. The Admiralty, certainly embarrassed and presumably no longer confident of Ronnie's guilt, abruptly withdraws all charges against him, proclaiming the boy entirely innocent. When their resounding victory arrives, not a single member of the Winslows' family is present at court. It is Violet, the maid, who tells Mr. Winslow and Catherine what had happened at court. Shortly after, Sir Robert appears in the Winslows' home to share the good news. The film ends with a suggestion that romance may yet blossom between Sir Robert and Catherine, who acknowledges that she has misjudged him all along. 
 Cypher (2002)Summaries An unsuspecting, disenchanted man finds himself working as a spy in the dangerous, high-stakes world of corporate espionage. Quickly getting way over-his-head, he teams up with a mysterious femme fatale. Hoping for a more exciting life than the suburban drawl he currently inhabits, nerdy salary man Morgan Sullivan takes a job as an industrial spy at Digicorp, a global computer corporation. Digicorp assigns him the duty of flying to various conventions around America, recording the speeches that are made. But when Sullivan meets a mysterious woman he begins to realize that his job may not be what it seems, as he descends into a dark underworld of brainwashing and struggles to maintain his own identity. beansproutlord@yahoo.com.au In a near future, the ordinary man above any suspicious from the suburb Morgan Sullivan is hired by Digicorp, a huge corporation, to be assigned as a spy and steal secrets from their competitors, Sunways. Along his training, Morgan is brainwashed, assumes a new identity of Jack Thursby and travels to boring lectures. In one of them, he is approached by the beautiful and mysterious Rita Foster, who advises him that nothing is how it seems to be. Morgan acknowledges a new reality, where he does not know who can be trusted. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 