nm0001246:

 Capote (2005)761) In 1959, Truman Capote learns of the murder of a Kansas family and decides to write a book about the case. While researching for his novel In Cold Blood, Capote forms a relationship with one of the killers, Perry Smith, who is on death row. Famed writer Truman Capote , southern born and bred but now part of the New York City social circle, is growing weary of his current assignment of writing autobiographical type pieces for the New Yorker. After reading a newspaper article about the just occurred November 14, 1959 cold blooded murders of the Clutter family in their rural Kansas home, Truman feels compelled to write about that event as his next article. So he and his personal assistant Nelle Harper Lee , also a southern born New Yorker and an aspiring writer of her own, head to Kansas to research the story first-hand. Truman hopes to use his celebrity status to gain access to whomever he needs, such as to Laura Kinney, a friend of the Clutter daughter she who discovered the bodies, and to Alvin Dewey, the lead police investigator and also a Clutter family friend. If his celebrity doesn't work, Truman will grease the wheels by whatever means necessary. When the police eventually charge suspects, two young men named Dick Hickcock and Perry Smith, Truman uses those same tactics to gain access to them. Truman's fascination with the story makes him believe that he can revolutionize writing by expanding the germ of the article into what he calls a non-fiction novel. His personal involvement also changes as he grows emotionally attached to Perry, the seemingly sensitive and thus probable submissive in the criminal pairing, thus Truman becoming part of the story itself. Article or non-fiction novel, Truman knows that he has to take it to its natural conclusion, something which he cannot force. But also missing are the details of the November 14, 1959 event itself, something that neither Dick or Perry have divulged even in testimony. Huggo Reading of the murder of a Kansas family, New York City novelist Truman Capote decides to cover the story himself, and travels to the small town with his childhood friend, aspiring novelist Harper Lee . When Perry Smith and Dick Hickock are arrested and charged, Capote forms an emotional bond with Smith during his jailhouse interviews despite the young criminal's apparent guilt. November 1959. Intrigued by the brutal murder of the Clutter family in rural Holcomb, Kansas, after reading an in-depth article in The New York Times, the acclaimed author of Breakfast at Tiffany's (1961) , Truman Capote , decides the story will be the subject of his next article for The New Yorker. So, without delay, Truman Capote heads for Kansas, accompanied by his close friend, Harper Lee , who has recently completed her manuscript for To Kill a Mockingbird (1962) . However, as the inquisitive reporter digs deeper and deeper into the story that shocked America, a strange mixture of twisted friendship, manipulation, co-dependency, male bonding, and empathy begins to develop--all crucial ingredients for Truman Capote 's non-fiction novel, In Cold Blood. Nick Riganas In 1959, Truman Capote, a popular writer for The New Yorker, learns about the horrific and senseless murder of a family of four in Holcomb, Kansas. Inspired by the story material, Capote and his partner, Harper Lee, travel to the town to research for an article. However, as Capote digs deeper into the story, he is inspired to expand the project into what would be his greatest work, In Cold Blood. To that end, he arranges extensive interviews with the prisoners, especially with Perry Smith, a quiet and articulate man with a troubled history. As he works on his book, Capote feels some compassion for Perry which in part prompts him to help the prisoners to some degree. However, that feeling deeply conflicts with his need for closure for his book which only an execution can provide. That conflict and the mixed motives for both interviewer and subject make for a troubling experience that would produce an literary account that would redefine modern non-fiction. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) On the night of 14 November 1959, in Holcomb, Kansas, a farmhouse is broken into by the criminals Perry Smith and Dick Hickock that expect to get US$ 10,000.00. With the policy of "no witness", the murderers kill the entire family. The homosexual writer Truman Capote travels to the small town with his friend Nelle Harper Lee and decide to use the topic to write a book. When the killers are arrested, he becomes friend of Perry for his own interest and then he falls in love for him, and gets a new lawyer for them, postponing their execution until 14 April 1965. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1959, the bodies of the Clutter family are discovered on their Kansas farm. While reading The New York Times, Truman Capote (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is riveted by the story and calls The New Yorker magazine editor William Shawn (Bob Balaban) to tell him that he plans to document the tragedy. Capote travels to Kansas, inviting childhood friend Nelle Harper Lee (Catherine Keener) to come along. He intends to interview those involved with the Clutter family, with Lee as his go-between and facilitator. Alvin Dewey (Chris Cooper), the Kansas Bureau of Investigation's lead detective on the case, brushes him off. Still, Dewey's wife Marie (Amy Ryan) is a fan of Capote's writing and persuades her husband to invite Capote and Lee to their house for dinner. Capote's stories of movie sets and film stars captivate Marie. Over time, her husband warms to Capote and allows him to view the photographs of the victims. The Deweys, Lee, and Capote are having dinner when the murder suspects, Perry Smith (Clifton Collins Jr.) and Richard "Dick" Hickock (Mark Pellegrino), are caught. Flattery, bribery, and a keen insight into the human condition facilitate Capote's visits to the prison where the accused are held. Capote begins to form an attachment to Smith. He informs Shawn of his intent to expand the story into a full-length book. Following the trial and conviction, Capote gains continued access to the murderers by bribing Warden Marshall Krutch (Marshall Bell). Capote spends the following years regularly visiting Smith and learning about his life, excepting a year-long stint when he goes to Morocco and Spain to write the "first three parts" of the book, accompanied by his romantic partner Jack Dunphy (Bruce Greenwood). The story of Smith's life, his remorseful manner, and his emotional sincerity impress Capote, who becomes emotionally attached to him despite the gruesome murders. Capote aids Smith and Hickock by obtaining expert legal counsel for them and initiating an appeal. Still, he is frustrated, as Smith declines to relate exactly what happened the night of the murders. Though initially an effort to provide proper representation and extend Capote's opportunity to speak with the killers, the appeals process drags on for several years. Without the court case being resolved, Capote feels he is stuck with a story without an ending, and he is unable to complete his book. Eventually, he gets Smith to describe the killings and his thoughts at the time in great detail. He has what he wants from Smith, but he sees a callousness and selfishness in his own actions in the process. Now with everything in hand, Capote still must wait for the appeals process to conclude before he feels he can publish his work. Over time, Lee's best-selling novel To Kill a Mockingbird is turned into a movie, but Capote is unable to share in the joy of his friend's success, too caught up in drinking through his own misery. With the last appeal rejected, Smith pleads for Capote to return before he is executed, but Capote cannot bring himself to do so. A telegram from Smith to Harper Lee ultimately compels Capote to return to Kansas. There he is an eyewitness as Smith and Hickock are executed. Capote talks to Lee about the horrifying experience and laments that he could not do anything to stop it. She replies, "Maybe not. The fact is you didn't want to." While returning home, Capote looks through photos from the case and at the writings and drawings given to him by Smith. An epilogue points out that In Cold Blood turned Capote into the most famous writer in America, also noting that he never finished another book. A postscript gives the epigraph he would have chosen for the title of Answered Prayers: "More tears are shed over answered prayers than unanswered ones", a quote from Saint Teresa of vila. 
 In Treatment (20082021)211) A psychotherapist questions his abilities and gets help by reuniting with his old therapist, whom he has not seen for ten years. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A psychotherapist , Paul (Gabriel Byrne), treats three new patients a season, two on Monday nights and a third on Tuesday when he, also, sees his own psychotherapist, Adele (Amy Ryan, new in season three replacing Diane Wiest from season 1-2). This is a change in format from season one when it was shown on five consecutive nights. The patients are varied ranging in age from elderly people to juveniles with family, career, romantic, and other life problems which are usually resolved by season's end. In season two, Paul (Byrne) wrestles with life changes arising from his divorce. His move from the family home in Maryland to Brooklyn, NY brings with it's own set of new problems. There he has started a practice with new patients working from an office in his apartment. Season three finds him with a new therapist, Adele (Amy Ryan) because his former therapist (Wiest) has closed the door on any new sessions and has written a book that Paul feels portrays him in a very demeaning way. A new issue has arisen in season three regarding his possible inheritance of the Parkinson's gene from his father as he believes he is exhibiting symptoms now. He also develops an attachment of sorts to Adele which she may or may not share. Paul dates a much younger woman, Wendy, but doesn't seem to have formed a strong bond with her. His teenage son, Max, has come to live with him in Brooklyn and Paul has difficulty communicating with him. In season three Paul struggles with his three new patients: Sunil (Irrfan Khan), Frances (Debra Winger), and Jesse (Dane DeHaan). Sunil has come from India to live with his son's family where he feels he has now lost his dignity. He and his daughter-in-law cannot get along and differ on most subjects. Frances (a famous actress) has a sister dying and she can't seem to cope with it, nor her own fears of developing the breast cancer that has killed her mother and now her sister. Jesse is an adopted teenager whose birth parents are trying to contact him. He has been in conflict with his adoptive parents as he questions his sexual identity. Paul has difficulty keeping a distance with his patients becoming very emotional about their situations. He tries to convey this to his therapist who seems cold and inflexible. 
 A Mighty Heart (2007)321) Mariane Pearl embarks on a frantic search to locate her journalist husband, Daniel, when he goes missing in Pakistan. On January 23, 2002, Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl is to fly from Karachi to Dubai with his pregnant wife, Mariane, also a reporter. On the day before, with great care, he has arranged an interview in a caf with an Islamic fundamentalist cleric. When Danny doesn't return, Mariane initiates a search. Pakistani police, American embassy personnel, and the FBI examine witnesses, phone records, e-mails, and hard drives. Who has him? Where is he? There's also the why: because of U.S. abuse of prisoners at Guantanamo, because of a history of Journal cooperation with the CIA, because Pearl is a Jew? Through it all, Mariane is clearheaded, direct, and determined. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Daniel Pearl(Dan Futterman) and Marianne Pearl(Angelina Jolie) are married to each other and both reporters. They are friends of Asra Q. Nomani (Archie Panjabi) in Karachi (Pakistan). Daniel contacts Sheikh Gilani (a jehadi) to conduct an interview, and is abducted. Now the search for him begins, and it is dramatized in detail in the film. Eventually, it is discovered that the interview that Daniel was going to was a mere setup. Not only has he been killed, but decapitated. Months after learning of his death, Marianne gives birth to their only child. 
 The Birdcage (1996)541) A gay cabaret owner and his drag queen companion agree to put up a false straight front so that their son can introduce them to his fiance's right-wing moralistic parents. Armand Goldman owns a popular drag nightclub in South Miami Beach. His long-time lover, Albert, stars there as Starina. "Their" son Val (actually Armand's by his one heterosexual fling, twenty years before) comes home to announce his engagement to Barbara Keeley, daughter of Kevin Keeley, US Senator, and co-founder of the Committee for Moral Order. The Senator and family descend upon South Beach to meet Val, his father and "mother." What ensues is comic chaos. Randy Goldberg <goldberg@nymc.edu> Lies and deception -- it's all in the family when a man must convince his future in-laws that he's as uptight as they are. Armand and Albert have built the perfect life for themselves tending to their gaudy Miami nightclub. But their pastel tranquility is shaken when Armand's son announces that he's getting married to the daughter of ultra-conservative Senator Keeley . . . and they're all getting together for dinner! Can Armand and Albert transfer transform themselves into Mr. -- and Mrs. -- Family Values in time? It'll take the performance of their lives, but they'll do anything -- and everything -- to pull the chiffon over Keeley's eyes! Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> The Birdcage - a drag club on the South Beach. Albert, Starina, the star of the show - one half of a couple with Armand. Val is Armand's son from a long-ago heterosexual experiment, and has been raised in the Armand and Albert apartment. His intended is Barbara, daughter of the very right wing U.S. senator John Keeley, co-founder of the Coalition for Moral Order. She is bringing her family to visit Val and meet his family (her parents think that Armand is a Greek diplomat). Results - mixup, pretense, and farce. Bruce Cameron <dumarest@midcoast.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a performance at the Birdcage, a nightclub situated in South Beach, Miami. The club is owned by Armand Goldman, a gay Jew in a relationship with the club's star Albert, who performs as a drag queen. Armand's son Val returns from college with an announcement: he is getting married to a schoolmate, Barbara Keeley, whose father Kevin Keeley is a conservative politician from Ohio who founded the Coalition for Moral Order, and who is seeking reelection. The problem is that Barbara hid the truth from her parents - she informed them that Val's father is a cultural attach for Greece and that Val's mother is a housewife, and that their last name was Coleman. The Keeleys, meanwhile, are in the midst of their own crisis: Keeley's co-founder for the Coalition, Senator Jackson, died of a heart attack while in bed with an underage black prostitute. This event makes headlines, and gets the Keeleys swamped with hordes of reporters and threatens to ruin their political position. Kevins wife Louise proposes that they go to see Val's parents, who they believe are a traditional wholesome family, as a double measure to both avoid the reporters and to restore their impeccable public image. They set off, but are being tracked by a couple of reporters, who are themselves tracked by competing reporters... Val begs his father to go along with the charade, and after some deliberation he concedes. They both set to work remodeling their apartment into a more austere and simple home, and dress up the flamboyant gay manservant Agador as a butler/cook. Less simple is asking Albert for support; an effeminate, temperamental and sensitive partner, he is offended at Armand and Val asking him to be absent due to his obvious gayness, and when he tries to act like a heterosexual he fails miserably. With no other choices, Armand and Val decide to call upon Val's birthmother Katherine, a former showgirl who left Val with Armand and ran off to become a businesswoman. Asking Katherine is the last straw for Albert and he decides to go to a cemetery; Armand calms him down and reaffirms their devotion by giving him partnership of the Birdcage. The Keeleys arrive, and the night starts off fairly well, with only a few hiccups. Unfortunately, Katherine, who was supposed to join the party, gets stuck in traffic. Unexpectedly Albert dresses up as a woman and takes her place, to the horror of Armand and Val; bizarrely his masquerade works successfully and Kevin is even smitten with Mrs Coleman and her liberalness, much to Louise's indignation. However, both Kevin and Louise start to suspect that the Colemans are hiding something, especially when they are served an awful mishmash soup made of all sorts of ingredients (including hardboiled eggs), and notice that the plates hold pictures of men in disturbing poses... Katherine finally arrives, and everything falls apart: Kevin and Louise find out that Val's parents are gay Jewish nightclub owners, and they decide to leave immediately. But they discover a mass of news crews outside who tracked them down, and duck back in. Although the Keeleys have warmed up to their in-laws, they are now trapped inside and for them to appear in the presence of such people would finish their political careers. Albert hits on a brilliant scheme: he dresses the Keeleys up in drag and gives an impromptu performance, and as the show goes on Katherine successfully gets the Keeleys out of the Birdcage without any interception from reporters. The film ends with Val and Barbara getting married, in an interfaith ceremony presided by both a rabbi and priest, attended by Kevin and Louise, Katherine and Armand and Albert. 