nm0006850:

 Cyberella: Forbidden Passions (1996)Summaries Your wildest fantasies are possible in this look at afterlife encounters. This cyber-seductress uses her special skills to fulfill your most intimate dreams. Mara's soul is left in her computer when she dies while using a virtual reality program. She is given four chances to learn the "lesson" of life so she can move on to heaven. Each lesson involves a member of the opposite, or same, sex who is using another virtual reality program. Greg Mintz <gmaugust@groupz.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Erotic Confessions (1994 )Summaries Anthology series wherein each episode, Jacqueline Stone (Ava Fabian) reads a letter sent in from women recounting their erotic experiences. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Personals II: CasualSex.com (2001 Video)Summaries A writer for a pop culture magazine needs to come up with a "killer" story about online dating to save her job. After catching her shackup partner in bed with a bimbo from the marina she is a candidate for a new relationship. Her office buddies convince her to post her own .jpg and get into the cyberdating game. So, will she find a fulfilling relationship via email or could her true love be right under her nose? mjstock It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Reno 911! (2003 )Summaries An irreverent look at what goes on behind-the-scenes in Reno, Nevada's Sheriff's Department. The lives of seven incompetent Reno sheriff's deputies are detailed in this "Cops" style parody. Among the colorful characters are Lt. Jim Dangle, the short shorts-wearing, flamboyantly gay supervisor; Deputy James Garcia, who makes police brutality an art form; Deputy Trudy Wiegel, the manic depressive, socially awkward officer; Deputy Clementine Johnson, the skanky former magician's assistant; Deputy Travis Junior, the redneck who is never seen without his kevlar vest and sunglasses; Deputy S. Jones, the semi-competent ladies' man; and Deputy Raineesha Williams, the bootylicious black cop with an attitude. Gibborino It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 