nm0002356:

 Waterworld (1995)651) In a future where the polar ice-caps have melted and Earth is almost entirely submerged, a mutated mariner fights starvation and outlaw "smokers," and reluctantly helps a woman and a young girl try to find dry land. The polar ice caps have melted, and the earth is covered by water. The remaining people travel the seas, in search of survival. Several different societies exist. The Mariner falls from his customary and solitary existence into having to care for a woman and a young girl while being pursued by the evil forces of the Deacon. Robbie Smith <robsmith@u.washington.edu> In the future, the Earth is engulfed with water when the polar ice caps melted, leaving the lands and civilization beneath the sea. In "Waterworld" drifters sail across the waters of the world on their man-made ships, trading for supplies and salvaging what is left of civilization, communities of survivors live in towns called "Atolls", and a force of evil pirates "The Smokers" travel across Waterworld in search of a mythical island called "Dryland". Arriving at an Atoll, a mysterious drifter without a name called The Mariner is sentenced to death when the community discovers he is a mutant. When the Atoll is attacked by The Smokers led by their evil leader Deacon, a woman named Helen and her adopted daughter Enola bribe The Mariner to take them to Dryland, believing The Mariner has been there. But the Mariner, Helen and Enola are pursued by Deacon and the Smokers, when The Mariner learns the tattoo on Enola's back is in reality a map that will lead them to Dryland... Daniel Williamson Sometime in the future, the polar ice caps have melted and the world's oceans and seas have covered the land. People are few and far between, living in small communities at sea or sailing from one to another as traders. All the people seek dry land.. something nobody has seen. Rob Hartill The world is flooded. Civilisation is lost under the sea. The Mariner sails his trimoran over the seas, drinking his own Urine and visits a floating atoll of "Drifters". When they find the Mariner to be a mutant they sentence him to death. Meanwhile, a girl with supposedly a map to get to dry land tattoo-ed on her back, is the objective for an attack by a gang of smokers who attack the atoll. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At an unspecified point in the future, a narrator explains, the polar ice caps have melted covering the Earth in an endless ocean. The survivors of the ancient deluge have had to adapt to the new world. One such survivor, known only as The Mariner ( Kevin Costner ), travels the globe on his trimaran. He lives by recycling his own urine as drinking water and scavenges for artifacts on the ocean floor using a diving bell with a timed pulley system. While diving, someone boards the Mariner's boat and steals the fruit from his tiny lime tree. The Mariner surfaces in time to see the other boat sailing off and immediately runs to his harpoon, holding the drifter ( Chaim Jeraffi ) at bay and saying that when two sailors meet it's customary to trade. He adds that he's seen the man's boat but doesn't recognize him. The drifter says he took the boat fair when he found the previous owner dead and tells the Mariner of an atoll a few days away where he can resupply. Just then, the men spy two jet skis nearby piloted by Smokers, pirates who are so named for their habit of smoking cigarettes and their dependence on oil for fuel. They advance on the goods the Mariner has raised from the depths with the diving bell. Meanwhile, as the drifter sets sail, he reveals he's stolen the Mariner's limes. Infuriated, the Mariner quickly loosens ropes and throws custom switches on his boat, raising the sail and giving him enough speed to collect his bag of goods and catch up to the drifter. He sails right over the man's small boat, breaking the sail, disabling his craft, and leaves him for the Smokers. After several days the Mariner arrives at the atoll the drifter spoke of. At first he's refused admittance, but the atoll's guards allow him in when he shows them he has a jar full of dirt; the world's most precious substance. Inside the gates, he finds that the people live in poverty and are near starvation. A small group is conducting a funeral where the deceased is 'recycled' and dropped into a pool of viscous waste. The Mariner docks his boat and is met by the atoll's Enforcer ( R.D. Call ) who gives him a two hour limit to conduct business. The atoll's banker ( Jack Kehler ) offers him a large amount of currency known as 'chits' for the quality dirt he was carrying, but the Mariner demands twice that amount and is given it. At the atoll's bar/store, a shady man named Nord ( Gerard Murphy ) is asking a man ( Robert A. Silverman ) desperate for a drink of fresh water (hydro) about a girl with a tattoo. Supposedly, the tattoo has markings that give the location of dry land. Nord then spots the girl, Enola ( Tina Majorino ), who is in the care of the bar's owner, Helen ( Jeanne Tripplehorn ). Helen quickly hides Enola, but not before Nord catches a glance of the tattoo on the child's back. The Mariner finds the shop and spends his money on hydro, a tomato plant, and all the shelves in the bar. Nord approaches the Mariner, asking him about his newfound wealth, but the Mariner remains unfriendly. He marches back to his boat and begins to load his purchases on it. A small group of people, led by two elders ( Zakes Mokae and Sab Shimono ), approach asking if he'll impregnate a young, woman. They explain that inbreeding among the colony has resulted in undesirable offspring. When the Mariner refuses, the elders surmise he must be hiding something and theorize he's a Smoker spy. They quickly detain him and, in the scuffle, one of them discovers gills behind the Mariner's ears. Horrified by the mutation, the crowd attacks the Mariner but he manages to kill one of them in the lagoon before he's caught in a net. Before he can be beaten further, the Enforcer steps in and defends the Mariner, claiming he was acting in self-defense. However, since he will need to pay for his crimes, he will be imprisoned until further notice. Later that night, while in a cage hanging over the docks, the Mariner spots Nord slipping out of the atoll while a group of youths steal various items from his trimaran. Meanwhile, Helen is with her friend Gregor ( Michael Jeter ), an eccentric inventor, and says that people are talking too much about Enola and that they should leave for the girl's safety. Gregor is frustrated over his own inability to read the map to dry land on Enola's back. Enola is blissfully drawing pictures, some of which are of things that even she doesn't recognize. She innocently mentions that the Mariner may know where dry land is. Gregor goes out to the Mariner and excitedly inspects his webbed feet and gills. He asks if the Mariner knows where dry land is. The Mariner asks him to pick the lock and release him but their conversation is cut short by the Enforcer and Gregor leaves. The following morning the council congregates around the Mariner and decides he is to be recycled in the customary fashion, consequently drowning him. At that moment, a lookout spots an armada of Smokers descending on the atoll. The group, led by the Deacon ( Dennis Hopper ), launches a full scale attack. In the chaos, Gregor accidentally activates his hot air balloon and is unable to slow the mechanism to allow Helen and Enola aboard. Gregor escapes but Helen and Enola spot the Mariner, whose cage was knocked into the sludgy pit during the battle. Before he drowns, Helen and Enola free him on the condition that he'll take them with him. Working together, they manage to free the Mariner's trimaran and open the gates to the atoll. The Deacon spots them and orders his gunner ( Neil Giuntoli ) to stop the trimaran, but the Mariner launches his harpoon and drags the gunner's boat so that it fires on the Deacon's pontoon, causing the fuel it's loaded with to explode. The Mariner, Enola, and Helen escape. Within the wrecked atoll, Nord, who had been the Smoker spy, leads the Deacon to a couple of survivors to interrogate. Having survived the explosion but losing an eye in the process, the Deacon learns that his quarry, the girl with the tattoo, escaped with the Mariner who is a mutant. He alerts his crew of their new mission to find her. Aboard the trimaran, Helen asks the Mariner if he knows the way to dry land. He hints that he does, but he tells Helen that they'll only make it if they throw Enola overboard. As a child, she's useless and will eat all their food. Helen is adamant about keeping Enola and goes so far to offer herself to the Mariner. However, he refuses her. Angry, Helen grabs a harpoon gun and demands they all go to dry land together, but the Mariner drops his sail on her, pinning her beneath, and knocks her out with an oar. He spends the rest of the day keeping watch from the top of his sail. Aboard a rusted oil tanker, the Smoker's home base, the Deacon fashions himself an eye-patch when an attempt by the ship's doctor ( John Fleck ) to give him a false eye fails. He inspects the ship's oil supply maintained by a meter reader ( William Preston ), passing out cigarettes to his citizens on the way, and discovers that his ship is rapidly losing oil. The Deacon maintains that their main focus is to find the tattooed girl and sends out a plane to search for her. Soon enough, the pilot and his gunner ( Jack Black and John Toles-Bey ) spot the trimaran. In a measure to keep their location secret, the Mariner prepares a weapon to fire at the plane below deck. However, Helen isn't clued in to his strategy and impatiently fires the harpoon at the plane, killing the gunner and tethering the plane to the trimaran. With the rope winding itself around the cable-rigging on the mainmast, The Mariner is forced to climb his sail to cut the rope but the pilot manages to shoot the plane free. The whiplash sends the Mariner plunging into the water. Infuriated, he pins Helen down and viciously cuts her hair, telling her not to touch anything on his boat without permission. When Enola protests, he cuts her hair too and confiscates the crayons she's taken from him to draw all over the boat. Having returned to the tanker, the pilot tells the Deacon the direction the Mariner was last seen heading. The Deacon predicts that, since the Mariner knows he's been found, he would expect the Smokers to think he's changed course. However, knowing the Mariner is likely no fool, the Deacon says that his course will remain unchanged, and that's where they will spring their trap. Some time later the Mariner spots another sailor who has raised a neutral flag. Helen convinces the Mariner to make contact, saying the man might have some food. The drifter ( Kim Coates ) is clearly neurotic, having spent too long at sea alone, and acts unpredictably. While he and the Mariner trade, Helen tries to fashion a fishing pole. The drifter offers the Mariner something 'saved for a special trade' - paper. The Mariner doesn't have much to offer in return but the drifter asks for half an hour with Helen. Despite her protests, the Mariner agrees but refuses the drifter time with Enola. The drifter and Helen go below deck while the Mariner inspects the paper but, after a few moments, goes down and tells the drifter the deal is off. The drifter reacts violently and Helen goes back up top while the two men fight, with the Mariner coming out victorious. He dumps the drifter's body into the sea and scavenges his boat for useful items. Irritated it came to that, he takes Helen's fishing pole and throws it away, telling her she'll never catch anything with it. The Mariner takes his harpoon gun and attaches a pulley to it, using it to drag himself behind the boat. Soon, a large sea creature comes up from below and tries to swallow the Mariner, but he uses the harpoon gun to blast holes in the animal. That evening, the three feast on the creature. Enola happily hums to herself and the Mariner suggests she stop making noise long enough to listen to the world. Looking at his feet, Enola mentions how she'd like to have feet like that so she could swim; something she never learned to do. The following day, the Mariner teaches Enola how to swim, an act that impresses Helen and leads to a bond between the Mariner and Enola. Days later, they come to a slaver outpost. Desperate for repairs, the Mariner tries to communicate with them but the inhabitants don't respond. Using an underwater periscope, the Mariner discovers the slavers have been killed and Smokers are positioned underwater to ambush them. They just barely manage to escape, even after the Deacon fires a shot with his rifle, wounding the Mariner. Later, Helen asks again about dry land and wants to know when they may be able to find it. The Mariner becomes impatient and says that he's sailed farther than anyone but has never seen dry land. Upset, Helen asks about all the things on his boat that no one has ever seen and wonders where the Mariner got it all. The Mariner agrees to show Helen where 'dry land' is and sets up his diving bell, leaving Enola on the surface. The Mariner swims alongside Helen and takes her to the bottom of the sea where the remains of a city (Denver, Colorado) lie submerged. At the bottom, he shows her where he got the dirt he sold at the atoll. When they surface, Helen admits she never knew the truth, though she'd always heard legends. Suddenly, the Deacon and a crew of Smokers appear, having already boarded the trimaran. They hold the Mariner and Helen captive and demand to know where the girl is. Enola has hidden herself within the trimaran but when the Deacon bluffs the other's deaths she reveals herself. Enola is taken captive and the trimaran is burned. The Mariner and Helen escape death by submerging themselves and the Mariner kisses Helen so that he can breathe for both of them. When they surface, Enola is gone and the trimaran is in ruins. Disconsolate, Helen kisses the Mariner in affection and, this time, he reciprocates. While looking below deck for anything of use, the Mariner comes across some of Enola's drawings which include trees. He looks through his own collection including some National Geographic magazines and discovers trees identical to Enola's drawings on the cover. He realizes that dry land may really exist. Come morning, they are found by Gregor in his hot air balloon and a band of atoll survivors. The Mariner says that he will go and rescue Enola. He takes a craft and finds the oil tanker, secretly boarding it. He kills anyone he comes across while the Deacon prepares a crowd on deck for his speech. He presents to them Enola, saying that with her, dry land will not only be their destination, it is their destiny. The crazed crew then releases massive oars out of the side of the tanker to make their way and to preserve oil - not knowing the Deacon has yet to decipher the map on Enola's back. He keeps her prisoner with Nord watching over her, though she is convinced the Mariner will save her. Sure enough, the Mariner appears topside and holds out a flare, demanding that Enola be released. He lights the flare and holds it over a pipe leading directly to the oil storage. Deacon calls him on his bluff but the Mariner lets go. Seeing the light, the oil reader utters 'Oh, thank God' before the supply goes up in flames, resulting in an explosion. In the ensuing chaos, the Deacon takes Enola and attempts to escape with her on his plane but the Mariner stops him with an old anchor cable and rescues Enola. Above them, Gregor appears in his balloon with the other survivors and lets down a rope for the Mariner to grab hold. The Deacon rushes forward and grabs the rope too, but the Mariner kicks him off into the water. The Deacon finds a loose jet ski and uses his gun to shoot at the balloon. The shot knocks Enola off into the water and Deacon gestures to two other jet ski Smokers to converge on the girl. The Mariner fashions a makeshift bungee cord and jumps down to rescue Enola just before the Deacon and the other Smokers collide, their jet skis exploding in a ball of fire. As the tanker sinks, the survivors see the words Exxon Valdez printed on the stern. Then, as Gregor once more inspects the map on Enola's back he has an epiphany and realizes what the markings mean. After a few days of flying in the direction of dry land, the Mariner one morning sees a seagull perched on the craft. A few more hours reveals land in the distance. They land and discover tropical trees, a high mountain peak, fresh water, and even wild horses. A shack is found with two skeletons lying on a bed. On a desk is a music box and as Enola opens it, she hears a tune she's hummed before and realizes she's home. The Enforcer suggests they follow ancient burial traditions and give Enola's parents final rest. While everyone is thrilled to have found dry land at last, the Mariner finds himself uncomfortable and out of place. The ocean is his home and he decides to resupply, build a new ship, and leave. Enola is upset but understands and gives the Mariner her music box as a keepsake. Before he leaves, the Mariner promises to tell others about dry land and lead them to it. As he sails away, Helen and Enola climb to the highest hill to watch him and come across a plaque that reveals they're standing on the peak of Mt. Everest. 
 The Bodyguard (1992)321) A former Secret Service agent takes on the job of bodyguard to an R&B singer, whose lifestyle is most unlike a President's. A pop singer has been receiving threatening notes, and her manager hires a bodyguard known for his good work. The bodyguard ruffles the singer's feathers and most of her entourage by tightening security more than they feel is necessary. The bodyguard is haunted by the fact that he was on Reagan's secret service staff but wasn't there to prevent the attack by Hinckley. Eventually the bodyguard and the singer start an affair, and she begins to believe his precautions are necessary when the stalker strikes close to home. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In her film debut, Whitney Houston plays Rachel Marron, a pop music superstar. It seems that one of her fans is stalking her and has threatened to kill her, so Frank Farmer (Kevin Costner), a professional bodyguard and former Secret Service agent, is hired to protect her. The film then follows Rachel Marron's life from performance to performance. Each performance features her singing a song (including Houston's hits I Will Always Love You and I Have Nothing) that reflects her emotional state. Frank Farmer successfully protects her from danger. Subsequently, and possibly as a result of his protection and the trust thus inspired, Rachel Marron falls in love with Frank, and, though he tries to keep their relationship professional, they sleep together. However, recognizing that their relationship puts her and her family in danger, he breaks-off the affair and heightens moves to protect her (many such previous moves were shot down by Rachel). Ironically, in an effort to separate Rachel from her own world, Frank introduces Rachel to his own father and personal life. As the story follows a number of potential stalkers, Rachel must put her trust in Frank ahead of her own selfishness and desire for success; as Frank must face the fact that the threat may not be what was expected. In the end, Frank's duty is fulfilled, having successfully protected Rachel, and they part with a kiss. Frank then moves on to his next assignment...to protect an archbishop. Rachel Marron (Whitney Houston) is an Oscar-nominated music superstar who is being stalked and sent death threats. Frank Farmer (Kevin Costner) is a former Secret Service Special Agent who served as part of the presidential protection detail during the presidencies of Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan. Frank is haunted by the fact that he was not there when Reagan was shot because he was off duty at the time. He is now a highly successful private and professional bodyguard who protects corporate VIPs. He is hired by Rachel's manager, Bill Devaney (Bill Cobbs), to protect her after she receives a number of threats against her life and a small bomb detonates in her dressing room.[4] The film follows Rachel's singing career and family life. Frank is unsure about accepting the job because he sees Rachel as a spoiled diva who is oblivious to the threats against her life. Rachel's handlers had kept the bomb in the dressing room secret from her. At first, Rachel looks upon Frank as paranoid and his protection techniques intrusive. Rachel's existing bodyguard Tony (Mike Starr) resents Frank's presence. But at a concert where Rachel is performing there is a riot and Frank successfully protects her from danger; as a result of his protection, Rachel falls in love with Frank. He initially tries to keep the relationship professional, but the two sleep together. However, recognizing that their relationship may compromise his protection of her, Frank breaks off their affair. Hurt, Rachel begins to push Frank's buttons by violating their security routines and attempting to sleep with his former Secret Service co-worker, Greg Portman (Tomas Arana). After she has personal contact with her stalker via a creepy phone call, Rachel realizes that she must put her trust in Frank ahead of her own desire for success. She finally recognizes the seriousness of the situation and cancels the rest of her tour. Frank, Rachel, Rachel's driver Henry (Christopher Birt), Rachel's son Fletcher (DeVaughn Nixon), and her sister Nikki (Michele Lamar Richards) then travel to Frank's father's home, which is a large log cabin in the mountains by a lake. Frank's dad, Herb Farmer (Ralph Waite) is a semi-retired attorney who welcomes the group to his home. At the mountain retreat, Nikki attempts to seduce Frank, and becomes angry when her advances are refused. Fletcher is almost killed the next day, when a bomb explodes inside the boat he had been riding in moments before. After finding footprints around the cabin, and finding the automobiles sabotaged, they realize Rachel's stalker has followed them. They lock down the house for the night, with plans to leave in the morning. It is then revealed that Rachel's obsessive stalker and the person trying to kill her are not the same person, when an upset and drunken Nikki admits that in a drug-induced jealous fit she hired a hitman to kill Rachel, but that the letters from the stalker came before that. After Fletcher was almost killed, Nikki realized the hitman she hired would kill anyone to get to his target, including her beloved nephew. However, she cannot call it off because she does not know the killer's identity. The hitman breaks into the house, Nikki tries to stop him, and he shoots and kills her before escaping. Frank ensures that his father, who is armed with a large caliber revolver, has secured the rest of the group on the second floor, then pursues the killer into the woods. Frank shoots at the hitman, but the hitman escapes through the dark woods. Frank learns the next day, from his Secret Service colleagues, that they have apprehended the stalker and were interviewing him when Nikki was shot. A few days after Nicki's funeral is the Academy Awards ceremony, where she is nominated as best actress. As Rachel is accepting the award for Best Actress Favorite winner champions first ranking to gold awarding-ceremony won "Rachel Marron - Queen of the Night", the assassin attempts to murder her again with a gun hidden inside a video camera. Frank jumps in front of her to save her life, and is shot himself. Before losing consciousness, Frank fires a shot through the camera lens, penetrating the eye of the hitman, who is revealed to be Greg Portman. During the ensuing melee, Portman gouges out Tony's eye, but both he and Frank survive their injuries, Totally calm and, as he gambled, invisible in the commo- tion. Camera still on his shoulder, he slowly backs away from the scene. Ushers and uniformed security men rush past him towards the stage. People leap from their seats. A woman screams piercingly behind him. Portman doesn't blink. Dozens more helpers pour onto the stage around Frank and Rachel. Rachel starts to rise on all fours and sees, as hands reach out to help her, the blood on Frank's shirt. He has taken the hits for her. But he's still on the job, gaze alert. Without taking his eyes from the auditorium, his left arm stretches out, with some pain, to push Rachel back down. The right arm, gun in hand, sweeps the auditorium. Where is Portman? Frank can't see past the mob. Ushers fall on Frank in a heap, trying to disarm him. Security men try to pull them off. Rachel shouts, trying to make herself heard above the noise. Full shoots gunfire phoenix explosion pistol (Frank Farmer Phoenix Golden Explosion Gold Shooting Gunfire 1992) through legs and faces. One brief glimpse that could be Portman. A cameraman turns. It's not. Frank is desperate, pushing away a helping arm. The chaos mounts. Siren Wails outside. He turns away from the stage as four cops pound past him. He walks away. Suddenly, for one brief second, his face loses its composure as he looks to the side door. Hysterical audience members jostle for the exit, screaming and shouting. It's like a football scrum. Cops and security men pushing and pulling. His escape route is blocked. Briefly glimpsed through blurred, frenzied, f.g. Still seeking his target, biting his lip in pain. Cool again, he turns back to the stage, seeking an alternative escape route, camera still providing cover. A lumbering figure, blood streaming from one eye, his 38 drawn and outstretched. It's Tony staggering to the edge of the stage, straight towards his attacker. Frank and Rachel's heads swivel in unison at the sound, looking towards the far aisle. Against the side wall at the front, Portman's eyes desperately scan for the source of the voice. He sees Tony, his pistol takes aim. For a split second, two running figures f.g. pass and cross leaving a momentary clear line to Portman. Frank's bullets hit home. The first slams Portman in the all bodies of blood as Portman death, knocking him against the wall. The second hits the video camera falls of electical sockets on his shoulder at falls of bodies at blood a death in victim destroyed a shoot gun broken of both shouders, both hand and both arm, explode bomb of death it around his face a blood in broken of face a head blood destoyed at all artist of nominated death her and the shirt front of her escort as Portman's body slumps forward in her lap, pinning her back in her falls of dead at shoot gun of pistol drops onto a pair of shiny, black leather pumps. Frank holds his aim steady, reluctant to look away. He half turns to Rachel, wincing with the effort. She's unhurt. He has fulfilled his promise to her. Rachel throws her arms around Frank and hugs him, tears streaming down her cheeks. Frank Farmer's face. Sad and weary. His guard is finally down. Nothing more can happen. He slowly lowers the gun, closes his eyes and lets his head fall onto his chest. Soon after that incident, a group of rich, rebellious youths rob a bank. They explicitly ask a bank worker to call the police, and are confronted by Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD). They play a sadistic game, in which they are awarded money for shooting police officers with assault rifles, before making their escape as he disguises himself as a news cameraman in order to subdue a man holding a woman hostage in Hollywood. In the midst of the commotion of medics, security men, police and ushers, Spector bends down and gently retrieves the gold envelope and the card bearing Rachel's name. There are splatters of blood on it. He tries to wipe them off with the silk handkerchief from his breast pocket. A chaos of press and public, ambulance and police lights flashing, "SIRENS WAILING, ANGLE ON PART OF CROWD". Police and paramedics surrounding a man on a stretcher it is Frank -- Rachel walks at his side, clutching his hand as he is rushed to an ambulance. Tony, a dressing over his eyes, is also helped out by paramedics. Among the gathered crowd, we focus in on one face. It is Dan, pushed back to the sidelines and unable to see what is happening. He slowly turns and walks away. Camera Cans to a High Wide Shot of the scene all the while urging him to stay with her as he slowly passes out. The movie ends to film ends begin with the bids farewell to Rachel at the airport, both knowing their relationship would never work out. After the plane starts to take off, Rachel suddenly orders the plane to stop, jumps out and runs to Frank for one last passionate kiss. Screen fades to Rachel performs "I Will Always Love You" on a stage screen fades to the movie closes to film closes with closing credits begin to roll on elsewhere Frank is keeping a vigilant eye on his next assignment while a priest is seen holding a cross similar to the one he gave Rachel with the first Presbyterian Church in Iowa Rapids and to potraits as the background situation the song of "I Will Always Love You" by Whitney Houston plays and screen fades to black with the closing song of "Queen of the Night" by Whitney Houston plays. In the credit ends, the Tig Productions logo is shown (due to closing song of "Queen of the Night" by Whitney Hoston plays) until Warner Bros end of logo. 
 No Way Out (1987)761) A coverup and witchhunt occur after a politician accidentally kills his mistress. Tom Farrell is a navy officer who gets posted at the Pentagon and is to report to the secretary of defense David Brice. He starts an affair with Susan Atwell not knowing that she is Brice's mistress. When Susan is found dead, Tom is assigned to the case of finding the killer who is believed to be a KGB mole! Tom could soon become a suspect when a Polaroid negative of him was found at Susan's place. He now has only a few hours to find the killer before the computer regenerates the photo. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> In Washington, the Defense Secretary David Brice has a political dispute with Senator William 'Billy' Duvall about the project of a submarine. He asks his advisor Scott Pritchard to invite the Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell, who has become a national hero after rescuing a sailor during a storm, to join his team. Farrell meets Susan Atwell in a party and they have a torrid love affair. Farrell Learns that Susan is Brice's mistress but he falls in love with her. They spend a weekend together and when they return to Susan's apartment, Brice rings the bell. The upset Farrell leaves the apartment and sees Brice waiting for Susan. Brice has an argument with Susan and pushes her from the balcony. She falls on a glass table and dies. Brice panics and reports the accident to Pritchard. However, the Machiavellian chief of staff accuses the imaginary Soviet mole Yuri of murdering Susan. Farrell is assigned to lead the investigations to find the identity of Yuri, and gets in serious situation with the presence of witnesses of his weekend with Susan and the regeneration of a Polaroid photo that was found in Susan's apartment. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Commander Tom Farrell of the US Navy's hired to work for Secretary of Defense Brice after being introduced by Scott Pritchard, Brice's General Counsel and Farrell's former college mate. Tom also meets Susan Atwell, and they begin a relationship. It isn't until they fall in love when Susan discloses to Tom she's Brice's mistress. When Brice discovers that Susan's seeing another man (Tom), Brice accidentally kills her in a fit of jealousy. In an effort to protect Brice from being charged with murder, Pritchard devises a plan which they will pin Susan's murder on a suspected but unsubstantiated Soviet spy. During the investigation, Tom has to protect himself against anyone finding out he was Susan's lover and therefore a suspect, but it may be difficult, because of Pritchard's plan to protect Brice at any cost. Huggo Washington Defense Secretary David Brice has a political dispute with Senator William 'Billy' Duvall about the project of a submarine. He asks his advisor Scott Pritchard to invite the Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell, who has become a national hero after rescuing a sailor during a storm, to join his team. Farrell meets Susan Atwell at a party and they have a torrid love affair. Farrell Learns that Susan is Brice's mistress but he falls in love with her. They spend a weekend together and when they return to Susan's apartment, Brice rings the bell. The upset Farrell leaves the apartment and sees Brice waiting for Susan. Brice has an argument with Susan and pushes her from the balcony which kills her. Brice panics and reports the accident to Pritchard. However, the Cunning chief of staff accuses the imaginary Soviet mole Yuri of murdering Susan. Farrell is assigned to lead the investigations to find the identity of Yuri. Now he must find the real killer before the computer regenerates the Polaroid negative of the two found in Sudan's apartment. janie David Brice, the Secretary of Defense is feuding with a powerful Senator over a project that Brice wants to discontinue which the Senator wants to push through and Brice knows that the Senator will the Director of the CIA whom he has in his pocket to get an edge on Brice. So Brice has Tom Farrell a Naval Intelligence officer assigned to him to help combat the Director. Farrell upon arriving in Washington hooks up with Susan Atwell a woman whom he had a brief liaison with when he was in Washington a few months ago. He doesn't know that Atwell is Brice's mistress as well. When Brice learns that she's been seeing someone else kills her. Now to find the man she's been seeing so that he could not tell anyone about her and Brice, Scott Pritchard, Brice's confidant suggests that they claim that Yuri, a Russian spy whom some people believe is an urban legend killed her. So the search commences, Farrell tries to find a way to get Brice to stop the search before they find him cause he knows Pritchard plans to kill the guy when they find him. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. U.S. Navy Lieutenant Commander Tom Farrell (Kevin Costner) is being interrogated by two men about how he first met Secretary of Defense David Brice (Gene Hackman). Several months earlier.... Farrell describes being invited to an inaugural ball in Washington DC by his college buddy Scott Pritchard (Will Patton), who intends to introduce him to Brice. Pritchard hopes that Brice will transfer Farrell to the Pentagon. On meeting Farrell, Brice is unimpressed and virtually ignores him. Moments later, Farrell begins flirting with another guest, Susan Atwell (Sean Young). The two have sex in her limousine and a little later at the apartment of Nina Beka (Iman), a friend of Susan's, even though she has admitted to Farrell that she is also involved with a married man. The next day, Farrell bids her good-bye at the airport, on his way back to active duty; but their one-night encounter has clearly had a profound romantic effect on both of them. Farrell returns to sea and single-handedly rescues a crewman from being washed overboard during a storm. Brice reads a newspaper story about the rescue and orders Farrell transferred from the Phillippines to his intelligence staff. Brice and Pritchard, Brice's second-in-command, orient him to his new assignment which clearly involves surreptitiously getting secret information from other government agencies, such as the CIA, and passing it on to Brice. Farrell also finds that he may be at times working with Sam Hesselman (George Dzundza), an old friend now working in the Pentagon's new computer center as its chief programmer-analyst. But before this, Farrell has already gone to Susan's apartment, where their fledgling romance is re-ignited in earnest. The only hitch comes when she tells Farrell that her married "consort" is his superior, David Brice. Some time later, after Susan and Farrell return from a romantic weekend in the country, Brice visits her unexpectedly. After urging a hurt and jealous Farrell to leave through the back door, Susan assures him that she loves him and will leave Brice. Brice sees a man leaving Susan's house but cannot see that it was Farrell. After Susan lets him in, the suspicious Brice demands to know the name of her other lover, but Susan refuses and orders him to leave. Brice becomes enraged, slaps her several times, and accidentally pushes Susan to her death over an upstairs railing. Brice then rushes to Pritchard's apartment and tearfully confesses what has happened, stating he is ready to turn himself in since he had been seen by Susan's other lover. However, Pritchard suggests that if the other man is made out to be a suspected Russian KGB sleeper agent code-named "Yuri", then Susan's death could be made a matter of national security and "Yuri" could be killed "in the line of duty" by operatives under Pritchard's control. Pritchard then cleans Susan's house of all evidence that Brice was there, and discovers the negative of a photograph Susan had taken of Farrell earlier. The negative shows a very poor, unidentifiable image of a man. CID officers, commanded by Major Donovan (Jason Bernard), scour Susan's apartment for evidence. Pritchard secretes the negative which possibly shows the murderer into the items brought in by the agents. Initially the negative, along with a few others, seems to be too faint to reveal a picture, but attempts to enhance the blurred image via computer begin to bear fruit when it is given to Hesselman. Meanwhile, as his initial shock begins to wear away, Farrell becomes convinced that Brice is the actual murderer and that Pritchard is helping him cover up the crime. At the same time, he becomes aware that the most valuable pieces of evidence so far accumulated would make him the prime suspect. Farrell determines to play along with the bogus investigation until he can develop evidence linking Brice to Susan, so that he can defend himself against being charged with both murder and espionage (as "Yuri"). Farrell learns that one piece of evidence is a Moroccan jewel box he's seen, a gift to Susan from Brice. As any foreign gift must be registered with the State Department, Farrell gets Hesselman to "raid" State's computerized registry of such items, which should link the gift to Brice by name. However, Farrell's plan begins unraveling when Pritchard finds an address book of Susan's with Nina's name in it. When Pritchard and Farrell roust Nina for information about Susan's "men", she pretends not to recognize Farrell but Pritchard learns she has heard the name "Brice". Pritchard sends two former CIA assassins to eliminate her. Overhearing this, Farrell races from the building and engages the assassins while warning Nina, who goes safely into hiding. This activity raises Pritchard's suspicions of Farrell's loyalty to Brice and himself, as well as his motives for attempting to disrupt the cover-up. Farrell convinces Hesselman to delay the enhancement work on the photograph by confiding to him that he and Susan were in love and it will be him who is seen if the photo is cleared up. Other CID officers bring in two witnesses, who saw "Yuri" with Susan during their romantic weekend, to Donovan. They cross paths with Farrell in the Pentagon corridors and recognize him at a distance. The CID begins a search of the Pentagon on grounds that "Yuri" is somewhere in the building, using the witnesses to identify him. Farrell eludes the search and tells Hesselman that Brice had slept with and killed Susan. Thinking that Farrell is delusional, Hesselman tells Pritchard about Farrell's relationship with Susan and his belief that Brice murdered her. Pritchard thanks Hesselman... and then executes him. Still trying to avoid the search, Farrell returns to Hesselman's office, where the printout of State's registry has linked the jewel case with Brice. He confronts Brice with this evidence and threatens to go to the police if the search is not called off. After Donovan reports that Hesselman has been murdered by "Yuri", Pritchard tells Brice that Farrell was Susan's lover, then adds that if the man in the photo is "Yuri" then Farrell must be "Yuri", and Brice will still be in the clear as he (Pritchard) will claim that Brice was at his home the night Susan was killed. Knowing that Farrell has the printout, Brice improvises a different story: Pritchard, who is homosexual, killed Susan because he was jealous of Brice's relationship with her. The devastated Pritchard commits suicide and, when guards break in, is accused of having been "Yuri", concluding the search for the spy and murderer. Farrell quietly sends the printout by courier to the Director of the CIA, an enemy of Brice, then leaves the Pentagon, as the finished image enhancement of the photograph positively reveals Farrell as Susan's lover. A little later on the next day, Farrell is picked up by two men while sitting despondently at Susan's grave; they are the ones who were interrogating him at the film's beginning. It is revealed in this out-of-the blue twist that Farrell actually IS "Yuri", a Russian mole in the Department of Defense. The KGB ordered Farrell to seduce Brice's mistress to gather intelligence from her. Farrell's handler is revealed to be his quirky artist-landlord Mr. Schiller (Michael Shillo), who tells "Yuri" that America is no longer safe for him, and that it is time for him to return to the Soviet Union. Revealing that he genuinely loved Susan, Farrell refuses and tells his handlers that he is finished being a spy. After Farrell leaves the safe house, the two Russian agents want to chase after him, his handler stops them and snaps, "He'll return. Where else does he have to go?" 
 The Postman (1997)44) A nameless drifter dons a postman's uniform and bag of mail as he begins a quest to inspire hope to the survivors living in post-apocalyptic America. 2013,Post-Apocalyptic America. An unnamed wanderer retrieves a Postman's uniform and undelivered bag of mail. He decides to pose as a postman and deliver the mail to a nearby town, bluffing that the United States government has been reinstated and tricking the town into feeding him. However, he reluctantly becomes a symbol of hope to the townspeople there who begin to remember the world that once was and giving them the courage to stand up to a tyrannical warlord and his army. In the year 2013 civilization has all but destroyed itself. After a war that decimated the government and most of the population of the United States (possibly the world) people struggle to survive against starvation and rogue groups of armed men. One such group is called the Wholeness. This group is bigger than any other and their leader, General Bethlehem, has delusions of ruling the country. A drifter is captured by the group and forced to join. He escapes at the first chance and happens on a mail jeep with a skeleton in it. The skeleton is wearing a postal uniform and the drifter takes it to keep him warm. He also finds a mailbag and starts conning people with old letters. The hope he sees in the people he delivers to changes his plans and he decides that he must help bring the Holnists down. <KingVegeta8@yahoo.com> Set in 2013, after the war has destroyed most of USA, including the government. A solitary traveler is captured by a fascist military group called the Holnists led by Hitler-like General Bethlehem. When he escapes from the Holnists he finds an abandoned mail Jeep and uniform, and starts to travel through small cities, telling them he is a postman, a representative of the restored United States. No one believes him at first, but soon he has followers, and they start to prepare a revolt against Holnists. Gustaf Molin <gustaf.molin@usa.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 