nm0005110:

 That '70s Show (1998 )55) A comedy revolving around a group of teenage friends, their mishaps, and their coming of age, set in 1970s Wisconsin. Eric Forman is a typical high school student growing up in Wisconsin in 1976 with his family and his friends. Together, they have the same kind of joys and sorrows that just about every teenager has while growing up. This show parodied many of the attitudes, events and fads of the 70s, along with those who grew up at the time. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Back in the days of Led Zeppelin 8-tracks, TaB colas, and Farrah Fawcett posters, "That '70s Show" continues to flashback to the times where bell bottoms were the hip thing. Set in the Wisconsin suburbs, Eric Forman lives under the authority of his parents, Red and Kitty. Next door is his girlfriend/neighbor, Donna Pinciotti and her parents Bob and Midge. The rest of the gang includes Jackie, and her on again-off again boyfriend, Kelso, Hyde, a conspiracy theorist who believes Xerox will take over the world, and Fez, a foreign exchange student who is soaking up American culture like a sponge. The gang mostly likes to spend their time in Eric's basement, pondering their lives, parents, and their futures, but they get into many funny mishaps and adventures in their teenage lives. Scott That 70's Show revolves the lives of several 17-year-olds living in Point Place, Wisconsin, 1976. The head of the group is Eric Forman who lives under the authority of parents Red and Kitty. Living next door is girlfriend Donna Pinciotti and her parents Bob and Midge. The rest of the gang includes Fez, a foreign-exchange student who's soaking up American culture like a sponge, Jackie Burkhart, her on-again, off-again boyfriend Michael Kelso, and Steven Hyde, a conspiracy theorist who believes Xerox will take over the world. The gang usually spends their time in Eric's basement, thinking of their lives, parents, and futures, but they manage to get into funny adventures and mishaps along the way through their teenage lives. Alex Madison <SouthParkFan1-2905> Set in the mid-late 1970s, when Nixon was president, Pink Floyd and Led Zepplin were big, Pong was America's #1 video game, shaggy orange and green carpets, and sodas and cars were cheap, "That '70s Show" follows the daily lives of 6 teenagers led by Eric Foreman, while living in the fictional suburb of Point Place, Wisconsin. The 6 have been friends since grade school, with the exception of Fez, who is from an unknown country. From the luxury and comfort of the Foreman basement and Fatso Burger, two of the gangs local hangouts to the speed of Eric's Vista Cruiser, the gang shares many misadventures alongside their families while growing up and trying to survive Midwestern suburbia in the decade that brought America to its knees. Kidd-Carl It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Killers (2010)321) A vacationing woman meets her ideal man, leading to a swift marriage. Back at home, however, their idyllic life is upset when they discover their neighbors could be assassins who have been contracted to kill the couple. Spencer Aimes is just your average, undercover, government-hired super-assassin accustomed to a life of exotic European locales, flashy sports cars and even flashier women. But when he meets Jen Kornfeldt, a beautiful, fun-loving computer tech recovering from a bad break-up, he finds true love...and happily trades international intrigue for domestic bliss. Three years later, Spencer and Jen are still enjoying a picture-perfect marriage - that is, until the morning after Spencer's 30th birthday. That's when Spencer and Jen learn he's the target of a multi-million dollar hit. Even worse, the hired killers have been stalking the happy couple for years, and could be anyone: friends, neighbors, the grocery store clerk, even that crabby old guy shuffling across the street. Now Spencer and Jen are on the run for their lives. As their suburban paradise turns into a paranoid game of dodge-the-bullet, they must find out who wants Spencer dead and why, all the while trying to save their marriage, manage his in-laws, keep up neighborly appearances ... and just plain survive. Lionsgate Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After a break-up with a spontaneous boyfriend, an overly cautious Jennifer "Jen" Kornfeldt (Katherine Heigl) travels to Nice with her parents (Tom Selleck and Catherine O'Hara). While going into an elevator to go to her hotel room, she meets Spencer Aimes (Ashton Kutcher). Spencer asks her to dinner and she accepts. The scene then changes to Spencer sneaking onto a boat, putting a cellphone-triggered bomb on the bottom of a helicopter, then taking out a guard. He then swims back and goes on the date with Jen. After a night of drinking, Jen reveals that she's not the spontaneous person she's been pretending to be and in return Spencer bluntly tells her that he's an assassin, albeit unhappy about being one. Unfortunately she's already passed out and hasn't heard. In spite of this, Spencer decides that Jen's the woman he's been looking for and decides to marry her. When Spencer tells his boss, Holbrook (Martin Mull), his plan, the response is that quitting is not an option. Spencer is defiant and goes ahead with his plan. Three years later, they are settled into their new normal life. After Spencer surprises Jen with a remodeled office, she gives him a birthday surprise: tickets to Nice to celebrate his birthday and their three years. Because of his dubious connections to Nice, Spencer is less than enthusiastic. When her friends ask about his reaction, they take it as signs of that he might be getting bored and fill her head with doubts. Meanwhile, Spencer gets a postcard from his old boss and the ultimatum to take another assignment. While trying to refuse him long distance, Jen's father shows up to take Spencer to dinner, so Spencer hangs up the phone, prompting suspicion in Mr. Kornfeldt. This is fueled further when Jen's dad sees the postcard and quizzes him about the XOXX (hugs and kisses), being odd coming from a former boss. Stopping home to change, Spencer finds that the dinner invitation is just a detour to bring him to a surprise party. While Spencer navigates drunken friends, Jen's friends continue to fill her head with doubts over Spencer's lack of enthusiasm for the Nice trip. This is further irritated, when the following morning, despite her attempts to be physical with him, Spencer rushes Jen off on her business trip. A little while later, Jen comes back (without having gone on her trip) to find Spencer being tossed around their house by Henry (Rob Riggle), Spencer's friend and co-worker. Spencer screams for her to get his gun (of which she was unaware) and she shoots the attacker in the arm. While interrogating the attacker, he reveals that there is a $20 million bounty on Spencer's head. An unidentified sniper takes shots at them, and Spencer and Jen flee. After escaping, they go to a hotel room where Spencer's old boss is staying, but find that someone has already killed him. Jen demands that they go to her dad for help, but Spencer disagrees. In the middle of their argument Jen vomits, and declares that she might be pregnant. Heading back to his office for Jen to take a pregnancy test, Spencer is attacked by his secretary (Katheryn Winnick) and realizes that there are others who know about the contract. Jen then reveals that she is pregnant and is leaving Spencer. Left alone, Spencer is attacked by a UDE driver, who is killed by Olivia (Lisa Ann Walter), Henry's wife and another killer vying for the contract. She then attacks Spencer and is killed by an explosion, after Jen rams her car. The two discuss their possible future and return to their neighborhood, which is holding its annual block party. When they first arrive they are attacked by two assailants. They escape and head to the block party. As they walk through the block party they receive many suspicious looks from neighbors. They enter their house to retrieve guns and their passports. Spencer is grabbing the guns when he is attacked by two assassins who he eventually kills. Meanwhile, one assassin, Kristen (Casey Wilson), one of Jen's best friends, holds Jen's mother as a hostage in a Mexican standoff with Jen. Jen's father arrives and kills Kristen. He then explains that he was the one who put out the bounty on Spencer. He knew of Spencer's previous work, and hired the neighbors and co-workers three years before in case Spencer started working for his old boss again, who Jen's father says had "gone dirty." After seeing the postcard from Holbrook in Spencer's office, he came to the conclusion that Spencer had re-accepted his old job and activated the assassins. He reveals that he had been an operative as well, and that he was actually the target Spencer was supposed to kill in Nice three years earlier. Wanting to prove that he really did get out of the business and had no desire to kill her father, Spencer drops his gun. Jen, now convinced, turns on her father and reveals her pregnancy. Realizing that he will be a grandfather, Jen's father also puts down his gun and the family makes peace. The movie ends showing Spencer and Jen's father working on some wires near Spencer and Jen's baby's crib. Spencer and Jen then leave to let Jen's mom and dad babysit. They all leave the room and when they close the doors lasers turn on to protect the baby. 
 What Happens in Vegas (2008)651) A man and a woman are compelled, for legal reasons, to live life as a couple for a limited period of time. At stake is a large amount of money. Set in Sin City, story revolves around two people who discover they've gotten married following a night of debauchery, with one of them winning a huge jackpot after playing the other's quarter. Unhappy pair try to undermine each other and get their hands on the money -- falling in love along the way. Marisa_Gabriella Joy McNally is driven career woman who is engaged but when her fianc grows tired of her uptight attitude; he breaks up with her. Jack Fuller is a guy who likes to goof off, which makes his boss who also happens to be his father, fire him. Feeling down they both go to Las Vegas to forget about what happened to them. When they get there, a computer error puts them in the same room. And after getting drunk, they wake up to discover they got married, which they both want to get out of. But when they win 3 million dollars, the ownership of which comes into question. When they decide to take it to court, the judge decides that they should remain married for 6 months and attend counseling sessions. So Joy moves in with Jack. And they both learn that if one of them asks to get out of the marriage, the other will get the money. So they each try to drive the other to want to get out of the marriage. rcs0411@yahoo.com After a wild night out of hard-partying and drowning their sorrows in dazzling Las Vegas, by a twist of fate, Jack Fuller and Joy McNally end up married. Of course, to continue this fiasco back in New York is out of the question; however, when a staggering $3 million in slot machine winnings come between the unhappy newlyweds, things are bound to get complicated. Now, Jack and Joy must stay together to discover the joys of matrimony and prove that they can make it work if they want to get their hands on the grand prize. Could that fateful trip to Vegas be the prelude to true love? Nick Riganas The clumsy and reckless Jack Fuller is fired by his boss and father and together with his friend and unsuccessful lawyer Hater, they decide to go to Las Vegas to have a good time. Meanwhile the fianc of the workaholic stock broker Joy McNally breaks up their engagement because of her lack of attitude. Her friend and bartender Tipper convinces Joy to spend a couple of days also in Las Vegas. Due to a hotel management mistake, they are lodged in the same room and later they hang around together. During the night, they get completely wasted and on the next morning, Jack and Joy find that they got married. While discussing to briefly end their wedding, Jack borrows a coin from Joy to gamble in the jackpot machine and wins three million dollars. They question in court the ownership of the money and the conservative Judge R. D. Whopper freezes the money and sentence them to live together with Joy moving to Jack's house for six months and attending regular counseling sessions. Each one decides to make the life of the other hell on Earth to force to get out of the marriage. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In New York City, high-strung stockbroker Joy Ellis McNally (Cameron Diaz) is dumped by her fianc at his surprise birthday she threw for him in front of all their friends while at the same time easy-going carpenter Jack Fuller (Ashton Kutcher) is fired from his job by his father, Jack, Sr. (Treat Williams). Both become emotionally distraught and, with their best friends Stripper (Lake Bell), a bartender and Shitter (Rob Corddry), a District Attorney, take a debauched trip to Las Vegas. They meet by chance when they are given the same hotel room because of a computer error. After clearing up the misunderstanding and receiving upgraded rooms and coupons to various clubs, they party and drink together and Joy and Jack end up getting married. The next morning, they realize it was a mistake and decide to divorce. Before they do so, Jack uses a quarter Joy gives him in a slot machine. He hits a $3,000,000 dollar jackpot and Joy reminds Jack that they are married and hence, she is entitled to half of the money. The couple returns to New York, where they attempt to divorce. Their judge (Dennis Miller) declares that the couple cannot divorce until they attempt to co-exist for six months, while attending weekly sessions with a marriage counselor (Queen Latifah). If they work at the marriage but still want to divorce after six months, each will be permitted to keep half the winnings. If either party does not cooperate, the money will be tied up in litigation by the judge. The newlyweds devise more and more cunning schemes to undermine each other, such as Jack telling Joy that their counseling session is canceled to prove she's not committed, and Joy inviting girls to their apartment to try to get Jack to cheat on her. Jack gives Joy's ex-fianc Mason (Jason Sudeikis), her engagement ring back without Joy knowing. At Joy's job retreat, Jack and Joy ironically find themselves developing an unexpected sexual attraction to one another and they soon realize that being with each other has brought out the best in both of them. After they get back from the retreat, it's time for the judge to decide what happens to the money. On her way to the hearing, Joy sees her ex-fianc Mason and he tells her that he wants her back. He gives her back the engagement ring and tells her that she is good enough for him. Joy realizes that Jack set her up to get back with him, therefore cheating on him and letting Jack keep the money. Joy walks away from Mason and goes to the hearing. At the hearing, their marriage counselor testifies that the couple truly tried to work on their marriage. The judge decides that they each get 1.5 million dollars, taking away taxes and the bills Joy had run up and Jack had spent on his new woodworking business. Joy tells the judge she doesn't want any money, and gives the engagement ring to Jack, telling him she officially doesn't want anything from him. Jack realizes she knows that he talked to Mason. Joy ends up getting the promotion, but tells her boss that she would rather be happy doing nothing than doing something she hated and being miserable. The next scene is of Jack talking to his parents, and them telling him that it looked like he and Joy were actually in love. Realizing his mistake, he goes to her friend Stripper to find out where she is. Stripper tells Jack that she quit her job - a fact she seems quite disgruntled by - and that nobody knows where she is. He has a suspicion that she has gone to a beach (Fire Island, New York) that she told him about, the only place that makes her feel truly happy. Jack asks her to be his wife (again) and she says yes. As the two embrace, Joy says that she quit her job and has no idea what she's going to do. Jack reminds her that they have a lot of money between them. Joy states that they hit the jackpot, to which Jack replies that he certainly did (referring both to the money and to Joy). In the credits it shows a clip of what happened between Stripper and Shitter the day Jack and Joy got married. It also shows Stripper and Shitter subsequently enacting a plan of revenge on Mason, devised by Stripper earlier in the film. In a post-credits scene, Dave is telling Shitter about a party that evening, but Shitter no longer wants to associate with Dave, citing Jack as being "the glue" that held the two of them together as friends. With that, Shitter simply leaves. The movie ends with Dave randomly asking a random guy on the street if he wants to party. 
 A Lot Like Love (2005)Summaries Unacquainted Emily and Oliver join the mile-high club together on the way from LAX to NYC--end of story. Except that they keep meeting constantly over the next seven years.. On a flight from Los Angeles to New York, Oliver and Emily make a connection, only to decide that they are poorly suited to be together. Over the next seven years, however, they are reunited time and time again, they go from being acquaintances to close friends to ... lovers? IMDb Editors While flying from Los Angeles to New York, "good boy" Oliver Martin meets "bad girl" Emily Friehl and they have sex in the restroom. They stay together all day in New York, when Oliver discloses the planning of his life--his future career, successful job, then raising a family. He gives Emily his mother's phone number and asks her to call six years later to check. For seven years, they occasionally meet, and in the end, their relationship becomes love. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 