nm0000751:

 The Ballad of Little Jo (1993)Summaries After being thrown out of her home, a young woman decides to disguise herself as a man to survive the ruthless Wild West. Based on a true story, this is the tale of Josephine Monaghan, a young woman of the mid nineteenth century who is thrown out of her parents' home after being seduced by the family's portrait photographer and giving birth to his child. Josephine quickly learns that young, female, pretty, and alone are a bad combination for life in the wild west. In her desperation to survive, Josephine disguises herself as "Jo", a young man, and struggles to make a life for herself in a dingy frontier mining town. Can "Little Jo" live and love without revealing his secret? Martin Lewison <lewison@pitt.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Titanic (1997)651) A seventeen-year-old aristocrat falls in love with a kind but poor artist aboard the luxurious, ill-fated R.M.S. Titanic. 84 years later, a 100 year-old woman named Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story to her granddaughter Lizzy Calvert, Brock Lovett, Lewis Bodine, Bobby Buell and Anatoly Mikailavich on the Keldysh about her life set in April 10th 1912, on a ship called Titanic when young Rose boards the departing ship with the upper-class passengers and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, and her fianc, Caledon Hockley. Meanwhile, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets to the ship in a game. And she explains the whole story from departure until the death of Titanic on its first and last voyage April 15th, 1912 at 2:20 in the morning. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> After winning a trip on the RMS Titanic during a dockside card game, American Jack Dawson spots the society girl Rose DeWitt Bukater who is on her way to Philadelphia to marry her rich snob fianc Caledon Hockley. Rose feels helplessly trapped by her situation and makes her way to the aft deck and thinks of suicide until she is rescued by Jack. Cal is therefore obliged to invite Jack to dine at their first-class table where he suffers through the slights of his snobbish hosts. In return, he spirits Rose off to third-class for an evening of dancing, giving her the time of her life. Deciding to forsake her intended future all together, Rose asks Jack, who has made his living making sketches on the streets of Paris, to draw her in the nude wearing the invaluable blue diamond Cal has given her. Cal finds out and has Jack locked away. Soon afterwards, the ship hits an iceberg and Rose must find Jack while both must run from Cal even as the ship sinks deeper into the freezing water. hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com) Deep on the bottom of the sea, some 3,800 metres below the surface of the freezing Atlantic Ocean, lies the wreckage of a ship: the unmistakable carcass of the Titanic, once man's grandest mechanical achievement, now stripped of its former glory. Almost one long century later, intrigued by Titanic's hidden riches, the modern treasure hunter, Brock Lovett, and his well-equipped technical crew, find themselves in the middle of the ocean, digging for answers for the past three years; nevertheless, without any success. But, when centenarian Rose Calvert, one of the few survivors of the Titanic, learns about this ambitious crusade, she decides to unfold her incredible and utterly tragic story; one that intertwines the extraordinary journey of the exquisite, deep-blue Heart-of-the-Ocean diamond of King Louis XVI, with the unlikely romance of Rose and the young bohemian vagabond, Jack Dawson. Now, an emotional trip down memory lane awaits. Can the mistakes of the past teach a lesson in humility to paupers and royalty alike? Nick Riganas Deep-sea explorer Brock Lovett has reached the most famous shipwreck of all - the Titanic. Emerging with a safe believed to contain a diamond called 'The Heart of the Ocean', he discovers the safe does not hold the diamond but a drawing of a beautiful woman wearing it. When Brock is later interviewed on TV, he shows the drawing to the cameras, and a 100-year-old woman named Rose Calvert living in Michigan recognizes the woman in the drawing - herself! On a visit to Brock's explorer ship over the wreck, Rose tells her story of the Titanic and its ill-fated voyage. Engaged to a would-be steel magnate, Caledon Hockley, she boards the Titanic's first-class suites with him and her mother in Southampton. Also boarding are Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi, after a lucky poker game wins them tickets in steerage. When Rose attempts suicide by jumping off the stern in third-class, Jack pulls her back onto the ship... and a bond is forged between them as Jack is invited by her into first-class the following day. Rose's mother and Caledon Hockley try desperate measures to keep them apart. But that strategy goes out the window when the Titanic collides with an iceberg, and due to a design flaw begins to sink - despite being proclaimed 'unsinkable'. Now Rose and Jack must fight to stay alive, but is young Jack already doomed because of his lower status as a steerage passenger? Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) and his team aboard the research vessel Keldysh search the wreck of RMS Titanic for a necklace with a rare diamond, the Heart of the Ocean. They recover a safe containing a drawing of a young woman wearing only the necklace. It is dated April 14, 1912, the day the ship struck the iceberg. Rose Dawson Calvert (Gloria Stuart), claiming to be the person in the drawing, visits Lovett and tells of her experiences aboard the ship. In 1912 Southampton, 17-year-old first-class passenger Rose DeWitt Bukater (Kate Winslet), her fianc Cal Hockley (Billy Zane), and her mother Ruth (Frances Fisher) board the Titanic. Also boarding the ship at Southampton are Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio), a down-on-his-luck sketch artist, and his Italian friend Fabrizio (Danny Nucci). Young Rose, angry and distraught that her mother has apparently arranged the marriage, considers committing suicide by jumping from the stern; Jack manages to pull her back over the rail after she loses her footing & nearly falls into the propellers. Discovered with Jack, Rose tells Cal that she was peering over the edge and Jack saved her from falling. Cal is indifferent, but when Rose indicates some recognition is due, he offers Jack a small amount of money. After Rose asks whether saving her life meant so little, he invites Jack to dine with them in first class the following night, along with several prominent first-class passengers - including the Countess of Rothes, Archibald Gracie (Bernard Fox), Thomas Andrews (Victor Garber), Molly Brown (Kathy Bates), and John Jacob Astor (Eric Braeden) & his wife. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, though Cal and Ruth are wary of him. Following dinner, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in third class. During the party Cal's butler, Spicer Lovejoy (David Warner) stealthily sneaks down the third class staircase to spy on her. After a very tense breakfast the following morning, in which Cal shows an inclination towards violence, Rose becomes even more apprehensive about her upcoming marriage. Ruth emphasizes that Rose's marriage will resolve the DeWitt Bukaters' financial problems. After spotting Rose, Cal and Ruth out on the Boat Deck, Jack stealthily sneaks back into First Class and tries to warn Rose about what she may be facing. Rose rebuffs Jack's advances, but later realizes that she prefers him over Cal. After meeting on the bow at sunset, Rose takes Jack to her state room and displays Cal's engagement present: the Heart of the Ocean. At her request, Jack sketches Rose posing nude wearing it. Meanwhile, in the First-Class Smoking Room, Cal's butler informs him that none of the stewards have seen Rose at all that night. Cal orders the butler to find her. Rose & Jack manage to evade Cal's bodyguard and have sex in an automobile inside the cargo hold. They later visit the forward well deck, and while on it, the lookouts spot an iceberg directly in the ship's path. Orders are given to turn the ship hard a-starboard and run the engines full astern, but the ship takes too long to make the turn and the starboard side scrapes along the iceberg, causing substantial damage to the watertight compartments, including the cargo hold where Jack & Rose had been having sex in the automobile. Jack & Rose witness the collision with the iceberg and overhear the officers and designer discussing its seriousness. On the bridge, builder Thomas Andrews, Captain Smith (Bernard Hill), the ship's officers and White Star Line Managing Director Bruce Ismay (Jonathan Hyde) discuss the damage. The water has reached 14 feet above the keel in 10 minutes and has flooded 5 watertight compartments. Mr. Andrews warns that because of a design flaw, the water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads at E Deck, and this will cause the ship to sink. He gives an hour, two at most, for the ship to remain afloat. Cal discovers Jack's sketch of Rose and a mocking note from her in his safe along with the necklace. When Jack and Rose attempt to tell Cal of the collision, he has his butler slip the necklace into Jack's pocket and accuses him of theft. He is arrested, taken to the Master-at-arms' office, and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his own coat pocket. With the ship sinking, Rose is desperate to free Jack. She flees Cal and her mother, who has boarded a lifeboat, and rescues him. They return to the boat deck, where Cal and Jack encourage her to board a lifeboat; Cal claims he can get himself and Jack off safely. After Rose boards one, Cal tells Jack the arrangement is only for himself. As her boat lowers, Rose decides that she cannot leave Jack and jumps back on board. Jack confronts her, angrily at first, but his angers soon turns to affection and they share a series of kisses at the bottom of the Grand Staircase. Cal, seeing this, takes his butler's pistol and chases Rose and Jack into the flooding first class dining saloon. After using up his ammunition, Cal realizes he gave his coat and consequently the necklace to Rose. Jack & Rose are forced to flee below decks to escape Cal, and narrowly escape drowning themselves. They become trapped behind a locked gate, but Jack manages to free them just as the rising water reaches their heads. Out on the Boat Deck, Cal decides to make his own escape. He reminds the First Officer of the arrangement made earlier, but the officer angrily turns on Cal and refuses to allow him boarding. When he spots a lost child hiding behind a winch, he takes the child and is subsequently allowed into a collapsible lifeboat by Chief Officer Wilde. As Cal and others board the collapsible, the water surges into the bridge & wheelhouse, drowning Captain E.J. Smith and causing Cal's boat to start floating off the deck. By now the stern is staring to rise out of the water and the remaining passengers are running farther & farther aft. After braving several obstacles, Jack and Rose return to the boat deck. All the lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. Water now crashes through the huge dome over the Grand Staircase, drowning those passengers trapped inside. Jack & Rose reach the very stern - where they had first met - and take up positions on it by climbing over the rail, next to Chief Baker Charles Joughin. The ship breaks in half, causing the stern to crash down into the water and killing Lovejoy, the butler. As the bow breaks off it pulls the stern back into the air, leaving it sitting there for a minute. Jack and Rose ride it into the ocean as it fills with water and then plunges to the bottom. As Jack & Rose let go of the stern, the Titanic disappears into the darkness below them, and they both swim to the surface to find themselves in a massive mob of passengers and crew. Within minutes, Rose & Jack find a piece of paneling from the Grand Staircase, and he helps her onto the wooden panel only buoyant enough for one person. Holding the edge, he assures her that she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. He dies of hypothermia but she is saved when Fifth Officer Lowe & some crewmen return to try to find survivors. With Rose hiding from Cal en route, the RMS Carpathia takes the survivors to New York. There she gives her name as Rose Dawson. She later learns that Cal committed suicide after losing everything in the 1929 Wall Street Crash. Lovett abandons his search after hearing Rose's story. Alone on the stern of the Keldysh, Rose takes out the Heart of the Ocean - in her possession all along - and drops it into the sea over the wreck site. While she is seemingly asleep in her bed, photos on her dresser depict a life of freedom and adventure, partly inspired by Jack. A young Rose returns to the ship - at first, a gloomy wreck on the bottom - but as Rose reaches the Promenade Deck the ship begins to glow with light. As she enters the Grand Staircase she is greeted by those who perished on the ship - including the Titanic's band, First Officer Murdoch, Thomas Andrews, Jack's friends Fabrizio & Tommy Ryan, and standing at the clock is Jack himself. He extends a hand and they reunite, to the happy cheers of the perished passengers & crew. 
 The Usual Suspects (1995)761) A sole survivor tells of the twisty events leading up to a horrific gun battle on a boat, which began when five criminals met at a seemingly random police lineup. Following a truck hijack in New York, five criminals are arrested and brought together for questioning. As none of them are guilty, they plan a revenge operation against the police. The operation goes well, but then the influence of a legendary mastermind criminal called Keyser Sze is felt. It becomes clear that each one of them has wronged Sze at some point and must pay back now. The payback job leaves 27 men dead in a boat explosion, but the real question arises now: Who actually is Keyser Sze? Soumitra After a number of people are killed and a cargo ship set on fire, Roger 'Verbal' Kint is questioned by U.S. Customs Agent Dave Kujan. Reluctant at first, Verbal begins to tell them what happened starting with when he met four men, all criminals, sharing a holding cell for a few hours. Together, they join forces to successfully hijack a jewel shipment and head to Los Angeles to lay low. There they are contacted by a lawyer, Kobayashi, representing the much-feared international criminal Keyser Sze who wants them to do a job for him. The result is the attack on the cargo ship. Verbal refuses to give evidence in the case and is set free. Only then does Kujan realize what's really happened. garykmcd Police investigating an exploded boat on a San Pedro pier discover 27 bodies and $91 million worth of drug money. The only survivors are a severely burned and very scared Hungarian terrorist and Verbal Kint, a crippled con-man. Reluctantly, Kint is pressured into explaining exactly what happened on the boat. His story begins six weeks earlier with five criminals being dragged in by New York police desperate for suspects on a hijacked truck and ends with the possible identification of a criminal mastermind. John Weeks <J.T.Weeks1@Student.derby.ac.uk> After a waterfront explosion, Verbal, an eye-witness and participant tells the story of events leading up to the conflagration. The story begins when five men are rounded up for a line-up, and grilled about a truck hijacking (the usual suspects). Least pleased is Keaton: a crooked cop - exposed, indicted, but now desperately trying to go straight. The cops won't leave him alone, however, and as they wait for their lawyers to post bail, he is talked into doing one more job with the other four. All goes tolerably well until the influence of the legendary, seemingly omnipotent "Keyser Sze" is felt. Although set in the modern day, it has much of the texture of the forties, plus suspense, intrigue (a fairly high body count), and lots of twists in the plot. <Phil.Kilby@dit.csiro.au> This is a film about five men who are hauled into the New York police station because a crime was committed and they are the usual suspects. They all agree to do a job together for a little revenge. However, little do they know that someone else has the strings and that they are all the puppets--all because each of them crossed the wrong person at the wrong time. After the big job, 27 people are dead, and there are two survivors. But the question is...who's the one controlling everything? thexotherxchris Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the deck of a ship in San Pedro, California, a figure identified as Keyser speaks with an injured man called Keaton. The two talk briefly, then Keyser appears to shoot Keaton before setting the ship ablaze. The next day, FBI Agent Jack Baer ( Giancarlo Esposito ) and U.S. Customs special agent Dave Kujan ( Chazz Palminteri ) arrive in San Pedro separately to investigate what happened on the boat. 27 people have been killed in the fire. There appear to be only two survivors: a crippled man named Roger 'Verbal' Kint ( Kevin Spacey ) and a hospitalized Hungarian criminal and crewman. Baer interrogates the Hungarian, who claims that Keyser Sze, a Turkish criminal mastermind with a nearly mythical reputation, was in the harbor "killing many men." The Hungarian begins to describe Sze while a translator interprets and a police sketch artist draws a rendering of Sze's face. Meanwhile, Verbal Kint tells the authorities everything he knows in exchange for immunity. After making his statement to the district attorney, Kint is placed in a police station office of Sgt. Jeff Rabin (Dan Hedaya), where both he and Kujan requests to hear the story again, from the beginning.... Verbal's tale starts six weeks earlier in New York City, when an armored truck containing spare gun parts is hijacked in Queens. The driver of the stolen truck was grabbed from behind and never saw the person or persons who accosted him, but the unknown hijacker spoke to him. Subsequently, the NYPD round up five different criminals: Dean Keaton ( Gabriel Byrne ) is a corrupt former police officer who has apparently given up his life of crime, and is arrested while eating dinner at a fancy restaurant; Michael McManus ( Stephen Baldwin ) is a crack shot with a temper and a wild streak, arrested in the middle of the night in his bed; Fred Fenster ( Benicio Del Toro ) is McManus's Hispanic partner who speaks in mangled English, and is nabbed on a street corner; Todd Hockney ( Kevin Pollak ) is a car mechanic and part-time hijacker who forms an instant rivalry with McManus, and is picked up while working on a car in his garage; and Verbal himself, who is a con artist that suffers from cerebral palsy. The five men are brought together for a lineup, and are told to say the phrase, "Give me the keys, you fucking cocksucker." They all manage to butcher the phrase. Later, while sitting in a holding cell, McManus convinces the others to join forces to commit a robbery targeting New York's Finest Taxi service, a group of corrupt NYPD police officers who escort smugglers to their destinations around the city. Their attack on one smuggler (Paul Bartel) goes off without a hitch, with farther reaching consequences as numerous other officers are indicted on corruption charges. With their loot, the quintet travels to California to sell it to McManus's fence, Redfoot ( Peter Greene ). Redfoot talks them into another job: robbing a purported jewel smuggler named Saul Bass. Instead of jewels or money, as they were told he was carrying, the smuggler had heroin. An angry confrontation between the thieves and Redfoot reveals that the job came from a lawyer named Kobayashi ( Pete Postlethwaite ). The five criminals later meet with Kobayashi, who claims to work for Keyser Sze and blackmails them into destroying the cargo of a ship coming to San Pedro harbor. In the present, Verbal Kint tells Kujan the story of Keyser Sze as he apparently heard it. Verbal's flashback reveals Sze's family being harassed by a rival Hungarian gang in Turkey. Sze goes on a murderous vendetta against all those who were involved. Afterwards, he apparently disappears; thereafter, he rarely conducts business without an alias and maintains anonymity between himself and anyone working for him. With time, Sze's story takes on mythic stature, with most people either doubting his existence or disbelieving it entirely. Back in the present, Kint continues to tell his version of what happened then. His flashback resumes to reveal Fenster's attempt to run away, but he is tracked and killed (off-camera) by Kobayashi. The remaining four thieves kidnap Kobayashi, believing Sze to be a cover for his activities and intending to kill him if he does not leave them alone. Before McManus can execute him, Kobayashi reveals that lawyer Edie Finneran ( Suzy Amis ), Keaton's girlfriend, is in his office. Kobayashi also says that he has the will, the information, and the means to injure or kill the remaining four criminals' relatives if they do not go through with the arrangement. On the night of the cocaine deal, the sellers--a group of Argentine mobsters--are on the dock, as are the buyers--a group of Hungarian mobsters. Keaton tells Verbal to stay back, and to take the money to Edie if the plan goes awry so she can pursue Kobayashi "her way;" Verbal reluctantly agrees to do so. He watches the boat from a distance, in hiding, as Keaton, McManus and Hockney attack the men at the pier in a huge gunfight. During the battle, Hockney is killed as Keaton and McManus discover separately that there is no cocaine on the boat. Meanwhile, the Hungarians, yet untouched by the thieves, are being picked off by an unseen killer, and a closely-guarded Hispanic passenger is killed by an unseen assailant. McManus is killed with a knife to the back of his neck, and Keaton, turning away to leave, is shot in the back. A figure in a dark coat appears, presumably Keyser Sze, and lights a cigarette with a gold lighter. He appears to speak briefly with Keaton before apparently shooting him (the scene which began the film in medias res). In the present, with Verbal's story finished, Kujan reveals what he has deduced, with the aide of Agent Baer: The boat hijacking was not about cocaine, but rather to ensure that one man aboard the ship--the Hispanic passenger held captive, named Arturo (Castulo Guerra), one of the few individuals alive who could positively identify Sze--is killed. After Sze presumably killed the man, he eliminated everyone else on the ship and set it ablaze; Kujan reveals that Edie has also been killed. Kujan has concluded that Keaton was Keyser Sze. Verbal admits that the whole affair, from the beginning, was Keaton's idea. His bail having been posted, Verbal departs with his immunity. Verbal retrieves his personal effects from the property officer as Kujan, relaxing in Rabin's office that he used for the interrogation, notices that details and names from Verbal's story are words appearing on various objects around the room. 'Redfoot' is the name on a wanted poster, for example, and 'Kobayashi' is written on the bottom of a coffee cup that Verbal handled earlier. Quickly putting the pieces together, Kujan realizes that Verbal made up practically the entire story as he talked. He runs outside just as a fax arrives with the police artist's impression of Keyser Sze's face.... which resembles Verbal Kint. As he leaves the police station, Verbal's distinctive limp gradually disappears and he shakes out his palsied hand. He steps into a waiting car driven by "Mr. Kobayashi," departing just as Kujan comes outside to see too late that Kint is gone. Verbal Kint is Keyser Sze, so how much of his narration was truthful is open to interpretation. 
 Blown Away (1994)Summaries An Irish bomber escapes from prison and targets a member of the Boston bomb squad. Jimmy Dove works for the bomb squad in Boston and he is always the one who is on the tough jobs. One day he decides to quit the force and to become a teacher for the rookies of the squad. A few days later his former partner is killed by a bomb and Jimmy becomes suspicious that maybe this bomb could have been built by a former friend of himself. He begins to investigate and finds out that his worst nightmare has returned from his past. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> There's a serial bomber loose in Boston, and he has killed Blanket, a member of Boston's bomb squad and the best friend of explosives expert Jimmy Dove. Dove has just retired from the bomb squad to marry a violinist named Kate, who has an 11-year-old daughter named Elizabeth. Haunted by grisly flashbacks, Dove soon figures out the identity of the bomber -- Irish explosives expert Ryan Gaerity, a man who is so radical in his views that even the IRA wants nothing to do with him. Gaerity has escaped from the maximum security Castle Gleigh prison in Ireland, using a bomb made from ingredients that include blood, wool, and a porcelain toilet. Gaerity has fled to Boston, where he saw Dove, who had just disarmed a bomb planted in a MIT computer lab, painted as a reluctant hero on TV. Gaerity was furious: it's because of Dove that he's spent years in prison. Dove was born Liam McGivney, and he used to be a naive Irish patriot. Gaerity recruited him and taught him to build bombs, and Gaerity conceived a terrorist plan that went terribly wrong. Liam helped Gaerity build a bomb, then he realized that Gaerity intended to detonate it on a crowded street. Liam tried to stop Gaerity from detonating the bomb, but bomb device went off, killing a lot of people, including Gaerity's sister. Liam escaped from Ireland and made his way to America, where he changed his name to Jimmy Dove. Gaerity was arrested, tried, and imprisoned until his escape. Gaerity, who has now taken up residence in an abandoned gambling ship called the Dolphin, has decided to get revenge on Dove, and Gaerity started terrorizing the bomb squad by killing Blanket. Now, Dove is the only one who can stop Gaerity. Todd Baldridge It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 