nm0001107:

 Moving (1988)321) Arlo accepts what seems to him to be a dream promotion to Idaho. He soon discovers, however, that moving has its own share of problems. Meet Arlo Pear! He's a family man with a loving wife, a rebellious daughter, twin sons, and a half-dead dog, he's also got a nice job with the city in New Jersey. He's a mass transit engineer. But one day Arlo is fired so he must try to get another job. He finds a similar one to his old one, except it's in Boise, Idaho. Sounds good to Arlo, so he can finally get away from his insane neighbor who has a lawn mower the size of Pennsylvania. Only problem, how to break it to the family? The decision is soon made: they're moving. Now they've got to sell their house which has hilarious results, so now they need to get movers. Two former cons now movers show up with King Kong Bundy. Now, they gotta find a new house in Idaho. They soon find their dream house, so they return to New Jersey and head off to Boise. Arlo hires a man (Dana Carvey) to drive his SAAB to Idaho, not knowing he's a man of eight personalities. And if that isn't bad enough, their new house is not what they expected, and their neighbor in New Jeresey's twin brother lives next door and he's got a gigantic mower also. And as if things couldn't get any worse, they do. Arlo loses his new job and the movers never showed up. So now it's time for Arlo to kick some serious A$$! Dylan Self <robocoptng986127@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In New Jersey, mass transportation engineer Arlo Pear (Richard Pryor) loses his job. When he interviews for a position with the engineering firm, G.T.I. Transits, personnel officer Gary Marcus (Dave Thomas) offers him the opportunity to become the head of Research and Development for a new monorail project in Boise, Idaho. Arlo announces the good news to his wife Monica (Beverly Todd), teenage daughter Casey (Stacey Dash), and twin sons Marshall and Randy (Raphael and Ishmael Harris), but none of them want to move to Boise. However, Arlo convinces Monica that if they move, they will no longer live next-door to their terrifying neighbor, Frank Crawford (Randy Quaid), and his extreme lawnmower tractor. Arlo and Monica put their house on the market, but Casey tries to sabotage the sale because she does not want to leave her new boyfriend, Kevin (Don Franklin). After the house is sold, Arlo and Monica travel to Boise to find a house. Arriving at the home of the Cadills, Arlo and Monica think the place is perfect, but as they comment on the various features, Mr. Cadill informs them he will be taking the windows, doors, and swimming pool with him. Assuming Cadill is joking, Arlo and Monica purchase the property and return to New Jersey. In search of a moving company, Arlo interviews Edwards and Perry, but they appear to be such suspicious characters that he hires another moving company instead. Arlo also hires a man named Brad Williams to drive his prized Saab sports car to Boise. Later, Arlo receives a telephone call from neighborhood friends, Arnold and Crystal Butterworth, that Casey is getting married to avoid moving. Thinking she is marrying Kevin, Arlo and Monica are shocked to find Casey at the chapel with Rudy, a man she met at the mall. To stop the marriage, they agree to let Casey live with the Butterworths until she finishes her senior year of high school. On moving day, Arlo is surprised when the truck arrives with Edwards and Perry, newly hired by the moving company. As Edwards and Perry and their large associate, Gorgo, pack the truck, Brad Williams leaves with Arlo's car. Saying goodbye to Casey and the Butterworths, the Pears and their dog, Flipper, leave for Boise. At a roadside restaurant, the twins show Arlo a psychology magazine with an article on the multiple personality disorder, featuring Brad Williams, who has eight separate personalities, on the cover. Arriving at the new house, Arlo finds the house stripped bare. After threatening Mr. Cadill to return everything, Arlo receives a telephone call from Edwards, stating the he and the movers took a detour to New Orleans, Louisiana, for Mari Gras. In the morning, the roar of a lawnmower tractor awakens Arlo. Looking outside, he realizes his new neighbor is Frank Crawford's twin brother, Cornell Crawford. When Brad Williams arrives with Arlo's car, it has been stripped and retrofitted for combat. On Arlo's first day at work, Gary Marcus greets him with the news that the monorail project has been canceled because of high costs. Arlo insists that he can make the project work, but Marcus disagrees and lets him go. Frustrated by misfortunes, Arlo buys firearms, locates the moving van, and commandeers it from Edwards, Perry and Gorgo. He drives the truck to Boise and orders the movers to unload the family's belongings. Arlo is surprised to see that Casey, having missed her family, has joined them. Gary Marcus arrives at the house and rehires Arlo to rejuvenate the monorail project. Hearing the roar of Cornell Crawford's lawnmower tractor, Arlo demands he use a regular lawn mower, and when Cornell refuses, Flipper growls menacingly until he agrees to Arlo's request. With his family intact again, Arlo is content in his new home. 
 Renaissance Man (1994)Summaries A failed businessman is hired by the army to teach a group of underachieving recruits in order to help them pass basic training. A down-on-his-luck businessman desperately takes the only job offered - a teacher in the U.S. Army. His mission: keep a ragtag bunch of underachieving misfits from flunking out of basic training! Be on alert as this unlikely new teacher and his underdog class unexpectedly inspire each other to be all they can be! Anonymous Danny DeVito plays an advertising man who is slowly sliding downhill. When he is fired from his job in Detroit, he signs up for unemployment. One day they find him a job; Teaching thinking skills to Army recruits. He arrives on base to find that there is no structure set up for the class. yusufpiskin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 View from the Top (2003)651) A small-town woman tries to achieve her goal of becoming a flight attendant. Donna Jensen was raised literally and figuratively on the wrong side of the trailer park in Silver Springs, Nevada. She always believed it was her destiny to get out of Silver Springs. After reading Sally Weston's book, Sally who is arguably the most famous now ex-flight attendant in the world, Donna believes the path to leaving Silver Springs is to become a flight attendant despite never having been on an airplane. After an initial bumpy start to this career, Donna shows a natural flair for the job, so much so that she applies to work for world class Royal Airlines, where Sally Weston mentors. After meeting Donna, Sally believes Donna is destined for flight attendant greatness, namely working first class in the New York-Paris flights. Donna believes in herself as a flight attendant, but has to overcome some obstacles, including flight attendant trainer John Witney, who has some hidden anger issues, and her friend Christine Montgomery who also wants to be a great flight attendant despite not having Donna's aptitude at it. In her path to the top of the profession, Donna also has to decide where Ted Stewart, the man with who she falls in love, fits in, he a law student based in the airline flight backwater of Cleveland. Huggo Ever since she was a child, Donna Jensen, a lively small-town girl, had a dream: become a first-class flight attendant to travel to the four corners of the Earth and escape her miserable, unhappy life. However, the road to success is fraught with disappointment, and before long, ambitious Donna will have to face more turbulence than she had planned. When you have a great view of the world from the top, can you choose between career and love? Nick Riganas A comedy centering around Donna, a young woman from meager beginnings, who has high hopes for the future and dreams of living the glamorous life. Donna dreams of becoming a first class international flight attendant, and is willing to do whatever it takes to ensure that her dreams come true. The road to success though, is rarely a smooth flight, and as she begins her trip she encounters more turbulence than even she bargained for. But the real question is whether her bumpy start will force her to leave her real dreams behind, or if it will take her on a journey of a lifetime. Sujit R. Varma Donna's a girl from a small town, who wishes to get out of it and see the world. She reads the book of Sally Weston, a flight attendant who was flown to practically everywhere. She then decides to become a flight attendant at a small commuter airline. After gaining a little experience she decides to apply to a major airline. She convinces her two co-workers, Sherry and Christine to join her. While she and Christine get in, Sherry doesn't. Now Donna is putting her heart and soul into it and after meeting Sally Weston, she is determined to be assigned to an international route. But when the asignments are posted, she is shocked to discover that she is been assigned to a commuter route in Cleveland. While she feels that her dreams have been dashed, she meets a great guy but when she decides that she's going to fight for what she wants, she has to chose between him and it. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Donna Jensen (Gwyneth Paltrow) is a girl from the small town of Silver Springs, Nevada who wishes to see the world and "find herself" in order to get away from her very unhappy home life. Donna grew up in a rural trailer park outside Las Vegas, the only child of a former Las Vegas showgirl, a co-dependent divorcee and alcoholic, who also lives with an abusive, alcoholic unemployed man. At age 10 during a birthday party thrown by her mother, Donna makes a birthday wish to leave Silver Springs forever. After graduating from high school, Donna tries to make ends meet by working as a clerk in a local bargain basement department store, while she deals with her long-term high school boyfriend Tommy (Marc Blucas), whom manages the store. But on Donna's 20th birthday, Tommy breaks up with her via a birthday card after revealing that he has gotten a promotion and a move to Tucson, Arizona but does not want Donna to tag along because he considers her "a small town girl". One day, while drinking alone at a bar, Donna sees on the bar TV set an interview by writer Sally Weston (Candice Bergen) who talks about her recently published autobiography about Sally's life as a flight attendant which is titled 'My Life in the Sky'. After buying a copy and reading the book, Donna decides to follow her destiny by becoming a flight attendant. Donna leaves Silver Springs, never looking back or saying goodbye to her mother or anyone else she knows. Donna's first position is at a small, seedy California commuter airline, called Sierra Airlines, that flies only from Sacramento to Fresno, but this success builds her confidence up over the next year. Donna is encouraged to attend open interviews for Royalty Airlines in Los Angeles. She convinces her two co-workers, veteran stewardess Sherry (Kelly Preston) and crafty intern Christine (Christina Applegate), to join her. While Christine and Donna get in, Sherry does not and is forced to go back to Sierra. Over the next few months, Donna puts her heart and soul into the training camp. Donna meets the flaky and cross-eyed manager of the training school, John Whitney (Mike Meyers). Donna also meets and has the hots for pilot instructor Ted Steward (Mark Ruffalo) whom gives her inspiration and they begin a quiet romance off on the sides. During the training, Donna proves to be a natural, brushing aside most of the other classmates in training. One evening, Whitney brings his class to Sally Weston's house where Donna finally meets her idol face-to-face for the first time. After seeing around Sally's house of her flight attendant career, Donna is determined to be assigned to the top route: "the New York to Paris, First Class, International". Alas, when the assignments are posted to the graduating class, Donna is shocked to discover that she has been assigned to a commuter route in Cleveland, Ohio. Christine, who had initially struggled with the material and procedures, has inexplicably been assigned the high-priority New York route. Distraught, Donna never the less settles with her new job and begins a casual romance with Ted who frequently meets with her during his stopovers in Cleveland. Ted is a friendly nice guy, who at one time, introduces his family to Donna whom live in Cleveland (which is touching to Donna who never had any warm or friendly family to begin with). However, Donna however wishes to someday move onto bigger and better things. A few months later, by chance, Donna runs into Christine in Cleveland and invites her to stay at her apartment instead of a staying in local motel during Christine's stopover, where Donna introduces her to Ted and talks about her current status. But during the visit, Donna knows from previous experience (after catching Christine stealing bars of soap from Sally Weston's house during their visit) that the kleptomaniac Christine has stolen things from people's homes and the airlines, but is still shocked when Christine empties her handbag to reveal all manner of Royalty Air items. Even the smallest theft is strictly prohibited by Royalty Airlines, and could mean termination. Still sure there was some sort of error in her route assignment, Donna turns to Sally Weston for help. Sally looks through the final written exam that Donna took which was below passing, and Donna recognizes the handwriting on the test paper as Christine's. Through a course of events, Donna discovers that Christine had switched their test booklets when they were being handed up to their trainer, John Whitney; Christine's route assignment is rightfully Donna's, and vice versa. When Sally asks to have airline security spy on Christine's flight - to see if she stole any property (a code blue) - Christine gets caught and soon after gets fired by the airline. Donna gets the chance to re-take her exam and achieves a perfect 100% score, assigning her the New York, First Class, International route that she finally wanted. However, following her "destiny" means deciding between a boyfriend and her career. Over the next year-and-a-half, Donna spends less and less time with Ted and more with her new promotion. When Ted confronts Donna that she is spending more time overseas then with him and his family, he forces her to choose one or the other. Donna chooses her career. Though she gets all that she wants - Paris, first class, etc. - Donna realizes that she is still not happy. At Christmas time, she takes over a co-worker's shift to Paris in order to let her spend time with her family. Donna spends Christmas Eve in Paris... alone. She misses her boyfriend in Cleveland terribly. After returning to New York on the day after Christmas, Donna meets with Sally Weston to talk about her problem. After Sally's encouragement, Donna returns to Cleveland to meet Ted. She does, and after a heartfelt speech to his deaf grandmother, which Ted overhears, the two kiss and make up. The movie ends with Donna wishing her passengers well as they land in Cleveland. She has become a Royalty Airlines pilot to be close to Ted... even though there was nothing in her life to suggest that she was at all interested in flying planes. 
 Clueless (1995)651) Shallow, rich and socially successful Cher is at the top of her Beverly Hills high school's pecking scale. Seeing herself as a matchmaker, Cher first coaxes two teachers into dating each other. Cher, a high school student in Beverly Hills, must survive the ups and downs of adolescent life. Her external demeanor at first seems superficial, but rather it hides her wit, charm, and intelligence which help her to deal with relationships, friends, family, school, and the all-important teenage social life. Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky@ucsee.eecs.berkeley.edu> Cher is rich, pretty, blonde, popular and knows how to talk anyone into doing just about anything. When she can't get a teacher to give her a better grade, she and her friend Dion match him up with another teacher to make him happier... and maybe a but laxer on his expectations. When a girl named Tai transfers to Cher's school, she and Dion give her a makeover and attempt to find her a boyfriend. Cher soon realizes that she wants a boyfriend herself, but no one seems right. She goes through a spiritual makeover and realizes that there's more to life than clothes and popularity before she finds the boy of her dreams. Anonymous Cher Horowitz and her friend Dionne, two of the most popular sophomores in school, play matchmakers for two teachers. Inspired by their success, Cher takes under her wing Tai, a "clueless" transfer student. While trying to make an advantageous match for Tai, Cher attempts to find a boyfriend of her own. Several misfires take place, due to poor communication, before she finds the Baldwin of her dreams. James Meek <james@oz.net> Cher and Dionne are best friends who live in Beverly Hills. They are popular, rich, pretty, and charming. One day, they spot a new girl at school, Tai, and decides to do a makeover on her. They are very successful, but Cher realizes that she needed a makeover herself in a spiritual way. With this makeover, she learns about caring for others, going through pain, and love. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cher Horowitz (Alicia Silverstone) is a wealthy, popular 15-year-old living in Beverly Hills with her widowed father, Mel (Dan Hedaya), a successful lawyer. Though good-natured, Cher is naive and caught up in a superficial lifestyle revolving around expensive clothes and the social hierarchy of her high school. Her best friend Dionne (Stacey Dash) has a similar outlook on life, though she dates a high school boy named Murray (Donald Fasion), which Cher claims is a pointless endeavor. Cher's debate teacher, Mr. Hall (Wallace Shawn), gives her a C grade for the semester, which starts a dramatic chain of events. Dionne, who got a lackluster grade as well, hatches a plan with Cher to find a romantic interest for Mr. Hall, thus hypothetically making him happy enough to consider boosting their grades. They select another teacher, Miss Geist (Twink Caplan), as the chief candidate, and spark a mutual interest between her and Mr. Hall with a forged love letter and some subtle manipulation. The teachers soon become a couple, and both become much more lenient with their grading. Cher works her grade up to an A minus, greatly impressing her father. At home, Cher interacts with Josh (Paul Rudd), the college-age son of one of Mel's ex-wives, who often stays at the Horowitz home to avoid his mother and new stepfather. Josh is nearly the polar opposite of Cher: an earthy environmentalist with an interest in societal welfare. The two have a generally amiable but lightly contentious relationship, with Cher teasing Josh about his alternative lifestyle and Josh criticizing Cher's materialism. Mel openly approves of Josh's self-assurance and focus, encouraging Cher to find similar direction in her life. Tai Frasier (Brittany Murphy), a grungy artist with a trusting disposition and a clueless grasp of high school popularity, transfers to Cher's school. Cher and Dionne befriend Tai, and decide to give her a makeover to improve her social standing. However, Tai sparks up a romance with cheerful skateboarding stoner Travis Birkenstock (Breckin Meyer). Cher, fearing for Tai's reputation, attempts to steer her toward the rich, popular, newly-single Elton (Jeremy Sisto). Cher leads Tai in after-school workout sessions, guides her in cultivating a new wardrobe, and expands her lexicon with trendy vocabulary. Josh disapproves of Cher's project with Tai, accusing her of attempting to turn an innocent girl into a superficial brat, but Cher maintains that she is doing Tai a kindness. Through a series of orchestrated interactions, Cher gets Tai and Elton to notice each other. Tai is giddy with excitement, and while Elton is surprisingly receptive, he pays much more direct attention to Cher. To present the newly made-over Tai to the high school elite, Cher and Dionne bring her to a party. Once again, they attempt to steer her toward Elton, and believe that they made a connection when Tai is knocked unconscious with a projectile shoe, and Elton revives her with an ice pack. However, when departing, Cher winds up being driven home by Elton, who makes a pass at her, confirming that he had never been interested in Tai. Cher is shocked and repulsed, and Elton abandons her in a parking lot far from home. She is immediately mugged, and is forced to call Josh from a payphone to ask for a lift. On the drive home, Cher suggests that they pick up food for Mel and his colleagues, who are working on a difficult case at the house. Impressed by this considerate suggestion, Josh begins to form a new opinion of her. Another transfer student, the suave and handsome Christian (Justin Walker), arrives in Mr. Hall's debate class. Cher is taken with him immediately, and considers breaking her own rule of never dating a high school boy. The two become friends, and soon plan to attend a party along with Tai. Christian arrives at Cher's house to pick her up, and both Mel and Josh are put off by his relaxed, jazz-cat persona. Josh is clearly envious and tells Mel that he will trail them to the party for Cher's protection. While Cher and Christian bond on the dance floor, Tai self-consciously stands alone watching Elton dancing with his new girlfriend, Cher's snotty social rival Amber (Elisa Donovan). Josh arrives and dances with Tai to help her feel more included and comfortable. Cher is pleasantly surprised by this thoughtful gesture. Cher decides to move things forward with Christian, and invites him over one evening when her father is out. To her disappointment, he ignores her advances in favor of watching Tony Curtis movies. When driving with Dionne and her boyfriend Murray the next day, Cher laments Christian's lack of sexual interest in her, causing a highly amused Murray to point out that Christian is obviously gay. Embarrassed by her misconception of Christian, she abandons her romantic pursuit of him in favor of maintaining their genuine friendship. While at the mall with Cher and Christian, Tai experiences a traumatic incident when some male acquaintances nearly drop her over the upper-level railing as a prank. Christian angrily reprimands the culprits and comforts Tai, who is shaken but unharmed. Over the next few days, news of this dramatic event spreads throughout school, causing Tai's popularity to skyrocket. Cher watches, unnerved, as Tai is caught up in the attention, becoming the shallow, snobbish brat that Josh accused Cher of creating. Cher is further disturbed when Tai coldly rebuffs the sweet-natured Travis in favor of a more popular entourage. Cher, an atrocious driver with only a learner's permit, prepares to test for her license, but finds it difficult to focus after the shift in her friendship with Tai. She ultimately fails the driving test, and dejectedly returns home to find Tai and Josh playing a flirtatious game of hacky sack. Tai immediately speaks to Cher in private, excitedly revealing that she has overcome her disappointment about Elton because of her newfound attraction to Josh. Cher is startled by the discomfort she feels in response to this news, and tells Tai that she does not think Josh is a good match for her. Tai is affronted, and insults Cher before departing. Cher embarks on a solo shopping trip to clear her head, and realizes that she herself is in love with Josh. In an unusually vulnerable mood, Cher goes to her father for advice. Explaining that she is interested in a "do-gooder" type (though not revealing that her love interest is Josh), she expresses concern that she is too shallow and selfish to win his approval. Mel tenderly assures his daughter that she is an incredibly caring person, much like her late mother had been, who constantly goes out of her way to help her friends and family. Cher, heartened, resolves to become more compassionate on a wider scale. Not long after their fight, Tai approaches Cher apologetically and the two become friends again. After watching Travis participate impressively in a skateboarding competition, and after learning that he has given up his drug habit, Cher realizes that he is indeed worthy of Tai's affection, and is pleased when they reconcile. In an effort to impress Josh, Cher volunteers to help with a donation drive headed by Miss Geist for victims of the Pismo Beach disaster. Josh takes appreciative notice, and Cher herself feels unexpectedly fulfilled by engaging in this charitable endeavor. She and Josh also spend considerable time helping Mel and his colleagues process paperwork for their important case. While working with one of Mel's stressed-out underlings at the house, it is discovered that Cher had erroneously sorted some crucial documents, causing the panicked lawyer to cruelly insult Cher and storm out of the house. Cher is crushed, but Josh defends and comforts her, leading to them both revealing their feelings for each other. Mr. Hall and Miss Geist are married with many of their students in attendance, including Cher (who has brought Josh as her date), Dionne, Murray, Tai and Travis. The girls congregate as the bride prepares to throw the bouquet, and their boyfriends watch the ensuing scuffle with amusement until Cher triumphantly surfaces, bouquet in hand. 