nm0008482:

 Movie 43 (2013)541) A series of interconnected short films follows a washed-up producer as he pitches insane story lines featuring some of the biggest stars in Hollywood. Ineffectual, 'has-been' film-maker (Dennis Quaid) swindles his way into an interview with a film executive (Greg Kinnear) in order to pitch an outrageous and controversial comedy manuscript. After pitching the first of his thirteen offbeat fables, the dejected artist forces the rest of his disjointed allegory on the executive at gunpoint. He tells stories of a woman on a blind date with a man who has testicles growing from his neck, in another a smitten woman offers her neck to her boyfriend to 'poop' on -as a sign of commitment and love. In yet another two parents take home-schooling to a whole new level of indecency, striving to give their isolated teenage son all the 'regular' torment and humiliation of puberty by bullying, peer-pressuring and even seducing him themselves. An off-beat, elephant-in-the-room type film. kwedgwood@hotmail.com Struggling screenwriter Charlie Wessler has managed to get a pitch meeting with studio executive Griffin Schraeder. The many ideas Charlie pitches, each with a shocking twist, include: a woman unable to contain her horror at the unaddressed obvious physical issue with a blind date, one of the most eligible bachelors in town; parents who do whatever needed to make sure their home-schooled teenaged son's academic experience is as typical as possible; a man's efforts to accommodate an "if you love me" request from his fiance; a young couple's troubled relationship played out, unknown to them, on the loudspeaker of his workplace, a big box retailer; a corporate managers' meeting to discuss a design flaw with their latest release, the iBabe; Robin, of Batman & Robin, trying to speed date without the interference of his much higher profile partner; two middle-schoolers, on a date at his house, when she experiences her first period in a testosterone-laden environment; the issues around a birthday gift a guy gives to his male roommate; a couple on a blind date who decide to get to the crux of their beings by playing truth or dare; a basketball coach using the "black" elephant in the room to spur on his players; and a woman's relationship with her boyfriend's animated cat, Beezel, and Beezel's fantasy relationship with the boyfriend. As the meeting progresses, Griffin comes to an obvious conclusion about the ideas while also coming to a revelation about the genesis of the meeting itself. He has to figure out how to handle dealing with Charlie in light of these issues and Charlie's reaction to Griffin figuring things out. Huggo An all-star team of directors including Peter Farrelly, Brett Ratner, Rusty Cundieff, James Gunn, and Steve Carr pilot a powerhouse cast featuring Hugh Jackman, Naomi Watts, Gerard Butler, Kate Winslet, Johnny Knoxville, Seann William Scott, Chlo Grace Moretz, Liev Schreiber, Terrence Howard, and Richard Gere in this anarchic, anything-goes comedy that shatters the boundaries of good taste. Movie 43 is a series of different sketches containing different scenes and scenarios.k. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "The Pitch" In this wrap-around segment, Charlie Wessler (Dennis Quaid) is an insane screenwriter who is attempting to pitch a script to film executive Griffin Schraeder (Greg Kinnear). After revealing several of the stories in his script, Wessler becomes agitated when Schraeder dismisses his outrageous ideas, and he pulls a gun on him and forces him to listen to multiple other stories before making Schraeder consult his manager, Bob Mone (Common), to purchase the film. When they do so, Mone's condescending attitude toward Schraeder angers him to the point that, after agreeing to make the film "the biggest film since Howard the Duck", he confronts Mone in the parking lot and tries to humiliate him. Wessler tries to calm Schraeder with more story ideas to no avail, and the segment ends with it being revealed that it is being shot by a camera crew as part of this movie, leading into the final segments. "The Thread" Calvin Cutler (Mark L. Young) and his friend J.J. (Adam Cagley) make a video in the style of MTV's Jackass and upload it on YouTube where it instantly reaches over 1,000,000 views. This turns out to be an April Fool's prank from Calvin's younger brother Baxter (Devin Eash) who cloned YouTube and hyper-inflated the views whilst working on his science project. Calvin and J.J. attempt to get revenge. They tell Baxter of a film that's so dangerous it'll cause the annihilation of the world. The movie is known as 'Movie 43'. While J.J. and Baxter look for Movie 43 on Google, Calvin retrieves Baxter's laptop and loads it with viruses from porn sites, and masturbates to the naked women on the porn sites in a bathroom. Baxter finds over hundreds of results for Movie 43 on a website referred to by him as a dark corner of the Internet. They find the sketches starting from the 43rd search on the list of results. As he and J.J. keep watching videos, they are interrupted by a man known as Vrankovich (Fisher Stevens) and a group of Chinese mobsters who are tempted to find Movie 43, even going as far as to take J.J.'s classmate Stevie Schraeder (Nate Hartley), film executive Griffin Schraeder's oldest son, hostage. Vrankovich warns them that if they find Movie 43, civilization will be left to ruins. They ignore his claims and keep searching. They eventually find the real, the one, and the only, Movie 43, which turns out to involve Baxter as a profane commando who leads a group of recruits to survive after the world has ended. As Calvin finishes ruining Baxter's laptop, his and Baxter's mother (Beth Littleford) enters, wearing the same shirt and shorts that the porn site women were, causing Calvin to flip out, have visions, and find semen from his erect crotch on his hand in shock and horror. Afterwards, a deadly earthquake rumbles and mankind is lost. However, a few years later, the only survivor: a crippled Calvin, finds Baxter's laptop, still working after getting viruses. He watches the last remaining skits on the laptop. "The Catch" Beth (Kate Winslet) is a single British businesswoman who goes on a blind date with Davis (Hugh Jackman), New York City's most eligible bachelor. When the two arrive together at a restaurant, Beth is shocked when he removes his scarf, revealing a pair of testicles dangling from his neck. Over dinner it confuses her that Davis fails to acknowledge his anatomical abnormality, and that nobody seems to be surprised by it. "Homeschooled" Having recently moved, Anna and Sean have coffee with their new neighbors. The neighbors, Robert (Liev Schreiber) and Samantha (Naomi Watts) have a teenage son, Kevin (Jeremy Allen White), whom they have home-schooled. Anna and Sean begin inquiring about the homeschooling, and the numerous manners in which Robert and Samantha have replicated a high school environment within their home, going as far as hazing, bullying, and giving out detentions, are humorously revealed. They also throw high school parties and Samantha simulates Kevin's "first kiss" with him. Visibly disturbed, the neighbors end up meeting Kevin, who says he is going out and gives them the impression that all is fine: until he reveals a doll made of a mop with Samantha's face on it, referring to the doll as his girlfriend. "The Proposition" Julie (Anna Faris) and Doug (Chris Pratt) have been in a relationship for a year. When he attempts to propose to her, she reveals to him that she is a coprophiliac, and asks him to defecate on her in the bedroom. Urged by his best friend Larry (J.B. Smoove) and others to go along with it, he eats a large meal and drinks a bottle of laxative prior to the event. Wanting foreplay, Julie is angered when Doug wants to finish, and she runs into the street. Chasing after her, he is then hit by a car and graphically evacuates his bowels everywhere. She cradles him and apologizes; covered and surrounded by his excrement on the road, she exclaims that it is the "most beautiful thing" she has ever seen and accepts his marriage proposal. (In the end credits, Julie and Doug are mistakenly re-named Vanessa and Jason by Rocky Russo, Jeremy Sosenko, Steve Carr, Peter Farrelly, and Charles B. Wessler). "Veronica" Neil (Kieran Culkin) is working a night shift at a local grocery store. His ex-girlfriend, Veronica (Emma Stone), comes through his line and the two begin arguing, which soon turns into sexual discussion and flirtation as they humorously lament over their relationship; unbeknownst to them, Neil's intercom microphone broadcasts the entire explicit conversation throughout the store, where various elderly people and vagrants tune in. After she leaves in tears, the customers agree to cover his shift while he goes after her. "iBabe" A developing company is having a meeting in their headquarters over their newly released product, the "iBabe", which is a life-sized, realistic replica of a nude woman which functions as an MP3 player. The boss (Richard Gere), listens to his various workers (Kate Bosworth, Aasif Mandvi, and Jack McBrayer) argue over the placement of a fan that was built into the genital region of the iBabe, which is dismembering the penises of teenage boys who attempt to have sex with them. The board members then agree to strongly emphasise the dangers of the product via its new commercials. "Superhero Speed Dating" Robin (Justin Long) and his cohort Batman (Jason Sudeikis) are in Gotham City at a speed dating establishment seeking out a bomb threat by their arch nemesis, Penguin (John Hodgman). While Robin attempts to connect with various women through speed dating including Lois Lane (Uma Thurman) and Supergirl (Kristen Bell), Batman encounters his ex, Wonder Woman (Leslie Bibb), and attempts to stop Penguin from detonating Supergirl, who later turns out to be the Riddler (Will Carlough) in disguise, which Batman already knew and was screwing with Robin, who kissed "her" moments before unveiling. "Machine Kids" A faux-commercial about kids stuck in machines and how adults' criticism of these particular machines affect the feelings of the children stuck inside the machines. This commercial was paid for by the society for the prevention of cruelty to children inside machines. "Middleschool Date" Nathan (Jimmy Bennett) and Amanda (Chlo Grace Moretz) are watching television after school at Nathan's house as their first "middle school" date. When they begin to kiss, his older brother Mikey (Christopher Mintz-Plasse) enters the living room and makes fun of them. Amanda then discovers she is menstruating and tries to hide it, and when Nathan sees blood on her pants, he panics and believes her to be bleeding to death, causing a debacle, which would later have Nathan's and Amanda's fathers (Patrick Warburton and Matt Walsh) involved. "Tampax" Another faux-commercial; this time it now involves two women and Tampax as the two women are swimming in an ocean and a shark suddenly appears and graphically eats one of the women. "Happy Birthday" Pete (Johnny Knoxville) captures a leprechaun (Gerard Butler) for his roommate Brian (Seann William Scott) as a birthday present. After tying the leprechaun up in the basement, they demand he give them a pot of gold. The obscene leprechaun threatens that his brother is coming to save him. When he arrives, Brian and Pete are shot at but ultimately kill both leprechauns. At the end of the segment, Pete reveals he has also caught a fairy (Esti Ginzburg) who performs fellatio for gold coins. "Truth or Dare" Donald (Stephen Merchant) and Emily (Halle Berry) are on a date together at a Mexican restaurant. Tired with typical first dates, Emily challenges Donald to a game of truth or dare. She dares him to grab a mans buttocks, and he follows with daring her to blow out the birthday candles on a blind boys cake. The game rapidly escalates to extremes, in which both of them get plastic surgery and tattoos, and humiliate themselves. "Victory's Glory" Set in 1959, Coach Jackson (Terrence Howard) is lecturing his basketball team before their first game against an all-white team. Worried about losing the game, the timid players are lectured by Coach Jackson about their superiority in the sport over their white counterparts, which he expresses vulgarly. When the game ensues, the all-white team loses miserably and rejoices in a single point they earn. "Beezel" Amy (Elizabeth Banks) worries that her boyfriend Ansons (Josh Duhamel) cat, Beezel (an animated cartoon), is coming between their relationship. Beezel seems to detest Amy and anyone who comes between him and Anson, but Anson only sees Beezel as innocent. One day, Amy witnesses Beezel masturbating to summer vacation photos of Anson in a swimsuit. Beezel attacks her and violently urinates on her. Anson still finds his pet innocent but Amy threatens to leave if he doesn't get rid of Beezel. Caring more about his relationship, Anson agrees to find a new home for him. That night, Beezel tearfully watches the couple make love from a closet (whilst sodomizing himself with a hairbrush and dry humping a stuffed teddy bear). The next day when it comes time to take Beezel away, he is nowhere to be found. Amy goes outside to look. Beezel then runs her over with a truck and attempts to shoot her to death with a shotgun, but she chases him into the street and begins beating him with a shovel, which is witnessed by a group of children attending a birthday party at a neighboring house. When Anson approaches to see what is happening, Amy tries to explain Beezels motives. Beezel acts innocent and Anson sides with his cat. The children of the party then attack and murder Amy for beating up Beezel, stabbing her with plastic forks. Anson grabs Beezel, as Beezel again fantasizes about French kissing his owner. "Find Our Daughter" A mother and a father (Julianne Moore and Tony Shalhoub) are looking for their breast flashing daughter with the help of the private eye who is behind the camera with only one clue which is a small video that features their daughter. 
 Living the Dream (2006)Summaries Docudrama about two friends who, after being bullied as children, become corrupt as they grow up because they have been conditioned to believe that they need to achieve materialistic success to be 'accepted' and liked by others, in a society where the end justifies the means. Rover Films It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stuck on You (2003)44) Conjoined twins from Martha's Vineyard move to Los Angeles so that one of them can pursue an acting career. Bob and Walt Tenor are twin brothers, who not only share a passion for life, but also a liver. Thanks to their teamwork, being conjoined twins is not a handicap to them. But, when Walt's dreams of stardom of acting on the screen and Bob's shyness clashes, they both begin to fall out. This doesn't help when Bob's Internet girl arrives in town, unaware of their handicap, and when Walt gains his own TV show with Cher. FilmFanUK The very essence of the relationship between co-joined twins Bob and Walt is tested when Walt convinces them to move to L.A. so he can become an actor. Quickly the twins find fame and fortune by landing a job on Cher's TV show, but the success threatens to drive them apart. Anonymous Thirty-two year olds Bob Tenor and Walt Tenor are twin brothers, conjoined at the hip. Beyond a shared liver which is "owned" primarily by Bob, each brother has his own complete set of body parts. Because of the liver issue, Bob, despite no danger to himself, made the decision early in their lives that they would not be separated because of the risk to Walt. Much of what they do is done symbiotically together, such as in their work as short order cooks at their own burger joint. But each has his own distinct personality and interests. Bob is the athletic introvert. Walt is the extroverted ladies' man. Part of Walt's outgoing personality is manifested in his love of acting. For the past nine years, Walt has starred in his own productions of one-man stage plays to great aplomb. The brothers support the other's individual interests, and they vow never to stand in the way of the other's dreams. Walt makes a request of Bob, who reluctantly agrees: that they move from the comfort and security of their Martha's Vineyard life to Hollywood so that Walt can pursue a movie acting career. Walt believes this move would also be good for Bob so that he can be close to his Internet girlfriend of three years, May Fong, who Bob has not yet met in person. Walt also hopes that this move will bring Bob out of his shell. In Hollywood, they are befriended and assisted by "tell it like it is" aspiring actress April Mercedes, and unmotivated aspiring screenwriter Moe Neary. Despite some early bumps with their less than scrupulous agent Mort O'Reilly, the brothers' live change after a chance meeting with Cher . Ultimately, the brothers have to figure out how best to fulfill their individual personal dreams, without sacrificing that of the other. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Head Above Water (1993)Summaries Einar and Bjrn leave Lene on the island for a fishing trip, when her former lover, Gaute, appears drunk and falls asleep in her bed. Einar and Bjrn leave Lene on the island for a fishing trip. Then her former lover, Gaute, drops by unexpectedly. Drunk, he sleeps in the double bed. Lene sleeps on the couch and wakes up when the men come back. She tries to wake Gaute, but then discovers that he's dead. Fredrik Klasson <fredrik.klasson@boras.mail.telia.com> Lene and Einar spend their holiday in a summer cottage on a small island at the coast. When Einar and the neighbor Bjrn go out with a fishing-boat on the sea, Lene has to stay alone in the cottage overnight. Suddenly her old lover Gaute turns up. He is seeking consolation after the loss of his next sweetheart. During the evening he drinks a lot of alcohol, although Lene warns him against this, knowing that he has a congenital heart-disease. In the morning she finds him naked and dead on a bed. She is seized by panic, and hides the corpse in the cellar. When her husband finally finds the dead body, he is seized with panic too. He thinks no one will believe that Gaute has died from natural causes, and that this story will end his career as a district judge. Einar and Lene try to get rid of the corpse, but problems arise. Maths Jesperson {maths.jesperson1@comhem.se} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 