nm0001432:

 What About Bob? (1991)44) A successful psychotherapist loses his mind after one of his most dependent patients, an obsessive-compulsive neurotic, tracks him down during his family vacation. Dr. Leo Marvin, an egotistical psychotherapist in New York City, is looking forward to his upcoming appearance on a "Good Morning America" telecast, during which he plans to brag about "Baby Steps," his new book about emotional disorder theories in which he details his philosophy of treating patients and their phobias. Meanwhile, Bob Wiley is a recluse who is so afraid to leave his own apartment that he has to talk himself out the door. When he is pawned off on Leo by a psychotherapist colleague, he becomes attached to him. Leo finds Bob extremely annoying. When Leo accompanies his wife, Faye, his daughter, Anna, and his son, Sigmund, to a peaceful New Hampshire lakeside cottage for a month-long vacation, he thinks he's been freed from Bob. Leo expects to mesmerize his family with his prowess as a brilliant husband and remarkable father who knows all there is to know about instructing Faye and raising Anna and Sigmund. But Bob isn't going to let him enjoy a quiet summer by the lake. By cleverly tricking the telephone operator at Leo's exchange, Bob discovers the whereabouts of him and his family. Despite his phobia about traveling alone, Bob somehow manages to talk himself onto a bus, and he arrives in New Hampshire. Leo's vacation comes to a screeching halt the moment he sees him. With his witty personality, his ability to manipulate people, and his good sense of humor, he quickly becomes an annoyance to Leo, but not to Faye, Anna, and Sigmund, because they think he is fun while Leo is dull. Fearing that he's losing his family to him, Leo frantically tries to find a way to make him go back to New York City, and it's not as easy as he had hoped. He finds himself stepping outside the law to try to get Bob to stay away from Faye, Anna, and Sigmund--he slowly goes berserk, and makes plans to kill Bob. Todd Baldridge A new patient appears at a psychotherapist's door. He has every possible insecurity in the world. The amazingly successful shrink gives him a copy of his new book and goes off on vacation. Bob, the patient, discovers where the doctor has gone and appears at the vacation site, forever changing the shrink's family relationships. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Bob Wiley is a neurotic and manipulative man who has a habit of clinging onto his therapists. His last one, not being able to deal with him, sends him to Dr. Leo Marvin. After having just one session, Bob thinks the world of Leo. However, he's leaving to spend the rest of the summer with his family, which throws Bob into utter despair. He calls Leo constantly demanding to see him, but he says he is on vacation and cuts him off. He manages to find out where Leo is and goes there. Leo's family takes a liking to him, but Leo feels that he is just intrusive. And no matter what he does, Bob just won't go away, and everybody thinks that Leo is being mean. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dick Tracy (1990)761) The comic strip detective finds his life vastly complicated when Breathless Mahoney makes advances towards him while he is trying to battle Big Boy Caprice's united mob. All Tess Trueheart wants is to settle down to a quiet life with her boyfriend, detective Dick Tracy. But there's something pretty rotten going on in town, with someone pretty rotten behind it, and Tracy has his hands full with the likes of villain Big Boy Caprice and with the almost irresistible Breathless Mahoney. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} Based off of a comic book created by Chester Ghould. Dick Tracy is one of the toughest and the best police officer for the city. He is currently on the hunt for the biggest crime boss named Big Boy Caprice who recently killed off the former crime boss Lips Manless. Now Big Boy is rallying up all of the criminals in the city who are not only trying to make the city bow to Big Boy's wishes but to eliminate Tracy their only huge competition. However Tracy is facing with a whole lot of issues, as he is trying to not only track down Big Boy, but to keep his girlfriend Tess Trueheart, take care of a nameless orphan and dodge a seductive club dancer Breathless Mahoney and a mysterious gangster named "The Blank". Can Tracy overcome these obstacles and save the city? John Wiggins Well-respected officer of the law Dick Tracy faces mobster Big Boy Caprice and mysterious figure The Blank while dealing with love-starved girlfriend Tess Trueheart, taking care of tough orphan The Kid, and dodging advances from seductive Breathless Mahoney. Anonymous Hard-boiled detective Dick Tracy is searching for evidence that proves Alphonse "Big Boy" Caprice is the city's most dangerous crime boss. He may have found the key to unraveling the crime lord's illegal empire in Breathless Mahoney, an enigmatic barroom singer who has witnessed some of Caprice's crimes firsthand. However, she seems more set on stealing Dick away from his girlfriend, Tess, than helping him solve the case of his career. Jwelch5742 Legendary police detective Dick Tracy is the only man tough enough to take on gangster boss Big Boy Caprice and his band of menacing mobsters. Dedicated to his work but at the same time devoted to his loyal girlfriend, Tess Trueheart, Tracy find himself torn between love and duty. His relentless crusade against crime becomes even more difficult when he gets saddled with an engaging orphan and meets seductive and sultry Breathless Mahoney, a torch singer determined to get the best of Tracy. A faceless character, known as the Blank, threatens both Tracy and Big Boy, and it takes all of Tracy's skills to save the city. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the film's opening credits, radio news broadcasts and newspaper headlines proclaim various gangland atrocities. As the action begins, a young street urchin ( Charlie Korsmo ), who calls himself "Kid," is seen eating out of a garbage can and hiding from the cops. The Kid witnesses an illegal poker game between five thugs at the 7th Street Garage. Suddenly, a car bursts through the brick wall of the building and guns down all the card players. The massacre is executed by Flattop ( William Forsythe ), one of Alphonse Big Boy Caprice's gun-happy hoods. Flattop leaves a calling card: he shoots a message into the brick wall with his tommy gun that reads "Eat Lead Tracy." Big Boy ( Al Pacino ) is expanding his crime syndicate by taking over new territory and exterminating anyone who stands in his way. Dick Tracy ( Warren Beatty ) and his girlfriend, Tess Trueheart ( Glenne Headly ), are at an opera performance when his wrist radio alerts him of the killings. He excuses himself and quickly heads for the 7th Street Garage. When Tracy, in his yellow overcoat and matching hat, arrives at the crime scene, he surmises immediately that Big Boy is responsible. Tracy returns to the opera and Tess. After the performance, he answers questions from various news reporters. The camera shows a cartoon-influenced-view of the city and zooms in to the Club Ritz as a female singer, Breathless Mahoney ( Madonna ), croons "Sooner or Later (I Always Get My Man)." Inside the club, Breathless continues her performance, accompanied on the piano by 88 Keys ( Mandy Patinkin ). As the club's owner, Lips Manlis ( Paul Sorvino ), slurps down a plate of oysters, one of his hoods reports that several of his men were bumped off and the others are getting very nervous. When Breathless joins Lips at his table after her performance, he compliments her singing, but she seems oblivious. (She's obviously his woman, but isn't thrilled with the arrangement). Soon the police arrive to arrest Lips for operating a gambling establishment; they also arrest Breathless. However, it is soon revealed that these are not real cops; they are Caprice's men. As Tracy and Tess walk down the street, Tess tries to convince her detective boyfriend to settle down to a less dangerous job, maybe a desk job. Of course, Tracy isn't interested in playing it safe. As they enter a diner, they are almost knocked down by the Kid as he flees the scene of his theft of a watch. Tracy chases after the kid, but seemingly loses him. The Kid takes the watch to a shantytown where he presents it to his ruthless guardian. Just after the man hits the boy, Tracy intervenes. The scene changes to Big Boy's hideout where he demands that Lips sign over the Club Ritz to him. Once Lips reluctantly signs, Caprice orders his hoods to give Lips a cement bath (a gruesome death of being completely covered in cement and dumped into the bay). Caprice takes Lips's girlfriend, Miss Mahoney, as his own. After rescuing the Kid from his abusive guardian, Tracy takes him back to the diner where the boy enjoys a wonderful meal. With the help of Tess, Tracy temporarily adopts the Kid. During their meal, Tracy gets a message on his wrist radio to come to the Southside Warehouse. Once he arrives, Tracy finds remnants of walnuts, Big Boy's favorite nuts. At the Club Ritz, Big Boy choreographs Breathless and a chorus line of girls in a rehearsal of "More." During the rehearsal, the film flashes back and forth from the song rehearsal to Tracy questioning Mumbles ( Dustin Hoffman ), one of Caprice's hoods. After questioning Mumbles, Tracy and the police head for the club to arrest Big Boy for Lips's murder. After the cops take Big Boy away, Tracy stays behind. He follows Breathless into her dressing room and asks her to testify against Caprice. Breathless attempts to seduce Tracy and he comes close to giving in to her feminine charms. She says, "You don't know whether you want to hit me or kiss me. I get a lot of that." When Tracy rejects her advances, she refuses to testify against Big Boy. Since she is the only witness, there isn't enough evidence against Caprice, so he is released. When Tracy returns to his apartment early the next morning, Tess is asleep in the living room while the Kid is sleeping in Tracy's bed. Tess seems very uncomfortable to be in a man's apartment, so she hurries back to her greenhouse. She claims she is expecting a shipment of delphiniums. Tracy and Tess get the Kid new clothes, and feed him all day. When they return to Tess's apartment, there is an attempted hit on Tracy, but it is unsuccessful. Miss Mahoney shows up at Tracy's office. (Apparently Tracy had telephoned her.) She is weainng a sexy dress. She says, "Thanks for calling. I was wondering what a girl had to do to get arrested." , Tracy responds, "Wearing that dress is a step in the right direction." Breathless agrees to testify against Big Boy, but only if Tracy gives in to her sexual advances. Even though he is obviously attracted to her, Tracy resists. At the Club Ritz, Big Boy brings together several local crime bosses, including Spud Spaldoni ( James Caan ), Pruneface ( R.G. Armstrong ), Ribs Mocca ( Robert Beecher ), Mumbles, Itchy ( Ed O'Ross ), and Numbers ( James Tolkan ). Tracy has secretly followed Breathless there and informs Pat and Sam. Big Boy proposes forming an organization with him as the Chairman of the Board and them as the Board of Directors. Spaldoni refuses and leaves the meeting. When he gets into his car, it explodes. Itchy and Flattop grab Tracy and bring him to a boiler room, where Big Boy is waiting. The Kid has stowed away on the car's back bumper. Big Boy offers Tracy a bribe. When Tracy refuses to cooperate, Big Boy instructs his hoods to kill him but make it seem like an accident. They cause the boiler to overheat. Just before it explodes, the Kid climbs through a small window and cuts Tracy loose. The Police Chief ( Charles Durning ) presents the Kid with an Honorary Detective Certificate with a badge for action in the face of grave danger. However, it is only a temporary certificate because the Kid needs to choose a real name. During the ceremony, the Kid presents Tracy with a policeman's badge he had found in the trash; it belonged to D.A. Fletcher ( Dick Van Dyke ). In a graveyard, Big Boy tells the D.A. in no uncertain terms that he owns him. Later, the D.A. tells Tracy that he has fourteen witnesses that will testify that Big Boy was at dance lessons at the time of Lips Manlis's killing. Breathless shows up at Tracy's apartment. Dressed in another slinky outfit, she asks, "Aren't you going to frisk me?" She's worried that if she testifies Big Boy will kill her. Just as she plants a kiss on Tracy's lips, Tess and the Kid arrive from a trip to the grocery store. When Miss Mahoney leaves, Tess cries in the kitchen. A person with no face, The Blank, offers 88 Keys $5,000 to give a letter to Big Boy that guarantees him protection for ten percent of his business. 88 Keys unsuccessfully tries to convince Big Boy that he has nothing to lose and should accept the offer. While Breathless sings a reprise of "Sooner or Later (I Always Get My Man)," Tracy leads a seemingly unsuccessful raid on Club Ritz, but it is only a cover. During the raid, one of Tracy's men plants a listening device in a back room of the club so Bug Bailey ( Michael J. Pollard ) can listen in on Big Boy's plans. As Breathless's song continues, a montage shows the police foiling numerous crimes due to information gathered from the bug. When Big Boy discovers the listening device, he uses it to lure Tracy. Tracy meets Tess at the diner where she tells him she is leaving town. During their meeting, Tracy gets a call that something big is going down at the Southside Warehouse. Of course, Tracy leaves Tess and rushes to the warehouse. Caprice has captured Bug Bailey and is bathing him in cement just like he did Lips. Tracy manages to save Bug. Just as Pruneface is about to kill Tracy, The Blank steps out of the shadows and shoots Pruneface. Big Boy now agrees to the proposal that 88 Keys had offered, but only if it includes killing Tracy. Heartbroken, Tess goes to her mother's house. While there, she has a change of heart and plans to return to Tracy, but before she can tell him, The Blank kidnaps her. Alone at the club, 88 Keys and Breathless sing "What Can You Lose?," a rueful song about unrequited love. 88 Keys is obviously in love with Breathless, but she has fallen for Tracy. Tracy and Breathless meet again at the docks and once again he asks her to testify. She demands that he admit he wants her. He finally admits that he thinks about her, but he won't say he wants her because it would hurt the one he loves. After receiving a phone call from The Blank, 88 Keys has a guy forge a letter from Tracy to the corrupt D.A. to meet him at a hotel with $10,000 because he has the goods on him. Then Tracy receives a message to come to Tess' greenhouse, but when he arrives, The Blank drugs him with hidden gas lines and he collapses. Then The Blank, in Tracy's yellow coat and matching hat, runs into the hotel and up the stairs to a room. He shoots the D.A. with a silenced gun, then 88 keys moves Tracy's drugged body into the room to frame him for the D.A.'s murder. 88 Keys screams threats that are overheard by the hotel manager, who telephones the police. Hotel residents and the manager then hear gunshots. Before The Blank exits by the window, he wakes Tracy with some ammonia. Tracy is arrested for blackmail and murder. Meanwhile, a lady from the orphanage comes to take the Kid. During a few scenes of him at the orphanage, he is miserable. Big Boy is back in business and thrilled. Against a montage of various gambling scenes and Big Boy raking in the dough, we hear "Back in Business" (performed by a girls' trio: Janis Siegel, Cheryl Bentyne and Lorraine Feather). From the orphanage, the Kid calls the Chief and tells him he knows Tracy didn't kill the D.A. The Chief picks the Kid up from the orphanage on New Year's Eve to visit Tracy in jail. The Kid tells Tracy he now has a permanent certificate because he has chosen a name: Dick Tracy, Jr. Sprung from jail by his colleagues on New Years Eve, Tracy sets out to rescue his girlfriend. The Blank calls the police and frames Big Boy for kidnapping Tess. Tracy gets Mumbles to tell him who set him up for the D.A.'s murder. Mumbles clearly states without mumbling that Big Boy paid 88 Keys to get Tracy out of the way. At a shootout outside the Club Ritz, the police and Tracy gun down most of Big Boy's men. Big Boy finds Tess in a vault. He takes her hostage and ties her to a drawbridge mechanism when he finds the drawbridge is up and can't escape. With some help from Breathless, Tracy trails Big Boy and Tess and confronts Caprice in the gear room of the bridge. After they fight, as Tracy is untying Tess, The Blank fires a warning shot at Big Boy. The Blank tells Tracy to pick up a pipe and kill Big Boy, but he doesn't. The Blank prepares to shoot Tracy, but the Kid tackles him. Caprice shoots The Blank. Tracy then socks Big Boy, which sends him falling to his death in the bridge's gears. Tracy rescues Tess. Beneath The Blank's mask, Tracy is shocked to find Breathless Mahoney. She tells him that he was her only mistake, and wonders if anything could have happened between them. She kisses him just before she dies. When Tracy finds Tess waiting outside, they embrace. Later at the diner, Tracy, Tess and the Kid share a meal. Tracy gives the Kid a wrist radio. Then he stumbles through a marriage proposal to Tess, but Pat interrupts on his wrist radio about a robbery in progress. As Tracy and the Kid leave to investigate, Tracy tosses Tess a ring and says, "You're one in a million." Madonna sings a reprise of "More" during the closing credits. 
 Can't Hardly Wait (1998)651) A complete graduating class, consisting of beautiful girls, geeks and promising footballers, assemble at a rich classmate's residence for a party. Interesting developments follow at the get-together. It's high school graduation and, like all seniors, they want to party. So, 500 high school seniors look forward to a party while, in the meantime, a boy wants to get a girl he's loved for years who just broke up with her boyfriend, and one head-case who wants revenge on a lifelong bully. So, the party comes, things develop. People have sex, drink, and go along with most of the guidelines of a high school graduation party. Robbie Cooper <tweak@snet.net> In the evening following their convocation, most of the graduating class of Huntington Hillside High School is attending a house party, a final blow-out for their class before their lives diverge in different directions. However, many have a specific goal for the party. Brainiac nerd William Lichter is determined to get back at egotistical jock Mike Dexter, *the* big man on campus, for the years of bullying he's endured at Mike's hands. Kenny Fisher, who transformed himself in high school into a white version of Tupac Shakur in order to become popular (it which he is unaware didn't work), wants to lose his virginity. Denise Fleming, who most see as being stuck up in their belief that she thinks she's better i.e. smarter than they all are, was not going to attend, but does so to support her only true friend in he arguably being the most determined in his goal for the evening. That friend is straight-laced aspiring writer Preston Meyers, who is heading off to Boston the following day to attend a Kurt Vonnegut Jr. writing workshop. At the party, he wants to fulfill what he believes has been his destiny for four years in getting together with the prom queen, Amanda Beckett, when he learned earlier in the day that Mike, her boyfriend all through high school, had just broken up with her in Mike's want now only to date college girls, he trying to convince his entourage to do the same. For four years, Preston has been carrying around one version or another of a love letter he's written to Amanda, and wants to give it to her to express what he can more easily say in writing than verbally. He may not get a chance as many believe Amanda won't even show up in what they believe is her humiliation. The evening may not end up as any of the above had in mind, those people including the hostess of the party. Huggo Imagine you were waiting for four long years for your dream to be fulfilled. Imagine that the object of your dreams has always been occupied elsewhere. Now imagine that her friend just broke up with her... Preston is sure his time finally has come! Everybody needs somebody. Everybody has somebody out there, waiting for them to meet. And for Preston it just has to be Amanda! Amanda Beckett, the girl of his dreams since freshman year in junior high. The sole woman he has been thinking about since she was seated next to him on her first day of high school, since she grabbed the very same breakfast pastry he was consuming at that moment. Tonight is the night he finally will have the chance to give her the letter he wrote after she hooked up with Dexter, the schools super sportster. The very same letter he revised over and over and over...for at least four billion times. Tonight is the night of the greatest party in town... The party of the century? For these five hundred kids certainly. Love/Sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll together with some romance and adventure, philosophy and lifestyle; a memorable mixture. Couples split, lovers find lovers, friends remain and enemy become friends. And between all that Amanda receives her letter. But who is Preston? Could it be that guy she just sent to get a life? What ordeals do they have to pass before the night is over? And did Barry Manilow really sing about a girl named Mandy, or was it just his dog? In the end Love creates lovers and jerks, well, remain jerks and become losers. A happy end, smutty only to rock-hard anti-romantics. Enjoy and stay young, but thoughtful. ELR High school graduates hold different agendas for themselves on graduation night. Love-struck Preston wants to confess his feelings to class beauty/cheerleader/prom queen Amanda who has just been dumped by dumb jock, Mike, who is the target of vengeful nerd, William. Meanwhile, Kenny, a wannabe rapper is determined to lose his virginity only to have his plans temporarily sidetracked by Denise, Preston's antisocial, high school-hating friend who must resolve her differences with Kenny who was an old elementary school friend. Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Preston Meyers and his best friend, Denise, meet up after their graduation ceremony. Preston has just learned that Amanda Beckett, a girl he's been infatuated with for the past four years, is now single. He talks Denise into going to the huge after-graduation bash at Molly's house so he can give Amanda a love letter he's been working on for years. Of course, Molly's parents are not home, so the party is a free-for-all. Also at the party is Kenny Fisher, a.k.a. "Special K." Kenny is a short, white kid who acts like a black kid. He speaks the lingo and wears all the hip, urban clothes. Kenny used to be Denise's best friend in grade school, but he moved on when they got into middle school. He wanted to be a cool kid, so he left her behind and even harassed her in high school. Amanda's ex-boyfriend, Mike Dexter, is at the party as well. He decided to break up with Amanda because he'd soon be going off to college and having sex with all kinds of other girls. He tries to get his three best friends, all jock-types, to break up with their girlfriends, too. Another guy at the party is the school geek and misfit William Lichter. Poor William has been tortured and bullied for years by Mike. He's out for revenge as he and his nerdy friends plan to get Mike drunk and take naked pictures of him and his friends in a gay embrace. At the house party, Preston tries to get up the nerve to talk to Amanda, he leaves Denise on her own. We find that she hasn't really got any friends and no one at the party knows her. After realizing she doesn't belong, she decides to leave. But a brownie smacks her in the side of the head, so she has to seek a bathroom to clean up. Meanwhile, Kenny is determined to lose his virginity at the party and he's narrowed it down to 10 "lucky" finalists. Once he realizes that none of them want to get with him, he decides that anyone will do. He hears a girl say that she wanted to get back at her cheating boyfriend and she was going to sleep with the next guy who talked to her. 'Special K' takes advantage of overhearing the conversation and goes to freshen up in the bathroom. Unfortunately, there is a huge line, so he gets Molly to let him upstairs (where NO ONE is supposed to go) to use that bathroom. The doorknob is broken, so he shouldn't shut the door all the way. Kenny and Denise end up locked in the bathroom and we learn all about their past and get to see them reconcile. They eventually have sex and then get in an argument about it. Meanwhile, Preston is having a hard time talking to Amanda, who is being consoled by her airhead friends and hit on by every guy in the place. At one point, a friend embarrasses Preston in front of Amanda by talking about how he'd puked in his backpack years before. Mike meets up with a guy named Trip McNeely, who was a "sexual icon" in his high school years. Trip tells Mike that the biggest mistake he made was breaking up with his long-term girlfriend when he went to college because he thought he'd be getting with all kinds of girls there. Mike realizes he made a mistake with Amanda and tries to get back with her. She refuses him and in his humiliation he starts drinking heavily. William sees his opportunity, but is getting drunk himself. They spend time talking about things and Mike apologizes to William about being a jerk to him all these years. Amanda is talking to her cousin Ron about Mike, and Ron grabs her and kiss her. Preston goes inside with the letter just in time to see this scene. Heartbroken, he leaves. Amanda pushes Ron away, disgusted. Outside, a shattered Preston tosses the letter in the trash and heads home. Amanda sits down inside the house, wondering what is next. Preston's letter is knocked out of the trash and gets stuck to a girl's shoe. After being brought into the house, it ends up in front of Amanda. She reads it and melts. But she has no idea who Preston is. She goes home and begins tearing down the memories she had with Mike. Preston's letter helped her realize she was special and that she was worth much more than just being Mike's girlfriend. Also part of the story is the band scheduled to play during the party. They are excited that perhaps an acquaintance of a famous rocker may be there. As they begin to play, they have a fight about what some of the band members are wearing. Eventually, they decide to get back together, only as soon as they begin to finally play, the police show up to bust the party. When the cops show up at the party, it is way out of control. William tells Mike they have to get out of there and they run outside. Unfortunately, Mike runs to the pool house which is where William's nerdy friends are waiting to chloroform Mike and his buddies for the picture-taking. They ambush Mike and William and take gay pictures of them before they realize what they've done. Mike and William end up in jail. Denise is out walking home as Kenny drives up beside her. He says he's sorry for the fight they had and they make up and head to a diner for breakfast. Outside the diner, Denise goes to talk to Preston about what happened and he tells her Amanda didn't feel the same way. William wakes up in jail and learns from an officer that Mike has taken all the heat, saying he beat William up and took the naked pictures of him. The next morning, William heads to the diner to thank Mike, but Mike is acting like his old self again, telling William to get lost. Stung by Mike's betrayal, William walks out of the diner, vowing never to see or talk to Mike again. Preston goes home and the next day he heads to the train station to go off to school. Amanda finds him there and thanks him for the letter. They decide that since he's leaving, they can't be together. She says she should probably be alone for a while anyway. As she walks away, they both turn and run to each other. They decide to try to make it work long-distance. They write to each other every day and have never been happier. THE END. 
 Hook (1991)651) When Captain James Hook kidnaps his children, an adult Peter Pan must return to Neverland and reclaim his youthful spirit in order to challenge his old enemy. Peter Pan (Robin Williams) has grown up to be a cut-throat merger and acquisitions lawyer, and is married to Wendy's (Dame Maggie Smith's) granddaughter, Moira (Caroline Goodall). Captain James Hook (Dustin Hoffman) kidnaps his children, Jack (Charlie Korsmo) and Maggie (Amber Scott), and Peter returns to Neverland with Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts). With the help of her and the Lost Boys, he must remember how to be Peter Pan again in order to save his children by battling with Captain Hook once again. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> This is a sequel to Peter Pan. Forty years after Peter's (Robin Williams') last adventure, he leaves Neverland to have a family and work for a lousy annoying company and he forgot his last adventure to Neverland. Not only that, the company makes him miss his son's game and other places where he promises to go. But he does visit London, where an older Wendy (Dame Maggie Smith) now lives. There, he went back to Neverland to save his kids from his nemesis: Captain James Hook (Dustin Hoffman). Peter Pan visits his friend Wendy, but she's grown up. He sees that she has a granddaughter, and he gets taken with her, and he decides to stay. He grows up and takes on the name of Peter Banning (Robin Williams) and becomes a lawyer, marrying Wendy's (Dame Maggie Smith's) granddaughter Moira (Caroline Goodall) and have a son, Jack (Charlie Korsmo), and daughter, Maggie (Amber Scott). He gets so engrossed with his work, that he ignores his son, who starts to resent him. One day, they come home and they find the children gone and scratches all over the house. That's when Wendy tells him he needs to remember who he is, because the children were taken by Captain James Hook (Dustin Hoffman). But Peter doesn't know what she's talking about. Later, what appears to be a firefly shows up, it's Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts) and she tells Peter he needs to come with her to Neverland. The problem is that Peter is afraid to fly. So she knocks him out and takes him to Neverland. When he arrives, he meets the Lost Boys who think he deserted them. He then finally finds his children in the clutches of Captain Hook, who wants to take on Peter Pan, but problem is that Peter is no longer Peter Pan. So he feels there's no point of taking him on. So he sends Peter away. He then decides to make his children like him and it gets to Peter when he sees how his son is taken with Hook. rcs0411@yahoo.com The unimaginable has happened, Peter Pan (Robin Williams) has grown up and has forgotten who he is. He's now a selfish workaholic who largely ignores his children. Now his old adversary, Captain James Hook (Dustin Hoffman), has kidnapped his kids to entice Peter back to Neverland for one final battle. It's now up to his trusty fairy sidekick, Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts) and the Lost Boys to jog his memory and make him remember who he really is. Iantjambo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is the present day, and the boy who was once known as Peter Pan, has become Peter Banning (Robin Williams), a businessman who is more concerned with his work than with his family, including his wife Moira (Caroline Goodall), and his two children, Jack (Charlie Korsmo) and Maggie (Amber Scott). Peter is hardly able to hold his attention during Maggie's recital of 'Peter Pan' (of which she is cast in the role of Wendy), and misses Jack's baseball game, leading to Jack growing irritated at how his Dad never seems to keep his promises. The family then take a flight to London (much to Peter's dismay, as he hates flying), to visit Granny Wendy (Maggie Smith), who is being honored for her charitable work. While Peter and Moira accompany Wendy to the party, Maggie and Jack are abducted. Liza (Laurel Cronin) the housekeeper saw no one, but Tootles (Arthur Malet) who is a former Lost Boy, tells Peter that it was Captain Hook (Dustin Hoffman). The police are called, but even they are unsure of the whole thing, as the ransom note could be someone pretending to be Hook, seeing the history of the house, and of Wendy. Afterwards, Wendy takes Peter aside, and explains that he must remember who he is, in order to save his children. Peter is still confused, thinking Wendy is maybe in shock over what has happened. Later that evening, sitting in the house's nursery, Peter is surprised when a star appears to fall through the nursery window. It turns out it's Tinkerbell (Julia Roberts), who has come to help Peter. However, since Peter won't go willingly, Tink kidnaps him and takes him to Neverland. Peter wakes up in Pirate Town, where he is quickly disguised. All around him, pirates are gathering at the Jolly Roger, as Mr Smee (Bob Hoskins) presents the illustrious Captain Hook with a newly-sharpened hook. Hook then revels in the pirates cheering, telling of how he killed the crocodile that had once sought to devour him, and turned it into a clock, and now, cheers at the triumph in capturing Peter Pan's children in hopes to lead him back to Neverland and to his doom. When Peter steps forward (still claiming to be 'Peter Banning'), Hook is saddened to see that his once 'great and worthy opponent' has become a middle-aged man. Still wanting to test him, Hook demands that Peter fly up the ship and touch the fingers of his children, promising they'll go home if he can do so. However, Peter reveals his fear of flying, and Smee deduces that being away from Neverland for so long, has caused Peter to forget. Hook decrees that Peter walk the plank and wanders away, angered at being denied the war against a worthy opponent. Just then, Tinkerbell appears, and promises Hook that given three days, she'll get Peter into shape. After being knocked into the water, Peter is saved from drowning by the mermaids. Peter and Tink then return to the Lost Boy's hideout, now under the leadership of a boy named Rufio (Dante Basco), who also has possession of Peter's sword from the olden days. At first no-one believes, until a little boy named Pockets (Isaiah Robinson) speaks out. Much to the displeasure of Rufio, the Lost Boys unite to help Peter get his children back. Back on the Jolly Roger, Hook is still upset over his lot in life, until Smee hits on a master plan to make life even more miserable for Peter: get his children to love Hook. Hook finds this idea ludicrous, but soon warms up to it, claiming it as 'his idea.' Back with the Lost Boys, Peter is put through his paces with various exercises, and even tries to fly but with no success. The Lost Boys prepare a 'Never-Feast,' which is a meal of make-believe food. Peter finds the whole thing ridiculous, and Rufio makes fun of him, which leads to a game of name-calling, that Peter soon ends up winning. Peter then pretends to scoop up some food and fling it at Rufio. However, this gesture soon causes Peter's imagination to take flight, and the make-believe food now becomes real! Meanwhile, Hook attempts to turn Maggie and Jack to his side, claiming that parents hate their children. Maggie refuses to believe this, and is dragged away, while she yells for Jack to not forget their Mom and Dad, and to find a way to run home. While Maggie is not easily swayed, Jack's ire towards his Dad allows Hook to turn him easily. Finding a watch on Jack that Peter had given him, Hook and Smee lead Jack to a shop full of smashed up clocks, letting Jack work out his aggressions about his Dad by smashing the clocks and Peter's watch. Sometime afterward, a ballgame is held with Hook in attendance. Peter and the Lost Boys have also snuck over to the game, with some of the boys feeling that if Peter steals Hook's 'hook,' it'll provide him with the happy thought to fly with. However, Peter sees Jack make a home run, and Hook embrace 'his' son, yelling, 'my Jack!' The vision of Hook cheering on and holding his son causes Peter to run back to the Lost Boys hideout, where he attempts in vain to try and fly. Looking around, Peter soon finds Hangman's tree, and the secret entrance inside. As he looks around, Tinkerbell appears, explaining that Hook had found the tree and burned it when he didn't come back. Peter's memory begins to come back, and he remembers his past. Peter remembers his mother, who when he was a baby, talked about grand plans for him. However, as a baby, Peter was afraid of dying, because everyone who grows up has to die someday. A gust of wind blew Peter away in his perambulator one day, and it was then that Tinkerbell found him, taking him to Neverland, where he learned how to fly. Even so, Peter missed his mother, and returned to London, only to find that he'd been 'replaced' by another baby that his parents had. Peter then wandered in and out of open windows, where he eventually lost his shadow in the Darling's nursery, leading to him finding Wendy. Peter would continue to visit Wendy after their first adventure, but as she aged, Peter grew sad, as soon she was too old to accompany him. On his last 'visit' to the nursery, Wendy showed him her granddaughter Moira, asleep in a nearby bed. Upon seeing her, Peter proclaimed he would give her a kiss...but not like the thimble Wendy had once given him, but a real kiss. It is with this revelation that Peter suddenly remembers why he left Neverland behind and grew up: he wanted to be a father. Finding his 'happy thought,' Peter is able to fly again, to the joy of the Lost Boys. Rufio returns Peter's sword, and stands by him as they prepare to go to war with Hook. Hook meanwhile, has managed to make Jack forget Peter, and now consider him (Hook) as his father. Peter appears, and is at first taken aback that Jack does not recognize him, but then goes to work, battling Hook's pirates, as the Lost Boys launch their attack. Rufio appears, and fights off Hook, as Peter goes to rescue Maggie. Returning to the Jolly Roger, Peter arrives just in time to see Hook run Rufio through with his sword. With his dying words, Rufio tells Peter that he wishes he had a Dad like him. These words seem to break the hold that Hook had on Jack, who looks to Peter, asking to be taken home. Peter then reunites with the Lost Boys and Maggie, and they begin to leave...but not before Hook vows to continue to threaten Peter's family forever. Peter then jumps back into battle against Hook. After some time, it appears as if Peter has the upper hand, but instead of killing Hook, Peter listens to his children, who beg him not to kill Hook. Peter then tells Hook to leave. Hook then pulls a dagger on Peter, pushing him against the carcass of the once killer crocodile. However, Hook misses, and ends up puncturing the crocodile, who seems to return to life, and ends up eating Hook. With Hook gone, Peter decides to return home, but leaves one of the Lost Boys named Thudbutt (Raushan Hammond) in charge, as he fought courageously in the battle. While Maggie and Jack return to the nursery, Peter ends up in Kensington Gardens, at the base of a statue bearing his likeness. Also nearby is Tinkerbell, who says her farewells to Peter. Peter then returns to Wendy's place, and greets his family, throwing his cellphone out the window when it rings regarding more business matters. 