nm0001305:

 Mars Attacks! (1996)761) Earth is invaded by Martians with unbeatable weapons and a cruel sense of humor. It is a normal day for everyone, until President of the United States James Dale (Jack Nicholson) announces Martians have been spotted circling Earth. The Martians land and a meeting is arranged, but not everything goes to plan, and the Martians seem to have other plans for Earth. Are they just misunderstood beings or do they really want to destroy all of humanity? Film_Fan The Martians decide to attack our planet and devastate everything. Why? Because it's fun. They enjoy killing people and destroy buildings. They even play bowling with the statues at Easter Isles and pose for photos in front of temples as they are blowing up. Will somebody find a way to stop them or will everyone die in the war with these short, big-brained aliens? Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> When U.S. satellites photograph many flying saucers coming to Earth, President James Dale (Jack Nicholson) has a meeting with his advisers. He is convinced by Professor Donald Kessler (Pierce Brosnan) that Martians would be a developed culture and therefore peaceful by nature, in spite of the warnings of General Decker (Rod Steiger). The authorities, some civilians, and the press prepare a welcome committee for the aliens, but they realize that Mars is actually attacking Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When Martians begin to attack the Earth, several groups of people must try to survive. These groups include a reporter and his girlfriend, a top scientist, the President and his family (and aides), a Kansas boy and his grandma, and Sir Tom Jones and people from a casino in Las Vegas. Guyver U.S. President James Dale (Jack Nicholson) and his right-hand man, Press Secretary Jerry Ross (Martin Short) discover that an army of Martian U.F.O.s are hovering around the Earth, and everyone has a different response. Some, like Texan alcohol dealer Art Land (Jack Nicholson) and slimy newsman Jason Stone (Michael J. Fox), just want to make a profit out of it. Others, such as television hostess Nathalie Lake (Sarah Jessica Parker), Land's spiritualist wife Barbara (Annette Bening), and the Southern-like Norris family, are excited, and some, like Dale's wife, Marsha (Glenn Close), and daughter, Taffy (Natalie Portman), don't care. Richie Norris (Lukas Haas) is extremely intelligent, but is only respected by his insane grandmother (Sylvia Sidney), while his older brother Billy (Jack Black) is favored for joining the Army. General Decker (Rod Steiger) doesn't trust the Martians and insist they fight, but General Casey (Paul Winfield) is more optimistic. The Martians appear to come in peace but suddenly begin to use their super-powerful and technologically advanced weapons to wipe out the population and great structures. Soon, they attack Las Vegas, where the Norrises are living, where former heavyweight champion Byron Williams (Jim Brown) is visiting, where an obnoxious lawyer is gambling, and where Sir Tom Jones is performing in concerts. Me Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The President of the United States, James Dale (Jack Nicholson), is alerted when a number of spacecraft have been reported launched from the planet Mars, and are on a course to Earth. While General Decker (Rod Steiger) demands immediate Military deployment, Professor Donald Kessler (Pierce Brosnan) suggests that the General's protestations are uncalled for, claiming that they know very little about these aliens, and that this could be a new chapter for humanity. The President eventually has a newscast televised, in which the world is made aware of the Martian's impending arrival. Professor Kessler is even brought onto a daytime news show, in which he is interviewed by newscaster Nathalie Lake (Sarah Jessica Parker). Nathalie's boyfriend Jason Stone (Michael J Fox) notes that she seems to be flirting with the Professor, when the news transmission goes out completely, and all television signals are blocked by a transmission from the Martians. In the wake of this transmission, The President, Kessler, and several Generals hold a meeting in their war room to analyze what they know about the Martians. A scientist also brings a machine that he claims has translated the Martians' speech patterns...but the translations barely make any sense. Eventually, it is indicated that the Martians will first land near the Nevada town of Pahrump. A military escort is headed up by General Casey (Paul Winfield), a more quiet and docile general than the more outspoken General Decker. A number of spectators show up as well, as a ship lands. Emerging from the ship, are 2 armed martians, and one in a sparkling red cloak. After it is translated that he is the Martian Ambassador, and General Casey gives a greeting, a new sentence from the Martians claims they 'come in peace.' This causes a group of hippies to release a dove...which is quickly shot down by the Martians. The scene then dissolves into chaos as the Martians vaporize and kill almost everyone. The end up taking Nathalie Lake, her little chihuahua Poppy, and her handbag onto their ship, before leaving the massacre behind. Back in Washington D.C., General Decker demands that immediate action be taken, but Professor Kessler feels that what they witnessed could have been a cultural misunderstanding, due in part to the dove. A message is sent out to the Martians, and a response is soon received. The Martian Ambassador claims to feel remorse, and would like to appear before Congress. The request is granted, and one of the Martian's ships lands in front of the United States Capitol. The ambassador and two armed Martians appear in Congress, and approach the podium. After reading what appears to be a speech, the Martian Ambassador draws a gun that vaporizes two branches of the government. Professor Kessler pleads for the ambassador to stop, but is quickly subdued, and eventually taken aboard the ship. In the aftermath of the attack, General Decker once again demands that affirmative action be taken, but the President still chooses to go about the situation with no action taken against the martians...further infuriating the General. Aboard the Ambassador's ship, the Martians have also conducted medical experiments on Nathalie, Poppy, and the Professor. Nathalie and Poppy's heads have been switched, with Nathalie's head now transplanted onto her chihuahua's body. The Professor's body has been removed, with his vital organs still functioning, causing his head to remain alive. The Professor's disembodied head and Nathalie converse, and even in their strange bodily state, they both profess their love for each other. Meanwhile, back on Earth, a Martian has taken on the form of a beautiful woman, and seduces her way into the White House through Press Secretary Jerry Ross (Martin Short). Jerry is soon incapacitated by the Martian, who then attempts to kill the President and his wife (Glenn Close). The Secret Service manage to kill the Martian. This attack causes the Martian Leader to finally declare all-out war on the Earthlings, and Martian ships soon show up across the country, wrecking havoc everywhere. The Military is finally called out to try and stop them, but even they do not seem to have the firepower to stop the Martians. After invading Washington, the Martian leader and two of his soldiers enter the war room. They are first attacked by General Decker, who starts firing on the Martians, before the Martian Leader uses a shrinking gun, that reduces the General to a few inches tall, before stepping on him. The Martians then shoot the remaining people, before the President gives a speech, hoping to quell the violence. This seems to work, and the Martian Leader extends his hand...which turns out to be a mechanical spider, that impales the President. It is during a Martian attack on a small nursing home, that a young man named Richie Norris (Lukas Haas), discovers his Grandmother's favorite record, Slim Whitman's "Indian Love Call," is the key to defeating the invasion. The high-pitched yodeling causes the Martians' heads to explode, and Richie employs the help of the remaining military to play the amplified music live and via satellite. The Martians explode, their ships crash and the planet is safe. The President's daughter presents the Congressional Medal of Honor to Richie and his Grandmother while the people of Earth rebuild. 
 Brick (2005)541) A teenage loner pushes his way into the underworld of a high school crime ring to investigate the disappearance of his ex-girlfriend. The lonely teenager Brendan finds his former girlfriend Emily dead in the entrance of a tunnel of sewage and recalls her phone call two days ago, when she said to him that she was in trouble. Brendan, who still loved Emily, met bad elements of his high-school trying to contact her, and when he succeeded, she told him that she was OK. He hides her body in the tunnel and decides to investigate the meaning and connection of four words, including "brick" and "pin", that Emily told him to find who killed her. Using the support of his nerd friend Brain, he successively meets the small time drug dealers Kara, Dode, Brad Bramish, Laura and Tugger, to reach the teenager powerful drug dealer The Pin. Slowly, Brendan unravels the motives why Emily was killed and plots a revenge. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Set in high school yet stylized like an old detective movie, this intriguing film follows our hero/detective character Brendan - a high school student who prefers to steer clear of the cliques and crowds and their wild shenanigans. That is until his ex-girlfriend Emily is found dead in a storm drain only 2 days after receiving a frantic and confusing call from her on a payphone. Determined to find out what happened to her, Brendan, along with school genius "Brain", has to sift through the upper-class elite of the high school students including the jocks, stoners and seductive drama students. As they do so Brendan discovers that Emily's death is linked to something darker and far more serious than they could have imagined. LadyN1 In a modern-day Southern California neighborhood and high school, student Brendan Frye's piercing intelligence spares no one. He's not afraid to back up his words with actions, and knows all the angles; yet he prefers to stay an outsider, and does - until the day that his ex-girlfriend, Emily, reaches out to him unexpectedly and then vanishes. His feelings for her still run deep; so much so, that he becomes consumed with finding his troubled inamorata. To find her, he enlists the aid of his only true peer, the Brain, while keeping the assistant vice principal only occasionally informed of what quickly becomes a dangerous investigation. Brendan's single-minded unearthing of students' secrets thrusts him headlong into the colliding social orbits of rich-girl sophisticate Laura, intimidating Tugger, substance-abusing Dode, seductive Kara, jock Brad and - most ominously - non-student the Pin. Only by gaining acceptance into the Pin's closely guarded inner circle of crime and punishment that Brendan will be able to uncover hard truths about himself, Emily and the suspects that he is getting closer to. Focus Features Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Present Day: Brendan sits by a tunnel, staring at a dead girl (Emily) lying in the water. Flashback (2 days previous): Emily slips a note in Brendan's locker telling him to go to a specific phone booth. She calls the phone booth, and they talk for a little. She says shes in trouble, but uses words Brendan doesn't know to describe the problem (Poor Frisco, Pin, brick, Tug). A black car drives by and Emily screams. The passenger in the car drops a cigarette with a blue arrow on it. Brendan's friend, Brain, tells Brendan that Emily has been trying to hang out with the popular group of kids (the upper crust). Brendan breaks into Emily locker and takes a ripped red piece of paper out of her notebook. He talks to his ex-girlfriend, Kara, and finds the complete piece of red paper: an invitation to a party. The invitation has a number on the back, Brendan calls it, and talks to Laura. Once he says he has Em's invite, she tells him where and when the party is. At the party, Laura and Brendan talk upstairs. She tells him that Emily has been hanging out with someone behind a caf in town, called Coffee and Pie, Oh My. He follows Laura outside when she leaves and sees her talking to Tug by his car. Brendan goes to the caf, and we meet Dode. Dode has been dating Em. When Dode leaves, Brendan follows him and sees him give Em a slip of paper. Brendan and Emily meet up. She says the only way for him to help is so get over her. As they hug, he takes a notebook out of her pocket. Inside is the note Dode gave her. There is a symbol on the paper, which Brendan does not understand. He goes to his friend Brain to ask him what it means. Brain says that the symbol refers to a meeting place in town, but he doesn't know which one. Late that night, after the time Em is supposed to be at the meeting place, he realizes that the symbol stands for the tunnel. He goes to the tunnel, and the flashback catches up to present day. Emily is dead, and Brendan wants to find out what happened. Voiceover turns into a flashback: Brendan and Emily fighting, she slaps him and he pushes her. They keep referencing somebody named Jerr. Jerr and Brendan used to have a small drug dealing partnership, but Brendan ratted him out to the vice-principal. It is implied that Jerr and Em had some sort of relationship, and that is why Brendan ratted on him. Present day: Brendan goes to the Brain to find out what the words Emily said on the phone meant. Brain doesn't recognize many of them, but he knows that the Pin is a big-time drug dealer in town, and that he is linked to the popular kids Em was trying to be friends with. Brendan picks a fight with one of the popular kids, Brad, in the parking lot, to grab the Pin's attention. Laura tries to talk to Brendan, but Brendan says he can't trust her. Tug then comes up and punches him. Brendan is called into the vice-principal's office, and they make a deal. The VP will stay off Brendan's back if Brendan tells the VP what's going on, otherwise, Brendan will be blamed. Brendan walks through a parking lot and sees the black car from the beginning. He holds a brick over the car, which makes Tug come outside and punch Brendan. Brendan puts up enough of a fight that Tug brings him to the Pin. Brendan is able to see out of the trunk and sees the Pin's address. Brendan meets with the Pin, and the Pin says he will pay Brendan to not rat him out, but first he wants to check Brendan's story. Either the Pin will hire him or hurt him. Laura tells Brendan that Emily stole a brick (brick=heroin), because she was so addicted she wasn't herself. At school, a guy comes up to Brendan with a knife, and we assume he is associated with the Pin. After Brendan knocks him out, the Pin pulls up in a van, and tells Brendan he has decided to pay him. Dode calls Brendan, and tells him that he saw Brendan with the body, and threatens to tell somebody. Brendan goes to talk to Brain. Brain shows him a newspaper, which says that Em has been reported missing. He also tells Brendan that Frisco (poor Frisco, one of the things Em said to Brendan on the phone) took a dose of heroin and is in a coma, because there were traces of laundry detergent in it. Brendan sneaks into the Pin's house, and finds a brick in the basement. Tug comes in and punches him. Brendan gets Tug to side with him by saying he gets angry when the Pin isn't honest, Tug feels like Brendan understands him. Tug tells Brendan that there were 10 bricks. They sold 8, and the 9th one disappeared, then came back, and that was the brick that killed Frisco. They still have the 10th brick. Tug pretends he doesn't know Em, but the Pin tells Brendan that they dated. Dode arranges a meeting with the Pin, he says he knows who killed Emily. On the way to their meeting, Brendan gets sick from swallowing too much blood. He confronts Dode and Dode tells him that he thinks Brendan killed Emily. Dode reveals that Emily was pregnant with Dode's baby. Tug, the Pin, Dode and Brendan meet at the tunnel. When Dode says he knows who killed Emily, Tug shoots him and kills him. Brendan is brought to Tugs house. Tug confesses to killing Em. Tug says there is a war between him and the Pin, and that Brendan is on his side. Brendan organizes a meeting between Tug and the Pin, to try to sort things out. Laura comes in to comfort Brendan, and they have sex. We see her cigarette, and it has a blue arrow on it, just like the one from the beginning. Brendan leaves the bed and asks to borrow Tug's car in order to throw off any suspecting cops if he is followed on his way to the Pin's house, and he asks Tug for a cigarette. Tug replies he doesn't smoke cigarettes, and Brendan leaves. Brendan calls Brain and tells him to call the police at 4:15, and to say that there are drugs in the back of Tugs car. At the meeting between the Pin and Tug, the Pin wants to make sure that the last brick of heroin has not been messed with, so he asks Tug to take a dose off of it. When Tug refuses, because the police will be called soon, Brendan agrees to take the dose. When someone goes upstairs to get the brick, it is gone. A shot is fired upstairs. Tug and the Pin fight, Brendan takes Tugs gun, as Brendan is leaving, we hear the Pin calling for his help. Brendan tosses the gun back into the room and escapes in time. We see that Emily is in Tug's trunk, and the police will find her. The next morning at school, Brendan meets with Laura. Brendan lies to Laura and says he never made it to the Pin's, so Laura tells Brendan what happened. Six were found dead, including the Pin, Tug, and Emily. Brendan then tells her and the viewers what Laura's role in all of this is. Laura was the one who stole the 9th brick, and she took half and then cut the rest. After Frisco was put in a coma from using some of it, Laura needed someone to blame, and she had Emily. The Pin sends Tug to go talk to Em and find out what happened, and Laura tells Em to tell Tug that shes pregnant with his baby. Anyone who knows Tug knows what he would do, so Laura knew that he would kill Em. Laura had taken the 10th brick, so that a huge fight would break out at the Pin's. Brendan tells her that he slipped a note to the vice-principal telling him to search her locker, where we see the VP finding the brick. Laura then tells Brendan that Emily's baby was his, and she was going to abort it. 
 Inception (2010)761) A thief who steals corporate secrets through the use of dream-sharing technology is given the inverse task of planting an idea into the mind of a C.E.O., but his tragic past may doom the project and his team to disaster. Dom Cobb is a skilled thief, the absolute best in the dangerous art of extraction, stealing valuable secrets from deep within the subconscious during the dream state, when the mind is at its most vulnerable. Cobb's rare ability has made him a coveted player in this treacherous new world of corporate espionage, but it has also made him an international fugitive and cost him everything he has ever loved. Now Cobb is being offered a chance at redemption. One last job could give him his life back but only if he can accomplish the impossible, inception. Instead of the perfect heist, Cobb and his team of specialists have to pull off the reverse: their task is not to steal an idea, but to plant one. If they succeed, it could be the perfect crime. But no amount of careful planning or expertise can prepare the team for the dangerous enemy that seems to predict their every move. An enemy that only Cobb could have seen coming. Warner Bros. Pictures Dominic Cobb is an spy who instead of breaking into a person's home, office, or even computer, gets the information he needs by getting into the person's mind through their dreams. Cobb is also a fugitive who misses his children. Someone approaches Cobb and wants to hire him but instead of getting information out, the man wants Cobb to implant something, a process called "inception", which is not easy to do. Cobb is hesitant to do it, but when the man offers to help Cobb go back to his children, Cobb agrees. So he assembles his team but when they begin, there are things Cobb didn't tell his team that could jeopardize the job, and when they occur, they're not sure if they should continue. rcs0411@yahoo.com Dominic Cobb is the foremost practitioner of the artistic science of extraction, inserting oneself into a subject's dreams to obtain hidden information without the subject knowing, a concept taught to him by his professor father-in-law, Dr. Stephen Miles. Dom's associates are Miles' former students, who Dom requires as he has given up being the dream architect for reasons he won't disclose. Dom's primary associate, Arthur, believes it has something to do with Dom's deceased wife, Mal, who often figures prominently and violently in those dreams, or Dom's want to "go home" (get back to his own reality, which includes two young children). Dom's work is generally in corporate espionage. As the subjects don't want the information to get into the wrong hands, the clients have zero tolerance for failure. Dom is also a wanted man, as many of his past subjects have learned what Dom has done to them. One of those subjects, Mr. Saito, offers Dom a job he can't refuse: to take the concept one step further into inception, namely planting thoughts into the subject's dreams without them knowing. Inception can fundamentally alter that person as a being. Saito's target is Robert Michael Fischer, the heir to an energy business empire, which has the potential to rule the world if continued on the current trajectory. Beyond the complex logistics of the dream architecture of the case and some unknowns concerning Fischer, the biggest obstacles in success for the team become worrying about one aspect of inception which Cobb fails to disclose to the other team members prior to the job, and Cobb's newest associate Ariadne's belief that Cobb's own subconscious, especially as it relates to Mal, may be taking over what happens in the dreams. Huggo Mr. Cobb a unique con artist can enter anyone's dreams and extract the most valuable ideas and secrets of people with the help of "inception" (a dream sharing technology) when the state of mind is at its vulnerable best. Cobbs ability has made him the face of corporate spying, hence a wanted man too. Seeing his abilities, he is approached by Saito to carry out an almost impossible mission not to steal, but to plant the idea into the mind of the legal heir of a billion dollar enterprenauer. Mr. Cobb, with some specialists, must do the impossible in order to get back his life in a completely different "world of dreams" facing his own demons. Mahesh Shelatkar Dom Cobb is a thief with the rare ability to enter people's dreams and steal their secrets from their subconsciouses. His skill has made him a hot commodity in the world of corporate espionage, but has also cost him everything he loves. Cobb gets a chance at redemption when he is offered a seemingly impossible task: Plant an idea in someone's mind. If he succeeds, it will be the perfect crime, but a dangerous enemy anticipates Cobb's every move. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young man, exhausted and delirious, washes up on a beach, looking up momentarily to see two young children ( Claire Geare and Magnus Nolan ) playing in the sand before he passes out. An armed guard ( Tohoru Masamune ) discovers him and has him brought to a large, seaside palace where the proprietor, an elderly Japanese man, is told of the stranger's arrival. The only objects found on him were a handgun and a brass top. The old man allows the stranger entry. He is dragged in and given some food which he struggles to eat as the old man picks up the brass top and says, "You remind me of someone...a man I met in a half remembered dream. He was possessed of some radical notions." The stranger looks up in realization as the scene shifts... Dom Cobb ( Leonardo DiCaprio ) and his partner, Arthur ( Joseph Gordon-Levitt ), speak to a prospective client, Saito ( Ken Watanabe ), in an eerily similar dining room about the services they provide; specifically protection against thieves specialized in extracting valuable information from a subject while they're dreaming. Cobb explains that, when one is asleep, one's mind is vulnerable to attack and what he can do is train Saito's mind to subconsciously defend against extractors to protect whatever secrets he may be hiding. He backs up his claim by revealing that he is the most skilled extractor there is and knows all the tricks involved. Appearing skeptical, Saito stands to leave, telling Cobb he will consider his proposition, and exits the room to join a small party in the main hall. Arthur casts Cobb a glance, saying, He knows as the room begins to shake. They walk to an outside balcony where other party-goers mingle and Arthur points to a woman nearby, asking Cobb what she's doing here. Cobb assures him that he'll take care of it and to proceed with the job. He knows where Saito's secrets are; he glanced over at a safe the minute Cobb mentioned the word. Cobb approaches the woman who asks if he misses her. He responds that he does but can't trust her anymore. They retreat to a private room where Cobb ties a rope to the leg of a chair and tosses the end out of the window. He tells the woman, Mal ( Marion Cotillard ), to take a seat as she asks him if the children miss her. Cobb pauses a moment before saying, "I can't imagine." He then repels out the window to a ledge below, nearly falling when Mal leaves her seat. He breaks into the room below and accesses the safe, swapping out the manila folder inside for another, as the lights in the room turn on. He turns with his gun out to see Mal aiming a gun at him and standing beside Saito and a guard holding Arthur. Cobb asks Saito if 'she told him' as he slides his gun across the table. Saito responds, "That you are here to steal from me, or that we are actually asleep?" This proves true: the three of them are hooked up to a PASIV (Portable Automated Somnacin IntraVenous) device which feeds them the sleep drug Somnacin, keeping them all asleep and allowing dream-sharing. They are watched over by Nash ( Lukas Haas ), another of Cobb's partners. He checks Saito, sleeping on a bed, before going into another room to check on Arthur and Cobb, both asleep in chairs. Cobb's chair sits above a tub full of water. Explosions and shouts outside get closer as a mob of rioters moves down the street. Inside the dream, Mal holds her gun to Arthur's head but Cobb tells her the threat is empty, as he hands the manila folder over to Saito, since shooting him will only wake him up. Mal smiles in agreement but says that pain is only in the mind and perceived as real as she shoots Arthur in the knee, causing him to cry out. Cobb dives across the table and retrieves his gun before shooting Arthur in the head. He then dashes out of the room under gunfire from Saito's guards. Arthur wakes up and instructs Nash that things are falling apart but Cobb still has time to finish the job before he checks on the still sleeping Saito. Saito frantically opens the manila folder as the dream begins to collapse and shouts in anger as he finds blank pages inside. Cobb manages to hide away for a moment to look at the contents of the real folder which he'd hidden in his jacket, gazing over the confidential files as the building crumbles around him. Saito is crushed by debris and wakes up in the apartment, unseen to Arthur as he reaches under his pillow. Arthur tells Nash to wake Cobb by giving him the kick. Nash pushes Cobb backwards into the tub and, as he hits the water, Cobb's dream is flooded with massive waves cascading through the windows before he wakes up. Saito, having reached under his pillow for his gun, grabs Arthur but is subdued by Cobb who tells him that not all the information he needed was in the file he stole. Saito laughs and claims that all the information he had was in the file because he knew of Cobb's ruse all along. He allowed Cobb and Arthur into his mind as part of an audition which they failed, saying that 'your deception was obvious.' Asserting that his employer, Cobol Engineering, won't accept failure, Cobb throws Saito on the floor and demands that he tell them what they need to know about his expansion project. With his face pressed into the carpet, Saito begins to laugh again and reveals that he is familiar with the material of the carpet; it is supposed to be made of wool instead of polyester. Thus, he comes to the conclusion that he is still sleeping. Sure enough, Saito, Arthur, Nash, and Cobb are all asleep in the car of a train, watched over by a young man named Tadashi ( Tai-Li Lee ) who monitors the time remaining on the PASIV device. He places headphones over Nash's ears and plays music as a cue that their time is running out. The music plays faintly within the dream but enough that Nash can hear it. As the rioting mob outside draws nearer, Saito commends Cobb on creating a dream within a dream but becomes confused at his inability to control this dream. Nash reveals that they're not in Saito's dream...they're in his. The mob breaks through the door, attacking everyone in the room, and Arthur, Nash, and Cobb wake up on the train. Cobb berates Nash, the architect of the dream, for designing the carpet wrong and throws Tadashi a wad of money before leaving, telling them 'every man for himself'. Saito wakes up moments later to find himself alone in the car, save for Tadashi who's resumed a casual pose, but smiles wryly to himself. In his apartment, Cobb spins his brass top and takes his gun, pointing it at his temple as the top spins. When it falls, he breathes a sigh of relief and puts the gun down. His phone rings and he picks it up to hear his two children, James and Phillipa ( Johnathan Geare and Taylor Geare ), on the other line with their grandmother. They ask when he's coming home and he responds that he can't because of work. When James asks if their mother is with him - an image of Mal crosses his mind - Cobb pauses and tells him that 'mommy's not here anymore'. He tells them to behave and that he'll send presents with grandpa before their grandmother hangs up. Arthur knocks on the door and tells Cobb their ride is on the roof. Cobb decides to fly to Buenos Aires to lie low in lieu of their failed job for Cobol while Arthur says he's returning 'stateside'. Cobb asks him to send his regards as they open the door to the helicopter and see Nash, beaten and bruised, and Saito waiting for them. Apparently, Nash had tried to sell out Cobb and Arthur for his own safety but Saito has other interests. He offers Cobb a job performing 'inception' for him, something Arthur claims is impossible. Cobb, however, says that it's not impossible but extremely difficult since it involves planting an idea in someone's mind rather than extracting one. He turns away, insisting that he'll find a way to resolve relations with Cobol himself but Saito then asks him if he wants to go home to his children in America. He promises Cobb that, if he succeeds, all he will need to do is make a phone call and the charges keeping Cobb out of the country will be dropped. Desperate, and to Arthur's exasperation, Cobb accepts. They board the helicopter with Saito while two thugs carry Nash away to an uncertain fate. En route, Arthur explains to Saito the nature of inception, telling him that simply planting an idea in someone's head does not guarantee that the idea will take. The subject may very well discover that the idea is not theirs and reject it. True inspiration, Arthur claims, is impossible, despite Cobb's thoughts otherwise. Saito shares with them his reasoning for the job; he needs the CEO of a competing energy conglomerate to split up his father's company, ensuring Saito's own Proclus Global complete domination over the energy production industry. Despite the daunting task, Cobb agrees to perform the job. Saito drops them off at the airport and advises Cobb to choose his team wisely. Cobb travels to Paris where he meets up with his father-in-law, Miles ( Michael Caine ), a professor at a university and the one who taught Cobb and Mal about dream-sharing and designing dreams. Cobb asks for an architect, one as good as he, and Miles points him to someone better. He introduces Cobb to a graduate student of his, Ariadne ( Elliot Page ) who is immediately put to the test by Cobb to design a maze that takes one minute to create and two to solve. After impressing Cobb with her skills, he tells her more about his line of work and what is required of her. Her job as architect will be to design dreams and create virtual mazes for the dreamers subconscious to inhabit while allowing Cobb and his team to work. As they talk outside a cafe, Cobb attempts to make Ariadne aware that they are actually in a dream. The realization causes Ariadne to panic and the dream violently collapses. When they awake, Ariadne finds they are in Cobb's warehouse workshop where Arthur is monitoring them. Ariadne shows surprise when Arthur says they'd been under only five minutes when it felt like hours. Cobb explains that the mind functions faster in a dream, so time moves slower. They go under again and Ariadne is given the opportunity to creatively alter the physics of the dream. Her architectural wonders cause the people in the dream - projections of Cobb's subconscious - to search for the intruder - Ariadne - like white blood cells drawn to a virus. When Ariadne makes the mistake of creating a bridge from her memories, Cobb recognizes it and his subconscious reacts as a mob, separating Ariadne from Cobb until Mal appears and stabs her. She wakes up and Cobb rushes to the restroom while Arthur explains that Cobb's subconscious became aware of her as an invasive being and she was unable to wake up right away because there was still time on the clock. The only way for her to wake up was if she died. Cobb takes out his top and spins it, sighing as it topples over. Ariadne leaves the warehouse, angry and refusing to open her mind to Cobb if his subconscious is as tormented as it seems. Cobb returns to the room and assures Arthur that she'll be back but he needs to make a trip to Mombasa to recruit an old friend to the team. He finds Eames ( Tom Hardy ) gambling at a bar and offers him a place on his team as a forger/imitator. Eames agrees before telling Cobb he's being tailed, pointing to two men at the bar. Cobb recognizes them as Cobol thugs who must be aiming to collect the bounty on his head for the botched Saito job. Eames creates a distraction while Cobb escapes, leading the thugs on a chaotic chase through the city streets. At the last moment, Saito pulls up in a limousine and picks up first Cobb, then Eames. He explains that he's been tracing Cobb to protect his investment. Eames takes them to a local chemist he knows who experiments with Somnacin and who might be an asset to their team. Yusuf ( Dileep Rao ) listens as Cobb explains that his job may require the use of a three-layered dream. Yusuf says that this would be otherwise impossible, due to the instability of dreams the further down you go, if not for a special solution he's concocted with a powerful sedative. To show its effectiveness, Yusuf takes them downstairs where they see dozens of men sleeping under the watch of an old man ( Earl Cameron ). He tells Cobb that these men come here to 'wake up'; dreaming has become their reality. With the aid of the sedative, their sleep is deep and stable and they are able to dream for what feels to them like years. Cobb tries the sedative himself and is impressed with its affects, though shaken after waking from a vivid dream with Mal. He convinces Yusuf to join his team. Meanwhile, Ariadne returns to the workshop where she tells Arthur that she meant to stay away but couldn't resist the pure creation involved in architectural dreaming. Arthur takes her into a dream and introduces the notion of creating paradoxes, such as the Penrose steps. He also reveals that Mal was Cobb's wife and has since passed away. Despite Mal's malevolent nature within the dreams - her existence now only as a projection of Cobb's - Arthur tells Ariadne she was lovely in real life. The team bands together and decides that they will create a three-level dream with the third level containing the planted idea. The target in mind is Robert Fischer ( Cillian Murphy ), the CEO and heir of Fischer Morrow, whose father, Maurice ( Pete Postlethwaite ), is slowly decaying with illness. Eames targets Robert's godfather and business partner, Peter Browning ( Tom Berenger ), to get a better grasp on the father-son dynamic and to use his imitation skills at their best. The team decides that, in order to get Robert to split up his father's company and because of their complicated relationship, a positive idea will trump a negative one; 'my father wants me to be my own man.' Saito oversees most of the plans and, because he wants full verification of any success or failure, decides that he will accompany the team into the dreams as a 'tourist'. As the team prepares over the next few weeks, Arthur shows Ariadne the significance of 'totems'; small, personal objects that enable a person to differentiate between dreams and reality. Cobb's totem is his top, which topples over in the real world and keeps spinning in a dream. Arthur's is a loaded die and he instructs Ariadne to create one for herself that only she can touch to ensure its validity. She creates a semi-hollowed bishop chess piece as her totem. Wanting as much time as possible to complete the job, the team decides, with Saito's help, that they will perform the job on a Boeing 747 during an international flight from Europe to Los Angeles, a 10 hour flight. This will give them a week in the first stage of the dreams. Saito reveals that he's bought the entire airline, making the job neater and without having to buy out certain sections of the plane for access. One evening, after a day of formulating plans, Ariadne finds Cobb dreaming alone in the workshop. Curious, she hooks herself up to his machine and finds herself descending in an elevator. She sees Cobb sitting in a living room with Mal who quickly detects Ariadne's presence. Cobb gets up and joins Ariadne in the elevator, leading her through some of the levels that Ariadne discovers are each specific memories; something he originally told her never to do. Horrified after seeing Cobb's torment over leaving home without saying farewell to his children, Ariadne takes the elevator alone to the last level where she sees a hotel room, the contents of which are strewn on the floor. She steps on some broken glass and Mal looks up from the couch, asking what she's doing here. Ariadne tries to explain that she just wants to understand but Mal becomes defensive and picks up a shard of glass. Cobb arrives and takes Ariadne back to the elevator as Mal rushes forward, shouting at Cobb that he didn't keep his promise. Ariadne and Cobb exit the dream and Cobb explains that the reason he can't go home is because of Mal's death, because it was thought that he killed her. He thanks Ariadne when she doesn't ask him if he did or not but she does warn him that he's mistaken if he thinks he can cage Mal like that. He needs to release his guilt over her death. Ariadne convinces Cobb to allow her to go with the team into the dreams because he needs someone who understands what he's going through. At that moment, Saito and Arthur arrive and announce that Maurice Fischer has died and Robert will be accompanying the body to the States in a few days. The team boards the flight and sits with Robert in a sectioned-off first class cabin. Cobb returns Robert's passport, pick-pocketed by Arthur, as a conversation starter and then drugs his water before proposing a toast in his father's honor. Within moments, Robert is asleep and the paid-off flight attendant ( Miranda Nolan ) assists setting up and activating the PASIV device. All together, the team descends into, first, Yusuf's dream. It is raining heavily in New York City as members of the team are picked up. Arthur and Saito commandeer a taxi, pick up Robert and Eames and then Yusuf as Saito holds a gun to Robert as part of the kidnap ruse. Cobb and Ariadne follow in a separate car until a train suddenly barges down the middle of the street, hitting their car and temporarily stalling them. Gunfire then opens on the taxi and the team is forced to take immediate evasive maneuvers, hiding out in a warehouse where its discovered that Saito has been shot in the chest. Robert is taken into another room while Saito is laid on a table. Before Eames can shoot him to end his misery and wake him up, Cobb stops him and explains that, due to the sedatives they've taken, they won't wake up if they die. Instead, they'll be sent to limbo; a shared dream-state of raw subconscious where time is practically non-existent. The team is angered by this, wondering why they've taken such a risk, as they contemplate what to do about the armed forces closing in on their location. They find out that Robert's subconscious has been trained to fight against extraction and the projections attacking them are part of that defense. With Saito's condition deteriorating and unable to wait much longer due to the approaching defense projections, the team decides they need to complete the job as quickly as possible. Ariadne confronts Cobb about the control he has over his own subconscious and he confesses that he can't keep Mal out of his head. He tells her that they had been experimenting with dream states and wanted to see how far down they could go into their subconscious. They wound up in limbo together, unable to leave because of the time remaining on their PASIV clock. They recreated their lives, spending years worth of building. After so long, they began to perceive limbo as their reality. After something like 50 years, Cobb and Mal killed themselves on train tracks to bring them back to reality. Despite returning to the real world, Mal continued to believe that she was still dreaming and believed that dying was the only way to 'wake up', but she refused to leave without Cobb; she loved him too much. On their wedding anniversary, Cobb went to the hotel room they always stayed in to find it trashed and the window open. Outside, on an opposite ledge, sat Mal who revealed to Cobb that she filed a letter to their attorney expressing a fear for her life, effectively framing him in the event of her death and forcing him no other way than to join her. Cobb refuses to jump and attempts to bring Mal to her senses, but she ignores him and jumps to her death. Since she declared herself legally sane by three psychiatrists, Cobb's case for his innocence is overruled by the outstanding evidence against him. With no other choice, Cobb leaves his children behind with their grandmother and flees the country. Ariadne tries to convince Cobb that Mal's death was not his fault and that he needs to focus on the mission. Eames prepares himself as an impersonation of Browning while Cobb and Arthur interrogate Robert, demanding to know the combination to his father's safe. They pressure Robert by using 'Browning' as leverage. Eames shouts from another room as if being beaten before he is brought into the room with Robert to try and get him to remember. He tells Robert that the safe contains an alternate version of his father's will, one that will dissolve the company if Robert chooses so. 'Browning' tells Robert that his father loved him and wanted him to build something of his own. As Robert's defenses close in on the warehouse, Robert reveals that one word he could decipher out of his father's last words was 'disappointed', convincing him that his father didn't love him. With the warehouse in danger of being infiltrated, the team pressure Robert once again for a combination. He tells them a series of random numbers that come to mind before they load him into a van and drug him to sleep. They all get in and prepare to enter the second level of the dream while Yusuf drives the van away from the pursuing projections. In Arthur's dream, Cobb resolves to use 'Mr. Charles', a method in which he introduces the subject to the fact that he's dreaming in order to garner trust. He meets Robert at a bar and tells him that he is there to protect him and someone is trying to access his mind. He convinces Robert that he's dreaming by introducing the strangeness of their surroundings and calms Robert to control them. He helps Robert remember that he's been kidnapped and leads him to a hotel room (the first few numbers of which match the first digits Robert thought of for the combination) where the rest of the team regroups. Saito is in better health in this level of the dream, but soon begins coughing. When Robert's projection on Browning arrives, Cobb convinces Robert that it was Browning who kidnapped him by asking if he saw Browning being tortured by the kidnappers in his previous sleep level. Browning confesses that he was responsible for the kidnapping, as the second testament left to Robert allowed him to destroy his father's empire, which Browning could not let him do it. Cobb suggests to Robert that they enter Browning's dreams to figure out what was really in the safe so that Robert can decide for himself. Robert agrees, now unknowingly assisting in his own inception and the team is hooked up again, this time with Arthur remaining behind to watch over them and administer a synchronized kick when its time. As the team goes into the third dream, in actuality Robert's, Arthur is forced to fight off more of Robert's defensive projections while in the first dream Yusuf continues to drive the van. The third dream is set in snow covered mountains where Robert's safe is heavily guarded in a mountainside fort. The team splits up to draw the guards away. Cobb goes with Ariadne, Eames travels alone to ward off the guards, and Robert and Saito begin ascending a mountainside to access a blind side of the fort. Meanwhile, Yusuf momentarily loses control of the van and it tumbles down an incline, the tumbling effect translates into Arthur's dream as he fights off Robert's projections, the environment around him spinning as gravity reverses and then rights itself. As Yusuf continues driving, he becomes cornered on an elevated bridge with one car full of projections stuck with him. Yusuf plays music through Arthur's headphones to warn him of the incoming kick before driving backwards off the bridge. Upon impact, the force sends Arthur in his dream flying and, as the van plummets in mid air, there is a loss of gravity in Arthur's dream. The impact also translates into the third level of the dream. Saito and Robert look up the mountainside and are forced to cut their lines as an avalanche sweeps down upon them. Cobb realizes they've missed the first kick, but they still have time for the second one when the van hits the water off the bridge. Van drives off the bridge: 10 seconds left to impact. Dream 2: 3 minutes to synchronize the kick. Arthur struggles with a way to do this without gravity. Dream 3: 60 minutes left. With little time left, Cobb demands to know if there is another way into the fort and Ariadne relents into telling him of a secret underground entrance that Robert and Saito can access. Cobb send them there, all while Saito's condition deteriorates. They finally enter the main room where the safe is located while Cobb and Ariadne watch from a snipers angle. Succumbing to his injuries, Saito is left to lay down, coughing blood as Robert continues forward. However, as Robert comes into Cobb's view, so does another person. Mal drops in from the ceiling and shoots Robert down before Cobb comes to his senses and shoots her. Eames is ordered to the room as Cobb and Ariadne rush to the site. Finding Robert dead, Cobb labels the mission a failure, since the only other place where Robert has gone is limbo. Ariadne, however, convinces him that, if they go into limbo, they'll have enough time to find Robert and bring him back. Eames agrees to use a defibrillator to jump start Roberts heart to help while Cobb and Ariadne go under. Meanwhile, in dream level 2, Arthur devises a unique plan. He uses phone wires to tie the team together and brings them into the elevator. He lines the outside of the car with explosives, timing down till the kick with the intention of using explosive force to create gravity and instigating a kick. In limbo, Cobb and Ariadne tour the deteriorating world that he and Mal once built. They see old homes and buildings before they find the one where Cobb knows Mal must be. If they find Mal, they'll find Robert because Mal will want to use something Cobb wants to bring him to her. Sure enough, they enter the apartment and Mal is waiting for them. She tries, again, to convince Cobb that his place is with her in their real home with their children but Cobb reveals a terrible truth, the reason why Mal believed that her dreams were real. While they were in limbo, Mal had stored away a truth that she didn't want to believe anymore; her totem, placed within her safe, lying on its side, immobile; telling her that her dream, her limbo, was reality. In an effort to save her mind, Cobb broke into her safe and spun the top to convince her that this world was not real. However, he did not know that, once they really woke up, she would continue to believe that. This was how he knew inception would work; because he performed it on Mal first and his guilt over her subsequent death has been plaguing him ever since. He tells Mal that he will stay with her in limbo if she tells him where Robert is and she reveals he's on the porch. Ariadne finds him there and pushes him off as an improvised kick. Robert comes back to life in dream level 3 with Eames' aid and opens his own safe, finding within an image of his bed-stricken father muttering his last word. Robert acknowledges that his father was disappointed that he couldn't be him, but Maurice says, "No...no. I was disappointed that you tried." Maurice then points to a cabinet where Robert finds the will...and a paper fan his father made for him once as a child. Tearfully, Robert looks up to see his father has passed and breaks down as the van hits the water. Dream 2, Arthur hits the detonator and the explosives force the elevator down, creating artificial gravity on the team. Dream 3, a series of explosions set by Eames rock the fort, collapsing the main floor. In limbo, the synchronization of kicks pulls on Ariadne and she calls for Cobb to join her. Cobb says that he will stay in limbo, but not with Mal. By this time, Saito has died and joined limbo as well. Cobb must find him but promises to return. Ariadne leaps off the side of the building and rides the kicks back to dream 1. In the van, Robert wakes up and escapes the submerged van with 'Browning'. Arthur and Ariadne share an oxygen tank with Yusuf before they escape the van, leaving Cobb. Robert and 'Browning' make it to shore where Robert reveals that his father really did want him to be his own man and that he's going to do just that and liquidate his father's company. Knowing the mission is a success, Eames drops the Browning mask. In limbo, Cobb washes ashore where the armed guard finds him. He is brought to the seaside palace where the elderly Japanese man recognizes his brass top. Cobb recalls what he was there to do and calls to Saito, asking him to come back with him and honor their arrangement. The elderly Saito reaches for Cobb's gun. Cobb wakes up on the airplane and looks around, startled, to see Arthur and Ariadne smiling at him. He looks at the now awake Saito who remembers, picking up his phone and dials. The plane lands in Los Angeles and Cobb nervously moves through customs where security checks his passport, but allows him passage through, welcoming him home. Cobb walks past the rest of the team and Robert, who pauses a moment as if recalling a half-remembered dream. Ahead of him, Cobb sees Miles calling him over. They drive home together where Cobb hesitates before taking out his brass top. He spins it on the table in the kitchen as his children appear at the back door. He runs to them, elated to see their faces again as the top continues to spin, wobbles a bit...and the screen turns to black. The very last moment of the film is a little more complex than indicated by the current synopsis (see above): "...the top continues to spin, wobbles a bit.." which indicates that Cobb has returned to reality. The actual script, by Christopher Nolan, differs from this. The script ends with Behind him, on the table, the spinning top is STILL SPINNING. And we- FADE OUT. CREDITS. END. My feeling is that the author wished us to see Cobb as failing, which is in line with the rest of the film-everyone dying or hurting; nothing positive, really, except for Cobb's hopes. However, I also think that the director or producer wanted to leave the ending ambiguous, so that optimists would see a positive ending, and cynics would see something more pessimistic. ----------- The description of the movie's end above doesn't fully explain the final scene. Then it appears someone edited it by adding their subjective *interpretation* of the ending. So to clarify, here's what (objectively, without interpretation) happens: Cobb enters his home and spins the top on the kitchen table as his children appear at the back door. He immediately goes to them, elated to see them, they all hug, the kids start telling him stories of what he missed while he was gone, he replies the way good parents do - showing he's enthusiastic, fully focused on them, etc and they all start to walk away (from the top). We continue to hear their chatter in the background as the video and audio focus in on the spinning top. It continues to spin. It wobbles just a little - just enough to leave the viewer wondering whether it's going to keep spinning or not. End movie. [My subjective interpretation: it's left to the viewer to decide whether it keeps spinning or it falls. But the real point is that Cobb no longer cares.] 
 Witness (1985)761) When a young Amish boy is sole witness to a murder while visiting Philadelphia with his mother, police detective John Book tries to protect the boy until an attempt on Book's life forces him into hiding in Amish country. An 8 year old Amish boy and his mother are traveling to Philadelphia, on their way to visit the mother's sister. While waiting at the train station, the young boy witnesses a brutal murder inside one of the bathroom stalls. Police detective John Book is assigned to investigate the murder of the man, who was an undercover cop. Soon after, Book finds out that he's in great danger when the culprits know about his investigation and hides out in the Amish community. There, he learns the way of living among the Amish locals, which consists of non-violence and agriculture. Book soon starts a romance with the mother of the little boy, but their romance is forbidden by the Amish standards. But, it's not long before the bad guys find out Book's whereabouts. blazesnakes9 After witnessing a brutal murder, young Amish boy Samuel and his mother Rachel seek protection from police officer John Book. When Book uncovers evidence of police corruption involving narcotics lieutenant James McFee, Book must take Rachel and Samuel, and flee to the Amish countryside where Rachel grew up. There, immersed in Amish culture and tradition, Book and Rachel begin a cautious romance. Jwelch5742 Samuel Lap is a young Amish boy who witnesses a murder in Philadelphia while traveling with his mother Rachel. A good cop named John Book must go with them into hiding when the killers come after them. All three retreat to Amish country and Book has to adjust to the new life style, and his feelings for the boy's mother. Of course the killers are still on their trail. Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu> Young Amish widow Rachel Lapp is taking her young son Samuel to Philadelphia for the first time. While in a washroom at the train station, Samuel sees two men savagely murder a third. The detective assigned to the homicide case is Det. John Book who informs them that the murdered man was a police officer. It isn't long before the young boy fingers Philadelphia narcotics officer McFee as the murderer. Book soon discovers that McFee was involved in the theft of something called P2P, an ingredient used in the making of methamphetamine. Shortly after Book tells his boss this information, McFee comes after Book and wounds him in a shootout. Book determines that the best way to avoid detection is to blend in with the Amish community, which he does, working with them on their farms and helping with building a new barn. But the corrupt cops Book has exposed are determined to keep their dirty work a secret, and they come looking for Book & Samuel to silence them for good.... Derek O'Cain When a young Amish woman and her son get caught up in the murder of an undercover narcotics agent, their savior turns out to be hardened Philadelphia detective John Book. Harrison Ford is sensational as Book, the cop who turns head-on into the non-violent world of the Pennsylvania Amish community. The end result is an action packed struggle of life and death, interwoven with a sensitive undercurrent of caring and forbidden love. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1984, an Amish community outside Lancaster, Pennsylvania attends the funeral of Jacob Lapp, who leaves behind his young wife Rachel and eight-year-old son Samuel. Rachel and Samuel travel by train to visit Rachel's sister, which takes them into Philadelphia. While waiting for a connecting train, Samuel goes into the men's room and witnesses the brutal murder of an undercover police officer, but manages to evade detection by hiding in the stalls. Detective John Book is assigned to the case where he and partner Sergeant Elton Carter question Samuel. Although Samuel is unable to identify the perpetrator from mugshots or a line-up, he later sees a newspaper clipping in a trophy case of narcotics officer James McFee receiving an award and points him out to Book. Book investigates and finds out that McFee was previously responsible for a seizure of expensive chemicals used to make black-market amphetamines, but the evidence has now disappeared. Book surmises that McFee sold the chemicals to drug dealers, and that the murdered detective had been investigating the theft. Book expresses his suspicions to Chief of Police Paul Schaeffer, who advises Book to keep the case secret so they can work out how to proceed. Book is later ambushed and shot in a parking garage by McFee and left badly wounded. Since only Schaeffer knew of Book's suspicions, he realises Schaeffer is also corrupt and tipped off McFee. Knowing Samuel and Rachel are now in grave danger, Book orders his partner to remove all traces of the Lapps from his files and he drives the boy and his mother back to their community, but his loss of blood causes him to pass out in front of their farm. Book insists that going to a hospital would allow the corrupt police officers to find him and put Samuel in danger. Rachel's father-in-law Eli reluctantly agrees to shelter him despite his distrust of the outsider. Book slowly recovers in their care and begins to develop feelings for Rachel, who likewise is drawn to him. The Lapps' neighbour Daniel Hochleitner had hoped to court her and this becomes a cause of friction. During his convalescence, Book dresses in Jacob Lapp's clothing in order to avoid drawing attention to himself. His relationship with the Amish community deepens as they learn he is skilled at carpentry and seems like a decent, hard-working man. After accepting an invitation to a barn raising for a newly married couple, Book gains Hochleitner's respect. Book goes into town with Eli to use a payphone, where he learns that Carter has been killed. He deduces that Schaeffer and McFee murdered Carter after discovering his role in the case to get closer to Book, with the aid of a third corrupt officer, Detective Sergeant Leon Ferguson. While in town, Hochleitner is harassed by tourists. Book retaliates, breaking with the Amish tradition of non-violence. The fight between the bullies and the strange "Amish" man is reported to the local police and they inform Schaeffer, who had previously contacted the sheriff in his efforts to locate Book, Rachel and Samuel. The next day, Schaeffer, McFee and Ferguson arrive at the Lapp farm, taking Rachel and Eli hostage as a way of luring Book and Samuel out. Book orders Samuel to run to Hochleitner's home for safety, tricks Ferguson into the corn silo and suffocates him under tons of corn, then uses Ferguson's shotgun to kill McFee. Samuel, hearing the gunshots, heads back to the farm. Schaeffer forces Rachel and Eli out of the house at gunpoint; Eli signals to Samuel to ring the farm's bell. Book confronts Schaeffer, who threatens to kill Rachel, but the loud clanging from the bell summons the Amish, who resolutely gather near and silently watch him. With so many witnesses present, Schaeffer gives up and Book arrests him. Book says goodbye to Samuel in the fields and Eli wishes him well "out there among them English", signifying his acceptance of Book as a member of their community. Exchanging a wave with Hochleitner on the road out, Book departs. 