nm0004873:

 Inspector Gadget (1999)541) A security guard's dreams come true when he is selected to be transformed into a cybernetic police officer. A remake of the television series, Matthew Broderick stars as Gadget, who suffers an accident at the beginning of the film, and befriends Brenda, a robotic surgeon who repairs Gadget so that he can defeat the villain Claw. In the meantime, Gadget and Brenda fall in love. Ari Herzog <ari@ici.net> When Security Officer John Brown is horribly injured after chasing after a killer, Dr. Brenda Bradford sees it as a perfect opportunity for her new project to take place. When John wakes up, he finds his body changed. John Brown is now Inspector Gadget; a cybernetic police officer whose first plan is to hunt down the killer of Bradford's father. FilmFanUk Security guard John Brown wants to be a cop. After a battle with a cyberthief leaves him critically injured, Brown's employer, Dr. Brenda Bradford, turns him into the robotic cybercop Inspector Gadget. Gadget and Brenda battle the Claw, an evil industrialist intent on stealing Brenda's technological secrets and destroying Gadget once and for all. Ray Hamel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Security officer John Brown is a security guard, who one day dreams of becoming a real Police Officer. In the meantime, he is charged with guarding a science lab operated by Brenda Bradford, and her father. One evening, a break-in occurs, in which a top-secret robotics project is stolen, and Brenda's father is killed. John gives pursuit of the getaway vehicle, which houses famed millionaire Sanford Scolex, and his assistant, Sikes. The chase lead to both vehicles being damaged, with Scolex tossing an exploding cigar into John's car. The ensuing explosion blows a bowling ball out of John's car, and into Scolex's limo, crushing his hand. John's injuries are numerous, and Brenda wishes to apply the 'Gadget program' that she and her father were working on, to help mend John. John is then outfitted with a number of different gadgets, that leads to at first be terrified, until Brenda explains that his new and improved self can help make a difference in people's lives. Brenda helps Gadget get acclimated with his new self, and explains about the advanced control chip that powers his body. Without it, John would not be able to function. Brenda also provides Gadget with a jive-talking vehicle, dubbed The Gadgetmobile. Meanwhile, Scolex has had an assistant named Kramer, fashion a claw-like arm in place of his crushed hand, and considers changing his name to 'Claw.' The item that they stole from the Bradford's lab (a robotic foot) proves unable to respond to Kramer and Sike's tinkering, leading Scolex to think that something extra must be needed to make it work. Gadget is first made known by the City's Mayor, and Police Chief Quimby. Even though Gadget is assigned to the Police, Quimby still dislikes the idea of a machine being shoehorned into his department, and relegates Gadget to community projects...like rescuing cats from trees. After the announcement, a gala celebration is held, wherein Gadget accompanies Brenda to the festivities. At the event, Scolex appears, and offers Brenda her own facilities and funding. Though Gadget reminds her of her and her Father's work on the 'Gadget Program,' Brenda gladly accepts Scolex's offer, unaware of his plans to steal her technological ideas and designs. Gadget is also upset that he is not being taken seriously, and sets out to find out who killed Brenda's father, with the help of his niece Penny, and her dog Brain. A mechanical piece at the scene of the crime contains the initials 'SI,' leading Gadget to Scolex Industries. In the meantime, with Brenda working for him, Scolex has stolen several of her ideas, and crafted two robotic clones of his own: one a bimbo-like clone of Brenda, and another that is an evil clone of Inspector Gadget. While Scolex keeps Brenda's clone for himself, Robo-Gadget is sent out to terrorize the public. Gadget manages to break into Scolex's facility, but is captured when he tries to recover the robotic foot stolen from Brenda's lab. Gadget is then eliminated when Scolex has the 'Gadget Chip' destroyed, leaving his assistant Sikes to dump Gadget at the City Dump. In the aftermath, Robo-Gadget goes on a mad rampage, prompting Brenda and Penny to try and find the real Gadget. Using the Gadgetmobile, they find him in the dump, but without the chip. However, due to Gadget's caring and emotions, he manages to start back up, and everyone decides to go after Scolex. After dropping off Penny and Brain at home, Brenda and Gadget find Scolex's limo, containing both Scolex and Robo-Gadget. Gadget wrestles Robo-Gadget into the streets, and the two have a battle until Gadget finally wins. Gadget activiates his Gadgetcopter, and heads to Scolex's building, in time to see him flying away with Brenda. Gadget manages to disable the helicopter, and safely recovers Brenda. In the aftermath, Scolex and his assistant Sikes are arrested for the murder of Brenda's father, and as the Police arrive, Quimby acknowledges Gadget as an actual member of the police force. As Scolex is led away, he vows to get Gadget 'next time,' as the Inspector and Brenda head off. 
 Employee of the Month (2006)431) A slacker competes with a repeat winner for the "Employee of the Month" title at work, in order to gain the affections of a new female employee. Slacker Zack Bradley works as a box boy at Super Club, a warehouse club store. It is the lowest in the job hierarchy at the store. He doesn't work very hard at his job, and along with some of his fellow employee friends treats the store like his playground. Regardless, he is well liked by most of the other employees. He used to be hard working, when he was developing a dot com, but he lost all his and his grandmother's money in the process. As such, he decided not to take any risks in life while he now lives with her so as to provide her with what he considers at least a more reliable life. On the other extreme is Vince Downey, who lords an air of superiority over his fellow employees as the store's head cashier. He lives to be the store's best employee solely so that he can be named Employee of the Month, which he has been named seventeen months in a row. If he is named Employee of the Month for a record eighteenth time in a row, he will be rewarded with entrance into the corporation's management track program and a new car. Zack decides he wants to break Vince's streak if only because he reads in the employment record of recent transfer, the pretty Amy Renfro, that she had a thing at her previous store for men who have been named Employee of the Month. Zack finds that working toward being Employee of the Month is not as easy as he thought, especially as Vince will not relinquish the title and all its perks without a fight, dirty or not. Zack has to decide how far he is willing to go to get the title and the girl. Huggo At Super Club, a large warehouse store, the employees strive to obtain the "Employee of the Month" award with the benefits of having their picture featured on the wall of fame in the staff lounge. Zack Bradley, a box boy, and Vince Downey, a cashier, are two competitive Super Club employees. Vince has become head cashier of the store and winner of seventeen consecutive "Employee of the Month" awards. Zack, on the other hand, is a slacker but is popular with his colleagues. Zack has not won any "Employee of the Month" awards and has no desire to except when Amy, a new cashier who only dates "Employee of the Month" winners, transfers to the store. Zack and Vince compete to get Amy's attention through competition and courtship. Vince attempts to impress Amy with skills as a cashier and his seventeen "Employee of the Month" awards, while Zack attempts to use several methods of charm and comedy to win her affection. After realizing that Amy is falling for Vince, Zack believes his only chance to get her is to win Super Club's next "Employee of the Month" award. Wikipedia Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vince Downey (Dax Shepard) is the head cashier and winner of 17 consecutive Employee of the Month awards at Super Club. If he wins one more Employee of the Month, he will be put in the Super Club's Hall of Fame and win a new-'ish' car. Zack Bradley (Dane Cook), who is the ultimate slacker, has been working at Super Club for 10 years, and is still at the bottom job, working as a box boy. Then Amy (Jessica Simpson) enters the picture; she is a new cashier transferring in from another Super Club store. Amy has a reputation of dating men who have won Employee of the Month at the other store, Vince and Zack want to date Amy, so the fight is on to win Employee of the Month! Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Reality Bites (1994)Summaries A documentary filmmaker and her fellow Generation X graduates face life after college, looking for work and love in Houston. In this study of Generation X manners, Lelaina Pierce (Winona Ryder), the valedictorian of her college class, camcords her friends in a mock documentary of posteducation life. Troy Dyer (Ethan Hawke) is her best friend, a perpetually unemployed musical slacker. Vickie Miner (Janeane Garofalo) is a manager at the Gap who worries about the results of an A.I.D.S. test, while Sammy Gray (Steve Zahn) has problems grappling with his sexuality. When Lelaina meets Michael Grates (Ben Stiller), an earnest video executive who takes her homemade video to his MTV-like station, she must decide what she values - the materialism of yuppie Michael or the philosophical musings of Troy. Rick Gregory <rag.apa@email.apa.org> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Road Trip (2000)44) Four college buddies embark on a road trip to retrieve an illicit tape mistakenly mailed to a female friend. Josh and Tiffany have been together since they were kids. ENTER Beth, a sexy blonde going to college with Josh. One night, Josh and Beth hook up and make a videotape the same day that Josh plans to mail a video to Tiffany of him talking about college life. The wrong tape gets sent, forcing Josh, along with a few pals, to go to Austin, where Tiffany is, and stop her from seeing the tape. Full of laughs, you'll be sure to enjoy Road Trip. Zac Abrams In the University of Ithaca, while showing the campus to the new students and their relatives, the veteran tour guide Barry Manilow tells the love story of his friend Josh Parker. Josh has a girlfriend, Tiffany Henderson, who went to the University of Austin, and they have promised to be faithful to each other. However, Josh has an affair with his sexy friend Beth Wagner, and they have accidentally videotaped it. One of his friends sends the videotape to Tiffany by mistake, and Josh decides to travel to Austin with his friends E.L., Rubin Carver and Kyle Edwards to retrieve the videotape before Tiffany sees it. Will he succeed? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A group of raucous, college buds living the Frat life decide to have a blowout with a Road Trip of insane proportions. Dad's car, hard partying, nubile and Nubian Princesses, a boa constrictor and Tom Green make for a great trip down comedy lane. JK2 <Flickwritr@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 