nm0001713:

 Reign of Fire (2002)651) A brood of fire-breathing dragons emerges from the earth and begins setting everything ablaze, establishing dominance over the planet. In present-day London, 12-year-old Quinn Abercromby witnesses the awakening of a hibernating dragon from a centuries-long slumber, the result of a construction dig supervised by his mother and an incident for which Quinn feels partially responsible. Twenty years later, the adult Quinn (Christian Bale) is the fire chief of a refortified castle community, responsible for dousing the blazes lit by the dragon's prodigious number of flame-spewing offspring, airborne juggernauts that have wreaked havoc across the globe, torching civilization and turning humans into an endangered species. Hope arrives in the form of Denton "Dragon Slayer" Van Zan (Matthew McConaughey), an American known to be the only man to ever kill one of the dragons, and Alex (Izabella Scorupco), a scientist/pilot who's a member of Van Zan's army, a zealous fighting force that includes a secret weapon: the Archangels, paratroopers using themselves as bait to attract and then dispatch the deadly beasts. It is twenty years in the future, and the planet has been devastated by vicious fire-breathing dragons. The last vestiges of humanity now struggle for survival at remote outposts. In a ruined castle in the English countryside, Quinn is desperately trying to hold together a band of frightened, restless survivors. As a boy, Quinn watched his mother die protecting him from one of the beasts, and is still haunted by the memory. One day, a group of American rogues shows up, led by a brash, tough-guy named Van Zan. He claims to have discovered a way to kill the dragons once and for all, and enlists Quinn's help. But doing so will force Quinn to confront his own frightening memories. This, and Quinn's responsibilities to those that are under his protection, results in a battle of wills between the two men. In the end, events cause them both to realize that they must work together to defeat the monsters--both without and within. LOTUSB1973 A 12 year old Quinn Abercromby accompanies his mother to work one day at a London tunneling project, his witnesses the accidental uncovering of a centuries old fire-breathing dragon beast and waking it from its sleep. After witnessing the beast kill his mother the film jumps twenty years later to a grown up Quinn who is the "fire chief" in a refugee camp. Unexpectedly an American militia leader shows up at the camp with a group of men that he calls "slayers." Van Zan and Quinn engage in a power struggle, before realizing it's the dragons they should be fighting instead. SindyMac In present-day London, twelve-year-old Quinn watches as his mother, a construction engineer, inadvertently wakes an enormous fire-breathing beast from its century-long slumber. Twenty years later, much of the world has been scarred by the beast and its offspring. As a fire chief, Quinn is responsible for warding off the beasts and keeping a community alive as they eke out a meager existence. Into their midst comes a hotshot American, Van Zan, who says he has a way to kill the beasts and save mankind - a way Quinn's never seen done. Fuses a medieval past with a post-apocalyptic future in this exciting tale of adventure and survival. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During Underground construction in London around the year 2008, a huge, hibernating dragon is discovered and springs to life, instantly incinerating all construction workers with its fiery breath. The only survivor is the 12-year-old Quinn Abercromby (Ben Thornton), whose mother (Alice Krige) was chief of the construction crew. Quinn and his mother are suddenly trapped in a shaft elevator and his mother is crushed when the dragon escapes. Soon thousands of them work their way through Europe and eventually the rest of the world, burning everything, feeding on the ash, and multiplying at an exponential rate. The world powers use their most powerful weapons, but this only hastens the destruction of the planet. In 2020, the adult Quinn (played by Christian Bale) leads a colony of survivors in a medieval stone castle in Northumberland, a lonely bastion of mankind, afraid of the sky and the dragons that could attack any time. Their hope is to outlast the dragons, wait until they die out again (as they presumably did several times before) and go into hibernation. Unfortunately, the people are beginning to starve while waiting for their crops to ripen. Quinn finds it difficult to keep members of his colony from harvesting from their crops before they've matured. One morning a small team sneaks out to harvest tomatoes. They draw the attention of an attacking dragon that burns a few of them and torches most of the remainder of the crop. Quinn and his friend Creedy rescue the survivors in armored vehicles, using firefighting water cannons and flame-proof suits. At night, Creedy and Quinn entertain the kids of the colony with a playacted rendition of Star Wars. They also have the kids recite a prayer warning them to watch the skies for dragons and dig tunnels to survive. One day, a team of American dragon-slayers arrive in an armored column, led by Denton Van Zan (Matthew McConaughey) and bringing a Chieftain tank and an Agusta A109 helicopter, piloted by Alex (Izabella Scorupco). The American team's request to enter the castle grounds is first refused by Quinn. Van Zan shows Quinn a dragon's tooth he wears around his neck, saying that it came from the 1st one he killed in the American Midwest. Van Zan had figured out a way to attack dragons when they are most vulnerable: dragons have excellent vision at both day and night but during "magic hour" their vision is impaired and what they see is unfocused. Mistrusting, but needing each other, the two leaders Quinn and Van Zan work together and eventually manage to kill the dragon that destroyed the crop. Van Zan's team use a sophisticated triangulation system using small remote tracking devices that allow parachuting commandos to draw dragons into the range of Van Zan's arsenal of weapons. Two of the three skydivers are killed by the dragon, one lands safely and the operation is successful -- Van Zan himself kills the dragon when Quinn, riding on horseback, is able to lure it close enough to a large harpoon cannon. The inhabitants of the castle, having not seen a dragon slayed, celebrate the victory that night, only to be chastised by Van Zan, who is disgusted by their behaviour, having lost three of his team in the battle. Afterward, Van Zan and Alex tell Quinn that all dragons his unit have encountered so far are female. Their theory is that they are like fish; the females lay their eggs around the world, then the male comes and fertilize them, leaving them with the theory that there is only a single male within the whole dragon population world-wide. The next morning, Van Zan requests that members of the colony join him in hunting the male in London. All are reluctant and Van Zan announces he will choose volunteers. Quinn objects and the two fight with each other, Van Zan gaining the upper hand. Furious, Van Zan leaves anyway. Van Zan and his unit discover a road block on the desolate highway to London. Van Zan then sends Alex to find a new way around. The male dragon soon arrives and annihilates nearly the entire army, breathing fire on Van Zan's armored column and incinerating all but him alone. The male dragon follows their route back to the castle and destroys it. The castle inhabitants are however saved by hiding in an underground shelter that is designed to survive the intense heat, but Quinn's dear friend, Creedy, is killed, as he tries to go save more people in the castle. Creedy bravely slams the door to the basement shelter shut just as the male's fire fills the castle. The children are terrified and Quinn leads them all in their prayer to watch the skies. Defeated, Van Zan returns to the castle, rescuing Quinn and the surviving children from the castle's cellar. Quinn tells Van Zan that he will join them to hunt the male dragon in London. They use the helicopter to follow the coastline to the city, unnoticed, where they learn that the dragons are beginning to starve and are resorting to cannibalism. As they look over the ruins of the London skyline, the male suddenly appears and eats one of the females from the hundreds that are roosting in the city's towers. Denton's plan is to fire an explosive charge, placed on a crossbow, into the dragon's mouth during the brief moment it inhales, drawing air to produce fire. Van Zan will be the bait, stationing himself atop a tall smokestack. His one shot with a crossbow misses entering the dragons mouth. The dragon rushes Van Zan's position; Van Zan fanatically leaps from his perch, attacking the dragon with no more than his axe and is swallowed in mid-air. Quinn and Alex are able to lure the dragon to street level. The dragon hunts them, however it is magic hour when the dragon's vision is impaired. After recovering the dropped crossbow bolts, Quinn is able to fire one into the dragon's mouth where it explodes, killing the beast. About three months after the male dragon is slain, Quinn and Alex are seen erecting a radio tower and receive a transmission from another group of survivors in France. The dragons have been dying off quickly. Saying that he cannot speak the language well, Quinn gives the duty of answering the French survivors to Jared. 
 Exorcist: The Beginning (2004)541) Years before Father Lankester Merrin helped save Regan MacNeil's soul, he first encounters the demon Pazuzu in East Africa. This is the tale of Father Merrin's initial battle with Pazuzu and the rediscovery of his faith. Archeologist Lankester Merrin is asked to go to East Africa to excavate a church that has been found completely buried in sand. Merrin is also an ordained Roman Catholic priest who, still haunted by what he was forced to do during World War II in his native Holland, eschews any religion or belief. He's fascinated by what he finds and that it dates hundred of years before Christianity was introduced to the area. Accompanied by a young priest, Father Francis, to keep an eye on the religious elements of what they find, Merrin makes his way to the camp. There he meets a young doctor, Sarah and soon realizes there is an air of gloom that envelops the entire site. Workmen go mad and a young boy is mauled by a pack of hyenas while completely ignoring his younger brother Joseph. Inside the church itself they find signs of desecration. Merrin is forced to re-examine his lack of faith and come face to face with the devil. garykmcd Having lost his faith in God after that horrifyingly pivotal incident in Nazi-occupied Holland, the former man of religion, Father Lankester Merrin, finds himself taking part in an archaeological excavation site in 1949 east Africa. As the once-pious Catholic priest is still struggling with his inner demons, the baffling unearthing of a nearly intact, 5th-century Byzantine church will lead to a series of terrifying and unexplainable events, while in the meantime, helpless innocents become the vessels of pure evil. Now, together with the young priest, Father Francis, and the brave missionary doctor, Sarah, sceptical Merrin must delve deep into the dark source of the ancient malevolent force, and stop the spreading of the supernatural disease. But, can Merrin remain unscathed in the battle with man's unseen arch-enemy? Will this encounter with the forces of darkness affect Merrin for the rest of his life? Nick Riganas Father Lankester Merrin became a non-believer after seeing the atrocities committed on the innocent during WW II. He has since moved to Africa to work as an archaeologist. There, an antiques dealer comes to him with a request. An old Christian Byzantine church has been unearthed in Kenya, surprisingly intact, as if it were buried right after its completion. Merrin is asked to find an ancient relic believed to be buried in the church. Once Merrin arrives at the excavation site, however, inexplicable tragedies strike the innocent people. Merrin soon discovers that an ancient evil force has been set free due to the excavation, and if he wants to stop it, he will have to start believing once again. Soumitra Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The plot revolves around the crisis of faith suffered by Father Lankester Merrin following the horrific events he witnessed during World War II. Many years before the events in The Exorcist, the young Father Merrin (played by Skarsgrd, who played the same part in Dominion: Prequel to the Exorcist) travels to East Africa. Merrin has taken a sabbatical from the Church and devoted himself to history and archaeology as he struggles with his shattered faith. He is haunted especially by an incident in a small village in occupied Holland during World War II, where he served as parish priest: near the end of the war, a sadistic Nazi SS commander, in retaliation for the murder of a German trooper, forces Merrin to participate in arbitrary executions in order to save a full village from slaughter. After World War II, Merrin is an archaeologist in Cairo, when he is approached by a collector of antiquities who asks him to come to a British excavation in the Turkana region of Kenya. This dig is excavating a Christian Byzantine church built circa 500 A.D. long before Christianity had reached that region of Africa. The collector asks Merrin to recover an ancient relic of a demon before the British can find it. Merrin agrees and travels to the dig site. He is joined by Father Francis, a Vatican scholar who was on his way to do missionary work in East Africa but was diverted by the Vatican to ensure the church is not desecrated. Upon arriving at the site, Merrin meets Major Granville, the British military officer in charge of the dig. Merrin also meets the chief excavator, a brutish man with visible boils on his face. And he meets Sarah, a doctor who spent time in a concentration camp during World War II and is haunted by what happened to her there. Merrin's translator and guide is Chuma. In addition, Merrin learns that the diggers are disappearing or leaving in droves because the local tribemen fear the church is cursed. Merrin witnesses a digger inexplicably experience a seizure. Merrin visits the dig site. Only the dome is uncovered; the rest of the church is buried beneath the earth. Merrin discovers that the church is in perfect condition, as though it had been buried immediately after its construction were completed. Merrin, Francis, and Chuma enter the church through the dome. They find it is near-pristine condition, but there are two oddities. First, all of the statues of the angels holding weapons are pointing the spears downward, whereas it is conventional for statues of angels to either have no weapons or to point them triumphantly toward heaven. Merrin and Francis deduce the sculptors were trying to depict the angels restraining something that was beneath the church. The second disturbing discovery is that someone has vandalized the church by ripping the enormous crucifix from its place on the altar and suspending it with Christ on the cross in an upside-down position, which is considered a desecration. Merrin is determined to learn more about the archeological dig and asks to consult with the lead archeologist, Monsieur Bession. Sarah tells Merrin that Bession went insane three weeks earlier and was transferred to a mental hospital in Nairobi. Merrin visits Bession's tent at the dig site and sees dozens of drawings of the same thing, the demon artifact the collector had asked Merrin to find. Merrin then travels to Nairobi to visit Bession. But when he enters Bession's room, he discovers Bession has carved a swastika on his chest and is speaking through demonic possession in the voice of the sadistic SS commander who tormented Merrin during the war. As Merrin registers these events, Bession slashes his own throat after saying he was "free." Father Gionetti, warden of the asylum, speculates that Bession was not possessed but rather "touched" by a demon, which drove him mad and eventually to suicide. Merrin is very skeptical, but before he returns to the dig site, Father Gionetti gives him the volume of Roman rituals to use in exorcism, although Merrin claims he will never use them. Upon returning to the village, strange events continue. A local boy is attacked and killed by hyenas that seem to continuously stalk the dig, night and day. His younger brother, Joseph, enters a fugue state after watching his brother ripped to pieces. Merrin begins to suspect that something evil lies in the church and is infecting the region. There are stories of an epidemic that wiped out an entire village. However, when Merrin, growing suspicious of these rumors, digs up one of the graves of the supposed victims of this plague, he discovers it is empty. Meanwhile, the evil grows, turning people against each other and resulting in violence, atrocities, and more bloodshed. Father Francis reveals to Merrin that the builders of the church never meant it to be recorded in Vatican documents, however, a vague reference to it was recorded, leading to its subsequent discoveries in the 19th and 20th centuries. Francis also reveals that the church stands on the supposed site where Satan fell to earth after the war in heaven, and it was constructed by early Christians in an attempt to purify the evil that resides there. Beneath the church lies the ruins of an even older temple but not a Christian one. Rather, in the ruins under the church, Merrin and his allies find demonic icons, and other signs of evil and Satanism. This land is where he first encounters the demon that calls itself Pazuzu, which he will encounter again in The Exorcist. This is the demon that "brushed" Bession (driving him insane) and Joseph (making him ill). At the end of the movie, the dig's doctor, Sarah, turns out to be the possessed individual and has the demon exorcised from her in the tunnels below the church but dies. Dr. Merrin and Joseph emerge from the church, (once again buried in sand) and history has repeated itself. 50 (and 1500) years ago, everyone at the site was killed by an evil presence from the church, except for one priest. Now, only Father Merrin and the little boy are left as the British soldiers and the local tribes have annihilated each other. Merrin returns to Rome and meets with the collector at a cafe, explaining he was unable to find the relic, the collector replies, "But you found something....Didn't you?"... As he leaves, Merrin is revealed to be wearing a collar and is now a priest again, having regained his faith in God, after defeating the demon with holy exorcism rituals. 
 Vertical Limit (2000)321) A climber must rescue his sister on top of K2, one of the world's biggest mountains. A high-adrenaline tale of young climber Peter Garrett, who must launch a treacherous and extraordinary rescue effort up K2, the world's second-highest peak. Confronting both his own limitations and the awesome power of nature's uncontrollable elements, Peter risks his life to save his sister, Annie, and her summit team in a race against time. The team is trapped in an icy grave at 26,000 feet - a death zone above the vertical limit of endurance where the human body cannot survive for long. Every second counts as Peter enlists the help of a crew of fellow climbers, including eccentric, reclusive mountain man Montgomery Wick, to ascend the chilling might of the world's most feared peak to save her. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a mountain range in the Southwestern United States, veteran mountain climber Royce Garrett ( Stuart Wilson ) is traversing a cliff base with his son, Peter ( Chris O'Donnell ), and daughter, Annie ( Robin Tunney ). Amateurs above them lose their footing and endanger them all, eventually causing all three Garretts to hang precariously from a cable that cannot support their weight. Royce orders to Peter to cut the rope, sacrificing himself to save his children. Years later, Peter has retired from climbing and is a wildlife photographer. Annie has become a renowned mountain climber, but resents Peter for cutting the rope. When his assistant is injured, Peter shows up at base camp as Annie attempts to climb K2 in the Pakistan province of Gilgit-Baltistan, the world's second-highest mountain, which is very dangerous to climb because of the tough conditions which await at the summit. Complicating matters further is the war between Pakistan and India, which has limited the expeditions support and resources. The expedition is funded by wealthy industrialist Elliot Vaughn ( Bill Paxton ) who is also going to climb, with the help of his friend Tom McLaren ( Nicholas Lea ). There is a huge party the night before the climbers begin the trek, which is briefly interrupted by an eccentric, Montgomery Wick ( Scott Glenn ), who warns that none have ever conquered K2, and none will. Vaughn is introduced to Peter, whom he asks to accompany them on the trip, but Peter instantly refuses. As the expedition progresses, the base discovers a potentially devastating ice storm, which could endanger the expedition, but they cannot say with 100% certainty. Tom suggests that they return to base. Vaughn refuses, deciding to play the odds. The winds begin to wreak havoc. Annie, Vaughn, and Tom fall through a patch of ice and become trapped in a crevasse. Annie radios back to base using Morse code and Peter learns of Annie's plight. Due to the seriousness of the cave-in, the rescue party realizes that they may need explosives to blast a hole for a rescue. But the only explosive that they can get their hands on is old nitroglycerin in leaky canisters. Few climbers are willing to consider the trip. Peter manages to assemble a rescue mission with the base's best climbers including brothers Cyril and Malcolm ( Steve Le Marquand and Ben Mendelsohn ), Monique Aubertine ( Izabella Scorupco ), Kareem Nazir ( Alexander Siddig ) and Skip Taylor ( Robert Taylor ). However, the day before the rescue mission goes underway. Skip and Peter also go visit Montgomery, reported to be the world's best climber and foremost expert on K2. Wick reluctantly accepts after some serious convincing, and it is implied that there is bad blood between him and Vaughn. Skip is unable to go as Wick says he needs him on the ground directing the mission. To maximize their survival odds, Wick decides to pair the strong climbers with the less experienced: Malcolm and Kareem (much to Malcolm's dismay), Monique and Cyril, and Peter and Wick. They each split up and take different entry points up the mountain with the hope that diversifying their explosives will increase the chances of at least one pair getting through if another has an accident with the unstable Nitro. Cyril constantly "flirts" with Monique (much to her dismay). Malcolm and Kareem have awkward conversations which Malcolm points to wanting to complete the mission faster. Monique and Cyril enter trouble when Cyril loses his balance and clings to the side of a cliff. After Monique secures her harness to him, the peak cracks and Monique also falls over the edge and the nitro falls from Cyril's backpack and creates a huge explosion that the other teams notice. Cyril is able to climb back up, however, while he cheers arrogantly lowering a harness for Monique, they both hear a rumbling noise. The explosion and crackling has in fact started an avalanche and is heading straight for Cyril. Cyril, unable to do anything watches and screams helplessly as the avalanches swamps him and subsequently throws him over the edge off the peak. Monique, still hanging onto the edge, manages to survive and get back onto the peak. She then radios in and informs base that Cyril has been killed, but orders them not to tell Malcolm yet. Back at the station, nitroglycerin, used to clear rock formations etc., comes into contact with the sun and reacts and subsequently explodes, completely dumbfounding the crew. Base tell the groups to get their cases of nitroglycerin into the shade to avoid an explosion. Monique teams up with Peter and Wick and they successfully manage to avoid a calamity. Malcolm and Kareem just manage to get the nitroglycerin, but the can containing it leaks and it is exposed to the sun, killing both of them in the explosion. Monique, Wick, and Peter witness the explosion. Meanwhile, underground, Annie begins to suffer from pulmonary edema, when water begins to form inside of the lungs, and she will die unless given medical attention. Tom is in a more severe state, with his leg and ribs broken. Vaughn is the only one unharmed and possesses the medical kit. Annie pleads with him to use dexamethasone (colloquially referred to in the movie as "dex") to save Tom and herself, but Vaughn declines, unwilling to waste it on a "lost cause". More to the fact, Vaughn doesn't want to die and believes he and Annie have the best chance of survival. During the trek the next day, Monique comes across a woman's body frozen in the ice that has been uncovered due to the second explosion. As she gets closer, Wick instantly recognizes the body and tells Monique not to touch her; it is his own wife, Mayama. After Wick collects a ring and an empty box that contained "dex" from his wife's body, he tells Peter that Elliot Vaughn is responsible for his wife's death. Vaughn's story from his first disastrous climb on K2 detailed that the "dex" was swept away, but Mayama always kept it on her person, meaning the empty box proves Vaughn used it for himself. Knowing that Vaughn's story is a fraud and that he contributed to the deaths of other climbers, Wick plans to kill him on the mountain and warns Peter that his sister ought to watch her supply very carefully. Peter and Monique begin to grow close and there is some mild flirtation as Peter helps her set bones on her broken finger; moreover, they talk about her relationship with Skip, for Peter to find out that it's mostly professional, and not romantic, as he had once thought. Meanwhile, in Annie's camp, as night comes Vaughn gives himself some dex, then kills Tom by sticking Tom with the syringe, full of air to save remaining dex for himself. Annie radios Peter and tells him that she won't survive much longer and that he should save himself and turn back; he and Monique instead continue on their own early while Wick is sleeping. Wick wakes up to see them gone and Peter and Monique, having continued trekking up the mountain, soon find the place where Annie and Vaughn are imprisoned. They use the nitroglycerin to create a hole, enabling access to the survivors. As Peter attempts to rescue Annie and Vaughn, the harness begins to loosen but Wick arrives and secures it. Wick descends into the cave and harnesses Annie again, and though a weakened Vaughn thinks he is about to attack him, Wick attaches a harness to him as well, and along with Peter (with Monique towing the rope), they manage to pull Annie up with Wick and Vaughn still harnessed underneath. As they pull Annie up a clump of snow is dislodged and Annie, Peter, Wick and Vaughn are all left hanging with just Monique supporting all their weight. With Vaughn below him, Wick understands they cannot be pulled up and calmly cuts the rope. Recovering at base camp, Annie reconciles with Peter, who finally pays his respects at a memorial for those killed on K2, including the Wicks, Kareem, his cousin Ali, brothers Cyril and Malcom, guide Tom McLaren. 
 GoldenEye (1995)651) Years after a friend and fellow 00 agent is killed on a joint mission, a secret space based weapons program known as "GoldenEye" is stolen. James Bond sets out to stop a Russian crime syndicate from using the weapon. When a deadly satellite weapon system falls into the wrong hands, only Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) can save the world from certain disaster. Armed with his licence to kill, Bond races to Russia in search of the stolen access codes for "GoldenEye", an awesome space weapon that can fire a devastating electromagnetic pulse toward Earth. But 007 is up against an enemy who anticipates his every move: a mastermind motivated by years of simmering hatred. Bond also squares off against Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), an assassin who uses pleasure as her ultimate weapon. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> When a powerful satellite system goes missing, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is the only one who can stop those behind it. Sent to recover the weapon dubbed "GoldenEye", Bond must investigate the identity of the Janus Syndicate, who have stolen the weapon from a Russian research facility after an accident. Along the way, Bond must go up against a sexy yet deadly assassin and renegade Russian General Ourumov (Gottfried John), who happens to work directly for Janus. But what James finds is that he is up against an enemy who happens to be an old friend, and knows his every move. Blazer346 1986 - Soviet Russia has been arming international terrorists with chemical weapon technology, and a chemical weapons plant in the mountains is the target of James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) and his closest compatriot, Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean). Infiltrating the compound, they are spotted and Alec is captured. When ruthless Soviet General Ourumov (Gottfried John) executes Trevelyan, James pulls off a spectacular escape and succeeds in blowing up the compound. Now in 1995, he is assigned to tail former Red Air Force jet jockey Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), who is working for a Russian crime syndicate known as "Janus", but he is unable to stop her from stealing a powerful helicopter, a theft initially dismissed as a possibility by MI6's new leader, "M" (Dame Judi Dench), a woman who is a bureaucratic bean counter who, despite her acidic responses to grumbling from her ticked-off men, is having to learn her job as she goes, and who has to trust James Bond's instincts after a nuclear accident occurs over a Russian region housing the tracking station for a weapons satellite known as "GoldenEye". James must track down the stolen gunship and all leads to a second GoldenEye system, and along the way, he is horrified to find the true identity of the Janus syndicate, which leads to a spectacular running pursuit from the stolen gunship, through a Soviet Army prison, to a wild street chase involving a tank and confrontation with a Soviet missile train, and eventually a showdown in the jungles of Cuba. Michael Daly Nine years after infiltrating a chemical weapons facility in Russia, where friend and fellow MI6 Agent Alec Trevelyan 006 (Sean Bean) was killed by corrupt Russian military officer General Ourumov (Gottfried John). Seductive British Secret Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is assigned by his new boss, a female "M" (Dame Judi Dench) to recover "GoldenEye", the access key to a top secret space weapon orbiting the Earth which fires a electromagnetic pulse which shuts down all electronic equipment. The "GoldenEye" has been stolen from the Severnya space research station by General Ourumov and the lethal and deadly Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen) and slaughtered everyone at Servernya. Helped by Russian computer programmer Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco), who was the sole survivor of the Servernya massacre, and witnessed Ourumov and Xenia steal the "GoldenEye". Bond learns Ourumov and Xenia are working for Alec Trevelyan, now a renegade MI6 agent, and 006 plans on using GoldenEye to wipe out London. 007 and Natalya set out to Cuba where Bond faces Trevelyan in a thrilling showdown as 007 sets out to save London from destruction. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1986, in the Cold War Soviet Union. British secret agent James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) and his fellow 00 agent, Alec Trevelyan (Sean Bean), have infiltrated a secret Soviet chemical weapons production facility with the intention of destroying it. After finding their target, a large room filled with chemical canisters, James begins to plant explosive charges while Alec holds off the facility's guards. Alec is captured by the ruthless General Arkady Grigorovich Ourumov (Gottfried John), who orders Bond to surrender. Bond resets the charge timers from six minutes to three and walks out to surrender just as Ourumov seemingly executes Trevelyan with a bullet to the head. Bond takes cover behind a cart of chemical canisters and moves toward a conveyor belt that leads outside. A soldier with an itchy trigger finger is shot dead by Ourumov when he shoots at Bond. Bond is able to escape on the conveyor belt and shoots out the locks holding hundreds of other canisters which temporarily bury Ourumov's men. Outside the facility, Bond, using a motorcycle, leaps after a plane that falls off a nearby cliff. He successfully regains control of the plane and flies off as the weapons plant explodes. Nine years later Bond is driving in the mountains near Monaco with a female psychiatrist from MI6 who is assigned to evaluate his mental state. He races down a mountain road, just as another woman, Xenia Onatopp (Famke Janssen), pulls up alongside him in a red Ferrari. A somewhat dangerous driving game ensues between Bond and Xenia, which ends when Bond's psychiatrist demands that he halt the game. Bond does and seduces her. Bonds current assignment is to observe possible subversive Russian involvement from the Janus crime syndicate in the demonstration of a French hi-tech helicopter called the Eurocopter Tiger, which is unaffected by electromagnetic pulses from nuclear weapons. He is ordered to follow the same woman he raced with earlier, Xenia Onatopp, a Russian helicopter pilot. Xenia has been the mistress of a Canadian Air Force admiral. That night, while on the guy's private yacht, she kills the admiral in the middle of having sex with him, by crushing his chest between her thighs while an accomplice steals the admiral's ID. The next morning, Bond searches the yacht and finds the body. He rushes to the site of the Tiger demonstration. As he arrives, Xenia and her accomplice kill the test pilots and steal their uniforms and helmets, then climb into the Tiger. Bond is arrested and watches helplessly as Xenia flies away. In the wastes of Siberia, at Severnaya, a Russian satellite communications outpost, General Ourumov and Onatopp arrive in the Tiger helicopter, ostensibly for a surprise inspection of the a new satellite weapons system called "Goldeneye." Ourumov orders the commanding officer to hand over the activation keys and control disk for Goldeneye and promptly has Onatopp kill everyone working at the facility to leave no witnesses (while she's using her AKS-74U, she shows signs of sexual excitement). Onatopp and Ourumov then activate one of the two Goldeneye satellites, one which contains a powerful nuclear warhead capable of delivering an electromagnetic pulse (EMP) over Severnaya. Unknown, however, to Onatopp and Ourumov, one of the technicians, Natalya Simonova (Izabella Scorupco), was out of the room getting coffee when the others were murdered and is hiding in the kitchen cupboard. Natalya manages to avoid being detected when Xenia enters the kitchen searching for her. Ourumov and Onatopp escape in the Eurocopter, it being unaffected by the EMP. Three Russian MiGs dispatched to the scene are destroyed; two crash into each other when the electronic components within them are disrupted by the EMP. The last loses power and crashes directly into the base of the satellite dish of the facility, causing the antenna stalk to plunge into the ground. Natalya survives the destruction of the command center and is able to climb out of the underground portion on the antenna stalk, where she finds a dog sled to take her back to civilization. At MI:6 headquarters, in a high-tech observation room, Bond talks with Tanner, a specialist, who tells him they found the missing Eurocopter at Severnaya by satellite imagery. They also witness the total disruption of images in the region resulting from the EMP. Bond spots a survivor crawling away, Natalya, and reports to his superior, M. Following a brief and tense conversation where she senses Bond doesn't trust her judgment and she tells him he is a "sexist, misogynist dinosaur" and a "relic of the Cold War", she orders him to fly to St. Petersburg to investigate the connections between the Goldeneye weapons system, Ourumov and a mysterious Russian crime syndicate known only as Janus. She also warns him to complete his mission and not be guided by his desire for revenge on Ourumov for Trevelyan's death. Bond drops by Q's lab and is given a wristwatch with a laser, a belt loaded with a cable that can support his weight and an exploding ballpoint pen. Ourumov meets with Russia's Defense Minister, Dmitri Mishkin, and declares that he is resigning his post in light of the disaster at Severnaya, which he "blames" on separatist nationals. Mishkin is displeased and questions why Ourumov has jumped to such a conclusion given that there was not only one survivor in the disaster, but two. Besides Natalya, another survivor, Boris Grishenko (Alan Cumming), a brilliant computer programmer and hacker, had actually escaped with Ourumov and Xenia and was listed as missing, however, they had not counted on Natalya's surviving the blast. Boris summons her to a chapel via email and she goes there, promptly being captured by Boris and Onatopp. Bond arrives in St. Petersburg and meets his CIA contact, Jack Wade (Joe Don Baker). Wade agrees to take Bond to the hideout of a Russian gangster, Valentin Zukovsky (Robbie Coltrane), whom Bond had shot in the leg and given a permanent limp years before (Bond had also stolen Zukovsky's woman.) Zukovsky is the only connection Bond has to meeting the leader of Janus. Zukovsky is still quite bitter about his wounded leg, nearly shooting Bond but agrees to aid Bond when the agent offers him a bribe of money and explosives. Zukovsky also gives Bond a bit of history about Janus' leader; the man is allegedly the child of Lienz Cossack parents whose tribe had collaborated with the Nazis during World War II and were given refuge by the English government. However, they were betrayed by England and remanded back to USSR where they were all executed under orders from Stalin. At his hotel's pool and steam room, Bond meets Xenia herself, his lead to Janus. The two fight, with the combat being sexually exciting to Xenia. Bond refuses to be seduced or injured and, pointing his gun at her, orders her to take him to Janus. They arrive at a graveyard of sorts, full of statues of Soviet-era Russian leaders. Bond knocks Xenia unconscious and walks out into the graveyard to meet Janus. He hears several odd noises, putting him on edge, prompting him to draw his pistol. Much to his shock, "Janus" is Alec Trevelyan, alive and well, although the right side of his face is scarred from the explosives at the weapons facility nine years prior. Alec explains his origin to Bond; his parents escaped Stalin's execution of their people and fled to England, where Alec was born. After chiding Bond about his loyalty to the mission, England and not to his friend during the Soviet mission years before, Alec has Bond knocked out with a tranquilizer dart to the neck. Bond wakes up in the pilot's seat of the Eurocopter, which has been programmed to fire its rockets at itself. In the backseat is Natalya. Bond is able to hit the emergency eject button with his head and the two are propelled away from the blast. Bond frees them both and they are almost immediately arrested by Russian police and both are taken to a holding center. While waiting to be questioned, Bond tells Natalya that he knows who she is, recognizing that her watch is permanently stopped, a sign of the EMP that destroyed Severnaya. She tells him she knows little else besides Ourumov's theft of the Goldeneye control disk and that Boris is working with the general. Minister Mishkin walks in the room and threatens Bond with execution for espionage; Bond counters with accusations of treason by Ourumov. Natalya admonishes them both and answers Mishkin's question as to why Ourumov would steal Goldeneye. Natalya tells him that there is a second satellite with a nuclear weapon. Ourumov suddenly bursts into the room and protests that Mishkin is interfering with his own investigation. Ourumov seizes Bonds Walther PPK and kills a guard and Mishkin, intending to frame Bond. Bond is able to subdue Ourumov and a few guards and he and Simonova escape into the archives. Bond escapes after Natalya is captured by Ourumov. Bond steals a Russian tank and chases after them, running the tank through a few streets of St Petersburg, destroying nearly everything in his path. Bond finally tracks them to a train yard where Ourumov and Natalya board a large, black train that serves as Trevelyan's mobile HQ. Further down the tracks, Bond is able to derail the train with the tank and confronts Trevelyan, holding he and Onatopp at gunpoint. Trevelyan summons Ourumov into the room with Natalya whom he holds hostage. Causing a minor distraction by telling Ourumov of Trevelyan's Cossack heritage, he is able to shoot Ourumov but Trevelyan and Xenia escape. Trevelyan locks the train remotely, trapping Bond and Natalya inside, and tells Bond that he's planted explosives on the train with timers set for the same six minutes Bond gave him years before (in actuality, three minutes). Using the laser in his wristwatch, Bond cuts through the floor while Natalya, on a computer console, finds Boris Grishenko's location in Cuba. The two escape the train before it explodes. The two travel to Cuba and meet Jack Wade, who gives Bond a plane. Bond and Natalya spend a romantic night together, Natalya remarking on how cold Bond's nature is. Bond counters saying that he must kill his old friend to stop him. The two fly over the approximate location where Natalya had traced Boris, a seemingly idyllic lake. A missile fired from under the water cripples their plane and they crash in the jungle. At the crash site, Onatopp rappels down from a chopper and attacks Bond. Bond is able to shoot the chopper down, her rappelling cord pulling her into a tree and crushing her ribcage. Bond and Natalya discover that the lake really hides a giant satellite dish embedded in the earth. Alec and Boris have activated the second satellite's nuclear bomb and have programmed it to explode over London; Alec's plan is one of revenge against England's betrayal of his Cossack heritage; the EMP will destroy every computer system causing nationwide chaos. The blast will also erase all financial records, but not before Alec has had Boris break into the Bank of London and loot billions of pounds. Bond and Natalya make their way inside; Bond places explosive charges near fuel pipes and Natalya finds a computer terminal to block Boris' programming of the Goldeneye satellite.A brief gunfight ensues and the fuel pipes are punctured, causing the flammable fluid to begin pooling nearby Alec's and Boris' command terminal. Bond is captured, as is Natalya, and both are brought to Trevelyan, who quickly and easily disarms the bombs Bond planted. Boris discovers that Natalya has changed his access codes for the satellite and Trevelyan threatens to kill Bond if Natalya doesn't undo her work. Having picked up Bond's grenade pen, Boris begins playing with it, pressing the button and activating the charge. Bond knocks the grenade into the pool of leaking fuel where it explodes, causing a fire which threatens the entire facility. Alec orders Boris to regain control of the satellite. Trevelyan races off to find Bond and chases him to the satellite dish's large antenna while Natalya takes control of a helicopter and its pilot. On the antenna, Bond and Alec battle hand-to-hand. During the fight, Bond is able to block the gearing mechanism controlling positioning of the antenna, which prevents Boris from regaining control of the nuke in orbit. It subsequently burns up and the facility explodes. Boris appears to survive and declares himself invincible when a shower of liquid nitrogen freezes him instantly, killing him. Still fighting hand-to-hand, Bond and Alec find themselves at the bottom stalk of the antenna, hundreds of feet above the dish. The fight ends with Bond throwing Alec over the side, holding onto his former friend's boot. Alec asks if Bond intends to drop him "For England, James?" Bond replies "No. For me." and lets go. Alec plummets to the bottom of the dish and is still alive. Bond leaps to safety from the disintegrating antenna onto the helicopter Natalya has commandeered and flies off just as the antenna collapses, landing directly on Alec. The pilot leaves them in a nearby field where they are met by Jack Wade and a small unit of U.S. Marines. 