nm0011187:

 Cobra (2020 )Summaries As widespread power outages cause chaos and threaten lives across the country, the COBRA committee comprised of the UK's leading experts and politicians, gathers to find a way to turn the lights back on. A look at the British government in the midst of a terrible crisis. As widespread power outages cause chaos and threaten lives across the country, the COBRA committee comprised of the UK's leading experts and politicians, gathers to find a way to turn the lights back on. On the backdrop of violent unrest in the streets, difficult decisions will need to be made against the clock if the country is to survive. expiredexpiredminds It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Things I Haven't Told You (2008 TV Movie)Summaries Aisling Hunter is out walking on the road at night when a car accident leaves her bloodied and badly hurt by the side of the road. This is the end of her story and from here we jump back 15 hours to find Aisling blackmailing popular girl Geri, shunning former best friend Laura and chatting with a mysterious user eyed-boy] about the whereabouts of her long vanished mother. All of this occurring against the background of a school community still struggling to recover in the wake of a fire where the mother of a pupil (Danny) was killed with no reason found for the fire or for his mother being there in the first place. bob the moo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Eurovision Song Contest: The Story of Fire Saga (2020)Summaries When aspiring musicians Lars and Sigrit are given the opportunity to represent their country at the world's biggest song competition, they finally have a chance to prove that any dream worth having is a dream worth fighting for. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 EastEnders (1985 )Summaries The everyday lives of working-class inhabitants of Albert Square, a traditional Victorian square of terrace houses surrounding a park in the East End of London's Walford borough. The square includes the Queen Vic pub and a street market. Set in the East End of London, the show focuses on the tensions between love and family with stories ranging from hard-hitting social issues, to personal, human tragedies. And there's plenty of funny moments too. Classic characters old and new across thousands of episodes have shared a drink in The Queen Vic, shed tears of despair or joy, sat on Arthur's bench in the Square - and at some point or other they probably crossed paths with Ian Beale. ahmetkozan A British soap that has been running since 1985, about the lives of people living on Albert Square in the fictitious Walford borough of East London. James2001 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 