nm0005555:

 Pop Culture Punk Art: The Art of Russell Young (2010)Summaries A stylised artistic look at the NY Art Bubble, and specifically Russell Young. The film deftly creates the world and style of the artist and questions the notion of fame and humanity. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shortland Street (1992 )Summaries Shortland Street, a five-night-a-week soap set in an Auckland City hospital, follows the complicated personal and professional lives of its staff, family and friends. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Buddha Wild: Monk in a Hut (2006)Summaries Buddha Wild Monk in the Hut is the story of a group of Thai and Sri Lankan monks, living around their temple in a country far far from home.Anna Wilding gives the commentary in this unpretentious but original and illuminating film with a well-judged mixture of seriousness and humor which is in important contrast to the monks words. An enjoyable cinematic experience.A fascinating film" Janet Taylor It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Faultline (2012)321) Made in the wake devastating Christchurch New Zealand earthquakes by award winning film maker Anna Wilding.Has interviews with the STS 133 Shuttle Crew, American crisis experts, the Wiggles and the face of heroic Cantabrians. Anna Wilding returned to her home town of Christchurch New Zealand, from the USA, following the fatal earthquakes of 22nd Feb. This film examines the movements in the city's recovery and the bureaucracy that accompanies it. The city has now been through some 7500 quakes which show to signs of abating. This film shot over an extended period examines the state of shock and the aftermath and indeed if the town will be rebuilt. Interviews with NASA, the Mayor, American crisis experts, the Wiggles, are dotted throughout the film as well as the face of heroic Canterbrians. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. " As events rolled out on the big screen ,even the sound of popcorn sounded like an aftershock.The quakes raised dust, hopefully this will raise questions and mega bucks for the relief". 