nm0008063:

 Instant Justice (1986)Summaries Scott is a US Marine who travels Spain to see his sister Kim, after many years of separation. But she is dead, and there is nothing else to arrive him. Alone in the Madrid's streets, Scott will search for the killers, will try to reveal the reason of the murder of his dear sister, and for revenge for himself. Chockys It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rustlers' Rhapsody (1985)Summaries A singing cowboy roams the Wild West with his sidekick, dancing horse and fancy wardrobe. While the audience watches a black and white horse opera, a narrator's voice wonders what such a movie would be like today. Rex O'Herlihan, The Singing Cowboy, finds himself in color and enters a clich-ridden town, in which the evil cattle baron ( Andy Griffith ) and the new Italian cowboys (who always wear raincoats no matter how hot it gets) join forces to get him and the sheep ranchers to leave the valley. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Void (1997)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The New Detectives: Case Studies in Forensic Science (19962005)Summaries True stories of crime investigations using forensic science. Forensic scientists work with a variety of methods (i.e. computer technology, anthropology, entomology) to solve crimes which would otherwise remain unsolved, through finding seemingly obscure clues such as tire tracks, bullet fragments and hair samples and then putting the pieces together. Interviews with forensic pathologists, cold case detectives and victims families show the process entailed in each case. Three separate cases are spotlighted in each episode of this series. W.B. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 