nm0001298:

 22 Jump Street (2014)431) After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt and Jenko when they go deep undercover at a local college. After making their way through high school (twice), big changes are in store for officers Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) when they go deep undercover at a local college. But when Jenko meets a kindred spirit on the football team, and Schmidt infiltrates the bohemian art major scene, they begin to question their partnership. Now they don't have to just crack the case - they have to figure out if they can have a mature relationship. If these two overgrown adolescents can grow from freshmen into real men, college might be the best thing that ever happened to them. Sony Pictures Entertainment After one of Schmidt and Jenko's missions goes wrong, they are sent back to Jump Street to do the exact same thing, go undercover and find out who is selling drugs. But this time they are sent to college to investigate the drug known as 'WhyPhy' and have only one lead on who it is, someone with a tattoo. Schmidt and Jenko's relationship is tested when Jenko is brought back on the cool side while Schmidt hangs out with a girl named Maya. At the same time they must decide if they can keep their relationship together as friends, or as cops. James Hake Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Following their success in the 21 Jump Street program, Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Jenko (Channing Tatum) are back on the streets chasing narcotics. However, after failing in the pursuit of a group of drug dealers led by Ghost (Peter Stormare), Deputy Chief Hardy (Nick Offerman) puts the duo back on the program to work for Captain Dickson (Ice Cube) - now located across the street at 22 Jump Street. Their assignment is to go undercover as college students and locate the supplier of a drug known as "WHYPHY" (WiFi) that killed a student photographed buying it on campus. At college, Jenko quickly makes friends with a pair of jocks named Zook (Wyatt Russell) and Rooster (Jimmy Tatro), the latter being a prime suspect of the investigation. Jenko starts attending parties with the jocks who do not take as kindly to Schmidt. Meanwhile, Schmidt gets the attention of an art student, Maya (Amber Stevens), by feigning an interest in slam poetry. The two sleep together, to the disapproval of Maya's roommate Mercedes (Jillian Bell), and it is revealed that Maya is the daughter of the vehemently disapproving Captain Dickson. Despite sleeping together, Maya tells Schmidt not to take it seriously, and he starts to feel left out as Jenko bonds more and more with Zook who encourages him to join the football team. Schmidt and Jenko visit Mr. Walters (Rob Riggle) and Eric (Dave Franco) in jail for advice on how to look for the WHYPHY supplier. Walters notices a unique tattoo on the arm of the dealer in the photograph and insists that if they find the tattoo, they will have found their man. Whilst hanging out with Zook and Rooster, Jenko notices that Rooster does not have the tattoo but sees it on Zook's arm. Schmidt and Jenko are invited to join the fraternity led by the jocks but Schmidt refuses, furthering the tension between the two. At a counselling session, they realise that perhaps Zook was buying the drugs rather than selling them, and soon after find Ghost and his men on campus. A chase ensues and Ghost again evades the pair. Jenko reveals to Schmidt that he's been offered a football scholarship with Zook and is unsure whether or not he wants to continue to be a police officer. Schmidt decides for him by telling officers on the scene that Jenko had nothing to do with the melee caused by the chase. Immediately afterwards, Schmidt moves out of the dorm and Maya finds out who he really is. Spring Break arrives and Schmidt prepares to go after Ghost alone. Jenko asks to help so that the two can have one final mission together, and the pair head to the beach where Ghost is likely to be dealing WHYPHY. Inside a bar, they find Mercedes, revealed to be Ghost's daughter, giving instructions to other dealers. The pair, backed up by Dickson, ambush the meeting and give chase as they flee. Mercedes is able to handcuff Dickson and take him hostage, pursued by Schmidt. Meanwhile, Jenko goes after Ghost. After a fist fight with Mercedes, Schmidt is held at gunpoint by her but Maya sneaks up and knocks her out. Schmidt goes to help Jenko who is now on the roof of the college in pursuit of Ghost, who shoots Jenko in the shoulder. Ghost attempts to escape in a helicopter and Jenko jumps across to it but struggles to hold on with his injured arm. Schmidt makes the same jump and the two fall into the sea, but not before Jenko is able to throw a grenade into the helicopter, killing Ghost. Back on land, Jenko tells Schmidt that he still wants to be a police officer as he believes their differences help their partnership, and the two reconcile in front of a cheering crowd. Dickson approaches them claiming to have a new mission undercover at a med school. During the credits, a series of mock sequels and vignettes are shown depicting the two going undercover in various places. 
 A Night at the Roxbury (1998)44) Two dim-witted brothers dream of owning their own dance club or at least getting into the coolest and most exclusive club in town, The Roxbury. The Roxbury Guys, Steve and Doug Butabi, want to get into the best club in town, and also hope to open their own club. Vivica, a gold-digging supermodel, and her friend Cambi try to work the Roxbury Guys for their money, only to find out the pair is broke. Sean Bradley <bradleys@itw.com> Steve and Doug Butabi dream of opening their own club as cool as the Roxbury. The problem is, they are so uncool, they've never even been inside the Roxbury. They still live at home and work at a plant store owned by their dad who is pressuring Steve to marry Emily, the daughter of the owner of the neighboring lamp store. Anonymous Steve and Doug Butabi are club-hopping brothers whose father only wants them to work in his fake plant store. Steve and Doug share one dream - to open their own nightclub. This is complicated, however, by the fact that they can't even get into the one club that they'd give anything to be in. Things start to look up for them when one night they get into a car accident with Richard Grieco who gets them into the club where they meet two "hotties", Cambi and Vivica. There's also Emily, the goody-two shoes college girl who Steve's father wants him to marry. Caroline It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 If Looks Could Kill (1991)321) Michael has to take summer class in French, a class trip to France, to graduate high school. He is, however, mistaken for an agent and people try to kill him. There are 007 style cars, cuties, crooks etc. When Michael Corben, along with the rest of his high-school French class, set out for a trip to France, he runs headlong into international intrigue: Agent Michael Corbin has just been disposed of by the evil forces of Augustus Steranko. When it's learned that Michael Corbin is alive and well, and still on his way to France, he's beseiged by both the good guys and the bad guys. British Intelligence outfits him with a series of James-Bond-like gizmos, and Steranko sends more would-be assassins after him. Can Michael stop the evil Steranko's plans for European domination? Rick Munoz <rick.munoz@his.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Michael Corben (Richard Grieco) has only one more chance to obtain the credit needed for his high school graduation. Patricia Grober (Robin Bartlett) and her French class are headed to Europe. All Michael needs to do is participate and he will get the credit. In the meantime, an operative (also named Michael Corben) is on his way to board the same plane. When the operative is killed, the high-school Michael Corben is mistaken for the operative, something that garners him first-class seating on the plane. British Intelligence also assumes Michael to be their operative, as the deceased Michael Corben had been in deep cover and nobody knew what he looked like. Corben's adventure continues as soon as he gets off the plane sending him into a mission of life and death, not only for himself but for his entire class. Corben collects his Lotus and is soon crashed into by a blonde driving a white 1990 Nissan 300ZX. Irate, Michael tried to catch up to her, oblivious to the assassin Zigesfeld (Tom Rack) driving behind him. Due to his manoeuvers, Michael is able to dispatch Zigesfeld. Michael continues to pursue the blonde (whose name is Mariska) to the casino. There, he plays baccarat with Steranko and unwittingly doubles his money. Corben goes back to his hotel room, where he to be confronted by another assassin, Steranko's comely girlfriend Areola Canasta (Carole Davis). This time it is nerve that saves Corben's life. After his hotel room is destroyed, Mariska takes him to her place to explain what is going on. Together they proceed to Steranko's chateau only to be captured by Steranko's assistant Ilsa Grunt (Linda Hunt) in the process. Steranko has also captured Mrs. Grober and Michael's classmates as well, believing them to be a threat. Steranko offers to have dinner with Corben to have a chat. During the dinner, Corben indignantly drops a priceless plate that once belonged to Catherine the Great after being warned of its value by Steranko. Thrown back in the cell, Corben uses his explosive chewing gum to explode the door from its hinges. From there, Mariska and Corben find their way to the gold foundry where the rest of the French class are being held - in a cage hovering over a large vat of liquid gold. (Steranko's mad plan for world domination also includes the production of coinage bearing his likeness) Michael and Mariska kill off a few guards and freeze the liquid gold with liquid nitrogen. Upon setting Mrs. Grober and the class free, he declares to her: "Now, you are the French teacher!", and hands her an Uzi, which she uses against the bad guys with grim determination. He then battles Zigesfeld on top of the frozen gold and manages to kill him by dropping the cage that formerly held his classmates down onto him. He and Mariska, with help from Mrs. Grober, stop Steranko's plan, and Steranko kidnaps Mariska and attempts to escape by helicopter along with his Isla Grunt and his gold. However there is too much weight on the chopper, and Steranko throws out both Mariska and Ilsa but it's still too heavy and the chopper crashes. Steranko ends up buried underneath all of his gold coins. With the chateau exploding all around them, Michael and Mariska escape down the side of the building using a pair of sneakers equipped with suction cups. They are then reunited with Mrs. Grober, who tells Michael, "You've got the credit!" 
 Attack of the Unknown (2020)Summaries A SWAT team transporting a vicious crime syndicate boss must fight their way out of a county detention center during a catastrophic alien invasion. Throughout history there have been cases of entire cities disappearing overnight, but no one really knows why. It's happened throughout the world, as recently as one-hundred years ago in the United States, and it's also going to happen tonight. LOS ANGELES: a SWAT team transporting a high profile inmate find themselves trapped inside a county detention center as the world burns around them. They have no communication with the outside world, no radios, no television, and no working vehicles. Together they must put aside their differences and band together to escape the mysterious alien forces that are tracking them. Brandon Slagle It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 