nm0006519:

 The in Crowd (2000)Summaries A mentally disturbed young woman takes a job at a posh country club and falls in with a clique of wealthy college kids where she's taken under the wing of the clique's twisted leader, who harbors some dark secrets too terrifying to tell. Adrien Williams enters the "in crowd" when she is hired by a posh East Coast country club and befriended by Brittany Foster, the charismatic leader of a clique of wealthy college students who are home for the summer. Brittany takes Adrien under her wing, attempts to show her the benefits of the good life and introduces her to other members of her inner circle, including the object of Brittany's affection, tennis pro Matt Curtis. When Matt shows an interest in Adrien, Brittany begins to reveal her dark side and Adrien slowly starts to learn that Brittany and her pack of friends will do anything to protect their circle and the dark secrets they harbor. Greg Mielcarz <gmielcarz@morgancreek.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Spoof! an Insider's Guide to Short Film Success (2000)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 PapaSummaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sydney White (2007)321) A modern retelling of Snow White set against students in their freshman year of college in the greek system. This modern retelling of the classic fairytale follows a beautiful college freshman as she pledges her late mother's once dignified sorority. But after discovering that today's sisterhood is not what it used to be, Sydney finds her new home away from home with seven outcasts. With the help of her socially challenged new friends, Sydney will take on the reigning campus queen to attempt to transform the school's misguided social hierarchy. Morgan Creek Productions Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sydney White has grown up amongst construction workers ever since her mother died (when she was 9). She earns a scholarship for college and hopes to follow in the footsteps of her mother and enter the Kappa sorority. When she realized the sorority life wasn't for her, she moved out of the house and moved into "The Vortex,"(Which is called Vortex because it sucks in losers) a house on Greek Row for people who don't belong. There, she meets 7 dorks (the 7 dwarves). She realizes what great people they are, and she gets one of them, Terrance, to run for Student Body President in order to take back what the Greeks have had for so long. When those dreams are denied (Terrance has already graduated), Sydney runs for president herself. If you've seen Revenge of the Nerds, all the way down to the line "I'm in love with a nerd/dork", then you've seen this movie already. 