nm0007391:

 Silja - nuorena nukkunut (1956)Summaries In the 1910s, beautiful young Silja loses both parents and ends up working as a maid at wealthier farms around her village. She is courted by a number of bachelors, ranging from simple farmhand Vin to sophisticated young student Armas whom she meets when working for a charming old professor. However, Silja's health starts to deteriorate, and when the Finnish Civil War breaks up in 1918, she is inadvertently involved in a small incident after which her loyalties are questioned by both the Reds and the Whites. Markku Kuoppamki It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thtisilm (1955)Summaries Maija lives as a lodger in the same cottage as the artist Lauri who, being poor, is shacking up with socialite Ansa. Maija's live radio appearance, a betting win and Lauri's success in an altarpiece competition change the course of events. Maija lives as a lodger in the large family of caretaker Holopainen and his wife. The orphan girl has a crush on the artist Lauri Raunio, who lives in the same cottage and, due to his poor income, has ended up shacking up with socialite Ansa Auer. Maija's appearance on live radio, a betting win, and Lauri's success in an altarpiece competition change the course of events. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rakastin sinua, Hilde (1954)Summaries Two men try to marry a rich but impulsive woman. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Meet the Bride (1954)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 