nm0007061:

 Threshold (II) (2016)Summaries A couple experience an intruder during a night of apocalyptic world events and somehow she knows every detail of their life. Blaming herself for her son's accidental death, young wife Cynthia risks redemption at the hands of an otherworldly intruder who appears in the couple's home during a night of apocalyptic world events and somehow knows every detail of Cynthia's guilt-ridden past. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Troubled Child (2012)Summaries Inspired by true-life events, this is the sobering story of the Williams family and their process of coping with an adopted child suffering from Reactive Attachment Disorder. Not long after Carl is adopted, his new mother begins seeing a different side of him than anyone else. As she becomes more and more distressed, bizarre things continue happening, and the family slowly begins to see that maybe their mother isn't imagining things, and there's more to Carl than originally thought. Maiden Hill The Boarder follows eleven-year-old Carl, who is adopted into a loving family by Zeb and his wife Annika. Zeb bonds easily with Carl but the burden of raising this new addition to the family pushes Annika's sanity to the limit. Carl's transition into the new family goes smoothly until Annika accuses him of criminally-disturbed behavior. Zeb is surprised by his wife's resistance to their new son and isn't sure if it's Annika's or Carl's dark side that is being revealed. The battle-weary couple finds themselves in therapy with Dr. Logan, who diagnoses Carl with Reactive Attachment Disorder. The Boarder is an honest portrayal of the real life experiences of families with children who have experienced trauma at an early age in their life. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Charlie Thistle (2008)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 True Blood (20082014)44) Telepathic waitress Sookie Stackhouse encounters a strange new supernatural world when she meets the mysterious Bill Compton, a southern Louisiana gentleman and vampire. Set in modern times, vampires roam the Earth and are humans' mortal enemies. However, a substitute has been found for human blood, a substitute that vampires can consume with the same effect as human blood. This is True Blood. Now humans and vampires can co-exist in harmony, and even form relationships. But there will always be rogue elements on both sides ready to exploit the uneasy truce. grantss Vampires have been around for centuries, but they have only recently "come out of the coffin" and entered mainstream life. Sookie Stackhouse, a telepathic waitress in a small Louisiana town, finds her world turned upside down upon meeting her first vampire, Bill, and falling in love with him. The series follows Sookie through many adventures with humans, vampires, and, eventually, other supernatural beings. She discovers that the world and the people in it are not always as they seem. The series follows Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), a barmaid living in Louisiana who can read people's minds, and how her life is turned upside down when the vampire Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer), walks into her place of employment two years after vampires "came out of the coffin" on national television. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 