nm0010253:

 El amor no es como lo pintan (20002003)Summaries Rip-off of the "Ugly Betty" franchaise. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Soars (2004)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sbete a mi moto (20022003)Summaries Title inspired by a song from Hispanic group Menudo. Story revolves around 5 youngster and the world of motorcycling It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Magical DoReMi (19992004)Summaries The misadventures of three little girls studying to be witches. Ojamajo Doremi is the story about a girl by the name of Doremi Harukaze and her friends as they learn magic. Doremi is the main star of the show, for it was her who caused her friends, Aiko and Hazuki to become witch's apprentices as well. Doremi claims to be "the unluckiest bishoujo in the world", so she hopes to one day learn magic, because she thinks it'll make her life easier. She stumbles across the Maho Dou (Magic Hall) one day and calls a woman by the name of Marika (her actual witch name is Majorika) a witch. Because she called out a witch as a witch, she must now train under Majorika's advisory and pass all her witch's exams to meet her goal of becoming a full-fledged witch. Skye-chan <sailorchibiskye@sailormoon.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 