nm0003341:

 Mud Season (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moving Targets (1999)Summaries A pair of cops are following a lawyer who has information on a mobster. He's killed and his wife has to help the cops catch the bad guy. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 American Gun (2002)Summaries When his daughter is shot just before Christmas, Martin Tillman journeys across the U.S. using the gun's serial number to track down the truth behind Penny's killing. A father who embarks on a nationwide journey to trace the line of ownership of the gun that killed his daughter. Starting with the gun factory, Martin travels to gun stores, trade shows, and individuals, also searching for his runaway granddaughter. Conrad Gangone It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nothing Like Dreaming (2004)Summaries A film about a troubled fire artist and a teenage girl in rural Vermont. A film about a fire artist and a troubled teenage girl in rural Vermont. In their fortuitous encounter, forged by fire, he makes peace with the past and she takes control of her destiny. Together they build a mysterious musical instrument that provides a path to their healing. The story takes place in Vermont, against the backdrop of the state capitol, where civil union laws are being debated along with gun control and DWI's. Nora Jacobson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 