nm0001953:

 In July (2000)321) A young, insecure teacher embarks on a journey through Europe to Turkey, where he wants to see a woman again whom he believes to be his fate. Daniel is a young teacher in-spe, who in contrast to everyone else plans to stay in Hamburg for the summer. Juli, a girl at the flea-market, wants to get known to Daniel and manages to sell him a Mayan ring with a sun on it, foretelling him that he will meet a girl with a sun. One day later Daniel is already on his way across Europe. It seems the prophecy came true somehow. Oliver Heidelbach Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins on a hot summer day on a country road. A man stops by the side of the road and watches a solar eclipse. When it is over, he opens his trunk and sprays bug spray on the dead body he has inside. A hitchhiker then comes up behind him to ask for a ride but is instead hit by the man's car. The driver decides to come back and pick up the hitchhiker's body from the road. The drivers name is Isa (Mehmet Kurtulus) and he is heading to Turkey. He finds out the hitchhiker's name is Daniel (Moritz Bleibtrau), who is a student teacher on his way to Turkey also to find a girl and the flashback of his love story begins. Daniel first meets Juli (Christiane Paul) when she calls him over to her stand on the street in Hamburg where she sells jewelry. She sells him an ancient Mayan ring with a sun on it and tells him that it will lead him to the woman who will bring him true happiness. She also invites him to a party that night. Daniel goes to the party and sees a girl with a picture of a sun on her shirt. She asks him if he knows of a cheap place to stay for the night. He finds out her name is Melek (Idil ner), a Turkish name. As they leave the party, Juli sees them and one sees that she has a picture of a sun on her dress. Melek stays at Daniel's apartment and takes her to the airport the next day. He cries as she leaves for Istanbul, thinking that they were meant to be together. Juli decides to hitchhike and go wherever the first car to pick her up is going. Daniel is the first person to stop and she hops in the car with him. He tells her he's heading to Istanbul because the ring she sold him worked and he's found the girl of his dreams. She tells him that she's also going to Istanbul. The car they are driving breaks down in Bavaria and they have to share a bed that night in a tiny motel. The next morning, they argue about which route they should take to get to Turkey. A truck driver named Leo going to Budapest picks them up. They stop at a bar and Daniel waits outside while the other two go in and have a beer. Juli tells Leo that she wishes Daniel would fight for her. Leo asks Juli to dance with him and begins grabbing her inappropriately. Juli yells for Daniel who comes in and saves Juli. Juli and Daniel take a boat on the Danube and smoke weed, which makes them float in the air. Juli asks Daniel what he is going to say when he finds the girl he's after. He doesn't know and she gives him a declaration of love to say to her. They wake up on the boat the next morning and the crew throws Daniel overboard, separating he and Juli. Daniel finds land and a girl driving a beat-up van picks him up. She takes him to a bar to get some food and drugs his soda. Daniel soon finds himself in the girl's van again and still under drugs. The girl starts to sensually manipulate Daniel's bodily movements and steals his sun ring. Daniel wakes up surrounded by barrels of hay and is shot at by a farmer. He finds out he is in Budapest and goes to a street market where he sees the girl selling his sun ring. He grabs it from the stand and runs with a merchant on his tail, giving the girl a chance to steal from another merchant. She also runs and Daniel eventually hops onto the roof of the temptress's van, commencing a chase. The chase ends after Daniel and the girl driving the van evade the pursuing merchant and are stopped by the police. Daniel escapes with the van without the police seeing him as the girl is arrested. Daniel comes to the border of Romania, but soon realizes that the temptress stole his passport and the guard won't let him cross. Just then, Juli comes out of a bathroom right across the border. They tell the border guard they are married so that he can join her in Romania. She wants Daniel to repeat the love speech she told him earlier, but he can't remember it. He promises Juli that he will learn it. The border guard makes them give him the van Daniel was driving as a gift. Daniel and Juli steal a car from a repair shop and travel through Romania, taking photos of everything they see and do. Daniel knows he cannot get to Bulgaria without a passport and tries to jump his car over a small river to get around crossing the official border. The car sinks and they are again without transportation. Daniel tells Juli that it's all her fault that he has gotten into all these messes and hasn't gotten to Istanbul yet. That night, while Daniels asleep, Juli hitchhikes again. Daniel wakes up and sees the solar eclipse, bringing the story back to the point when he is picked up by Isa. Isa and Daniel pull up to the border of Turkey at this point, but a guard finds the corpse in the trunk and the two are arrested. Isa explains to Daniel that the corpse is his uncle from Turkey who died while visiting his family in Germany. Daniel silently escapes from jail and Isa is able to explain why he had a body in the trunk and is let off as soon as he gets his uncle's birth certificate. Daniel waits in a caf for a bus to Istanbul, when he runs into Melek. Melek says she has to take something to the border and Daniel realizes that Melek is actually Isa's girlfriend and that she's bringing him his uncle's birth certificate. Daniel arrives in Istanbul and finds Juli waiting for him. He recites the speech she told him to say and they kiss. They hitchhike together and are picked up by Isa and Melek. As Juli gets into the car, Daniel sees the sun tattoo on her back for the first time. 
 Atomised (2006)321) Two half brothers in Berlin, 30+, one an introverted scientist, the other a sexually frustrated teacher, have no love life. That's about to change. Based on Michel Houellebecq 's controversial novel, this movie focuses on Michael and Bruno, two very different half-brothers and their disturbed sexuality. After a chaotic childhood with a hippie mother only caring for her affairs, Michael, a molecular biologist, is more interested in genes than women, while Bruno is obsessed with his sexual desires, but mostly finds his satisfaction with prostitutes. His pitiful life changes when he gets to know the experienced Christiane. In the meantime, Michael meets Annabelle, the love of his youth, again... fippi2000 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening scene begins showing a computer screen with Michael (Christian Ulman) typing his decision to quit his job as head of the biotechnology institute in Berlin. He writes that it is a waste of his time and he would rather resume his research in Ireland involving artificial reproduction (a.k.a. cloning). Michael and his co-workers celebrate his farewell with champagne. A group of male colleagues talk about work in the background and a woman colleague tells Michael of her admiration for him. In his office, Michael's boss expresses his appreciation and that he is proud of Michael for his work ethic and they also discuss Michael's reasons for leaving. After Michael is at home, he feeds his parakeet and opens a letter that says his grandmothers grave must be moved due to construction. As he reads the letter, his parakeet suddenly dies and Michael throws the birds body in the trash can under his kitchen sink. Next we are introduced to Bruno (Moritz Bleibtreu), a high school teacher reading Baudelaire to his students. After he reads aloud he asks for comments. A girl in the front row gives feedback relating the literature to male fate. As the students and Bruno leave the classroom, he watches a girl buy condoms from a vending machine in the hallway. The girl who had commented on the text approaches him in the hallway and asks if he had corrected her paper. A flashback shows Bruno masturbating to her photo paper clipped to her essay. He tells the student that she has talent as a writer and that her essay was very good. Michael lies on his couch and reminisces about a girl at a dance. He then hears music from a party in a neighboring building and he closes his balcony door. He gets an old box off the top shelf of his bookcase and reads letters and looks at photos from the same girl he was just thinking about. Bruno smokes a cigarette while typing a vulgar and racist article on his typewriter. A baby cries and Bruno moves him to the other room. The baby continues to cry so Bruno crushes up half of a sleeping pill and puts it in the baby's bottle. Bruno meets with a man and wants him to publish the article Bruno had written. The man declines and tells Bruno he is talented, but a racist and a reactionary. Bruno and Michael meet in a bar and we discover that the two are brothers. Michael tells Bruno about his parakeet and Bruno tells Michael about his wife and his negative feelings toward his life. Bruno is again at work, in his classroom, this time alone with the student who asked about her essay. He sits in a chair next to her and puts his hand on her thigh. They stare at each other and she moves his hand away. He unzips his pants and tries to get her to touch him. She gathers her things and leaves the room. Bruno cries and hits the desk with anger. He drives to a mental health clinic and tells them that he cannot go home because he will kill himself. He has a session with a therapist and she asks him questions about his life. With every story he tells, we see a flashback of the event. He tells her that his mother was a hippie and left him with his grandparents. He is upset with his mother for not calling when Bruno's grandfather died. He tells the story of how his beloved grandmother died while cooking. He also briefly talks about his experience in boarding school. Lastly, he talks about a time that his mother took him on a vacation from boarding school to a hippie colony. There he was openly exposed to his mother's sexual experiences. He continues to tell the therapist about the vacation and how he went into his mother's room while she was sleeping, and he looked at her naked body. Then he masturbated on a balcony to the thought of his mother and a cat watched. Afterward, Bruno threw a stone at the cat, causing it to fall to its death off the balcony. After the vacation Bruno's mother introduced him to his half brother Michael. She leaves them alone to get to know each other. The boys are about 17 years old. They talk about the book A Brave New World, and Bruno also meets Annabelle, Michael's friend who he thought about earlier in the film. Both boys are distant from their mother as she says goodbye and again leaves them. Back in real time, the therapist asks Bruno about his first sexual relationship, and we see a flashback of it. The therapist says that it has been a long session and she tells Bruno to go and get some rest. Michael goes to the cemetery and watches a man remove his grandmother's remains from her grave, although the man warned him not to watch. After the cemetery we see him walk up the driveway of a house and turn around. An older woman comes out and greets him. Mrs. Stevens brings him in the house and he greets her husband and son. Then Annabelle (Franka Potente) walks into the room. Michael agrees to stay for dinner and helps Annabelle set the table on the back patio. The two catch up on their lives and reminisce about their childhoods that they spent together. She asks why he never answered her letters and he tells her that he had just read them just a few days before his visit. The two sit together in a room alone looking and old pictures. She asks why he never kissed her back then, and asks if he would like to kiss her now. They kiss. Michael visits Bruno in the mental hospital, and tells him that their mother is dying. They drive to he house that Jane, their mother, shares with other hippies. An old woman tells them which room Jane is in. She is lying in a bed in the middle of a room with lit pillar candles surrounding it. Bruno whispers angrily in her ear. A man brings Bruno and Michael two glasses and pours them each a drink. Michael walks around outside, leaving Bruno alone with their mother. Michael rushes back inside when he hears Bruno screaming a drunken song at his dying mother. As Michael arrives in the room, Jane takes her last breath. Bruno smokes a cigarette outside and watches a pigeon on the roof. Michael joins him outside the hippie house and asks Bruno if he should take him back to the clinic but Bruno declines and says he is first going to a brothel. Annabelle and Michael have dinner together and discuss Annabelle's past relationships. Annabelle reveals that she was pregnant at 19 and had an abortion. They sit down together in another room and she shows him her diary, in which she kept postcards Michael had sent her throughout the years, and she reads a letter that she wrote to an advice column about him. Annabelle asks about Michael's sex life, and he reveals that he is a virgin. They turn off the lights and make love, and she tells him that she has been in love with him since she was 5 years old. Bruno and Michael meet in the same bar. Michael compliments Bruno on his new suit. Bruno tells Michael of his plans to go to a nudist camp, and that his wife, Anne, wants a divorce and has moved out with their baby boy. In the next scene Bruno knocks on a door and his father answers in a robe. He invites Bruno in, pours each of them a drink and lights a cigarette. His father tells of his failed career as a plastic surgeon and accidentally drops his cigarette in his glass of Vodka. The two chat for a few minutes. As Bruno gets up to leave, his father walks Bruno to the door and asks him if he could borrow some money. Annabelle and Michael say goodbye at a train station and he promises to call her upon his arrival in Ireland. Next we see a car driving down a small road on the coast of Ireland. The car pulls into the parking lot of an office building, and a man escorts Michael down a hallway to another man's office. Michael and the man speak in English about his research and the man tells Michael that his calculations have been proven to be true. Michael is alone in a small house and he looks over his notes from his research a few years earlier. Bruno drives through the entrance of the nudist camp and immediately sees a few topless women walking around. Bruno reads the directions for setting up his tent and a topless woman comes out from her tent to help. A nude man follows her out of the tent asking for her to come back in, as presumably their baby cries. Bruno declines her help. He wanders through tall grass and decides to relocate to an area with a few tents already in place, one of which has girls underwear hanging out to dry. At night Bruno sits outside his tent smoking a cigarette as he admires the young women in the neighboring tent. A truck pulls up playing loud music and the girls get in. Bruno is left alone and pours himself a glass of wine as the truck drives away and someone throws a can out of the bed of the truck. In the morning a woman is instructing a relaxation class, which Bruno is a part of. Bruno looks at a bulletin board with the schedule of classes offered. A man pours oil onto his arms and hands and he proceeds to massage a topless woman lying face-up on a table. Bruno watches from a distance. Men and women in swim attire approach each other in search of a massage partner. Bruno is left with another man and the two take the last open table in the circular arrangement of tables on grass near the water. Bruno pours oil on the man, who is now lying on the table, and observes the other male-female partners on the other tables. He walks away, frustrated. At night Bruno approaches a woman dancing alone outside a drum circle. He offers her a drink and they talk about the music and dancing. Another man walks up to her and her attention switches to him. Again Bruno walks away from the situation. He wanders through the dark trees and comes to a Jacuzzi, in which two people are engaging in intercourse. Bruno goes in anyway. The man gets out of the hot tub and Bruno approaches the woman, who is the same woman that instructed the relaxation course earlier, and they kiss. In the next scene Bruno is in the woman's trailer with her, and she pours them each a drink. She sits down on the couch next to him and they talk about their thoughts on men and women. The next scene jumps to daytime and Bruno and the woman, Christiane (Martina Gedeck), hold hands while walking and chatting through the camp. Michael and his Irish colleague are in a pasture and visit cows that Michael's formula had allowed to be artificially reproduced. The two enter a room full of other scientists who applaud upon their entrance. Michael gives a brief speech about staying in Ireland to continue his research. Bruno and Christiane sit in beach chairs next to the shore, and they talk about their lives. They hold hands and reveal that they want to spend more time together. Annabelle waits in a doctors office alone until a doctor arrives to tell her that she has abnormal cells and that she must have an abortion. At the same time, Michael walks alone on a rocky cliff, suddenly stops, turns around, and runs back to his phone. He calls Annabelle and she hears the phone but doesn't answer. Bruno pours wine into glasses set on a living room table. Christiane walks through the doorway in lingerie and asks Bruno if he would like to go out. They go to a swingers club, walk to the bar and socialize with another couple. Bruno and Christiane take a taxi home and they discuss living together and they tell each other, I love you. Michael discusses his findings on reproduction with two colleagues and a third colleague comes in to inform Michael that he has a phone call from Germany. It is Annabelle's mother and she tells Michael about Annabelle's abortion and poor health. Michael goes to her immediately. Annabelle is sleeping in her bed when Michael arrives. He sits on the bed with her and holds her hand. She wakes up and smiles at him. The couple eats together on the patio. They sit on a wall together admiring her parents as she tells Michael about the love and loyalty her parents have for each other. Michael and Annabelle hold hands and lie together in bed and he promises to stay with her until she is well. He asks her to go to Ireland with him and she agrees. Christiane looks at her skin in the mirror and notices some spots that have been reoccurring. Bruno walks in and is concerned. He fills up their wine glasses in the living room and Christiane again walks in wearing lingerie. The two go to the sex club again and are each with separate partners but they maintain eye contact with each other. Christiane makes a sound of pain and falls to the floor. Bruno waits in a hallway of a hospital and a doctor comes out of a patients room to tell Bruno that Christiane's legs are paralyzed due to the progression of a pre-existing medical condition. Bruno goes to Christiane's bedside and crying, he asks why she didn't tell him about it. Bruno waits outside the hospital for Christiane, who comes out in a wheelchair. They hug; he gives her flowers and asks her to move in with him. Christiane asks if he is sure, but Bruno cannot answer her question. The hospital attendant takes her home. Christiane sits at her home alone, staring out the window and at her paralyzed legs. She also glances at the telephone. Meanwhile, Bruno is lying on his floor with an empty pack of cigarettes and a bottle of vodka. He gets up, staring at the phone. He proceeds to call Christiane but hangs up after the first ring. Christiane drinks wine in her wheelchair and continues to stare out the window. Bruno tries to call her again, but he hangs up before she can answer. She wheels herself to her balcony and pulls herself up out of the wheelchair. Bruno calls again and lets the phone ring. Christiane hears the phone but instead of answering it, she pulls her legs up over the railing and throws herself off the balcony. As Christiane doesn't answer his calls, Bruno rushes to her apartment. When he arrives there is caution tape, two police cars and a crowd of people. He asks a bystander what had happened and the man tells him that a woman in a wheelchair had jumped from an apartment above. Bruno goes to the mental health clinic and we see him walk down a hallway crying. A nurse approaches him and he says that he is back. Bruno has his own room at the clinic. The nurse visits him and tells him to take his pills. She tries to leave but Bruno asks to go with her. She leaves him alone in the hallway for a few minutes and Bruno sees a woman in a wheelchair roll to the other end of the hallway, away from him. He calls after Christiane and she turns around and comes back over to him. Bruno gets on his knees and lays his head in her lap. The two seem to be talking and interacting, but two nurses open a door to the hallway and find him kneeling on the floor, crying alone. Some time later Bruno is alone in his clinic room and he hears a knock. Annabelle and Michael have come to visit Bruno and take him out for a while. Annabelle and Michael hold hands in the front seat and Bruno imagines holding Christiane's hand in the back seat. The three relax in beach chairs on the shore and Bruno thanks them for bringing him there. There is a fourth chair next to Bruno and he imagines Christiane sitting there. The film ends with Bruno gazing at his imagined Christiane with a half smile, as he tells Michael and Annabelle that he wants to stay, even after Michael and Annabelle move to Ireland. 
 The Experiment (2001)541) For two weeks, 20 male participants are hired to play prisoners and guards in a prison. The "prisoners" have to follow seemingly mild rules, and the "guards" are told to retain order without using physical violence. The movie is based on the infamous "Stanford Prison Experiment" conducted in 1971. A makeshift prison is set up in a research lab, complete with cells, bars and surveillance cameras. For two weeks 20 male participants are hired to play prisoners and guards. The 'prisoners' are locked up and have to follow seemingly mild rules, and the 'guards' are told simply to retain order without using physical violence. Everybody is free to quit at any time, thereby forfeiting payment. In the beginning the mood between both groups is insecure and rather emphatic. But soon quarrels arise and the wardens employ ever more drastic sanctions to confirm their authority. <armin@sfb288.math.tu-berlin.de> 20 male participants take part in a social experiment. For two weeks they will be housed in a prison, with a portion of them being guards and the remainder prisoners. Initially things go well, but after a while matters relations start to deteriorate. grantss In need of extra cash, the part-time taxi driver, Tarek Fahd, volunteers to take part in a controversial social experiment which aims at faithfully reconstructing the psychology of prison life. In the following two weeks, within the walls of a controlled makeshift prison, twelve randomly chosen men are assigned to become prisoners--losing their clothing, their identities, and their civil rights--while eight other volunteers become uniformed guards equipped with billy clubs, to maintain peace and order. However, what started as an ambitious investigation into human behaviour, rapidly escalates into a dangerously volatile situation, as the first signs of conscious violence appear only two days into the experiment. Now, Tarek, or Prisoner #77, and the rest of the inmates have become real convicts. Are they strong enough to overcome their limits? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a newspaper advertisement, taxi driver Tarek Fahd discovers an invitation to participate in an experiment. 4000 German marks are offered to the participants of the experiment, in which a prison situation is simulated. The experiment is led by Professor Klaus Thon and his assistant, Dr. Jutta Grimm. Tarek participates as a journalist while wearing a pair of glasses with a built-in mini-camera. Tarek has a car accident shortly before the experiment, after which he meets a woman called Dora. She spends the night with him and Tarek keeps thinking of her, shown in flashbacks. The 20 volunteers are pronounced guards and prisoners and are being observed by a team of scientists. The prisoners lose their civil rights and have to obey arbitrary rules, such as completely eating their meals. The guards are given nightsticks but are told not to use violence in any case. Each prisoners name is taken away and replaced by a number. Tarek (prisoner nr. 77) initially refuses to acknowledge the guards' superiority by drinking the milk of one of his co-prisoners because of that prisoner's lactose intolerance or by throwing his blanket out of his cell to provoke the guards. He befriends his cellmates, Steinhoff and Schtte. Psychological changes develop and the situation deteriorates. The circumstances seem to be escalating after a few days. It becomes clear that limits are not only being reached but being surpassed. The guards become excessively aware of their power and use the prisoners' fear to make them obedient. On both sides, one person is considered dominant. On the prisoners' side, this is Tarek, and aon the guards side, it is the quiet guard Berus, a sadist, whose motto during the experiment is: "Humiliation is the only way we can solve these troubles." From that moment, the guards start to use more and more violence against the prisoners. The scientists engage in a discussion whether or not to abort the experiment. Dr. Grimm suggests to put an end to the alarming situation, but Professor Thon refuses to stop the experiment until the violence has reached a maximum. Dora meanwhile returns to Tarek's apartment and discovers his participation contract for the experiment. She surprises him by showing up for a visit day. Tarek pleads to the friendly guard Walther Bosch to secretly bring her a message. Berus suspects him, however. He arrests Bosch and tells Dora that everything is alright. The situation becomes critical and more violence is involved. The prisoners are being abused and their self-esteem is drastically decreased. Most of the violence is against Tarek. First, the guards kidnap him from his cell late one night, order him to strip fully naked, shave his head bald and urinate on him. Later he is forced to clean the toilet with his own clothes. In the end, they lock him up in solitary confinement inside a "black box" resembling a safe. Schtte, reacting to this, is beaten severely, tied up, his mouth bound with duct tape and set on a chair. Later he suffocates to death due to his bloody nose drying up in addition to the duct tape on his mouth. Bosch is beaten by the other guards for his "betrayal" and is put into prison. A scientist called Lars notices this and attempts to contact Professor Thon. The guards, who are aware that the professor cannot be reached, are convinced by Berus that the entire situation is a test, in which they want to see their reaction. They take over control of the facility and capture Lars, Dr. Grimm and the other scientists after which they are put into prison as well. Dora comes to the facility a second time to speak to Tarek and is lured into a room by Berus, where he locks her up. The guard Eckert attempts to rape Dr. Grimm until Tarek stops him after he escapes out of the solitary confinement through the use of a screwdriver he found inside the "black box." Tarek knocks down Eckert and frees Lars, Bosch, Steinhoff, Dr. Grimm and the other prisoners. They manage to escape by removing one of the plates at the wall of one of the cells with the screwdrivers and flee. Meanwhile, Professor Thon hears Lars' desperate message in his voice mail and leaves for the facility. Steinhoff and Tarek stay behind to lock the way back in order to prevent Berus from coming after them. Professor Thon reaches the facility and demands an explanation from Eckert, after which the latter injures him by accident with a pistol. The fleeing prisoners are ambushed by the guards and trapped. Bosch, who could not keep up with the others, loses his sanity and kills Eckert with a fire extinguisher. Dora then escapes out of the room she was locked up in, and steals Eckert's gun. She injures one of the guards fighting Tarek and Steinhoff, leaving only Berus to fight them. Tarek incapacitates Berus, who is nearly choked to death by Steinhoff until Tarek convinces him not to kill Berus. The movie ends with a news break, confirming two deaths (Schtte and Eckert) and three injured (Thon and two others). Both Berus and Thon will be put on trial. In this movie appears Christian Berkel who will later play the role of Fritz Shimon Haber in Haber (2008) . 
 Knockin' on Heaven's Door (1997)Summaries Two terminally ill patients escape from a hospital, steal a car and rush towards the sea. Two young men, Martin Brest (Til Schweiger) and Rudi Wurlitzer (Jan Josef Liefers), both suffering from terminal cancer, get to know each other in a hospital room. They drown their desperation in tequila and decide to take one last trip to the sea. Drunk, and still in pajamas, they steal the first fancy car they find, a 1960s Mercedes convertible. The car happens to belong to a bunch of gangsters, who immediately start to chase it, since it contains more than the pistol Martin finds in the glove box. Armin Ortmann <armin@sfb288.math.tu-berlin.de> Two German men in the hospital's "death row" get drunk. They steal a mob car with a gun and one million Deutsche Marks in it and use them on their road trip to see the sea before dying. The Mob wants its car and money back and chase them, as do the Police. Scott Filtenborg It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 