nm0001632:

 Little Fockers (2010)321) Family-patriarch Jack Byrnes wants to appoint a successor. Does his son-in-law, the male nurse Greg Focker, have what it takes? It has taken 10 years, two little Fockers with wife Pam, and countless hurdles for Greg to finally get in with his tightly wound father-in-law, Jack. After the cash-strapped dad takes a job moonlighting for a drug company, however, Jack's suspicions about his favorite male nurse come roaring back. When Greg and Pam's entire clan--including Pam's lovelorn ex, Kevin (Owen Wilson)--descends for the twins' birthday party, Greg must prove to the skeptical Jack that he's fully capable as the man of the house. But with all the misunderstandings, spying, and covert missions, will Greg pass Jack's final test and become the family's next patriarch, or will the circle of trust be broken for good? Universal Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Greg Focker (Ben Stiller) and his wife Pam (Teri Polo) are having a typical busy morning getting their two kids ready to go to school. At work Greg gets a visit from Andi Garcia (Jessica Alba), a former nurse, now working with a company that makes a male enhancement drug called Sustengo. Andi tries to convince Greg to become the spokesperson of the drug by telling him he will have a higher salary. Greg says he will think about it and takes Andi's card. Meanwhile Jack Byrnes (Robert De Niro) and his wife, Dina Byrnes (Blythe Danner), talk about how Dr. Bob, their former son-in-law, cheated on their daughter. Dina is going to visit their daughter and is leaving Jack by himself. Jack suffers a minor heart attack but manages to call 911 and he survives. Back at the Focker household, the family is in the middle of dinner when Jack calls Greg informing him of his heart attack and appointing him as the new head of the family, the "Godfocker". Jack also tells Greg not to tell anyone since he wants to keep it a secret from his wife and daughter. As soon as he hangs up Greg feels empowered and asks Pam to set up a tour for The Early Human School, a private school they were considering sending their children to. Two weeks later Jack and Dina visit them. During dinner, as Greg is carving the turkey, his son's pet lizard startles him, causing him to cut his finger splattering blood all over his guests. Soon after, Kevin (Owen Wilson) shows up heartbroken after having been dumped by his girlfriend. Pam offers him a place to stay but he and Greg assure her he's fine sleeping at the shelter where he volunteers. The next day, Pam wakes up sick so she asks Jack to go with Greg to the tour at the Early Human School. There they mistake Jack and Greg for a homosexual couple. Greg decides to take Andis proposal to be the spokesperson for Sustengo. He agrees to give a speech about it at a hotel. Greg tells Pam about it and asks her not to tell her dad. Their daughter overhears and tells Jack daddy is meeting up at a hotel with Andi, the person who gives daddy his boners. Jack is alarmed thinking Greg is having an affair with Andi. That night Jack follows Greg while on his way to the hotel. At the metro, Greg confronts him asking Jack if he is following him. Jack says he is getting some organic milk and is forced to get off a few stops before Greg. At the hotel, the presentation goes great and Greg is congratulated by many. Greg and Andi are photographed together. When Jack returns home from following Greg, he finds Sustengo samples in a bag and decides to take one. When Greg comes home he finds Jack sitting on the couch waiting for him. Greg notices Jack has a boner and asks him if he took a Sustengo. Jack says he did and that he has had the boner for over 4 hours. Greg is alarmed and tells Jack he must get an adrenaline shot as soon as possible. Jack asks Greg to do it at home as he refuses to go to the emergency room in that state. As Greg gives jack the adrenaline shot, his son walks in and screams at the sight. Jack googles Andi Garcia and finds a picture of her and Greg on her webpage. Jack is sure they are having an affair. Greg had been planning to throw the twins a birthday party in the backyard of a new house he was building, but his contractor had dug a giant hole in it so having the party there was impossible. Kevin suggests having the party at his house since it is much bigger. Greg, Pam, Jack, and Dina take the twins for an evaluation at the Early Human School. The girl does well, but the boy does not. Jack suggests the girl takes after Pam and the boy takes after Greg. The boy falls off the rock wall after having asked Greg for permission. They take him to the hospital since he has broken his arm. There Jack tells Pam she should divorce Greg and marry Kevin. Greg and Jack argue loudly and as he leaves, Greg tells Dina about Jacks heart attack. Greg decides not to go home and goes to the house he is currently building. While he is there Andi shows up with Chinese food and drinks. Andi gets drunk and forcefully kisses and hugs Greg, but Greg resists and asks her to leave. Jack has come by to apologize but when he sees Andi and Greg embracing he leaves convinced that they are having an affair. Andi throws Gregs phone in the pit in the backyard and as Greg is down there trying to get it she dives in causing them both to pass out. The next day, the twins birthday party is being hosted at Kevin's house. Greg shows up and the family is reunited. When he tries to apologize to Jack for arguing with him the night before, Jack punches Greg and the two start fighting. As they are fighting Greg tells Jack nothing happened between him and Andi. The two get distracted when Mr. Jinx, Jack's cat, begins to eat Greg's son's lizard. Jack begins to have a heart attack but Greg aids him and the ambulance soon comes. As he is getting into the ambulance, Jack tells Greg he believes him and that he is now the "Gregfocker". Greg, Pam, Pam's parents, and Greg's parents are sitting together talking and getting along, but when Greg's parents mention they are planning on moving down the block, Pam's parents also decide to move so Greg and Pam start freaking out. 
 Meet the Parents (2000)Summaries Male nurse Greg Focker meets his girlfriend's parents before proposing, but her suspicious father is every date's worst nightmare. A Jewish male nurse plans to ask his live-in girl friend to marry him. However, he learns that her strict father expects to be asked for his daughter's hand before she can accept. Thus begins the visit from Hell as the two travel to meet Mom and Dad, who turns out to be former CIA with a lie detector in the basement. Coincidentally, a sister also has announced her wedding to a young doctor. Of course everything that can go wrong, does, including the disappearance of Dad's beloved Himalayan cat, Jinxie. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Male nurse Greg Focker is poised to propose to his girlfriend Pam during a weekend stay at her parents' home. But here's the catch . . . he needs to ask her father first. Alas, the fur flies as Jack Byrnes, Pam's cat-crazy, ex-CIA father takes an immediate dislike to her less-than-truthful beau. Greg's quest for approval gets seriously sidetracked as Murphy's Law takes over and a string of mishaps turns him into a master of disaster and total pariah in the eyes of the entire family . . . all except for his shell-shocked girlfriend, who can't believe she still loves her one-man wrecking crew. Official DVD cover It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Meet the Fockers (2004)321) All hell breaks loose when the Byrnes family meets the Focker family for the first time. Having given permission to male nurse Greg Focker to marry his daughter, ex-CIA man Jack Byrnes and his wife travel to Miami to Greg's parents, who this time around are Mr. and Mrs. Focker, who are as different from them as can be. As asked in the first movie, what sort of people name their son Gaylord M. Focker? Uber Minion Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this sequel to 'Meet the Parents,' Gaylord Greg Focker (Ben Stiller) has finally invited his fiance's parents, ex-CIA agent Jack Byrnes and his wife Dina (Robert DeNiro and Blythe Danner) to meet his parents. Jack wants to know if Greg came from a good gene pool. Jack discovers that the Fockers are very strange. The Dad, Bernard (Dustin Hoffman) is a hippie and retired lawyer, and the Mom, Roz (Barbara Streisand) is an open sex therapist. Jack begins to thinks this is not a good family for his daughter to marry into. Greg's parents are so proud of Greg that they have a wall of honor with Greg's ninth and tenth place sports awards. The two families try to become one family. 
 The Arrival (1996)761) Zane, an astronomer, discovers intelligent alien life. But the aliens are keeping a deadly secret, and will do anything to stop Zane from learning it. Zane ( Charlie Sheen ), a young, mild-mannered astronomer discovers an extraterrestrial radio signal. After being fired from his organization for reporting this to his superior, he takes a chance on discovering the truth: that his workplace is not quite what it seems to be and a sinister conspiracy is at work. The aliens are keeping a deadly secret, and will stop at nothing to prevent Zane from learning it. vishakbt1 Zane Ziminski is an radio-astronomer with SETI, who discovers an Earth-based hidden signal, that seems to have extraterrestrial connections. Soon after he reports his discovery to his superior, Zane is fired, and his recorded evidence is distroyed. He then embarks on a search to determine the origins of the transmission that leads him into a Hitchcockian labyrinth of paranoia and intrigue. Greg Dean Schmitz <schmitz@gnatnet.net> When the astronomer Zane Zaminski receives signal from a distant star, he reports and gives all the evidences to his chief, Phil Gordian, and is immediately fired. Zane becomes obsessed to locate the signals again and finds a transmission to the outer space in the same wave from Mexico, and he flies to the place. Meanwhile, the scientist Ilana Green is investigating the unexplained raise of the temperature in Third World countries and also goes to Mexico for further research. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Zane Ziminski is a radio astronomer who picks up strange signals from outer space. Believing these signals to be from intelligent life, he reports his findings to his superiors. He is then fired. Investigating the signals on his own, he discovers similar signals emitting from Mexico. Anxious to discover the source of these transmissions, Zane embarks on a trek to Mexico... Humberto Amador Zane Ziminski is fired from NASA after picking up unidentified signals from a distant location in space. His curiosity soon turn to sheer terror as he travels to Mexico, where a series of unexplained events lead him to believe that there are aliens all over the world. He gathers evidence to support this theory but will he ever have the chance to broadcast the 'facts' alive? <reb@magna.com.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Zane Zaminski (Charlie Sheen), a radio astronomer working for SETI, discovers an extraterrestrial radio signal from Wolf 336, a star 14 light years from Earth. Zane reports this to his supervisor, Phil Gordian (Ron Silver) at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, but Phil dismisses the claims. Zane soon finds that he has been fired because of supposed budget cuts, and blacklisted, preventing him from working at other telescopes. Taking a job as a television satellite installer, he creates his own telescope array using his customers' dishes in the neighborhood, operating it secretly from his attic with help of his young next door neighbor, Kiki. Zane relocates the signal, but it is drowned out by a terrestrial signal from a Mexican radio station. Zane attempts to tell his former coworker, Calvin (Richard Schiff), but finds he has just died suspiciously from carbon monoxide poisoning. Zane travels to Mexico and finds the radio station was burnt to the ground. Searching the local area, he comes across a new power plant. There, he helps climatologist Ilana Green (Lindsay Crouse) protect her atmospheric analysis equipment from the plant's overzealous security forces. Ilana explains that the Earth's temperature has recently risen several degrees, melting the polar ice. She is investigating the power plant, one of several recently built, that appears to be the cause of this increase. The two are released, but without Ilana's equipment. Surprisingly, Zane realizes one of the guards could pass as the identical twin of his former boss, Phil, except that he is of Mexican ethnicity (whereas Phil is not). As Zane and Ilana regroup, Phil instructs some agents, posing as gardeners, to release an alien device in Zane's attic that creates a miniature black hole, consuming all of Zane's equipment. Zane leaves Ilana to again investigate the power plant and she is soon killed by a scorpion planted in her room. Zane discovers the plant is a front for an underground alien base. The very different looking aliens are able to disguise themselves with an external skin to infiltrate our society. Zane finds that all of the bases expel large amounts of emissions into the atmosphere. Zane is discovered but escapes back into the nearby town and attempts to convince the local sheriff of the situation. However, alien agents bring Ilana's body to the police station, making Zane a suspect in her death; Zane escapes and sneaks back into the United States. He accosts Phil on the JPL grounds, forcing him to admit that the aliens are trying to raise the Earth's temperature to not only kill off humans but make the planet hospitable for themselves. Zane secretly records the conversation and once Phil discovers the recording he sends agents to stop Zane. Zane returns home to find his attic devoid of equipment. He figures out the only way to broadcast the tape is to go to a nearby telescope and beam the signal directly to a television satellite, broadcasting it worldwide. With the help of his girlfriend Char (Teri Polo) and Kiki, he travels to the telescope. Phil and his agents soon disable the telescope controls from the main building. Zane leaves the tape with Kiki and instructs him to transmit it when he gives the order and then he and Char sneak over to the telescope's base and barricade themselves in the control room. Zane makes the necessary adjustments and tells Kiki to active the tape, but Kiki reveals himself to be an alien agent, and opens the door to allow Phil inside and confiscate the tape himself. Phil and his agents ram down the door to the telescope room with a van, but Zane freezes them with cryogenic gases. As he works to free the tape stuck in Phil's frozen jacket, one of the agents drops a sphere which starts to form another singularity in the room. Zane and Char escape through the telescope's optical path before the device implodes most of the telescope base, exiting safely onto on the collapsed dish. In the distance they see Kiki, and Zane tells him to tell the aliens that he will soon broadcast this tape; they watch as Kiki runs off. In the film's epilogue, Zane's conversation with Phil is broadcasted across the globe 