nm0007618:

 Pasrah (2000)Summaries Top model Farah Diba is shocked and depressed when her long-standing fiance is seduced by a jealous rival. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gerak Khas the Movie (2001)Summaries A special police unit, headed by Inspectors Mazlan and Aleeza, which was set up to battle major crime syndicates dealing in pirated porn VCDs and ecstasy pills. Two of the major rival syndicates are headed by Castelo and Rafayel. Things are further complicated by the arrival of Inspector Shafikah and a TV journalist, Azura. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gerak Khas the Movie II (2002)Summaries Inspector Mazlan and Inspector Aleza are assigned to investigate one of Malaysia's largest drug syndicate led by Raziman. This illegal syndicate has dealers all over the country and is also related to an international syndicate. At the same time, TVKL tries to reveal the drug activities in the city. The Gerak Khas Unit has to overcome many obstacles in order to wipe out the illegal syndicate. Besides that, there are few conflicts occurring in the Gerak Khas Unit itself. Can they overcome the conflicts and wipe out the illegal syndicate? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 GK3: The Movie (2005)Summaries The murder of a woman named Suzana causes the police to suspect most wanted crime lord Raymond to be responsible for the killing. Meanwhile, with work already burdening her, things are not going easy for Inspektor Aleeza, especially when her headstrong younger sister, Misha moves to Kuala Lumpur to stay with a friend. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 