nm0004095:

 Chinese Hercules: The Bolo Yeung StorySummaries This is the story of the bodybuilder, Martial Artist and actor who wrote his own destiny and walked his own path. A legendary tale that's never been told on-screen before. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chameleon (1998 TV Movie)Summaries In 2028, a super-killer female genetic creation with chameleon-like powers discovers maternal instincts when she protects a child from government operatives. Cham, a genetically created being known as a "Sub" is being used as a killer for the IBI, a government agency. Sent to retrieve a chip, and in the process kill the chips designer and his family, Cham defies her boss and saves the son of the murdered designer and goes on the run. One problem, she only has 5 days to live, to save his life. watcher26 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Murder One (19951997)Summaries Theodore Hoffman is a prominent defense attorney in a prestigious Los Angeles law firm. After successfully defending the wealthy but suspicious Richard Cross in a lurid murder trial, he is now involved in the defense of Neil Avedon. Neil is a famous young actor who has had severe drug and alcohol problems and was subsequently charged with the murder, after Cross was acquitted. This single case will run an entire television season (interspersed with bits from other cases that the firm is involved in). Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> This series centers on a prominent defense attorney, Theodore "Teddy" Hoffman, and his associates. When an actor whose addicted to alcohol and drugs, who always gets into all sorts of scrapes, and relies on Teddy to bail him out, is accused and tried for murder, it's up to Teddy to save him. And Teddy has a lot of opposition, like Richard Cross, another one of Teddy's clients, who not only knew the victim but is a dangerous man. Now the unusual thing is that the trial takes over the whole season. When the show returned for a second season, Teddy, whose personal life was affected by the trial of the previous season, took a leave of absence. The firm needing someone to be at the helm, recruits Jimmy Wyler, who use to work for the D.A. but couldn't get along with him, becomes the new head of the firm. And unlike the previous season, they have more than one client to defend and it doesn't take all season to do it. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Gandhi Murder (2019)55) This is a conspiracy theory period movie based on true events, that led to the eventual assassination of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi. The movie demonstrates a violent India, at the backdrop of a non-violent Gandhi, and hard-line fanatic mindsets beginning to grow roots in an India divided on the basis of religion. This movie is a story of three police officers in different parts of India, who, well aware of the intelligence that Gandhi's life is under threat, must take key decisions that would eventually either save the Mahatma, or the country. Sachin Nikam This is a movie based on real events that shaped India as a secular, democratic country, and paved the way for the world's largest democracy, as it struggled and survived through its formative days immediately after independence from the British Empire. The movie draws an interesting parallel between India during the life and assassination of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi, and the U.S. during the life and assassination of Abraham Lincoln, and how their eventual assassinations, though tragic events in themselves, virtually turned the two countries around to be successful secular democracies, from the separatist and civil war path on which both were trudging. Ralitza Ivanova Raina (A senior intelligence officer): Based on a real life character, Raina is a senior intelligence officer faced with everyday challenges in a newly independent India marred with sectarian violence. Raina feels helpless and powerless to stem the violence, or the communal hatred that seems to be taking root in India. The country is headed towards a near certain civil war. Faced with key intelligence that some fanatics might be plotting to assassinate Gandhi, Raina must take the most important decision of his career, to save the Mahatma, or save the country. Can he cope with it? Jimmy: A DCP in Bombay police, Jimmy is a dynamic police officer, who would one day be a legend in Indian police force. Caught in the quagmire of sectarian politics and violence, Jimmy wants Independent India to get back to normal and the senseless frenzy of killings, rape and plunder to stop. As Raina's close friend, and confidante, Jimmy has worked together with intelligence to break tough cases, and is now faced with a task that he can fulfill very easily: "Arrest known conspirators who plan to assassinate Gandhi". But can saving Gandhi save India? Is this violent, burning India, split on sectarian lines really Gandhi's dream? As Gandhi goes on his last fast, Jimmy must create a balance between his friendship, his loyalty, his country, and his job. Alwright, Moobi T.G.: The first Director of Intelligence Bureau (DIB) of independent India, T.G. is faced with a unique situation. Gandhi's life is at risk, and he has critical information that can help catch the criminals. It should be an open and shut case. But with a severely depleted police force in Delhi (Many have left for England, or migrated to Pakistan) and a situation where inter-departmental politics and trust in his fellow officers cannot be taken for granted, there appears little T.G. can do. But T.G. has a reputation to keep, and is a legend in a country where legends are worshiped. Gandhi can still save the country. And that is reason enough to save him, against all odds. T.G. will do whatever it takes. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 