nm0008985:

 Beautiful Memories (2001)211) Although barely 30, Claire believes she is showing the first symptoms of Alzheimer's disease, a condition from which her mother has recently died. Her sister, Nathalie, is certain that her memory loss, caused by a lightning strike, is temporary. In the clinic where she is being treated, Claire is attracted to Philippe, a man who is still traumatized after a car accident in which his wife and child were both killed. In spite of their personal tragedies, Claire and Philippe fall in love. When Philippe recovers, Claire moves into his home. Then Claire's condition takes a turn for the worse... Polly_Kat Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Although barely 30, Claire believes she is showing the first symptoms of Alzheimers disease, a condition from which her mother has recently died. Her sister, Nathalie, is certain that her memory loss, caused by a lightning strike, is temporary. In the clinic where she is being treated, Claire is attracted to Bernard, a man who is still traumatised after a car accident in which his wife and child were both killed. In spite of their personal tragedies, Claire and Bernard fall in love. When Bernard recovers, Claire moves into his home. Then Claires condition takes a turn for the worse 
 How Much Do You Love Me? (2005)Summaries An ordinary clerk hires a gorgeous prostitute for one night. When that night is over, he doesn't want to let her go. She agrees to stay with him, but her boss wants her back. In Paris, after winning the lottery, the clerk Franois goes to a bar in Pigalle and offers one hundred thousand Euros per month to the prostitute Daniela to live with him until the end of his money. Franois is a lonely man, with heart problems and Daniela stays with him for eight days. Then, she decides to come back to her man, the mobster Charly, but she misses Franois and returns to his place. But once a whore, always a whore. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Monte Carlo (2011)431) Three young women vacationing in Paris find themselves whisked away to Monte Carlo after one of the girls is mistaken for a British heiress. A young woman, her uptight step sister and her best friend use their savings for a long anticipated dream trip to Paris, which turns out to be a big disappointment. When they decide to take a break from their lousy tour and duck into the lobby of a luxury hotel, one of them is mistaken for a spoiled British heiress. Before they get the chance to reveal their true identities they are wrapped up in misadventures during a vacation to Monte Carlo instead. Fox 2000 Pictures Grace is a teenager from Texas who wishes to go to Paris after her high school graduation, so she and her friend, Emma work as waitresses to earn for the trip but fall short. Her mother and step-father, Robert offer to chip in. They say they can even send Robert's daughter, Meg along. But Meg is reluctant to go because she is still mourning her mother. But the travel package they got has them staying in a cramp room and their tour has them zipping by every sight. When they reach the Eiffel Tower, Meg meets a guy whom she connects with. That's when the girls notice their bus is leaving without them. They find themselves stuck in Paris and when it starts to rain they go into a posh hotel to dry off. That's when they run into Cordelia Scott and spoiled British heiress who is there on instructions from her family to take part in some charity event, who looks like Grace. But she decides to blow it off and go some where and not tell anyone. They make Grace look like her and make her talk like her, when they go out, the hotel staff thinking Grace is Cordelia takes her to Cordelia's room where the girls sleep. The next day the staff tells Grace whom they think is Cordelia that her car is here to take her to the airport, Meg wants to forget it but Emma who is having a good time decides to go. They learn that they are going to Monte Carlo which is where the charity event will take place. When they arrive the son of the organizer, meets them and Grace takes a liking to him but has to continue acting like Cordelia. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with 18-year old Grace Ann Bennett (Selena Gomez) working at a diner with her best friend, Emma Danielle Perkins (Katie Cassidy), a high school dropout. Grace adds another pinch of change to her jar marked Graces Fund for Paris. At graduation, the valedictorian is speaking when Meg Kelly-Bennett (Leighton Meester), Graces uptight older stepsister, comes in late. Everybody turns to look, embarrassing Meg. That night, at dinner, Graces stepdad (Brett Cullen) announces that he has paid for all the girls to go on a trip to France. Meg, who does not want to go with the girls, refuses. She states that all her life she wanted to be friends with Emma Perkins, and now shes stuck on going on a soon-to-be-disastrous trip. The trip proves to be horrible, as they have been ripped off for a small suite and have a small amount of time to visit so many places. They get left behind by their tour guide and trudge through the streets as it rains, seeking coverage in a posh hotel. As the girls dry up and Grace goes into a stall, Cordelia Winthrop-Scott, a spoiled British heiress (Selena Gomez) comes in, complaining on her phone about a charity event she must attend. Meg and Emma, after Cordelia leaves, try to convince Grace that they look exactly alike, but Grace does not believe this until they return to the lobby and everyone mistakes her as Cordelia. The girls spend the night in Cordelias suite while Cordelia leaves to go elsewhere. As they leave the next day, they are attacked by hungry paparazzi with their cameras into Cordelias limo. They realize they are on their way to Monte Carlo. The next day, the girls meet Theo, the son of the philanthropist hosting Cordelia. Theo thinks of Cordelia is a snotty brat, and is cold to the girls. He escorts them to a ball, with Mika's "Love Today" is playing in the background, where Grace encounters a problem as she meets Cordelias suspicious Aunt Alicia. Emma, seeking the wealth she always wanted with her boyfriend Owen, dances with a prince. The girls return to the hotel. That afternoon, the girls relax on the beach. Emma and Meg make snide remarks to each other, Meg accusing Emma of wasting her life by dropping out of school to model, saying nobody ever missed her. Emma responded by saying Megs mother probably didnt miss Meg either, causing Meg to storm out and bump into Riley, someone she met while in France. Afterwards, Grace plays polo with Theo. Aunt Alicia, suspicious, calls Cordelias phone. The real Cordelia picks up, and later, Aunt Alicia confronts Grace, thinking that Cordelia has hired a lookalike to take her place while she parties wild. She threatens Grace, stating that if her plan foils, she will have her arrested for identity fraud. After the game, Theo takes Grace to a special place of his, and together they watch fireworks. At the same time, Emma is dining with the prince she met the night before. They are on a boat where a party is going is on, with Mika's "Relax (Take It Easy)" is playing in the background. She finds him to be obnoxious and arrogant as he makes a snide remark about her picking up the dishes, telling her there are people for that. She replies just as coldly: I know, grabs her things, then goes off to a different part of the boat. Meanwhile, Meg is with Riley. He tells her that he used to be a talented rugby player, but an injury kept him in the hospital for a year. He enjoys traveling. Meg opens up to him about her mother, who was hospitalized for almost two years. She tells him that she wanted to scream when people showed sympathy way too much, and Riley replies that maybe she should. She doesnt, but the two share a passionate moment. As the girls have fun, Owen, Emmas boyfriend, a truck-loving football player, comes to France to look for Emma. When he hears that the girls are in Monte Carlo, he goes there to win Emma back. Everything begins to crumble with Cordelias unexpected return. Theo, thinking that Cordelia is Grace, kisses her, causing him to get slapped. Cordelia then goes up to the room and out on the balcony, where, the girls, after cleaning the room, hid. Cordelia goes back in the room and throws away a half-eaten apple left behind by Meg, and then sees a newspaper about the girls in the trash can. She runs to go see if the prized Bvlagri necklace planned to be sold at an auction is still there. It is not, as Meg put it in Rileys backpack for safekeeping. Cordelia then calls the police. The girls chase after Riley, now on his way to Italy. They are too late, and go back to the hotel. Grace, in a moment of sheer determination, kisses Theo, causing him to tell a bellboy: I dont understand women. The manager asks if she requested the cops, and Grace tells him no. The three then proceed up to the suite, where they encounter Riley, who returns the necklace to them. The three confront Cordelia with the necklace now in their hands. Furious, Cordelia calls the police again, but Emma ties her up in another room while the police come. They say they heard screaming, in which Meg replies that Grace was so happy she found the necklace. The police go back down, and so does Meg. Upstairs, Emma meets with Owen. The two reconcile just as Cordelia escapes. By now Grace and Meg have gone to the charity event, which Cordelia crashes. She tells everyone that Grace is an imposter, shocking Theo. Cordelia demands Grace arrested, but nobody cares as her aunt Alicia has bought the necklace for $6 million Euros. Theo leaves. After the trip of a lifetime, Meg climbs atop an ancient ruin with Riley, and together they scream. At a place of their own, Emma cooks while Owen installs the dimmed lights she always wanted, and the two laugh. Grace, volunteering with children in Romania, travels to the post office just as Theo sees her. The two introduce themselves again, smiling. The credits role playing Mika's "Blame It On The Girls" and ending with Selena Gomez & The Scene's "Who Says". 
 Coco Before Chanel (2009)Summaries The story of Coco Chanel's rise from obscure beginnings to the heights of the fashion world. Several years after leaving the orphanage to which her father never returned for her, Gabrielle Chanel finds herself working in a provincial bar. She's both a seamstress for the performers and a singer, adopting the nickname Coco from her father in early childhood. A liaison with Baron Balsan gives her an entre into French society and a chance to develop her gift for designing increasingly popular hats. When she falls in love with English businessman Arthur Capel further opportunities open up, though life becomes ever more complicated. J-26 The life of Coco Chanel before her fame as a fashion designer is presented. Born with the name Gabrielle (Coco a nickname given to her from her singing the song, "Qui qu'a vu Coco dans l'Trocadro?"), she and her older sister Adrienne live in an orphanage in Obazine, France in their formative years following the death of their mother and being abandoned by their father. They stay together into their young adulthood, working as seamstresses during the day, and performing in a cabaret at night in Moulins. Fashion in an off-handed manner is already present in her being, she always decrying both their costumes and the general style of the day for women, both which are in her mind overly frilly and constraining. She and Adrienne are different personalities, Adrienne who aspires to that of most young women, love and marriage to a husband that will take care of her. Coco, on the other hand, has a streak of independence, bluntly speaking her mind, stretching the truth or lying to get what she wants, and not believing in love or a man in her life. She believes security can be had by getting to Paris and performing in the famous Alcazar. En route, she begins a symbiotic relationship of sorts with tienne Balsan, a wealthy stable owner who she met in Moulins. Through Blasan, Coco will meet two other people that play important parts in her life. One is actress Emilienne d'Alenon, who, while still adhering to the style of the day, admires certain aspects of Coco's own individual style, especially her simple straw hats. The other is English coal magnate Arthur Capel - nicknamed Boy - who may make Coco change her mind about love. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 