nm0002546:

 Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children (2005)431) An ex-mercenary is forced out of isolation when three mysterious men kidnap and brainwash the city's children afflicted with the Geostigma disease. Two years after the events in "Final Fantasy VII", a disease called 'Seikon-Shoukougun', or 'Geostigma', is spreading through the planet. This disease is believed to have been caused by the body fighting off foreign material that invaded the body two years earlier, at the end of "Final Fantasy VII". Guilt-ridden and haunted by his past, ex-SOLDIER Cloud Strife has decided to live a secluded, solitary life away from his friends while maintaining "Strife's Delivery Service", whose headquarters is located in Tifa Lockheart's bar, the Seventh Heaven. Tifa's bar serves as an orphanage for children stricken with Geostigma. Here, Tifa keeps an eye on Barret's six-year-old daughter, Marlene, while Barret searches the planet for an alternative energy source to the Planet's energy, Mako. One day, Cloud receives a phone call from the former Shinra, Inc. president, Rufus, asking him for protection from a mysterious man named Kadaj. Kadaj, in the meantime, along with his brothers Loz and Yazoo, are searching for their "mother", and seem to believe that Cloud knows where to find her. Meanwhile, Vincent Valentine has been wandering the planet gathering information on Kadaj's scheme, and Cloud and his friends must come together again to fight these new enemies. Andrea Two years after "Final Fantasy 7", life seems to have returned to a state of normality after Sephiroth's attempts at mass genocide and the danger of Meteor. On the edge of the ruins of the metropolis Midgar, a new city has thrived, called the Edge and at it's center lies a monument that entails no one will forget Meteor and the ones who died. Cloud Strife, the hero who defeated Sephiroth, is a delivery boy now, no longer interested in fighting wars or leading rebellions. The world is at peace, and AVALANCHE is gone it's separate ways. Tifa Lockheart has reopened the new 7th Heaven, in the Edge, looking after Marlene and other orphans, including Denzel. Barret Wallace is working with the WRO in finding new energy sources to supply the world now that Mako is no longer used. Cid Highwind is also working with the WRO, as an airship pilot and leader of their air fleet. Reeve (and Cait Sith) is now heading the WRO and working, striving, to create a better world for all. Vincent Valentine has returned to solace, switching his places between his mansion home in Nibleheim and the Sleeping Forest, and the Forgotten City. Yuffie Kirisagi is back in Wutai, though what the Ninja is doing is unknown to all. But despite this lull in adventure, there is something that is striving the world. Geostigma, the Sephiroth, JENOVA's memetic legacy. A disease that counters the body's own defence system in on itself and causes it to destroy itself. Rufus ShinRa, ex-President of Midgar, is a sufferer of the disease, along with the ex-SOLDIER Cloud, and lives now in his hide-away home the Healin Lodge with his faithful bodyguards, the Turks. But who are the mysterious silver haired band, known as Kadaj's Gang? Kadaj, Loz and Yazoo, all of silver hair and teal eyes. Who are these strange people, who appear so much like Sephiroth? Olek Tamarani Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a scene in an area surrounded by rock formations. A red, lion-like beast known as Red XIII (Liam O'Brien) can be seen with two younger members of the same species running along the cliff. Eventually, the three reach a cliffside, which they swiftly climb. The camera pans around to show the ruined city of Midgar, overrun with forests and vegetation, as Red XIII roars in the city's direction. The scene fades to a shot of a man in a black outfit with silvery hair wheeling another man in a wheelchair out of an elevator. The man in the wheelchair is covered in a white cloth, obscuring his identity. The two walk to the edge of the building, as they discuss a new disease that has struck the city of Edge: Geostigma. It is revealed that the man in the wheelchair is infected with Geostigma, due to the black bruise on his wrist area. The scene switches again to a shot of a mountain covered in snow. The Turks Tseng (Ryun Yu) and Elena (Bettina Bush), are heard talking to each other on a radio. A helicopter is then shown, its pilot being another Turk, Reno (Quinton Flynn). The helicopter then descends into what appears to be the Northern Crater, before disappearing in a snowstorm. Multiple gunshots are then heard on the radio, as Tseng and Elena cry out, appearing to have been shot. Elena tells Reno to get out of the crater, and the helicopter can then be seen exiting the crater and flying away. The scene fades into a scene in which Marlene Wallace (Grace Rolek) narrates a short summary of the events in Final Fantasy VII, as well as the current state of the city Edge. In summary, the Shinra Electric Power Company used the power of an energy source known as mako to drain the planet of a vital soul known as the Lifestream. Shinra also had a unique section of warriors known as SOLDIER. All SOLDIERs were to be injected with cells from a calamity known as JENOVA, which gave them unique and enhanced abilities. One unique SOLDIER was Sephiroth (George Newbern), regarded for his exceptional ability to fight with a six-feet-long katana. Sephiroth eventually found out about JENOVA, who he believed to be his "mother". Eventually, Sephiroth turned insane, burning down the village of Nibelheim and vowing to take revenge on Shinra and even the Planet itself. Sephiroth managed to obtain the Black Materia, which enabled him to summon an incredibly powerful magic known as Meteor, which was to strike the Planet. Another group of warriors, led by Cloud Strife (Steve Burton), attempted to stop Meteor by traveling to the center of the Planet to unlock Holy, the counterpart of Meteor. However, even Holy was not powerful enough, and the Planet was forced to call the Lifestream to stop Meteor. Meteor was destroyed, along with the city of Midgar, home of the Shinra corporation, and Sephiroth was killed by Cloud. The city of Edge built beside Midgar is shown, as well as the Midgar memorial, located in the center of the city plaza. Several of the city's children are infected with Geostigma, targeted because of their low immune systems. The inside of the bar "Seventh Heaven" is shown, where an orphan named Denzel (Benjamin Bryan) is shown lying on a bed, infected with Geostigma on his forehead. Tifa Lockhart (Rachael Leigh Cook) is shown answering a phone call for the absent Cloud Strife, saying that she "knows" the caller. The scene shifts again to an empty wasteland, where the Buster Sword is shown stabbed into a cliff, with a wolf behind it. A group of three silver-haired men known as the "Remnants of Sephiroth" riding motorcycles approach the cliffside overlooking Midgar and Edge, beside the Buster Sword. Their names are revealed to be Yazoo (Dave Wittenberg), Loz (Fred Tatasciore), and Kadaj (Steve Staley), Kadaj appearing to be their leader and also the man shown in the opening scene. The three discuss finding their "big brother" (Cloud) and their "mother" (JENOVA). The protagonist Cloud Strife is shown riding on a motorbike in the wasteland before he is ambushed by Yazoo and Loz. The two summon Shadow Creepers to attack Cloud as well as attack him themselves. Cloud reveals that his motorbike has hidden compartments that hold his various swords. However, as they fight, Cloud is distracted by a pain in his left arm. It is later revealed that Cloud has contracted Geostigma. Cloud is overwhelmed, but Kadaj calls Yazoo and Loz back before Cloud is finished off. Cloud then rides into the outskirts of Edge to find the mysterious caller. As he enters the building, Reno attempts to attack him. Cloud easily blocks the attack with one of his swords and locks Reno outside the building. The man in the wheelchair enters the room, accompanied by another Turk: Rude (Crispin Freeman). The man is then revealed to be Rufus Shinra, who was the president of the Shinra company before it was destroyed. Rufus reveals that the Turks were sent to the Northern Crater to look for remains of Sephiroth, but were ambushed by the Remnants. Shinra's plan is to find the remaining JENOVA cells before the Remnants do, or there is a chance that Sephiroth may be reborn. Geostigma is also suspected to have been caused by Sephiroth's soul, acting through the Remnants and his soul living in the Lifestream. Rufus offers Cloud the chance to help fix Shinra's mistakes and restore the Planet to what it was before Meteor, and also for protection from Kadaj's gang. Cloud however, refuses. There is a short scene of Tifa and Marlene visiting the church in the Sector Seven slums of Midgar, where Aerith Gainsborough (Mena Suvari) used to be. It is revealed that Cloud is now living in the Church. The two stay in the church and wait for Cloud to arrive. Kadaj has managed to infiltrate the building and defeat Reno and Rude alone. Rufus states that Kadaj and the Remnants are looking for "an object", which he says fell from the Turks helicopter as they fled the Northern Cave. Kadaj then displays the ID cards of Tseng and Elena, smeared with blood. Kadaj then explains the Reunion, which he says is an event in which his "brothers and sisters" will join with him, and they will take revenge on the Planet, and that the Geostigma are "invitations". He mentions that the Remnants can never be "whole" unless they receive JENOVA's cells. Kadaj then shows proof that he is in fact a reincarnation of Sephiroth by using Rufus's memories. Cloud is shown on the cliff with the Buster Sword. A flashback of the events in Crisis Core: Final Fantasy VII are then shown. Loz enters the church in the slums, saying that he is looking for "mother". When Tifa says that there is no one there, Loz attempts to take Marlene with him. Tifa retaliates, fighting Loz while displaying an impressive array of physical attacks. However, even after the fight, Loz remains unfazed and uses a device on his arm to disarm Tifa and to knock her unconscious. A girl living in Edge meets Denzel, and mentions that a group of people are going to "fix" the children affected by Geostigma. All the children, including Denzel, board the back of a pickup truck as Yazoo is revealed to be the leader of the operation. Cloud then enters the church and notices the unconscious Tifa. Tifa awakens and tells Cloud that Loz took Marlene before she drops unconscious again. Cloud then notices a searing pain in his arm as black slime drips from the Geostigma bruise and onto the flowers in the church. A quick sequence of images are shown, several of them with Sephiroth in them. The pain subdues Cloud and knocks him unconscious as well. Cloud wakes up in an inn, rescued by Reno and Rude. The two tell Cloud that the Remnants have kidnapped the children and taken them to an unknown location. When asked if he cares or not, Cloud does not reply. Meanwhile, the Forgotten City, Kadaj inspects a chest taken from the church by Loz. The chest is revealed to contain Materia linked with the power of the Lifestream. Kadaj takes the Materia, saying that "those powers will now be theirs". Tifa wakes up in the inn and attempts to convince Cloud to fight the Geostigma together with the children, instead of just giving up. Cloud reacts by saying that he can no longer help anyone, overridden with guilt. Reno and Rude then enter the room and reveal the location of Kadaj: the Forgotten City. Cloud sets off to find the children. Kadaj can be seen overlooking a small river with the children waiting on the other side. Kadaj tells the children that their "mother" has given them the gift to fight against the Planet. He says that they are destined to inherit JENOVA's legacy through the Lifestream. However, the Planet does not approve, and is fighting back through Geostigma. Kadaj now tells the children that he will heal them, and steps into the river, tainting it with JENOVA's presence. The children are told to then drink the water, and they comply, including Denzel. As he rides through the Forgotten Forest, the deceased Aerith uses the Lifestream to contact him. She asks Cloud why he came to the Forest. Cloud responds by saying that he just wants to be forgiven. When Aerith asks by who, the scene ends and Cloud returns to riding his motorbike through the Forest. Gunshots suddenly erupt as bullet fly past Cloud. In front of him, he notices the Remnants, firing at him from a distance. With the added power of the Materia, the Remnants are more powerful. Kadaj signals, and the children drop down from the trees above, now brainwashed and under Kadaj's control. Cloud is forced to stop to avoid hitting the children, and falls off the motorbike. Cloud and the Remnants then fight in the Forest. Cloud appears to be overwhelmed from the very start, outnumbered three to one. With their Remnant synchronization, the three men quickly subdue Cloud. However, Vincent Valentine (Steve Blum), an old friend of Cloud, appears and saves Cloud, taking him away to another part of the Forest. Cloud drops his cell phone in the process. Vincent explains that the Geostigma is the result of an infection brought about by the soul of JENOVA attacking the bodies of the children through the Lifestream. If the Remnants managed to obtain JENOVA's cells, they could recreate Sephiroth. Marlene appears from the bushes, telling Cloud that she managed to escape from Kadaj while they were fighting. Cloud tells Vincent to take Marlene back to Edge while he goes to talk to Rufus, but Vincent denies. Marlene becomes fed up with Cloud, asking why he never cared about them. Cloud reflects on his past conversations with Tifa on the same topic, realizing that fighting alone isn't going to get anywhere. Cloud then agrees to take Marlene to Edge. The next scene shows Cloud's cell phone falling to the bottom of a small pond, while the numerous messages from his friends are being played. As the phone reaches the bottom, a message from Aerith plays, saying that she never blamed him for anything. The screen then turns black. Meanwhile in Edge, Yazoo and Loz have surrounded the Midgar monument with the still-brainwashed children, watching as the citizens protest. Annoyed, Yazoo summons the Shadow Creepers to drive away the citizens. In the chaos, Tifa finds the brainwashed Denzel standing in the circle, who does not respond to her. On the other side of the circle, Yazoo and Loz begin to tear down the monument, believing that JENOVA's cells are hidden within. Reno and Rude show up, ready for battle. Yazoo taunts them about not being trusted by Rufus, and Reno responds by attacking. The scene flashes to Kadaj conversing with Rufus on the same building as in the opening scene. Kadaj explains that Sephiroth is returning, and it will not be long before the reunion arrives. He also explains that he must be the one to make the Planet accept JENOVA, in order to make his "mother" happy. However, it is also mentioned that Kadaj may be slightly jealous of Sephiroth for his relationship with JENOVA. Kadaj then uses the new Materia to fire a Summon into the sky, summoning Bahamut SIN, which he believes will end all the chaos. As Bahamut SIN approaches the Midgar monument, the crowd begins to retreat. Tifa continues to talk to Denzel, but he still does not respond. Reno and Rude notice the giant dragon and attempt to save the children by carrying them away from the monument. However, Bahamut SIN uses an blue energy blast to destroy the monument, causing an explosion that knocks Reno and Rude to the ground. Yazoo and Loz continue to fight Reno and Rude. During the fight, Yazoo mentions that all they want "is to be with mother". The two Remnants overpower the Turks quickly. They continue to fight. Denzel, whose own mind was restored by the blast, wakes up from unconsciousness and sees Tifa still unconscious. In an angry rage, he charges towards Bahamut SIN, however, Barret Wallace (Beau Billingslea), shows up behind him and stops him, while using his machine-gun arm to fire at Bahamut SIN. Other friends of Cloud and Tifa show up as well, including Yuffie Kisaragi (Christy Carlson Romano), Cid Highwind (Chris Edgerly),Vincent Valentine, Red XIII, and Cait Sith (Greg Ellis). Cloud also rides in on his motorbike, saying that he feels "lighter". As the group fights Bahamut SIN, Cloud enters the battle and fights the dragon himself, using two swords. All of his attacks appear to have no effect, until Cloud uses his Braver limit to knock the dragon down to the ground. However, Bahamut SIN begins to charge a massive blue energy blast and flies up high into the sky. Meanwhile, Kadaj is still talking with Rufus on the building. Rufus then stands up, revealing that he is not crippled at all, and removes the white cloth, revealing his true identity to Kadaj. Kadaj stares in complete shock at the black box in Rufus's hand. Rufus was in possession of the JENOVA cells all along, which he quickly tosses over the edge of the building, saying "A good son would have known.". Kadaj screams in agony as he launches a blast at Rufus. Cloud manages to reach the dragon's height with the help of his friends just as Bahamut releases the massive blast. Cloud enters the blast and attempts to reach the other side. The spirit of Aerith appears from the Lifestream and helps Cloud reach the other side of the blast and charge at Bahamut SIN. Cloud uses his Climhazzard limit to finish off the dragon as the blast crashes harmlessly into a construction area. As Cloud lands, Kadaj launches an energy blast at Rufus, who intentionally falls off the building. Rufus then retrieves a gun from his pocket and begins to fire at Kadaj, who also jumps off the building. Kadaj manages to fall faster than Rufus, and desperately tries to retrieve the JENOVA cells before they hit the ground. However, one of Rufus's bullets hits the box, tearing it open and spilling several of the greenish cells. Elena and Tseng then appear and launch two nets through the air, which catch the falling Rufus. Kadaj safely lands in front of Yazoo, Loz, Reno, and Rude. Kadaj then spots Cloud speeding towards them on his motorcycle. Him, Yazoo and Loz board their own motorcycles and take off towards the uncompleted highway just as Cloud follows them in a chase. As Cloud desperately tries to catch up to Kadaj, Yazoo and Loz distract him by attacking. Eventually, Kadaj takes a ramp to the higher levels. Cloud tries to follow, but is cut off by Loz and is forced to stay on the lower levels. Cloud, Yazoo and Loz enter a sealed overpass, in which they attack Cloud brutally. Cloud however, manages to destroy Loz's motorcycle and both of their weapons, using two of his swords. Cloud speeds ahead as Loz boards Yazoo's motorcycle. Reno and Rude take positions in front of the three as they set up explosives on the highway. Cloud drives past both of them, but Yazoo and Loz are caught in the gigantic explosion. The explosion propels Cloud to the higher levels and he engages Kadaj in battle. Eventually, the highway ends, and the two are sent flying into the ruins of Midgar. Kadaj manages to lose Cloud in the ruins, and decides to stop in Aerith's church to examine the black box. Rufus's bullet tore a long crack in the side, and Kadaj peers through the hole and cries out in realizing that he has finally found his "mother". Cloud enters the church as Kadaj launches a blast at one of the pillars, knocking it down and using it as a ramp to ride to the higher floors. He launches another blast at Cloud, knocking him off his motorcycle. Kadaj prepares to finish him off, but Aerith uses the Great Gospel to call sacred water into the church, curing Cloud's Geostigma and causing Kadaj to flee, as the water harms JENOVA's cells. Cloud follows the path where Kadaj fled, and eventually ends up in an open area in front of the ruined Shinra Headquarters, located in the heart of Midgar. Kadaj confronts Cloud, saying that "mother will tell me what to do next". Cloud responds by calling Kadaj a remnant, a puppet of JENOVA. Kadaj responds violently by attacking Cloud, saying that he was once a puppet too. The two fight among the ruins. Eventually, the rest of Cloud's friends arrive via Cid's airship, the Sherra. Barret says that they should help Cloud, but Tifa says that the fight belongs to Cloud, and not to them. She also says that Cloud has recovered the strength that they had lost after the last battle with Sephiroth. The battle continues between Cloud and Kadaj. Kadaj attempts a final attack, lunging at Cloud from above. Cloud uses the Finishing Touch limit to launch Kadaj into the air. Kadaj manages to hang onto the edge of a structure, but loses his sword in the process. Cloud approaches Kadaj, whose grip is slowly slipping. Kadaj tries a final attempt to stop Cloud by tossing the black box at him, which Cloud slashes. The box flies through the air, but has now opened. Kadaj launches himself upward and catches the box while falling down the valley. Kadaj retrieves the cells from within the box, saying that his reunion is finally here. Kadaj fuses with the cells as he continues to fall. Cloud jumps after him. Kadaj somehow lands harmlessly, and Cloud brings down his sword. However, Cloud's sword has hit an invisible barrier, separating the sword from Kadaj, who has now fully transformed into Sephiroth. Sephiroth's long katana then appears, which is what blocked Cloud's attack. Sephiroth slashes Cloud, launching him upward through the air and onto a rooftop. Sephiroth jumps after him. Sephiroth notices that Cloud's Geostigma is gone, and says that it is "too bad". He then tells Cloud that his only goal is to sail through the cosmos using the Planet as a vessel, just as JENOVA did long ago. Eventually, they will find a new planet, and will create a new future for humanity, leaving the old Planet in the hands of the people still on it. Cloud vows to stop him, and engages Sephiroth in a final battle. Throughout the entire battle, Sephiroth appears to have the upper hand, blocking every attack that Cloud uses. Eventually, Sephiroth tells Cloud that he has found a "present" for him, and leads him to the ruined Shinra Headquarters again. As Sephiroth slashes Cloud downward, Cloud uses two of his swords as ledges to stay on the building. Sephiroth uses unknown strength to split the Shinra building in half, and collapses the half down towards the two of them. The two continue to fight in the debris of the falling building. Cloud eventually decides to flee the scene, fleeing to another building and almost collapsing in exhaustion. Sephiroth continues to attack relentlessly, launching Cloud against the side of a building and stabbing him in the shoulder, pinning him against the surface. Sephiroth then tells Cloud to tell him what he cherishes most, so that he may take it away from him. Cloud calls upon his friend's memories and pulls out the sword, diving into the air and tells Sephiroth that he cherishes everything. Cloud then uses his new technique, the Omnislash Version 5, to defeat Sephiroth. Before Sephiroth fades, he tells Cloud that he will never be just a memory, and transforms back into the defeated Kadaj. Kadaj attempts to attack Cloud again, but loses his strength and collapses. Aerith then calls out the Kadaj, telling him that everyone is waiting for him. Kadaj then joins the Lifestream, dissolving in a green stream. Sacred rain begins to fall from the sky, curing everybody in the city of Geostigma. However, as Cloud looks up to the sky, a bullet suddenly pierces his body, and he collapses. The camera shifts to expose the fading Yazoo, who fired the bullet. Loz is beside him, also fading away because of the rain. Using the last of his strength, Cloud charges at the two. Yazoo and Loz then overcharge their Materia, causing a massive explosion. Cloud's friends watch from the airship in horror as Cloud is caught in the blast and killed. The scene fades to Cloud's body floating in the Lifestream, as the wolf representing Cloud's guilt, fades away. The voices of Aerith and Zack Fair (Rick Gomez), Cloud's old friend, are heard. Aerith decides that Cloud isn't ready to die yet, and revives him. Cloud wakes up in the church, where a pool of sacred water has collected. All of Cloud's friends are there, including several of the citizens of Edge, and all the children. Red XIII tells Cloud that Denzel is still infected with Geostigma, due to him being indoors during the Great Gospel. Tifa then brings Denzel, who is still scared because of his previous experience with "sacred water", to the pool. Cloud then pours the water over Denzel's head, curing his Geostigma. Everybody rejoices as Cloud looks at the entrance of the church, where the spirits of Aerith and Zack are seen. Before they leave, Aerith tells Cloud that everything is now alright. Cloud acknowledges, and says that he finally realizes that he is not alone. 
 Loser (2000)44) A college student, branded a loser by his roommates and booted from the dorm, falls in love with a coed who has eyes for their condescending professor. Is there room in Manhattan for a decent kid? Can a young woman see past a cad to true love? Paul, from rural upstate, comes to New York City for college. To keep his scholarship, he must study hard and do well. That makes him a loser to his partying roommates who connive to kick him out of their suite. He's assigned a room in an animal hospital. In class he meets Dora, a pretty coed who needs a job to pay for school, and who's the very young lover of their sarcastic and selfish lit professor. When Dora is slipped some drugs at a party, Paul nurses her back to health, and a friendship follows. For Paul, though, it's more than friendly feelings. Can they work things out for them to become a truly lucky couple? <jhailey@hotmail.com> On a university scholarship, a good-natured student from the midwest gets a crash course in city life while dealing with three evil roommates. He befriends a virtually homeless college student whom he falls for but whom dates a nasty professor. Mystic80 Clueless Midwesterner Paul Tannek arrives in New York City to go to college at NYU only to run into one complication and mishap after another. When Paul is branded a loser by his three outgoing dorm roommates (who then boot him from their room), he's relocated to a spare room at a veterinary clinic where, by accident, Dora Diamond, a fellow coed who is dating their unscrupulous literacy professor, falls under his care following an overdose. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 American Beauty (1999)761) A sexually frustrated suburban father has a mid-life crisis after becoming infatuated with his daughter's best friend. After his death sometime in his forty-third year, suburbanite Lester Burnham tells of the last few weeks of his life, during which he had no idea of his imminent passing. He is a husband to real estate agent Carolyn Burnham and father to high school student Janie Burnham. Although Lester and Carolyn once loved each other, they now merely tolerate each other. Typical wallflower Janie too hates both her parents, the three who suffer individually in silence in their home life. Janie tries to steer clear of both her parents. Carolyn, relatively new to the real estate business, wants to create the persona of success to further her career, she aspiring to the professional life of Buddy Kane, the king of the real estate business in their neighborhood. Lester merely walks mindlessly through life, including at his job in advertising. His company is downsizing, and he, like all the other employees, has to justify his position to the newly hired efficiency expert to keep his job. Things change for Lester when he falls in love at first sight with Janie's more experienced classmate, Angela Hays. Both Janie and Angela can see Lester's sexual infatuation with Angela, who courts such attention from any man as a sign that she is model material, she having once appeared in Seventeen and it a career to which she aspires. Lester's infatuation with Angela gives him a reenergized view on life, where he openly doesn't care anymore what anyone thinks about what he does, anyone except Angela. This infatuation coincides with the Fittses moving in next door: homophobic disciplinarian US Marine Colonel Frank Fitts who rules the house with a military fist (that fist being both figurative and literal), his semi-comatose wife Barbara Fitts, and their bright and quietly subversive eighteen year old son Ricky Fitts, who openly abides by his father's rules while behind the scenes lives by his own quite different perspective. Much like Lester's infatuation, Ricky immediately becomes infatuated with Janie, he who considers girls like Angela as ordinary. The entry of Angela and the Fittses into the Burnhams' lives ultimately leads to each of the players confronting what is truly in his or her heart. Huggo It takes courage to openly admit that you have failed in almost every aspect of your life; and that's exactly what the unhappy advertiser and self-declared loser, Lester Burnham, does: he uninhibitedly embraces his failure as a father, as a husband, and as a professional. With Lester's high-strung wife, Carolyn, and his always sullen teenage daughter, Jane, loving to express their glaring contempt, the fond memories of a once-happy existence rapidly start to fade; however, the fragrant apparition of Angela--an off-limits object of desire--reminds Lester what life used to be, or better yet, what it can be. Now, for the first time, the unloved Lester wants out of his endless suburban slumber, thirsting for a drastic change and a superbly shameless transformation--all in the name of love, and above all, lost beauty. Nick Riganas Lester and Carolyn Burnham are, on the outside, a perfect husband and wife in a perfect house in a perfect neighborhood. But inside, Lester is slipping deeper and deeper into a hopeless depression. He finally snaps when he becomes infatuated with one of his daughter's friends. Meanwhile, his daughter Jane is developing a happy friendship with a shy boy-next-door named Ricky, who lives with an abusive father. Jessie Skinner <eietherbinge@hotmail.com> Lester Burnham is suffering a mid-life crisis that affects the lives of members of his family, which is made up of his super bitch of a wife, Carolyn and rebelling daughter Jane, who hates him. Carolyn is a real estate agent, a little too wrapped up in her job, who takes on an affair with business rival Buddy Kane. Meanwhile Jane seems to fall in love with Ricky Fitts, the strange boy next door, who is a drug dealer/documentarian and lives under a roof governed by a very strict marine father and a speechless mother. Lester's mid-life crisis causes him to drastically change his life around when he quits his job and works at a fast food restaurant. He starts working out to gain the attention of Angela (a friend of Jane's) who brags about her sexual exploits every weekend. Lives change and not for the best. Mystic80 Lester Burnham is having his mid-life crisis. He is rebelling against his bitch-on-wheels wife Carolyn and his self-absorbed uncaring daughter Jane. After attending a cheerleader competition at Jane's high school, he meets Jane's friend Angela, whom he develops an infatuation for and decides he is going to turn his life around. He quits his high paying job to work at a fast food restaurant and decides to re-live his 20s. The impact his behavior has on the others around him changes and not for the better. Ryan Harder <hotshotharder@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lester Burnham (Kevin Spacey) is a 42-year-old father, husband and advertising executive who serves as the film's narrator. Lester's relationship with his wife Carolyn (Annette Bening), a materialistic and ambitious realtor who feels that she is unsuccessful at fulfilling her potential, is strained. His 16-year-old daughter Jane (Thora Birch) is unhappy and struggling with self-esteem issues. Lester himself is a self-described loser: boring, faceless and easy to forget. Lester is reinvigorated, however, when he meets Jane's friend and classmate, the egotistical Angela Hayes (Mena Suvari) at a high school basketball game. Lester immediately develops an obvious infatuation with Angela, much to his daughter's embarrassment. Throughout the film, Lester has fantasies involving a sexually aggressive Angela and red rose petals. The Burnhams' new neighbors are Col. Frank Fitts, USMC (Chris Cooper), his distracted wife Barbara (Allison Janney), and his camcorder-obsessed and marijuana-selling son Ricky (Wes Bentley). When confronted with the gay couple living two doors down, Col. Fitts displays a distinctly bigoted attitude. Over the course of a few days, each of the Burnhams individually makes a life-changing choice. Carolyn meets real estate rival Buddy Kane (Peter Gallagher) for a business lunch and ends up beginning an affair with him, and later takes up shooting lessons (a suggestion of Kane's). Lester blackmails his boss Brad Dupree (Barry Del Sherman) for $60,000, quits his job, and takes up low-pressure employment as a burger-flipper at a fast food chain. He continues to liberate himself by trading in his Toyota Camry for his dream car, a 1970 Pontiac Firebird, starts working out to impress Angela, and starts smoking a genetically-enhanced form of marijuana supplied to him by Ricky. Jane, while growing distant from Angela, develops a romantic relationship with Ricky, having bonded over what he considers to be his most beautiful camcorder footage he has ever filmed, that of a plastic grocery bag dancing in the wind. The two begin a sexual relationship. One night after sex, while Ricky records her, Jane talks to Ricky about how unsatisfying her life is and how indifferent her parents seem toward her and each other. Jane seems to have more complaints about her father, especially his attraction to Angela and that someone should kill him to put him out of his misery. Ricky asks her if she'd like him to kill Lester for her. She coldly replies that she would. Col. Fitts, concerned over the growing relationship between Lester and Ricky, roots through his son's possessions, finding footage of Lester working out in the nude (captured by chance while Ricky was filming Jane through her bedroom window)- slowly bringing him to the incorrect conclusion that his son is gay. Buddy and Carolyn are found out by Lester, who seems to be mostly unfazed by his wife's infidelity. Carolyn, who is almost more devastated by Lester's indifference than by her being exposed as an adulteress, is further dismayed when Buddy reacts by breaking off the affair. As evening falls, Ricky returns home to find his father waiting for him with fists and vitriol, having mistaken his drug rendezvous with Lester for a sexual affair. Realizing this as an opportunity for freedom, Ricky falsely agrees that he is gay and goads his violent father until he is thrown out. Ricky rushes to Jane's house and asks her to flee with him to New York City - something she agrees to, much to the dismay of Angela, who quickly protests. Ricky shoots her down with her deepest fear: that she is boring and completely ordinary and uses her "friends", like Jane, to boost her public image. Broken and dismayed, Angela storms out of the room, leaving Jane and Ricky to reconcile. Lester finds an emotionally fragile Col. Fitts standing outside in the pouring rain and attempts to comfort him, but is taken by surprise when Fitts kisses him. Lester gently rebuffs him, telling him he has the wrong idea. Fitts, shamed and broken, wanders back into the rain. Meanwhile, Carolyn sits alone in her car on the side of the road, holding her gun and becoming more and more infuriated at the day's turn of events. Moments later, Lester finds a distraught Angela and is on the edge of consummating their relationship sexually, but the seduction is derailed when she confesses that she is a virgin. Now viewing her only as an innocent child, Lester immediately withdraws, his affections shifting to that of a father-figure, and they bond over their shared frustrations with and concern for Jane, Lester seeming to be pleased when Angela confesses that Jane's in love. Angela asks how he's feeling and he realizes, to his own surprise, that he feels great. After Angela excuses herself to the bathroom, a happy Lester sits at the table looking at a photograph of his family in happier times, unaware of the gun being held to the back of his head. A gunshot rings out; Angela hears it in the bathroom. Lester is found by Jane and Ricky. Ricky stares directly into Lester's eyes, seemingly fascinated with his corpse, before he and the crying Jane leave. Carol finds Lester dead and goes immediately to his closet, wailing over his things. In his final narration, Lester looks back on the events of his life, intertwined with images of everyone's reactions to the sound of the subsequent gunshot, including one of a bloody and shaken Col. Fitts with a gun missing from his collection. Despite his death, Lester, from his vantage point as narrator, is content: "I guess I could be really pissed off about what happened to me... but it's hard to stay mad, when there's so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like I'm seeing it all at once, and it's too much, my heart fills up like a balloon that's about to burst... and then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold on to it, and then it flows through me like rain. And I can't feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life. You have no idea what I'm talking about, I'm sure. But don't worry... you will someday." 
 American Pie (1999)431) Four teenage boys enter a pact to lose their virginity by prom night. Jim, Oz, Finch and Kevin are four friends who make a pact that before they graduate they will all lose their virginity. The hard job now is how to reach that goal by prom night. Whilst Oz begins singing to grab attention and Kevin tries to persuade his girlfriend, Finch tries any easy route of spreading rumors and Jim fails miserably. Whether it is being caught on top of a pie or on the Internet, Jim always ends up with his trusty sex advice from his father. Will they achieve their goal of getting laid by prom night? Or will they learn something much different? Film_Fan At a high-school party, four friends (Jim, Kevin, Finch, and Oz) find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to try to be the first to "score." And of course, the senior prom is their last best chance. As the fateful date draws near, the boys wonder who among them will get lucky. More importantly, do they really want to do it at all? Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. American Pie, set in the year 1999, focuses on a group of four close friends in their senior year at the fictional East Great Falls High School in west Michigan; Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Chris "Oz" Ostreicher (Chris Klein), Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who is better known by his surname. Kevin is confident and charming and is dating his long-term girlfriend, Vicky Lathum (Tara Reid); Oz is a laid-back member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim is socially awkward and sexually nave and suffers pressure and questionable advice from his father (Eugene Levy); while Finch is a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate who plays golf and wears sports jackets. The four have very differing personalities, but share a common characteristic; they are all virgins, in sharp contrast to popular lacrosse player and arrogant jock Steve Stifler (Seann William Scott), whose wild, extravagant house parties they are regularly invited to. While at one of Stifler's such parties, the four each attempt to score with various girls at the party with very limited success. Oz is humiliated by an older girl, Finch is too late for the party and Jim attempts to talk to Czechoslovakian exchange student Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), but fails completely. Kevin receives fellatio from Vicky, but she overhears him complaining about it to Jim and promptly dumps him. The next morning, the four wake up hungover and depressed, to find ultra-nerd Chuck "Sherminator" Sherman (Chris Owen) seeing off a pretty girl, and are left shocked and frustrated when The Sherminator claims that he lost his virginity to her the same night. Kevin decides to take a stand and defiantly declares that the four will make a pact, to lose their virginity before the school prom and graduation. Later, while eating breakfast in a restaurant, they toast each other to 'the next step' and formulate individual plans to achieve sexual success. Kevin immediately sets out to win Vicky back, but has to work very hard to even get a chance with her, and begins to seek advice from others. Vicky's best friend Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) reveals to Kevin that, despite his thinking otherwise, Vicky has never felt an orgasm from Kevin, and that he has to work on that above everything else. His older brother Tom (Casey Affleck) then passes onto Kevin the secret of 'The Bible' - a manual of love and sex compiled by various East Great Falls students over several decades. Both Jessica and Tom divulge their advice only after Kevin stresses he wants to make Vicky happy, rather than simply taking advantage of her for his pact. Kevin finally seizes a chance to make things up with Vicky, and performs oral sex on her in her bedroom using his new techniques. Vicky experiences an intense orgasm and is driven wild by Kevin, winning him the promise of sex at the prom after-party in the process. Meanwhile, Oz joins the school's jazz choir in an effort to lose his stereotyped reputation as a muscleheaded lacrosse jock and find a loving girlfriend there. He is mocked relentlessly at first by his friends and the other choir members, but soon wins the attention of Heather (Mena Suvari), one of the choir singers who also suffers being stereotyped as a priss. She swiftly asks him out to the prom with her, but changes her mind upon seeing Stifler and his friends mocking her, and assuming Oz was doing the same. A desperate Oz volunteers to become lead vocalist alongside Heather to try and regain her trust. He succeeds when she catches him tirelessly rehearsing alone in the theatre, and pays him a visit after-hours at the sandwich bar he works at to reconcile. Their relationship is dealt another blow when Oz realizes his last ever lacrosse game for East Great Falls clashes with the choir competition, but a frustrated Oz decides to abandon the game halfway-through and rushes over to the music hall, where he makes it just in time. He performs the long-awaited duet with Heather to rapturous applause from the audience, including Kevin and Jim themselves. After Oz describes third base to Jim as "like warm apple pie", a curious Jim temporarily loses his sanity and has full missionary sex with a freshly-baked apple pie left on the table by his mother (giving the film its eponymous title). His father walks in on the act and is left stunned and disappointed by his son's actions. Now almost without hope, Jim has a stroke of luck when Nadia, seemingly at random, asks him if she can come round to his house and study with him. After dropping the crucial detail that she'll be coming straight from ballet practice and will need to change, Stifler persuades Jim to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch Nadia stripping together over the internet. Upon Nadia's arrival, Jim sets up the webcam and dashes across the street to join Kevin and Finch at Kevin's house. Against expectation, an almost-naked Nadia discovers Jim's pornography collection and begins to passionately masturbate on his bed, causing a riotous reaction from Stifler, Kevin and Finch on the other end, as well as Stifler's young brother Matt (Eli Marienthal). Kevin and Finch force Jim to go back and seduce her while the moment lasts, which ends with Nadia forcing Jim to strip and dance for her while she reads his pornography. By now, various groups of East Great Falls seniors, including members of Blink 182, are watching the live action in excited anticipation, as Sherman reveals that Jim accidentally addressed the webcam link to everybody in the entire school directory. Nadia then seduces Jim and sits him down next to her on the bed, but unfortunately, he prematurely ejaculates, disappointing Nadia and completely grossing out his live web audience. A desperate Jim pleads for Nadia not to go and wins her around, but when Nadia takes her panties off, he involuntarily ejaculates again upon touching her clitoris. Nadia swiftly exits, leaving Jim a nervous wreck. The next day, Jim has become the laughing stock of the entire high school and is left despondent and depressed, especially upon hearing that Nadia has been immediately sent back home to Czechoslovakia by her sponsors after the incident. However, he senses luck when unpopular band geek Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) randomly begins to talk to him. Upon revealing she knows nothing about the webcam incident, he seizes the opportunity to ask her out to the prom with him, which she gleefully accepts. Finch at first appears to have no plan, but Kevin's suspicions arise when corroborative rumours begin flying around the school that Finch has legendary sexual prowess, has had relations with older women, and that he even knocked out Stifler in a fight. Kevin investigates and discovers that Finch paid Jessica $200 to spread the rumours under the pretense of truth. Finch quickly becomes the most talked-about and most awe-inspiring senior in the whole school, with hordes of girls desperate to go to the prom with him. However, Stifler, angry about the rumours against him, spikes Finch's mochaccino with laxatives, and promptly dupes him into using the girls' restroom, where Finch suffers explosive diarrhea in the presence of several senior girls. Afterwards, he emerges to a torrent of mockery, laughter and abuse from a hysterical crowd of seniors, with Stifler at the helm, and is left humiliated, broken and completely dateless. The prom night finally comes around. Finch is the only one of the four who attends alone, but Jessica, also alone and feeling guilty for taking his money, offers to dance with him, even giving him a brand new hip flask as a gift for his troubles. The prom itself is cheap, tacky and uneventful and derided by most of the students, but a cocky, bragging Kevin sees it as a good time to query his friends for a "status check" on their pact. Oz and Finch are disinterested, and a burnt-out Jim lets loose and rages at Kevin for causing all the pressure, insisting that sex isn't at all as important as they previously made out. The outburst shatters Kevin's bravado and makes him wonder whether things will truly go as planned between him and Vicky. However, their spirits are all collectively lifted, when Chuck Sherman's partner at the prom gets up onto the stage and announces in front of everybody that Chuck is a liar and is actually still a virgin. Chuck wets himself in embarrassment, and the four boys excitedly catch the bus to Stifler's huge post-prom party at his mansion on Lake Michigan. As the party begins to gain traction, the four boys all individually fulfill their pact with almost no conscious effort. Kevin and Vicky go to an upstairs bedroom where they finally have sex for the first time, but their desires for perfection and timing cause the interaction to become rigid and awkward throughout. While walking along the lakeside, an emotional Oz confesses the pact to Heather, who becomes wary, but he renounces the pact and declares that he's already won just by being with her at the prom. They passionately embrace each other at the dockside, naturally and fluidly moving into their first sexual experience. Meanwhile, Jim is snoozing through Michelle's immature band camp stories, but chokes on his drink when she reveals she knows more about orgasms than she's letting on. Michelle leads him upstairs, where she reveals she actually knew all along about the webcam incident, only accepting Jim's date because he was a "sure thing". Jim finally gets to have disaster-free sex, but Michelle is dominant and violently aggressive, shouting abuse at Jim, roughing him up and smashing things up with her hands and feet out of sheer passion. Finally, a bored Finch wanders around restricted areas of the house and bumps into Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whose aura and natural beauty takes him aback. After some sophisticated, upper-class conversation and flirting, she becomes aroused by Finch's precociousness, and they proceed to make love on the snooker table as the party goes on through the night. Dawn breaks early the next morning over Stifler's mansion, which is littered with sleeping seniors. Oz watches the sun rise with a smile as Heather snuggles into his lap at the lakeside, the couple looking extremely content. Kevin and Vicky are also awake, but both are contemplative and neither seem happy. Vicky amicably breaks up with Kevin, citing their separation due to their choice of university and the physical distance it causes, a topic she discussed earlier with Jessica. Kevin is left saddened, but accepts Vicky's reasoning. Meanwhile, Jim wakes up and goes to cuddle Michelle in bed, only to find himself hugging an inflatable toy shark with no Michelle in sight. He quickly realizes Michelle used and abused him for a sordid one night stand, but is left brimming with happiness at how cool the prospect of being used is. Finally, Finch is asleep with Stifler's mom when a hungover Stifler enters the room; he is so shocked at the sight that he collapses and passes out. Later on, Kevin, Oz, Jim and Finch all go to their favorite hang-out restaurant, the fittingly-named "Dog Years", for breakfast. Far from celebrating their pact with stories, they all remain very conservative and hushed about their experiences the night before, with Oz gleefully refusing to even confirm whether he had sex or not. Regardless, the four lads are now collectively happier than they ever were before, and once again toast each other to 'the next step' as they prepare to leave high school and move away to university. The film ends with Jim setting up his webcam in his room once again, and stripping and dancing to country music. Nadia is on the other end, back in her home country, smiling and laughing at Jim. His father walks in on the act, but sees the funny side. He walks out and starts dancing down the corridor, presumably to make love to his wife, as he seductively mutters "sweetheart!". 