nm0004955:

 Miss Match (2003)Summaries The series centered on a Los Angeles matrimonial attorney who doubled as a high-end matchmaker, even though her own love life is less than perfect. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Venice the Series (2009 )Summaries Focuses on the life of Gina Brogno, a single, gay, self-made interior designer living and working in Venice Beach, California, as she tries to navigate her love life while dealing with lifelong issues with her family. Venice the Series is Co-Created by Crystal Chappell and Kim Turrisi. Venice focuses on the life of Gina Brogno - a single, gay, self-made interior designer - living and working in Venice Beach, California. The plot follows Gina's human experience in connection with her various love interests, brother Owen, father - the Colonel, and a myriad of other characters that make up Gina's network of relationships. Gina is a strong, confident, and complex career woman who navigates her relations with people through an intense yet thoughtful prism. The convergence of Gina's experiences with a progressive, bohemian, and urban backdrop; provides an electrifying plot journey. The storyline offers the best of traditional soap romance, love stories, tragic happenings, and hairpin turns; done in a new, savvy, edgy format with unique character development, diversity of character, and tantalizing plot portrayal. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Passions (19992008)Summaries In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. In the world of power and money, the wealthy and powerful Crane family rule the town of Harmony from their mansion on Raven Hill. But behind the money are many lies and secrets. Most of what the Cranes do affects the other core families: the working class Bennets, the Russells, and the Lopez-Fitzgeralds. The wealthy Hotchkiss family cause's a lot of problems in Harmony. They are heavily involved with the much wealthier Crane family. And everyone must watch out for Tabitha Lenox, who is thought to be the crazy neighbor of the Bennets, but is actually a 300 year old witch who plays god with all of their lives. The powerful Crane family, headed in Harmony by the slow-witted Julian, who's really just a puppet of his faceless father Alistair, attempts to control all of the goings-on in the town. Julian recently found that Alistair's heir, Ethan, is not his son, but police chief Sam Bennett's. The secret's revelation was manipulated by Julian's new love, Rebecca Hotchkiss, who's plotting to get her daughter, Gwen, back together with Ethan. Ethan is engaged to the beautiful Theresa Lopez-Fitzgerald, who was a virgin until, she and Ethan made love just past midnight on their wedding day. Theresa's brother, Luis, is engaged to Sheridan Crane, and Alistair plotted to have Julian kill Sheridan with a poisoned wedding ring to prevent her marriage to Luis. If Luis gains access to the Crane estate, he might just solve the mystery of his father, Martin Fitzgerald's, long ago disappearance. Eve Russel, the town doctor, had an affair with Julian before she met her husband T.C. The relationship produced a son, who she thought had died, but who may or may not be Chad Harris - an orphan who came to town looking for his parents, and fell in love with Eve's daughter, Whitney. Eve's other daughter, Simone, also loves Chad - which has created a rather interesting love triangle, since Whitney recently promised a near-dead Simone that if she would come back, Whitney would never see Chad again. Tabitha Lennox, as it turns out, is rather inconsequential thus far, but she provides plenty of comic relief. stephanie boone It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 