nm0000969:

 Renaissance Man (1994)Summaries A failed businessman is hired by the army to teach a group of underachieving recruits in order to help them pass basic training. A down-on-his-luck businessman desperately takes the only job offered - a teacher in the U.S. Army. His mission: keep a ragtag bunch of underachieving misfits from flunking out of basic training! Be on alert as this unlikely new teacher and his underdog class unexpectedly inspire each other to be all they can be! Anonymous Danny DeVito plays an advertising man who is slowly sliding downhill. When he is fired from his job in Detroit, he signs up for unemployment. One day they find him a job; Teaching thinking skills to Army recruits. He arrives on base to find that there is no structure set up for the class. yusufpiskin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Bronx Tale (1993)651) A father becomes worried when a local gangster befriends his son in the Bronx in the 1960s. The Bronx, New York, 1960. 9-year-old Calogero grows up admiring and fascinated by the local mob boss, Sonny. Calogero's father, Lorenzo, wants to have nothing to do with the mob and does his best to keep his son away from Sonny and mob business. However, it may prove a losing battle. grantss After witnessing a murder in front of his house, nine-year-old Calogero forms a strong and lasting bond with the Bronx' local gangster Sunny, in spite of his father, Lorenzo's, disapproval. A Bronx Tale delivers a closer inspection of father/son relations, life choices and their consequences. BecksyKane Gangster Sonny is the big man in the Bronx neighborhood of an Italian small boy named Calogero. A shooting witnessed by the boy (nicknamed C) is the starting point of a lasting bond between the gangster and the boy. Father (bus driver Lorenzo), however, disapproves. C grows up under the wing of both men, torn between his own natural honesty and his fascination with Sonny. C's neighborhood cronies get involved in theft, use of guns, and racial fights. When C falls for an African American girl, things don't get any easier. C's leap to manhood is marked by tragedy, but also by his recognition of the many faces of love. Horacio Abeledo <horabe@ipcabe.uba.ar> Calogero Anello is a nine-year-old child living in the Bronx - notorious for gangster bars, racist people and an aggressive nature. Calogero witnesses a shooting in the street involving local big shot gangster, Sonny, but refuses to betray him to the police. Sonny grows fond of the boy and begins to teach him how things are conducted on the streets. Calogero's father is a working man who wants his child to grow up and make his money honestly and does not want him to mix with Sonny. Despite his father's disapproval, for eight years Calogero continues to see Sonny and receives a 'street' education from him. Despite being a gangster, Sonny loves Calogero and teaches him that being a gangster is too risky and dangerous. However, Calogero misinterprets Sonny's message and still gets involved with his friends in racism and fights. Things get worse when he falls in love with a black girl. This story is about a Bronx where a child grows up with two educations, one from school and one from the street. As the child grows closer to a gangster, he begins to grow away from his family. Mekaeal Chaudary Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This first appeared on www.realmoviereview.com Robert De Niro debuts as director in this feature and he does a fine job with obvious Scorsese influence. This is an excellent small-scale movie with a good story and well-developed characters, some excellent performances, along with subtle directorial flair. In a lot of ways, this resembles a softer, gentler Goodfellas. The story revolves around Calogero Anello, (Lillo Brancato), a seventeen year old Italian growing up in a 1960s Bronx neighborhood. Calogero is befriended by the local mob boss (Palminteri) over the objections of his father (De Niro). And this movie tells the story of his coming of age in this environment. Francis Capra does a fine job as the nine year-old Calogero, and Palminteri and De Niro show excellence at their craft. Brancato does a respectable job, but suffers from comparison. This is a personal favorite of mine and I recommend it whole-heartedly. There are some wonderful scenes, strong dialogue and enough action to balance out the story and make this enjoyable by all kinds of viewers. 
 Crimson Tide (1995)651) On a U.S. nuclear missile sub, a young First Officer stages a mutiny to prevent his trigger happy Captain from launching his missiles before confirming his orders to do so. When some Russian rebels take control of some ICBM's, the Americans mobilize. Among the vessels sent is the nuclear sub, USS Alabama. But before they leave they need a new X.O. and among the choices is Commander Hunter, who hasn't seen much action. But the ship's Captain, Ramsey, OK's him. While on the way, there was an incident and Hunter disagreed with how Ramsey handled it. It's evident that Ramsey doesn't think much of Hunter because Hunter was college educated while Ramsey worked his way up. They're given orders to attack but when they were in the process of receiving another order, the ship's communications were damaged, so the entire message was not received. Ramsey decides to continue with their previous order while Hunter wants to reestablish contact first. That's when the two men butt heads that ends with Hunter relieving Ramsey. Later when some men die, some of the officers feel that Hunter is not up to the task so they team up to retake control. But Hunter has taken precautions. rcs0411@yahoo.com Instability in Russia results in the deployment of the the nuclear submarine Alabama. Russian rebels have taken over a nuclear missile site and are fueling them for a possible strike against the USA. Tensions run high undersea when the launch message is received, followed by an incomplete followup. Could the followup message have been to cancel the earlier orders? Rob Hartill As the Russian civil war gradually gets worse, the U.S. Navy gets activated. Fearing a nuclear fallout, upstart Commander Hunter and veteran Captain Ramsey along with several other naval officers aboard a nuclear missile submarine to avert the attack on the United States. But, due to some misunderstanding, Hunter and Ramsey begin to quarrel for command of the Submarine. John Wiggins In the near future, Russian rebels have taken over one of the ICBM bases in the USSR. Alarmed by the prospect of a rebel strike, the U.S. sends the USS Alabama, a nuclear ballistic missile submarine, to watch over the base and retaliate in case they launch. While on patrol, the submarine is attacked and the radio systems are knocked out, but after first receiving an emergency message from HQ to launch nuclear missiles at the rebels. A second emergency message received during the battle is only partially recovered. Captain Ramsey decides to carry out the first order to launch the missiles regardless while XO Hunter wants to wait for a successful receipt of the second message once the radio systems are repaired. The conflict escalates into mutiny as Ramsey and Hunter fight for control of the Alabama's nuclear missiles. Patrick McCormick <pmccormi@mit.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A rebel force has taken over nuclear missile launch sites near Vladivostok in Eastern Russia. The leader of the force, a radical Russian named Radchenko ( Daniel von Bargen ), threatens to launch the missiles he has seized. Radchenko's forces, about 60,000 strong, have also gained control of three Akula-class attack submarines to protect the shores off Vladivostok. The United States summons the officers and crew of the nuclear submarine Alabama, which is being dispatched to patrol the coast of eastern Russia. If necessary, the Alabama will be available to launch nuclear missiles to stop Radchenko's forces before they can launch their hijacked missiles. Commander Ron Hunter ( Denzel Washington ) of the US Navy is called into an interview with the Alabama's CO, Captain Ramsey ( Gene Hackman ). The Alabama's executive officer (XO) is ill and a replacement is needed. Ramsey is impressed with Hunter's service record and the two connect over horse riding. Ramsey's Jack Russell Terrier also seems to approve of Hunter. The situation in Vladivostok escalates and Hunter and his friend, Lt. "Weps" Ince ( Viggo Mortensen ), are called up for duty and leave immediately for the Alabama. Ramsey gives a stirring send-off speech and the boat puts to sea. Before they submerge, Ramsey and Hunter enjoy cigars while on watch on the conning tower. Ramsey is impressed with Hunter's ability to remain silent and not "explain away" the moment just before they submerge. At an officers' dinner, Ramsey and the crew pontificate about the threat of nuclear war. Ramsey is eager to know Hunter's views on the subject, especially since the XO has a degree in philosophy. Hunter states the the true nature of war is to serve itself and leave the world destroyed. Ramsey takes the opinion seriously although he seems to disagree with his XO. On patrol off the eastern coast of Russia, the Alabama runs drills. When a fire breaks out in the galley, Hunter rushes to help put the blaze out. At that moment, Ramsey orders a missile launching drill to be performed. Hunter is perturbed that Ramsey would order a drill in the midst of an emergency but reports to the bridge to oversee the transfer of coded transmissions and report to Ramsey. During a lull in the drill, Hunter informs the captain that the fire in the galley could flare up again but Ramsey dismisses him, concentrating on the drill. A report comes in from below decks; one of the crew has suffered a heart attack. Ramsey cancels the drill and goes below to check on the crew member, who has died. Ramsey orders Hunter into his cabin and reprimands him for trying to interrupt the drill. Hunter calmly counters that the fire needed more attention and that the captain's calling for a drill had jeopardized the safety of the boat. Ramsey tells the XO that confusion aboard a submarine is something to be taken advantage of. Hunter still obviously disagrees, however, he chooses not to say so. The Alabama receives an emergency action message (EAM) informing them that Radchenko is very close to breaking the codes for missile launch and that the US defense readiness has been raised to DEFCON 3. Further patrols with the Alabama's crew on even higher alert will be necessary. A fight breaks out between a petty officer, Rivetti ( Danny Nucci ), and another man, Bennefield ( Eric Bruskotter ) over the origins of the Silver Surfer and Hunter breaks it up, telling Rivetti to act like a leader. Hunter reports to Ramsey about the altercation and the tension amongst the crew over the their current state of readiness. Ramsey announces to the crew over the boat's PA system that infighting will not be tolerated and the threat of war is of the utmost importance. In the sub's sonar cabin, Rivetti and his unit detect an enemy submarine, possibly one of the Akulas that Radchenko has command of. Ramsey orders him to identify the sub and orders an evasion maneuver to escape detection by the Akula. An EAM arrives seemingly ordering a launch of the Alabama's missiles. Ramsey orders the procedures for launch to be initiated. Another EAM comes in but the Alabama is too deep to receive it. Hunter requests that the sub's buoy be launched to receive the EAM. The buoy winch fails, causing noise and alerting the Akula to the Alabama's location. The Akula attacks with torpedoes. The Alabama successfully evades the torpedoes, one of which explodes very close, severing the buoy cable. The Alabama suffers minor damage, the Akula disappears from sonar and the buoy cable is severed, cutting off the EAM. Additionally, the radio equipment has suffered severe damage and no messages are going out or coming in. Ramsey and Hunter review the EAM, finding that the message doesn't contain any clear order. Hunter recommends that the Alabama surface to receive the rest of the message, but Ramsey refuses, saying it's too dangerous with the Akula still nearby. Ramsey intends to continue with the launch of his missiles, but Hunter quickly disagrees, saying the incomplete message could be a target package change or an order to cancel the launch. Ramsey counters saying that the message is not a complete order and not to be followed up upon and orders Hunter to repeat his command to launch. Hunter refuses under Navy regulations, citing the fact that Ramsey's order must be repeated for it to stand, concluding that the captain is acting irrationally. When Ramsey will not concur with Hunter, the XO orders Ramsey to be arrested and locked in his cabin. A hesitant Chief of the Boat concurs with the XO and has the captain detained. Hunter assumes command and informs the crew that they will still patrol, at the same state of readiness, and attempt to re-establish communications to verify the EAM. On sonar, the Akula reappears and attacks, launching torpedoes. Hunter orders an evasion plan and the Alabama avoids being hit. Hunter launches two more torpedoes which connect with their target and destroy the Akula. However, a last torpedo was launched by the Akula before it was destroyed and explodes very close to the Alabama. Propulsion is damaged and the bilge bay takes on water despite the efforts of several crew members to contain it. The men in the bilge bay drown when Hunter orders the bilge bay sealed. Meanwhile, the Alabama is sinking rapidly, approaching a depth of 1850 feet, where the intense water pressure will crush the hull. Propulsion is restored before the boat can be destroyed and the boat rises to a safe depth. Several of Ramsey's officers decide that Hunter is unfit for command and they plot a counter-mutiny to free Ramsey. They persuade Weps to join them and give them the key to the weapons locker to take the sub back by force. They free Ramsey, who follows the armed men back to the bridge where they arrest Hunter and the other officers who aided him in the mutiny. Ramsey assumes command and orders the launch to continue. While in detention, Hunter talks philosophically about the choice to launch nuclear missiles and start the destruction of the world. Rivetti, while walking between cabins, is stopped by the same man he fought with earlier. Rivetti is able to overpower the larger man and free Hunter and the other arrested officers. They make their way back to the bridge to stop Ramsey from launching. After a tense altercation in the weapons cabin which delays Ramsey long enough for Hunter to seize the master missile key, the two face off on the bridge. Ramsey hits Hunter in the face twice, demanding his missile key back. Communications reports that the radio is very close to being operational. Ramsey allows three minutes for the radio to operate again and receive another EAM. The two sit in the command center, awaiting the message. While they do, Ramsey lights a cigar and brings up the subject of horse riding again, saying that Lipizzaner stallions are from Portugal. Hunter tells the captain they're Spanish horses, born with a black color and turn white later in life. Ramsey still insists they're from Portugal. Rivetti reports that the EAM transmitter is fixed and that a new EAM is coming in. It's brought to the bridge and authenticated. When authenticated, the message is for the Alabama to stand down and cancel the launch of their missiles. Ramsey retires himself from the bridge and is saluted as he walks to his cabin. In Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, a general inquiry is called before the Pacific Fleet admiral ( Jason Robards ). Having reviewed the incident, he tells both Hunter and Ramsey that they both were right and wrong in their actions aboard the Alabama. Off the record, he admonishes both of them, saying they've done much to disrupt the traditional chain of command of the Navy. The admiral also announces, to Hunter's surprise, that Ramsey has filed for retirement. Hunter is further astonished when he hears that he is to be given a captain's commission aboard another submarine and that he came highly recommended by Ramsey himself. Outside Navy HQ, Ramsey is retrieving his dog from an ensign. He sees Hunter and tells him that he was right, about the Lipizzaner stallions being from Spain. The two smile and salute each other. 
 The Adventures of Pluto Nash (2002)321) In the future, a man struggles to keep his lunar nightclub out of the hands of the Mafia. After his successful nightclub is blown to flaming bits, Pluto and his band travel across the moon looking for clues to the arsonist. Pluto, Bruno, and Dina search a seedy motel, Pluto's secret hideout, and the casino of the most powerful man on the moon for the evildoer, only to discover that his club's destruction might have been his own fault. FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the decade of 2080, on a lunar colony called Little America, a retired smuggler named Pluto Nash (Eddie Murphy) buys a nightclub in order to fulfill a longtime wish and prevent the murder of Anthony Frankowski (Jay Mohr), the club's previous owner, by his creditors. Seven years later, "Club Pluto" has become a successful business that is frequented by many socialites. The staff consists of Pluto, a Hispanic assistant, and an anthropomorphic android robot named Bruno (Randy Quaid). Meanwhile, Anthony has become a stage performer under the name of Tony Francis, under which name he has achieved interplanetary fame despite his apparent lack of talent. His music, performance style, and costume resemble those of Frank Sinatra. Pluto is approached one night by a young woman called Dina Lake (Rosario Dawson), who has become stranded on the Moon and desires to earn money to pay for transport to Earth. She seeks help from Pluto because her father, "Nicky Sticks", was a friend of Pluto's, to whom offers her skills as a singer. Instead, Pluto gives her a job as server at his club and allows her to remain after closure. During the same night, Pluto is approached three times by messengers of a mysterious entrepreneur called Rex Crater, who wishes to buy Club Pluto and convert it into a gambling casino. When Pluto refuses, Rex Crater's minions destroy the club. Pluto, Dina, and Bruno escape. They therafter begin to investigate Rex Crater, about whom very little is known. Rowland (Peter Boyle), a friend to Pluto's mother and retired police detective, informs Pluto that Rex Crater is never seen outside of a penthouse in the city of Moon Beach. Rex is said to have been involved with a geneticist named Runa Pendankin, who specialized in cloning before her death. Pluto and Dina visit Doctor Pendankin's apprentice, Mona Zimmer (Illeana Douglas), who operates a cosmetic surgery station. To inflitrate this, they pose as a married couple attempting to revive their infatuation for one another by having their figures altered. After they have seen several examples of commonly preferred body shapes and contours, Zimmer asks for a police permit to perform the operation. Pluto bribes her to ignore this formality, and when she accepts the bribe poses as a police officer bent on interrogating her. Having been intimidated by Pluto's bluffs, Zimmer reveals that Doctor Pendankin had worked for or with a Terrestrial criminal having what appeared to be the initials "WZW" inscribed on his briefcase prior to her death. Pluto and Dina return to the hotel. They meet Pluto's mother, Flura Nash (Pam Grier). All are attacked by Rex Crater's assassins, who have tracked them to the hotel. They all narrowly escape, whereinafter Pluto steals a car to transport himself, Dina, and Bruno to an abandoned smuggler's refuge. At this hideout, Pluto mounts an Internet-based search for any Terrestrial criminal with the initials "WZW". When this yields nothing, Dina suggests that the initials are in fact "MZM", having been seen upside-down by Mona Zimmer. Pluto, on this basis, discovers a criminal called Michael Zoroaster Marucci (Alec Baldwin, in an uncredited cameo). Pluto suspects that Michael Marucci and Rex Crater are one and the same. Abruptly, he is contacted by his mother, who tells him that Rowland has been killed. Moments later, the hideout is attacked by Rex Crater's agents. A chase ensues; during Pluto's final evasive manouvere, their car is damaged and explodes, causing them to be presumed dead. They are eventually rescued and taken to Moon Beach by Felix Laranga (Luis Guzmn), a smuggler who idolizes Pluto Nash. They infiltrate Rex Crater's casino/hotel, where they contact Tony Francis after his concert. Tony attempts to help them, but they are captured by Rex Crater's agents and taken to him. Pluto accuses Rex Crater of being Michael Marucci, whereupon Rex Crater reveals himself to be a clone of Pluto, created by Doctor Pendankin to act as a public face of Michael Marucci's illegal activities, but who then killed Marucci. Rex coolly murders his agents who had failed to destroy Pluto, shocking most of the onlookers, then goes on to explain his elaborate plans to create a chain of "exclusive" gambling casinos from the ruins of other establishments including Club Pluto. At this, Pluto contemptuously destroys Rex's model of the casino and assaults him. Rex and Pluto then fight for possession of Rex's gun while the others watch, uncertain of which is Pluto and which is Rex. Pluto shoots Bruno when he gains possession of the gun, whereupon Rex's assistant Belcher (James Rebhorn) assumes that Pluto would not damage his own robot and shoots Rex. Pluto orders the robot guards to leave, then reveals his identity to Dina by speaking of her employment to him. When Belcher realizes the truth, he is struck down; Bruno then reveals that he was wearing a bulletproof shirt on Pluto's advice. Rex, who shares Pluto's memories and was therefore also wearing a bulletproof shirt, is revived attempts to garotte Pluto with a wire paperweight. He is then thrown through a window and dies falling into the casino below. The movie ends with the protagonists celebrating in the rebuilt Club Pluto. Bruno is made manager of the Club and Dina its lead singer. Felix is granted lifelong credit and Tony invited to the celebration. Pluto, his desires fulfilled, rests at ease. 