nm0003140:

 Red State (2011)431) Set in Middle America, a group of teens receive an online invitation for sex, though they soon encounter fundamentalists with a much more sinister agenda. The teenager Jarod invites his best friends Travis and Billy-Ray to have a foursome with a thirty-eight year-old woman. While driving to meet the woman, Travis hit a car parked on the road. When they meet the woman, she gives spiked beer to them and they pass out. When the three friends wake up, they find that they are trapped in the fundamentalist Five Points Trinity Church of the infamous Pastor Abin Cooper and that they will be killed. Meanwhile the church is under siege by ATF agents led by Agent Joseph Keenan that have been ordered to destroy the terrorist cell. Will the teenagers be saved by the agents of the law enforcement agency? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the Midwest of the USA, three sex-crazed teenage boys receive an invitation from a woman online who wants to hook up with them. When the three friends arrive, they soon realise their promise of sex is a trap and soon they must escape from the deranged leader of a Christian Fundamentalist cult. Tom Daly Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in an unnamed southwestern small town, while on the way to high school, Travis (Michael Angarano) notices members of the Five Points Church (a thinly veiled version of the Kansas hate-mongering Westboro Baptist Church), led by Abin Cooper (Michael Parks), a middle-aged David Koresh-esq leader (also loosely based on WBC leader and fanatic Fred Phelps), protesting the funeral of a local gay teenager who was found murdered; the third hate crime murder in a month. During Travis's first class, his teacher talks about how Cooper and his church had their town ridiculed for his racial actions and beliefs. Later, Jared (Kyle Gallner), a friend of Travis, reveals he received an invitation from a woman he met on a sex site for group sex with himself, Travis and Billy Ray (Nicholas Braun). They borrow Travis's parents' car and travel out into the country to meet with the woman. Along the way, they accidentally sideswipe the vehicle of Sheriff Wynan (Stephen Root), while he was engaged in a homosexual affair in his car. Afraid, the boys drive off. Sheriff Wynan returns to the station and tells his deputy Pete (Matt L. Jones) to go and look for the vehicle (but doesn't tell him about what he was doing out on the back road). Meanwhile, the boys arrive at the trailer of the woman who sent out the invitation, Sarah Cooper (Melissa Leo). She encourages them to drink, and after being drugged by the beer, they pass out while undressing. Jared wakes up while being moved in a covered cage. He realizes he is in the sanctuary at Five Points after he identifies Cooper. Here, Cooper begins a long, hate-filled sermon/monologue before his warped followers about sin reeks in the world and that all evil must be eradicated before the end of the world comes which is their one-way ticket into Heaven. Cooper then identifies another captive, a homosexual young man they lured in through an internet chat room. They bind him to a cross using saran wrap and violently execute him with a revolver and drop him into a small crawl space where Travis and Billy Ray are bound together; thus revealing that the Five Points Church is responsible for all the hate crimes and murders throughout the entire state. Cooper then begins binding Jared to the cross to have him executed too, but stops when he notices Deputy Pete driving up to the church. Cooper goes outside and talks with Pete at the front gate of the Five Points compound where Pete explains that he is looking for a hit-and-run driver who sideswiped Sheriff Wynan's car earlier that night. Cooper denies knowing anything about the hit-and-run accident or if he has seen any particular car as described by the sheriff. But Pete soon realizes that Cooper is lying when he sees the car within the church compound partly covered with a tarp. In the hole, Travis and Billy Ray use a protruding bone from the corpse to cut themselves free, which is heard by Caleb (Ralph Garman), one of Cooper's henchmen. He lifts up the trap door just in time to see Billy Ray escape and begins chasing after him. Billy Ray is not able to help Travis out of his tight saran wrap cuffs and leaves him for dead. Caleb chases Billy Ray while passing Travis into a room stocked with weapons, where the two end up shooting and killing each other. Pete hears the gunshots and calls Wynan for back-up, but is shot and killed by Mordechai (James Parks), another one of Cooper's henchmen. Cooper then blackmails Wynan over the CB radio, telling him to stay away or he will reveal Wynan's homosexuality to his wife and the whole homophobic small town. In despair, Wynan calls the local ATF whom put him in touch with Agent Joseph Keenan (John Goodman), who begins setting up outside of the church. At dawn, while the Cooper family mourns for Caleb, Travis (who had broken free and feigned death alongside Billy Ray's corpse) arms himself with a rifle and makes a run for it, eventually making it outside where he is shot and killed by Wynan, who mistook him for a member of the congregation. Wynman (clearly insane at this point out of fear of his closeted homosexuality being outed) demands that the ATF launch an attack on the Five Points compound and kill everyone (so that the secret of his gay life will not be revealed), but Agent Keenan refuses and orders him to be confided to his police car. A Branch-Davidian stand-off occurs as Agent Keenan tries to reason with the family to come out of the compound and surrender for they have a warrant for Cooper's arrests for numerous firearms violations. But Cooper himself appears at a window and shoots and kills Agent Brooks (Kevin Pollak), one of Keenan's men, by shooting him in the head with a hunting rifle. A huge and violent shoot-out begins as the Five Points fanatics, armed with AK-47 automatic rifles and TEC-9 sub-machine guns, open fire on the ATF agents who return fire with their AR-15 rifles and 9mm sub-machine guns. There are some casualties on both sides. Sheriff Wynan is one of the fatalities when bullets from the entrenched fanatics riddle his police car. In the midst of the shooting, Agent Keenan receives a phone call from ATF higher-ups ordering him to start a full raid of the complex to ensure that no witnesses remain of the operation, and no one can tell the press of their mess up. Another tactical agent named "Harry" (Kevin Alejandro) struggles with this decision and argues with Keenan in private against doing this. Keenan coldly dismisses Harry's protests for personal reasons -- rationalizing his decision based on personal gain and the reputation of the ATF -- and Harry storms off in disgust. During the shoot-out, a teenage cult member named Cheyenne (Kerry Bish) attempts to escape from the compound, but is captured by an ATF sniper (Mark Blucas) who tries to reason with her to give up. When the ATF agent hears over his com-link about the order to kill everyone inside the compound, he points his rifle at her but gets killed by Sarah, whom is Cheyenne's mother. Sarah drags Cheyenne back inside the building and orders her to stay put for they they all will die soon and be accepted into Heaven. During another lull in the shoot-out, Cheyenne unbinds Jared, begging him to help her hide the children. Jared coldly refuses due to the fact that the Five Points Church is evil and had killed both his best friends as well as countless other people over the past several years, and the argument turns into a fight. Sarah notices them and attacks Jared. Cheyenne tries to break up the fight and accidentally shoots Sarah in the process, killing her. Jared, realizing no matter what he does he will end up dead, helps Cheyenne hide the children in the attic of the compound. In the meantime, Keenan and his men manage to break down the main gate to the compound using an armored truck as a battering ram, and the agents swarm into the compound. Cheyenne and Jared run outside to plead with Keenan to spare the children but are both brutally shot and murdered by Tactical Agent Harry, who has come around to accepting Keenan's rationales though Keenan is now visibly disturbed the reality of this outcome and Harry's actions. The shoot-out is then suddenly interrupted when a mysterious loud trumpet ominously blast echoes across the sky. The remaining Coopers lower their weapons and run outside, rejoicing, claiming that "the rapture" has come upon them as the trumpet continues to blast. A very pleased Abin Cooper calmly approaches a very stunned Keenan and confidently taunts him that God's wrath is upon them. He raises his arms and stands in the face of a confused and worried Keenan in a moment of triumph, daring him to defy God as the trumpets blare. Several days later, during a briefing before high-ranking government officials, Keenan is asked what he did next and he reports that he then head-butted Cooper and took the rest of the congregation into custody. He explains that the trumpet noises were not in fact the rapture but came from a group of marijuana farmers who lived down the road and were irritated with Cooper. As a prank they rigged up an old fire truck siren to an MP3 player with loud trumpet noises, unaware of the shootout taking place over the hill. Keenan is promoted despite disobeying a direct order from his superiors at the time to kill everyone at the compound. Keenan is surprised that he is not punished for his insubordinate actions but his superiors explained that their initial decision to kill the members of the congregation was mostly personal anyways and that they are satisfied with the alternative punishment of taking away the prisoners constitutional rights to due process, locking them up without ever letting them go to trial. They also laugh at the irony that Abin, who views homosexuality as an abomination, will more than likely be raped numerous times by his fellow male inmates. Keenan laments this outcome in a story he shares about a couple of hungry brawling dogs he once knew that taught him about the darker side of human nature and the way simple beliefs can turn humans into bloodthirsty animals. In the final scene, Abin Cooper is seen locked in a jail cell in a Federal prison in solitary confinement, where he spends his time pacing anxiously around his cell muttering like a madman -- singing and preaching to himself -- occasionally being told to "shut up" by other prisoners. 
 Cop Out (2010)431) Jimmy's rare baseball card is robbed. Since it's his only hope to pay for his daughter's upcoming wedding, he recruits his cop partner Paul to track down the robber, a memorabilia-obsessed gangster. After a clumsy operation trying to capture a drug dealer, the N.Y.P.D Detectives Jimmy Monroe and Paul Hodges are suspended for one month by their Captain Romans. Jimmy decides to sell his rare baseball card to pay for his daughter's expensive wedding while his jealous partner believes that his wife is cheating on him with their next-door neighbor. When Jimmy sells his card to a memorabilia store, the place is burgled by two small-time thieves and the detective loses his card. They track down the thieves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Men with guns face humiliation: Jimmy's daughter wants a fancy wedding which he can't afford on his NYPD salary, so her step-father smiles and offers to pay Jimmy's share. Paul, Jimmy's partner, thinks his wife is two-timing him with a neighbor, so he hides a video camera in their bedroom. Jimmy can get money for the wedding by selling a rare baseball card, which he loses when the dealer he's selling it to is robbed. The robbery is connected to the thugs running drugs, as the partners discover when they search for the card. Will Paul be a cuckold and Jimmy upstaged at his daughter's wedding? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Jimmy (Bruce Willis) and Paul (Tracy Morgan) in the interrogation room, working on a suspected drug dealer. Paul convinces Jimmy to let him try the interrogation this time and the crazy scene with all the movie quotes from the trailer ensues. They get the guy to rat out his supplier, so the next scene is at the guy's cell phone store, where Paul works as a sales person on the street with a cell phone costume on. He's casing the place, waiting for the supplier to show up so he can bust him, but when he does, the informant accidentally tips off the supplier who shoots him and splits out the back door. Paul chases him in the cell phone costume and eventually beats up a kid and steals his bike to chase the supplier. This is taped and put on YouTube, and when they don't catch the guy both cops are suspended without pay. Next, we see Jimmy and his ex-wife, daughter, and the ex-wife's new husband out at dinner. The daughter, Ava (Michelle Trachtenburg) wants an elaborate wedding (we see a bill for $48,000). Jimmy can't afford to pay for that, least of all now that he's suspended without pay. The new husband Roy (Jason Lee) offers to pay for it, but it's more to humiliate Jimmy than to help Ava. Jimmy can't let that happen, so he decides to sell his one of a kind baseball card, worth up to $80,000. When he arrives at the card shop to sell it, the shop is robbed by Dave (Seann William Scott) and an accomplice, who take money and memorabilia, including Jimmy's card. Jimmy sees Dave's distinctive tattoo and he and Paul figure out which shop he got it at, pressuring the tattoo artist and get a tip on the house he's going to rob next. They stake out the house before Dave gets there and once he arrives, they capture him and find out who's buying all the stuff from Dave. The buyer is drug overlord Po' Boy, who's brother was the supplier in the cell phone store. Jimmy and Paul go to see Po' Boy, and he agrees to give them the card back if they find his new car (which was stolen en route to him). The car was sold to a Russian lawyer, and they track him down. Once they get the car (and get Po' Boy's brother killed in the resulting chase), they decide to figure out why it's so important to Po'Boy, and they find Gabriella (Ana de la Reguera) in the trunk. She doesn't speak any English, so they take her to a diner to a guy they know who speaks Spanish, and he tells them she is the mistress of a Mexican drug lord. They know she's in trouble so they take her to a hotel to keep her safe, and just then Jimmy gets a call from some other cops who tell him Paul is a dirty cop (because his gun was used in a couple of gang killings after Dave stole it during the card shop robbery and sold it to Po' Boy). He rebukes them and goes back to the hotel, where he finds Paul asleep and Gabriella escaped through the window (saying she doesn't want to cause them any trouble by hanging around with them). She has left her crucifix on the table, which turns out to be bank account information for lots of accounts linked to drugs, which Po' Boy was attempting to steal. So now, knowing that the entire Po' Boy operation will be at the funeral for Po' Boy's brother for about an hour, they bail Dave out of jail so he can help them steal the card back. He promptly slips off the roof and is knocked out (setting up an in-credits gag where he wakes up in the morgue). Jimmy gets himself to the second floor and is still there when the organization returns to the house after capturing Gabriella off-screen. The other two cops who accused Paul show up (they had been working the case as well), and one is shot, prompting the other to call for backup to the house. This is when Paul is roused from his depression, figuring out that his wife, Debbie (Rashida Jones) isn't cheating on him, after all (a side-story running throughout). Paul and Jimmy proceed to clear the house of gangsters, leaving them with Po' Boy -- who has Gabriella hostage. They both shoot and both hit him, killing him instantly. After securing Gabriella with the paramedics, Jimmy returns to the house to find his baseball card, only to discover that it was in Po' Boy's front pocket, and Paul had destroyed it with his shot. The movie closes at the wedding, which Roy paid for. Jimmy's ex-wife Pam (Francie Swift) asks Jimmy to give away the bride with Roy (since Roy paid for the wedding, and all). He agrees, mostly because she threatens him. At the fateful moment, however, we see Paul (who is sitting behind Roy) put his gun in Roy's back, threatening to shoot if he stands to give away the bride -- allowing Jimmy the privilege all alone. 
 Chasing Amy (1997)541) Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything's going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but his hopes are crushed when he finds out she's a lesbian. A pair of comic book authors named Holden McNeil and Banky Edwards, who live in New Jersey, have been best friends for 20 years. They spend their time working in their studio, and in the evenings they are going out. But their friendship is about to be disputed for the first time in their life, when a beautiful young lesbian woman named Alyssa Jones enters their life and Holden falls in love with her. Now Holden has to deal with Banky's jealousy, and with his new girlfriend's very rich past. rsilberman Holden and Banky are two average guys who just need someone to bring out their hidden secrets. Enter Alyssa Jones and Hooper LaMont, two homosexuals who are slightly more experienced than the former two. Together, Hooper and Alyssa show Holden and Banky that being gay isn't as bad as they might think. Meanwhile, Holden develops an 'untainted' love for Alyssa, one which she finally sees in him as well, taking Holden on a journey through the complexities of love in the 90s. Simon Friend Holden and Banky are best friends and authors of a popular comic book called "Bluntman and Chronic". Holden falls in love with Alyssa, also a comic book artist, who happens to be a lesbian. Holden's new relationship with Alyssa strains his life-long friendship with Banky, and soon the relationship between Holden and Alyssa hits a wall due to Holden not being able to deal with her past. Oliver Yun Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Holden McNeil (Ben Affleck) and Banky Edwards (Jason Lee) are comic book artists and lifelong friends. Holden is the calmer, more reasonable of the duo; Banky, meanwhile, is the caustic and short-tempered half. The story opens at a comic book convention in New York City where the two are promoting their latest comic series 'Bluntman and Chronic'. After Holden breaks up a fight between Banky and an antagonistic fan, they attend a panel discussion where they meet Alyssa Jones (Joey Lauren Adams). She is a struggling comic book writer whom is friends with the African-American comic book writer and activist Hooper (Dwight Ewell) who puts on this militant image to hide his flamboyantly gay personality. That evening, the four go out for drinks together at a local bar where Holden is attracted to Alyssa based on their conversation during a dart game. Through Hooper she invites Holden to a get together at a bar she frequents. Banks comes along and while there Alyssa is asked to sing a song. During the song Banky notices that they are in a female gay bar and that Alyssa is singing the love song to a woman in the audience and not to Holden who thinks the song is for him. The four of them end up at a booth and Alyssa and Banky have an involved conversation about sex with women while Holden broods, visibly upset about Alyssa being a lesbian. However, they have discovered they are both from the same area of New Jersey and the two begin hanging out, and a deep friendship develops. During their discussions it is clear that Holden has a very narrow heterosexual view on male female relationships and sex in general. The new friendship does not sit well with the homophobic Banky, who dislikes and distrusts Alyssa and is bothered by the relationship that develops between her and Holden. Holden and Banky's business relationship suffers as well -- the two had been on the verge of signing a lucrative deal to turn Bluntman and Chronic into television show and Banky feels that Holden is no longer taking their combined efforts or the TV show seriously. Eventually, Holden is no longer able to contain his feelings, and confesses his love to Alyssa. She is initially angry with him and walks away. Holden follows her and they have a heated discussion about their relationship and she walks away again. Holden is confused and while returning to his vehicle Alyssa runs up, they embrace and that night the two begin a romantic relationship. Banky walks in the next morning and finds them together sleeping on his couch in the studio. This new development worsens the tension between Holden and Banky who distrusts Alyssa and that his friend is going to be hurt when the relationship fails. Banky runs across an old friend who grew up with Alyssa who tells him a sexual adventure story from Alyssa's past. Banky reports to Holden that Alyssa participated in a threesome with two guys during high school, which earned her the nickname "Finger Cuffs" for getting it from both ends. Holden is deeply disturbed by this revelation, having believed based on their conversations about love and sex that he is the first man Alyssa had ever slept with. Holden asks advice from Hooper who tells him that if he wants his relationship with Alyssa to work, he must be honest and truthful and ask Alyssa about her past. Hooper also tells Holden he believes the issue with Banky is that Banky is jealous and in love with him and that his macho sexual banter is a disguise for his true feelings. The following evening, Holden confronts Alyssa while attending a hockey game and he clumsily attempts baiting her into confessing, which she eventually does, prompting her to storm out of the arena. During a tearful argument in the parking lot, she tells Holden about her youthful sexual experimentation involving men. She apologizes for letting him believe that he was the only man she had been with but justifies it by saying she could see that he took pleasure in the thought. However, she refuses to apologize for her past and Holden leaves feeling angry and confused. Later, during lunch at a local diner with the local stoners and drug dealers Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith), who were the inspiration for the Bluntman and Chronic comic book characters, Holden gives them their monthly residual pay for sales of the comic book. Here he confides in them about his troubled feelings and relationship with Alyssa. Speaking more than one line for the first time, Silent Bob mentions chasing Amy and reveals that he was once in a relationship "a couple of years ago" which was similar to Holden's. Despite the fact that he was in love with his girlfriend, Amy, his insecurities about her adventurous sexual past caused him to sabotage the relationship and leave her. Angry at himself for letting her go, he has "spent every day since then chasing Amy". Inspired by Silent Bob's story, Holden devises a plan to fix both his relationship with Alyssa and his fractured friendship with Banky. He invites them both over and tells Alyssa that he would like to get over her past and remain her boyfriend. He also tells Banky that he realizes that Banky is in love with him... kissing him passionately to prove the point. Holden suggests that the three of them should have sex with each other in a threesome so he will no longer be envious of Alyssa's broader experiences and it will resolve Banky's issues with them as a couple. Banky reluctantly agrees to participate. Alyssa is appalled and refuses, at which Banky expresses his relief. Alyssa tries to explain to Holden why his plan is so wrong. Before leaving, she states that she will always love him but her past is in the past and she will not be his whore and slaps him across his face. Banky then leaves without saying a word. One year later, the story has Banky busy promoting his own new comic book at a convention in New York. It is revealed that Holden has dissolved their partnership over Bluntman and Chronic, leaving the viewer with the assumption that he sold the publishing and creative rights over to Banky (which is corroborated in the beginning of 'Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back'). Banky looks over and sees Holden at a distance, who silently congratulates him for his success on the new book. Banky gestures over to a booth hosted by Alyssa who is promoting her own comic, and provides wordless encouragement with a hand gesture implying a coming together to Holden to go talk to her. Holden has a brief poignant conversation with Alyssa, and gives her a copy of 'Chasing Amy', his new comic based on their failed relationship. Holden asks her to contact him. After Holden leaves, Alyssa's girlfriend (Virginia Smith) comes back to the booth and asks who that was. Alyssa feigns indifference,casually tosses his comic on the floor behind her and replies, "Oh, just some guy I knew." She then turns to sign the next fan's material. 
 Clerks (1994)761) A day in the lives of two convenience clerks named Dante and Randal as they annoy customers, discuss movies, and play hockey on the store roof. Dante Hicks is not having a good day. He clerks in a small convenience store and is told to come into work on his day off. Dante thinks life is a series of down endings and this day proves to be no different. He reads in the newspaper that his ex-girlfriend Caitlin is getting married. His present girlfriend reveals to have somewhat more experience with sex that he thought. His principal concerns are the hockey game he has that afternoon and the wake for a friend who died. His buddy Randal Graves works as a clerk in the video store next door and he hates his job as much as Dante hates his. garykmcd Dante Hicks is a clerk at a New Jersey convenience store. One particular Saturday morning, he gets called in on his day off. Once there, he deals with multiple problems: the shutters won't open; his ex-girlfriend, with whom he's still in love, is getting married; his current girlfriend, who bugs him about continuing his education, reveals startling details about her past; his boss hasn't come in to take his place; he's supposed to play in a hockey game at 2PM; a friend has died and her wake is that day; he must deal with less-than-intelligent customers; his friend Randal, who clerks at the video store next door, is even less dedicated to his job than Dante is to his and is always bothering Dante's customers; and, worst of all,HE'S NOT EVEN SUPPOSED TO BE THERE TODAY!. Can Dante manage it all? MTRodaba2468 It's just another day for Dante Hicks, until his boss calls him into work at the Quick Stop on his day off. With a hockey game at 2, and his girlfriend nagging him about going to back to school. Dante gets into a bigger frenzy when he learns that his ex-girlfriend Caitlin is getting married. With his always-late accomplice Randall strolling into work at the video store, Dante has no choice but to bend the rules a little with work, customers, and his love life. Can he get away with it all? Bryanne Marks Dante has had a crummy job at an small convenience store since graduating from high school five years ago. While still enamored of his high-school sweetheart Caitlin, he now has a serious relationship with long-suffering Veronica, who wants him to quit his job and begin college. His best friend Randal, who runs the next-door video store, is even less dedicated to his job than Dante. The movie covers one eventful day at the job. Reid Gagle When Dante Hicks is called into work on his day off, his girlfriend wants to leave him; his friend Randal, clerk of the next-door video store, embarrasses him constantly in front of his customers; his ex-girlfriend is getting married and his current girlfriend wants him to go to college--and stuns him with a mind-blowing revelation; he must play in a hockey game in the afternoon; he must go to a friend's wake; he deals with annoying customers and those drug-dealing scoundrels who hang around outside the store; and he might need to LITERALLY pay the price for not paying attention. rsilberman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dante Hicks (Brian O'Halloran) is a clerk at the Quick Stop, a local convenience store in Leonardo, New Jersey. On Dante's day off, his boss calls him in to cover a few hours for another employee who is sick. Arriving at the store, he finds that padlocks for the security shutters are jammed closed with chewing gum, so he hangs a sheet over them with a message in shoe polish: I ASSURE YOU; WE'RE OPEN! Dante is flustered at having to open the store at 6 AM when he'd just closed it the night before. He's also upset that he hasn't gotten enough sleep before having to play a street hockey game that afternoon. Dante's day is spent in the purgatory of serving a succession of clueless and oblivious customers while bemoaning the fact that "I'm not even supposed to be here today!" His earliest customer is a man who tries to convince cigarette-buying customers that they should buy chewing gum, Chewlies brand, instead of smoking. To emphasize his point, the man shows a customer what he claims is a diseased lung that he carries in a bag. Before long, a crowd has gathered at the checkout and turns hostile at the first customer's taunts and rantings, blaming Dante for the ills of smoking because he sells cigarettes. When they start pelting him with cigarettes, Dante's girlfriend, Veronica, appears and sprays them all with a fire extinguisher, bringing them under control. She confronts the man who recommended the chewing gum, finding out he's a representative of the Chewlies brand trying to drum up sales. She orders him out along with the mob, chiding them for having nothing better to do with their lives. Dante and Veronica talk for a bit behind the counter about their past relationships. After a few minutes, Veronica gets up to leave and sees an old flame of hers, a guy nicknamed "Snowball". She admits to Dante that she'd performed oral sex on him and the conversation quickly escalates into an argument. She tells him that she performed fellatio on 36 other guys before she dated Dante. Dante jealously considers her past acts to be more severe than his own, which include having had sex with 11 other women before Veronica. Veronica storms out, furious with Dante's insensitivity. Interspersed with the demands of his job, Dante passes time in wide-ranging conversations with his slacker friend, Randal Graves (Jeff Anderson). Randal ostensibly works at the RST Video Store right next door, although he spends almost the entire day at the Quick Stop and is not averse to treating customers with contempt. The two converse about many things to pass time, such as whether the independent contractors working on the second Death Star when it was destroyed at the end of Return of the Jedi might have been innocent victims of the Rebels' efforts to defeat the Empire. Another customer offers support for Randall's theory when he tells the duo that he passed up a contracting job on a mobster's house and the contractor that took the job was killed when the house was bombed. Veronica stops in again, bringing Dante lasagna for lunch. The two reconcile about their respective sexual pasts -- in an earlier conversation with Randal, Dante realizes that his sexual history is no better than Veronica's. She and Dante also talk about Dante's current disposition -- he's in a rut with no motivation to change -- Dante had attended college for a short period and dropped out. Veronica had transferred to a nearby university to be closer to Dante. Further contributing to Dante's misery is an announcement shown him by Randal in the local newspaper that his famously unfaithful ex-girlfriend, Caitlin, is engaged to be married. For the previous several weeks Dante had been secretly talking to Caitlin on the phone, rekindling their relationship. Dante also talks to Randal about how Caitlin had frequently been unfaithful to Dante, once even mistaking him for another man at a party they'd both gone to separately. Randal suggests that Dante stay with Veronica since she really loves him and that Caitlin isn't worth going back to because of her infidelity. Learning that he's stuck working the store all day because his relief skipped out to go to Vermont on vacation and the owner of the store and building is nowhere to be found, Dante convinces his friends to play hockey on the store roof. The game is short; 12 minutes into the 1st period, an irate customer climbs the ladder to the roof, demanding that Dante open the store. When the guy criticizes Dante's playing, Dante angrily invites him to play in their game. The guy wastes no time knocking Dante over in the face off and shoots their only ball off the roof and into a storm drain. Reopening the store, Dante finds out one another of his ex-girlfriends has died and her memorial service is today. Randal talks him into closing the store again and going to the wake. The visit is disastrous, and the two are seen leaving the funeral home in a hurry and driving away, although the audience doesn't see what transpires during the memorial service. However, a conversation moments later between the two reveals that Randal knocked over the casket. Randal seems indifferent to the chaos he caused, callously saying that the dead friend didn't feel a thing. While talking to a couple of former high-school classmates, Dante finds out that the man he's talking to, Rick Derris, was one of Caitlin's flings while she was still dating Dante. Another man enters the store and asks Dante if he's been working there all day. After a few moments, he hands Dante a court summons; Dante had allegedly sold cigarettes to an underage girl, whose mother had called the authorities. However, Dante had not been at the counter at the time, Randal had and had sold the girl the cigarettes. Dante now faces incontestable charges and a $500 fine. While he chases after the official and Derris in protest, Caitlin (Lisa Spoonhauer) suddenly appears, a surprise visit. Dante takes her to the video store for a private conversation. After she assures Dante that the engagement announcement was a premature and arranged by her overbearing and domineering mother, the two trade banter and Dante becomes torn between her and Veronica. He finally decides to take Caitlin on a date and slips home to change. He returns to discover that Caitlin has had sex with a dead man in the bathroom, having mistaken the man for Dante (the man had earlier entered the bathroom with a pornographic magazine and had suffered a fatal heart attack while masturbating). An ambulance takes Caitlin away in shock, along with the corpse. Meanwhile, Jay and Silent Bob (Jason Mewes and Kevin Smith), a pair of stoners who've spent all day hanging out (and dealing marijuana) outside the Quick Stop, enter the store to shoplift. Dante turns down Jay's offer to party with them. Knowing Dante's predicament, Silent Bob pauses before following Jay outside and offers the following wisdom: "You know, there's a million fine-looking women in the world, dude. But they don't all bring you lasagna at work. Most of 'em just cheat on you." Dante then realizes that he loves Veronica. When she returns to the Quick Stop, though, Randal complicates things by revealing that Dante was in love with Caitlin and is planning to date his ex again. Veronica angrily breaks up with Dante and reveals to him that Randal told her of his plans to be with Caitlin. Dante finally loses his temper and fights with Randal, making a mess of the store. Afterward, while they sit in the mess they created, Dante continues to bemoan his station in life and being stuck in a dead end job, having a girlfriend who had sex with a dead man, and that Veronica had an active sex life before she and Dante began dating. Finally losing his own temper, Randall yells back at Dante and counters everything by telling Dante that he's sick of hearing him whine about how rotten his life is and that Dante needs to think about making serious changes in his life if he wants it to improve. The film ends with the two reconciling and cleaning up the store for the night. At Dante's request, Randal "rangles" out, popping back in briefly to toss Dante's sign at him stating, "You're closed!" 