nm0008523:

 No muertos (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ashes of Paradise (1997)Summaries A judge falls from the roof of the Federal Courthouse. A woman is murdered. Between them and the three sons of the judge there is a connection that will be investigated by a woman judge who is determined to discover the truth. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El vagoneta en el mundo del cine (2012)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sweet Lucia (1999 )Summaries Luca Escobar, best known as Lucy, is a young and poor girl who lives in the countryside of Buenos Aires. Although she is inferior to rich people, she is happy because she has her parents, and because she teaches little poor children of the small town where she lives. Lucy has to face discrimination many times, being called a "Cabecita" by rich people. Even though, she is happy. But everything changes when her father is killed. Lucy knows that the answer to the death of her father has something to do with her mother's mysterious past (she was a rich girl who left her family to live with a poor man), and the only way to find out who killed her father and take revenge is to travel to Buenos Aires, the capital city, and investigate. From then on, Lucy's life will not be the same again. <german@scream-trilogy.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 