nm0010391:

 The Day the Earth Stood Still (2008)541) A remake of the 1951 classic science fiction film about an alien visitor and his giant robot counterpart who visit Earth. Dr. Helen Benson is summoned to a military facility with several other scientists when an alien spacecraft of sorts arrives in New York City. Aboard is a human-like alien and a giant robot of immense size and power. The alien identifies himself as Klaatu and says he has come to save the Earth. The US military and political authorities see him as a threat however and decide to use so-called intensive interrogation techniques on him but Dr. Benson decides to facilitate his escape. When she learns exactly what he means when he says he is there to save the Earth, she tries to convince him to change his intentions. garykmcd From the uncharted vastness of outer space, a mysterious glistening sphere approaches the Earth's atmosphere, threatening not only to obliterate Manhattan but also to annihilate all life forms. As the rapidly moving spaceship decelerates and carefully lands in Central Park encircled by man's puny military forces, the otherworldly visitor, Klaatu, and the colossal automaton of unfathomable power, GORT, emerge from inside. The cryptic humanoid claims that he must save our planet; however, the astrobiologist, Dr Helen Benson, knows that there is more to this enigmatic statement than meets the eye. Is Klaatu, indeed, the bearer of death and destruction? Nick Riganas When a sphere from space lands in New York's Central Park, group of scientists are summoned by the American government under the US Defense secretary, Jackson. The alien - known as Klaatu is brought to a military facility and Dr. Helen Benson decides to help him to escape and become the only chance to save the mankind from destruction. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1928, on an expedition in the snowy Karakoram mountains of India, a mountaineer (Keanu Reeves) encounters a glowing sphere of ice. After breaking away a chunk of ice with his pickaxe, he is blinded by a fierce & ferocious light, then finds himself waking after a sudden loss of consciousness, with the sphere now gone and a scar on his hand. Fast forward to the present day. A famed astrobiologist at Princeton University, Professor Helen Benson (Jennifer Connelly) goes home to make dinner for her stepson Jacob (Jaden Smith) when she receives an odd phone call that "they" are on their way to pick her up. When asked who "they" are, the United States government pulls in front of her house and hastily tell her she is under Federal protection and must leave with them immediately. They arrive at Ft. Linwood in New Jersey where she is assembled with others in a conference room and is shown that a large unknown object with a speed of approximately one-tenth the speed of light is due to impact Manhattan in approximately 78 minutes. She is put on a helicopter along with a group of other scientists to formulate a survival plan. Just as they brace themselves for impact all is quiet. Apparently it has slowed down and is not going to crash. Dr. Benson turns around to look out the window on the helicopter just in time to see a large bright sphere approach the ground. It is a spaceship and it lands very gently in Central Park. A being named Klaatu (Keanu Reeves) emerges from the sphere, around which the military has established a perimeter. Just as Dr. Benson is about to shake hands with the being, it is shot. A gigantic robot emerges, emitting a sound that paralyzes humans and disrupts all electrical systems in New York City. Before the robot can take the being back, it is orderded to shut down by the being. The being is gathered up by the military and rushed to the military hospital where the doctors revive the dying being. A surgeon is brought in to remove the bullet. While attempting to remove the bullet he notices that the being's outer layer is a jelly substance much like whale blubber and it begins to fall off on its own. The theory of this was is that it is the being's "placenta" much like a human baby and that it was "born" here on earth. In 1928 when it landed the first time, the patch of skin removed from the mountaineer's hand was a DNA sample so the being could replicate itself into human form. The being is immediately put into an incubator while it "grows". Time passes and we see a full grown "human" inside the incubator. Once fully grown and awake he begins to thrash around in the incubator and the first person there to speak to him is Dr. Benson. While recovering he is interviewed by Regina Jackson (Kathy Bates), the United States Secretary of Defense, Dr. Michael Granier (Jon Hamm) and Dr. Benson. He introduces himself as Klaatu. He informs them that he is a representative of a group of alien races sent to talk to the world leaders. Jackson laughs at this and tells him that she is the nearest he is going to get to their president and to just tell her what he wants. He refuses so she orders Klaatu instead be sent to a secure location, drugged and interrogated. Dr. Benson volunteers to do the honors of drugging him but instead injects him with a solution of saline while whispering to him "run". During the polygraph Klaatu manages to take mind control of the interrogater and escapes. He makes it as far as a train station when his bullet wound opens and he needs Dr. Benson's help. Dr. Benson is at home with Jacob when she gets the call from the train station that Klaatu is there asking for her and she rushes over there with Jacob in the back seat. After leaving the train station they are pursued by the authorities throughout Newark, New Jersey, and the forested Highlands. The presence of the sphere has caused a worldwide panic. The United States military manages to capture the robot from the beginning whose name is "GORT" (Genetically Organized Robotic Technology) after it thwarts their attempts to destroy the sphere using unmanned aerial vehicles that launch Hellfire missiles. At a McDonald's, Klaatu meets with a Mr. Wu. We learn that he is another alien who had been assigned by the same group of alien civilizations to live with the humans for 70 years. Upon learning from him of humanity's destructive tendencies, Klaatu decides that humans shall be exterminated to ensure that the planet with its rare ability to sustain complex life can survive. Mr. Wu decides to stay on Earth, having seen another side to humanity that he loves. Klaatu can't see this love so he orders smaller spheres previously hidden on Earth to begin taking animal species off the planet. This is compared to Noah and his ark and the flood that destroys the world. Meanwhile the robot, is subjected to experiments in an underground facility in Virginia. It then transforms itself into a swarm of insect-like nanites that begin destroying everything in their path back to Manhattan, including an armored battalion of the U.S. Army. Dr. Benson tries to convince Klaatu that the world is not bad and that humans can change the earth for the better. Still unconvinced she then takes him to the home of Nobel Prize-winning Professor Barnhardt (John Cleese), where they discuss how Klaatu's own species went through a drastic evolution to survive its own star's demise. Klaatu is convinced by Helen and Jacob that humans can change their ways and are worth saving. However instead of quietly sleeping in the next room, Jacob calls a 800 hotline and reports where Klaatu is. He quickly learns his mistake when Dr. Benson is captured by military personnel and he is left alone with Klaatu. The two of them keep heading towards the sphere. Meanwhile, Regina Jackson realizes that convincing the alien to change its mind might be the only way to ensure the survival of humanity. Helen is allowed to leave and together with Dr. Michael Granier they rendezvous with Jacob and Klaatu at a cemetery. At the cemetery, Jacob leads Klaatu to the place where his father is buried. Jacob begs Klaatu to use his powers and bring his father back to life. Klaatu is unable to do this. He consoles Jacob by explaining how no one ever truly dies because the universe has a use for everything. Everything is just transformed into something else. At this moment, Helen and Michael arrive. Helen tells Jacob how much she missed his father and they share a good cry. The scene between the two convinces Klaatu to save humanity. Klaatu recognizes the other side that Mr. Wu loves about humans. Klaatu says he will try to stop it and they head towards the sphere. Dr. Benson notices something is odd the way the entire town has been evacuated and how when after driving through a road block they are not chased by the military vehicles. As they approach the sphere, she yells for Michael to stop the car. Just then, a targeted missile strike authorized by the president hits the sphere. It blasts the car into a tree and kills Michael. Just then the nanobot cloud arrives. Klaatu warns that even if he manages to stop GORT, there will be a price to the human way of life. There is not enough time to make it to the sphere so they run towards a footbridge to hide under. But inside Jacob and Dr. Benson have bloody noses and it is revealed that they have been infected by the nanites and are already starting to die. She pleads with Klaatu to save Jacob. Klaatu saves both of them by transferring the infection to his own body, then sacrifices himself to stop GORT by walking through the nanites to the sphere and touching it. His actions cause the sphere to emit a massive EMP which destroys GORT, saving humanity, but at the price of Earths technology becoming useless and immobile. As the sphere is leaving, Jacob realizes that Klaatu didn't die. He just merged into the giant sphere. The spheres surrounding earth leave with the giant sphere. 
 The Final Cut (2004)651) Set in a world with memory recording implants, Alan Hakman is a cutter, someone with the power of final edit over people's recorded histories. His latest assignment is one that puts him in danger. It's sometime in the near future. Largely on affordability, one in twenty people have Zoe implants inserted at birth, they manufactured by EYE Tech. The implants record what the host sees over his entire life. It is the job of a cutter to edit the footage post-mortem into a rememory for loved ones, it the official record of only the good, editing out for posterity the bad, the ugly and especially the very ugly. Ethically, cutters cannot combine footage from more than one implant for a rememory, cannot sell footage, and cannot have an implant himself. Alan Hakman is known to be the best cutter in the business in his seeming detachment from his subject matter, especially in needing to view that very ugly without judgment. He is arguably able to do so in being a loner, he having a cordial enough business relationship with fellow cutters, with his current girlfriend, Delila, the only other person in his life with some meaning to him. His work and that of his fellow cutters is getting more dangerous as a very vocal anti-implant movement is emerging in society, protesters picketing at high profile memorials where a rememory is shown. Alan's latest job is the very sensitive one of Charles Bannister, one of the first EYE Tech executives to have his rememory done. Two issues arise in the process of this job. First, Fletcher, an ex-cutter who long ago left the business for unspecified reasons, approaches Alan wanting either to take over the job or purchase the Bannister footage, Alan who believes it is to expose the technology for the ill that it has in society by exposing something related to Bannister himself, Fletcher who will go to extreme measures to get that footage. And second, Alan discovers someone from his far past in Bannister's footage, that very bad in Alan's life which he thought was buried long ago literally never to rise from the grave. Huggo The story is set in a world where implanted microchips can record all moments of an individual's life. The chips are removed upon death so the images can be edited into something of a highlight reel for loved ones who want to remember the deceased. Caviezel portrays the leader of the organization that opposes this technology's development. Bubba In a near undefined future, people may have a Zoe microchip implanted in their nervous system to permit their families to retrieve the best moments of their memories and watch on video after their deaths. This process is called "Rememory" and Alan H. Hakman (Robin Williams), a man traumatized by an incident in his childhood, is the best cutter of the Eye Tech Corporation. The company is facing groups that oppose to the "Rememory" and the ex-cutter Fletcher (Jim Caviezel) is leading these opponents. When Alan is assigned to prepare the final cut of the memories of the Eye Tech lawyer Charles Bannister, his Zoe chip is disputed by Fletcher. Meanwhile, Alan finds that he has also an implanted microchip, which is against the rules of a cutter. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Omar Naim's The Final Cut is startlingly different than a conventional science fiction film. It's a compelling fable that offers a vision of a world where memory implants record all moments of a person's life. Post mortem, these memories are removed and edited by a "Cutter" into a reel depicting the life of the departed for a commemorative ceremony, called a Rememory. Robin Williams' powerful portrayal of Alan Hakman, a troubled "cutter," propels this character driven story that forces us to question the power of our memories and the sanctity of our privacy. Michael Umble Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this futuristic tale, Alan Hakman (Robin Williams) witnesses the death of his childhood friend who had fallen off a plank of wood in the abandoned building in which they were playing. Flash to the present, and chips called "Zoe" are inserted into the brain at birth and record a person's entire life; when the person dies, the video is edited and shown at the funeral. Video editor ("cutter") Alan Hakman edits the recordings of people's lives according to the wishes of the subject's family, interviewing the person's family members to get an idea of what to look for in the recordings. Of course, in the case of some unscrupulous people, the bad parts are left out, but the entire recording of a person's life is therefore subject to scrutiny. So, in some cases, Hakman was knowingly burying the bad and highlighting the good. As a result, Alan is turned into a cold megalomaniac, but things change when he stumbles across a subject's memory of his friend, who he thought was dead. In searching for a record of his friend's Zoe chip, he finds none, as only 20% of all people have the implants. What he does find is a record of his own implant, of which he was unaware. He goes about accessing the memory, which shows that Alan's friend was still breathing, and the "blood" Alan thought he remembered stepping in as he was leaving the building turned out to be paint. Meantime, the Zoe chip of his subject is destroyed during a confrontation in his office. Confronted by activists who want his subject's life opened to all, Alan attempts to flee because his memory chip recorded what he saw of the subject's life, but is shot and killed by the activist, who justifies his actions, hence Alan was not killed in vain. Mira Sorvino and James Caviezel also star. 
 The Invisible (2007)321) A teenager is left invisible to the living after an attack. Nick Powell is an excellent high-school student who raises money by selling homework and results of quizzes to his schoolmates. He aims to travel to London for a writer's course - telling his best friend, Pete Egan, that he has already bought the airplane ticket but he has not told his mother yet. Annie Newton has a problem with Pete, who owes her money. As events unfold, due to a case of mistaken identity, Nick takes a severe beating from Annie and her gang, his body dumped in a sewer. The next morning, he discovers he cannot be seen - he is now a spirit in a state of limbo and can only observe as the events of that day unfold. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nick Powell (Justin Chatwin) is a "perfect" high school student leading a "perfect" life. Teen angst plays a big part in his psyche. Annie Newton (Margarita Levieva) is a broken teen who acts out her hatred on everyone, especially Nick. When Nick is beaten within an inch of his life, it becomes the job of his spirit to save himself by finding his body before it dies. But how is going to do this when he is The Invisible? Mom (Marcia Gay Harden) is making a toast to her high-school age son, Nick, at a large gathering. She gives him an inscribed gift. "To Nick, from Mom, make me proud." Following this, Nick proceeds to go the food table and cut the center out of a chocolate cake, taking his piece with him in his bare hands as he heads to the garage. The next morning he awakes in a start. Mom has made him two eggs and bacon arranged on a plate in a happy face. Mom is bugging him about college prep but Nick wants to take a writer's course in London. At school Nick delivers a French essay to fellow student Pete Egan (Chris Marquette). Pete is attacked in the bathroom a group of kids led by Annie for "accepting merchandise and not paying for it." Back in class Nicholas presents his oral poem. The class is engaged as he recites, interrupted by the ringing of the class bell. Nick catches up with Annie group and pays for the merchandise whispering to her "you are so broken." She attacks him in the cafeteria and they both end disciplined. Annie goes home to her family's apartment. Mom and Dad (Desiree Zurowski and Mark Houghton) fight and she makes sure her very young brother Victor Newton (Alex Ferris) gets fed. Nick meets up with Pete showing him his secretly purchased plane ticket to London. He complains that mom has has his life mapped out since his dad died when he was 13. Annie goes out with boyfriend Marcus Bohem (Alex O'Loughlin) and he breaks into a car. She approaches a nearby window jewelry display and smashes out the window to steal a beautiful necklace. They take off in the car and evade arrest. She and Marcus argue and she walks out. He calls the police and reports that she's been stealing at school. The next day at school Pete is watching Annie at her locker. The police arrive and break open her locker. Annie calls boyfriend and tells him he got busted. He plays innocent and she says she knows who did it and will take care of it. Nick says his goodbyes to his friend. Nick arrives home to have his mom tell him the airline called about his flight being changed. Annie and her gang attack Pete. Under physical torture he turns the gang toward Nick who is at home hosting a party. He meets a girl, offering to let her go to London on the flight that leaves in 2 hours. They start making out and she notices he's wearing an old watch when he has a new one. She learns his father gave him the watch he wears. He leaves the house and takes a walk finding himself being followed by a beat up old car. Annie makes his friend sit in the car while her gang beats Nick senseless. His friend begs them to stop. Nick makes a side comment to Annie and she kicks him into the water. The group checks to find he isn't breathing. They panic. Annie demand that they pick him up and they carry him through the woods, his watch dropping along the way. hey drop his body into a storm drain, cover it and and leave him. Arriving at boyfriend Marcus' place she confesses to him that she killed him. She needs an alibi. He tries to toss her out citing his probation status. She notes all the stolen vehicles in his shop, dragging her bloodied hand across them. She burns her clothing by the river. In the next shot Nick walks out of the woods to the road in perfect condition. He realizes no one can see or hear him. The police are investigating his missing person status. Detective Kate Tunney (Michelle Harrison) tells Detective Brian Larson (Callum Keith Rennie) that Nick had a run in with Annie. He notices debris around the entry to the woods. He has a history with Annie's family. A search party is organized. In his bedroom, Nick's mother reads his poetry journal while a bird sits on the porch railing. The bird becomes injured and is dying. A live bird appears on Nick's shoulder and he takes it in his hand. As the bird on the railing slowly dies the bird in his hand disappears and Nick realizes he must still be alive. He tries to lead the search team and he pleads with Annie, who can't hear him, to help. Pete is on the verge of telling the truth. Det. Larson visits Marcus' garage. He asks about the jewelry store smash 'n grab and he says he wasn't with her. Larson tells him he knows she phoned Marcus. Larson asks about the missing person investigation. Marcus stops Pete outside at gunpoint informing him he's being followed by the police. They go out to the woods where they left Nick. Marcus gets Annie's gang together and they call her saying someone is going tell to confess. She calls Pete to meet her sending him to her gang. Marcus shows up with Annie at gunpoint and sends Pete home. Annie takes the gun when they realize the cops have followed them. She escapes. Nick shouts out to her and she responds, "Never!" Nick continues to follow Annie as she shuns him, he knows his only hope for survival is her. After sleeping a night in a school gym, Annie goes to Nick's house. She sees his life of his own room and goes through his possessions. She pours ashes from a small bottle into her hand as Nick's mom enters the room. Annie runs out into the wood and goes to the place she left Nick only to discover he's not there anymore. A nicotine gum pack was left leading Annie to see Pete about where they moved him. Pete admits Nick didn't turn in Annie, nor did he. She finds Marcus and takes him at gunpoint to a ledge. Annie and Marcus end up shooting each other but she calls Det. Larson and tells him she knows where Nick can be found. Pete attempts suicide and as he slowly dies Nick finds Pete's spirit standing beside him. Pete's father comes in before he dies, saving him before it's too late. Nick is rescued from the river and taken to the hospital. Annie fights to get to him despite the gunshot to her abdomen. Nick guides her through the halls to him and he speaks to his mother through Annie. In Nick's room she speaks to him as his spirit moves back to his own body. At that moment, she passes out. A young boy flies and remote controlled airplane over a lake. Nick notices the boy and is concerned that the boy is alone. He explains that his sister was supposed to come with him but she died. Nick suggests they send her a message. They write, "Hey Annie" on the plane's wings and send it out to fly. 
 Deep Rising (1998)Summaries A group of heavily armed hijackers board a luxury ocean liner in the South Pacific Ocean to loot it, only to do battle with a series of large-sized, tentacled, man-eating sea creatures who had already invaded the ship. When a band of ruthless hijackers invade the world's most luxurious cruise ship, they're shocked to discover the passengers have mysteriously vanished! But that doesn't mean they are alone! Something terrifying is lurking just out of sight: a deadly force from the unexplored depths of the ocean that begins to snatch the horrified intruders one by one! Greg Kleiner <LtJGBrewer@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 