nm0004792:

 Demon in the Bottle (1996)Summaries Four teenagers find a lost treasure buried by a 18th century pirate on a desert island. But they accidentally release the monster who lives inside a bottle, keeping the treasure. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lord of Illusions (1995)44) A private detective gets more than he bargains for when he encounters Philip Swan, a performer whose amazing illusions captivate the world, but they are not really what everyone thinks. During a routine case in L.A., NY private investigator Harry D'Amour stumbles over members of a fanatic cult, who are waiting for the resurrection of their leader Nix. 13 years ago, Nix was gunned down by his best trainee Swann. In the meantime Swann is advanced to a popular illusionist like David Copperfield and is married to the charming Dorothea. She hires D'Amour to protect Swann against the evil cult members. A short time later Swann is killed by one of his own tricks and the occurrences are turning over, and it crackles between Dorothea and D'Amour. Sam Beckett <drgr4000@mailszrz.zrz.tu-berlin.de> As a twelve-year-old hostage, Dorothea assists in the brutal murder of her captor, Nix, an evil cult leader with supernatural powers, by his former protege, Philip Swann. Thirteen years later, she seeks the assistance of a detective specializing in the occult when former cult members associated with Swann, now a prominent illusionist, are threatened by Nix's most loyal and sadistic disciple. Molly Rose Steed In 1982, a group led by a man called Swann breaks in a cult in the Mojave Desert to rescue a teenager from the evil leader Nix the Puritan. Thirteen years later, New York private detective Harry D'Amour is assigned to investigate a embezzler that is spending money in Los Angeles and he stumbles upon the fortune teller Quaid that was tortured and murdered by two men. Soon he is hired by Dorothea Swann, the wife of the famous illusionist Philip Swann, to investigate the murder of Quaid. She invites D'Amour to go with her to a show of magic of her husband. When Swann is killed on stage during his act of illusion, D'Amour meets other illusionists in the Magic Castle where he learns that magic does exist, in the beginning of his weird journey to the evil world of Nix. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Saved by the Bell: The New Class (19932000)Summaries A new group of students are now making their way through the halls of Bayside High School. Mr. Belding is still the principal, and Screech is now his assistant. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 )Summaries The saga of high fashion glamour, honor, romance, passion, and most importantly, family. The saga of the rich Forresters and the poor Logans is told against the backdrop of the fashion world in Los Angeles. Forrester Creations is the premiere fashion house in the city, thanks to the designing brilliance of Eric Forrester and the money and social grace of his wife, Stephanie Forrester. The ups and downs of their on-again, off-again marriage parallel the stormy lives of all their children, who have shared lovers and spouses with one another and even with their own father. Ridge Forrester is the arrogant oldest son (whose paternity will eventually be called into question); Thorne, the oft-neglected younger son; Kristen, the sweet but sexually-frigid older daughter; Felicia, the wild child. At the center of many of these storms is the Logan family. Beth Logan, the matriarch, has always carried a torch for Eric. Her three daughters include Brooke, the willful and sexually promiscuous oldest; Donna, the ditsy model; and Katie, who has always felt overshadowed by her more beautiful older sisters. Into the lives of these two families comes the brazen Sally Spectra of Spectra Fashions, a knock-off house that has frequently stolen from Forrester; Taylor Hayes, the beautiful but emotionally-troubled psychiatrist; Sheila Carter, a devious and homicidal nurse; the Marone family, with closer ties to the Forresters than anyone would have dreamed; and many others. Death, divorce, alcoholism, duplicity, betrayal and adultery are the everyday concerns, while murder, attempted murder, rape, impersonations and returns from the dead are the bizarre shocks that happen with dreadful regularity. J. Spurlin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 