nm0005025:

 Dirty Work (1998)541) A loser finds success in the revenge-for-hire business. Mitch and Sam have to come up with $50,000 and fast! The only problem is neither one can hold down a job. Mitch finds a way to money by exploiting the only talents the two have, by opening a "Revenge For Hire" business. Colby Smith <csmith@deltaware.com> In this karmic take of friendship and American ingenuity, Sam McKenna is between a rock and a hard place. His father, "Pops" is hospitalized awaiting lifesaving cardiac surgery. With the help of his pal Mitch, Sam pursues precarious fundraising via dubious entrepreneurship. vickiveritas From a young age, Mitch Weaver and Sam McKenna have been best friends. Now, the pair are losers who have no direction. When Sam's father suffers a heart attack, the pair need to quickly come up with $50,000 for a heart transplant. Having a knack for exacting revenge on people who wronged them, Mitch and Sam start a "revenge-for-hire" business. The pair are given a job that could give them the money to cover the transplant, but they may have gotten more than what they bargained for. A Guy Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in a small Midwest U.S. town, Mitch Weaver and his best friend Sam McKenna are two social misfits who "don't take crap from anyone", as Sam's father, Pops McKenna (Jack Warden) taught them. While in school as young kids, they get a bully arrested for (planted) gun possession, and catch a crossing guard/pedophine kiddie-fondler in the act (with glue). As a teenager, Mitch's single mother dies and he moves in with Sam and his father Pops. Mitch and Sam get revenge against a spiteful meter maid by planting popcorn kernels in her car radiator, and they get revenge against a neighborhood dog that chases them to having them get a homosexual German Shepherd dog to have it's way with the dog that attacks them. (Note: gay and homophobic jokes are the recurring theme throughout the movie.) The film then cuts to their adult lives. After losing 14 jobs in three months and getting dumped by his girlfriend, Mitch (Norm MacDonald as an adult) moves in with Sam (Artie Lange as an adult) and Pops. As grownups in their early 30s, Mitch and Sam still "don't take crap from anyone" when after they get beaten up and humiliated by a group of college frat guys at their local hangout bar, the guys set up the frat guys to get arrested for fighting with the police. A little later, Pops is rushed to the hospital when he has a heart attack. Even though his heart is failing and needs a transplant, the gambling-addicted Dr. Farthing (Chevy Chase) tells Mitch and Sam that he will only raise Pops on the transplant list if he is paid an under-the-table bribe of $50,000 in three weeks. To raise the money, Mitch and Sam try to get jobs any way they can from a failed construction site job, to being payed to sample hallougenic brownies. Mitch and Sam get jobs in a movie theater with an abusive manager named Mr. Hamilton (Don Rickles), who mocks and pokes fun of the slow-witted and overweight Sam, and the wise-cracking Mitch. The guys exact their revenge by showing a premier film of "Men In Black (Who Like To Have Sex With Each Other)" a gay porn film parody to a packed house. The other workers congratulate them and tell them they should open their own business. Mitch and Sam open "Dirty Work", a revenge-for-hire business. They exact increasingly lucrative reprisals for satisfied customers until they interfere with unscrupulous local property developer Travis Cole (Christopher McDonald). Cole tricks them into destroying "his" apartment building, promising to pay them enough to save Pops. Afterwards, Cole reneges, revealing that he is not the owner. However, the grandmother of Mitch's new girlfriend Kathy (Traylor Howard) lives there. Unknown to Cole, Mitch's "note to self" tape recorder captures this confession. Mitch and Sam plot their revenge on Cole, using the tape to set up an elaborate trap. Using skunks, an army of prostitutes, homeless men, a nose-less friend, the brownies with hallucinogenic additives, and Sam's father, they ruin the opening night of an opera sponsored prominently by Cole. With the media present, Mitch plays back Cole's confession over the theater's sound system. Cole sees that his public image is being tarnished and agrees to pay the $50,000. In the end, Cole is punched in the stomach, arrested and jailed, his dog is raped by a skunk, and Mitch gets the girl. Pop's gets his heart transplant and lives, while Dr. Farthing overcomes his gambling habit, but is said to have been murdered by his angry bookies anyway. 
 Son of the Mask (2005)44) Tim Avery, an aspiring cartoonist, finds himself in a predicament when his dog stumbles upon the mask of Loki. Then after conceiving an infant son "born of the mask", he discovers just how looney child raising can be. Tim Avery is a cartoonist who loves his dog Odis. Then one day Odis finds a strange green mask. Then Tim puts it on and has a baby with his wife with the mask on. The baby then gets ahold of powers of the mask. Meanwhile Loki (Alan Cumming) must find the mask before Odin gets mad A cartoonist named Tim Avery loves his dog, Otis, more than anything in the world. But when Tim and his wife have a baby, Otis starts to feel left out. But then Otis finds an enchanted mask and plots to be rid of the baby once and for all, but is unsuccessful. Meanwhile, up in Valhalla, Odin is infuriated at Loki for losing the mask and orders him to go get it... Josh f. Aspiring cartoonist Tim Avery is feeling inadequate about being a father when he finds that his newborn son has some amazing abilities - the baby has the powers of the Mask of Loki, a mythological object that transforms its user into a manic shape-shifter alter-ego. As bad as a baby with godlike powers might seem, the 'really' bad news is that Loki wants his mask back... austin4577@aol.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Me, Myself & Irene (2000)761) A nice-guy cop with Dissociative Identity Disorder must protect a woman on the run from a corrupt ex-boyfriend and his associates. Charlie Baileygates (Jim Carrey) is a Rhode Island state trooper with multiple personalities. He is otherwise mild-mannered and non-confrontational until somebody or something pushes him a little too far. That's when his maniacal alter-ego, Hank, takes over. Charlie is assigned on a routine mission to return alleged fugitive Irene Waters (Rene Zellweger) back to upstate New York, but they wind up on the run from corrupt Police Officers. And their escape would be a lot simpler on everybody involved if Hank didn't keep stepping in at the most inopportune times. <jgp3553@excite.com> It had all started when a patrol officer named Charlie Baileygates (Jim Carrey) was married. Unfortunately, his wife left him for the short Black guy who was their limousine driver (Tony Cox). Charlie is single again and taking care of three children. A series of misfortunes for Charlie developed an inner anger within him, then it came out in a form of another personality known as Hank Evans. While Charlie is nice, kind, and usually calm, Hank is the polar opposite of Charlie, being outrageous, mean, and short-tempered. Luckily, Charlie told his doctor about this other personality, who prescribed him with medication to suppress Hank. One day, Charlie was assigned to personally escort a woman named Irene Waters (Rene Zellweger) to a prison in upstate New York. Then, a series of unfortunate events happen as Charlie and Irene run into a group of corrupt cops and Irene's abusive ex-boyfriend, Dickie Thurman (Daniel Greene). In the middle of it all, Charlie loses his medication and now fears that Hank will present himself and make the situation worse. While running, Charlie and Irene fall for each other (and so does Hank). Now, Charlie and Irene must stop the dirty cops, Irene's ex-boyfriend, and stay one step ahead of Hank. John Wiggins This is the story of a sweet-natured fellow named Charlie Baileygates (Jim Carrey), a trooper in the Rhode Island State Police. He is otherwise mild-mannered and non-confrontational until somebody or something pushes him a little too far. That's when his maniacal alter-ego, Hank Evans, takes over. After Charlie developed multiple personalities, Colonel Partington (Robert Forster) forces Charlie to escort Miss Irene Waters (Rene Zellweger), a woman wanted by the Police in upstate New York, back to her hometown, but when he discovers she's really being set up for murder, he helps her flee back to the safety of his own jurisdiction. It's all up to Charlie to keep Irene save from her evil corrupt ex-boyfriend Dickie Thurman (Daniel Greene), along with his associates, who plan on killing her, thinking she knows everything that's going on. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Jim Carrey plays a Rhode Island state trooper named Charlie Baileygates who has Dissociative Identity Disorder. One personality is crazy and aggressive, while the other is more friendly and laid back. Both of these personalities fall in love with the same woman named Irene Waters (Rene Zellweger) after Charlie loses his medication. Michael S. Hatch <KingMixer909@hotmail.com> A pacifistic Rhode Island state trooper who's too nice for his own good develops Dissociative Identity Disorder, with his alter ego being the complete opposite of everything he is in manner. Complications ensue when he's assigned to escort a woman back to upstate New York and ends up falling in love with her. But the woman has shady people on her trail who want to take her - and now him - out of the picture. MonkeyKingMA Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Charlie Baileygates (Jim Carrey), is an 18-year veteran of the Rhode Island State Police trooper who has been taken advantage of by people throughout his life. Immediately after his marriage, his shrewd wife, Layla (Traylor Howard), cheats on him with a violatle dwarf limosine driver, named Shont (Tony Cox), who, like Layla, is a member of Mensa. Although Charlie's friends try informing him of his wife's infidelity, he still denies the possibility. Layla eventually runs off with Shont; leaving Charlie to raise three black sons that are the products of Layla's adulterous affair with the limo driver. Charlie never sees his wife ever again. His wife affair and abandonment leaves Charlie so emotionally damaged to such the extent that he lets himself be verbaly and physically abused by others. Despite him being a police officer, all his neighbors and other citizens reject his authority with open scorn because they see him as a pushover as well as a weak and ineffective person. Flashing forward 15 years, Charlie continues to raise and spoil his three illigimate African-American sons Jamal (Anthony Anderson), Lee Harvey (Mongo Brownlee) and Shont Jr. (Jerod Mixon), all of whom have become overweight from poor and unbalanced diets as well as use vulger and profane language from being allowed to watch foul-mouthed stand-up comedien movies from Richard Pryor to Chris Rock. Yet, all people in town continue to treat Charlie with scorn and abuse; his own neighbor steals his newspaper and allows his pet dog to deficate on the front lawn of his house; a little girl curses and insults him; a mutual friend continues to illegaly park his car and tear up parking tickets that Charlie gives him. Every townsperson on the street that Charlie interacts with takes advantage of his kind personality to further abuse him. After all the continous abuse and disrespect, Charlie's anger builds up, but he continues to keep it repressed until suddenly after a shrewd "soccer mom" delibrately cuts in front of him at a supermarket line, Charlie suddenly developes a rude, foul-mouthed, violent split personality named Hank. Within minutes, "Hank" gets revenge against all the people that have done "Charlie" wrong until he gets arrested by his own police co-workers. At the urging of his boss Colonel Partington (Robert Forester), Charlie visits a psychiatrist who tells him that his alter-ego Hank was created by decades of repressed anger and frustration, stemming from his wife's abandonment to his friends and neighbors scorning him, which has led to "advanced delusionary schizophrenia with involuntary narcissistic rage." The psychiatrist prescribes him a medicine to keep his double personality suppressed. Believing that Charlie needs a vacation, Col. Partington tells him to escort a woman named Irene Waters (Rene Zellweger) to Massena, New York because it was reported that she committed a hit and run that was actually committed by Dickie (Daniel Greene), Irene's partner. When some hit men arrive with a contract on Irene's life, Charlie agrees to help her escape, while two United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) agents are killed by the hit men. Charlie leaves his medicine behind, causing his alter ego, Hank, to surface any time he wants. Two FBI agents, Agent Boshane (Richard Jenkins) and Agent Peterson (Zen Gesner), suspect that Charlie is responsible for the assassination of the two EPA agents. While pretending to work with the police to find their father, Charlie's three sons throw the police off their father's trail, and they proceed to steal a police helicopter to get to Charlie before the police. Meanwhile, Dickie orders some corrupt agents to kill both Charlie and Irene to prevent them from testifying against the EPA where Irene used to work for on dirty dealings. After they fail, Dickie decides to settle the matter himself. During the confrontation with Dickie, Charlie manages to eliminate the alternate personality, Hank. Eventually, he manages to stop Dickie, and put an end to the corruption. With Hank gone, and all the members of the conspiracy behind bars, the film ends Irene's departure. Charlie, however, makes a road block and arrests her in order to surprise her with a marriage proposal, which she accepts. After the credits roll, there is an additional scene in which Charlie, Irene, the boys and waiter Whitey try to find Charlie's severed thumb which was blasted into a river earlier, but to no avail. 
 Monk (20022009)55) The series follows Adrian Monk, a brilliant former San Francisco detective, who now consults the police as a private consultant who battles with an obsessive-compulsive disorder. After the unsolved murder of his wife, Trudy, Adrian Monk develops obsessive-compulsive disorder, which includes his terror of germs and contamination. His condition costs him his job as a prominent homicide detective in the San Francisco Police Department, but he continues to solve crimes with the help of his assistant and his former boss. Jwelch5742 Adrian Monk, once a prominent homicide detective in San Francisco, California. Now a lonely consultant for the police. Filled with a laundry list of obsessive compulsive disorders and phobias caused from the unsolved murder of his wife. This brilliant broken man tries to regain the stature he once had through each new case with the help of the ones who never gave up on him. While also trying to survive each day and its trials as cleanly and neatly as possible. Filled with laughs, gasps and tears. Monk, is an original award winning detective show that the world hasn't seen in a long time. Josh Burton Former Police Detective Adrian Monk ( Tony Shalhoub ) has suffered from intensified obsessive-compulsive disorder and a variety of phobias since the murder of his wife, Trudy (Stellina Rusich and Melora Hardin), in 1997. Despite his eidetic memory and his amazing ability to piece tiny clues together, he is now on psychiatric leave from the San Francisco Police Department. Aided by his friend and practical nurse, Sharona Fleming ( Bitty Schram ), Monk works as a freelance Detective and consultant, hoping to convince his former boss, Captain Leland Stottlemeyer ( Ted Levine ), to allow him to return to the force. Stottlemeyer wavers between admiration for Monk and annoyance at his eccentricities. Also, he harbors serious doubts about the wisdom of allowing Monk to carry a gun. Stottlemeyer's second-in-command, Lieutenant Randall Disher ( Jason Gray-Stanford ), also has his doubts about Monk, but seems to be developing a reluctant admiration for the "defective detective". CarolT Detective Adrian Monk (Tony Shalhoub) used to have a minor case of obsessive-compulsive disorder. Then, the murder of his wife, Trudy (Stellina Rusich and Melora Hardin), and his inability to solve the case exacerbated his condition to the point where he finds it impossible to function in society without assistance. He hires Sharona Fleming (Bitty Schram), a nurse and single mother, as his personal assistant, as well as his Watson for when he investigates cases the Police can't solve, to pay the bills. After three seasons, Sharona got tired of the frustrating job and re-married her husband. Monk's new assistant was Natalie Teeger (Traylor Howard), whose loss of her own partner allows her a deeper bond with him than Sharona could ever have. rmlohner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 