nm0002436:

 Thir13en Ghosts (2001)321) When Cyrus Kriticos, a very rich collector of unique things, dies, he leaves house and fortune to his nephew and his family. While they're inside, they find they are not alone. Arthur and his two children, Kathy and Bobby, inherit his Uncle Cyrus's estate: a glass house that serves as a prison to 12 ghosts. When the family, accompanied by Bobby's Nanny and an attorney, enter the house they find themselves trapped inside an evil machine "designed by the devil and powered by the dead" to open the Eye of Hell. Aided by Dennis, a ghost hunter, and his rival Kalina, a ghost rights activist out to set the ghosts free, the group must do what they can to get out of the house alive. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ghost hunter Cyrus Kriticos (F. Murray Abraham) and assistant Dennis Rafkin (Matthew Lillard) lead a team on a mission to capture a spirit, called the Juggernaut, in a junkyard. Several of the men are killed during the ensuing fight, including Cyrus himself. However, the team is able to catch the ghost. Arthur Kriticos (Tony Shalhoub), a mathematician who is also a widower, is informed by the estate lawyer of his uncle Cyrus, Benjamin Moss (JR Bourne), that he has inherited a mansion. Arthur and his financially insecure family plan to move into this mansion with his two children, Kathy (Shannon Elizabeth) and Bobby (Alec Roberts). Their babysitter/nanny Maggie (Rah Digga) accompanies the family. Dennis Rafkin, disguised as a power company employee, meets the family and Benjamin as they tour the mansion. The residence is made almost entirely of glass. It contains Latin phrases etched on floors and movable glass walls, along with priceless artefacts. Arthur and his family are eager about inheriting this new home, and while Arthur is discussing financial matters with the attorney, Kathy and Bobby venture off on their own to explore the mansion. After seeing several ghosts in the basement, Dennis frantically runs upstairs to warn Arthur about the home he is about to own. Benjamin assures Arthur that Dennis is crazy and should be ignored. Dennis tells Arthur that there are twelve spirits are imprisoned in the house, held captive by the spells written throughout the residence. Benjamin Moss is seen sneaking off to collect a valise of money which was intended to be payment. However, upon taking the money, he activates a mechanism set up by Cyrus that seals the entrance and releases the ghosts, one by one. Consequently, Moss encounters one of them, the Angry Princess, and backs up into an open doorway, which snaps shut and slices him in half. Later the existence of ghosts is proven to the skeptical Arthur, when he witnesses an attack on his daughter by the ghost known as the Jackal. Bobby, the younger of the two children, disappears after getting separated from Maggie and he wanders into the basement. There he encounters several spirits, including the Torso and the Bound Woman. Arthur manages to find Kathy, and the two battle the Jackal. Kalina Oretzia (Embeth Davidtz), a spirit liberator, helps Arthur free Kathy from the Jackal's grip, only to be lost again a few moments later. After this, Arthur's objective is clear - to find his children and leave this house as soon as possible. This becomes problematic for two reasons: only those equipped with special glasses are able to see the ghosts; and the walls continue to shift, making navigation difficult. Kalina explains that this is not a house - it is a complex machine built by Cyrus, known as the "Ocularis Infernum" (Eye of Hell.) Created by the Devil and powered by the dead, once completed, this demonic device would allow its user to see into the future. To Arthur's horror, he discovers one of the ghosts powering this machine is the spirit of his dead wife, Jean. Kalina goes on to tell Arthur that his children are in grave danger, and the only way to ensure their successful return is to offer his soul in exchange. If Arthur takes his place as the 13th ghost, his sacrifice of pure love would combat all of the evil contained within the machine, thus shutting it down. Cyrus is revealed to be alive, having faked his death in order to lure Arthur to the house; Kalina turns out to be his secret partner and lover, and knocks Maggie unconscious. Cyrus has orchestrated the previous events, including the abduction of Kathy and Bobby, so that Arthur will become the 13th ghost not to stop the machine, as Kalina had claimed, but to trigger it. Cyrus then turns on Kalina and crushes her between two glass walls, claiming "greatness requires sacrifice." Arthur and Dennis make another attempt to save Kathy and Bobby with the help of a detached wall. Facing the Hammer, Dennis pushes Arthur into a corner where he is then protected by the wall, sacrificing his own life in the process. After combating the Hammer, Dennis finds himself cornered by the angry spirit and the newly released Juggernaut; he is brutally beaten and dies when the Juggernaut breaks him in half. Trapped behind the glass, Arthur is visited by Jean's ghost. Then, all the ghosts disappear from the basement, responding to a tape-recorded summons played by Cyrus. Kathy and Bobby have been placed at the center of a set of whirling, razor-sharp rings. Arthur and Cyrus have a violent confrontation , which is interrupted by the sound of Maggie beginning to destroy the machine. Due to this breakdown in equipment, the ghosts are released from their trance. All the ghosts except Jean immediately grab Cyrus, and hurl him into the spinning rings. Dennis' ghost then appears, telling Arthur to go to his kids. Waiting for a break in the razor rings, Arthur jumps to save his children, making the leap without dying. The house's glass walls shatter, releasing the spirits from captivity. A peacful-looking Jean lingers briefly to say goodbye to her family, then departs with the others. The film ends with a battered Maggie walking through the wreckage yelling, "I quit!" 
 American Pie 2 (2001)431) Jim and his friends are now in college, and they decide to meet up at the beach house for some fun. The whole gang are back and as close as ever. They decide to get even closer by spending the summer together at a beach house. They decide to hold the biggest party ever to be seen, even if the preparation doesn't always go to plan. Especially when Stifler, Finch and Jim become more close to each other than they ever want to be and when Jim mistakes super glue for lubricant. FilmFanUK After their first year at college, the guys reunite for another summer of fun. Jim continues his quest for sexual independence by seeking the help of his old prom date, Michele, after an unexpected call from Nadia who plans to visit Jim. Meanwhile, Kev and Vicky find themselves in an awkward situation after having broken up for a year. Oz must deal with a long distance relationship when Heather heads off to France to study abroad. Old feuds die hard as the ever-so-horny Stifler harbors his hatred toward Finch, who is practicing the Hindu practice of Tantra. MonkeyKingMA Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After their first year at different colleges, the guys reunite once again and plan their summer. Looking for a good idea, Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas) turns to his brother (Casey Afleck) for advices. His brother suggest spending summer in a beach house and throw a bunch of parties with the last one being the biggest. All 4 friends agree but soon realise that they're gonna need an extra man to invest too. Stifler (Sean William Scott), the oversexed college clown gets invited along by Kevin. After arriving in Grand Harbor they manage to find work painting a house (based on the Tuition Painters franchise) in the area together. Because the owners of the house are two hot women, Stifler assumes they're lesbians. When the women leave the house, Stifler goes in to try and find proofs. Unfortunately, the women return quickly and find the guys hidden in the house. Instead of calling the cops, they decide to make fun of the guys. Jim (Jason Biggs), Stifler and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) end up performing "like for like" sexual acts on each other in return for being able to watch the girls doing the same thing. Meanwhile, Oz (Chris Klein) and Kevin take turns watching up a ladder and listening on the walkie-talkie also in the room. The conversation is accidentally picked up and heard by many other people in the neighborhood. The whole thing ends when the girls offer to have sex in front of them if the guys will go down on each other. Stifler accepts but Jim and Finch just run away. After this, many concurrent stories run at the same time, some interacting with each other, other staying mainly separate. Jim learns that Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), his high school crush from the first American Pie film, is coming to visit him in August. Nervous and insecure about his sex skills, and wanting to impress Nadia and make sure she forgets about his poor performance in the first movie, Jim seeks out Michelle (Alyson Hannigan), the band geek, to ask for a review on his performance with her. He finds her at band camp and makes a fool out of himself in front of the audience when he pretends to be Petey, a mentally challenged boy who plays the trombone. Michelle reveals that Jim wasn't really good but also offers to teach him how to get better. At night, Jim tries to watch a porno but ends up mistaking a tube of lube with a tube of super glue, gluing his hand to his penis. After going to the hospital, Jim learns he shouldn't use his penis for a few weeks. Not long after, Nadia shows up a few weeks in advance and obviously looking to get naughty with Jim. Jim doesn't want to reveal what happened and search for an excuse to keep Nadia away for a while so he can heal. He turns to Michelle. They pretend to be in a relationship so that Nadia will not expect Jim to have sex with her. Meanwhile, Michelle teaches Jim a few tricks to be a good lover. When Jim realises he's ready for sex again, he and Michelle breaks up in front of Nadia in an over-the-top fashion. As soon as Michelle closes the door of the house, it is revealed that she had developped real feelings for Jim. Soon after, Jim realises that he has fallen for Michelle too. Even Nadia realizes this and tells him, "Go, get your band geek, and I will find mine". Jim goes and plays the trombone once more whilst Michelle is playing the flute at a major recital in order to show her that she is the one he wants to be with. He returns to the big party with Michelle as his official girlfriend. Oz is lonely, being away from his girlfriend Heather (Mena Suvari) who is studying in Spain. To work out their mutual sexual frustrations from being away from each other, they proceed to start having phone sex. Unfortunately, they are interrupted by Heather's roomates the first time. And by Stifler very undiscreetly listening to the conversation the second time. They both resign themselves to wait for Heather's return. Unable to wait any longer, Heather grabs an earlier flight and surpises Oz at the party. Finch has become involved in the sexual art of Tantra, and claims that through Tantra he can "make an orgasm last for days". He is waiting for Stifler's Mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whom he had sex with in the first film, hoping she will show up and be willing to do it again. When Stifler is talking on the phone and seems to invite someone to their house, Finch assumes it's Stifler's mom, but it turns out to be his little brother Matt (Eli Marienthal), the star of later films. Finch is frustrated, but accept his fate. He spends the big party surrounded by girls and chatting with them. Even though he doesn't get any action, he seems happy. Matt, Stifler's brother, is having a lousy night at his brother's party when Stifler gives him a walkie-talkie and throws him outside to look out for cops. Being bored, he starts playing with the talkie, not knowing that one of the talkies is still at the ''lesbians" house. The girls starts answering Matt. The conversation is not revealed, but Matt shows up at the party with both girls at his arms. Stifler makes fun of him for getting lesbians untill one them says: "Who said we're lesbians?". Stifler understands they're not lesbians and begs to have sex with them. The girls agree. Stifler allows his brother back in the party and leaves with both women. Meanwhile, Kevin spends most of his time trying to understand the new terms of his relationship with his ex-girlfriend, Vicky (Tara Reid), as just friends. He doesn't end up "getting off" with anyone, but he does seem to succeed in getting over her. The geeky Sherman (Chris Owen) gives up on getting anyone after he is turned down by the experienced and savvy Jessica (Natasha Lyonne). In his depressed state, he starts a conversation with Nadia who has just let Jim go. While talking, she finds herself turned on by his "Sherminator" gimmick, and they run together to have sex somewhere. The morning after the big party, the guys are packing the car to return home when a car stops by. Driving the car is Stifler's mom. Finch exchange a few words with her and jumps in the car. They drive off together, unbeknownst to Stifler who just sees the car driving away. When Stifler realises that Finch is missing he finally understands what just happened. 
 American Pie (1999)431) Four teenage boys enter a pact to lose their virginity by prom night. Jim, Oz, Finch and Kevin are four friends who make a pact that before they graduate they will all lose their virginity. The hard job now is how to reach that goal by prom night. Whilst Oz begins singing to grab attention and Kevin tries to persuade his girlfriend, Finch tries any easy route of spreading rumors and Jim fails miserably. Whether it is being caught on top of a pie or on the Internet, Jim always ends up with his trusty sex advice from his father. Will they achieve their goal of getting laid by prom night? Or will they learn something much different? Film_Fan At a high-school party, four friends (Jim, Kevin, Finch, and Oz) find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to try to be the first to "score." And of course, the senior prom is their last best chance. As the fateful date draws near, the boys wonder who among them will get lucky. More importantly, do they really want to do it at all? Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. American Pie, set in the year 1999, focuses on a group of four close friends in their senior year at the fictional East Great Falls High School in west Michigan; Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Chris "Oz" Ostreicher (Chris Klein), Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who is better known by his surname. Kevin is confident and charming and is dating his long-term girlfriend, Vicky Lathum (Tara Reid); Oz is a laid-back member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim is socially awkward and sexually nave and suffers pressure and questionable advice from his father (Eugene Levy); while Finch is a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate who plays golf and wears sports jackets. The four have very differing personalities, but share a common characteristic; they are all virgins, in sharp contrast to popular lacrosse player and arrogant jock Steve Stifler (Seann William Scott), whose wild, extravagant house parties they are regularly invited to. While at one of Stifler's such parties, the four each attempt to score with various girls at the party with very limited success. Oz is humiliated by an older girl, Finch is too late for the party and Jim attempts to talk to Czechoslovakian exchange student Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), but fails completely. Kevin receives fellatio from Vicky, but she overhears him complaining about it to Jim and promptly dumps him. The next morning, the four wake up hungover and depressed, to find ultra-nerd Chuck "Sherminator" Sherman (Chris Owen) seeing off a pretty girl, and are left shocked and frustrated when The Sherminator claims that he lost his virginity to her the same night. Kevin decides to take a stand and defiantly declares that the four will make a pact, to lose their virginity before the school prom and graduation. Later, while eating breakfast in a restaurant, they toast each other to 'the next step' and formulate individual plans to achieve sexual success. Kevin immediately sets out to win Vicky back, but has to work very hard to even get a chance with her, and begins to seek advice from others. Vicky's best friend Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) reveals to Kevin that, despite his thinking otherwise, Vicky has never felt an orgasm from Kevin, and that he has to work on that above everything else. His older brother Tom (Casey Affleck) then passes onto Kevin the secret of 'The Bible' - a manual of love and sex compiled by various East Great Falls students over several decades. Both Jessica and Tom divulge their advice only after Kevin stresses he wants to make Vicky happy, rather than simply taking advantage of her for his pact. Kevin finally seizes a chance to make things up with Vicky, and performs oral sex on her in her bedroom using his new techniques. Vicky experiences an intense orgasm and is driven wild by Kevin, winning him the promise of sex at the prom after-party in the process. Meanwhile, Oz joins the school's jazz choir in an effort to lose his stereotyped reputation as a muscleheaded lacrosse jock and find a loving girlfriend there. He is mocked relentlessly at first by his friends and the other choir members, but soon wins the attention of Heather (Mena Suvari), one of the choir singers who also suffers being stereotyped as a priss. She swiftly asks him out to the prom with her, but changes her mind upon seeing Stifler and his friends mocking her, and assuming Oz was doing the same. A desperate Oz volunteers to become lead vocalist alongside Heather to try and regain her trust. He succeeds when she catches him tirelessly rehearsing alone in the theatre, and pays him a visit after-hours at the sandwich bar he works at to reconcile. Their relationship is dealt another blow when Oz realizes his last ever lacrosse game for East Great Falls clashes with the choir competition, but a frustrated Oz decides to abandon the game halfway-through and rushes over to the music hall, where he makes it just in time. He performs the long-awaited duet with Heather to rapturous applause from the audience, including Kevin and Jim themselves. After Oz describes third base to Jim as "like warm apple pie", a curious Jim temporarily loses his sanity and has full missionary sex with a freshly-baked apple pie left on the table by his mother (giving the film its eponymous title). His father walks in on the act and is left stunned and disappointed by his son's actions. Now almost without hope, Jim has a stroke of luck when Nadia, seemingly at random, asks him if she can come round to his house and study with him. After dropping the crucial detail that she'll be coming straight from ballet practice and will need to change, Stifler persuades Jim to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch Nadia stripping together over the internet. Upon Nadia's arrival, Jim sets up the webcam and dashes across the street to join Kevin and Finch at Kevin's house. Against expectation, an almost-naked Nadia discovers Jim's pornography collection and begins to passionately masturbate on his bed, causing a riotous reaction from Stifler, Kevin and Finch on the other end, as well as Stifler's young brother Matt (Eli Marienthal). Kevin and Finch force Jim to go back and seduce her while the moment lasts, which ends with Nadia forcing Jim to strip and dance for her while she reads his pornography. By now, various groups of East Great Falls seniors, including members of Blink 182, are watching the live action in excited anticipation, as Sherman reveals that Jim accidentally addressed the webcam link to everybody in the entire school directory. Nadia then seduces Jim and sits him down next to her on the bed, but unfortunately, he prematurely ejaculates, disappointing Nadia and completely grossing out his live web audience. A desperate Jim pleads for Nadia not to go and wins her around, but when Nadia takes her panties off, he involuntarily ejaculates again upon touching her clitoris. Nadia swiftly exits, leaving Jim a nervous wreck. The next day, Jim has become the laughing stock of the entire high school and is left despondent and depressed, especially upon hearing that Nadia has been immediately sent back home to Czechoslovakia by her sponsors after the incident. However, he senses luck when unpopular band geek Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) randomly begins to talk to him. Upon revealing she knows nothing about the webcam incident, he seizes the opportunity to ask her out to the prom with him, which she gleefully accepts. Finch at first appears to have no plan, but Kevin's suspicions arise when corroborative rumours begin flying around the school that Finch has legendary sexual prowess, has had relations with older women, and that he even knocked out Stifler in a fight. Kevin investigates and discovers that Finch paid Jessica $200 to spread the rumours under the pretense of truth. Finch quickly becomes the most talked-about and most awe-inspiring senior in the whole school, with hordes of girls desperate to go to the prom with him. However, Stifler, angry about the rumours against him, spikes Finch's mochaccino with laxatives, and promptly dupes him into using the girls' restroom, where Finch suffers explosive diarrhea in the presence of several senior girls. Afterwards, he emerges to a torrent of mockery, laughter and abuse from a hysterical crowd of seniors, with Stifler at the helm, and is left humiliated, broken and completely dateless. The prom night finally comes around. Finch is the only one of the four who attends alone, but Jessica, also alone and feeling guilty for taking his money, offers to dance with him, even giving him a brand new hip flask as a gift for his troubles. The prom itself is cheap, tacky and uneventful and derided by most of the students, but a cocky, bragging Kevin sees it as a good time to query his friends for a "status check" on their pact. Oz and Finch are disinterested, and a burnt-out Jim lets loose and rages at Kevin for causing all the pressure, insisting that sex isn't at all as important as they previously made out. The outburst shatters Kevin's bravado and makes him wonder whether things will truly go as planned between him and Vicky. However, their spirits are all collectively lifted, when Chuck Sherman's partner at the prom gets up onto the stage and announces in front of everybody that Chuck is a liar and is actually still a virgin. Chuck wets himself in embarrassment, and the four boys excitedly catch the bus to Stifler's huge post-prom party at his mansion on Lake Michigan. As the party begins to gain traction, the four boys all individually fulfill their pact with almost no conscious effort. Kevin and Vicky go to an upstairs bedroom where they finally have sex for the first time, but their desires for perfection and timing cause the interaction to become rigid and awkward throughout. While walking along the lakeside, an emotional Oz confesses the pact to Heather, who becomes wary, but he renounces the pact and declares that he's already won just by being with her at the prom. They passionately embrace each other at the dockside, naturally and fluidly moving into their first sexual experience. Meanwhile, Jim is snoozing through Michelle's immature band camp stories, but chokes on his drink when she reveals she knows more about orgasms than she's letting on. Michelle leads him upstairs, where she reveals she actually knew all along about the webcam incident, only accepting Jim's date because he was a "sure thing". Jim finally gets to have disaster-free sex, but Michelle is dominant and violently aggressive, shouting abuse at Jim, roughing him up and smashing things up with her hands and feet out of sheer passion. Finally, a bored Finch wanders around restricted areas of the house and bumps into Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whose aura and natural beauty takes him aback. After some sophisticated, upper-class conversation and flirting, she becomes aroused by Finch's precociousness, and they proceed to make love on the snooker table as the party goes on through the night. Dawn breaks early the next morning over Stifler's mansion, which is littered with sleeping seniors. Oz watches the sun rise with a smile as Heather snuggles into his lap at the lakeside, the couple looking extremely content. Kevin and Vicky are also awake, but both are contemplative and neither seem happy. Vicky amicably breaks up with Kevin, citing their separation due to their choice of university and the physical distance it causes, a topic she discussed earlier with Jessica. Kevin is left saddened, but accepts Vicky's reasoning. Meanwhile, Jim wakes up and goes to cuddle Michelle in bed, only to find himself hugging an inflatable toy shark with no Michelle in sight. He quickly realizes Michelle used and abused him for a sordid one night stand, but is left brimming with happiness at how cool the prospect of being used is. Finally, Finch is asleep with Stifler's mom when a hungover Stifler enters the room; he is so shocked at the sight that he collapses and passes out. Later on, Kevin, Oz, Jim and Finch all go to their favorite hang-out restaurant, the fittingly-named "Dog Years", for breakfast. Far from celebrating their pact with stories, they all remain very conservative and hushed about their experiences the night before, with Oz gleefully refusing to even confirm whether he had sex or not. Regardless, the four lads are now collectively happier than they ever were before, and once again toast each other to 'the next step' as they prepare to leave high school and move away to university. The film ends with Jim setting up his webcam in his room once again, and stripping and dancing to country music. Nadia is on the other end, back in her home country, smiling and laughing at Jim. His father walks in on the act, but sees the funny side. He walks out and starts dancing down the corridor, presumably to make love to his wife, as he seductively mutters "sweetheart!". 
 Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back (2001)321) The comic "Bluntman and Chronic" is based on real-life stoners Jay and Silent Bob, so when they get no profit from a big-screen adaptation, they set out to wreck the movie. Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back is a tale of adventure on the open road. When Dante and Randal (of Clerks fame) get a restraining order to keep the punchy Jay and his hetero life-mate, Silent Bob, from selling drugs in front of the Quick Stop convenience store, their lives are suddenly empty. They find new purpose when their friend, Brodie, informs them a movie is being made featuring two infamous characters based on their likenesses. After visiting one of the creators of the Bluntman and Chronic, Holden McNeil, they set out to get what fat movie cash they deserve and hopefully put an end to people slandering them on the Internet. Along the way, they learn the rules of the road from a hitchhiking George Carlin, ride with a group of gorgeous jewel thieves, and incur the wrath of a hapless wildlife marshal for liberating an orangutan named Suzanne. The quest takes them from New Jersey to Hollywood where a showdown involving the police, the jewel thieves, and the Bluntman and Chronic filmmakers will decide the fate of Suzanne, Jay, Silent Bob, and their good names. Lordship Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in the early 1970s in front of the Quick Stop Groceries and the Record Rack stores in Leonardo, NJ. A kindly mother leaves a stroller with her toddler son, Bob, in front of the store while she goes inside to buy food. She gives the boy a baseball cap that she puts on his head with the visor turned backwards. Another mother, more foulmouthed and demeaning toward her own toddler, Jay, leaves her stroller in front of the store while she goes into the record store to score drugs. A man walks out & asks her who'll be watching the kids while their mothers are inside. The woman lets loose with a torrent of foul language, laced liberally with the F-word, attacking the man for questioning how she raises her kid. The guy walks away, disgusted The child of the foul-mouthed mother stands up in his stroller and begins to recite the F-word in rhythmic fashion and the scene dissolves to the two boys as young adults; they have grown up to become the foul-mouthed Jay and his taciturn companion, Silent Bob. The duo stand in front of the stores (the Quick Stop is still there but the record store has changed to RST Video) most days and deal drugs. When a couple of teenagers approach them, Jay launches into a rap sales pitch reminiscent of Morris Day & the Time's "Jungle Love". When the younger teen derides the song, Jay grabs him and threatens him. From the video store, Randal Graves appears and tells Jay and Bob to let the kid go and that the Time sucked anyway. Jay tells the two buyers that Randal and his coworker, Dante Hicks, are both a gay couple and that their wedding ceremony was Star Wars-themed. Randal says he'll do something that should've been done long ago: he calls the police. Jay and Bob are arrested after Jay mouths off to the cop. Jay and Bob go to the comic book store that bears their name to talk to Banky. They've been slapped with a restraining order that forbids them to go to either Quick Stop or RST. Banky tells them both that they shouldn't have to bother selling drugs anymore because of the royalties they received when the comic series they inspired, Bluntman and Chronic, was sold to a major motion picture studio. The two are stunned, saying they didn't know about the deal. Banky tells them both that they should talk to his old business partner, Holden McNeil, who brokered the deal after he'd bought Banky out of his share of the original comic. The two go to Holden's offices and confront him about the movie. Holden tells them that Banky had lied to them and had brokered the deal, leaving Holden with nothing. He also says that the buzz on the internet is that the movie will be very profitable. Jay and Bob are both clueless as to the existence of the internet and Holden shows them an example of a forum website where fans and non-fans of Bluntman and Chronic are sharing their views on the unfinished film. Jay and Bob are furious at the negative buzz and make it their mission to go to Hollywood and stop the production of the film. Without a car, the two decide to hitchhike. After receiving advice from an expert hitchhiker where he tells them to perform sexual favors for rides, the two are picked up by a nun. She throws them both out of her car when Jay suggests that the Rules of the Road require him to pay her with oral sex. Stranded in front of a Mooby's restaurant, they go inside to get something to eat. They find an internet station and launch a foul-mouthed response to their detractors on Moviepoopshoot.com. While they order their food, a beautiful woman, Justice, walks in. Jay is immediately smitten and imagines kissing her to Bon Jovi's "Bad Medicine." After they introduce themselves, they hitch a ride with Justice and her two companions, Chrissy and Sissy. Also joining them is a geeky guy with a guitar, named Brent. Justice tells them that she and her comrades are animal rights activists who travel around the USA freeing animals from medical testing laboratories. After a few minutes, Jay and Bob quickly dispose of Brent when they trick him into falsely admitting he hates animals. The team arrives at a research facility somewhere in the West. After taping Jay and Bob saying that they are the masterminds behind the liberation of the animals in the facility, Jay and Bob break into the place and start searching. Justice, Sissy and Chrissy also steal into the facility from another entrance and reveal their own plan: they will steal a fortune in diamonds while Jay and Bob are arrested as patsies. The girls are able to slip past most of the security devices, but Chrissy farts and sets off the alarm. They flee in a sports convertible, leaving Jay and Bob behind. Meanwhile, Jay and Bob have found an orangutan named Suzanne and bring her outside, only to find the local authorities waiting for them. A slew of animals also escapes. Jay and Bob escape in the confusion. One of the cops happens to be a Federal Wildlife Marshal named Willenholly. He takes up pursuit of Jay and Bob, believing that they've kidnapped the monkey. Jay and Bob make their way toward Hollywood with the inept Willenholly following them. In California, Justice and her friends have cashed in the loot they stole and are living well near the beach. Justice feels tremendous guilt about deceiving Jay and Bob and decides to find them. Jay and Bob make it to a large dam and are found by Willenholly. They evade him, Willenholly falling off the dam into the river below. Meanwhile, Suzanne is picked up by a car bearing a sign "Critters of Hollywood". Jay, frustrated, asks Bob what they can do now. Bob tries to mime a plan to chase the car that picked up Suzanne but Jay doesn't understand him. Bob finally lets loose a screaming tirade saying he'd seen the sign on the car. The two leave for Los Angeles. In LA, Jay and Boy find a couple of drug dealers who belong to the same union they do. The guys take them to the studio where Bluntman and Chronic is being filmed. They find the actors who are cast in their roles, knock them out and take their costumes. On the set, they fill in for the actors and begin shooting a scene with the film's villain, Cock Knocker, who bears a huge fist. The shoot is completely disrupted and Jay and Bob find Banky among the entourage. They confront him about selling the rights to their characters without their permission. Though Banky tries to weasel his way out of any responsibility, Bob gives a lengthy reply in proper legalese explaining that they are the obvious inspiration for the main characters and deserve a full share of the movie's profits. Banky agrees. Also on the set is Justice, who has come to find Jay. Chrissy and Sissy have also caught up with her seeking revenge. The girls battle it out with Justice the victor. However, Justice is still arrested for the theft she participated in. Jay promises to wait for her. The movie opens & is a success. Banky asks Jay and Bob what they'll do with their share of the royalties. The two realize they can travel across the country and find their detractors from the web and beat them up. 