nm0005220:

 Popular (19992001)Summaries Two girls who despise each other, due to being on opposite sides of the "popularity fence", are forced together upon learning that their parents are getting married. The two girls who are seen in their fictional Jacqueline Kennedy High School as the leaders of two main opposing cliques, the popular one and the not so popular one, clash heads when their single parents meet, fall in love and decide to get hitched. However, both the girls and their two cliques slowly grow together and become an unlikely group of friends with both typical and not so typical high school and young adult problems. Brooke McQueen is the captain of Glamazons, the school's cheerleading squad. She's considered smart, beautiful and perfect. Privately, she's been dealing with self-image and body image issues ever since her estranged mother left her and her father. She also tries to fight the popular image people have of her. She wants to be good and does good and often helps people instead of thinking only about herself but she also has a suppressed selfish side. Sam McPherson aims to have the opposite image of Brooke's. She's attracted to journalism and wants to be the voice of nonconformists. Despite this, she has several flaws like being too judgmental, underestimating people or ignoring the fact that she sometimes acts hypocritically, especially when it comes to love. Her anger partially stems from the trauma of losing her father to leukemia. Lily Esposito is the schools top environmentalist, animal and human rights activist and an all-around liberal On the other hand, she has a fear of sex and sexuality and this creates problems in her relationships with men. She's Sam's friend and so is Harrison John, the ultimate friend-zoned guyfriend, who's been friends with both Brooke and Sam for a long time and has a crush on Brooke ever since childhood but also feels certain attraction to Sam. These three friends make the ultimate love triangle. Carmen Ferrara is a slightly overweight girl, who tries to deal with her body issues by trying to accept and enjoy who she is. Despite being friends with Sam's group, her dream is to become one of the Glamazons and be friends with the popular girls as well and she goes for it. Josh Ford is the school's hot popular quarterback, who at first seems like a walking jock stereotype but actually has a lot of depth and is for the most part a nice guy. He dates Brooke at first and they become the school's ultimate power couple but he eventually decides to quit trying to be what other people want him to be and become his own man. Nicole Julian is the second in command of Glamazons but always wants more power and influence. She's assertive, smart, cynical, egotistical, Machiavellian, combative and attractive and she knows it. She sees herself as the Queen B of the school and wants everyone to know it and respect it. She does not play fair and wants to see all her real and perceived enemies destroyed. The only people she respects are Gwyneth Paltrow and for the most part Brooke. However, she sometimes shows her suppressed empathic side and in those moments she becomes a true friend. Michael 'Sugar Daddy' Bernardino is Josh's towering best friend. He's cheerful, fun, acts like a rapper, takes the simple approach to life but also suffers from morbid obesity. He doesn't let this bother him though and uses his size to his advantage when playing football with Josh for the school's team. Mary Cherry is Nicole's larger than life, super rich, both genuinely quirky and amusingly psychotic, best friend and a Glamazon, although Nicole usually treats her like her sidekick. Jane McPherson is Sam's loving mom. Mike McQueen is Brooke's loving dad. The two meet and fall in love which eventually leads to marriage. Brooke and Sam can't accept this and even do their best to try to break them up but the girls eventually see the upside of becoming stepsisters, which doesn't stop them from occasionally stabbing each other in the back. Bobbi Glass is the gang's conservative, androgynous, charismatic, ingenious, commanding, tyrannical female biology, science and chemistry teacher and a true frienemy who always comes up with creative ways to put her students down but she also has a somewhat of an empathic side to her. She has several twin brothers and sisters. April Tuna is the school's scary unhinged psychotic nerdy ginger with a potent sex drive, but boys avoid her nonetheless. She leads the actual unpopular kids from the fringes of high school society and has her eye on Harrison. Emory Dick is Harrison's self-confident geeky friend who doesn't even try to fit in and likes it that way. He's always ready to help his friends and often comes up with silly creative plans that sometime actually make things worse. Poppita Fresh is the African American Glamazon and fits in perfectly with Nicole and Mary Cherry. George Austin is a smart, nice, hot, and caring African American jock, who falls for Sam and she reciprocates. Freddy Gong is the school's uneasy Asian American student, who has a strange masochistic rapport with Nicole. Principal Cecilia Hall is the school's caring blind principal who always tries to be just and help the students as well as protect the school's interests. Vice-Principal Calvin Krupps arrives later to help the school deal with conflicts between students. He's a very smart man, who doesn't mind playing games or confronting students openly if he believes that some good will come of it. Principal Hall eventually disappears from the show and he becomes the schools acting principal and he and Ms. Glass become buds. Godfrey is Ms. Glass' very strange on and off boyfriend who eventually becomes a priest. Cherry Cherry is Mary Cherry's super rich super charismatic no-nonsense mother and businesswoman who talks tough and acts accordingly. Her dream is to marry the real life actor Erik Estrada and when she wants something, she means business. The show's plots, arcs and subplots range from creative quirky over the top parodies to enhanced reality situations and typical high school drama. Due to unforeseen cancellation, the show ends on a huge cliffhanger. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tortilla Soup (2001)321) A Mexican-American master chef and father to three daughters has lost his taste for food, but not for life. Retired Mexican-American chef Martin Naranjo (Hector Elizondo) shares a Los Angeles, California house with his three gorgeous, but single, adult daughters. Though he long ago lost his ability to taste, Martin still lives to cook incredibly lavish dinners for his loved ones and to serve them in a family-style ritual at traditional sit-down meals. Although the women humor their father's old-fashioned ways, each of them is searching for fulfillment outside the family circle. College student Maribel (Tamara Mello) is growing increasingly frustrated with the singles scene and wants a steady man; gorgeous career woman Carmen (Jacqueline Obradors) is fed up with her boyfriend and his wandering eye; meanwhile, eldest daughter Leticia (Elizabeth Pea), who has suppressed her own romantic longings, senses something missing in her life. Things take a turn for the romantic when Dad, a widower, meets a vivacious divorce on the lookout for a mate and each of his daughters, in turn, finds someone. But they'll all discover that the recipe for happiness may call for some unexpected ingredients. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Martin is an immigrant from Mexico who has run a restaurant along with Gomez for years. He lost his wife 15 years ago and has never pursued another relationship, but others think he should. Martin has three very different daughters, and he values the time the family spends eating together. Carmen is beautiful and has an MBA and a great job, and while she has a boyfriend, she is more focused on her career than Jeff. She adapts her father's recipes to make meals for him. And she wants to be the first of the daughters to move out, although her father would prefer that she didn't. Maribel is about to start college, but she is cute and fun-loving. Leticia is a chemistry teacher and very uptight and plain. She has even given up the Catholic Church because she feels they worship saints, not Jesus. Her last relationship ended ten years ago and she's not really interested in another one. The family sits down to dinner and Maribel is late. She just met a boy, Andy, outside the local record store. Andy is an immigrant from Brazil whose heritage is German and Italian, and he speaks several languages. Carmen makes her big announcement about moving into a condo. And Yolanda shows up with her little girl April because she needs a babysitter. She is divorced. If that's not enough, Martin is called in to work because of an emergency. Someone ruined one of the dishes at an event Gomez is catering. Martin tells the staff how to salvage the food and make it better. Yolanda introduces Martin to her mother Hortensia, who is quite good looking for her age, wears colorful clothes, and generally enjoys having fun. There is the potential for a romance between martin and Hortensia. As part of her job, Carmen evaluates Antonio's purchase of a company. Antonio is not really interested in her opinions because he has already decided to buy the company. However, he is impressed with her work and wants her to come to Barcelona with him to run a startup. She has a decision to make. While teaching a class, Leticia is startled when a baseball comes through the open window. She looks out and sees the new coach Orlando, who is apologetic. The kids can tell Leticia is attracted to Orlando, and to encourage a relationship between them, someone in the class later writes a poem that Leticia thinks is from Orlando. Leticia asks for advice about attracting Orlando and one day she shows up at school looking gorgeous. She even walks onto the field during a game and kisses Orlando. and is quite embarrassed and sad when she learns he did not write the poem. Martin jogs for exercise and he has begun spending time with Hortensia. He even makes April a very fancy lunch, which her friends want to share. Martin shows up at the girl's house one day and Yolanda has to tell her April is sick but she'll take the lunch. Maribel spends time with Andy and eventually invites him to dinner. Things are going well until Maribel announces she needs to take time off to find herself. Martin says as long as she lives under his roof she will obey him. Maribel decides to move in with Andy, who is shocked, And their life together doesn't go well, because Maribel soon starts to get on his nerves. Finally, she has to leave. There is the chance, it turns out, they they will go to the same college. Andy didn't tell her because he didn't want his decisions to affect hers. Gomez tastes something at the restaurant and passes out and ends up in the hospital. He returns to the workplace, but it was too soon and he dies suddenly. This makes the family very sad. Leticia and Orlando eventually end up together, and in fact, they are already married. They were in Vegas and they "had" to. Apparently they did what a couple is not supposed to do before marriage, and the very religious Leticia could not do such a thing and not get married afterward. Martin soon has a big announcement of his own. He asks Hortensia for her daughter's hand in marriage. Hortensia, who was unaware (so was the audience) that it was actually Yolanda he was interested in, is very shocked. Carmen tries to fix her relationship with Jeff, but he's already with Rachel. Soon Martin is taking her to the airport to leave for Barcelona. But Carmen later realizes that's not what she wants to do. The movie ends with Carmen running a restaurant, and the family eating together there. Yolanda announces she is pregnant. 
 JAG (19952005)44) The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office. JAG is an adventure drama about an elite wing of officers trained as lawyers who investigate, prosecute and defend those accused of crimes in the military. Navy Cmdr. Harmon "Harm" Rabb, an ace pilot turned lawyer, and Marine Lt. Col. Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie, a beautiful by-the-book officer, are colleagues who hold the same high standards but find themselves clashing when they choose different routes to get to the same place. The unmistakable chemistry between them must be held at bay for professional reasons as they traverse the globe together with a single mission: to search for and discover the truth. Helping them with their mission is Navy Lt. Cmdr. Bud Roberts, a lawyer who proved his grit and determination when, after losing a leg in a land mine field while on a mission, fought back and became even better at his job. Commander Harmon Rabb, Jr. and Lieutenant Colonel Sarah MacKenzie are JAG lawyers, who together investigate and litigate crimes committed by Navy and Marine personnel. Occasionally, they engage in adventurous activities in order to solve their cases. With Rabb's fighter pilot background, and MacKenzie's good looks, they are a hot team both in and out of the courtroom. Brian Michael <ford1989@hotmail.com> Lt. Harmon Rabb is a JAG lawyer and is accompanied by Lt. Sarah MacKenzie. Together, they solve cases and problems of various kinds. From a psycho who wanted to bomb a cruise ship from a submarine to taking a risky mission of recon photos. Rabb used to be a fighter pilot until he and his co-pilot were in an accident. From then, he became a JAG. Every week he and Lt. MacKenzie have a new case to solve. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 She's All That (1999)55) A high school jock makes a bet that he can turn an unattractive girl into the school's prom queen. She's All That is your typical high school prom king and queen story and the run in defending the star status in the upcoming election. High school hottie, Zack Siler is dumped by his prom-queen girlfriend, the equally attractive and extremely popular, Taylor Vaughan who fell for a second-hand world reject TV soap star who she met over the spring break. Having been publicly dumped, Zack defends his discomposure by stating that Taylor is all make-up and wonder-bra and he can make any ordinary girl a prom queen with a similar package. His high-school buddy, Dean Sampson, engages him in a bet following this statement and picks the geeky looking Laney Boggs out of the crowd as the girl Zack must transform into the new prom queen. Zack agrees since he has no option, but as time passes and Laney begins to transform, Zack begins to find her attractive. While all that falls beautifully in place, it's not your typical fairy-tale. Throw in Dean Sampson to complicate the situation, as when he first made the bet he never thought that Zack could rise to the challenge but looking at how Laney has transformed, it looks like Zack could be on a winning streak. Sofea Shah Freddie Prinze Jr. stars as a high school hottie who makes a bet with a fellow classmate that he can turn geeky Rachel Leigh Cook into a Prom Queen. Problems arise when hot shot Prinze becomes involved and in love with the transformed Cook. Buffy <SurferBetty@worldnet.att.net> High school favourite Zach Siler is dumped by his prom queen shoe-in girlfriend for some slimey TV soap star. On the rebound he takes a bet from his best friend that he can take up with mousey bespectacled Laney Boggs and get her voted prom queen instead. Great friend, impossible task. Though once Laney scraps her glasses, does her hair, and gets into decent rags, Zach finds himself taking rather a lot of notice of her. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} A modern-day version of George Bernard Shaw's Pygmalion, where Zack Siler, is a Los Angeles high school hunk who's been dumped by his popular, but mean-spirited, girlfriend Taylor Vaughn for a famous volleyball player. Frustrated, Zack accepts a bet from his friends that he can turn Laney Boggs, a geeky girl into the school's prom queen. Naturally he falls in love with her which leads to other complications from each other's friends and enemies alike. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 