nm0002502:

 Borderline (2008)Summaries An erotic drama about a woman facing her 30th birthday who looks back at her life growing-up with her grandmother, crazy mother and her over-indulgence with men, sex and alcohol. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 1991 (I) (2018)Summaries Ricardo recounts the adventures of his 21 year old self, when he went to Italy following love. Middle aged Ricardo Trogi continues to recount key periods of his formative years. This time, the year is 1991 and he's a twenty-one year old student in the screenwriting program at UQAM. Arguably, the two items foremost on his mind are having to deal with a genetic issue, and being in love with Marie-ve Bernard, who he met the year before. Although he doesn't see her as being perfect, he does see her as being the mother of his future children. So when Marie-ve tells him that she is going on an exchange program in Perugia and asks him to go along, he jumps at the chance despite never having traveled without his working class parents, Benito and Claudette Trogi, despite he and his parents not really being able to afford the trip, and despite having no real desire to learn Italian, regardless of the fact of being part Italian himself. Getting safe and sound to Perugia itself ends up not being as straightforward as naive Ricardo would have hoped, which in turn impedes his time with Marie-ve. As Ricardo ends up out of circumstance spending time with others besides Marie-ve, Ricardo may have a different perspective of what he wants out of the trip, which leads to an admission about his and Marie-ve's pre-Italy relationship, and the trip which may be affected by his paternal family's famous mushroom risotto recipe, the dish a contributing factor to women having fallen in love with the Trogi men. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Most Wanted (2020)Summaries In 1989, a Canadian journalist investigates the circumstances surrounding the suspicious arrest of a heroin addict imprisoned in a Thai jail. Ex heroin junkie, Daniel Lger, gets involved in a drug deal with the wrong people for the wrong reasons. When the deal goes sour, Daniel gets thrown into a Thai prison and slapped with a 100-year sentence. While he tries to survive his Bangkok incarceration, the news of his conviction captures the attention of Globe and Mail journalist Victor Malarek, who decides to go after the shady undercover cops responsible for wrongly accusing Daniel. Daniel Roby, Director In 1989, Canadian journalist Victor Malarek unravels the case of a young ex-drug addict Daniel Leger, who is accused of supplying heroin and is imprisoned in a Thai prison for a hundred years. Malarek tries to expose a dark police conspiracy and save Daniel from imprisonment and torture. Bazza the Beast It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 What If (I) (2013)321) Wallace, who is burned out from a string of failed relationships, forms an instant bond with Chantry, who lives with her longtime boyfriend. Together, they puzzle out what it means if your best friend is also the love of your life. WHAT IF is the story of medical school dropout Wallace, who's been repeatedly burned by bad relationships. So while everyone around him, including his roommate Allan seems to be finding the perfect partner, Wallace decides to put his love life on hold. It is then that he meets Chantry an animator who lives with her longtime boyfriend Ben. Wallace and Chantry form an instant connection, striking up a close friendship. Still, there is no denying the chemistry between them, leading the pair to wonder, what if the love of your life is actually your best friend? CBS Films Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Wallace ( Daniel Radcliffe ) is a guy who has a miserable job and lives with his sister Ellie ( Jemima Rooper ) and nephew Felix ( Lucius Hoyos ). He dropped out of medical school after becoming aware of his girlfriend having an affair with his Anatomy teacher and decided to not be social in the last two years. He is coerced by Allan ( Adam Driver ) into going to a party where he quickly gets bored and begins to amuse himself by arranging fridge magnets bearing single words into phrases. While playing he is joined by Chantry ( Zoe Kazan ) and the two fall into conversation. At the same time Allan meets Nicole ( Mackenzie Davis ) and they begin flirting with each other. Chantry and Wallace leave the party and he walks her home where he finds out that Chantry has a boyfriend. Even so, she gives him her phone number, but he decides against pursuing the idea of going out with her. He soon changes his mind about this when they run into each other in a movie theater, where they had both gone alone, and end up having dinner together. Over time the friendship grows and Wallace is invited to meet Ben ( Rafe Spall ), Chantry's long time boyfriend, who works for the United Nations. Ben, however, ends up in hospital due to a series of unexpected accidents when Wallace visits their house for the first time, where Wallace and Chantry run into Wallace's ex-girlfriend. Ben later moves to Dublin, Ireland for six months due to requirements of his job. During this time Wallace and Chantry begin to see their relationship develop further and they begin to have deeper feelings for each other. Dalia ( Megan Park ), Chantry's sister tries to come on to Wallace in her car, but he is unable to reciprocate, because he is worried that it would ruin any chance he would have with Chantry. From then on Dalia only speaks negatively of Wallace to Chantry. Allan and Nicole get married and later invite Wallace and Chantry to have a walk on the beach at night. They decide to go skinny dipping and soon Wallace and Chantry decide to join them, whereupon Allan and Nicole steal their clothes forcing them to sleep naked together on the beach. However, they feel forced into the intimate situation and begrudgingly decide just to share the sleeping bag. The next day they leave the beach angrily. Chantry is called from her job to attend a promotion to direct an animated project in Taiwan. However she feels pressured because of her strained relationship with Ben so she travels to Dublin to join him. On arriving she discovers that Ben has accepted more work commitments that require him to travel frequently and they decide to break off the relationship. Meanwhile Wallace decides to follow Chantry, upon arriving Ben punches him in the face, knocking him down the front stairs. He then checks his voicemail, learning that she has returned to Toronto. They reunite, but soon Chantry learns about Wallace's trip and his feelings for her, which she responds extremely unfavorably to. Wallace considers going back to Medical School and moving on with his life, however he decides to attend Chantrys farewell party and they have a tearful goodbye. They finally admit to their mutual feelings while giving each other a Fools Gold Sandwich, something they had previously discussed while hanging out together. The story resumes 18 months later, it is revealed that Wallace has moved to Taiwan with Chantry to begin a relationship with her and to complete his Medical Training there. Upon returning to Toronto, they are married. 