nm0003121:

 3-2-1 Contact (19801992)Summaries A children's show explaining various principles of science and their applications. In this series, we follow the explorations of kids as they explore science in its various fields with experiments, films, cartoons and demonstrations. To highlight these principles application in an entertaining way, we also watch the cases of the Bloodhound Gang, a group of kids who are junior detectives for a private detective agency who use simple scientific knowledge, research and deduction to solve the crimes they encounter. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> 3-2-1 Contact follows a company of young hosts who investigate the different domains of science, exposing kids to aspects of the subject that might otherwise be impossibly remote. Mini-documentaries, music videos, animation and visits to men and women at the forefront of the field introduce children to the world of science and technology in ways that are inviting, exciting and, most important, easy to understand. Hotlink It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Live Aid (1985 TV Special)Summaries The broadcast of the biggest benefit concert in history, organized by Bob Geldof and Midge Ure to raise funds for Ethiopian famine relief. This show features Live Aid, the biggest benefit concert in history. Taking place simultaneously in two seperate stadiums in the USA and the UK, many of the top contemporary rock music acts play many of their most popular songs to raise money for famine relief in Ethiopia. In addition, short films illustrating the crisis in Africa are run with the appeal for aid. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@home.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Order of Chaos (2010)Summaries In a world of no absolutes, right and wrong is just a matter of perspective. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Manhattan Project (1986)321) A high school prodigy builds an atomic bomb with stolen plutonium to win the 45th National Science Fair and expose a nuclear weapons lab posing as nuclear medicine in Ithaca NY. Paul Stephens, a high school student in Ithaca, New York, is generally unmotivated academically despite being a science geek, his interest, as per his age, mostly in those science items that have a wow factor. It is his interest in science that connects him to Dr. John Mathewson, a scientist recently having relocated to Ithaca and who is interested romantically in Paul's soon to be divorced mother, Elizabeth Stephens. It is in that want to impress Elizabeth through Paul that John invites Paul to Medatomics, a medical research facility, so that he can demonstrate some of those "wow" type experiments on which he and his colleagues are working. While impressed enough, Paul is nonetheless more interested in something else in the facility that John only makes passing reference to when asked, that "green goo" which in combination with other things Paul discovers around the facility making him believe that the facility really a secret government nuclear one, the green goo radioactive material for atomic bombs. Paul and his classmate/girlfriend Jenny Anderman, an aspiring journalist, want to expose Medatomics for what they believe it to be as there was no community notification about operating a potentially dangerous nuclear facility there. While Jenny wants to go the traditional route in writing an expos, Paul believes there is only one effective way to get their message across to the world while making them both famous. The further Paul, with Jenny's help, gets to enacting his plan to its intended end, the more he may place their lives and that of the community in danger, especially if the authorities discover what he is doing. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Manhattan Project tells of how 17 year-old Paul Stephens (Christopher Collet) and his girlfriend Jenny Anderman (Cynthia Nixon) an aspiring journalist, wants to alert their community a secret nuclear facility in their hometown of Ithaca, NY. While Dr John Mathewson (John Lithgow), supposedly a doctor in this "pharmaceutical research plant," the very same facility in reality a nuclear plant, becomes involved romatically with the Paul's mother Elizabeth (Jill Eikenberry) and friends with Paul. While Dr Mathewson is visiting Paul and Jenny steal the plutonium and construct their own atomic bomb for a science fair in New York city. The movie is funny, and at times, frightening, showing how what can really happen if a teenage genius, finding all things possible on the internet, in published books, and unclassified government papers, can really build himself a nuclear bomb, all for a first place or first prize in a science fair. 