nm0009494:

 The Twelve Labours (2006)Summaries The story of a young black man, Hracles, who after being released from a juvenile institution, tries to apply for his first honest job as a motorcycle delivery boy. To get the job, he has to perform 12 hard tasks in So Paulo. A contemporary interpretation of the Hercules's myth. lukejoplin@infolink.com.br It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Friendly Fire (1998)Summaries Brazil in the early 70s. Miguel, Eloi, Osvaldo and Paolo take part in armed attacks against the military dictatorship. They pay a heavy price with torture and arrest. Today the four friends still see each other. Only Miguel is politically active. On a photograph from a political meeting in Sao Paolo he recognises the policeman who tortured them 25 years ago and who was responsible for the death of Miguel's girlfriend. The policeman has been officially dead for a few years. On one of their fishing trips together, Miguel tells his friends of his discovery. When they hunt down and confront their nemesis they come into conflict with both themselves and each other. <ftwaeoi@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Brainstorm (2000)Summaries A trip to the mental institution hell. This odyssey is lived by Neto, a middle class teenager, who lives a normal life until his father sends him to a mental institution after finding drugs on his pocket. The marijuana cigarette is just the final drop that exposes the family tragedy. Send to a mental institution, Neto gets to know a completely absurd, inhumane reality in which the people are devoured by a corrupt and cruel institution system. The documentary type language used by the director give this movie a sensation of realty that increases even more the impact of the emotions Neto goes through. In the mental institution, Neto is forced to mature. The transformations that he goes through change this relations with his father. Cecilia Bernardi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Two Rabbits (2012)211) In So Paulo, the scheme of the corrupt DA Jlia and her mate, the lawyer Henrique with the gangster Maicom is discovered and sent to the Internal Affairs. Maicom is responsible for kidnappings, murderers and heists and his only chance is the support of the corrupt and powerful assemblyman Jader Kerteis that demands 2 million-dollars to help him. Meanwhile the "paulistano" Edgar, who killed a mother and her son two years ago in a car accident, invites the "motoboy" and thief Velinha to steal the escorted courier that is carrying the pouch with the money to be delivered to Jader. How their lives are entwined? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Edgar, a regular middle-class guy, is about to accomplish a politically incorrect dream, by attacking the oppressor from above - a corrupt politician - and the one from below, a violent criminal. Involved in the aftermath of a terrible accident, he crosses the paths of Walter, a college professor, and Julia, a young prosecutor involved with criminals, politicians, and fraud. Edgar develops and executes a complex plan, involving the very criminals and corrupt politicians who are in the pursuit of Julia and her dirty money, aiming to recover, somehow, the lives he has damaged. 