nm0007047:

 Monkey Love (2002)Summaries To spice up her ho-hum life, college senior Amy sleeps with Aaron and Dil, her two best friends since the 3rd grade. But her best-laid plans turn their perfect, if predictable, platonic triangle into a tangled web of supercharged emotions. College senior Amy ( Amy Stewart ) is stuck in a rut and about to discover there is nothing like sex to mess with your head and throw a monkey wrench into your life. Living at home with her annoying parents and trapped in a platonic triangle with her two best pals since the 3rd grade, Dil ( Jeremy Renner ) and Aaron ( Seamus Dever ), Amy decides to make a drastic change. Convinced that the only way to open her life up to new and exciting experiences is to get rid of her best friends, she decides to sleep with both of them and then dump them. Unfortunately, her best laid plans for more excitement turn their comfortable friendship into a tangled web of super charged emotions with hilarious but life changing consequences for everyone. To spice up her ho-hum life, stuck-in-a-rut college senior Amy ( Amy Stewart ) sleeps with Aaron ( Seamus Dever ) and Dil ( Jeremy Renner ), her two best friends since the 3rd grade. Unfortunately, her best-laid plans for more excitement turn their perfect, if predictable, platonic triangle into a tangled web of super-charged emotions with hilarious consequences. Packed with laughter, a sensational cast and outrageous situations, Monkey Love is "a miracle of a movie, in the great American tradition of the Screwball Comedy!" (Seattle International Film Festival) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ruby (1977)Summaries Sixteen years after Ruby Claire's gangster boyfriend was shot and killed by four associates, a series of gruesome murders takes place at the drive-in movie theatre she now owns. Meanwhile, the behaviour of her mute daughter Leslie is becoming increasingly strange and a visiting psychic claims that forces from beyond are out for revenge. Ross Horsley <explodo@hotmail.com> In 1935, a lowlife mobster, Nicky Rocco, is betrayed and executed in the swampy backwoods as his pregnant gun-moll, Ruby Claire, watches. He swears vengeance with his dying breath, and then she suddenly goes into labour. In 1951, Ruby runs a backwoods drive-in theatre, employes some ex-mobsters, and has a 16-year-old daughter, Leslie Clair, who had been mute since birth. Bizarre accidents claim the lives of one employee after another. Then Leslie shows strange behavior, and then begins to speak...in her dead father's voice. A demonic, perverted Nicky Rocco possesses the girl's body and terrorizes Ruby with levitations, telekinesis, maniacal laughing, and bizarre sexual aggression. io It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Wednesday Night Save the World Society (2001)Summaries Eight people come together to save the world and wind up saving each other. Feeling increasingly trapped, frustrated and alone, middle-aged Los Angeles resident Dee Barnes decides to turn her life (and hopefully the lives of others) around by starting a weekly discussion open to anyone who cares to join. She soon finds her house filled with an assortment of characters, including a bulimic goth, a sexist jerk, and a meek young man who only wants to protect the environment. As they open up to each other with their ideas and feelings, they gradually start to learn more about themselves. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Joe Palooka in Humphrey Takes a Chance (1950)Summaries A crooked mayor and fight promoter conspire to sign slow-witted Humphrey to a contract. Their goal is to use Humphrey to get Joe Palooka to sign. As things develop, Humphrey becomes mayor. The Square Deal Boxing Corporation (crooked as a snake's hind leg), through Gordon Rogers, tries to make a deal with Knobby Walsh whereby it will own thirty percent of the contract with Heavyweight Champion Joe Palooka Knobby refuses, saying even in West Wokkington Falls he could stage a record bout. He only mentions the town because that is where he is going with Joe and his wife, Anne Howe Palooka, to visit their friend Humphrey Pennyworth. Rogers assumes Walsh is going to stage a bout between Palooka and Pennyworth and hastens to block it. Rogers tricks Pennyworth into signing with him for a bout and then arranges for the crooked town mayor, Phiffeny, and his cousins who run the town to erect a fight stadium. Knobby tells Humphrey that the only way to get out of his contract is a recall election replacing the present town officials with honest ones. Humphrey, the most-liked citizen agrees to run for mayor. At a campaign picnic, a child actress hired by Rogers rushes up to the unmarried candidate, crying "Daddy." Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 