nm0009618:

 Covert Affairs (20102014)Summaries Fresh out of the farm, Annie Walker must adapt to the challenging life of a CIA operative under the guidance of her handler, Auggie. But soon she realizes her recruit might have to do with her last boyfriend rather than her talent. A young CIA operative/trainee, Annie Walker, is sent into the field to work for the DPD (Domestic Protection Division). Auggie Anderson is a blind tech operative, and is Walker's guide in her new life in the CIA. Walker's cover story is that she works at the Smithsonian Museum. Alexander Soloviev Annie Walker has been newly employed by the CIA. A guy named Auggie is a blind tech operative and helps Annie through the chaotic job. Annie has been recruited for her language skills as she is fluent in six languages, but it may turn out that she was hired because of someone from her past. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Maximum Risk (1996)Summaries While seeking answers regarding the death of the twin brother he never knew he had, a French cop and his sibling's fiance find themselves pursued by corrupt FBI agents and the Russian mafia. Alain Moreau didn't know he had a brother, even a twin brother - until he found him laying dead on the street. To reveal the truth about his twin, he now has to continue in his footsteps - he simply has to become Mikhail, travel across the Atlantic and sink into the world that ended his brothers days. Here he meets his brothers beautiful girlfriend Alex, who doesn't suspect a thing for starters. She works as a waitress in a pub, owned by the Russian mafia, and when they find out Alain's true intentions, all hell breaks out... Zorteper - <zorteper@hotmail.com> In Niece, France, Mikhail Suverov, a former Russian gangster is chased by two corrupt FBI agents Pellman and Loomis and Mikhail is killed. French police officer Alain Moreau discovers Mikhail is his twin brother he never knew and was given up for adoption. Investigating Mikhail's murder, Alain travels to New York City and assumes Mikhail's identity, where he meets Mikhail's sexy girlfriend Alex Minetti and discovers Mikhail was working for the Russian mob and Mikhail's former boss, Ivan, isn't happy to see Mikhail. Risking everything to discover the truth, and pursued by Ivan, Agent Pellman and Agent Loomis, Alain discovers Mikhail quit the Russian mob and had evidence of the Russian Mob's criminal activities and the two corrupt FBI agent's involvement with the Russian Mob, and Alain sets out to infiltrate the Russian mob and the two corrupt FBI agents and protect Alex, as Alain sets out to avenge Mikhail. Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 ReGenesis (20042008)Summaries Geneticist David Sandstrom is the chief scientist at the prestigious virology/micro-biology NORBAC laboratory, a joint enterprise between the USA, Canada and Mexico for countering bio-terrorism. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 PSI Factor: Chronicles of the Paranormal (19962000)Summaries A science team that works for the Office of Scientific Investigation and Research (O.S.I.R.) investigates the reports of supernatural phenomena. A team of scientific researchers belonging to a scientific group that investigates reports of paranormal phenomena. A procedural format that follows a hand-full of characters on their assigned cases, the investigations would either be determined to have rational/explainable causes or be determined to be paranormal in-nature. Loosely inspired by a real-life organization and true-events. IMDB Researcher It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 