nm0008330:

 Kill the Messenger (2014)Summaries Journalist Gary Webb, California 1996, started investigating CIA's role in the 1980s in getting crack cocaine to the black part of LA to get money and weapons to the Contras/freedom fighters in Nicaragua. Based on the true story of journalist Gary Webb. The film takes place in the mid-1990s, when Webb uncovered the CIA's past role in importing huge amounts of cocaine into the U.S. that was aggressively sold in ghettos across the country to raise money for the Nicaraguan Contras' rebel army. Despite enormous pressure not to, Webb chose to pursue the story and went public with his evidence, publishing the series "Dark Alliance". As a result he experienced a vicious smear campaign fueled by the CIA. At that point Webb found himself defending his integrity, his family, and his life. Milena Joy Morris A journalist at a minor newspaper, Gary Webb (played by Jeremy Renner), gets a tip-off that a witness at trial of a drug dealer is a government informant, and is importing drugs into the U.S. After much investigation he uncovers evidence that suggests that the CIA are allowing U.S.-backed rebels in Nicaragua to sell large quantities of drugs in the U.S. in exchange for arms. Once he publishes the story, his world is turned upside down. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Garden State (2004)541) A quietly troubled young man returns home for his mother's funeral after being estranged from his family for a decade. Andrew Largeman is a semi-successful television actor who plays an intellectually disabled quarterback. His somewhat controlling and psychiatrist father has led Andrew ("Large") to believe that his mother's wheelchair-bound life was his fault. Andrew decides to lay off the drugs that his father and his doctor made him believe that he needed, and began to see life for what it is. He began to feel the pain he had longed for, and began to have a genuine relationship with a girl who had some problems of her own. MichaelAGodfrey@aol.com Andrew "Large" Largeman ran away from his home, parents, and life, preferring new age dogma and pharmacopeia to good old-fashioned confrontation and maturity. His mother dies. Large returns for her funeral. As he takes a vacation from Big Pharma, Large learns it is not really possible to run away from the self. The best prisons are ones of our own design. LA-Lawyer Andrew Largeman shuffled through life in a lithium-induced coma until his mother's death inspired a vacation from the pills to see what might happen. A moderately successful television actor living in Los Angeles, "Large" hasn't been home to the Garden State in nine years. But even with two thousand eight hundred miles between them, he's been unable to escape his domineering father Gideon and the silencing effect he's had on his son from afar. Stunned to find himself in his hometown after such a long absence, Large finds old acquaintances around every corner living quite unique lives as gravediggers, fast food knights and the panderers of pyramid schemes. Meanwhile, at home, he does his best to avoid a long-simmering but inevitable confrontation with his father. By a twist of fate, Large meets Sam, a girl who is everything he isn't. A blast of color, hope, and quirks. Sam becomes a sidekick who refuses to ride in his sidecar. Her warmth and fearlessness give Large the courage to open his heart to the joy and pain of the infinite abyss that is life. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Andrew Largeman wakes up from a bizarre nightmare in which he is on a crashing plane to a telephone message from his father, telling Andrew that he needs to return home because his mother has just died. Andrew leaves Los Angeles and returns home to the state of New Jersey to attend his mother's funeral. He recognizes the gravediggers as old friends, and they invite him to a party that night. He takes ecstasy (after refusing cocaine) at the party, but remains detached, and is also impressed by the abundant usage of drugs; indeed, this is the last time he's seen taking any drugs. At home, Andrew had his father book a doctor's appointment for headaches he's been having. During the scene, the father tells a lie but takes it back, and says he does not know why he lied. The morning after the party, Andrew proceeds to his doctor's appointment, meeting in the waiting room a girl named Sam, a pathological liar. She will later explain that most times she does not know why she lies, it's like a tic; but still one can trust her to admit her lies. During the scene, she tells him to listen to her music, saying it will change his life, and he does listen and appreciate the song. In Andrew's meeting with his doctor, it's revealed that Andrew has been on lithium, as well as other mood stabilizers and anti-depressants, for his entire adult life, but has stopped taking them. He also says that his father, who is also his psychiatrist, put him on the medications in the first place. Andrew finds Sam outside of the office, eventually offering her a ride home. Sam invites him to her house, and he meets her mother. After returning home, Andrew's father confronts him, who is insistent that they have a talk before Andrew leaves town. Right after, we see Andrew staring at Mark while he robs a tomb, while another Andrew's friend states that the town is "so messed up" because of drug usage, even if he's not exempt from it. This usage is also depicted directly in a number of scenes throughout the movie. Andrew then returns to Sam's house, and the two spend the rest of the day together joining his friends later. Andrew tells her that, when he was nine years old, he pushed his mother, resulting in an accident that left her a paraplegic; he says that he believes his father blames him for his wife's paralysis, and put him on his medications to "protect him" from the anger he supposedly harbors. Sam listens non-judgmentally, and Andrew subsequently expresses his interest in her. The next day, one of Andrew's friends, Mark, tells Andrew that he needs help "tracking down" a going-away present for him. Sam, Andrew, and Mark spend the day tracking the present down, ending in a quarry in Newark where Mark talks to Albert and his wife, a couple who've been employed to watch the area, who also do modest antique jewelry sales. They then discuss the reasons for which Albert and his wife chose to live there. The house is described by Albert as "his private ark", a possible reference to the working title of the movie, "Large's Ark"[citation needed]. Also, living there and exploring the abyss which was found in the quarry is described as "doing something that's completely unique, that's never been done before", a direct quote from earlier Sam's speech; but finally, Albert explains that what actually matters is just his family, and the camera shows right after the listening Sam and Andrew. A few moments later, the two of them kiss each other for the first time, after shouting at the infinite abyss for some reason not directly explained in the movie, left to the watcher to interpret. When they look at the gift, it turns out to be Andrew's mother's favorite pendant, that Mark had taken away from her grave and probably sold. Afterward, Andrew approaches his father for the talk the father had suggested, in which he says he was not to blame for his mother's accident and that, from now on, he will live his life without medication. He nevertheless forgives his father, and says he wants to build a better relationship with him. The morning after, Andrew says his goodbyes to Sam at the airport, acknowledging that she did change his life, and leaves for his plane that will take him back to his life in Los Angeles, to fix his problems before continue the relationship. We later see Sam desperately crying just before Andrew unexpectedly returns, telling Sam that he doesn't want to waste any more of his life "without her in it." 
 Queen & Slim (2019)321) A couple's first date takes an unexpected turn when a police officer pulls them over. Slim and Queen's first date takes an unexpected turn when a policeman pulls them over for a minor traffic violation. When the situation escalates, Slim takes the officer's gun and shoots him in self-defence. Now labelled cop killers in the media, Slim and Queen feel that they have no choice but to go on the run and evade the law. When a video of the incident goes viral, the unwitting outlaws soon become a symbol of trauma, terror, grief and pain for people all across the country stmc-25959 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in a diner in Cleveland, Ohio. A lawyer, "Queen" (Jodie Turner-Smith), has dinner with her Tinder date, "Slim" (Daniel Kaluuya) only because she didn't feel like being alone that night. Slim is laid back while Queen is more cynical. She tells him that her client was sentenced to death, which she doesn't consider fair. Slim asks her why she picked him as a date, and Queen says it's because she liked his picture, which she found "sad." Slim drives Queen home, trying to extend the evening. He swerves while driving, which attracts the attention of a racist policeman named Officer Reed (Sturgill Simpson). He pulls the two over and makes Slim step out of the car. Reed starts searching the car, which prompts Queen to ask why. Reed grows more and more agitated until Slim asks him to hurry up because it's cold. Reed draws his gun on Slim as he tries to arrest him. Queen gets out and tries to record the incident on her phone, and Reed shoots at her, grazing her leg. Slim tackles Reed and is almost beaten until Slim grabs the gun and shoots Reed dead. Both in a state of shock, Queen tells Slim they need to flee immediately. The two go on the run and ditch their phones. They stop to ditch their car and flag down a pickup truck. The driver, Edgar (Benito Martinez), offers to help the two when Queen says they need to get gas. On the way, Slim notices Edgar is a sheriff. At the gas station, Edgar gets a notice on his radio about Reed's death and an identification on the suspects. He knows they are sitting in his car. As Queen and Slim realize this, they force him at gunpoint to go with them. They drive back to the car and lock Edgar in the trunk despite his insistence that he will help them. Queen doesn't trust him since he knows he will alert the other cops. Queen and Slim take Edgar's truck and stop to get food. They get a young boy to buy their food with money from Edgar's glove compartment. After they eat, the boy comes back with a video from Reed's dash-cam that has now gone viral, showing the two of them clearly in the act. Slim starts to drive away but accidentally hits the boy's father. He just hurt his knee so the two drive him and the boy to the hospital. The father praises Queen and Slim for what they have done, thinking of it as a revenge killing since Reed was reported to have shot and killed an unarmed black man years earlier. The father wishes them luck after they are dropped off. In the morning, the two stop to get gas for the truck. Slim enters with his gun to make the clerk pay for their gas. He agrees on the condition that Slim let him hold the gun. He makes Slim nervous when he points the gun at him but then returns it and pays for the gas. Queen contacts her estranged Uncle Earl (Bokeem Woodbine) for help. He is a pimp who lives with a few of his girls. Although reluctant, Queen gets Earl to help them since she claims he owes her. Earl tells them they need to shave their heads in order to avoid detection. At night before trying to get some rest, Slim asks Queen why Earl owes her. She says she helped him avoid jail for killing someone: her mother. Moments later, the police show up at Earl's door asking questions. When the officer asks to search the place, Earl orders him to come back with a warrant. After the police leave, Earl tells the two that they need to leave now. They take some clothes from his house and burn the truck before taking one of his cars. Earl hugs Queen goodbye. Slim drives while Queen gets some sleep. They later stop when Slim asks Queen if she would have gone out with him again. She says no at first until she changes her mind and asks what the second date would have been. As they are parked by a nightclub, Slim takes Queen inside to dance, risking being detected. Inside, the bartender gives them free drinks and tells Slim that they are safe there, letting him know that she recognizes him. Despite this, Queen and Slim dance through the night, reflecting on how they would like to be remembered when they are gone. As they continue their drive in the morning, the couple's car breaks down. They take it to a garage where they have to pay extra to get it back that same day. The mechanic doesn't support Reed's killing the way others in the area do since he thinks it gives cops more of an incentive to shoot black folks. The mechanic's son, Junior (Jahi Di'Allo Winston), is a fan of them and takes them on a walk around the area. Junior expresses his hatred for cops and claims he is okay with dying that day. In the mechanic's office, Slim takes the chance to call his father. They have one last conversation and tell each other they love one another. It's shown that there were detectives listening in on the call, and the lead detective arrests Slim's father for helping him. After getting their car back, Slim asks Junior to take a picture of him and Queen. Before making their way to their next destination, Queen decides to take a detour and stop at the cemetery to visit her mother's grave. He explains to Slim that she and her mother were close until Queen grew older. One day, she and Earl argued, and Earl pushed Queen's mother down the stairs and cracked her head. Since Queen had just passed the bar, she was eager to take on her first case, not realizing it would be Earl, but she let him go since she knew it was an accident. Slim holds Queen close as she gets emotional, leading to them kissing. They park in an isolated area to make love. Meanwhile, a riot ensues as police continue to hunt the couple. Junior is among the protesters and is approached by a black SWAT officer who calmly tells him to go. Junior pulls a gun on the officer and impulsively pulls the trigger, killing him. Junior is later shot and killed as well. Queen and Slim go to the home of a friendly white couple called the Shepherds (Flea and Chloe Sevigny), who help protect certain people. They shelter the couple and give them dinner. Queen says grace, despite earlier telling Slim she's an atheist, and expresses thanks for the time she has had with him, no matter how it ends. Things are ruined when another police SWAT team shows up outside, and the Shepherds have Queen and Slim hide in a crawlspace under the bed in their room. The two stay there until the morning when they think they are safe. They get out through the window, but Queen injures her shoulder on the way down. They go to take a spare car from the Shepherds' garage, just as a black officer comes by to inspect the scene after he hears Queen's crying when Slim pops her shoulder back into place. The officer opens the garage door but lets Queen and Slim go, evading the police blockade on the street. The couple drive down an open street where they take turns sticking themselves out the window for fun. They reach a man who leads them to a friend with a plane that can get them away. He drives them to the tarmac, but as the two walk toward the plane, a whole squad of cops corner them. Queen and Slim have no choice but to turn around. Queen asks Slim if she can be his legacy, and he responds that she already is. An overzealous and racist cop then shoots Queen in the chest for no reason, instantly killing her. Slim holds her and carries her toward the cops, leading them to gun him down as well. News of the tragic end to the manhunt hits everywhere. The couple's names are revealed to be Angela Johnson and Ernest Hines, and the cops spin the narrative to make it seem like they were armed and dangerous. Earl, the Shepherds, Ernest's father, and everyone else they encountered are devastated by the news. Hundreds of civilians attend their funerals and view them as martyrs and heroes. The community even puts up a memorial image of the two of them based on the picture that Junior took. 
 Man on the Moon (1999)431) The life and career of legendary comedian Andy Kaufman . A biographical film on the late comedian Andy Kaufman . Kaufman, along with his role on Taxi (1978) , was famous for being the self-declared Intergender Wrestling Champion of the world. After beating women time and time again, Jerry Lawler (who plays himself in the movie), a professional wrestler, got tired of seeing all of this and decided to challenge Kaufman to a match. In most of the matches the two had, Lawler prevailed with the piledriver, which is a move by spiking an opponent head-first into the mat. One of the most famous moments in this feud was in the early 80s when Kaufman threw coffee on Lawler on [error], got into fisticuffs with Lawler, and proceeded to sue NBC. Eli Boorstein <uahp@rocketmail.com> A biopic based on the life of Andy Kaufman , an eccentric comedian who went onto enjoy a career as lovable foreign car mechanic Latka Gravas on TV's Taxi (1978) , and later gained infamy as an inter-gender wrestling champ. The film studies some of Kaufman's comedy antics as well as his personal life and his relationship with his manager George Shapiro , his best friend/partner Bob Zmuda and his girlfriend Lynne Margulies . Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the beginning, Kaufman's foreign man comes on saying (due to massive editing) it is the end of the film and plays a record alongside the end credits before walking off. Kaufman then comes back on in his normal voice saying he "Had to get rid of the people who don't understand me, and don't want to try". He then proceeds to show the actual movie on a film projector starting with his childhood home, in Long Island, New York 1957. Flashing forwards to New York City, 1973, Andy Kaufman (Jim Carrey) is a struggling performer whose act fails in nightclubs because, while the audience wants comedy, he sings childrens songs and overuses his "foreign man" character. Just as it becomes clear that Kaufman may have no real talent, he puts on a rhinestone jacket and does a dead-on Elvis impersonation and song. The audience bursts into applause, realizing Kaufman had tricked them making his big Elvis payoff all the more enjoyable. This is the first of many times we see Kaufman trick the audience, as "fooling the audience" is his performance style. His autistic, eccentric style catches the eye of talent agent George Shapiro (Danny DeVito), who signs him as a client and immediately gets Kaufman on a new sitcom, 'Taxi' in 1975, much to the dismay of sitcom-hating Kaufman. Because of the money, visibility, and chance to do his own television special, Kaufman acts on Taxi, but secretly hates it and works a second menial job as a restaurant busboy. Around this time, he gains popularity by making successful guest appearances on the new show 'Saturday Night Live'. At a nightclub, Shapiro witnesses a performance from a rude, loud-mouthed lounge singer named Tony Clifton, whom Andy wants to guest-star several times on Taxi on his terms, and whose bad attitude is matched by his horrible appearance and demeanor. When Clifton meets Shapiro privately, Clifton takes off his sunglasses and we see that he is actually Kaufman. Clifton is a villain character created by Kaufman and his creative partner, Bob Zmuda (Paul Giamatti), both of whom portray the character onstage at different times. Once again, the gag is on the audience. In 1980, Kaufman begins to have problems with his newfound fame. When he travels to college campuses, he wants to perform as he did in nightclubs, but the crowds dislike his strange sense of humor and simply want to see his more famous characters, such as Latka Gravas from Taxi and the Mighty Mouse singer from SNL. Frustrated by his dislike for Taxi, Kaufman appears on the set as Clifton and proceeds to cause chaos until he is removed from the studio lot. Kaufman relates to Shapiro that he never knows exactly how to entertain an audience ("short of faking my own death or setting the theater on fire"), so he does as he pleases. With the help of Zmuda, Kaufman decides he wants to be a professional wrestler but to increase the villain angle, he decides to wrestle only women and berate them after winning, declaring himself "Inter-Gender Wrestling Champion." He becomes smitten with one woman he wrestles, Lynne Margulies (Courtney Love). Continuing his villain wrestling character, Kaufman is despised by much of America, as he enjoys getting a rise out of everyone but fails to see that this affects his popularity (as the world fails to see he is simply playing a character, and not just being himself). Professional male wrestler Jerry "The King" Lawler challenges Kaufman to a "real" wrestling match, which Kaufman accepts. Lawler easily overpowers and seriously injures Kaufman, resulting in a major neck injury for Kaufman. When Lawler and an injured Kaufman appear on NBC's Late Night With David Letterman, Lawler attacks Kaufman again, and Kaufman spews out a vicious tirade of epithets. Once again, the joke is on the audience, as Lawler and Kaufman are revealed to be friends, and in on everything together. Unfortunately, Andy pays the price for this when he is voted off Saturday Night Live by television audience members. In 1983, Andy and Lynne move into a new house, and George calls to inform them that Taxi had been canceled, to the indifference of Kaufman. A few minutes later, Andy feels a boil on the back of his neck that is later revealed to be a cyst. In November, after gathering a meeting with his friends and family, Kaufman reveals that he has a rare form of lung cancer and may die soon. Many friends and family members refuse to believe this, thinking it another Kaufman stunt (and Zmuda actually believes a fake death would be a fantastic prank). By early 1984, Kaufman, aware that he may not have much time left, gets a booking at Carnegie Hall, his dream venue. The performance is a memorable success, and it culminates with Kaufman inviting the entire audience out for milk and cookies. Kaufmans health quickly deteriorates, and, out of options, he heads to the Philippines to seek a medical miracle (actually psychic surgery), where doctors supposedly pull out infected organs in the body. Kaufman immediately recognizes it as a scam similar to his own type of performance art, and the realization makes him laugh hysterically as the joke is on him for once. After returning to Los Angeles, Kaufman dies a few months later from the cancer at age 35. One year later, in 1985, Tony Clifton appears at Andy Kaufman's memorial tribute at The Comedy Store's main stage performing, "I Will Survive". The camera pans over the crowd and reveals Zmuda in the audience, hinting that maybe Kaufman's death was actually fake, and he is still alive somewhere. The film ends with a neon portrait of Kaufman among such comedy legends as the late Groucho Marx and Laurel and Hardy. 