nm0001227:

 Anne of Avonlea (1987)Summaries Anne Shirley accepts a teaching position at a girls boarding school in a town dominated by a rich and belligerant family determined to make her life miserable. Anne Shirley, now a schoolteacher, has begun writing stories and collecting rejection slips. She makes the acquaintance of a handsome, rich, bachelor, (jumping to a wrong conclusion, she and Diana chased down Rachel Lynde's cow, thinking it was Dolly) & immediately sold it to John Blythe. [When she realizes her fault, Anne & Marilla do a special visit to Rachel Lynde & her longtime husband, Thomas. During this visit, Thomas Lynde dies & Rachel Lynde became a widow!] and wins (to her chagrin) Rolling's Reliable baking soda (that was forged by Diana) company's writing contest. She acts as Diana's maid of honor, and refuses Gilbert Blythe's marriage proposal; which sends her to teach Kingsport Ladies' College, an exclusive all girl students' school, where she meets opposition from the principal, Miss Katherine Brooke, and the Pringle clan (one of whom is the rich, handsome bachelor). But while Anne won the numerous conflicts & battles, and the friends she makes, she returns to Avonlea. Kathy Li Following the death of her guardian Matthew Cuthbert, Anne Shirley decides to forgo her Avery Scholarship at Queen's College to take care of Matthew's sister and Anne's other guardian, Marilla Cuthbert. Gilbert Blythe, also taking time off from his studies at Queen's, sacrifices himself by giving his teaching post at Avonlea School to Anne so that Anne can live with Marilla at Green Gables. During her teaching stint, Anne dreams of a literary career, writing stories of grand romance and tragedy in faraway lands. Anne's view of what she wants for herself romantically match these exaggerated stories. Anne's attempts at having her stories published fail miserably, except from the publication she doesn't want. Due to changed circumstances and a series of events around her including the wedding of her best friend, Diana Barry, and Gilbert's own marriage proposal to Anne which she turns down, Anne decides to take a teaching post at wealthy Kingsport Ladies College (KLC) in Kingsport, New Brunswick, the position offered to her by her old friend and teacher, Miss Muriel Stacey. For Anne's stint at KLC to be a success, she needs to win over both the principal of the school, icy Katherine Brooke who seems to hate everything and everyone, and the snobbish Pringle family, who rule the town and whose daughters populate half of Anne's classroom. Neither task will be easy. The one kindred spirit Anne does find in Kingsport is student, Emmeline Harris. A bright girl, Emmeline comes from a family dominated by the family matriarch, her grandmother, dowager Mrs. Margaret Harris, who herself is a Pringle by birth, but who feuds with the Pringle family. Mrs. Harris is cared for by her meek spinster daughter, Emmeline's Aunt Pauline Harris. But what Emmeline wants more than anything is the love and affection of her absent father, Mrs. Harris' son, widower Morgan Harris, who seems more interested in his work in Boston than he is about his daughter. Ultimately, Anne's effect on the entire Harris family is profound. Regardless of her success or lack of at KLC, Anne evaluates her life path and career goals following a chance meeting with Gilbert, now a medical student at Dalhousie University in Halifax, and a question posed to her by Morgan. But it isn't until after a rejuvenated return to Avonlea and further news about Gilbert that Anne finally realizes what is and always has been important in her life. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Anne of Green Gables: The Continuing Story (2000)431) The continuing adventures of Anne Shirley in New York and in France during World War I. It's September, 1915. Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe have been engaged for some time, but life seems to always get in the way of them actually getting married. They eventually want to resettle back in Avonlea, Prince Edward Island, despite Green Gables' dilapidated condition and the fact that they do not own it. But their latest detour takes them to New York City as Gilbert's tenure at Bellevue Hospital has been extended. Anne, who has resisted moving to New York City in the past with him, decides to go this time. While pursuing her writing career, she gets a job as a junior editor at Winfield Publishing, where she meets the company's star writer, Jack Garrison, who aspires to write more serious works than the pulp fiction he is required to churn out for Winfield. But not only affecting Anne and Gilbert's life but that of everyone they know, World War I takes hold and further complicates matters. Their respective war efforts separate the couple. As Anne tries to reconnect with Gilbert, she meets up with some familiar faces, including Jack, who is keeping a secret about his family and his role in the war. Huggo Set years after her resignation and return from Kingsport Ladies' College, Anne is persuaded to join her fiance, Gilbert, in New York City as he begins his tenure at a major hospital. She is introduced to a publishing firm in the hope of a chance to get published and achieve the same success as Gilbert. Instead, both face the disillusioning realities of their professions which makes them decide to return to Avonlea. However any chance of lasting happiness is dashed when Gilbert decides to bow to social pressure and enlist to serve in The Great War in Europe. Anne stays behind and becomes a published writer, but learns that contact has been lost with Gilbert. Seeing no other option, Anne decides to venture to Europe herself to find him. In doing so, she begins an adventure that would challenge her wits and imagination to the limit. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's the summer of 1915, and Anne returns to Avonlea for the first time since Marilla's death. Greeted by her life long "bosom friend", Diana Barry Wright,---- now wealthy from an inheritance left for her by her Aunt Josphine, the two make their way to Green Gables farm to find it rented and in disrepair. Meanwhile, the Great War (W.W. I) is blossoming in Europe, and many of Anne's former classmates have elisted to serve. Gilbert returns to the Island later in the summer, and the two decide to move to New York so Gilbert can persue his medical career, and Anne, her writing ambitions. With Avonlea embedded in their souls however, the two return--- Gilbert having bought Green Gables farm, and Anne accepts Gilbert's hand in marriage to the onset of his enlistment to serve and aid in The Great War. Over the next couple of years, the War takes it's toll on the Island's wives. Many men have been lost, and missing in action is Gilbert. Anne leaves Canada and ventures to Europe to find Gilbert, and along the way, finds Jack Garrison (her former New York writing partner), Dominick, Jack's infant son, and Fred Barry (Diana's husband).... who has been critically injured in the attacks. Throughout her search for Gilbert, Anne cares for Fred, and watches over Dominick, while staying in an apartment owned by Jack... who reports secretly the going's on of the war the the U.S. press. Anne promises to care for Jack's son Dominick, should anything happen to him, and as the War is about to end, Anne finds Gilbert. On a train enroute out of Germany, Jack is shot to death, and Anne details the promise she had made to Jack to Gilbert. The two return to Avonlea in the fall of 1919, and having adopted Dominick, who arrives on a train as Anne had done as a young girl, they decide to start a new life in a neighboring community where Gilbert sets up medical practice--- allowing Diana and Fred, now an amputee, to live permanently at Green Gables. 
 Silver Bullet (1985)541) In a small town, brutal killings start to plague the close knit community. Marty Coslaw, a paraplegic boy, is convinced the murders are the doings of a werewolf. The small town of Tarker's Mills was a place that was very peaceful, where nothing extraordinary ever happened until one night when murders began. The townspeople believe it's some maniacal killer on the loose whom they intend to hunt down. Marty, a young handicapped boy, believes the killer is no man at all, but a werewolf. After a run-in with the werewolf, Marty and his sister Jane hunt all over town for the man who is the werewolf. <webmistress@shiversofhorror.com> After gruesome murders, citizens from a small town form a vigilante justice group against the wishes of the local Sheriff and the Reverend. A young kid escape the attack of the monster thereby putting his life in danger as he is the only one who knows the identity of the monster. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com In the spring of 1976, inhabitants of the peaceful town of Tarker's Mills, rocked by recent, violent murders, press Sheriff Joe Haller to investigate and find those responsible. Meanwhile, crippled boy Marty is very happy with the new motorized wheelchair his dear Uncle Red has given him. One night, Marty sneaks out to a remote bridge to set off some fireworks that Red also gave to him and is attacked by a hairy creature. Luckily, Marty shoots a rocket in to the left eye of the attacker and escapes. He tells his sister Jane he was attacked by a werewolf and convinces her to seek out anyone in town with an injured eye. She discovers that it's the local reverend who is the creature. Now the siblings have to convince Uncle Red to help them prepare for a visit by the reverend at the next full moon. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comments by Actor / Writer Roy C. Peterson Wonderful juxtaposition of the small pastoral southern town with the horrific events which soon invade it. One morning a local railroad employee and drunkard is found mangled on the train tracks. What else would have done this but the nightly train? The way he was passing out all the time it was long overdue. But it wasn't the train. It was a werewolf. A really big, unusually angry werewolf. In size he is more like a were-bear. In the first scene where we see him, he appears at a girls bedroom window, then disappears, then suddenly reappears smashing the through entire window casing. Then, with claws like a bear, he just rips that girl to shreds. This is an excellent adaptation of the werewolf legend to America. The story is engrossing with surprising plot twists and the acting is excellent. 
 Anne of Green Gables (1985)Summaries An orphan girl, sent to an elderly brother and sister by mistake, charms her new home and community with her fiery spirit and imagination. At the turn of the century on Prince Edward Island, Matthew Cuthbert and his sister Marilla decide to take on an orphan boy as help for their farm. But they get an unexpected jolt when they're mistakenly sent a girl instead: Anne Shirley. Anne's a dreamer with an unusual point of view, far removed from Marilla's pragmatic ways, and it's only on trial that Marilla agrees to keep Anne...if Anne can keep out of trouble, only Anne has a positive genius for it. As Anne falls into a series of scrapes (and off a roof), makes a bosom friend, searches (and finds) several kindred spirits, Matthew and Marilla discover that their lives have become a great deal richer, now that Anne is at Green Gables. Kathy Li In the early 1900s, elderly Matthew Cuthbert and his spinster sister Marilla Cuthbert live on a farmstead in Avonlea, Prince Edward Island, the house on the property known as Green Gables. To assist with the farm work, they decide to adopt an orphan boy. Through an error, they instead receive a twelve year old orphan girl named Anne Shirley. Anne is outspoken, opinionated and stubborn, but she is also kind, good-hearted and bright. She is extremely self conscious of her looks, especially the fact of her freckles and her red hair. She has a vivid imagination tending toward fantasized romance and tragedy, this a mechanism to escape the harsh life she's endured thus far. Upon meeting Anne, Matthew does not have the heart to send her back. Although the Cuthberts have no practical use for a girl, Matthew talks a begrudging Marilla into keeping Anne, if only on a trial basis. In addition to Marilla, Anne has to win over many of the people of Avonlea, who see an orphan as being nothing but trouble. But in Avonlea, Anne also has many kindred spirits as she calls her dearest friends, including Matthew, classmate Diana Barry, Diana's Aunt Josephine and school teacher Muriel Stacey. Another colleague with whom she has a rocky beginning is classmate Gilbert Blythe, although Gilbert sees Anne in a different light. Through trials and tribulations, Anne does win over those important to her, including Marilla, who ultimately cannot even imagine what life would have been like without Anne. As Anne matures into young womanhood into her late teens, she demonstrates her many talents at Green Gables, at public school and at Queen's College in Charlottetown. When tragedy strikes the Cuthbert family, Gilbert shows Anne how true a kindred spirit he really is. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 