nm0001581:

 New York Minute (I) (2004)761) Jane and Roxy Ryan are teenage Long Island twins who find themselves on numerous misadventures when they trek into Manhattan on a school day. One day in New York City, Jane Ryan tries out for an overseas college program, her twin sister Roxy schemes to meet her favorite punk rockers, and a series of mishaps throws their day into chaos. The usually-adversarial sister decide to unite against the forces around them so both can accomplish their goals. Anonymous Jane and Roxanne (Roxy) Ryan don't get alone but must try on their way from Long Island to New York City. Overachiever Jane wants to win the Callahan Fellowship scholarship to study abroad, and rebel Roxy wants to sneak backstage and get Simple Plan to listen to her demo tape. Somehow Jane's day planner lands them in the middle of a black-market deal involving a computer chip that the limo driver is after (they find it in a pork roll). They're also accused of kidnapping a senator's dog after he EATS the chip-containing pork roll. Jane gets arrested, but Jim the bike messenger helps her out. They can't fail or Roxy could end up in a convent school and Jane's college dreams might not come true. In the end the sisters get closer with Roxy prepared to 'be' her twin to win her the scholarship after she's arrested. trenchcoatwins.com Over a 24-hour period, 17-year-old sisters/adversaries Jane and Roxy Ryan begrudgingly journey together from their Long Island home to New York City, where overachiever Jane must deliver a speech to qualify for a prestigious college scholarship abroad. Meanwhile, laid-back punk-rock rebel Roxy hopes to get backstage at an underground music-video shoot for punk-pop band Simple Plan, so she can slip them her demo tape. But both girls' plans go awry when a mix-up involving Jane's day-planner lands them in the middle of a shady black-market transaction. Pursued by an overzealous truant officer and accused of kidnapping a dog belonging to a senator, the Ryans must find a way to work together to thwart the forces threatening to jeopardize Jane's college dreams and ship Roxy off to a convent school. douglas The story takes place during the course of one day in the lives of twin sisters Roxy and Jane, who journey to New York City: Jane must present a speech and hopefully win a prestigious college scholarship, and Roxy is determined to slip her demo tape to the group Simple Plan at the shooting of their new video. Things get complicated when they land in the middle of a shady black-market transaction, are chased by an overzealous truant officer, and are accused of stealing a senator's dog. Twin sisters Jane and Roxy Ryan just can't get along, but they must learn to as they travel from Long Island to New York City. Jane must get her Callahan Fellowship scholarship to enter a prestigious college while Roxy hopes to get backstage at an underground music-video shoot to slip punk-pop band Simple Plan her demo tape. But en route, they are chased by an overzealous truant officer and accused of stealing a senator's dog. Corey Semple (AdamSandler's8SexyNights) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 17-year-old twin sisters Jane (Ashley Olsen) and Roxy Ryan (Mary-Kate Olsen) are completely different and never see eye to eye, and live with their father in a suburban Long Island neighborhood. Over a 24-hour period, the two begrudgingly journey together into the city for Jane, an uptight overachiever, to deliver a speech to qualify for a prestigious college scholarship abroad, and for Roxy, a laid-back punk-rock rebel, to get backstage at a music video shoot so that she can give her demo tape to the group. Jane and Roxy board the train into New York but are soon thrown off together after Roxy is found without a ticket. At the station, Jane bumps into Jim (Riley Smith), and they flirt back and forth before he gets on the train. Meanwhile, Roxy becomes unknowingly involved in a shady black-market transaction after an illegal chip device is mistakenly planted in her bag. Bennie Bang (Andy Richter), the man behind the plan, offers Roxy a ride in a swanky limousine and she accepts, dragging Jane along who is reluctant about getting into cars with strangers. He locks them inside but they escape through the sun roof and he chases them into the city subway where they help one another to fight him off. Meanwhile, Max Lomax (Eugene Levy), an overzealous truant officer from the school, is on the hunt to find Roxy after news of her continuously missing school and forging absence letters from her father. Several unlucky incidents occur as they begin their journey such as Jane's heels snapping and being drenched by a hobo's blue slush drink. At the nearest store, Jane realizes she's left her day planner in the limo, which has "her whole life" in it including money and the prompt cards needed her for college speech later that day. To clean up, they break into a posh hotel room and soon receive a phone call from Bennie who threatens to meet him to give the chip back or they won't get the day planner, but before they can leave, they meet Trey (Jared Padalecki), the son of the powerful Senator who's staying at the hotel, and his dog who swallows the chip. They are forced to take the dog with them. Jane and Roxy make their way to their destinations and decide to part ways. Roxy heads to the Simple Plan video shoot being followed by Max, while Jane goes to meet Bennie for an exchange. When he finds out the dog, Ronaldo, has swallowed the chip, he tries to attack Jane who flees from the car and goes to find Roxy. While running from Max and Bennie, the two end up on stage with the band and crowd surf to get away. Trey is also trying to find Roxy who runs into Bennie and gets kidnapped in the trunk of his car. Meanwhile, Jane and Roxy end up in the underground sewer with the dog, with Jane's speech in less than two hours. A little later, they walk into the House Of Bling where Big Shirl (Mary Bond Davis) gives them both a makeover. Max hunts them down and they escape in a cab even when Jane failed her driving test. They accidentally pick up the same man that Roxy spilled her drink on in the train. When they stop, they argue. Jane explains that Roxy has never been there for her and never takes life seriously, and she feels she stopped taking responsibility for anything after their mother died, leaving Jane in charge. Conversely, Roxy believes Jane doesn't need to take control of everything and feels she's been pushed away, since she wasn't even invited to Jane's speech. Jane goes to meet Bennie who throws her in the back of a van with Ronaldo and drives her to see his mother who is in charge of the whole operation; they sell and buy illegal pirated DVD's and CD's. Roxy finds Bennie's limo and retrieves Jane's day planner, but finds Trey locked in the trunk. They both rush to the building where Jane is meant to give her speech, while Jane fends off Bennie and escapes once again and then runs into Jim who gives her a ride to the same place. When they arrive, Roxy pretends to be Jane so she can give a speech on time, but drops the prompt cards beforehand and has to make it up on the spot, which confuses the judges. The head judge is Senator Hudson McGill (Darrell Hammond), the man from the train and the taxi, alongside Trey's mother, Senator Anne Lipton. Jane turns up just in time who tries to explain what their day has been like and the reason for why she wasn't there. Suddenly, Max intervenes who tries to arrest Roxy and Bennie appears who tries to kidnap Jane, but they both exploit his illegal doings and he is arrested by Max. Knowing she has no opportunity to give her speech, Jane leaves with Roxy. Outside, Hudson McGill catches up to Jane who found her prompt cards and gives her a college scholarship to Oxford, because she "didn't just want to win, she absolutely refused to fail." In the final scene, set months later, Roxy is in the studio recording with her band, watched by Jane, Trey and Jim, who celebrate all together. 
 Beastly (2011)651) A modern-day take on the "Beauty and the Beast" tale where a New York teen is transformed into a hideous monster in order to find true love. At the Buckeston Academy High School, the wealthy, arrogant, narcissistic, and bigoted Kyle Kingson is a student who does not respect his classmates. When Kyle is elected representative of the students, he plays a prank on the outcast Kendra, who has a reputation as a witch: he invites her to a party and humiliates her in front of their classmates. However, Kendra curses him with a spell that makes Kyle as ugly as his soul. Further, she tells him that if he does not find anyone who loves him within a year, he will be doomed to that appearance forever. When Kyle's father, Rob Kingson, sees him, he takes Kyle to specialists but the doctors do not know what to do, so Rob hides Kyle in an apartment with a maid and a blind tutor. When Kyle sees his mate Lindy on the streets, he saves her from a dangerous drug dealer and he brings her to his apartment to protect her. Now his only hope is that Lindy will fall in love with him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A chip off the not-so-old or modest block, Kyle Kingson is a high school senior at prestigious Buckston Academy High School in New York City. He knows that he is wealthy and good-looking, and, based on the tenets of Rob Kingson, his wealthy, good-looking and self-absorbed news anchor father, Kyle believes those traits get one everything in life. Smug Kyle treats poorly and with disdain those who are unattractive or different. Although Kyle is generally idolized by his classmates, there are the few who want to see him brought down a notch or three because of his vainglorious attitude, and chief amongst them is Kendra. After a prank Kyle perpetrates on her--one that she saw coming a mile away--Kendra, a sorceress, places a spell on Kyle, disfiguring his face. The spell will be broken if someone can truly tell him that she loves him. If no one does so within a year, the disfigurement will be permanent. As Rob implies that he would rather have a dead son than an ugly son, he places Kyle in hiding, with only their housekeeper, Jamaican immigrant Zola Davies (who Kyle previously also treated poorly), and a tutor, a blind man named Will, in the house with Kyle. Kyle quickly changes his attitude because of his situation. He can see that he loves Lindy, a classmate to whom he never paid any attention in three years of going to the same school. She, self-described as more substance over style, is smart but from the proverbial wrong side of the tracks, and trying to get away from the troubled life with her drug-addicted father. More than anything, Kyle wants to be her protector, especially from that life. Teaching Kyle to know how to act around someone like Lindy may be a little more difficult than changing his attitude, but he requires and accepts the help of the more insightful Zola and Will. Regardless, Kyle still has to overcome his physical appearance, which he cannot do before someone (Lindy, he hopes) tells him that she truly loves him for who he is inside. Huggo Kyle (Alex Pettyfer) thinks he is God's gift at his high school. He plays a prank on a fellow student, Kendra (Mary-Kate Olsen) who, unbeknown to him, is a witch. Kendra teaches him a lesson by putting a curse on him to make him as beastly on the outside as he is on the inside. He has one year to find someone to fall in love with him or stay like that forever. Anonymous Kyle is a rich, spoiled teen who thinks the world is at his finger tips. When a student, Kendra, calls him a jerk, he decides to play a prank on her. She retaliates by placing a curse on him that turns him into something hideous. She tells him that if at the end of a year, he can't find someone to say "I love you" to him, he will remain like that forever. He then goes into seclusion with a maid and a blind tutor. They convince him to go out and find someone. He goes out and runs into Lindy, another student at his school who is not completely turned off by his swagger. When she gets into trouble, he offers to take her in until the trouble is over. He then adopts the name Hunter and he tries to win her heart but she's not like the other girls who are wooed by his wealth. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kyle Kingson (Alex Pettyfer) is the arrogant and vain son of wealthy and equally as arrogant and vain news anchor Rob Kingston (Peter Krause). When he wins student body president, he bullies the eccentric Kendra Hilferty (Mary-Kate Olsen) for being ugly and strange at the after-party. Disgusted, Kendra magically transforms Kyle into a bald, tattooed and scarred shell of his once-handsome self. Kendra says Kyle has until the next spring to find someone who loves him or he stays this way forever. Rob takes Kyle to live in a private condo with their maid, Zola (Lisa Gay Hamilton), and Kyle's blind tutor, Will Fratalli (Neil Patrick Harris). Rob initially promises to support his son, but gradually neglects his son over time and stops visiting him after work altogether. Angry and hurt, Kyle finds sympathy from Will and Zola. As spring draws closer, Kyle finds himself infatuated with Lindy Taylor (Vanessa Hudgens), a girl from his former school who he had initially been as distant to as he was to Kendra. When Lindy and her father are about to be mugged by two brothers on the street, Lindy's father shoots one of the brothers, the surviving one vowing vengeance by taking Lindy's life. Kyle saves Lindy and her father, and arranges for Lindy to move in with him for her own safety. Initially, Lindy is furious about hiding, since she was to go to Machu Picchu on a field trip - but after she claims she's seen worse when Kyle reveals himself to her (now calling himself "Hunter" around her), they warm up to each other. Kyle writes a letter to Lindy professing his love to her, but he never plans to give it to her, in fear of Lindy not feeling the same way. Will and Zola continue to help Kyle win her over, as the two begin to fall in love. In time, he completely wins her over when they read Frank O'Hara's poem "Having a Coke with You" together out loud. Closer to spring, Kyle makes a deal with Kendra that if he succeeds in winning Lindy's heart, she will restore Will's vision and grant citizenship to Zola's three children in Jamaica. Lindy receives a text message from her father that the criminal who threatened her life is in jail. She and Kyle spend an afternoon at one of Rob's private cottages on a lake. As they are about to kiss, Lindy receives a call notifying her that her father overdosed and is in a hospital. She leaves to see her father, and Kyle gives her his letter, but regrets doing so when she tells him he's a good friend before leaving. Heartbroken, Kyle does not answer Lindy's phone calls, after she reads his letter. Inspired by Will and Zola, Kyle goes to meet Lindy one last time before she leaves for Machu Picchu, and explains he did not answer her calls because he thought she only liked him as a friend. Lindy professes her love, and departs for Machu Picchu. Kyle's normal, handsome self is restored with Kendra's spell broken, but Lindy decides against leaving and tries to find "Hunter" again. She initially ignores Kyle while searching for Hunter, only for Kyle's phone to ring when she calls "Hunter". Realizing Hunter was Kyle, the two share a kiss in the street. Will wakes up one morning and to his delight can see again. Zola finds three green cards for her children in the mail from the government. Kendra is also seen approaching Rob Kingson's office as a new intern, implying that Kendra will likely do the same thing to Rob as she did to Kyle. In the credits, a series of photographs show that Kyle and Lindy went around the world together - including Machu Picchu. 
 The Wackness (2008)431) It's the summer of 1994, and the streets of New York are pulsing with hip-hop. Set against this backdrop, a lonely teenager named Luke Shapiro spends his last summer before university selling marijuana throughout New York City, trading it with his unorthodox psychotherapist for treatment, while having a crush on his stepdaughter. Friendship, love, and coming of age in New York City, summer of 1994. Luke Shapiro has just graduated from high school, sells marijuana, and trades pot for therapy from a psychologist, Dr. Jeffrey Squires. Luke is attracted to a classmate, Stephanie, who's out of his league and Squires' step-daughter. By July, he's hanging out with Stephanie, taking her on his rounds selling pot out of an ice-cream pushcart. Then things take a turn. In the background, Squires and his wife as well as Luke's parents are having their troubles. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Summer, 1994, New York City. Depressed in part because of a dysfunctional home life the result of money problems and feeling like a loser, Luke Shapiro, a drug dealer who has just graduated from high school, has for the last several months bartered weed for the services of therapist Dr. Jeff Squires, an aging hippie, in his want to talk to somebody, anybody who will listen, in a general way. Dr. Squires is the stepfather of the object of Luke's masturbatory fantasies, classmate Stephanie Squires, who sees Luke no more than a casual acquaintance. She knows about the dealer/buyer relationship between Luke and her stepfather, but not the therapy sessions, while Dr. Squires has no idea of Luke's romantic interest in Stephanie. With all their respective friends away for the summer, Stephanie suggests to Luke that they hang out together for the summer as friends. Concurrently, Luke and Dr. Squires truly do become more like friends, constantly high ones, than therapist/patient. That friendship becomes complicated not only as Luke needs advice on how to navigate the fantasy of Stephanie as his girlfriend into potential reality without divulging to Dr. Squires it is Stephanie about who he is talking, but also as Dr. Squires unburdens himself to Luke about his own problems, such as the unsatisfying life that his marriage to Stephanie's mother has become. Specifically with Luke and Stephanie, a question becomes: if Luke is able to get his wish of Stephanie as his girlfriend, what will happen come September when their pre-summer friends return and as they all move onto the next phase of their lives post-high school. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. For psychoanalyst Dr. Jeffrey Squires (Ben Kingsley) his sessions with High-School marijuana dealer Luke Shapiro (Josh Peck) ensure a regular supply of pot to the good doctor. Many of Luke's concerns center on growing pains such as finding a girl, and dealing with his parents who are mismanaging their money and losing their upper East-side New York apartment. Squires tells the young Luke to have fun with his youth, find a girl to have a fling with and enjoy the years before he goes to college. To compensate Luke retreats into his own world and deals more pot to rich party kids to earn cash for college. When by chance he meets Dr. Squire's stepdaughter Stephanie (Olivia Thirlby) it seems the two could have a beautiful future together. But Dr. Squires has his own problems of incompatibility with his younger trophy wife Kristin (Famke Janssen). As Luke and Stephanie grow closer, the young man gets advice on how to woo her and Squires, unaware that it is his stepdaughter, goes through a menu of possible ways for Luke to bed the young woman. Luke subconsciously offers Dr. Squires a way to re-experience his own adolescence and during an all-night party the two find themselves arrested for disorderly conduct. Luke returns home to find that he and his parents have been evicted from their house and must move to New Jersey but he and Stephanie go away to consummate their relationship as Dr. Squires and Kristin come together to re-bond their marriage. When things fall apart Luke finds that he has become the one to console the older Dr. Squires in a bitter sweet life lesson. It's the summer of 1994, and the streets of New York are pulsing with hip hop and wafting with the sweet aroma of marijuana. The newly-inaugurated mayor, Rudolph Giuliani, is only beginning to implement his anti-fun initiatives against crimes like noisy portable radio, graffiti and public drunkenness. 
 It Takes Two (1995)Summaries Alyssa and Amanda are two little girls who are identical, but complete strangers, that accidentally meet one day. Alyssa (a rich girl) and Amanda (an orphan) are two little girls who are identical, but complete strangers, that accidentally meet one day. Together they form a plan to try getting Alyssa's father to prevent making the biggest mistake of his life: marrying an awful woman. Aaron Saltzer Two identical strangers meet accidentally. One is an orphan (Amanda) and the other is a rich kid (Alyssa). Alyssa's father decides to marry a real horror. So the girls switch to get rid of her. In the process, Alyssa's father meets Amanda's case worker. Janelle It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 