nm0005825:

 The Stand (1994)651) After a deadly plague kills most of the world's population, the remaining survivors split into two groups - one led by a benevolent elder and the other by a malevolent being - to face each other in a final battle between good and evil. When a government-run lab accidentally lets loose a deadly virus, most of the population of the world is wiped out. Survivors begin having dreams about two figures: a mystical old woman, or a foreboding, scary man. As the story tracks various people, we begin to realize that the two figures exemplify basic forces of good and evil, and the stage is set for a final confrontation between the representatives of each. Rick Munoz <rick.munoz@his.com> A deadly n highly communicable flu wipes out almost the entire human beings. The military try to cover their negligence but is it really an accident or some sinister force behind. Very few survive the ordeal but is it really their immunity or are they chosen for greater good. The survivors are haunted by supernatural dreams of a mysterious old lady and an evil being, thus dividing em into two different groups. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com The human race is wiped out by a government invented super flu. The remaining survivors take sides in the forces of good and evil. A mysterious old woman who is a servant of God and a powerful and deadly man who might be the devil himself. A gas station attendant, a rock star, a mute, a professor, a farmer, a socialite, a mildly intellectually disabled man, a judge, a teenager, a mother, and a nerd take forces. Mystic80 After a virus escapes from a government research facility, most of mankind is wiped out. Those who are immune from the virus subsequently form into two camps. The first is led by Mother Abigail and the second by Randall Flagg. Within a few months, it becomes apparent that those who support good will need to confront evil if they are to survive. garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At a government laboratory in rural California, a weaponized version of influenza (called Project Blue) is accidentally released, immediately wiping out everyone on staff except for military policeman Charles Campion and his family, who flee the base. However, Campion is already infected by the superflu, nicknamed "Captain Trips", and spreads it to the outside world. That evening, Campion crashes his car at a gas station in East Texas where Stu Redman (Gary Sinise) and some friends have gathered. When they investigate, they find Campion dying of the flu next to his wife and baby daughter, who are already dead. Campion tells Stu with his dying breath that he was followed from the base by a mysterious figure, and states "You can't outrun the Dark Man". The next day, the U.S. military arrive to quarantine the town. While the other townspeople quickly become ill and die, Stu remains healthy and is confined at a CDC facility in Vermont order to study a possible cure. This proves futile and the superflu rages unchecked, causing civilization to collapse and killing over 99% of the population of the entire world in less than two months. After the infection runs its course, a small group of immune survivors lies scattered across the country. These include rock star Larry Underwood (Adam Storke), who has just had his big break but is now stranded in New York City; Nick Andros (Rob Lowe) a deaf man drifter in Arkansas; Frannie Goldsmith (Molly Ringwald) a teenager living in Ogunquit, Maine; Lloyd Henreid (Miguel Ferrer) a criminal stuck in a prison cell in Arizona; and "Trashcan Man" (Matt Frewer) a mentally ill scavenger. The survivors soon begin having visions, either from kindly Mother Abagail (Ruby Dee) or from the demonic Randall Flagg (Jamey Sheridan). The two sets of survivors are instructed to either travel to Nebraska to meet Mother Abagail, or to Las Vegas to join Flagg. As their journeys begin, Lloyd is freed from prison by Flagg in exchange for becoming his second in command. Trashcan Man, who is a pyromaniac, destroys a set of fuel tanks outside of Des Moines in order to win Flagg's favor. Larry escapes New York and meets a mysterious woman named Nadine Cross (Laura San Giacomo). Despite their mutual attraction, Nadine is unable to consummate a relationship with Larry because of her visions of Flagg, who commands her to join him as his concubine. Nadine eventually leaves Larry to travel on her own. Stu escapes from the CDC facility and gathers a group of survivors, including Frannie; Harold Lauder (Corin Nemec) a hometown acquaintance of Frannie's; and Glen Bateman (Ray Walston), a retired college professor. As the group travels west, Harold grows frustrated at the way that Stu has assumed leadership and grown close to Frannie. Meanwhile, Nick makes his way across the Midwest, eventually joined by Tom Cullen (Bill Fagerbakke) a gentle mentally challenged man. Eventually, Nick's group reaches Mother Abagail's farm in Hemingford Home, Nebraska. She tells them of a great conflict is imminent and that they must all travel on to Boulder, Colorado. There, the various survivors, including Stu, Frannie, and Larry, join with others to form a new community based around Mother Abagail's teachings. Meanwhile, Flagg sets up his own autocratic society in Las Vegas. Initially, all is well in Boulder. However, Frannie discovers that she is pregnant by her deceased ex-boyfriend, causing her anxiety because she is not sure whether her child will be immune to the superflu. Meanwhile, Harold grows increasingly dissatisfied with his life in Boulder and begins experiencing visions from Flagg. He is soon seduced by Nadine, and decides to follow Flagg's dictates. Mother Abagail, now the spiritual center of Boulder, becomes convinced that she has fallen into the sin of pride, and leaves town to walk in the wilderness. Shortly thereafter, Harold and Nadine plant a bomb in Frannie and Stu's home and set it off during a meeting of the Free Zone council. Meanwhile, Abagail returns to town greatly weakened and gives a psychic warning to the council members at the meeting. The warning allows most of the council to escape the explosion, but Nick and Susan Stern are killed. In the hospital after the bombing, Mother Abagail tells Stu, Larry, Glen, and fellow council member Ralph Brentner that they must travel to Las Vegas to confront Flagg, then passes away. Meanwhile, Nadine and Harold make a run for the hills where Harold is injured in an accident created by Flagg and ultimately commits suicide, and Nadine is raped by Flagg, who shows his demonic face. Flagg returns to Las Vegas with a traumatized Nadine. He becomes increasingly unstable, showing his true face to Lloyd in a rage. Shortly after this, Nadine taunts Flagg's loss of control over the situation then commits suicide with Flagg's unborn baby inside her. With winter fast approaching, the four men set out on their quest. While crossing a washed out road, Stu breaks his leg and stays behind while the others continue. Larry, Glen, and Ralph are soon captured by Flagg's forces and temporarily imprisoned, although Glen is later shot to death for refusing to betray the Boulder group in exchange for his life. Prior, Glen had also tried but failed to convince Lloyd to change his ways. Larry and Ralph however, are forced to endure a show trial before being publicly executed in Fremont Street. As they are being tortured, to the delight of Flagg's acolytes, Trashcan Man arrives with a stolen nuclear weapon. As Flagg transforms into a demonic visage, a spectral hand reaches out and detonates the bomb, destroying Las Vegas and apparently killing Flagg. Stu is rescued by Tom, who takes him to a nearby cabin to heal as winter sets in. They eventually return to Boulder in the midst of a blinding snow storm. While Stu was away, Frannie gives birth to a baby who had caught the flu. When Stu arrives back home, the baby who is named Abagail (named after Mother Abagail) survives the flu. 
 Lost (20042010)761) The survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island. The past, present, and future lives of surviving Oceanic Flight 815 passengers are dramatically intertwined as a fight for survival ensues in a quest for answers after crashlanding on a mysterious island. Each discovery prompts yet more secrets, as the hastily-formed colony search for a way off the island, or is this their home? Chris Cullen The survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 were 1,000 miles off course when they crashed on a lush, mysterious island. Each person possesses a shocking secret, but they've got nothing on the island itself, which harbors a monstrous security system, a series of underground bunkers and a group of violent survivalists hidden in the shadows. Jwelch5742 Out of the blackness, the first thing Jack senses is pain. Then burning sun. A Bamboo forest. Smoke. Screams. With a rush comes the horrible awareness that the plane he was on tore apart in mid-air and crashed on a Pacific island. From there it's a blur, as his doctor's instinct kicks in: people need his help. Stripped of everything, the 48 survivors scavenge what they can from the plane for their survival. Some panic. Some pin their hopes on rescue. A few find inner strength they never knew they had -- like Kate, who, with no medical training, suddenly finds herself suturing the doctor's wounds. Hurley - a man with a warm sense of humor despite the desperate situation - does his best to keep his cool as he helps those around him to survive. Charlie is a faded rock star who harbors a painful secret. Sayid is a Middle Eastern man who must wrestle with the racial profiling directed at him by some of his fellow survivors. Jin and Sun are a Korean couple whose traditions, values and language are foreign, and thus causes much to get lost in the translation. Sawyer has an air of danger surrounding him, and his intense sense of mistrust for everyone around him could prove to be fatal to his fellow castaways. Michael has just gained custody of his nine-year-old son, Walt, after the death of his ex-wife - they are a father and son who don't even know each other. Locke is a mysterious man who keeps to himself, and who harbors a deeper connection to the island than any of the others. Self-centered Shannon - who actually gives herself a pedicure amid the chaos - and her estranged controlling brother, Boone , constantly bicker and must learn to get along if they are to survive. And young Claire is eight months pregnant and ill-prepared for the hardships of motherhood - especially on a deserted island. ahmetkozan A horrific plane crash leaves 48 passengers alive, and stranded on a remote island in the South Pacific. The survivors include doctor Jack, now freed prisoner Kate, one hit wonder rock star Charlie, Iraqi military vet Sayid, and a mysterious man named Locke. For a while their goal is simple survival, but they soon realize that it was far more than mere chance that brought them together, and each of them has a purpose that will help them unlock the island's secrets. rmlohner After a somewhat mysterious sequence of events, an oceanic flight from Sydney to LA crashes on what appears to be a deserted island. The chance of being found and rescued is fairly small, so the survivors have to cope with a set of challenges. They have to learn to survive on the island, a mysterious place with enough dangers on its own. Also, they have to learn to live with each other if any success is to be expected. And finally, they have to live with themselves and their pasts. Interwoven with the events on the islands are flashbacks to the pasts of 14 main characters. Step by step, we learn a little more about their diverse and unexpected pasts as the group's quest to survive takes shape. RagingR2 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Season 3, the crash survivors learn more about the Others and their long history on the mysterious island, along with the fate of the Dharma Initiative. The leader of the Others, Benjamin Linus, is introduced as well and defections from both sides pave the way for conflict between the two. Time travel elements also begin to appear in the series, as Desmond is forced to turn the fail-safe key in the hatch to stop the electromagnetic event, and this sends his mind eight years to the past. When he returns to the present, he is able to see the future. Kate and Sawyer escape the Others, while Jack stays after Ben promises that Jack will be able to leave the island in a submarine if he operates on Ben, who has cancer. Jack does, but the submarine is destroyed by John. Jack is left behind with Juliet, an Other, who also seeks to leave the island, while John joins the Others. A helicopter carrying Naomi crashes near the island. Naomi says her freighter, Kahana, is near and was sent by Penelope Widmore, Desmond's ex-girlfriend. Desmond has a vision in which Charlie will drown after shutting down a signal that prevents communication with the exterior world. His vision comes true, but Charlie speaks with Penelope, who says she does not know any Naomi. Before drowning, Charlie writes on his hand "Not Penny's Boat" so Desmond can read it. Meanwhile, the survivors make contact with a rescue team aboard the freighter. In the season's finale, apparent flashbacks show a depressed Jack going to an unknown person's funeral. In the final scene, these are revealed to be "flash forwards", and Kate and Jack are revealed to have escaped the island. Jack, however, is desperate to go back. 
 Streets of Laredo (1995)Summaries Captain Woodrow Call, now retired from the Rangers, is a bounty hunter. He is hired by an eastern rail baron to track down Joey Garza, a new kind of killer, only a boy, who kills from a distance with a rifle. Joined by his old compadre Pea Eye, it is a long ride to south Texas and the Mexican side of the border, where the past, in the form of Maria Garza, Joey's mother, haunts Call. Bruce Cameron <dumarest@midcoast.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Falling Skies (20112015)431) Survivors of an alien attack on earth gather together to fight for their lives and fight back. The chaotic aftermath of an alien attack has left most of the world completely incapacitated. In the six months since the initial invasion, the few survivors have banded together outside major cities to begin the difficult task of fighting back. Each day is a test of survival as citizen soldiers work to protect the people in their care while also engaging in an insurgency campaign against the occupying alien force. Deeww The series tells the story of the aftermath of a global invasion by several races of extraterrestrials that neutralizes the world's power grid and technology, quickly destroys the combined militaries of all the world's countries, and apparently kills over 90% of the human population within a few days. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Harnessed children, with alien machinery in their backs, work like drones on top of a building. There are a dozen of them and they're scavenging scrap metal. Mechs and skitters stand guard out front. Tom and his group conduct surveillance from a rooftop across the street. There are 6 aliens and five of them. They're talking about coming back later when Karen knocks a brick off the roof and the aliens hear and open fire. They have to retreat. Back at the high school HQ, Tom is immediately swarmed by parents of missing children asking if he saw them. Anne suggests the parents post their pictures on a bulletin board. Porter is back and delivers a briefing in the command post. He reports a scout ran into resistance fighters outside of Chicago who know about groups in Texas, Oklahoma and California. The bad news is alien structures are going up over other cities, like Boston. Porter orders them to collect intel and war material. Weaver tells them he'll be breaking them down into teams of four and six fighters. Tom tells Porter what he knows about the harnessed kids. He tells them the science team removed harnesses from three kids, but they died hours later. He says now the chief surgeon thinks he has a solution, but he needs to test it. Tom knows he means Ben. Weaver doesn't want to bother with rescuing a dozen kids, but Tom tells him it's important to keep hope alive by bringing parents their kids back. He tells Tom to just bring Ben back for now. The civilians have set up school in the gym. Tom finds Matt sitting by himself. He's worried about his brother. He heard the kids die when the harnesses are removed. His dad tells him a doctor figured out how to take them off safely. Uncle Scott brings Pope food in his cell. He objects to the preparation and rants about the technique. Turns out Pope was a chef. Uncle Scott suggests to Weaver that they let him cook. Weaver checks with Maggie, who vouches that Pope can cook. He learned in prison. When Pope comes in, he complains about their cooking equipment but says he'll take the job. Tom checks with Anne about the doctor. She describes him as very smart and competent and sure he's the best for the job. His name's Michael Harris (Steven Weber). Tom knows him. Later, Michael tells Tom about getting separated from Rebecca, Tom's wife. He tells Tom he's sorry. The next day, Tom and usual group watch the harnessed kids, looking for Ben. Mike sees his son Ricky and immediately jumps up yelling and runs for him. Tom tries to cover him and throws a bomb at a mech. Mike gets his son in the truck. Tom wants to go back for Ben but a mech shoots at him and knocks him out. Dai grabs Tom and throws him in the truck. Karen and Hal run but soon find a mech in their path. Cut to Tom waking up with Dai, Mike and Ricky. He doesn't want to go re-arm and wants to get Karen and Hal. He takes Dai's shotgun and walks down a dark hallway. He hears a noise and is soon face to face with a skitter. He runs but it races after him on the ceiling and knocks him down. It gets on top of him, but Tom scoots for his sawed off and blows off one of its legs. That slows it down so he can shoot it in the head. He beats it with his gun until it stops moving. Back at camp, Anthony reports to Weaver that they didn't get Ben. Weaver hears a hubhub and goes to investigate in the hallway. He finds Tom dragging the still kicking alien down the hallway. "I brought you a prisoner of war," he tells Weaver. Weaver is impressed. Tom gets a fresh gun and heads out. Hal wakes up in the rubble to see his zombified brother dragging Karen away. A mech shines a light on him and five hardnessed kids line up to face him. A skitter inspects him then the mech opens fire on the harnessed kids. Dr. Harris prepares to do surgery on Ricky, who also has cystic fibrosis. Weaver stops in and Dr. Harris essentially tells him to get out of his way. He says they have to cut the harness out instead of removing it entirely. He lights a small torch and starts cutting the harness needles. He thinks the harness supplies the kids with a drug and they were dying when they were suddenly cut off. So he's pumped Ricky full of morphine in preparation for slowly lowering the dosage. They have to leave the probes in the kid. Harris explains that the harnesses are partially organic, so over time they fuse into the kid. Tom runs down a dark street and sees Hal stumbling toward him. Hal tells him the skitters took Karen. He doesn't understand why his dad left, but Tom says he was knocked out. Hal tells him the mech killed the kids and let him go. Tom recognizes it as an old Nazi trick, leaving one alive as the messenger. So if they go back, they have to get all the kids. At the high school, Porter is excited to have a live skitter to study. He's going to have Dr. Harris stick around for three weeks. Pope feeds people and Weaver says he'll give him a week tryout, but he still has to get locked up when he's not working. Tom visits Ricky, who is still knocked out after the harness removal. Anne says he's stable and it seems like the procedure worked. Tom finds Dr. Harris drinking Scotch outside the skitter's cell. Harris says there are people who think that those surviving the first wave of the invasion are the best of mankind, but he doesn't think there's anything noble about running away. Tom asks if that's how Harris survived. He blames him for abandoning Rebecca. Harris says he wasn't with her when the second wave attack started, but Tom says he found her with a bag that was too heavy for her to carry alone. Harris says it was a split second decision and "I thought the community needed my medical skills..." Tom decks him. Harris then says it's actually Tom who's responsible for her death because that morning Tom was supposed to go with her looking for provisions. Harris says that because he's now alive, Ben has a chance to live. Tom says the people who survived owe it to those that didn't to become the best of mankind. He visits the wall of missing children and puts up Ben's picture. He finds Hal wrapped around Matt, sound asleep. In its cell, the skitter wakes up. Ricky opens his eyes. 