nm0005195:

 Snatch (2017 )Summaries A group of up-and-coming hustlers who stumble upon a truck-load of stolen gold bullion are suddenly thrust into the high-stakes world of organized crime. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 All American (2018 )Summaries When a star high school football player from South Central is recruited to play for Beverly Hills High School, two separate worlds collide. Inspired by the true life story of NFL Superbowl Champion, Spencer Paysinger, All American is an inspiring, ensemble family drama about a young, high school football phenom, Spencer James and the two families whose homes he shares after transferring from Crenshaw to Beverly High - his mother and brother in South Central LA and the Bakers of Beverly Hills. But as these two families and their vastly different worlds are drawn together, Spencer, the Bakers, and the James family will discover that the differences that divide us on the surface hide a deeper connection - the complicated, imperfect humanity that unites us all. CW Network It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stoned (2005)Summaries A chronicle of the sordid life and suspicious death of Rolling Stones co-founder Brian Jones, who was found in the bottom of his swimming pool weeks after being let go from the band. Fact-based story about the drug-addled and sordid life of The Rolling Stones founder Brian Jones. Unfortunately the story moves so quickly into the sensationalized decadence and drug-induced state of Jones, that the unknowing viewer has to wonder why anyone would care. There are only a few framing sequences with members of The Stones, particularly Keith Richards, that show they had a great respect for him and tried to bring him back into the band as he drifted away. Mixed into the destruction of Jones is a common builder, Frank Thorogood, who is given the unenviable task of trying to please Jones by rebuilding his estate and to watch him per Jones' manager's instructions. Thorogood's life is so far removed from all of the sex and drugs that he sees, that he envies and desires the tawdry life as well, but never quite fits in. Unfortunately, at least according to this film and according to a supposed death bed confessional of Thorogood in 1993, it led to Thorogood's murder of Jones in a swimming pool "accident". John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Monster-in-Law (2005)44) The love life of Charlotte is reduced to an endless string of disastrous blind dates, until she meets the perfect man, Kevin. Unfortunately, his merciless mother will do anything to destroy their relationship. After years of looking for Mr. Right, Charlotte 'Charlie' Cantilini finally finds the man of her dreams, Kevin Fields, only to discover that his mother, Viola, is the woman of her nightmares. A recently fired news anchor who is afraid she will lose her son the way she has just lost her career, Viola determines to scare off her son's new fianc by becoming the world's worst mother-in-law. While Viola's long-time assistant Ruby does her best to help Viola execute her crazy schemes, Charlie decides to fight back and the gloves come off as the two women battle it out to see just who is the alpha-female. Sujit R. Varma When the versatile and simple Charlotte meets the surgeon Kevin, she finds her Prince Charming. Meanwhile, his obsessive mother and famous anchor Viola is replaced on her TV talk show and has a nervous breakdown. When she leaves the clinic, Kevin schedules a visit with Charlie to her mansion and unexpectedly proposes to Charlie. Viola decides to plot a despicable plan to make Charlie crazy and call off their wedding. When Charlie discloses the scheme of her future mother-in-law, she pays her back for her malice. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A doting, overly-possessive mother fresh from a mental breakdown after she was replaced on her TV talk show re-enters her son's life just as he decides to get engaged to a free spirited, multi-talented woman who works as a dog-walker and temp at a doctor's office. Immediately seeing the woman as a threat, she puts on a good face in front of her son but immediately starts plotting against her. However, two can play that game and the war is on. In the middle of the mess is the mother's assistant, who is loyal to her boss but has been with her long enough to not take any of her guff. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 