nm0004896:

 Cradle 2 the Grave (2003)44) A jewel thief's daughter is kidnapped after he steals a collection of prized black diamonds, which aren't at all what they seem. When his daughter is kidnapped and held in exchange for priceless diamonds, the leader of a crew of highly skilled urban thieves (DMX) forges an unlikely alliance with a Taiwanese Intelligence officer (Jet Li) to rescue her. Their race against the clock to find the precious stones ultimately unravels a plot to distribute a deadly new weapon of war. PhatBleek When an international criminal (Dacascos) kidnaps the daughter of a gang leader (DMX) as part of a diamond heist, it causes a city's police to engage in an intensive search (led by a government agent played by Li), aided by the father's gangsters. Schleppy A team of professional thieves are hired to rob a jewelry exchange. Now a Chinese guy throws a monkey wrench into their plans. When it's over all that they got is a bag full of black gems which is what the man who hired them wanted. Now the leader brings it to his fence. Now the Chinese man shows up wanting the gems. He also tells him that they are not gems. When they goes to the fence to get them, they discover that someone stole them. His daughter has been kidnapped by the man who owns the stones, and wants them back. They discover that the one sho stole them is a rival of the criminal, while they go to every single one of his associates to find who has them. The man who kidnapped his daughter is also doing what he can to find them. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Funny People (2009)431) When seasoned comedian George Simmons learns of his terminal, inoperable health condition, his desire to form a genuine friendship causes him to take a relatively green performer under his wing as his opening act. George is a very successful stand up comedian who learns that he has an untreatable blood disorder and is given less than a year to live. Ira is a struggling up-and-coming stand up comedian who works at a deli and has yet to figure out his onstage persona. One night, these two perform at the same club and George takes notice of Ira. George hires Ira to be his semi-personal assistant as well as his friend. Anonymous George Simmons, who started his performing career as a stand-up comic, is a movie star, generally of high concept lowbrow movies. His movie star status affords him many privileges in life, such as all the indiscriminate sex he wants, which is a lot, although he would admit that he leads a lonely life in not having what he considers true close friends. He has just been diagnosed as having a rare form of leukemia, which his doctors want to try to treat with experimental therapy. He decides not to divulge the news of his illness to the public. Reflecting on his life because of the diagnosis, George decides to go back to his roots of performing stand-up at comedy clubs. It is at one of those impromptu comedy club appearances that he meets Ira Wright, a struggling comic. Ira isn't adept as a stand-up comic, largely as he doesn't know how to deliver the material with impact. He is not averse to doing whatever to get laughs at his shows, from paying friends and acquaintances to be audience plants, to stealing material. He has a "woe is me" attitude about his lack of success and his need to make money as a clerk at a supermarket deli counter. Regardless of quitting that job, he sleeps on the pull-out sofa of his friend, Mark Taylor Jackson, who has a modicum of fame starring in "Yo Teach", a second rate sitcom albeit airing on network TV. Another interloper in Mark's apartment is their mutual friend, Leo Koenig, a fellow stand-up with slightly better comic instincts than Ira. It is only out of circumstance that it is Ira who George chooses first to write him some material, then second to work as his personal assistant, that latter job largely as his friend for hire, which Ira gladly accepts as a way both for a glimpse into fame and into comic success. George also contemplates reconnecting with his old girlfriend, former actress Laura, the one he believes got away, their break-up twelve years ago because of his infidelity. Laura is now married to Clarke, an Aussie businessman who is often away on business in China, they who have two adolescent daughters. George eventually learns that Laura is unhappy in her marriage, in part because of Clarke's absences and what she believes is also his infidelity. George and Laura do reconnect as she finds out about his dire diagnosis. George's relationship with both Laura and Ira may be affected by the ups and downs in his life prognosis. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. George Simmons (Adam Sandler) is an extremely successful comedian and actor. But he is very self-absorbed, lonely and estranged from his family by choice. He is subsequently diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia and is informed that traditional treatments such as chemotherapy and radiation would be unlikely to benefit him, so he embarks on an experimental treatment with an 8% chance of response. Consequently, he falls into a depression and upon seeing old tapes of his standup days, he decides to return to his roots and do stand-up comedy. Ira Weiner (Seth Rogen) is an aspiring stand-up comedian who dreams of quitting his day job. George and Ira meet at a comedy club, where George unexpectedly takes the stage to deliver a dark routine. Ira is forced to follow and draws some laughs by mocking George's morbidity as he watches from the back. George calls Ira the next morning asking him to write jokes for him to perform at a MySpace corporate event. The event goes well and George hires Ira as an assistant. George informs Ira of his condition and Ira cares for George through the treatment. Eventually, Ira breaks down, begging George to tell people about his prognosis. While in the process of telling his friends, George is visited by his ex-fiance, Laura (Leslie Mann). She is married to Clarke, who is cheating on her while away on business. She regrets leaving George and they reconcile. George sees his doctor and learns that the medicine has worked; he has no traces of the disease, but it could resurface. Ira is happy but George is unsure what to do with his life. He decides he wants a long-term relationship and calls Laura, but does not tell her the news. George and Ira go to San Francisco to perform; Laura meets them there. George makes Ira tell Laura during intermission that he is better. George later explains that he didn't want to jinx it. They embrace and she invites George and Ira to her house in Northern California. George and Ira spend time with his and her daughters. George and Laura sneak into the guest house, and George performs cunnilingus on her. Ira tells both daughters that George is healthy now. Clarke unexpectedly arrives home; Laura asks George and Ira to keep up the faade of George still being sick. In the morning, Clarke gives George a tearful goodbye. His daughters reveal that George is actually healthy. Clarke confronts Laura and suspects she is cheating. Laura tries to explain that George may not be entirely better and calls Clarke out on his infidelity so Clarke drives off. Laura decides to leave him. Ira thinks George should leave because it is not worth it to ruin a twelve-year marriage, but George threatens to fire him. The next day, George, Ira, and Laura watch video of her daughter Mable performing a song. Ira and Laura find the performance moving, but George thinks it's hilarious and offends Laura. Laura leaves for the airport to tell Clarke she is leaving him. Ira lies to George and follows her. Clarke tells Laura that he wants to give their marriage another try. Laura agrees and says her fling with George was just a flirtation. Ira gets caught by Clarke trying to sneak away. Laura is forced to tell Clarke she slept with George. Clarke chases George out of his house, throwing fists at him. George asks Laura to explain but she sides with her husband. Heading back to Los Angeles, George berates Ira for his betrayal and fires him. Ira fires back at George for not learning from his experience and that his insensitivity hasn't changed. Ira goes back to his old job. George attends Ira's stand-up and watches him being much more confident on stage. The next day, George finds Ira at work and admits that even though he is no longer sick, his attitude needs improvement. George offers Ira jokes he wrote down, proving he is making an attempt to become a better person. 
 Fast Five (2011)651) Dominic Toretto and his crew of street racers plan a massive heist to buy their freedom while in the sights of a powerful Brazilian drug lord and a dangerous federal agent. Former cop Brian O'Conner partners with ex-con Dom Toretto on the opposite side of the law. Since Brian and Mia Toretto broke Dom out of custody, they've blown across many borders to elude authorities. Now backed into a corner in Rio de Janeiro, they must pull one last job in order to gain their freedom. As they assemble their elite team of top racers, the unlikely allies know their only shot of getting out for good means confronting the corrupt businessman who wants them dead. But he's not the only one on their tail. Hard-nosed federal agent Luke Hobbs never misses his target. When he is assigned to track down Dom and Brian, he and his strike team launch an all-out assault to capture them. But as his men tear through Brazil, Hobbs learns he can't separate the good guys from the bad. Now, he must rely on his instincts to corner his prey... before someone else runs them down first. Universal Pictures Dominic Toretto and Brian O'Conner are still wanted men. They are now in Brzil along with Dom's sister, Mia. They were hired to do a job but it seems they were being used by someone and now that someone is after them. They decide to go after him so they bring in some of their friends to help them. And the same time, Luke Hobbs a government agent who specializes in tracking down fugitives arrives in Brazil and is determined to get them. rcs0411@yahoo.com Former agent Brian O'Conner and his girlfriend Mia Toretto rescue her brother Dominic Toretto during transportation to prison, and they flee to Rio de Janeiro. They rob a car from custody and find that the powerful drug lord Hernan Reyes has US$ 100,000 in a safe located inside the police station, protected by corrupt policeman. Dominic invites his skilled crew to steal the dirty money and achieve their freedom, moving to a country without extradition to the USA. Meanwhile the tough FBI agent Luke Hobbs comes to Brazil with an elite force to arrest Dominic and Brian. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Brian O'Conner gets on the wrong side of the law when he is falsely associated with the murder of multiple police officers. He escapes to Brazil with Dom and Mia Toretto to pull of a ten million dollar heist and disappear. Their heist is made more challenging when a highly skilled and ruthless cop is sent to catch them. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Picking up immediately where the previous film 'Fast & Furious' left off, Dominic "Dom" Toretto ( Vin Diesel ) is being transported to Lompoc prison by bus, his sister Mia Toretto ( Jordana Brewster ) and friend Brian O'Conner ( Paul Walker ) lead an assault on the bus, causing it to crash, freeing Dom. While authorities search for them, the trio escape to Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Awaiting Dom's arrival, Mia and Brian join their friend Vince ( Matt Schulze ) (from the first Fast and Furious film) and other participants on a job to steal three cars from a train. While aboard the train, Brian and Mia discover the train is carrying DEA agents and that the cars are seized property. When Dom arrives with the rest of the participants, he realizes that one of them, Zizi ( Michael Irby ), is only interested in stealing one car (a Ford GT40). Dom has Mia steal the car herself while Dom and Brian fight Zizi and his henchmen, with Zizi killing the DEA agents assigned to the vehicles. Dom and Brian are captured and brought to crime lord and owner of the cars Hernan Reyes ( Joaquim de Almeida ), Zizi's boss, where he orders the pair be interrogated to discover the location of the car. However, they manage to escape and retreat to their safehouse. While Brian, Dom, and Mia examine the car to discover its importance, Vince arrives and is caught trying to remove a computer chip from the car, admitting that he was planning to sell it to Reyes on his own. Dom forces Vince to leave and after investigating the chip, Brian discovers it contains details of Reyes' criminal empire including the locations of $100 million in cash. Following the murder of the DEA agents aboard the train, blamed on Dom and his team, U.S. Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) agent Luke Hobbs ( Dwayne Johnson ) and his team arrive in Rio to capture Dom and Brian. They travel to Dom's safehouse with assistance from local officer Elena Neves ( Elsa Pataky ), but find it under assault by Reyes' men. Brian, Dom and Mia escape with Dom suggesting they split up and leave Rio, but Mia announces she is pregnant with Brian's child. Dom agrees to stick together and suggests they steal Reyes' money to start a new life. The trio organizes a team to perform the heist, recruiting Dom's old friend Han Lue ( Sung Kang ) (from the third Fast and the Furious: Tokyo Drift and the previous film), Roman Pearce ( Tyrese Gibson ), Tej Parker ( Ludacris ) (both from 2 Fast 2 Furious), former Braga associate Gisele Yashar ( Gal Gadot ) (from the previous film), and Dom's Dominican hijackers from the previous film; Tego Leo ( Tego Calderon ) and Rico Santos ( Don Omar ). Vince later joins the team after saving Mia from being captured by Reyes' men, earning Dom's trust once more. Hobbs and his team eventually find and arrest Dom, Mia, Brian and Vince. While transporting them to the airport for extradition to the United States, the convoy is attacked by Reyes' men, killing Hobbs' team and Vince. Hobbs is saved by Dom, Brian and Mia as they fight back against Reyes' men and escape. Wanting revenge for his murdered team, Hobbs and Elena agree to help with the heist. The gang breaks into the police station where Reyes' money is kept and tear the vault from the building using their cars, dragging it through the city with police in pursuit. Believing they cannot outrun the police, Dom makes Brian continue without him while he attacks the police and the pursuing Reyes, using the vault attached to his car to smash their vehicles. Brian returns to kill Zizi, while Reyes is badly injured by Dom's assault. Hobbs arrives on the scene and executes Reyes. Hobbs refuses to let the pair go free, but unwilling to arrest them, agrees to give them a 24-hour head start to escape. The gang split Reyes' money, with Dom leaving Vince's share to his family, before the members go their separate ways. In the South Pacific, Brian and Mia, now visibly pregnant, relax on a beach, where they are met by Dom and Elena. Brian challenges Dom to a final, no-stakes race to prove who is the better driver. In a post-credits scene, Hobbs is given a file by US Customs agent Monica Fuentes ( Eva Mendes ) (from 2 Fast 2 Furious) concerning the hijack of a military convoy in Berlin. In the file, Hobbs discovers a recent photo of Letty Ortiz ( Michelle Rodriguez ), Dom's presumed-deceased girlfriend, implying that she survived the events of Fast & Furious 4. 
 8 Mile (2002)321) A young rapper, struggling with every aspect of his life, wants to make it big but his friends and foes make this odyssey of rap harder than it may seem. The setting is Detroit in 1995. The city is divided by 8 Mile, a road that splits the town in half along racial lines. A young white rapper, Jimmy "B-Rabbit" Smith Jr. summons strength within himself to cross over these arbitrary boundaries to fulfill his dream of success in hip hop. With his pal Future and the three one third in place, all he has to do is not choke. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's 1995. Jimmy "B-Rabbit" Smith Jr. ( Eminem ) is a young and frustrated blue-collar factory worker. He has moved back north of 8 Mile to the run-down trailer home in Warren, belonging to his alcoholic mother, Stephanie ( Kim Basinger ), his younger sister, Lily ( Chloe Greenfield ) and Stephanie's abusive live-in boyfriend, Greg ( Michael Shannon ). Jimmy is focused on getting his rap career started. He seems to have stalled in progress; choking in the middle of a rap battle and getting booed off stage. Prior to the events of the film, Jimmy had broken up with his pregnant girlfriend, Janeane ( Taryn Manning ). During the film, Jimmy begins a new relationship with Alex ( Brittany Murphy ), who he meets at the factory he works in. Jimmy begins to realise that his life has remained pretty much the same since he graduated from high school.At first, he considers himself to be a victim of circumstances and blames others for his problems. Over time, Jimmy begins to take responsibility for his life and how much control he has over it. He questions whether his group of friends, including "Future" ( Mekhi Phifer ), are holding themselves back from moving onto bigger things. Jimmy appears to decide that he'll put his dream of a music career on hold so he can provide for his mother and sister. The rap battle acts as a final conflict between Jimmy and a rap group known as "The Leaders of the Free World." They have been harrassing Jimmy throughout the film. This starts with the deterioation of Jimmy's friendship with "Wink" ( Eugene Byrd ). Wink pesters Jimmy throughout the film, promising him that he has links to help them "get big" and he can hook Jimmy up with influential people. When Jimmy shows up at the studio, he finds Wink having sex with Alex. Enraged, Jimmy beats up Wink as Alex tries to break it up. This makes Wink team up with the "The Free World" and beats Jimmy up as his little sister, Lily watches inside the trailer. Jimmy is left with a black eye that is present at the final rap battle. Jimmy's boss is impressed by his new found responsibility, giving Jimmy the extra shifts he'd asked for at the beginning. A late night shift conflicts with a rap battle which Jimmy initially doesn't want to go to. A visit from Alex changes his mind. Paul ( Craig Chandler ), a gay co-worker who Jimmy stuck up for, agress to cover his shift. Throughout the film, Jimmy's friends constantly refer to him as an incredible rapper but we only see snippets of skills. The tournament consists of three rounds where Jimmy has to rap against a member of the "Free World." Jimmy wins two of the rounds with better rapping in each round. In the last round, Jimmy is pitched against "Papa Doc" ( Anthony Mackie ), the tournament's most feared rapper. Jimmy is aware that Papa Doc knows his weak points so Jimmy addresses them in his freestyle. He uses his 'white trash' background and the various inflictions the "Free World" have put upon him. He also acknowledges the difficult life he's had as a springboard to reveal the truth about Papa Doc; how he passes himself off as a thug but has actually come from a priviledged background. Jimmy makes a reference to the beat the DJ is playing (Shook Ones Part II), calling Papa Doc a 'halfway crook' which sends the crowd crazy. Papa Doc is left speechless, drops the mic and backs down. As Jimmy leaves the venue, Future suggests that he stay and celebrate his victory; offering him the position that would allow him to host battles at the Shelter. Jimmy refuses, stating that he needs to get back to work and do things his own way. Future accepts this and respects it. The final shot of the film sees Jimmy walking away from the shelter, looking more confident about his future. 