nm0005444:

 The Opponent (1988)Summaries In order to prove himself to his girlfriend's father, a young man takes up boxing professionally. The father becomes his trainer and a sleazy promoter gets interested in him, but the road to the title won't be easy. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 General Hospital (1963 )44) Families, friends, enemies, and lovers experience life-changing events in the large upstate city of Port Charles, New York, which has a busy hospital, upscale hotel, cozy diner, and dangerous waterfront frequented by the criminal underworld. Events in this daytime drama are centered in Port Charles, a community on the coast in upper New York. On-going plots are centered around the people who work in General Hospital, people who work in the business community (most notably for the Quartermaines' company E.L.Q.), and some sort of international intrigue involving former Agents of the W.S.B. (World Security Bureau). Big plots of the past include Luke (Anthony Geary) and Laura's (Genie Francis') wedding and Mikkos Cassadine's (John Colicos') evil weather machine. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Skye Quartermaine (Robin Christopher) headlines a show about the residents of Port Charles, New York. Once a show about the drama inside a city hospital, General Hospital has evolved into a show where the hospital has been nearly phased out. Stories focus on the upper-crust Quartermaines, led by Skye Quartermaine, her brothers A.J. (Billy Warlock) and Jason (Steve Burton), father Alan (Stuart Damon), stepmother Monica (Leslie Charleson), and grandparents Edward (John Ingle) and Lila (Anna Lee). Other stories involve mob boss Michael "Sonny" Corinthos (Maurice Bernard), his wife Carly (Laura Wright), and one-time girlfriend Brenda (Vanessa Marcil). Matthew Callahan The General Hospital of today centers on Kelly's Diner, Michael "Sonny" Corinthos' (Maurice Bernard's) penthouse, the Quartermaine house, and sometimes the hospital. Once a show based around the hospital and its employees, it is now centered on the mob. Maurice Bernard headlines the show about some of the residents of the fictitious town of Port Charles, New York. Stories focus on Sonny and how his life affects the people around him, mainly his wife Carly (Laura Wright), his main hit man and best friend Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) (formally Quartermaine) and Sonny's recently acquired twenty-one-year-old sister Courtney (Alicia Leigh Willis). Other story lines that may be featured will focus on the quirky Quartermaines, which include Skye (Robin Christopher), A.J. (Billy Warlock), Ned (Wally Kurth), Edward (John Ingle), and Emily (Natalia Livingston). Promising story lines on the show at the moment are the stories of Elizabeth Webber (Rebecca Herbst) and Richard "Ric" Lansing (Rick Hearst) and the current teen story line. Mickey It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Poisoning Paradise (2017)211) Produced by Pierce Brosnan and his wife Keely Brosnan. Discover what's at stake for Hawaii from local activists, scientific experts, and healthcare professionals as they expose the effects of pesticide use and the environmental injustice on a local population. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Journey to the seemingly idyllic world of Native Hawaiians, where communities are surrounded by experimental test sites and pesticides sprayed upwind of their neighborhoods. Poisoning Paradise details the ongoing struggle to advance bold new legislation governing the fate of their island home. In an attempt to diversify an economy that was overly reliant on tourism, policymakers in both Hawaii and Washington, D.C. encouraged the world's largest bio-tech companies to utilize Kauai's favorable climate and fertile soil to test genetically engineered seeds and crops. Corporations including Syngenta, Pioneer DuPont, BASF, and Dow Agrosciences have since applied hundreds of tons of Restricted Use (RU) pesticides on thousands of acres across the Garden Island's West Side, the traditional homeland of an indigenous and disenfranchised population. Interviews with local residents, scientists, and healthcare professionals reveal the hardships and ecological dangers of intensive and continuous pesticide applications and the environmental injustice thrust upon people living in one of the most sacred, biologically unique and diverse locations on earth. Award-winning investigative journalist Paul Kolberstein describes Kauai as "one of the most toxic agricultural environments in all of American agriculture." As champions of a grassroots movement to make Kauai County Bill 2491 law, local activists battle political corruption, corporate bullying, and systematic concealment by the agrichemical industry. Although Kauai's plight might seem like a local issue, this debate is in fact raging around the world as country after country is becoming concerned about pesticides, the future of food, and sustainable farming practices. 
 Norman's Corner (1987 TV Movie)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 