nm0001401:

 Changeling (2008)541) Grief-stricken mother Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) takes on the L.A.P.D. to her own detriment when it tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child. Los Angeles, 1928. Single mother Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) returns from work to find her nine-year-old son Walter (Gattlin Griffith) gone. She calls the L.A.P.D. to initiate a search. Five months later, a boy is found in Illinois who fits the description, and he says he's her son. To fanfare and photos, the L.A.P.D. reunite mother and son, but she insists he's not her boy. The cops dismiss her as either a liar or hysterical. When she joins a minister in his public criticism of the Police, they in turn use government power to silence and intimidate her. Meanwhile, a cop goes to a dilapidated ranch to find a Canadian lad who's without legal status; the youth tells a grisly tale. There's redress for murder; is there redress for abuse of power? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Single parent Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) is a supervisor at the local telephone exchange, who, having returned home late from having to work overtime on a Saturday, finds her nine-year-old son Walter (Gattlin Griffith) is missing from their home. As the days and weeks go by, the Collins case becomes the object of a campaign by Pastor Gustav Briegleb (John Malkovich), who rails against the incompetence and corruption of the Los Angeles Police Department. Soon, the Police arrives with the news that they have found her boy, but when the lad is turned over to her, she realizes that the Police have returned a stranger to her in an attempt to bring an end to the public complaints about their handling of her case. Her attempts to get justice bring her into conflict with the L.A.P.D., who will go to any length to protect their reputation. When she continues to complain, she finds herself arrested and confined to the mental ward. garykmcd In March, 1928 in Los Angeles, California, Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) lives with her beloved son Walter (Gattlin Griffith) in Lincoln Heights. When she is assigned to work overtime on Saturday at Pacific Telephone and Telegraph as supervisor, she promises Walter she will return at 4 p.m. to watch the latest Charlie Chaplin movie at the movie theater with him. However, she arrives home late and does not find her son. After seeking out the boy in the neighborhood, she reports the missing child to the Police, but the Police Officer tells her that she should wait twenty-four hours to register the complaint. Five months later, Captain J.J. Jones (Jeffrey Donovan) communicates to Mrs. Collins that her son had been found in DeKalb, Illinois, and is heading back home by train to be reunited with her. In the train station, Christine does not recognize the boy as being Walter, but Captain Jones advises her that his appearance has changed during the five months. Soon, she confirms that the boy is not her son, but the corrupt L.A.P.D. does not accept her arguments. When Mrs. Collins is approached by St. Paul Presbyterian Church Pastor Gustav Briegleb (John Malkovich), who daily broadcasts protests exposing corruption in the Police force, she decides to disclose to the press the evidence she has about the changeling. However, the abusive Captain Jones sends Christine to an asylum to intimidate her. Meanwhile, the efficient Detective Lester Ybarra (Michael Kelly) is assigned to arrest and deport an illegal Canadian boy who was hidden on a ranch in Wineville. He captures the boy, who discloses hideous crimes committed by his compatriot Gordon Stewart Northcott (Jason Butler Harner). Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On March 9, 1928, Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) wakes her son Walter (Gattlin Griffith). After measuring his height against the wall gets him ready for the school day (joking around with him the whole way). She drops him off at school and goes to her job as a supervising phone operator at a Los Angeles telephone company. At the end of the day she picks Walter up at school on a cable car and he tells her that he got in a fight when another student said that Walter's father hated him. Christine corrects him by saying his father didn't even know him, so how could he hate him. Christine then explains that Walter's father was merely frightened of the responsibility that came with Walter and took off before he would have to deal with it, and Walter smiles and accepts this explanation. The next day Christine gets a phone call early saying that she has to come in since one of the other girls was sick. Eventually she agrees, disappointing Walter with the news that they have to go to the movies tomorrow, to which he sighs but nods. She tells him that there's a sandwich for him in the fridge and reminds him that a couple neighborhood girls will be by later to check on him, and she then heads out. At the phone company, Christine is getting ready to leave when her boss Ben Harris (Frank Wood) stops her. He notes that she's done a great job as a supervisor and says that there may be an opening for a full-time assistant manager. She thanks him for the opportunity and they agree to discuss it over dinner the next night (although he obviously wants it to be more date and less business). Floating on cloud nine, Christine goes home and finds Walter missing. She searches the whole neighborhood and asks other children, but no one has seen him. Finally she calls the police, but is told by the man who answers, Detective Lester Ybarra (Michael Kelly) that most missing children turn up by morning and she shouldn't worry, he's probably just somewhere in the neighborhood and lost track of time, and that she's saying nothing that other mother's who've called haven't said. He offers to take her address, but she hangs up. The next morning, a police car comes and two cops take down her information and info on what Walter looks like, including taking a picture of him. During the next few weeks, we see the investigation in various stages, led by captain J.J. Jones (Jeffrey Donovan), the head of the missing persons department. While they are conducting their investigation, Christine is doing her own investigation, calling various cities as far away as Las Vegas on a regular basis and seeing if any children fitting Walter's description have been found. At the same time, we see radio preacher Rev. Gustav Briegleb (John Malkovich) praying for Christine and for the safe return of Walter with his congregation (despite the fact that neither she nor Walter are members of his parish) while at the same time lambasting the corrupt and lazy police force. After five months of this, though, they are no closer to finding Walter than when they started. Meanwhile, in a town in Illinois called Dekalb, we see a man and his son (Devon Conti) at a hole-in-the-wall diner. The man reaches for his wallet to pay but realizes he forgot it at home. The owner gets pissed but decides to give the man twenty minutes to get to his house, pick up his wallet, and return to pay (with his son left as collateral). After two hours of waiting, though, the owner, now both angry and worried for the kid, decides to call the cops. Back in Los Angeles, we see Christine moving listlessly through her job when Jones and Lester show up with some good news for her -- they have found Walter. After a big celebration at the company, Jones and Lester, along with Chief of Police James E. Davis (Colm Feore) escort Christine to the train station where in the midst of a big media circus she is reunited with....the boy from the diner. She states that that is not her son, and Jones explains how five months in captivity can both change how a person is remembered and how he or she looks in real life. Jones then asks the boy who he is and his address, and the boy gives the correct answers, but in a tone of voice that makes them sound like lines memorized for a play. Despite this, Christine eventually states that Jones may be right and after posing for a photo with "Walter" for the newspapers takes him back home. That night, Christine and the boy are having dinner and she begins noticing things. First, the boy doesn't use manners, something Walter had been studious about. Second, and even more glaring, she notices as she is toweling him off after a bath that he is circumcised. Her eyes narrow and she drags the boy to where she had measured Walter back in March, only to find that this child is three inches shorter than Walter at the same time. This prompts her to visit Jones, who assures her again that they found the right boy -- almost demanding it, actually -- but he agrees to send a doctor over to verify. The next day, Dr. Earl W. Tarr (Peter Gerety) arrives for the examination, but he barely does more than check for a sore throat before giving Christine the same spiel Jones gave her, only now including such tidbits as the fact that the spine can shrink in stressful times and that the kidnappers may have circumcised the boy themselves. She still refuses to believe this, though. That night, the boy is going to bed in Walter's room when he makes the mistake of saying "Good night, mommy", which causes Christine to fly into a rage, flinging a plate against the wall near his head and screaming that she wants her son back. Later, after the boy is asleep, she goes into Walter's room and apologizes to the boy for yelling but again asserts that they are not related. The next morning, Christine is woken by a phone call from none other than Gustav, who tells her to read the front page of the times and then stop by his church for breakfast. Sure enough, the days article is about her denying that the boy is her son despite the best efforts of the valiant officers and indisputable evidence that the boy is her son and how the police fear for the child's blah-blah-blah. Gustav then tells Christine the story of how Davis became chief and his first action was to give the biggest, toughest cops machine guns and then let them kill all the criminals they could -- not to eliminate crime, but to eliminate the competition. He then warns her of what she may be getting herself into, but notes that if she pulls this off, she could be the last woman to have the wrong child returned. We then see Christine at Walter's dentist, who notes that Walter had a piece of muscle preventing the gap between his teeth from closing, which this boy does not have -- his teeth are even, something which he is eager to put in writing for her. The case is the same with school, where Walter's teacher is not remembered by the boy despite her teaching Walter for over a year and when "Walter" is unable to find his assigned desk, giving the teacher ample cause of her own to put her belief that this is not Walter Collins in writing, along with a promise to testify in court. Soon, we see Christine on the steps of a courthouse telling reporters that the police were wrong and she has proof of it. Naturally, this angers Chief Davis to no end and he orders Jones to take care of it. Jones has Christine and the boy brought in and after a heated "conference" wherein he calls her either delusional or a liar (or a pathological liar), he asks her one more time if that boy is her son. When she says no, he nods to two people and they take her away to an insane asylum where after being subjected to a very crude and harsh entrance examination series she is to be held for her own safety and the safety of the boy until such time as she can demonstrate that she is sane and capable of taking care of herself and the child. Meanwhile, in Wineville (modern-day Mira Loma), near Riverside, we see Lester investigating a missing child report regarding a kid from Canada. He pulls over at one point to ask a stranded motorist for directions to the Northcott Ranch. The motorist, who just happens to be Gordon Northcott (Jason Butler Harner), the owner, pales a little and happily gives him the directions. Lester thanks Northcott and heads on his way to the seemingly deserted homestead. After poking around some he finds his quarry, one Sanford Clark (Eddie Alderson), and informs him that he's going back home to Canada as at the same time we see Northcott in a train station, trying to buy a one way train ticket to Canada, although the best he can do is get a ticket to Seattle where he would then have to either hitch, rent a car, or walk across the border. Back with Christine (who has missed her appointment to appear on Gustav's show, much to his disappointment), we see her having her first breakfast in the asylum. She meets a woman named Carol (Amy Ryan) who is both sane and aware of her situation. Like Christine, Carol and a number of other women there were all brought in under a "Code 12" designation, which, while loosely defined, essentially means that they pissed off a police officer in some way, with Carol's reason being that she was someone who "worked" nights (to which Christine blushes) when a customer got a little rough, but when she filed a complaint, she found out that the customer was a cop. The available options, according to Carol, are to either keep your mouth shut and go home; behave by the asylum's rules and stay in one piece, but on the inside; or fight the system and end up with repetitive shock treatments. After breakfast, Christine has her first appointment with the head doctor, Dr. Johnathan Steele (Denis O'Hare). Christine tries to behave like she needs to to get out, but his dismissive treatment of her and accusations of lying/craziness, coupled with the photographic evidence of her posing with the boy in a front page article about mother and son being reunited, eventually cause her to start stuttering and trying to explain which only ends up making her look more insane, much to her dismay. Meanwhile, we see Sanford in a waiting room somewhere with other kids, one of whom keeps banging a ruler up and down, causing Sanford to see a man with an axe hitting something and covering himself with blood every time the ruler comes down. After a while, he is brought in to see Lester and Lester asks why Sanford wanted to see him again. Sanford then tells Lester the story of how he had intended to only stay with his cousin at his ranch for a little while, but was eventually forced to stay there. Lester lights a cigarette and starts asking what that has to do with it, and Sanford tells them of something they would do. Every now and then, they would go driving in the city and pick up a boy who was alone by saying that his parents were in the hospital and they needed him to come with them now. According to Sanford, if just an adult asked, the kid would automatically refuse to get in, since they wouldn't take a ride from strangers. However, if they saw that there was already a kid in the car -- a kid like Sanford, for instance -- then it must be okay to get in. After they had the boy, they would take him back to the ranch and lock him up inside the chicken coop on the grounds, sometimes with as many as four or five others. Once things started to get crowded, Northcott would take some of the boys and hack them to death with an axe....except sometimes, he wouldn't go all the way, and he would force Sanford to finish. In either case, Sanford would then have to dig a grave and bury the bodies on the grounds. By the end of this story, Sanford is in tears and Lester is in shock, with his cigarette having burnt all the way down without having been smoked. Pulling himself together, Lester asks if Sanford would remember the faces of those boys and Sanford nods yes. Lester pulls out a stack of pictures of missing boys and Sanford starts going through them. He puts the ones he recognizes face up on the table in front of him, eventually creating a pile of ten or fifteen pictures, with only a few rejects. Lester starts going through the recognized pile, looking at the names on the back. He pulls out one and asks Sanford if he's sure, and Sanford nods. Lester whispers, "Jesus Christ," and puts the picture, which is labeled "Walter Collins -- Age 9" on the table. He heads out of the room, grabs two other cops, and after grabbing Sanford and telling the cops he'll explain on the way, heads out. The next day, Christine is having another "talk" with Steele and, after noting that she is having to be force fed her medication, informs her that if she is willing to sign a contract saying that she was wrong and the police found the right boy, then she could go home first thing tomorrow morning. She refuses and grows angry, causing the doctor to yell for an orderly, who drags Christine out of the room kicking and screaming. Carol, who is near all this, comes to Chrstine's defense by fighting with several of the nurses and orderlies and even going so far as to punch the good doctor. Naturally, this unruly conduct gets her some time in the shock treatment room. When Christine checks on her later, Carol admits that she's been pregnant twice and lost the baby twice. She tells Christine that the important thing is to keep fighting, and as for the doctors and orderlies...."Fuck them and the horse they rode in on." Christine laughs at this unladylike remark and Carol says that there's a place and time for being ladylike, and this is neither. Meanwhile, Lester and his crew (including Sanford) reach the ranch and after securing the site they grab a shovel and tell Sanford to show them where the bodies are buried. He takes them to a spot that may once have had a small coop but now holds just the base of it, the rest having perished in a fire. Lester tells Sanford to start digging, which he reluctantly does, eventually unearthing first a shoe with a skeletal foot, then a hand, then a pair of ribcages. As Lester's partners recoil in shock and/or disgust, Lester steps forward and tells Sanford to stop, which, after a brief struggle, he does, collapsing in the dirt and crying. Later, Jones is talking with Lester on the phone about Lester's discovery and the implications, especially those in the Collins case, when Gustav shows up with an army of lawyers demanding Christine. Jones quickly tells Lester to just get Sanford to the station and confronts Gustav. Fortunately (except for Jones), Gustav is able to get Christine's current location. The day after, we see Christine at roll call (where the inmates stand outside their doors to be counted). Steele asks Christine if she's ready to sign the contract and she says proudly, "Fuck you and the horse you rode in on." Steele orders immediate shock treatment and heads for his office just as Gustav is barging in with his army. As Gustav yells at the head nurse to bring Christine out, an order is given to nurses in the shock room to let Christine go and bring her to Steele's office. He tells her that she can leave, which she does without knowing quite why. As she departs, we see the headline on the paper he is holding -- "Bodies of missing children found at ranch -- Collins child believed dead" (not exactly it, but close enough). Christine walks outside and overhears a newsie shouting the headline and faints, but Gustav is suddenly there to catch her and take her home. Sometime later, we see the fake Walter being interviewed by Lester. He claims innocence, but Lester says that given the Collins boy's death, he could be charged with accessory to murder. The kid doesn't believe it, but when Lester mentions that Sanford is going to jail at only fifteen (probably not true), he starts talking. Meanwhile, in Vancouver, we see Northcott arriving home at his sister's house. She welcomes him and after saying hello she invites him to go upstairs and clean up. As soon as he does, though, they hoof it and call the mounties, who are soon arriving to arrest Northcott. Back in the states, Christine receives a visit from Gustav. He has brought a friend with him who he introduces as S.S. Hahn (Geoffrey Pierson). Gustav asks Caroline what her next step is and she brings up the idea of a civil case against the whole department. In turn, Gustav notes that he tracked down the only lawyer to go up against the city four times in civil cases and wins, but that he was much costlier than Gustav could afford. Christine nods sadly, at which point Hahn says that that's why he's doing this case pro bono. On top of that news and the subpoenas being filed against the department, including Jones and the chief, Christine and her new friends also manage to get all the women in the asylum that were placed there under Code 12 released -- including Carol, who shares a warm smile with Christine as she makes her way out. About two weeks after this all started, on October 4, 1928, we see Christine and company heading into the courthouse amidst a swarm of people all carrying signs insulting the integrity of the LAPD. Inside the court, we see representatives of all parties gathered except for the LAPD. A recess is called, to the committee heads displeasure, and Christine is taken to a separate courtroom where the trial of Northcott is being held and where he enters a plea of "Not guilty". In the audience, a woman taps Christine on the shoulder and identifies herself as Leanne Clay (Lily Knight), a mother of one of the boys Northcott killed, which gives the two women an instant connection. On the same day, we see the fake Walter -- really a boy named Arthur Hutchins -- being reunited with his real mother by a smiling Chief Davis, who wants the press to note that the LAPD does many good deeds despite the bad deeds undertaken by a minority of the department. Unfortunately for him, this line gets derailed once the boy pipes up that it was the police who told him to be Walter Collins, which has Davis all but shoving the boy onto the train just to get rid of him. At this point, clips from each trial are shown, with people such as the Chief, Walter's teacher, and Walter's dentist testifying. Most prominently shown is a clip of Captain Jones being interviewed wherein Hahn gets him to admit that he sent Christine to the mental hospital without warrant or cause. Eventually, the trials are concluded and verdicts are reached. For Northcott's case, it ends with him being found guilty, at which point he pauses to say that he hates everyone in the courtroom except for Christine, who he calls a real classy lady. He is sentenced to solitary confinement at San Quentin prison until October 2, 1930, at which point he will be hung from the neck until dead. In the civil trial, the decree is that Jones shall be permanently suspended (re: fired); Davis shall be demoted from his position as chief; and an internal review of the steps needed to allow someone to be committed shall be undertaken so that events such as those which allowed Christine and the other women to be committed so easily shall not happen again. Two years later, on September 30, 1930, we see Christine at work. She takes her ten-minute "break", which consists of calls to missing child departments, when she is interrupted by none other than Hahn, her old lawyer friend. He informs her that Northcott has requested that he see her so he can tell her face to face what really happened to Walter. She goes down the next day but once the two are together, Northcott clams up. He says that he has confessed to God and been forgiven by Him and claims again that he never killed Walter, who he had called an angel at the trial, and that he does not want to lie now, lest he go to Hell. Christine demands to know what happened and that he tell the truth, even going so far as to throw him against the window to get him to talk, but it has no effect. She stays for the hanging the next day. Northcott is calm and detached, making conversation with the reverend and saying he has no final statement. He loses control on the steps to the noose, though, and is carried up by two guards. A bag is placed over his head and the noose is fitted as straps are tightened around his body to ensure a minimum of struggling, lest the rope break and the whole thing be ruined. As the time approaches, Northcott strangely begins to sing "Silent Night". At the appointed time, the warden nods and the floor drops. Northcott jerks briefly, but after a minute is still. Years pass. We next see Christine on February 27, 1935. Her operator friends are holding an Oscar party at one of their houses, but Christine declines, saying that she has too much work. Ben pops his head in her office and also asks, but she declines.... although after a moment, she tells him that if "It Happened One Night" (her pick for best picture) wins best picture over his pick, "Cleopatra", then she'll have dinner with him tomorrow night. Sure enough, that is just what happens. As she grins in her office, the phone rings. She picks up expecting it to be Ben, but is instead surprised by Leanne Clay, who says that they found one of the missing boys. Christine runs to the Lincoln Heights precinct and meets with Leanne and her husband, who are watching in a viewing room as Leanne's son David (Asher Axe) is interviewed by Lester. David says that he was in there with four other boys -- two brothers named Winslow, a kid named Joseph...and Walter. One night, three of the boys staged an escape thanks to some loose fence on the coop. Joseph and Walter got out quickly, but David got stuck on the fence. As Walter runs back to get him loose, lights are turned on in the house and Northcott and Sanford realize that the kids are missing. Walter frees David and the two run for it as Northcott tried to give chase. They all went in separate directions, and David never saw either of the other boys again. Eventually he found a house where a woman took him in, and that's where he had been staying until coming forward. Lester asks why he waited, and David says that he was scared that he'd be blamed for some of the deaths or that he'd be in some kind of trouble, at which point his parents come in and engulf him in a huge family hug, which Lester almost breaks up before deciding to let them have their moment. He and Christine head outside and he consoles Christine, saying that what Walter did was incredibly brave. She agrees and he asks what she'll do now. She smiles at him and says that if David escaped and survived, then maybe that means that Walter and the other boys also did, and that maybe Walter is out there right now, alive but afraid to come forward, thinking that something might happen to him or to his mother. Whatever the case, she says, she now has something she didn't have before. Lester asks her what that is, and she looks him in the eye and says simply, "Hope." 
 Maleficent (2014)431) A vengeful fairy is driven to curse an infant princess, only to discover that the child may be the one person who can restore peace to their troubled land. A beautiful, pure-hearted young woman, Maleficent has an idyllic life growing up in a peaceable forest kingdom, until one day when an invading army threatens the harmony of the land. Maleficent rises to be the land's fiercest protector, but she ultimately suffers a ruthless betrayal - an act that begins to turn her pure heart to stone. Bent on revenge, Maleficent faces a battle with the invading king's successor and, as a result, places a curse upon his newborn infant Aurora. As the child grows, Maleficent realizes that Aurora holds the key to peace in the kingdom - and perhaps to Maleficent's true happiness as well. Walt Disney Pictures Reared in the enchanted forests of the Moors--the magical realm on the outskirts of a rival human kingdom--Maleficent, the magnificent winged fairy of pure heart, experiences for the first time the intoxicating effect of a youthful romance. But, soon, the frail age of innocence will come to an end--and as a despicable act of betrayal blemishes forever the young sprite's sensitive soul--an all-powerful dark Maleficent emerges; the mighty defender of the Moors. Now, bitterness, anger, and a rabid desire for retribution fill the void in Maleficent's heart--no one is safe from harm; especially the king's newborn daughter, Aurora, who must suffer for the sins of her father. Once, a cherished one used the healing force of noble feelings against Maleficent. Could now true love stop the Mistress of All Evil? Let us see what happens. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Long ago, two rival kingdoms sat side by side: The human kingdom, ruled by a power-hungry king, and the Moors, a peaceful place inhabited by many gentle supernatural creatures. One resident of the Moors is Maleficent (Isobelle Molloy), a young fairy girl with enormous wings, who acts as a guardian for the other magical beings. Young Maleficent is alerted by three small fairies, Knotgrass (Imelda Staunton), Flittle (Lesley Manville),and Thistlewit (Juno Temple), that a thief has been apprehended by the forest guards at the borderline of the Moors. The thief, a human boy called Stefan, returns the jewel he had taken and explains that he is an orphan with no real home. Maleficent forgives him and the two strike up a friendship that lasts for several years. On Maleficent's sixteenth birthday, Stefan gives her "true love's kiss," but then abandons her to pursue his thirst for power in the King's inner circle. When Maleficent is grown (now Angelina Jolie), she is the primary guardian of the Moors. King Henry (Kenneth Cranham) leads his army to conquer the Moors for the human world, but Maleficent victoriously counter-attacks with her band of magical creatures. King Henry is mortally wounded in the battle, and makes known his hatred for the winged woman who defends the Moors. Having only a daughter for an heir, King Henry promises her hand and the throne to whichever of his men brings proof of Maleficent's death. Stefan (now Sharlto Copley), despite his relationship with Maleficent, takes on the task in hopes of becoming the new king. Stefan returns to the Moors at night and reconnects with Maleficent, who is happy and not at all suspicious to see her friend again. After giving her a drink to put her into a sound sleep, Stefan prepares to stab her to death. Unable to bring himself to kill the woman he once loved, he crudely removes her wings as she slumbers and then departs. When Maleficent awakens, weak with the pain from her severed wings and realizing she had been betrayed, she swears revenge against Stefan. On his deathbed, King Henry accepts the wings as proof of Maleficent's demise and awards the crown and his daughter's hand to Stefan. Having lost her ability to fly, Maleficent frees a captured raven in a nearby field and gives him the power to transform into a man. She recruits this raven-man, Diaval (Sam Riley) to serve as her "wings" in exchange for having saved his life. She declares herself ruler of the Moors, infusing her surroundings with dark magic and pitting herself once and for all against Stefan, ruler of the human kingdom. While spying on Stefan's palace, Diaval overhears the royal staff speak of the baby girl just born to the King and Queen. He hurries to relay the news to Maleficent, who sees an opportunity for revenge. She attends the child's christening ceremony uninvited and bestows a curse on the princess: Before the sun sets on Princess Aurora's sixteenth birthday, she will prick her finger on the spindle of a spinning wheel and fall into an eternal death-like slumber. As an added insult to Stefan, Maleficent snidely remarks that the only possible restoration to life is "true love's kiss." Stefan begs Maleficent to reconsider, even falling to his knees at her request, but she is too happy at having avenged her mistreatment to show mercy. After leaving the court in chaos, Maleficent causes a massive wall of thick-thorned trees to surround the Moors and keep humans at bay. Stefan orders all spinning wheels in the kingdom to be destroyed, and sends his infant daughter to be raised by the three fairies in the forest in hopes of avoiding the curse. Knotgrass, Flittle, and Thistlewit are easily distracted and have difficulty supervising Aurora as she grows, but the princess is kept safe by Maleficent's curse, which rules that she must stay alive until her sixteenth birthday. Maleficent and Diaval keep a semi-distant watch over Aurora throughout her childhood, coming in contact a few times but never revealing her identity. Aurora grows into a pretty teenager (Elle Fanning), with no inkling of her royal roots or Maleficent's curse. As Aurora's sixteenth birthday nears, Stefan falls deeper into paranoia. The Queen is dying, and he knows Maleficent will return on the day the curse is set to culminate. He keeps her severed wings in a glass cabinet in an isolated wing of the palace. He becomes more and more detached from reality, having long rambling "conversations" with the wings and is deaf to any subject other than Maleficent. He sends his men to hunt her down before Aurora's birthday. Maleficent begins to admit that her hatred for Stefan does not extend to Aurora. Emerging from the blind rage she felt when the princess was a baby, Maleficent now sees that Aurora is a good, innocent person undeserving of such a harsh fate. Feeling guilty, she puts a temporary sleeping spell on the girl and transports her into the Moors. When Aurora wakes, she is enchanted by the beautiful fairy kingdom and shows no fear when Maleficent makes her presence known. Aurora happily explains that she recognizes Maleficent from several incidents in her childhood and believes Maleficent is her fairy godmother. Without explaining the truth, Maleficent spends the evening getting to know the victim of her own curse. After returning Aurora to her cottage home to sleep, Maleficent attempts to retract the curse, but she had made it too powerful to be undone. Diaval reminds her that true love's kiss can still break the spell, but Maleficent admits she added it as a false hope because she believed it did not exist. On the eve of Aurora's fateful birthday, Maleficent speaks with her about an evil that she is unable to protect her from. Aurora remains optimistic, and announces her wish to live in the Moors with her "fairy godmother." While preparing to break the news to her "aunties" (the three fairies who raised her), Aurora encounters Prince Phillip (Brenton Thwaites), who asks her for directions, though both are awkwardly stunned by their mutual attraction. After their brief meeting, Aurora delivers her news to the fairies, who, in their shock, let slip Aurora's true parentage and the details of Maleficent's curse. Horrified, Aurora rushes to the Moors to confront Maleficent, who sadly admits the truth. Aurora, now frightened and untrusting, returns to the human kingdom. That night, Princess Aurora is finally returned to her father. They share a brief emotional reunion before Stefan orders his daughter locked away for her own protection. Back in the Moors, Maleficent prepares a last-ditch attempt to stop the curse. She and Diaval journey toward the palace and encounter Prince Phillip, who remembers meeting Aurora and is recruited to provide "true love's kiss" to save her. Maleficent casts a sleeping charm on the rather confused prince, and whisks him away through the forest, hoping to get to Aurora before the curse unfolds. As Aurora's birthday progresses and night begins to fall, she feels a strange sensation in her finger and hears a eerie voice calling her name. In a trance=like state, Aurora follows the disembodied voice through the palace until she discovers a hidden room containing piles of broken and burnt spinning wheels. She approaches a sharp spindle and touches it, drawing blood. A moment later, she sinks to the floor in a deep sleep. Aurora is carried back to her chambers and laid on the bed. Stefan is enraged, blaming the three fairies for failing to protect his daughter. Maleficent and Diaval manage to infiltrate the palace with the unconscious Prince Phillip, who is woken at the door of Aurora's bedroom. The three fairies, guarding the sleeping princess, encourage Phillip to try and wake Aurora with true love's kiss, but since the two are not yet in love, the effort fails. Heartbroken, Maleficent approaches Aurora's bed and apologizes for her actions, promising to protect her as she sleeps. Maleficent kisses Aurora on the forehead and is both shocked and elated to find that the spell had been broken through the power of her own maternal love for the princess. Aurora realizes how much Maleficent cares for her, and begins to trust her again. A guard reports to Stefan that Maleficent was spotted in the castle. The royal guards ambush her and attack when she leaves Aurora's room. Maleficent orders Aurora to run to safety before transforming Diaval into an enormous dragon and beginning her showdown against Stefan. While searching for something to aid Maleficent, Aurora discovers the severed wings in the glass cupboard. The wings, sensing the presence of their mistress, being to flap violently until Aurora frees them. The wings fly to Maleficent and re-attach themselves to her moments before Stefan delivers a fatal blow. Maleficent rises above her attackers, but Stefan loops a chain around her leg and clings to it as she pulls him out a window and onto one of the palace towers. Maleficent attempts to end the fight without any fatalities, but Stefan attacks her once more, sending them both plummeting off the tower. Maleficent takes flight and Stefan falls to his death, a victim of his own unrelenting desire for power and revenge. Maleficent soon undoes the dark magic in the Moors, restoring its former light and beauty. The Moors and the human kingdom are now united, and Aurora is crowned Queen of both kingdoms. Prince Phillip and Aurora continue their romance, and Maleficent, now free from the chains of her vengeful thoughts, lives happily among the peaceful creatures of the Moors, and flies happily through the skies with Diaval. 
 Salt (2010)651) A CIA agent goes on the run after a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy. Evelyn Salt is a CIA agent and highly respected by all, including her boss, Ted Winter. Out of the blue, a Russian spy walks into their offices and offers a vital piece of information: the President of Russia will be assassinated during his forthcoming visit to New York City to attend the funeral of the recently deceased U.S. Vice President. The name of the assassin: Evelyn Salt. Concerned about the safety of her husband, who she cannot contact, she goes on the run. Winter refuses to accept that she is a mole or a double agent but her actions begin to raise doubts. Just who is Evelyn Salt and what is she planning? garykmcd A Russian calling himself Orlov and claiming to be FSB walks into undercover CIA offices in Washington DC wanting to defect. He says that he has information on a Russian sleeper cell, whose members were trained since they were children. Their mission is to infiltrate the American system by being one of them, ultimately with the goal of bringing down the United States starting on a specified day - code "Day X" - which will begin with the assassination of the current Russian President in New York City at the upcoming funeral of the American Vice-President. The CIA interrogator deems Orlov a crackpot until he names the agent tasked with killing the Russian president: Evelyn Salt. The importance of this last piece of information is that Evelyn Salt is the CIA operative currently in the room with him as his CIA interrogator, her name which he does and should not know in the current context. Darryl Peabody with CIA counter-intelligence, who is monitoring the interrogation, feels he needs to question Evelyn before she leaves the building as a matter of proper protocol. Evelyn, denying all accusations, decides instead to make a run for it, she states all in an effort to save her husband, German arachnologist Mike Krause, who she believes has been targeted as part of the Russian plot against her. Beyond love, her devotion to Mike is largely because he, before knowing of her work as a CIA agent, helped negotiate her release from North Korean captivity two years earlier when she was in special ops in the field, that captivity which included torture. The longer Evelyn is on the run, the more she looks guilty to the American authorities pursuing her. Although helping Peabody and his team try to capture Evelyn, Ted Winter, her CIA colleague, is the only person seemingly who believes she is innocent of the accusations. There may be others in the Russian cell in positions of American authority who may be part of the plot if Orlov's story in the general sense is to be believed, they who may be trying to help or stop Evelyn, depending if she is truly part of the cell. Huggo As a CIA officer, Evelyn Salt swore an oath to duty, honor and country. Her loyalty will be tested when a defector accuses her of being a Russian spy. Salt goes on the run, using all her skills and years of experience as a covert operative to elude capture. Salt's efforts to prove her innocence only serve to cast doubt on her motives, as the hunt to uncover the truth behind her identity continues and the question remains: "Who is Salt?" Sony Pictures Two years ago, the CIA field agent Evelyn Salt is captured in North Korea and tortured. Her beloved husband and entomologist Mike Krause presses the US Government to make a swap and bring Salt back home. On the present days, the highly efficient Salt performs administrative work with her boss Ted Winter. When a Russian defector turns himself in to CIA, Salt is assigned to interrogate him. Out of the blue, the man accuses Salt of being a Russian agent in charge of killing the President of Russia during his visit to New York to attend the funeral of the American Vice-President. Salt claims that she is innocent and asks Ted to call her husband, but she is not successful in her attempt. Salt asks Ted to give protection to her husband but she decides to flee to seek out Mike. Ted does not believe she is a Russian spy but the Secret Agent Peabody orders his agents to capture Salt dead or alive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2003 Evelyn Salt (Angelia Jolie) is tortured by North Korean soldiers who accuse her of espionage. She is soon traded for a North Korean prisoner and escorted to safety by her boss Ted Winter (Liev Schreiber). While walking towards the border, she asks why she was set free, and it is explained that her boyfriend Mike (seen staring at her from the other side of the border) was petitioning everyone in the government for her to be set free. Thus, in order for them to stop him from stirring up more unneeded publicity, they agreed to make an exchange. In the present day, Salt is watching her now husband Mike working at the breakfast table with spiders (he is an arachnologist, meaning he studies spiders for a living). After he notices her standing there, he says happy anniversary. She offers to cook him breakfast, but he passes, mocking her cooking. The scene then cuts to her at work, learning online how to fold a napkin into a certain pattern so that the anniversary dinner she has planned is perfect. Winter interrupts, they chat for a while and then get ready to head out as its close to the end of the workday. As they are leaving, another agent chases them and finally tells them that a defector has come in and wishes to give them information. Wanting to see if the Russian has any useful information, Salt and Winter head back upstairs. Neural scans are set up in order to determine if the defector is lying, and Salt enters the room and begins the interview. The defector begins by saying that his name is Orlov and proceeds by telling her a story about a Russian espionage program set up during the Cold War in which children of American families were kidnapped then replaced with Russian children that had been trained to be sleeper cell spies by a Russian official in hopes of restoring Russia's dominance one day. These agents are called K-12s and are supposedly a myth. They would assume the child's identity until Day X, the undisclosed date of action in which they would strike. Day X is apparently coming, and its events will apparently begin with the murder of the Russian President at the U.S. Vice President's funeral the next day in Manhattan and will finish with the U.S. President's assassination a day later. Winter tells her to wrap up the interview, as they do not believe him. As she is leaving, he explains that the agent that will murder the President is Evelyn Salt. Salt leaves the room and is visibly upset. As she walks into the viewing room where her colleagues are, it is determined by the neural scan that he was being truthful throughout the interview. She begins speaking to the Counter Intelligence officer named Peabody and Winter, claiming her innocence. Winter is believing her and begins speaking to Peabody about how to proceed. Orlov is escorted out by two agents and goes into an elevator with them. Salt is given her phone in order to contact Mike as, when the cover of an agent is blown, often their whole fake life is in danger. She is told to wait in the interrogation room while they attempt to figure out how to proceed. As she watches Winter and Peabody argue, she realizes that she is in danger. Cut to Orlov in the elevator. A blade comes out of his shoe, and he proceeds to kill both guards with him and escape. Winters and Peabody are alerted to Orlov's escape, giving Salt the opportunity to escape the room and attempt to get out of the building. As the security of the building begins to tighten, she finds herself cornered in the interrogation room again where she rigs up an explosive device to fire at the SWAT team. She fires it, knocking them unconscious and is able to steal a gun in the process. She then uses the gun to break a window and proceeds to climb onto the roof then onto the street. She gets into a taxi, attempts to call Mike again and hangs up after again getting their apartment's voicemail. She breaks her SIM card and then gets out of the taxi cab at her apartment building. As she walks in, she notices Mike's chair has been knocked over and how his sandwich is half eaten. There has obviously been a struggle, and he has been kidnapped. As Salt packs her bag and takes some of Mike's spiders, Winters and Peabody are assembling a SWAT team to go to her apartment to see if she is there. They arrive just as she is climbing out of her window. She narrowly escapes and climbs into a neighbor's apartment. As she speaks to the child in the apartment and changes her clothes, she flashes back again to her husband and parts of their lives together. She escapes and while walking away from the building, is spotted by Winter. Another chase ensues, and Salt is cornered when she then jumps onto a semi truck passing under the overpass that she is on. The agents follow her and shoot as she jumps from one truck to another then finally lands on the ground. She then steals a motorcycle and manages to outmanoeuvre them and escape. At this point, Salt heads to a bar. While in the bathroom, she steals the coat and ID of a fellow patron, takes a bus to New York City. Upon arrival, Salt uses the stolen ID to rent a small hotel room. There, she dyes her hair and steals clothes. She then begins to plan out how to get into the cathedral and prints a subway map. At this point, another flashback shows us that Evelyn Salt is indeed a Russian implant spy. She was born and grew up in Russia and was taken in at a young age with a group of other young boys to become sleeper spies as part of the K-12 group. They were tought to speak English at a young age as well as learn the society and ways, customs and laws of the USA. The next day, she boards a subway train and plants a smoke device. While everyone is distracted, she gets off the train and into the tunnels beneath the cathedral. As she gets into position in the crypt, the funeral begins taking place in the church. As the Russian President gets up to deliver a speech, Salt throws an explosive device onto the roof (which is directly under where the president is standing) and the floor crumbles below him, causing him to fall into the crypt beside her. Panic ensues and she presumably shoots the Russian president. Peabody comes in, and she surrenders despite having the opportunity to shoot him. As she is taken away, Winter screams that he hopes she rots in jail for what she has done. She is put into an SUV and is transported in a caravan through the city. She then manages to eject both of her guards from the car and stun the driver, causing him to wreck the police cars ahead of and behind them. To escape, the other police now swarming around her, she drives the SUV over the guardrail and into the street below, wrecking the car. As the public come to see if everyone inside is all right, Salt escapes. The news is, at this point, covering the death of the Russian President and the riots that are now happening across Moscow. Salt is then seen on a ferry boat and heads to a scrap metal yard. There, she meets with Orlov and embraces him. It is revealed that he is the man who took her in and trained her to become a Russian spy. She is then taken to a ship in the Hudson that serves as the Russian spies' home base. There, she is told that the next step of their plan is to seize nuclear weapons and begin a large-scale war between Russia and the USA to destroy the world. After being taken into the hull of the ship, she sees Mike being held hostage. To see whether or not she is loyal, Orlov shoots him dead and watches her reaction. When she fails to react, he introduces her to her fellow brother spies and then escorts her into his office to divulge more details about the plan. Once hearing that she is to meet with a spy disguised as a NATO officer the next morning and travel with him to Washington, DC, Salt pours them both a drink and then she suddenly smashes the wine bottle and rams it into Orlov's neck. Salt then uses a grenade to kill all of the Russian sleeper agents on the boat. Afterwords, Salt leaves the boat and goes to the rendezvous point to meet with her contact NATO officer. After he arrives and boards the plane, she recognizes him as one of her fellow classmates and flashes back to more of her spy training as a child in the former USSR. They talk about their lives and their childhood. It is revealed that Salt was the best in her class and how she will finish first in this plan as well. He reveals that the plan will be to kill the US President while he is in his security bunker at the White House. Upon their arrival in Washington, he gives her a new ID and is disguised as a fellow NATO officer. After getting into the White House, he reveals that he is going to sacrifice himself by threatening the President by blowing himself up as a suicide bomber so that he will flee to the bunker where Salt is to kill him. Winter is among the group of men around the President and fleeing with him to the bunker. As they all get into the elevator to head down to the bunker, Salt is above them, jumping from floor to floor in the elevator shaft framework. Once on the bunker's level, she proceeds to disable the guards outside and pass safely into the bunker before the door is securely closed. In the bunker, the President is raising the terror alert in the country to Def-CON 2 as Russia is apparently deploying their nuclear weapons in retaliation for what they see as an act of war (the killing of their President by a CIA agent). After the level is raised and the president is given full authority to launch the US missiles, Winter sees Salt approaching on CCTV and demands that the agents arm themselves. Suddenly, he grabs a gun kills all those in the room. Finally, it is just him and the President. (In this out-of-the-blue twist, Ted Winter is another Russian spy just like Evelyn Salt.) After telling the President to activate strategic nuclear deployment strategies and being denied, he hits the President and knocks him unconscious. Salt has witnessed all of this. She approaches the bulletproof window and beckons Winter to use the President's hand to reauthorize and activate the strategic strike on Mecca and Tehran. She begins speaking to him through the glass, appealing to him by asking why he never told her that he too was a spy. She begs him to let her join him and finally he relents. As Winter is turning to go to the door to let her in, the news flashes on the television, saying that the Russian President is not dead as previously thought and had merely been given a paralytic. Realizing that Salt used venom from Mike's spiders so that it appeared that she had killed him, Winter says that he didn't trust her after she came back from North Korea. He knew from the start that she had fallen for Mike and was not the same person that she had been. That was why Ted Winter told Orlov to kidnap and kill Mike, as well as why she was being made into the patsy and why Winter would be seen as the hero. Salt is enraged at this point and attempts to fire her gun through the glass. When this fails, she sees the access box next to the door on the other side of the room. She goes to it on the other side, firing her gun at it until the wall behind it is exposed. She then rewires the box so that she can get into the bunker conference room. In the room, Salt and Winters fight. The activation of the weapons is almost complete, but at the last minute, the secret service arrives and overpowers them. Instead of giving herself up, Salt jumps to pull the plug on the computer, cancelling the weapon strike activation and is shot in the process. Both she and Winter are escorted out, and as she is wearing a vest, Salt is unharmed. As she is being led up from the bunker as a prisoner, she sees Winter getting his wounds treated next to the stairs. She jumps toward him, wrapping her handcuffs around his neck and jumping over the balcony to strangle him. By the time she is pulled up, he is dead after neck has been broken and she is handed over to Peabody. They board a helicopter, and he asks her why she killed Winter. Her reply is "someone had to". She then explains her side of the story, and Peabody begins to believe her but points out that no one else will. She says that there are more Russian sleeper spies out there that will stop at nothing to interfere. She convinces him to let her go as they have taken everything from her and she will stop at nothing until all of the spies of K-12 are dead. He then undoes her cuffs and she jumps from the chopper, escaping into the Potomac River. (Director's Cut) As she reaches land and is running away, a news report voice-over states that the new President, Stevens paused to lay flowers for a plane crash in 1974 killing his parents and sister, while in a tour of Russia. 
 Girl, Interrupted (1999)431) Based on writer Susanna Kaysen's account of her 18-month stay at a mental hospital in the late 1960s. In 1967, Susanna Kaysen had a headache and chased a bottle of aspirin with a bottle of vodka. This landed her in the mental institution, Claymoore. Here she is diagnosed, by Dr. Melvin Potts, with borderline personality disorder. When she arrives at Claymoore, she is greeted by Nurse Valerie Owens and shown round the woman's ward. Here she meets Georgina Tuskin, a pathological liar who is fixated with The Wizard of Oz; Polly Clark, a childlike schizophrenic; Janet Webber, a sardonic anorexic patient; Daisy Randone, a girl who won't let anyone in her room, and only eats her father's chicken; and Lisa Rowe, a sociopath who controls the other patients, and makes lives hard for the nurses at Claymoore. Through the movie, Lisa gains and loses control over Susanna and we see how bad she really can be. The movie's ending shows Susanna being released from Claymoore after an 18-month stay. How does Susanna take back her control? This movie battles subjects such as mental heath, abuse, self-harm and suicide. In 1967, Susanna Kaysen is depressed and directionless after finishing high school. Afterwards, she discusses this with a psychiatrist. She had been having some delusions. She had also been having an affair with the husband of her parents' friend. The doctor suggests that combining a bottle of aspirin and a bottle of vodka was a suicide attempt. This she denies. He recommends a short period of rest at Claymoore. Claymoore is a private mental hospital full of noisy, crazy people. Georgina Tuskin is a pathological liar and Susanna's roommate. Polly Clark has been badly scarred by fire. Daisy Randone self-harms and won't eat in the presence of other people. Lisa Rowe is a sociopath, the biggest exasperation for the staff - like Nurse Valerie Owens - and the biggest influence on the other girls in the hospital. Lisa has a history of escapes, so gaining access to personal medical files is not a problem - Susanna's boyfriend Tobias Jacobs is concerned that she seems too comfortable living with her institutionalized friends. David Woodfield Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Susanna Kaysen is a young woman of eighteen, and her life isn't exactly what a normal eighteen-year-old's life is suppose to be like. To her, any kind of sex is casual, and it doesn't matter who she does it with or when, as long as she gets it. At graduation, she falls asleep, proving she has little interest for the norms of prize-givings or anything to do with what's accepted by society. At her father's birthday party, she is under dressed and is of course moaned at by her hypocritical mother. Here we learn that her parent's friends are just as false as what is accepted by everyone. And then it becomes clear that Susanna has been sleeping with her mother's friend's husband. This drives her to try to commit suicide with aspirin and a bottle of vodka to get it all down. At the ER, she claims that she doesn't have bones in her wrists anymore, and tells the psychiatrist at home that the bones grew back by the time she got to the hospital. So she is shipped off to Claymoore, a local mental institution and put in the ward for women only. Here she meets a multitude of people who really do have problems: a sardonic anorexic, a girl who burned herself as a child, a lesbian (at the time was thought of as a mental disorder), a bulimic, and her roommate, a compulsive liar. The ward is managed by Nurse Valerie Owens, who is very clever, but is unable to become a doctor due to her race. All the nursing staff and the patients are kept marginally sane by Valerie, and she and Susanna have a complex relationship. Susanna is questionably diagnosed with having borderline personality disorder. Things really get started when the sociopath runaway patient, Lisa Rowe, returns to the ward and turns Susanna's world upside down and inside out. She is a force to be reckoned with - she is magnetic, rebellious, doesn't take her meds and is unhealthy for the other patients as she breaks down their self-esteem regularly. Due to the fact that her last best friend, Jamie, couldn't hack this when she ran away, Lisa befriends Susanna and together they start a world of trouble. Susanna keeps a diary of all her thoughts and feelings, also illustrating in it, and telling the tale of her stay through her daily entries. Her ex-boyfriend, Tobias Jacobs, comes to visit her and she very nearly tries to have sex with him in her room. He tells her he wants them to run away to Canada together so that he doesn't have to go to Vietnam. He tells her she isn't crazy and that the girls in the institution aren't really her friends. But she refuses to go with him, subconsciously beginning to rely on Lisa. Then she meets the head psychiatrist, Dr. Sonia Wick, and claims she is ambivalent, saying it means she doesn't care. But Dr. Wick sees through this mask and decides to have Susanna see her from now on. Afterwards, Lisa is taken into see the doctor, but doesn't return and Susanna falls into a depression. Nurse Valerie has had enough and throws her into an ice cold bath to wake her. She tells Susanna, after Susanna attacks her verbally and says that she doesn't know what she is doing, that she is a spoiled, lazy little girl who is driving herself crazy! And that if Susanna isn't careful, she will throw her life away on some stupid rebellion. That night, Lisa breaks into the ward, wild-eyed and crazy, and Susanna runs away with her so they can get to Disneyland. There they hook up with hippies and eventually crash at the bulimic Daisy's house after bribing her with promises of meds. But all turns bad when Lisa tells Daisy that she is a freak herself and that this apartment is all a mask to hide what's really happening. She breaks Daisy down, finally saying that Daisy probably likes her father molesting her and that it's probably all she has ever known. The next morning, Susanna wakes up and goes for a walk, to escape the sound of Lisa's voice and returns to find Daisy playing a record over and over again and Lisa in the kitchen. She goes up the stairs and finds Daisy's wrists slit and she hangs herself in the bathroom. Susanna goes back to the institution without Lisa, (who runs away again) and begins anew with Dr. Wick and her diary. When Susanna is ready to leave, Lisa breaks out of her padded cell and steals Susanna's diary. Beneath the ward in the maze of corridors, Lisa reads the diary aloud and tells the other girls what Susanna thinks of them. Susanna runs away from Lisa when she begins to chase her with a needle filled with a toxic-looking chemical. Susanna breaks her hand while trying to close a sliding metal door on Lisa and then they finally confront each other. Susanna finally tells Lisa that no one cares if she dies because she is already dead and her heart is cold. She also tells Lisa that she will begin her life again out of this hospital without Lisa and the others. Lisa has a mental breakdown and attempts to commit suicide but the other girls dissuade her from doing so. In the morning, Susanna is about to leave, but first she goes to visit Lisa and talks to her again. Now restrained to a bed, Lisa says that she isn't really cold and that she didn't mean to hurt Susanna. When she leaves, she says goodbye to all her friends, and gets into the taxicab saying that being crazy isn't about keeping a secret, it's just about everyone being personified. And by the seventies, most of her friends were out of the institution and leading lives. The girl who was just interrupted by herself and everyone else, is finally recovered from being a supposed borderline. 