nm0004936:

 Hell or High Water (II) (2016)651) A divorced father and his ex-con older brother resort to a desperate scheme in order to save their family's ranch in West Texas. In Texas, after the death of his mother, the unemployed oil and gas worker Toby Howard is losing his ranch to the Texas Midlands Bank. Toby is divorced from his wife who lives with their two sons. When his brother Tanner Howard is released from the prison, they team up to rob agencies of the Texas Midlands Bank to raise money to pay the loan so that Toby may leave the real estate to his sons. Meanwhile the Texas Ranger Marcus Hamilton who is near retirement and his Native American-descendant partner Alberto Parker try to anticipate the next move of the thieves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In West Texas, two brothers go on a bank-robbing rampage. They are targeting the branches of one bank in particular, The Texas Midland Bank. This bank is about to foreclose on the mortgage on their ranch and claim the property, and robbing the bank to pay its own loan seems appropriate. On the trail of the brothers is a Texas Ranger, Marcus Hamilton, with only a few weeks to retirement. grantss Following their mother's recent death and facing the family's West Texas farmland imminent foreclosure, brothers Toby Howard, a divorced father, and Tanner, a hardened ex-con, come up with a recklessly bold plan to raise some cash. As a result, the hard-pressed duo will embark on a crime spree, targeting the Texas Midland bank's small-town branches, after a meticulously-planned strategy by the gang's mastermind, Toby. Nevertheless, the Howard brothers are tracked down by the uncompromising Texas Ranger, Marcus Hamilton, and his faithful deputy, the half-Comanche, Alberto Parker, who are patiently waiting for even the slightest mistake to take them down. Eventually, as the two opposite couples will soon find themselves in a head-on collision, an inevitable showdown amidst the rugged and sun-baked landscape of West Texas, will lead to unforeseen consequences. Nick Riganas Following the death of their mother after an illness, adult brothers Tanner and Toby Howard, both penniless, begin a spree of masked bank hold-ups in small towns in West Texas, Toby having no real experience in such. They only want a few thousand dollars in each hold up, and only hit virtually empty Texas Midlands Bank branches where there are fewer things that can go wrong. Their end goal is to pay off the $40,000 reverse mortgage loan taken out on the family ranch, the bank which will foreclose in a few weeks if payment is not made in full. Toby wants to leave the ranch to his two sons to be held in trust for their financial security, they who he never sees following the divorce from his wife. Tanner and Toby believe it is poetic justice that they plan to achieve their goal by paying Texas Midlands, which holds the loan, with their own money. Although they have the same goal, the brothers having different temperaments may pose problems for them, Tanner, an ex-con, who is tempestuous and impetuous, while Toby is more introspective. Meanwhile, Texas Ranger Marcus Hamilton and his second in command Alberto Parker are investigating the hold-ups. Hamilton, who is close to retirement and who takes great pleasure in needling Parker for his part native Indian heritage, may have his own motives in how he decides to proceed in what may very well be his last case, Hamilton's actions often much to Parker's exasperation. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in a small town in West Texas in the morning. In front of the Texas Midland Bank, a female bank employee is rushed by two men with guns, masks and nondescript clothing. They force her inside and tell her to open the cash drawers. She says that there is no money in the drawers and opens them, showing that there is no money. She then tells them they are new at robbing banks and says if they leave now all they will be accused of is being stupid. The robbers take umbrage to what she said and force her to the ground in front of the counter. She says she will not get the money until the bank manager comes in at 8:30 am. When the manager does come in, he is greeted by the robbers, one of whom hits him in the face with his gun. The two robbers escape in a car. They are brothers: Tanner Howard (Ben Foster) the older has gotten out of prison a year ago and is considered a career criminal. Toby Howard (Chris Pine) the younger has a clean record and chides his brother for hitting the bank manager. They then drive to another small town and to hit another bank, also a Texas Midland branch. Inside the bank is a teller at the counter talking to an old man who says he found a bunch of old coins in his barn. The teller is examining the coins and says some may be collectors items when the brothers come in. Tanner has the teller open the cash drawer and takes out only small bills, no bundles or large bills. Toby asks the old man if he has a weapon, to which the old man says he is carrying. Toby takes a pistol from the old man and puts it on the counter near him. The old man asks if they are robbing him and the brothers say they are only robbing the bank, not him, and leave. The old man gets his gun and shoots at the brothers as they are leaving. Toby says that he will not want this to happen to him again, and that they are to stick to his plan. The brothers get to their ranch where they have a large hole dug. They drive the car into the hole and bury the car with a backhoe. The robberies are given to Texas Ranger Marcus Hamilton (Jeff Bridges) and his partner Alberto (Gil Birmingham). Marcus is facing mandatory retirement and is looking forward to this case as a chance to stave off retirement a little longer. Alberto is a little younger and is half Mexican and half Indian. Throughout the film Marucus ribs Alberto about his racial heritage, while Alberto responds with insults about Marcus's age. The FBI is not interested in the case since the robbers did not steal a large amount, only 7000 dollars, so the Texas Rangers are tasked with the case. At the ranch, Tanner comments on the poor state of it. Toby says that he spent the last few months caring for their sick mother. Tanner goes to her former room and sees a hospital bed with old prescription medications indicating how ill she was. Their mother had died recently. Tanner was not around and openly regrets it saying if he was asked, he would have made an effort to help. Instead, Toby asked him to help him rob banks. Tanner asks about a will, and Toby says the ranch was left to him until Friday when the bank will foreclose on it. Tanner mentions that their mother never did like him much, and implies that he killed their father. Marcus and Alberto go to the first bank and discover that the security cameras are not working, since they are being upgraded to a new system. Marcus doesn't get much of a description but discounts the chance the robbers were drug users, because of the care they took not to get caught. The brothers are in another town eating in a diner. Tanner asks about Toby's children, asking if they know about their Grandmother's death. Toby says no, also mentioning his contact with his kids has been very limited. Tanner encourages Toby to see his kids the next day. Tanner then notices another bank across the street from the dinner-it is not a Texas Midland Bank- and excuses himself, telling Toby to pay the bill. Toby then chats with the waitress telling her he used to work drilling natural gas before he was laid off. The waitress shows interest in him mentioning they could use a cook in the diner after something crashes in the back. Toby then gets his money to pay the bill and then decides to leave all of it for the waitress. As he is leaving the diner, Tanner has robbed the bank across the street. Toby is angry because now they have to bury their car, and the bank was not a Texas Midlands bank. Tanner just doesn't care. Marcus and Alberto are heading back to their office when they get the call about the bank Tanner robbed. They turn around, Alberto making retirement cracks and Marcus responding with Indian slurs. As they are going to the bank, they come across a prairie fire and some ranchers moving a herd of cows across the road to flee the fire. One of the ranchers complains about the state of things, saying he should just let the fire take him and the cows to put him out of his misery. Marcus comments that they are on their own, implying that many out here are stuck in a cycle of poverty. Toby and Tanner then go to Tanner's trailer where he is living on a guy's land in exchange for shooting coyotes. Tanner gets his rifles which Toby doesn't want in his car. They cross into Oklahoma and at a gas stop Toby goes inside to buy some food and sodas. Another car pulls up with the radio blaring loud music. The driver looks at Tanner, decides he doesn't lie the look of him, and starts taunting him, pulling a pistol. Tanner replies to, "just think there are 10 of me" as Toby comes around and beats up the driver. He then confronts the passenger in the car who says the driver had it coming. Tanner congratulates his brother and then gives him crap for getting him the wrong drink. Marcus interviews the bank teller at the last robbery who says there was only one robber, and that he went across the street to the getaway car. Marcus then goes to the diner and talks to some of the patrons and the waitresses to get a better description of the robbers. He then asks the waitress from earlier for the tip which Toby left ($200) as evidence. She then demands he comes back with a warrant, because she is going to use that money to try to keep her home for her kids. Marcus tells Alberto to make arrangements in a hotel since he figures the robbers will strike again nearby. Toby and Tanner then go to an Indian casino. The casino doesn't care about a large amount of cash coming in. Tanner takes a few chips to play poker, while Toby just sits at the bar with a large pile of chips. Tanner does well playing poker, but insults an Indian sitting across from him. Nothing happens except the exchange of words, with Tanner learning that the name Comanche means an enemy of all. A prostitute approaches Toby at the bar, but Tanner chases her away from Toby. They cash out their chips with Toby putting the majority into a check to Texas Midlands bank. The brothers get a room in the hotel where Tanner flirts with the check in clerk. and later has sex with her, while Toby is uncomfortably trying to ignore what is happening in the next bed. Marcus and Alberto are in their hotel room, sitting and watching TV, with Marcus insulting Alberto more. Alberto is visibly hurt by Marcus, and later Marcus wakes up in the middle of the night, pondering the fact he will be retiring soon. Alberto tries to make him feel better, but Marcus just insults him again. The brothers buy a used pickup truck to be used for another robbery. Toby then goes to see his ex-wife and his sons. He meets his older son, to whom he tells that he will be getting the ranch in a trust under his and his brother's names, and that there is oil on the land. Toby says that his son will hear stories about himself and Tanner, and to believe all of them- but not to be like his father or his uncle. Marcus and Alberto then go to another small town with a Texas Midland bank. They wait across the street in the diner where the waitress practically tells them what to order. The brothers then meet with their lawyer who says that they have to get $40,000 by Thursday to pay off the bank, because by Friday, the bank will foreclose. He agrees with the plan of robbing Texas Midland branches and paying the bank back with its own money. He says that the bank knowingly kept their mother in poverty so that it could seize the land on the cheap. He also recommends that the brothers use Texas Midland to manage the trust. Marcus and Alberto are still watching the bank branch. Alberto then comments that the Comanche used to own all the land in West Texas, but the white people later took it by force, and that their descendants are going to lose their land to the banks. Alberto goes into a nearby hotel while Marcus says outside, still watching the bank. The brothers then prepare to rob the last banks. The first bank they show up to has been closed permanently, they were not expecting that. They then proceed to the next bank, but Tanner then tells Toby that they have to go to the town of Post where there is a bigger bank. Toby reluctantly agrees, leaving his car outside of town. Marcus talks with Alberto over a map, indicating that there are seven branches of Texas Midlands. The one in Fort Worth is too big, two were already hit, one closed down, and they are sitting on one of them. Thus, the town of Post has got to be the last bank the brothers are going to rob. The pair then proceed to Post. Tanner and Toby get to the bank in Post but find the bank crowded with people. Tanner proceeds to get the money while Toby watches the crowd. One of the customers texts someone that the bank is being robbed and to hurry over there. Another customer and a guard both get their guns ready and start firing. Tanner kills them both and gets Toby outside where a group of armed men are waiting. They get to their truck but are being pursued by the armed mob. Toby has been hit, but the bullet was only a flesh wound. Tanner drives them outside of town and then pulls an M-16 and opens up on the mob with several magazines, driving them back. He gets Toby to Toby's car and tells Toby to take the money to the Indian Casino in Oklahoma. Toby asks what he is going to do, and Tanner implies this is the end for him. They say goodbye. Marcus and Alberto hear about the robbery and join several State Troopers chasing Tanner. Tanner manages to get on top of a hill and holds off the police with a deer rifle. Alberto is shot in the head, and Marcus is clearly shaken up. The mob of townspeople comes by, and Marcus approaches them telling them of the situation. One of the townsmen offers to help guide Marcus into a position to take down Tanner. Marcus then uses the towns-person's rifle to shoot Tanner. Toby gets stopped at a police roadblock but manages to hide his gunshot wound and make it through undetected. He goes to an Indian casino and sees the aftermath of what happen to his brother on the news, clearly saddened. He goes to the Texas Midlands bank and pays off the debt on the family ranch. The bank manager says that he will fax the forms over to Toby's lawyer, but Toby makes him do the faxing in front of him in order ensure all the payments are done. As he is leaving, he asks if the bank manages trusts. Marcus returns to the Texas Rangers' office. He has retired by now, but still people greet him. One of the current Texas Rangers tells him that the case is practically closed. The Rangers have looked into Tanner's background and found that he killed his father as a juvenile and later graduated to robbing banks, the reason for his time in prison. Marcus asks about Toby; no witnesses recognized him, and his record is clean. Nobody wants to pursue Toby, including Texas Midlands which is managing his trust. Oil is being pumped from Toby's ranch giving him more income a month than he stole. Marcus is told to drop the case and is reminded that has retired. Marcus can't let the case go and goes to visit Toby. Toby confronts him with a rifle but allows Marcus to sit down and offers him a beer. Marcus mentions he knows that Toby robbed the banks and that Tanner did it because he liked being a criminal. Toby has not spent any of the money he earned from the oil. Marcus wants to know why Toby did it and holds him responsible for all the people killed. Toby says his family grew up poor, and he wanted to break the cycle of poverty his family has been suffering, for the benefit of his children. Toby challenges Marcus, who is also armed, but before anyone can draw Toby's ex-wife and his children drive up. Toby cites the wild hogs that have been getting into the garden as the reason for he rifle in his hands, and introduces Marcus as an old friend. Toby doesn't live in the house, as it his children's, and he just visits to be in their lives and to work on the house. Toby tells Marcus that he is in town, and they can finish their conversation there. Marcus replies that he will meet him, but that will not finish things, as they both will be haunted by what happened. The film closes with scenes of the ranch and oil pumps working on it. 
 The Messenger (I) (2009)Summaries An American soldier struggles with an ethical dilemma when he becomes involved with a widow of a fallen officer. While on a recent deployment to Iraq, US Army Staff Sergeant Will Montgomery is injured when an improvised explosive device goes off within close proximity to him. He is back in the States recovering from the more serious of those injuries, including one to his eye and leg. He has resumed a sexual relationship with his long time girlfriend Kelly, despite the fact that she is now engaged to another man who Will knows. With the few months Will has left in his enlistment, the army assigns him to the Casualty Notification Team in his area. Not having a background in counseling, psychology or grief management, he is unsure if he is well suited to this job. He is partnered with a career soldier, Captain Tony Stone, who teaches Will the precise protocol involved in the job. Tony tells Will, who quickly learns by on the job experience, that this job has its own dangers. As Will learns to adapt to the range of emotions of the next of kin, he is unprepared for the reaction of Olivia Pitterson, whose husband was killed in Iraq. His initial encounter with Olivia leads to him wanting to get to know her better, which may not be in either her or his best interest. Despite being a recovering alcoholic, the more experienced Tony tries to guide Will as best he can under their collective circumstances. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 3:10 to Yuma (2007)541) A small-time rancher agrees to hold a captured outlaw who's awaiting a train to go to court in Yuma. A battle of wills ensues as the outlaw tries to psych out the rancher. Rancher Dan Evans heads into Bisbee to clear up issues concerning the sale of his land when he witnesses the closing events of a stagecoach robbery led by famed outlaw Ben Wade. Shortly thereafter, Wade is captured by the law in Bisbee and Evans finds himself one of the escorts who will take Wade to the 3:10 to Yuma train in Contention for the reward of $200. Evans' effort to take Wade to the station is in part an effort to save his land but also part of an inner battle to determine whether he can be more than just a naive rancher in the eyes of his impetuous and gun slinging son William Evans. The transport to Contention is hazardous and filled with ambushes by Indians, pursuits by Wade's vengeful gang and Wade's own conniving and surreptitious demeanor that makes the ride all the more intense. Mal enor Struggling to eke out a living in the dry and rugged landscapes of Arizona, the Civil War veteran and penniless cattle rancher, Dan Evans, decides not to miss his window of opportunity to redeem himself in the eyes of his son, William, when the infamous outlaw, Ben Wade, is finally captured. As a result, for $200, Dan volunteers to escort Wade to Contention City along with an angry posse of railroad men, where he'll board the 3:10 train to Yuma Prison. Perhaps, now, Evans can salvage what's left of his ramshackle farm; however, the trek to the station is long and treacherous, as marauding Apaches and Wade's dauntless gang of cut-throats are hot on their trail. Will Ben Wade, the artful manipulator, live to see the dawn? Nick Riganas The rancher Daniel Evans, who lost part of his leg in the Civil War, is broken and owing a large amount to a powerful man in Bisbee. When the outlaw Ben Wade is captured after the heist of a stagecoach, Dan offers to escort the cold blood killer to the city of Contention to take the 3:10 PM train to Yuma to be sent to trial. In return, he would receive US$ 200,00, enough to save his land and give a better life to his family. During their journey, Ben gets closer to Dan while his gang of criminals follows the group to rescue their boss. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The legendary outlaw, Ben Wade (Russell Crowe) and his gang have just robbed an armed stage coach carrying the Southern Pacific Railroads payroll. They kill everyone on-board except Pinkerton guard, Byron McElroy (Peter Fonda) whom Charlie Prince (Ben Foster), Wade's right hand man, shoots in the belly. A poor rancher Dan Evans (Christian Bale) and his two sons, William (Logan Lerman) and Mark (Benjamin Petry), find McElroy and take him to Bisbee, Arizona to find a doctor. Ben Wade separates from his gang and goes to meet with lovely Emma Nelson (Vinessa Shaw) in a nearby saloon, but learning of his presence in town, the sheriff immediately surrounds the building. Dan distracts Ben Wade, who is captured without a shot being fired. Railroad representative Grayson Butterfield (Dallas Roberts) asks for paid volunteers to join McElroy's posse to take Wade to the train station in the town of Contention three days away. The train is due at 3:10, and they must put Wade on the train's prison car bound for Yuma. Once Wade arrives in Yuma, he will receive a quick trial in Federal Court and be hanged. Dan Evans, desperately needing money to save his farm, agrees to help transport Wade to Contention but he must be paid $200. The other paid volunteers who join the posse are Tucker (Kevin Durand) and Doc Potter (Alan Tudyk), the town's veterinarian. Unfortunately for the posse, Charlie Prince sees what has happened to Wade, and he goes after the rest of the gang to help liberate Wade. Despite a deception to fool the gang, the odds move in their favour, and in the end it's Dan's desire to impress his sons that means getting him on the train becomes a personal battle of wills. In a hotel in Contention City, where the remains of the posse hide out, Wade continues to bargain for his freedom. Despite very tempting offers, Evans ignores his pleas. Wade's gang rides into town, and, after locating their boss, recruit as many of the townspeople as possible with an offer of $200 for the successful killing of any member of Evans' posse. The sheriff and his men, previously offering help to Evans, decide to surrender. They are gunned down, and Butterfield, terrified, offers Evans the $200 to just walk away. Evans, realizing the parallels between his current situation and the one in which the government paid for his leg lost in the Civil War, says, "It's funny, if you think about it - which I have been lately - is...they weren't paying me to walk away. They were paying me so they could walk away." Butterfield promises to see Evans' son home, but Evans want Butterfield to promise more than that. Butterfield is convinced to pay off Evans' debts, make sure his water flows, and that he will give $1000 dollars to his wife on Butterfield's return. Butterfield agrees, and he and William hold up in a room down the hall. When the time for action, Evans brings Wade outside and they run for the station. Wade's gang pursues them relentlessly, and they barely make it to the station in one piece. At the very moment that the protagonist Dan Evans is putting Ben Wade onto the prison train, Wade's gang shoots the rancher to death. Ben Wade takes his gun from his right-hand man Charlie Prince and, in an act of vengeance for the rancher who had earned his respect, murders every man of his gang. Ben Wade boards the prison train as a final act of symbolic tribute to the rancher who died getting him there, and whistles for his horse as the train drives into the distance. 
 Leave No Trace (2018)651) A father and his thirteen-year-old daughter are living an ideal existence in a vast urban park in Portland, Oregon when a small mistake derails their lives forever. Will (Ben Foster) and his teenage daughter, Tom (Thomasin Harcourt McKenzie), have lived off the grid for years in the forests of Portland, Oregon. When their idyllic life is shattered, both are put into social services. After clashing with their new surroundings, Will and Tom set off on a harrowing journey back to their wild homeland. The film is directed by Debra Granik from a script adapted by Granik and Anne Rosellini. Bleecker Street After living off the grid in Oregon for years, traumatized military veteran Will (Ben Foster) and his teenage daughter, Tom (Thomasin Harcourt McKenzie), are picked up by social services and forced to integrate back into society. While Tom begins to connect with others and thrive, Will struggles and attempts to avoid his demons by escaping back into the wild. Directed by Debra Granik. Based on the novel "My Abandonment" by Peter Rock. Will, an Iraq War veteran suffering from PTSD, lives with his 13-year-old daughter, Tom, in a public park outside Portland, Oregon. They live in almost total isolation, only entering town for occasional food and supplies. Will makes their money by selling his VA-issued painkillers to other veterans. After Tom is accidentally spotted in the woods by a jogger, officers arrest them and place them into social services. They are given food and a house on a Christmas tree farm in rural Oregon, on the condition that Will abides by the rules of the home owner and social services. Will begrudgingly begins to work on the settlement packaging pine trees, while Tom begins school and interacts with local kids her age in a 4H club. Will feels oppressed by others' presence and tells Tom they are returning to the woods. She follows reluctantly. An emotionally broken veteran and his teen daughter have lived off the grid for many years on illegal national park land in Oregon and survived well, and happy. One day, they are found by park police and re-homed. He tries his best to make it work, taking a job on a Christmas tree farm, trading his labor for housing, but feels more comfortable working with the animals than the humans. She wants to stay, she's made a friend, sees what life is like in the "real" world, and wants to grow and evolve. Freedom calls him, and they disappear to another state to find peace again until he falls and is barely alive when found. While he is rehabbing his leg, she has the biggest decision of her life to make. kateann1027 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Will is a veteran with PTSD. Homeless by choice and withdrawn from society, his life is both comforted and complicated by the fact that he is raising his daughter as a single dad. When the curtain goes up we find them living in the woods near Portland, Oregon. His daughter, Tom, is about 14 and doesn't remember her mom. They tend a small garden, cook mushrooms, and keep their canvas shelter patched against leaks. Once a month they trek into Portland to shop for necessaries with Will's disability check. Will teaches her all the survival skills he knows, including how to bug out and hide so as not to get "burned" by the park rangers for squatting on public lands. Nevertheless Tom is seen one day and they soon get burned and turned over to Social Services. We cringe with Will as he sits down to take the intake exam, 435 questions to assess his psychological state. He tries but stops answering when the computer-voiced questions get too close. On the other hand Tom does well as the lady social worker soon discovers that she not only reads better than most kids her age but that Will has been a loving and responsible parent in spite of the circumstances. The social workers reunite them and place them in a vacant house where Will is expected to work at the local Christmas Tree farm. We smile as he is instructed on how to prune a young pine to a perfect point on top to meet the expectations of California customers. Meanwhile Tom meets an older boy who is framing his own tiny house. She takes a liking to his pet rabbit as he describes the floor plan of his trailer-sized home. He invites her to the local 4H club where she learns some rabbit handling skills. Whether Tom feels any attraction to this nice young man is totally left up to our imagination. (Happily there are no sexual encounters anywhere in this film apart from the concern of the various strangers they meet as to Will's intentions toward Tom.) Tom likes it in their new home but Will is restless. He says that this is not really our house, our food, our furnishings, much less our life. You have to cooperate, he explains, like showing up at church, to keep on their good side. One day he tells Tom to pack only the stuff she needs and they make a break for it, eventually hitching a ride with a trucker who drops them off at a logging road up in Washington State. They spend a freezing night covered in branches and find a vacant cabin the next morning, where they break in and help themselves to some canned food. Will leaves Tom in the cabin while he heads downhill to find a store to get more groceries, but he never makes it. The next morning Tom finds him injured and unconscious by a stream. She gets help from a family that is camping nearby where a former Army medic nurses Will back to health. The family provides them with a trailer to live in for the time being in their little settlement of old, run down RVs. Tom likes this new found community of fellow misfits and refugees from civilization and learns some beekeeping skills from the wife of the medic who tended Will's foot . Tom helps her fill a rucksack with supplies for someone who lives alone in the hills as a hermit. Periodically the woman hangs the rucksack from a tree and comes back later to retrieve the empty bag. Will is determined to leave this little community as soon as his foot heals. When the day finally comes and Tom finds him packing, she confronts him with the realization that whatever is wrong with him is not wrong with her and that she no longer wants to keep on picking up stakes and obediently following him to the next camp. Will realizes the truth of what she says, but knows that for himself things will never change. They part ways. We know that Tom will be all right but feel sorry that Will, a prisoner of his tortured memories, chooses a hermit's existence. The curtain comes down as Tom hangs a rucksack from the tree one day, presumably for the hermit father she will always love. 