nm0004987:

 Biker Boyz (2003)321) A son of the leader of a legendary group of an urban biker gang tries to retain his championship title. A mythic motorcycle tale of father and son, this is the story of Manuel "Smoke" Galloway, also known as "the King of Cali", the president of a motorcycle club whose members are all African-American men, mostly white-collar workers who exchange their suits and ties at night and on weekends for leather outfits and motorcycle helmets. The focus of this story takes place at an annual drag-racing event in Fresno, as Manuel tries to retain his championship title. PhatBleek Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story starts off with a race, a race including Smoke, the King of Cali. Alongside him are the other members of his bike gang, the Black Knights, including Kid, a prospect. Kid, whose father is Smoke's mechanic/best friend, is anxious and impatient to start his life as a member of the Black Knights. He wants his father to look at him the same way he looks at Smoke. Kid's dreams are shattered, however, when Smoke's race gets out of hand and his father is hit + killed. Flash forward to a year later, where a now cocky Kid has joined forces with Stuntman. The two have been traveling California, hustling other racers out of their money. After another routine hustle, Kid runs into Smoke, and challenges him to a race. Smoke refuses, stating that Kid needs to join a gang and win some races before he'll be up to his standards. Prompted by Smoke's refusal, Kid forms his own gang -- the Biker Boyz -- with only three members, himself, Stuntman, and Primo, another free lance racer. The three set off, immediately building a following and gaining prospects. Along for the wild ride is Tina, a feisty young woman, who is drawn to Kid by is incessant devotion to her. During an annual party, Kid and Smoke are both enlightened by Kid's mother that Will, the man who raised Kid, is not his real father -- Smoke is. Smoke is shocked, but Kid couldn't be more angry. After fighting with his mother, he leaves home and moves in with Tina, determined to beat out Smoke and the Black Knights. Unable to wait for success, Kid begins hustling again, despite it being against code. After Smoke saves him from being killed by another gang in Fresno, Kid challenges him to a race, the stakes being the end of racing for both of them. The gangs travel to Fresno, where Kid races Dogg. The race ends badly and it looks as if Kid won't be able to race against Smoke the next day, seeing as his bike is totaled. Dogg, however, comes through and lends Kid his bike, with hopes that Kid will beat smoke and put an end to his reign as King of Cali. The next day, the two gangs meet up and set their terms before Kid + Smoke head off to the path they'll be racing on. The race starts normal for Kid, but Smoke has already gone in the zone, everything but the road ahead of him blurring out of vision. Suddenly, Smoke's tunnel of thought is filled with memories, of everything since the night Will was killed. During this, Kid comes into the zone, his mind focusing on nothing other than the road. As the two edge closer to the finish line, Smoke lets up, allowing Kid to beat him. As the movie ends, Kid and Smoke come to an understanding, and Kid allows Smoke to keep his helmet and his right to race. 
 Old School (2003)321) Three friends attempt to recapture their glory days by opening up a fraternity near their alma mater. Mitch, Frank and Beanie are disillusioned with their personal lives beginning when Mitch's nymphomanic girlfriend, Heidi, cheats on him, then former party animal Frank gets married, but unwilling to let go of his wild life, and Beanie is a family man seeking to reclaim his wild and crazy youth. Beanie suggests that they form their own fraternity in Mitch's new house on a college campus to re-live their glory days by bringing together a variety of misfit college students, losers, middle-aged and elderly retirees as their new friends and later try to avoid being evicted by the new Dean of Students, Pritchard, whom still holds a personal grudge against all three of them. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Attorney Mitch Martin (Luke Wilson) comes back from a business trip early and is shocked to find out that Heidi (Juliette Lewis), his girlfriend, takes part in orgies with a variety of people. She claims it is purely sexual; nevertheless, Mitch does not want to continue the relationship. Mitch encounters his high school crush, Nicole (Ellen Pompeo), at his friend Franks (Will Ferrell) wedding party. He is drunk and does not make a good impression, accidentally spilling hot coffee on her and then trying to drink it off of her dress. After breaking up with his girlfriend, Mitch goes house-hunting. He finds a house located near the campus of his fictional alma mater, Harrison University. Mitchs other best friend Bernard (Vince Vaughn), who owns a chain of electronic stores named "Speaker City", throws a party at Mitch's house and hires Snoop Dogg to play so Mitch can get his mind off his ex-girlfriend. The party, dubbed "Mitch-A-Palooza," is a huge success and puts Mitch and his friends at the top of the college social scene, causing these former college buds to revert back to their frat-boy days.[1] During the party, Frank, who had a reputation as the heavy drinking, hard partying "Frank the Tank" back in college, has his wife under the impression that he's matured and left the part of his life behind. However, he gets drunk and goes streaking through the neighborhood and is found by his new wife and her friends. This strains their marriage. The next morning, Mitch wakes up with Darcie (Elisha Cuthbert) and at first he's a bit concerned but she assures him it was simply casual sex. In the aftermath of the party, the trio meet Dean Pritchard (Jeremy Piven). The Dean is a childhood acquaintance of the three men, but since he was the butt of most of their pranks, his actions throughout the film are rooted in vindictiveness. Pritchard happily informs them that the house is specifically designated for social services and community housing. Therefore, Mitch, Frank, and Bernard must either move out or meet the Dean's criteria in order to keep Mitch's house. For this reason, it is Bernard's idea to start a fraternity that is open to anyone. Although Mitch is initially reluctant to accept the notion of turning his house into a fraternity, he is essentially obliged to agree with the idea. Mitch gets dubbed "the Godfather". He still tries to keep his work life and fraternity life apart. Regardless, he is approached by countless people even at work who want to become members of his fraternity. The fraternity is an outlet for the stress and boredom that is associated with the monotonous nine-to-five lifestyle for many members. Mitch, while in a meeting with his boss, Mr. Goldberg, is visited by Darcie and awkwardly discovers she is his boss' daughter, who happens to be graduating from high school. This stuns Mitch, who awkwardly shakes her hand. To make matters more humiliating, word has already leaked out around the office about Mitch hooking up with Darcie at the party, which he denies ever happened in order to protect his reputation. All does not go well, one of the fraternity members, an elderly man known only as "Blue" dies during his birthday celebration. Frank's wife asks for a divorce at Blue's funeral, forcing heartbroken Frank to live with Mitch in the fraternity. Mitch invites Nicole and her daughter to a birthday party for Bernard's son. However, she shows up with a date, Mark (Craig Kilborn). Mitch later accidentally catches Mark making out with one of the birthday hostesses in the bathroom but doesn't tell Nicole. To cover himself, Mark tells Nicole that he caught Mitch doing the dirty deed. This along with Mitch's secretiveness regarding the fraternity strains his relationship with Nicole, especially after asking her out for coffee and having the chef refuse his money and puts his meal on the house in order to show his support for the fraternity. Nicole becomes even more suspicious when the cook calls him "The Godfather" and to make things even more awkward for Mitch, Darcie and her friend walk by and say hello to Mitch, making Nicole think he is a cradle robber after they reveal they have to go to a prom committee meeting for their high school, leaving Nicole to walk away disgusted. The main obstacle is still Dean Pritchard, and when he claims the group violated an assortment of university policies, the fraternity house is boarded up. He also claims that the students who participated in the non-sanctioned fraternity are subject to expulsion. Nonetheless, Mitch finds out that the group has the right to bypass this legality by completing a series of activities that range from academics and athletics to community service, debate and school spirit. The men are able to complete all of the activities successfully but since the deceased member of the fraternity (Blue) was still on their roster, the groups averages were brought down to 58%. Consequently, Dean Pritchard tells them the universitys decision stands. The Student Council President Megan Huang was bribed by the Dean to revoke the fraternity's charter. Frank is able to obtain a tape that reveals the Dean bribing Megan with admission to Columbia Law School (a promise the Dean happily broke when she confronted him after the school rejects her) since she is head of the student board that approved of the fraternity's campus status. Accordingly, the Deans credibility is destroyed. The front of the newspaper the next day claims that the Dean was fired after a bribery scandal. The fraternitys charter is reinstated and the fraternitys old house is replaced with Dean Pritchards house. Nicole visits Mitch at the old fraternity house to mend their relationship, and it is implied that they get together. Despite Bernard and Mitch withdrawing from the fraternity, Frank maintains his ties and persists with his leadership in the organization. Over the closing credits, Mark drives his car off of a bridge and coincidentally onto ex-Dean Pritchard who was fishing below, prompting the car to explode. As the smoke from the wreckage rises into the air, an image appears of Blue in heaven playing a piano and singing "Dust in the Wind". Next Frank is shown at the college radio station 88.6 playing a song and dedicating it to the "Godfather" (Mitch) thanking him for saving his life. Later at the supermarket Frank is approached by Heidi, inviting him to join her and some other friends the next night. Frank becomes euphoric and punches several boxes of supermarket cereal before kicking a random stranger's cart. 
 Spawn (1997)761) An elite mercenary is killed, but comes back from Hell as a reluctant soldier of the Devil. An assassin named Al Simmons is double-crossed and murdered by his evil boss Jason Wynn. Al makes a deal with the devil and returns to earth as Spawn to see his wife. He is ordered by the devil's minion, The Clown, to kill Wynn. Wynn has made a deal with the Clown too and is supposed to destroy the world with a deadly virus that will help start Armageddon and allow Hell to attack Heaven. Spawn must choose between Good and Evil. Keith Haney <kbhaney@inconnect.com> After seeking his soul to the Devil, US Secret Agent Al Simmons will return to the Earth as Spawn: the leader of Hell's Army. Al has other plans though: he seeks the man who betrayed and killed him: Jason Wynn, who's also made a deal with the Devil in secret. It's a battle to the death: it's demon versus demon. Johnny-the-Film-Sentinel-2187 Al Simmons is a hit-man who works for the government. One day, someone sets him up and he is killed. Of course, he goes to Hell, where Malebolgia - the Devil himself - offers him a deal. Al will come back to life with a certain amount of "energy", but when it runs out, he will return to Hell as a Hellspawn, and help in the war against Heaven. Al accepts the offer, because of the love for his wife Wanda, but when he arrives back on Earth he sees that the Devil has cheated him - His face is horribly distorted, his body covered with a living suit, and the worst of all; he finds Wanda married to his best friend. Shattered, the Spawn starts wandering in New York's alleys. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Lieutenant Colonel Al Simmons who is a secret agent of an organization called A-6, run by Jason Wynn. However, during an operation, Simmons was double-crossed by Wynn himself and was killed and sent to the devil's world. The devil kept Simmons secluded for 5 years, then sent Simmons back as "Spawn", having very little memory, only remembering his wife, Wanda, and Wynn. He is sent to kill Wynn. Meanwhile, Wynn is secretly planning for world domination, and has ordered special doctors to implant a detonator for a deadly virus into his heart if anybody kills him. Then, Spawn finds out that it is a plan by the devil to kill everybody in the world. So that the devil's army is purified and they can destroy heaven. Spawn must stop Wynn and Clown (the devil's assistant) from destroying the world. John Wiggins Al Simmons, is a military soldier/assassin, who has been betrayed by a covert government agency head named Jason Wynn. Wynn orders his top assassin, Jessica Priest, to assassinate him. After Simmons dies, he is immediately transported to Hell, where Malebolgia, a demonic ruler of the various realms, offers him a Faustian deal. If Simmons becomes his eternal servant and leader of Hell's army in Armageddon, he will be able to return to Earth to see his beloved fiancee, Wanda Blake. And Simmons accepts the offer and is transformed into a Hellspawn, which is a servant of Malebolgia in a necroplasm suit that is not only a living, breathing creature, but is also his only protection in the world. Simmons (soon to be dubbed "Spawn" by Malebolgia's crony, The Violator) returns to Earth and attempts to reunite with Wanda, not knowing that five years have passed. He also seeks revenge on his former boss and killer, Jason Wynn, who has made a deal with The Violator to develop a lethal virus to take over the world, where Wynn is promised to be king. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Al Simmons (Michael Jai White), a military soldier/assassin, is betrayed by the head of a covert government agency, Jason Wynn (Martin Sheen). Wynn assigns Simmons a mission to take out a Bio-Chem plant in North Korea while ordering his top assassin, Jessica Priest (Melinda Clarke), to assassinate him. After Simmons dies from a gas fire caused by Wynn, he arrives in Hell, where Malebolgia (Frank Welker), the Devil, offers him a Faustian deal. If Simmons becomes his eternal servant and leader of his army in Armageddon, he will be able to return to Earth to see his fiance, Wanda Blake (Theresa Randle). Simmons accepts the offer and is returned to Earth. When he returns, Simmons learns that five years have passed. Wanda is now married to his best friend, Terry (D. B. Sweeney) and living the life he longed for, including the daughter he never knew, Cyan (Sydni Beaudoin). He encounters a strange clown-like demon called The Violator (John Leguizamo), who acts as a guide, setting "Spawn" onto the path to evil. He also meets a mysterious old man named Cogliostro (Nicol Williamson), a fellow Hellspawn who freed his soul and now fights for Heaven. Jason Wynn has become a high-class weapons dealer and developed the ultimate biological weapon, "Heat 16". During a reception Simmons attacks Wynn, kills Jessica and escapes, instinctively using Spawn's strange armor. Following Simmons' attack, The Violator convinces Wynn to have a device attached to his heart that will trigger the worldwide release of Heat 16 should his vital signs flatline. The device is supposedly a safeguard against assassination attempts, but Malebolgia actually wants Simmons to kill Wynn and trigger the apocalypse. Spawn confronts The Violator, who turns into his demonic form and beats him down. Cogliostro rescues him and teaches him how to use his necroplasm armor before Spawn learns that Clown and Jason are going to kill Terry. Meanwhile, Terry has just finished texting a fellow newsman who sent him evidence exposing Jason Wynn. After the transmission, Cyan enters the room, with Jason right behind her. Jason destroys Terry's computer and takes the family hostage. When Spawn arrives, he ends up almost killing Jason Wynn, despite his warning that his death will launch the Heat 16 bombs. Only after realizing that Jason's death would ultimately mean the death of Cyan does he relent. Instead, he extracts the device from Wynn's body before destroying it. His plans foiled, Clown draws Spawn and Cogliostro into Hell, where Spawn tells Malebolgia that he will never lead his army. He escapes with Cogliostro just before they are overwhelmed and returns to the real world. The Violator follows and there is a final battle between him and Spawn, ending with Spawn severing the demon's head with his chains. Jason Wynn is arrested and Spawn, realizing there is no place for him in Wanda's world anymore, dedicates himself to justice rather than succumbing to his lust for vengeance. 
 The Big Short (2015)761) In 2006-2007 a group of investors bet against the US mortgage market. In their research, they discover how flawed and corrupt the market is. Three separate but parallel stories of the U.S mortgage housing crisis of 2005 are told. Michael Burry, an eccentric ex-physician turned one-eyed Scion Capital hedge fund manager, has traded traditional office attire for shorts, bare feet and a Supercuts haircut. He believes that the US housing market is built on a bubble that will burst within the next few years. Autonomy within the company allows Burry to do largely as he pleases, so Burry proceeds to bet against the housing market with the banks, who are more than happy to accept his proposal for something that has never happened in American history. The banks believe that Burry is a crackpot and therefore are confident in that they will win the deal. Jared Vennett with Deutschebank gets wind of what Burry is doing and, as an investor believes he too can cash in on Burry's beliefs. An errant telephone call to FrontPoint Partners gets this information into the hands of Mark Baum, an idealist who is fed up with the corruption in the financial industry. Baum and his associates, who work at an arms length under Morgan Stanley, decide to join forces with Vennett despite not totally trusting him. In addition to Burry's information, they further believe that most of the mortgages are overrated by the bond agencies, with the banks collating all the sub-prime mortgages under AAA packages. Charlie Geller and Jamie Shipley, who are minor players in a $30 million start-up garage company called Brownfield, get a hold of Vennett's prospectus on the matter. Wanting in on the action but not having the official clout to play, they decide to call an old "friend", retired investment banker Ben Rickert, to help out. All three of these groups work on the premise that the banks are stupid and don't know what's going on, while for them to win, the general economy has to lose, which means the suffering of the general investor who trusts the financial institutions. That latter aspect may not sit well with Baum. Some of these assumptions may be incorrect and may be far more manipulative than they could have ever imagined, which in turn may throw curves into the process. Huggo Based on the book by Michael Lewis (writer of Moneyball, Liar's Poker and Flash Boys, among others), the true story of a handful of investors who bet against the US mortgage market in 2006-7. Through their own research they discovered that the US mortgage backed securities market was a bubble about to burst, and they invested accordingly. What they didn't initially know was how structurally flawed the MBS system was, the level of corruption in the market...and the impact on the average person when the bubble burst. grantss In 2008, Wall Street guru Michael Burry realizes that a number of subprime home loans are in danger of defaulting. Burry bets against the housing market by throwing more than $1 billion of his investors' money into credit default swaps. His actions attract the attention of banker Jared Vennett, hedge-fund specialist Mark Baum and other greedy opportunists. Together, these men make a fortune by taking full advantage of the impending economic collapse in America. Jwelch5742 Sensing the imminent danger of a financial crisis based on inconspicuous warning signs in the mortgage-backed real estate market, back in 2008, a motley crew of bold, yet shrewd and skilful investors managed to reap immense profits just by betting against the housing market. Who could have predicted that a real-estate bubble of a such a magnitude was about to burst, and above all, what could be the devastating aftermath in a crumbling economy that left practically millions unemployed and homeless? Nick Riganas Christian Bale plays Michael Burry, a former hedge-fund manager who was one of the first to forecast the collapse of the credit bubble due to excessive subprime lending. Steve Carell is Mark Baum (based on the real-life Steve Eisman), a money manager who rose to fame after successfully betting against subprime mortgages.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jared Vennett (Ryan Gosling) states to the viewers that the world of banking is extremely boring. Things changed when Lewis Ranieri (Rudy Eisenzopf) created a plan for mortgage-backed securities to ensure bigger profits with lower risks since everyone was paying their mortgages. This was big for bankers, up until the year 2008 when the global financial crisis hit. Vennett adds that a small group of individuals saw this coming. The next scene shows hedge fund millionaire Michael Burry (Christian Bale) in his office conducting an interview with a young analyst. Burry says his wife told him he needs to "share more". He discusses having a glass eye since childhood due to losing his real eye to an illness. We see him as a child playing in a football game and being ashamed when the eye falls out. Burry continues rambling on about how the tech bubble burst in 2001, yet the housing market went up. He hires the analyst on the spot and instructs him to get him a list of the top 20 selling mortgage bonds. The scene shifts to a counseling session where Mark Baum (Steve Carell) enters and takes over the session by complaining to everyone about an encounter he just had with a retail banker regarding his bank's overdraft policies and how he is screwing over working people. Baum despises people working in big banks, especially after his brother committed suicide after getting screwed over. He later calls his wife Cynthia (Marisa Tomei) to express his anger, which she is used to hearing about, but still thinks he should quit his job. Baum then takes a cab from another man. Burry does his homework and reviews the list he asked for. He discovers that the housing market is being backed by subprime loans in which clients are providing fewer returns, and then decides he can bet against the housing market and profit off of it. To properly explain what a subprime loan is, Vennett (still narrating) directs us to a woman (Margot Robbie) taking a bubble bath and drinking champagne to explain that "subprime" means "shit", and that the banks created them to add more mortgages to their plans. Burry then goes to multiple banks, starting with Goldman Sachs, to express the idea that the bonds will fail and to create a credit default swap market. Thinking the bonds are secure, the bankers roll with his bet. Burry's boss Lawrence Fields (Tracy Letts) is distressed by his plan for fear of what it'll do to their own business. Vennett learns of Burry's dealings and then meets with Baum and his team of investors - Danny Moses (Rafe Spall), Porter Collins (Hamish Linklater), and Vinnie Daniel (Jeremy Strong) - to propose to them the idea of the credit default swap. He explains that all the bad bonds can be put together into CDOs (Collateralized Debt Obligations). Vennett brings us to Anthony Bourdain to explain CDOs by comparing it to making a seafood stew from a bunch of fish that didn't sell too well. After Vennett leaves, Baum and his team consider taking his words seriously. We meet young hopeful investors Charlie Geller (John Magaro) and Jamie Shipley (Finn Wittrock) waiting to meet with someone from JP Morgan Chase. However, they don't get far without having an ISDA agreement. Discouraged, they then find a pitch from Vennett on how the housing market is a bubble (which Shipley states isn't a completely accurate depiction of how they found out about it). They decide to jump on the credit default swap bandwagon and bring in retired trader Ben Rickert (Brad Pitt) to help them since they are too inexperienced to pull off the trades they need in order to profit from this. Moses and Collins go to a neighborhood to find foreclosed houses. They encounter a renter that worries about being evicted with his son. Moses and Collins enter a home with a past due notice paper in the kitchen, and then a home with an alligator in the pool. Burry is confronted by Fields for his betting, thinking that his plan will fail within six years. He and another investor demand their money back, but Burry refuses to give in. Baum and his team dig further into the housing market, meeting with a real estate agent, two mortgage brokers, and even a stripper to learn about what sort of loans are given to particular customers, leading Baum to realize that the market is indeed a bubble. By early 2007, it is reported that mortgage delinquencies have reached a new high. Baum and his team are told to give up their swaps by risk assessors. Baum has Daniel tell them to fuck off. The two meet with Georgia Hale (Melissa Leo), an officer for Standard and Poor's, and grill her over giving banks AAA percentages on subprime loans. She defends herself by saying the banks would default if they didn't get those ratings, and Baum criticizes her actions, but she fires back by noting that he and his team own multiple credit default swaps. Vennett tells Baum and his team to pull out of their trades, as Geller tells Shipley the same thing, due to mortgage defaults going up. Shipley and the team both express their respective negative views. Rickert tells the guys, as Vennett tells his guys, to go to Las Vegas to attend the American Securitization Forum. Both groups go to Vegas for the Forum. Baum spends his time grilling the big-wigs for their dealings. Shipley meets with a girl he knows named Evie (Karen Gillan), who works for the SEC, and asks her if the SEC investigates mortgage bonds, to which she says no. Burry becomes increasingly morose as he continues to learn that bonds aren't going down and that the whole system is fraudulent. Geller, Shipley, and Rickert then plan to short AA tranches. They make many deals with many bankers, but as Geller and Shipley celebrate, Rickert reminds them that eventually, the market will collapse and millions of people will be hurt from it. The realization hits the two deeply. Baum meets a businessman named Mr. Chau (Byron Mann) in a casino and learns that he has created synthetic CDOs, which is a series of bigger and bigger bets on faulty loans. Baum slowly but surely realizes the economy is going to collapse. We then get Richard Thaler and Selena Gomez to explain what a synthetic CDO is by comparing it to people making bets on Selena winning at blackjack because her odds are looking good, until she deals a bad hand, and everyone loses. By April 2007, everyone is preparing for the inevitable. Burry prevents investors from withdrawing their money. Geller and Shipley go around to the press and the like to warn then about the collapse, but no one is interested in pursuing the story. Baum and his team are told to give up or sell their swaps. As predicted, by the end of 2008, the market economy has collapsed, but all those involved in the shorts have profited immensely from the swaps, although none of them are proud of it. Several banks begin shutting down. Burry retires, and one of his analysts takes a new job at a 7-11. The man that Moses and Collins visited earlier is now living out of a van with his wife and son. Geller and Shipley have lost faith in the system. Baum mentions a bailout happening, which Vennett states is true, and that the banks saved their skins and blamed the bad things on immigrants, the poor, and even teachers. Daniel then tells Baum that they should sell their swaps, but Baum thinks it'll make them as bad as the banks, though Daniel says otherwise. Baum then tells him to sell them all. The final text reads that five trillion dollars from real estate values, pension funds, 401k, savings, and bonds had disappeared after the collapse. 8 million people lost their jobs, 6 million lost their homes, and that was only in the U.S. Mark Baum refused to say "I told you so", and his team continues to run their fund together. Charlie Geller and Jamie Shipley attempted to sue ratings agencies but were laughed out of the offices. Shipley still runs Brownfield but Geller moved to Charlotte to start a family. Ben Rickert lives with his wife on an orchard. Michael Burry contacted the government several times to see if anyone would ask him how he predicted the collapse. Nobody responded, but he was audited four times by the FBI. He now only invests in water. In the present day 2015, several large banks, who in their corporate greed had apparently learned nothing, began selling billions in CDOs. 