nm0009580:

 Stricken (1997)Summaries College students and locals clash in a Midwestern town over the students' obsession with practical jokes. What started out as a joke has turned deadly as students start turning up lifeless. In their final semester of school, a group of six college friends get together to pull the ultimate prank on a fellow classmate. The joke goes awry, resulting in a series of tragic events. Can they explain their way out of this one? Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Boss (20112012)211) Mayor Tom Kane, diagnosed with a dementia disorder, struggles to keep his grip on power in Chicago. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Season Two: After nearly losing his career, his family and his mind, Mayor Tom Kane's ( Kelsey Grammer ) grip on Chicago is as powerful as ever. With high doses of medication, he's able to beat back the physical symptoms of his debilitating brain disease, but it comes at a cost. Kane is left with intense and uncontrollable neurological side effects. Despite the delusions, Kane breaks ground on the O'Hare Airport expansion and looks toward his next endeavor protecting and repairing his legacy. With the astute counsel of new aides Mona Fredricks ( Sanaa Lathan ) and Ian Todd ( Jonathan Groff ), he plans to remove and rebuild a long forgotten housing project, now home to gang activity and rampant corruption. Committed to his unorthodox agenda, Kane prepares to cut out the cancers within the political machine he helped build. Fully aware of Kane's illness, his wife Meredith ( Connie Nielsen ) finds herself questioning who holds the key to preserving her position of power. Meanwhile, their daughter Emma ( Hannah Ware ), who is a product of their loveless, political marriage, battles her own destructive demons. Without his longtime advisors Ezra Stone ( Martin Donovan ) and Kitty O'Neil ( Kathleen Robertson ), and his political protg Ben Zajac ( Jeff Hephner ), the odds continue to stack against him. As corrupt heads roll and his list of enemies grows, Kane's virtuous actions begin to erode the very foundation of power he's worked a lifetime to build. In order to maintain it, Kane must govern as he always has -- ruthlessly. --by Starz Publicity Season One The series follows Tom Kane, the mayor of Chicago, who has recently been diagnosed with a degenerative neurological disorder. Determined to remain in charge, Kane conceals the disease from everyone around him except his own physician, Dr Ella Harris. Those around Kane are too busy with their own lives to notice anything unusual. Kane's marriage to his wife Meredith is nothing more than one of convenience. Kane's closest advisors, Kitty O'Neill and Ezra Stone, begin to suspect something is wrong with the Mayor but respect him too much to ask any questions, while State Treasurer Ben Zajac is too busy cultivating his political ambitions to become the next Governor of Illinois to notice anything out of the ordinary. Kane's daughter, Emma, is the only one who suspects that something is wrong with her father. But does she know enough to uncover his secret and what will it mean for his political career? from Wikipedia 
 Chicago P.D. (2014 )Summaries Follows District 21 of the Chicago Police Department, which is made up of two distinctly different groups: the uniformed cops and the Intelligence Unit. District 21 of the Chicago Police Department is made up of two distinctly different groups. There are the uniformed cops who patrol the beat and go head-to-head with the city's street crimes. And there's the Intelligence Unit, the team that combats the city's major offenses - organized crime, drug trafficking, high profile murders and beyond. ahmetkozan At the center of "Chicago P.D." is Det. Sgt. Hank Voight (Jason Beghe), who is at ground zero against the war on crime in Chicago. He will do anything to bring criminals to justice. From multiple Emmy Award-winning executive producer Dick Wolf and the team behind the hit series "Chicago Fire," "Chicago P.D." is a riveting police drama about the men and women of the Chicago Police Department's elite Intelligence Unit, combating the city's most heinous offenses - organized crime, drug trafficking, high-profile murders and beyond. Hand-picked as the head of the unit is Voight, who has assembled a team of diverse detectives who share his passion, and commitment to keep the city safe. They include Det. Antonio Dawson (Jon Seda), who is more level-headed and "by the book" than his counterpart; Jay Halstead (Jesse Lee Soffer), a brash young detective who previously saw active military duty in the Middle East; Halstead's partner Erin Lindsay (Sophia Bush), a former "bad girl" who turned her life around with Voight's help; Alvin Olinsky (Elias Koteas), an experienced undercover detective and confidante for Voight; and Adam Ruzek (Patrick John Flueger), a quick-witted cadet plucked from the police academy as Olinsky's partner. The unit also includes two rising young uniform cops - Kevin Atwater (LaRoyce Hawkins), a charismatic patrolman who has an active social life, and Kim Burgess (Marina Squerciati), a patrol officer who strives to one day become a part of the elite Intelligence Unit. Sheldon Jin (Archie Kao) is the tech geek in charge of surveillance and tech ops. NBC Television It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Utopia (2020)Summaries A group of young adults, who meet online, get a hold of a cult underground graphic novel, which not only pins them as a target of a shadowy deep state organization, but also burdens them with the dangerous task of saving the world. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 