nm0003644:

 For the Cause (2000)Summaries Earth is in a state of constant war and two colonies of humans have been sent to a far away world. The colonists create a new civilization but have inherited the worst traits of their forebears and war breaks out leaving the new cities in ruins. It falls to a bunch of teens to bring peace to the colony - but will they? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wolf (1994)761) Publisher Will Randall becomes a demon wolf and has to fight to keep his job. Worn down and out of luck, aging publisher Will Randall (Jack Nicholson) is at the end of his rope when a younger co-worker snatches his job out from under his nose. But after being bitten by a wolf, Will suddenly finds himself energized, more competitive than ever, and possessed with amazingly heightened senses. Meanwhile, the beautiful daughter of his shrewd boss begins to fall for him - without realizing that the man she's begun to love is gradually turning into the creature by which he was bitten. Mark Neuenschwander, <retro_critic@swiftboard.com> Raymond Alden (Christopher Plummer) has a pretty but estranged daughter, Laura (Michelle Pfeiffer), who is attracted to his subordinate, Will Randall (Jack Nicholson), who has recently been separated from his spouse, Charlotte (Kate Nelligan). Will is special, in a way, because he has been bitten by a seemingly dead wolf, and finds himself energized, his senses heightened, and has acquired a thirst for blood. He consults Dr. Vijay Alezais (Om Puri), who gives him an amulet that will prevent him from changing into a werewolf in return for a bite. Will refuses, but accepts the amulet as a gift. Will and Laura continue to meet, while Will's rival, Stewart Swinton (James Spader), who is also attracted to Laura, will force a confrontation between them, complicated by the involvement of the Police who suspect Will of killing his wife. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) While driving through Vermont, middle-aged Chief Editor Will Randall (Jack Nicholson) hits a wolf with his car. He stops the car to drag the animal out of the road, but the wolf is alive and bites his hand. He goes to the doctor, takes a rabies vaccine, and the doctor releases him. Will is under stress in his job since the publishing house where he works has been bought by tough millionaire Raymond Alden (Christopher Plummer), and the employees are expecting downsizing. Will is supported by his wife Charlotte Randall (Kate Nelligan) and his colleague and assistant Stewart Swinton (James Spader). Raymond invites Will to a party at his manor and he learns that Stewart will occupy his position in the publishing house. Will also meets Raymond's rebel daughter Laura Alden (Michelle Pfeiffer). The next morning, Will Randall goes to his work and learns that he has acute senses and he feels more competitive and decided to fight for his job. But Will is becoming a wolf and his transformation completely changes his life. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Under a full moon, the suave middle-aged editor-in-chief, Will Randall, is bitten by a crafty black wolf in an empty stretch of road, on his way home in snow-capped Vermont. Little by little, as the unknown but baneful infection spreads, Will comes to realise that his once-weary body, inexplicably, has become the host of a new set of powers and abilities, as his acute sensory perception marks the beginning of an indescribable and almost beastly transformation. Now, in the cut-throat publishing industry, no one is a match for the fresh and lupine Will; not even his much younger back-stabbing protg, Stewart, or the publishing firm's new billionaire owner, Raymond Alden. Under those circumstances, could the legend be true? Is Will, indeed, turning into the cryptic creature known as the werewolf? Nick Riganas After publishing executive Will Randall (Jack Nicholson) is bitten by a wolf, his life begins to change. First his mood changes, and his sense of hearing and smell go into overdrive. Will has become a werewolf and he has an appetite for human blood. His newly found friend Laura Alden (Michelle Pfeiffer) wants to help, but she doesn't know what Will is yet. As if Will's new problem wasn't enough to keep him occupied, he must also contend with Stewart Swinton (James Spader), who is out to get his job. Rob Hartill Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Will Randall (Jack Nicholson) is bitten by a wolf while driving home in Vermont. Afterwards, he is demoted from editor in chief of a publishing house when it is taken over by tycoon Raymond Alden (Christopher Plummer), who replaces him with Will's proteg Stewart Swinton (James Spader). Stewart is having an affair with Will's wife Charlotte (Kate Nelligan). Will starts to be more aggressive, taking on the characteristics of a wolf. With the help of Alden's headstrong daughter Laura (Michelle Pfeiffer), Will sets out for his new life. His first escapade as a werewolf takes place at Laura's estate, where he wakes up at night and hunts down a deer. In the morning Will finds himself on the bank of a stream, with blood all over his face and hands. He visits Dr. Vijav Alezais (Om Puri), who gives him an amulet to protect him from turning completely into a wolf. Alezais asks Will to bite him, as Alezais does not have long to live, and would prefer "demonization to death." After refusing, Randall keeps the amulet so that he won't transform at the next full moon. Calling Laura to explain, Randall, now a wolf, breaks into the Zoo and steals handcuffs from a policeman. Muggers want his wallet, but he attacks and leaves one of them alive. He wakes up in his hotel, with no memory of what happened. Will outmanoeuvres Stewart at their work and fires him, urinating on his shoes in a bathroom. While washing his hands, he finds fingers in his handkerchief and realizes he killed someone. Will inadvertently bites Stewart, who then becomes a wolf and murders Charlotte. Stewart attempts to frame Will in order to seize his job back. Horrified that he might have killed his wife, Will goes back to Laura`s cottage and is locked up in the barn. Laura gets a call from a Detective (Richard Jenkins), who tells her that canine DNA was found on Charlotte's body. Alarmed, Laura goes to the police station. There she runs into Stewart, who makes an animal-like pass at her. Laura hurries away, making arrangements for her and Will to leave the country. Stewart follows her and kills her two guards. After a brief struggle in the barn, Stewart tries to rape her, but Will frees himself and they fight. Stewart is shot to death by Laura. After he returns to normal, Will has a brief moment with Laura and then runs into the forest. Minutes later, Laura shows heightened senses when the police arrive, telling the detective that she can smell vodka on his breath. The final scene is a close-up of her face fading into dark, lupine eyes, and a close up of Will completing his transformation into a full werewolf. 
 Die Hard with a Vengeance (1995)761) John McClane and a Harlem store owner are targeted by German terrorist Simon in New York City, where he plans to rob the Federal Reserve Building. John McClane is now almost a full-blown alcoholic and is suspended from the NYPD. But when a bomb goes off in the Bonwit Teller Department Store the police go insane trying to figure out what's going on. Soon, a man named Simon calls and asks for McClane. Simon tells Inspector Walter Cobb that McClane is going to play a game called "Simon Says". He says that McClane is going to do the tasks he assigns him. If not, he'll set off another bomb. With the help of a Harlem electrician, John McClane must race all over New York trying to figure out the frustrating puzzles that the crafty terrorist gives him. But when a bomb goes off in a subway station right by the Federal Reserve (the biggest gold storage in the world) things start to get heated. ahmetkozan John McClane, officer of the NYPD and hero of both the Nakatomi Hostage Crisis and the Dulles International Airport Crisis, must join forces with a Harlem shop owner to prevent Simon, brother of the late Hans Gruber and serial bomber, from stealing billions of dollars worth of gold from the Federal Reserve Building in New York City. rball4042 In New York City, there are some explosions. Someone then calls the police claiming to be the man responsible and says his name is Simon. He wants Detective John McClane to do certain things, thing is McClane is not exactly in good spirits, he's been suspended from the force and is drinking. But Simon insists that's what he wants, McClane is sent to Harlem where he attracts the ire of some of the residents and a repairman named Zeus, helps him. Later Simon calls again and gives McClane his next instructions and wants Zeus to accompany him. Eventually they end up on Wall Street where there's another explosion. That's when the Feds show up and tells McClane who Simon is, a man who has a grudge against McClane. Simon calls and sends McClane on his next task but along the way McClane realizes that Simon is playing them. rcs0411@yahoo.com A man calling himself "Simon" begins a reign of terror in the streets of New York: he threatens to detonate bombs around the city unless Detective John McClane cooperates in a game of "Simon Says". McClane has a bad hangover and a bad attitude, and isn't in the mood for games, especially this one. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> It's a quiet morning in New York City...until a massive bomb explodes in the Bonwit Teller department store, causing several vehicles to flip, and causing several drivers to come to a sudden stop. This throws the NYPD into a frenzy, trying to sort out what's going on. At the station, Inspector Walter Cobb of the NYPD's major case unit gets a call from a man who calls himself Simon. Simon asks for Lieutenant John McClane, and Walter tells Simon that John, who is now an alcoholic, is on suspension. Simon wants John to go to the corner of 138th Street and Amsterdam in Harlem and wear a racist sign. Walter and his fellow officers Joe Lambert, Connie Kowalski, and Ricky Walsh find John, who is now an alcoholic who is seperated from his wife Holly, and they talk to him. Ricky tells Walter that there have been 3 killings in the Red Hook section of Brooklyn in the past two nights, and 14 dump trucks were stolen from a construction yard on Staten Island. John wants to know where the backup is going to be, and Walter tells him that the backup will be on 128th Street, 10 blocks away. John complains that 10 blocks is too far away for the backup to be. Walter tells John that Simon has threatened to detonate another bomb if the police don't do what he says. John wants to know why he's been targeted by Simon, but no one knows why. While John is in Harlem, store owner Zeus Carver rescues John from a black street gang that was beating John up because of the sign. John and Zeus find themselves stuck with each other as Simon continues his antics and forces John and Zeus to work together to do what he tells them, but John and Zeus can't stop one of Simon's bombs from blowing up a subway station. The question now is, is this about revenge on John, or is Simon planning something a lot bigger? Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When a bomb explodes at the Bonwit Teller department store, a man calling himself "Simon" phones Major Case Unit Inspector Walter Cobb at the police station and claims responsibility for the bomb. He orders suspended police officer Lt. John McClane to walk through the middle of Harlem, in his underwear, wearing a sandwich board with the slogan "I hate Niggers" on it. McClane is driven there by Cobb and three other officers. Harlem electrician Zeus Carver spots McClane and tries to get him off the street before he is killed, but a gang of black youths attacks McClane and Carver, who barely escape. Returning to the station, McClane and Carver learn that Simon is likely in possession of several gallons of a bio-chemical agent explosive stolen the night before. Simon calls the station again and demands McClane and Carver put themselves through a series of "games" to prevent any more explosions. McClane is forced to lie to Carver to gain his trust. One of Simon's games require McClane and Carver to travel to the Wall Street subway station, over 70 blocks away, within 30 minutes to stop a bomb on it. Though McClane manages to get aboard the train, identify the bomb, and throw it off the train car, Simon still ignites the bomb, ravaging much of the station but without any fatalities thanks to McClane and Carver. The two are met by FBI agents that have identified Simon as Simon "Peter" Gruber, the brother of Hans Gruber, who was killed by McClane in the first film, and several of his cohorts. During the debriefing, Simon calls into the group and warns that another bomb has been planted in one of New York's City schools, and that any police radio could set it off. As McClane and Carver are forced to complete more games to identify the school, the police organize a massive search of every school, forcing the teams to rely on telephone communications. McClane, while playing at Simon's games, realizes that something is wrong and returns to Wall Street while Carver continues to follow Simon's instructions. McClane finds Simon's men have raided the Federal Reserve Bank through the ruined subway system, making off with $140 billion of gold bullion from the vault, hauling it away in dump trucks. McClane attempts to follow the dump trucks through the aqueduct, but Simon destroys a cofferdam and floods the tunnel; McClane escapes and regroups with Carver. They continue to follow the dump trucks to a tanker, and make a daring attempt to board it, but are quickly caught. At the same time that the police attempt to evacuate the school they think the bomb is in, McClane and Carver find that Simon has instead used the rest of the explosive to rig the tanker to explode, which would send the gold to the bottom of the sea. After Simon leaves, McClane and Carver escape the doomed tanker just before the bomb is detonated. As they regroup with the police and have their wounds tended to, McClane reveals that there was no gold on the ship, as it was replaced with scrap metal, and Simon has likely gotten away. Carver prompts McClane to call his estranged wife Holly, but while on line with her, discovers that an aspirin bottle given to him by Simon identifies a nearby border town in Quebec. McClane leads a raid along with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police on a warehouse where Simon and his men have started to distribute the gold. Simon attempts to escape on a helicopter and shoot down McClane, but McClane is able to fire upon a power line, severing it onto the helicopter and destroying it. Carver joins McClane and convinces him to finish his call to Holly at a nearby pay phone. 
 Virtuosity (1995)321) When a virtual reality simulation created using the personalities of multiple serial killers manages to escape into the real world, an ex-cop is tasked with stopping its reign of terror. The Law Enforcement Technology Advancement Centre (LETAC) has developed SID version 6.7: a Sadistic, Intelligent, and Dangerous virtual reality entity which is synthesized from the personalities of more than 150 serial killers. LETAC would like to train police officers by putting them in VR with SID, but they must prove the concept by using prisoners as test subjects. One such prisoner is ex-cop Parker Barnes. When SID manages to inject his personality into a nano-machine android, it appears that Barnes might be the only one who can stop him. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lt. Parker Barnes (Washington) and another officer, Donavan, step off of a subway car. Their surroundings appear to be glitching as they run down a crowded city street. Donavan is not sure of where he is going, but Parker runs confidently into a Japanese structure. Donavan asks what they are looking for, and Barnes replies that they will know when they find a man with eyes like his own. They see a man (Crowe) sitting behind a screen, and they begin firing upon him. He jumps out of the way and grabs a gun of his own to return the fire. The foe snidely knocks out his partner and promises to return for Barnes. Barnes searches for him inside the building, but the man is able to surprise him and injures his arm. As Barnes recovers, the man taunts him, until Barnes is able to successfully shoot him in the arm. Unfortunately, the villain cheats and is able to gain the upper hand. The men disappear from the scene, and is is shown that they are in a virtual reality mechanism and in peril. The men are going into shock, and Donavan dies. Wallace (Fichtner) and Elizabeth Deane (Fletcher) oversee the whole thing and argue about the failsafes before driving away. Parker claims again that the man, SID 6.7, cheated. He was not supposed to be able to electrocute people, as he found out by checking the database. The police chief, William Cochran (Forsythe) tells Barnes that he is trying to get him out of prison sooner, but all he wants is chalk. He then reprimands him for shooting another person within the program, but Barnes said that he wasn't real and he didn't want to end up like Donavan. Barnes then goes back to his automated prison cell, where it is revealed that he has a metal arm. He is forced to walk through a hall with many doors and people that are booing. A man emerges and attacks him with a knife, but Barnes wins handily and is dragged away by guards. Daryl Lidenmeyer (Spinelli), the program creator, approaches SID and tells him that he knows that he is the one that deactivated the protocols. SID says that killing was a real rush and refuses to be shut down. He says that in order to continue operations, Lidenmeyer needed to sacrifice his queen. A therapist, Madison Carter (Lynch), comes in to give a psychological evaluation on Barnes. He claims that he was defending himself in the fight yesterday, and subtly mocks her. She reveals that she was watching his simulation yesterday to research a book that she was writing. He tells her that he knew that SID was in the restaurant due to the :) on the building. She states that they need to talk about Matthew Grimes, the man who killed his wife and daughter and took his arm. She claimed they needed to make sure that his act of violence wouldn't ever happen again, to which he replied that it couldn't because his family was already dead. The scene cuts back to the testing lab where a woman in a robe is flirting with a man named Clyde (OConnor). She strips down to her underwear and begs him to come inside the program. Lidenmeyer approaches behind him and terminates the program, and offers to combine their technology of nanobots and AI to bring Sheila, the girl program, to life. Clyde agrees and goes to set up the necessary materials, while Lidenmeyer activates SID instead. SID begins flirting with Sheila, until Lidenmeyer deactivates him and takes out his module. He follows Clyde down to his lab where he shows him the nanotechnology that allows him to rebuild a part of a snake using glass. Clyde drops SIDs module, which he believes to be Sheilas, into a blue substance. Parker lies on the floor of his cell with his chalk, and has flashbacks of his family. SID is able to emerge from a shell into a nano body of his own. He immediately kills Clyde, and searches for Daryl who has fled out of fear. SID chops off his own finger and watches it regrow. The police chief vouches for Barnes to be able to catch SID out on the streets. They offer him a full pardon if he is able to catch SID in the real world, but he would be tracked for the rest of his life. He mocks them for thinking he would agree to be treated like an animal for their mistakes. However, allows them to place the microchip into his head. Carter says that she would like to go with Parker and threatens to go public if denied. Barnes dislikes the idea of Carter going with him, and he states that he is not responsible for her if anything happens. She suggests that they start by investigating earlier models of SID to figure out his motives. SID dresses himself in a suit in a room that contain the bodies of Mr. and Mrs. Henry Edwards. Barnes and Carter arrive at the scene to see the decapitates bodies and a message scrolled on the walls. They determine that SID is copycatting murders; starting with the Manson murders. They go back to the building where they can run the earlier SID programs and learn that he is composed of almost 200 different murderers. Barnes is horrified to learn that one of these murders is Matthew Grimes. Carter comes back to her house to see her daughter, Karin (Cuoco), and Barnes cringes watching her. She calls Cochran to ask why Grimes would have attacked Barnes's family, when he was a political activist. Barnes was getting too close to his plans, so he kidnapped his family to throw him off. Karin approaches Barnes's car and they make small talk about baseball. (Simultaneously) SID goes to a club where people in leather are dancing and taking photographs. He approaches the main woman in leather, and then shoots the head off an automated bartender. He forces everyone down to the ground, shoots a man trying to run, and forces a woman to film him. Barnes picks up the news of SID's hostage situation and drives there with Carter. SID is recording peoples screams and cries to make a symphony. Parker leaves his vehicle to rush onto the scene. SID shoots four cops who come inside, and he alerts everyone that they are almost out of time. Parker arrives and empties his entire mag into SIDs back, who leaps onto an elevator, flicks him off, and escapes in a cop car. Parker jumps onto the hood of the car and shoots it as it races away. Carter follows and picks him up to chase him. SID eats the glass from the broken windshield to patch himself back back up. He giggles and crashes into cars along the road, while taunting Barnes through the police radio. He gets out and stands on top of the car and jumps over the side of the bridge. Wallace complains to Deane about having to destroy the future of nanotechnology. Cochran scolds Barnes for shooting Sid that many times in a populated area. Deane, Barnes, Cochran, and Wallace discover that he is evolving into something new. SID walks through an electronics store and changes every TV to the news coverage of his attack from the previous night. A man switches the channel to watch his wrestling program, so SID breaks his neck while someone records on a camcorder. Carter and Barnes arrive at the store and discover that SID has probably gone to the wrestling match, due to the enormous number of people. The crew up in the control room have been slaughtered, unbeknownst to the crowd who is still cheering. SID flirts with a beautiful woman in the crowd and throws her boyfriend on the bottom floor. He backflips onto the floor and then into the ring, before spotting Parker in the audience and running out of the stadium. Parker chases him out of the building and onto a light rail. SID holds up a woman in front of him and taunts him while the rail pulls away. Barnes shoots anyway and the hostage falls down dead, and SID rides away on the train. The police put Parker in the back of a van to return him to prison. Parker tells Carter that SID is now mocking him with Grimess catchphrase; "This ones for you Parker", before killing someone. Carter checks the body and finds out that the woman was shot from the back, so Parker couldn't have killed him. She realizes that SID is trying to set him up and tells Cochran, but he doesn't believe her. Barnes is sitting in the van and has another flashback about his family. In it, Grimes is being interviewed by a reporter and spots Parker sneaking in through a window. Parker hears cries and rushes to find his wife and daughter locked up in a room with a bomb. They beg him to help them, but when he enters the room, a motion sensor sets the bomb off, killing them both and blowing off Barnes's arm. Barnes rushes in and kills Grimes's henchman and finally Grimes. The reporter and cameraman approached him from the back, and he turned around shooting blindly and killed them. Back in the van, SID arrives and talks to him through the grates.Then he opens the back of the van and throws Barnes the key. He reveals that the microchip in Barnes's head has the capability of killing him in 30 seconds, and then frames him for killing two guards before disappearing. Barnes calls Carter to let her know hes with his family. Carter then calls Cochran who now believes that Barnes is innocent. She also tells him about the neurotoxin in the microchip. Wallace readies the satellite for the activation of the toxin, but Cochran busts in and destroys the machines. Carter finds Barnes at his family's grave and they rush off to try to stop SID from his next demonstration at the largest television event ever. While people on the street are chanting about borders and guns, SID kills the men in the sound booth and tweaks controls to project Death TV. He then shoots a man in the head on camera. He states that he can do any kind of killing that the viewers want to see, but his first victim will be Karin Carter, Madison's daughter. Madison begins crying hysterically, so Barnes promises to find her, but she needs to find a way to cut off all phone lines to the building. SID states that Karin will be blown up in two hours, and the viewer number continues to rise. Barnes is spotted by the police, but escapes the gunfire by entering an elevator. Lidenmeyer returns from hiding, but Carter pistol whips him across the face. SID puts a gun in a man named Ed's mouth, but releases him when the phone lines go dead. Barnes arrives and shoots SID many times, but he escapes through the ceiling. They exchange gunfire, and a helicopter threatens Barnes. Barnes shoots SID multiple times and they fight on the rooftops, before crashing into a glass building with glass sheets. The shards stuck through SID's body and separate his limbs. Barnes believes that he is incapacitated, and gets very close to him. However, SID grabs Parker and attempts to impale him, as well, while regenerating his arms and legs. Parker punches through SID's head and grabs the module; effectively disabling the antagonist. Carter walks in with Lidenmeyer, who states that Barnes has now ruined his chances of finding Karin. Parker stares into the module and relives the moment before the crash through the wall. However, this time, SID wins and throws Barnes over the wall and onto the pavement. Carter approaches SID who kidnaps her and takes her to her daughter. It is revealed that this time, Barnes and Madison are within the virtual reality mechanism, but SID does not realize this. SID flirts with Madison against a building that holds Karin. Daryl kills Cochran with a tire lever, which traps Barnes inside the simulation. SID sends Barnes into sensory overload in an attempt to kill him, so Madison shoots Daryl to help Barnes out of the mechanism. Barnes punches Wallace and unplugs SID, then tells Carter that they are going to save her daughter. Barnes avoids the booby traps by climbing in the fan in the top, but realizes that Karin is sitting on a press switch, so he cannot move her. Carter tells her daughter to remain very still. Barnes pulls a wire out of his arm and connects to to the computer box and successfully disarms the timer. The bomb squad neutralize the bomb and save the girl. 