nm0011087:

 Five Minutes 'Til Mitch (2004 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Dead Zone (20022019)Summaries Johnny had the perfect life until he was in coma for six years. When he awoke, he found his fiancee married to another man. His son doesn't know him. Everything's changed, including Johnny. With one touch, he can see things. Johnny Smith has been leading an idyllic small-town life. Employed as a science teacher, Johnny takes great pleasure in showing his young students the wonders of the natural world. He is also newly-engaged to a loving fiance named Sarah, a fellow teacher he's known since childhood, and is a good son to his widowed mother, who lives nearby. Johnny's life is nearly perfect, until the day his life is interrupted by a nearly fatal car crash that leaves him in a deep coma. Six years later, Johnny finally regains consciousness and discovers that life as he once knew it has completely changed. His mother has passed away, and Sarah has gone on to marry someone else, and now has a son. But Johnny himself is also not the same person he once was: he now finds himself in possession of amazing psychic powers which allow him to see into the lives of anyone he touches. Now, as Johnny attempts to reacquaint himself with a life he has been away from for six years, he must also begin a quest to come to terms with his new abilities, abilities that may turn out to be both a blessing and a curse. Helping Johnny make a fresh start are his physical trainer Bruce, who also becomes a close friend; his mother's priest, Gene Purdy, who sets up a trust fund for Johnny, but may not be looking out for Johnny's best interests; and Sarah, who must find a way to make Johnny a part of her life again without risking her relationship with her husband and son. Ronos Johnny Smith had the perfect life. Until he was in coma for six years. When he awoke, he found his fiance married to another man. His son doesn't know who he is. Everything's changed. Including Johnny. One touch, he can see things. Things that have happened. Things that will happen. You should see what he sees. James <jamesf98@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Dead Zone (2002 Video)Summaries A young man awakens from a six-year coma with the ability to see into people's futures. Johnny Smith is a high school teacher in love with Sarah Bracknell, a music teacher at the same school. But Johnny is smashed up in a horrendous car accident and slips into a coma that lasts for six years. When he awakens, Sarah has married another man, while his once-latent psychic powers come to flower. He now has visions that reveal things from both the past and the future. And this puts him in the path of a serial killer. J. Spurlin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 NCIS (2003 )44) The cases of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service's Washington, D.C. Major Case Response Team, led by Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs. Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs is the leader of a team of special agents belonging to the NCIS (Naval Criminal Investigative Service) Major Case Response Team. Gibbs, a former Marine, is a tough investigator and a highly skilled interrogator who relies on his gut instinct as much as evidence. Gibbs' second in command is Senior Field Agent Tony DiNozzo, a womanizing, movie-quoting former Baltimore Homicide Detective, who despite being the class clown always gets the job done. The team also consists of probationary field agent Eleanor Bishop, a former NSA agent, as well as Junior Field Agent Timothy McGee, a computer-savvy agent often mocked by DiNozzo. Assisting them are Abby Sciuto, the energetic-but-Goth lab tech who is like a daughter to Gibbs, and Dr. Donald Mallard, nicknamed Ducky, the eccentric medical examiner full of unusual stories. This team of elite agents, based in Washington, D.C., solve criminal cases involving Marine and Navy personnel and their families, sometimes traveling the United States - or the world - to do it. NCIS Lover NCIS (Naval Criminal Investigative Service) is more than just an action drama. With liberal doses of humor, it's a show that focuses on the sometimes complex and always amusing dynamics of a team forced to work together in high-stress situations. NCIS Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs, a former Marine gunnery sergeant whose skills as an investigator are unmatched, leads this troupe of colorful personalities. Gibbs, a man of few words, only needs a look to explain it all. The team includes NCIS Special Agent Timothy McGee, an MIT graduate with a brilliance for computers; NCIS Special Agent Eleanor "Ellie" Bishop, a mysterious mixture of analytic brilliance, fierce determination and idealism who specializes in international threat assessment and global preparation; the charismatic, unpredictable and resilient NCIS Special Agent Nicholas "Nick" Torres, who has spent most of his career on solo undercover assignments; and NCIS Special Agent Jacqueline "Jack" Sloane, who built her reputation as the agency's premier forensic psychologist and enjoys challenging Gibbs. Assisting the team as the NCIS Historian is retired medical examiner Dr. Donald "Ducky" Mallard, who knows it all because he's seen it all; Ducky's protg, the nave Jimmy Palmer, who graduated from assistant to fully licensed medical examiner and now runs the morgue and Forensic Scientist Kasie Hines, Ducky's former graduate assistant who impressed Gibbs with her keen forensic skills during a critical time for the team. Overseeing operations is NCIS Director Leon Vance, an intelligent, highly trained agent who can always be counted on to shake up the status quo. From murder and espionage to terrorism and stolen submarines, these special agents investigate all crimes with Navy or Marine Corps ties. CBS The series follows the work of the Major Case Response Team, stationed in Washington, D.C. Supervised by Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs, a former Marine Gunnery Sergeant, and a thrice-divorced widower. The MCRT are the primary law enforcement and counterintelligence arm of the United States Department of the Navy, which includes the United States Marine Corps. NCIS investigates all major criminal offenses (felonies)-for example, crimes punishable under the Uniform Code of Military Justice by confinement of more than one year-within the Department of the Navy. The team specializes in crime scene examination, and the investigation of murders of Navy and Marine Corps personnel. Gibbs' team has included Caitlin Todd, who earned her stripes protecting the President as a member of the Secret Service; Anthony DiNozzo, a former Baltimore detective; Timothy McGee, a computer specialist and M.I.T. graduate; Eleanor Bishop, a former NSA security analyst and threat assessment specialist; Nicholas Torres, an undercover operative; Alexandra Quinn, a training officer who supervised the recruitment of Bishop and Torres; Ziva David, a former Mossad assassin; and Dr Jack Sloane, a no-nonsense senior agent and trained operational psychologist. Primarily dealing with cases along the East Coast, and acting under the supervision of successive NCIS Directors Jenny Shepard and Leon Vance, the team is supported by Abigail Sciuto, a forensic specialist; Kasie Hines, a forensic scientist; Jimmy Palmer, an Assistant Medical Examiner turned Chief Medical Examiner; Donald "Ducky" Mallard, a seasoned Chief Medical Examiner and NCIS Historian; and Clayton Reeves, an MI-6 officer assigned to liaise with NCIS from the SIS. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 