nm0008567:

 La septima puerta (2004 )Summaries Jenny Candela and Toms Cabal Amado are two journalists who are looking for news of paranormal and terrifying events. Whenever something abnormal was presented they would go to the scene to investigate and solve cases that are not very eventual in everyday life such as ghost appearances, strange noises, strange movements, and many more supernatural things. Everything becomes so difficult that they need someone else, and that's when Luisa Zapata arrives and is hired, since then abnormalities begin to appear in medical hospitals, mental hospitals and asylums, in old houses, caves and lonely places, to find facts to be solved. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Francisco the Mathematician (19992017)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zona rosa (2007 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 La Venganza (20022003)Summaries Helena Fontana has a heart condition that claims her life after observing a scene between her husband Luis Miguel and her sister Grazzia on their wedding. Meanwhile Valentina, a female boxer who takes part in illegal fights for the mobster Fernando Valerugo is fatally hit on the ring. Somehow Helena's soul inhabits Valentina's body. Now Helena gets the chance to get even with those who betrayed her. But embarking on this journey, Helena will unveil many secrets including that her daughter, who was assumed dead is actually alive. Lara Cain It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 