nm0000136:

 Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (2005)651) A young boy wins a tour through the most magnificent chocolate factory in the world, led by the world's most unusual candy maker. When Willy Wonka decides to let five children into his chocolate factory, he decides to release five golden tickets in five separate chocolate bars, causing complete mayhem. The tickets start to be found, with the fifth going to a very special boy, called Charlie Bucket. With his Grandpa, Charlie joins the rest of the children to experience the most amazing factory ever. But not everything goes to plan within the factory. FilmFanUK Dreaming of seeing the inside of the exceptional chocolatier Willy Wonka's intriguing candy factory, more than anything else, the impecunious but honest boy with a heart of gold, Charlie Bucket, yearns to get the chance to meet his idol in person. Before long, a worldwide contest organised by Willy himself will set the stage for the adventure of a lifetime, as the world's greatest chocolate-maker announces that the fortunate boy or girl who comes up with one of out of five rare golden passes hidden in his famous and scrumptious Wonka Bars, will win a free tour of the factory, and a lifetime supply of chocolate. By some miracle, Charlie, who only has enough money to buy one chocolate bar a year, finds the last fifth ticket, and, alongside with his beloved Grandpa Joe, and four other equally lucky children and their chaperones, set foot in cryptic Willy Wonka's remarkable world of chocolate. Of course, only one kid gets to win the grand prize. Can Charlie pass Wonka's final test? Nick Riganas Charlie Bucket comes from a poor family, and spends most of his time dreaming about the chocolate that he loves but usually can't afford. Things change when Willy Wonka, head of the very popular Wonka Chocolate empire, announces a contest in which five gold tickets have been hidden in chocolate bars and sent throughout the country. The kids who find the tickets will be taken on a tour of Wonka's chocolate factory and get a special glimpse of the wonders within. Charlie miraculously finds a ticket, along with four other children much naughtier than him. The tour of the factory will hold more than a few surprises for this bunch. rmlohner Charlie Bucket is a young boy who comes from a poor but loving family and would love nothing more than to find a golden ticket to enter the amazing chocolate factory run by inventor and owner Willy Wonka. As luck would have it, Charlie finds the last golden ticket and goes on this once-in-a-lifetime adventure with his grandpa Joe. Among the other four winners are Veruca Salt, a spoiled rich girl; Augustus Gloop, a gluttonous kid who stuffs his face with sweets; Violet Beuragarde, a champion trophy gum chewer; and Mike Teavee, a kid who spends more time watching TV and playing video games than anything else. Most fascinating is the mysterious Willy Wonka who in turn had a troubled childhood and has a special grand prize at the end for one of the kids. Also along the tour are Wonka's staff the singing, working Oommpa Loompas. van_whistler@hotmail.co.uk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins by introducing us to Charlie Bucket (Freddie Highmore) and his family, who live in a crooked little house in the shadows of the Wonka chocolate factory. One evening, Charlie's Grandpa Joe (David Kelly) tells Charlie how he used to work, twenty years ago, for the eponymous Willy Wonka (Johnny Depp). Wonka was a genius confectioner, whose candies were so profitable that demand shot through the roof, and in no time, he graduated from running a single corner store to building a massive factory fifty times the size of any others out there. Wonka's success didn't come without its downfalls. For one, he had to deal with eccentric clients, such as an Indian prince who commissioned Wonka to build him a palace made entirely out of chocolate...which then melted under the heat of a sunny day. At home, Wonka found himself dealing with industrial espionage, as competing candy manufacturers, envious of Wonka's success, began sending spies in to steal his trade secrets. Wonka, frustrated, shut down the factory and laid off everyone who worked there. But then, a few years later, the factory mysteriously started producing chocolate, but no one has seen who is running the factory, or what has become of Willy Wonka. The day after Grandpa Joe's story, motorcycle riders from Wonka's factory distribute flyers all over town. Wonka has decided to hold a contest to invite five lucky children to see the inner workings of his factory. The five winners will be those who find the Golden Tickets, which he's personally inserted into five Wonka chocolate bars around the world. One of the five children, he promises, will receive "an extra prize, beyond their wildest imagination." The world breaks out in chaos as children go hunting for the tickets, clearing the shelves at every candy store that sells Wonka products. Eventually, four of them are found. The first ticket is found by Augustus Gloop (Philip Wiegratz) of Dusseldorf, Germany. He is a gluttonous eater who eats several candy bars a day, and actually bit off part of his Golden Ticket before he realized he'd won. His mother praises his appetite for helping find the ticket. The second ticket is won by Veruca Salt (Julia Winter), the spoiled daughter of a wealthy English family whose fortune has been made shelling peanuts. Her ticket was found by laborers at her father's factory, who were commissioned to unwrap Wonka bars that Mr. Salt purchased in bulk until the ticket was found. The third ticket is found by Violet Beauregarde (AnnaSophia Robb) of Atlanta, Georgia, a champion in many different things, and urged on in her competitiveness by her mother, though her main love is chewing gum. Her drive to be the best, leads her to believe that she is sure to win Wonka's "special prize", seeing it as a competition. The fourth ticket is found by Mike Teavee (Jordan Fry) of Denver, Colorado. A video-game obsessed young boy, he discovered his ticket using a scientific theory and process of elimination (even though he hates chocolate). The quest for the Golden Tickets has unintended consequences that hurt closer to home for Charlie. His father (Noah Taylor) works at the local Smilex factory, screwing the caps onto tubes of toothpaste, and collecting imperfect ones on the side for Charlie to build a model of the Wonka factory. The upswing in candy sales causes a rise in toothpaste sales, leading to the factory to automate their assembly line, replacing Mr. Bucket with an automated robot that does his job in half the time. One day, while walking in town, Charlie overhears two men telling how someone has found the fifth ticket. As he wanders off, upset, he finds a monetary note in the snow, and using it, goes to a store to buy a Wonka bar. While purchasing the bar, he overhears another woman putting down a newspaper revealing that the supposed fifth Golden Ticket was actually the result of a scammer. As Charlie unwraps his Wonka bar, he falls silent realizing that he's just found the last Golden Ticket. A few adults offer to buy it from him, but the shopkeeper scolds them, and tells Charlie to rush home right away. When Charlie returns home, Grandpa Joe is overjoyed, and per the rules on the ticket, eagerly wishes to be Charlie's parental guardian for the tour (which is happening the next day). Charlie is at first against this, given he feels he could sell the ticket and get money for things the family needs. However, Grandpa George (David Morris) convinces Charlie that he has something very valuable, and shouldn't give it up for them. The next day, Charlie and Grandpa Joe head to the factory gates, along with the other winners. Augustus and Violet are accompanied by their mothers, and Veruca and Mike are accompanied by their fathers. They are soon ushered into the factory's main courtyard, and up to the front doors...which part, revealing a number of animatronic dolls that sing a song about Willy Wonka...before sparklers go off and start a fire, destroying the show. As the fire subsides, Wonka appears from the side and gives them an orientation speech. He then leads them all into his factory, inviting them into a room he dubs "The Chocolate Room." It is essentially an edible forest, where Wonka encourages his guests to enjoy themselves. As they partake in the numerous candies, Veruca spots some little people nearby doing labor, getting the attention of everyone else. Wonka explains that these are his workers, the Oompa Loompas (Deep Roy). They came from a place called Loompa Land, where they lived in constant fear of being eaten by various wild creatures. Wonka stumbled upon them while wandering into their forests trying to find new exotic flavors for his candies. He was disgusted by their diet of mashed up caterpillars, but found something in common with their leader when he found out that their culture revered the cocoa bean, the root ingredient to the production of chocolate. This allowed him to make a deal where he convinced the Oompa Loompas to come work for him in the factory in exchange for getting all the cocoa beans they wanted. Things go awry right there as Augustus begins trying to drink chocolate directly from the chocolate river that runs through the room. Wonka tries to get him to stop, but Augustus doesn't listen and falls in. He's then drawn into and sucked up a pipe that extracts chocolate to the section of the factory where Wonka's fudge is made. Due to his girth, he gets stuck in the pipe, causing a blockage. As the tour group stands there, bewildered and concerned, the Oompa Loompas gather around the pipe and perform a Bollywood dance number about Augustus's gluttony and greed (which Veruca's father thinks is rather rehearsed). At the conclusion of the number, Augustus tries to wiggle himself free, causing the pressure to change allowing him to be shot the rest of the way up the pipe and off to the fudge room. Wonka has some of the Oompa Loompas take Augustus's mother off to the fudge room to recover him. As Mrs. Gloop leaves the tour, the sound of deep drums reveals a huge pink viking boat, with several dozen Oompa Loompas rowing. The group boards the boat, which takes them down the river and leads them into some darkened tunnels, leading to other parts of the factory. During the trip, Wonka is revealed to have a bunch of personal issues stemming from his strained relationship with his father, the overly strict Dr. Wilbur Wonka (Christopher Lee). Wilbur forbid young Willy from ever eating candy, and would regularly throw away any candy he got for Halloween. Eventually, the boat stops at the door to a place called the Inventing Room. Wonka explains that this is where a lot of his candy formulas are tested before being released to the public. Among his new products he's testing out are Everlasting Gobstoppers, and a product called Hair Toffee that's supposed to reverse hair loss, but is still not quite yet up to snuff (since the Oompa Loompa who's tested it has instead grown out a huge carpet of hair, covering his entire body). Leading them over to a strange contraption, the group is surprised when it activates and produces a small stick of gum. Wonka explains that it contains a three-course meal, and Violet eagerly wants to chew it, against Wonka's protests. As it turns out, Wonka had a reason for warning Violet not to try the gum out, because once the piece of gum reaches the dessert portion of blueberry pie and ice cream, Violet begins having a negative reaction. Her skin begins to turn purple in color, and then she swells up into a giant, 10-foot blueberry. Some Oompa Loompas emerge and perform a Michael Jackson-style dance number as they roll her back to the boat and take her and her mother to another room to squeeze the juice out of her. The group, now down to Charlie, Mike and Veruca, then heads off to another room. Mike expresses concerns over why Wonka would make gum if he hates it, while Charlie inadvertedly pokes at Wonka's childhood memories when asking him about the first candy he ever tried. Soon, they arrive at the Nut Room, where trained squirrels shell walnuts around the clock. Veruca squees at the site of the squirrels, and insists on getting one for herself. When Wonka denies this request, Veruca goes down onto the factory floor to get one. However, she is soon set upon by the squirrels, and after one tests her head, she is declared "a bad nut," and tossed down the garbage chute in the center of the room. Her father is allowed to go down and retrieve her, but as the Oompa-Loompas appear to sing a Beatles-style song about Veruca, a squirrel pushes Mr Salt down the hole too. There is the fear that the incinerator may be lit at the bottom of the chute, which subside when Wonka learns from his staff that the incinerator is broken. Wonka, Mike, Charlie, and their guardians are then loaded into the Great Glass Elevator, which shuttles them through the factory's other rooms, including Fudge Mountain (a Matterhorn style mountain where Oompa Loompas mine for fudge), a room where Oompa Loompas shear the wool off pink sheep for cotton candy, the Puppet Hospital & Burn Center (relatively new), and a room where candies are being tested for use in warfare. During this room, Mike Teavee triggers another memory of Wonka's past: it's revealed that Wonka eventually gave up on trying to win his father's approval, and decided to run off to be a chocolatier. When he came back, he found that his father had vanished, along with the rowhouse where they lived. Eventually, Wonka allows Mike to press a button, and they go to the TV room, where Wonka has developed some rather unusual technology. Namely, a machine that transmits an enormous bar of chocolate to a nearby TV and shrinks it down to normal size, and is then taken by Charlie. Wonka proclaims this method could revolutionize television commercials, but Mike is incensed that Wonka has developed a teleporter and not realized it. In a show of defiance, Mike then activates the machine, and is zapped to the television set, now shrunk to the size of a mouse. The Oompa Loompas on TV subject Mike to a heavy metal diss track, before Wonka and Mike's father are able to pull Mike out of the TV. Wonka proposes putting Mike in the taffy-puller to stretch him back to size. After Mr Teavee is led away along with Mike, Willy suddenly realizes that Charlie and Grandpa Joe are the only two guests left, and declares that Charlie is the winner of his contest. The group then board the great glass elevator and Wonka presses a button he's wanted to press for years: Up and Out, which sends them up the tallest chimney in the factory, eventually bursting through the glass and out into the sky over the factory. As they descend, Wonka activates the elevator's boosters, and they get to see the other contestants doing their walk of shame, and showing permanent changes as a result of their experiences. Augustus is now covered in chocolate and his mother has to tell him to stop eating his fingers. Violet has been returned to normal size, but she's now got the flexibility and agility of a gymnast and her skin is permanently turned purple. Veruca and her father are now covered in garbage, with Mr. Salt making clear he will be much more strict with his daughter from now on. Mike, lastly, has been stretched to over eight feet tall and is thin as a rake. Wonka then transports Charlie and Grandpa Joe back to the Buckets' home, where he reveals the "special prize," which is that Charlie will inherit his factory. Due to the realization that he was getting older Willy explains he held the competition to find an heir to take on the task of running his factory, and caring for the Oompa-Loompas. Charlie is eager to accept, but balks when Wonka claims he can't bring his family. The refusal to accept his generous offer, sends Wonka back to his factory, where he ponders on this for a number of days. He eventually finds Charlie, and tries to see if he can help him break out of his lethargy. Charlie claims that his family is what helps him through his troubles, but the idea of "parents" and "families," seems to be something he is unable to grasp. When Charlie recommends Wonka speak to his father, the candy-maker reluctantly agrees to the request (with Charlie volunteering to go with him). They find Wilbur Wonka's residence, though the dentist doesn't recognize his son, until he checks out his teeth. Soon, father and son have reconciled, and Willy offers Charlie the chance to once again become his heir, and accepts the boy's request that his family can come with. The film ends with the Bucket family's home, now transplanted into the factory's Chocolate Room, with Willy Wonka sitting down to dinner with Charlie and his family. 
 Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End (2007)761) Captain Barbossa, Will Turner and Elizabeth Swann must sail off the edge of the map, navigate treachery and betrayal, find Jack Sparrow, and make their final alliances for one last decisive battle. After Elizabeth, Will, and Captain Barbossa rescue Captain Jack Sparrow from the land of the dead, they must face their foes, Davy Jones and Lord Cutler Beckett. Beckett, now with control of Jones' heart, forms a dark alliance with him in order to rule the seas and wipe out the last of the Pirates. Now, Jack, Barbossa, Will, Elizabeth, Tia Dalma, and crew must call the Pirate Lords from the four corners of the globe, including the infamous Sao Feng, to gathering. The Pirate Lords want to release the goddess Calypso, Davy Jones's damned lover, from the trap they sent her to out of fear, in which the Pirate Lords must combine the 9 pieces that bound her by ritual to undo it and release her in hopes that she will help them fight. With this, all pirates will stand together and will make their final stand for freedom against Beckett, Jones, Norrington, the Flying Dutchman, and the entire East India Trading Company. ahmetkozan Elizabeth Swann, Will Turner and Captain Barbossa go to Singapore to get a ship and crew with the despicable Captain Sao Feng to rescue Jack Sparrow from the land of the dead. After many betrayals and deals, they summon the nine pirate Captains to gather in the Brethren Court with the intention to release the goddess Calypso from her human body of Tia Delma and face the powerful Davey Jones and Lord Cutler Beckett. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jack Sparrow is trapped in Davy Jones' Locker, when he finds that Will Turner, Barbossa, Elizabeth Swann and Tia Dalma had sailed to World's End to get him back. But while they are doing that, Beckket starts to get his revenge on pirates by using Davy Jones. This leads to a dramatic climax as Tia - who is really Calypso, Davy Jones' lover - unleashed a storm, and the two ships - the Black Pearl and the Flying Dutchman, commanded by Elizabeth (the new pirate "king" thanks to Jack) and Davy Jones respectectly. Adam Hillman After losing Jack Sparrow to the locker of Davy Jones, the team of Will Turner, Elizabeth Swan and Captain Barbossa make their final alliances with the pirate world to take on the forces of Lord Cutler Beckett and his crew, including Davy Jones, who he now has control over. It's not going to be easy, as they must rescue Sparrow, convince all the pirate lords to join them and defeats Beckett, whilst each individual pirate has their own route which they wish to follow. Film_Fan With the East India Trading Company trying to eliminate all the pirates, Barbossa, Will and Elizabeth race to bring back Jack from Davy Jones' Locker so as to bring together all the members of The Brethren Court and launch an attack on the East India Trading Company and Lord Cutler Beckett, who is in possession of the heart of Davy Jones. With everyone having his or her own agenda, who will be the one to stab the heart and live forever to be the captain of the Flying Dutchman? srijanarora-152-448595 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. To increase his and the East India Trading Company's power in the Caribbean, Lord Cutler Beckett executes anyone, including women and children, suspected of or remotely associated with piracy. Beckett, who now possesses Davy Jones's heart, orders Jones to destroy all pirate ships. Condemned prisoners defiantly sing a song to summon the nine pirate lords comprising the (fourth) Brethren Court to convene at Shipwreck Cove and take action against Beckett. However, Captain Jack Sparrow, pirate lord of the Caribbean, never appointed his successor, and therefore must attend. Captain Barbossa leads Will, Elizabeth, Tia Dalma and Black Pearl crewmen to rescue Jack. Sao Feng, pirate lord of the South China Sea and residing in Singapore, possesses a map to World's End, the gateway to Davy Jones' Locker, where Jack is eternally imprisoned. Elizabeth and Barbossa bargain with Feng for the map and a ship, but Feng is furious that Will already attempted to steal it. The British Royal Navy, led by Mercer, acting under orders from Beckett, make a surprise attack on Feng's bathhouse. During the ensuing chaos, Will strikes a bargain with Feng for the Black Pearl in exchange for Sparrow, who Feng wants to turn over to Beckett, presumably for immunity from Davy Jones' attacks on pirates. Will wants the Black Pearl to rescue his father from The Flying Dutchman. The crew journey through a frozen sea and sail over an enormous waterfall into the Locker. Sparrow, trapped aboard the Pearl, constantly hallucinates about an entire crew comprising himself, each representing a different facet of his character. When the Pearl is mysteriously carried to an ocean shore by crab-like creatures (presumably sent by Tia Dalma, since she is seen stroking a crab as the ship moves), Jack is reunited with his old shipmates. He is initially reluctant to rejoin a crew which includes the four people who once attempted to kill him, with one (Elizabeth) succeeding. As the Black Pearl crew seek an escape route, dead souls are seen floating by underwater. Tia Dalma reveals that Davy Jones was appointed by Calypso, Goddess of the Sea and his lover, to ferry the dead to the next world. In return, Jones was allowed to step upon land for one day every ten years to be with his love; but when she failed to meet him, the scorned captain abandoned his duty and transformed into a monster. Elizabeth sees her father, Governor Weatherby Swann's soul pass by in a boat, murdered by Cutler Beckett after Swann became suspicious about the heart. Swann reveals that whoever stabs Jones' heart becomes the Flying Dutchman's immortal captain. A distraught Elizabeth vows revenge. The Black Pearl remains trapped in the Locker until Sparrow deciphers a clue on the map, realizing the ship must be capsized to return to the living world. The ship is overturned at sunset and upturns back into the living world as the sun rises; a green flash marks their return. The crew stop at a small island to restock supplies, they find the carcass of the Kraken (the beast having been killed by Jones on Beckett's orders), where Jack realises just how serious the threat to piracy's existence truly is. Further in, they are ambushed by Sao Feng, who reveals his secret agreement with Will. However, he betrays Will, having made another deal with Cutler Beckett to hand over the crew and keep the Black Pearl. The Endeavor arrives, and Sparrow is taken aboard, although he refuses to divulge to Beckett where the Brethren Court will convene: instead, Jack manufactures a deal to lead Beckett to where the pirates will convene and lure them out for Beckett to destroy, in exchange for Beckett protecting him from Jones. When Feng is double-crossed by Beckett, Feng bargains with Barbossa to release the Pearl in exchange for Elizabeth, who he believes is Calypso trapped in human form. Feng attacks the Endeavor, allowing Jack to escape. Aboard his warship, the Empress, Feng tells Elizabeth that the first Brethren Court trapped Calypso into human form so men could rule the seas. Davy Jones attacks Feng's ship. The mortally wounded Feng appoints Elizabeth as the new captain and the Pirate Lord of the South China Sea. She and the crew are then imprisoned in the Flying Dutchman's brig. Also aboard is Admiral James Norrington, who frees Elizabeth and her crew after regretting his prior actions. They escape to their ship, although Norrington is killed by Will's deranged father, "Bootstrap" Bill after discovering Norrington aiding Elizabeth and her crew's escape. Will leaves a trail of floating corpses for Beckett's ship to follow. Jack catches Will and gives him his magical compass so Beckett can find Shipwreck Cove. Jack then tosses him overboard, but Will is rescued by Beckett's ship, and it is revealed that Davy Jones masterminded Calypso's imprisonment by the first pirate lords. At Shipwreck Island, the nine pirate lords introduce themselves and present the nine pieces of eight. When they are told the reason of the meeting, they disagree over freeing Calypso. Barbossa calls upon Captain Teague Sparrow, Keeper of the Pirata Codex, and Jack's father, to confirm that only a Pirate King can declare war. Elizabeth, newly ordained Pirate Lord of the South China Sea, is elected Pirate King after Sparrows vote for her breaks a stalemate (each pirate lord only voted for themselves). She orders the pirates to go to war against Beckett. During a parley with Beckett and Jones, Elizabeth and Barbossa swap Sparrow for Will. Barbossa tricks the other pirate lords into yielding their "pieces of eight" rank insignias, which he needs to free Calypso, who is bound in human form as Tia Dalma. As Barbossa releases her in a ritual, Will discloses that it was Davy Jones, her lover, who betrayed her to the Brethren Court. Her fury unleashes a violent maelstrom just as the Navy's massive fleet appears on the horizon. During the battle, Sparrow escapes the Flying Dutchman's brig and steals the Dead Man's Chest. Meanwhile, Davy Jones kills Mercer and obtains the key to the chest, which Jack then steals from Jones during a duel. The Black Pearl and the Flying Dutchman face off near the center of the massive maelstrom. Will proposes to Elizabeth, and Captain Barbossa marries them in the midst of battle. Will boards the Flying Dutchman to retrieve the chest, but is mortally wounded by Davy Jones. As Bootstrap Bill attacks Jones, Sparrow, who wanted the heart for his own immortality, places his broken sabre in Will's hand and helps him stab Jones' heart, killing Jones. Jack and Elizabeth escape the Flying Dutchman as the crew carve out the dead Will's heart and places it into the Dead Man's Chest; the ship disappears into the whirlpool. Beckett, never intending to honor his agreement with Jack, moves to attack the Black Pearl. The Dutchman suddenly resurfaces from the depths, with Will as the captain and the crewmen now human. Will and Sparrow aim the Flying Dutchman and the Black Pearl at the Endeavour, destroying it and killing Beckett. The armada retreats in disarray. Although Will has been saved and the Dutchman crew has regained their humanity, he is bound to sail the sea as the Dutchman's captain. Will and Elizabeth have one day together where they consummate their marriage on an island. Will departs at sunset, but first gives Elizabeth the Dead Man's Chest for safekeeping. Shortly after, Barbossa again commandeers the Black Pearl, stranding Jack and Gibbs in Tortuga. Having anticipated Barbossa's deception, however, Sparrow has already removed the map's middle that leads to the Fountain of Youth. In a post-credits scene set ten years later, Elizabeth and her and Will's nine-year old son stand atop a seacliff; a green flash fills the sky. The Flying Dutchman appears on the horizon with Will Turner aboard, sailing towards his family. In the DVD commentary, the screenwriters state that because Elizabeth remained faithful to Will for the interim 10 years, and he fulfilled his duty to ferry souls to the next world, he is freed from the Flying Dutchman. Though the "Pirates Secrets Revealed" leaflet insert in the DVD release says that Will is bound forever to the Flying Dutchman and may only step on land once every ten years, this may only be a misconception on Disney's part. 
 Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street (2007)761) The legendary tale of a barber who returns from wrongful imprisonment to 1840s London, bent on revenge for the rape and death of his wife, and resumes his trade while forming a sinister partnership with his fellow tenant, Mrs. Lovett. In the Victorian London, the barber Benjamin Barker is married to the gorgeous Lucy and they have a lovely child, Johanna. The beauty of Lucy attracts the attention of the corrupt Judge Turpin, who falsely accuses the barber of a crime that he did not commit and abuses Lucy later after gaining custody of her. After fifteen years in exile, Benjamin returns to London under the new identity of Sweeney Todd, seeking revenge against Turpin. He meets the widow Mrs. Lovett who is the owner of a meat pie shop who tells him that Lucy swallowed arsenic many years ago, and Turpin assigned himself tutor of Johanna. He opens a barber shop above her store, initiating a crime rampage against those who made him suffer and lose his beloved family. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Benjamin Barker, arguably the most accomplished barber in all Victorian London, is married to the pretty Lucy, the two who have an infant daughter, Johanna. Lusting after Lucy, a sadistic judge named Turpin wrongfully has Barker sent to prison in Australia so that he can have Lucy to himself. Fifteen years later, Barker, who has rechristened himself Sweeney Todd, returns to London to seek revenge by killing Turpin and his accomplice Beadle Bamford, using the instruments of his trade to slit their throats. Below Todd's old barber shop is now a meat pie shop run by Mrs. Lovett, who admits to making the worst meat pies in London. She tells Todd that Lucy poisoned herself after being raped by Turpin, and that Johanna, now a young woman, is Turpin's ward. Johanna and a young honorable sailor named Anthony Hope, who Todd met sailing into London, have fallen in love with each other from afar. Much like his feelings for Lucy, Turpin lusts after Johanna and wants to marry her, and thus he will do whatever he needs to to get Anthony out of the way. Back at the barber shop, Todd changes his plans for revenge solely on Turpin and Beadle out of circumstance, which includes an encounter with a rival barber named Adolfo Pirelli and a close encounter with Turpin himself. Including Turpin and Beadle, Todd's revenge is now directed at all mankind that has wronged him. Todd is helped in his new endeavor by Mrs. Lovett, who has an interesting role in their collective scheme. Todd may reconsider his new collaboration with Mrs. Lovett if he were to learn her true motivations. Huggo A barber named Benjamin Barker had a beautiful wife named Lucy and an infant daughter named Johanna. A corrupt judge named, Turpin accuses Benjamin of a false crime. After years of exile, he comes to London to seek vengeance from judge Turpin. He founds his shop on top of a meat-pie shop and the shop's owner, Mrs. Lovett tells him that Turpin had taken his daughter and his wife had suicided due to Turpin's greed for her. Now, Benjamin slits throats of his customers and sends their corpses in the basement using a mechanism which was made by himself. The corpses are turned into meat-pies. All what he needs is to convince Turpin of getting a shave and slit his throat to avenge his wife's incident. ahmetkozan After hard years in exile for a crime he didn't commit, Benjamin Barker, now Sweeney Todd, returns to London to find his wife dead and his daughter in the hands of the evil Judge Turpin. In his anger, Sweeney goes on a murderous rampage on all London. With the help of Mrs. Lovett, he opens a barber shop in which he lures his victims with a charming smile before casually ending their lives with a flick of his razor across their necks. But not one man nor ten thousand men killed can satisfy Sweeney's lust for vengeance on those who've caused his years of pain. O.G. Returning back to London after his wife and daughter were been stolen by Judge Turpin, Benjamin Barker adopts the name Sweeney Todd and relocates his barber business to the top of Mrs. Lovett's pie shop. Todd wants his revenge on the man who has now adopted his daughter and works with Mrs. Lovett on an evil plan. Todd will slice the throats of the unsuspecting public while giving them a shave. These bodies are then turned into Mrs. Lovett's new meat pies. With this plan being successful, all Todd needs to do now is try to convince the Judge to sit in his chair. FilmFanUK Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Benjamin Barker (Johnny Depp), a skilled barber, is falsely charged and sentenced to a life of hard labor in Australia by the corrupt Judge Turpin (Alan Rickman), who lusts after Barker's wife Lucy (Laura Michelle Kelly). Now under the assumed name "Sweeney Todd", Barker returns to London with sailor Anthony Hope (Jamie Campbell Bower). At his old Fleet Street lodgings above Mrs. Nellie Lovett's (Helena Bonham Carter) pie shop, he discovers that Lucy, having been raped by Turpin, has poisoned herself, and his teenage daughter Johanna (Jayne Wisener) is now Turpin's ward, and like her mother before her, is the object of his unwanted affections. Nellie has kept Todd's silver barber knives hidden in the Barkers' old room, which is supposedly haunted. Todd vows revenge, reopening his barber shop in the upstairs flat. While roaming London, Anthony spots Johanna and falls in love with her, but is ejected from the Judge's house by Turpin and his associate, Beadle Bamford (Timothy Spall). Far from being discouraged, the sailor becomes determined that the pair will elope. Meanwhile, Todd, during a visit to the marketplace, denounces a fraudulent hair tonic by faux-Italian barber Adolfo Pirelli (Sacha Baron Cohen), and later humiliates him in a public shaving contest. Pirelli and his boy assistant Toby (Ed Sanders) visit Todd's barbershop; Lovett keeps Toby occupied downstairs, while in the parlor Pirelli reveals himself to be Todd's former assistant and attempts to blackmail him into paying him half of Todd's earnings or he will reveal Todd's real identity. Instead of giving Pirelli a pay off Todd murders him to protect the secret of his true identity. Turpin, intending to propose to Johanna, pays a visit to Todd's parlor to groom himself into Johanna's ideal suitor. Recognizing his tormentor, Todd relaxes the judge while preparing to slit his throat. Before he can do so, they are interrupted by Anthony, who, unaware of Turpin's presence, bursts in and reveals his plan to elope with Johanna. Turpin leaves enraged, vowing to never return. His plan thwarted, Todd has an epiphany, and decides to vent his murderous rage upon his customers while waiting for another chance to kill Turpin. He is indiscriminate about his victims he believes that he is punishing the corrupt aristocracy for their exploitation of those below them and, at the same time, saving the lower classes from their misery. Lovett becomes his willing accomplice, suggesting they dispose of the bodies by baking them into pies to improve her business. Todd enthusiastically agrees, and rigs his barber's chair with a pedal-operated mechanism, which deposits his victims through a trap door into Lovett's bakehouse. As the weeks pass, Todd's murders accumulate (although he is shown sparing a man who brings his wife and daughter). Meanwhile, Anthony begins to search for Johanna, who was sent by Turpin to Fogg's insane asylum as punishment for her refusal to marry him. The barbering and pie-making business prospers financially, and Lovett takes in young Toby. Anthony finally discovers Johanna's whereabouts and, following Todd's plan, poses as a wig-maker's apprentice, allowing him access to the asylum to put a rescue plan into action. As Anthony is given a short tour of the asylum, he becomes aware that his guide has been using the female inmates for his own profit; after freeing Johanna, he chooses to lock the guide in with the inmates, who fall upon him with murderous intent. Todd's motive for assisting is to lure Turpin back to the barber shop, and he sends Toby to the courthouse to let the judge know where he will find Johanna. Toby has become wary of Todd, and when he returns he tells Lovett of his distrust, unaware of her complicity in his crimes. He promises to protect Mrs. Lovett, whom he has come to love as a surrogate mother. Beadle Bamford arrives at the barber shop and is murdered by Todd, and Lovett informs Todd of Toby's suspicions. The pair search for Toby, whom Lovett has locked in the basement bakehouse to keep him out of the way. He is nowhere to be found, having hidden in the sewers after seeing the Beadle's body drop into the room from the trapdoor above, as well as finding fingers in a pie, clothing and body parts in a fireplace. Meanwhile, Anthony brings a disguised Johanna to the shop, where she hides herself in a trunk in a corner of the room. An insane beggar woman who has been pestering Todd, Lovett and Anthony throughout the film now makes her way into the shop. As Todd enters, she claims that she recognizes him. Just then, Turpin's voice is heard. Todd quickly slits the beggar woman's throat and deposits her body through the trap door. As Turpin enters, Todd lies to him that Johanna had repented, and offers a free shave. Todd then reveals his true identity and stabs Turpin in the neck numerous times before finally slitting his throat and dropping him through the trap door. As Johanna peeks out of the trunk, Todd spots her and prepares to slit her throat as well, not recognizing her as his daughter. A scream from Lovett diverts him to the basement, where she tells him that Turpin had still been alive and tried to grab at her dress before bleeding to death. Viewing the corpses in the light of the bakehouse fire, Todd discovers that the beggar woman was his wife, Lucy, whom he had believed to be dead based on Lovett's account of the poisoning. Todd realizes that Lovett knew Lucy was alive. Lovett points out that she never said Lucy died; and, after attempting to convince Sweeney that she misled him for his own good, she confesses she lied because she loves him and would be a better wife than Lucy ever was. Todd forgives her, waltzing maniacally with her around the bakehouse before hurling her into the open oven. He watches her burn as he shuts the oven door and locks it. He returns to Lucy and cradles her dead body as Toby emerges from the sewer, picks up the discarded razor, sneaks up behind the barber, and slits Todd's throat (Todd appears to hear him, but he simply raises his neck, and allows Toby to kill him.) The film ends with Todd bleeding over his dead wife as Toby walks away. 
 Pirates of the Caribbean: The Curse of the Black Pearl (2003)761) Blacksmith Will Turner teams up with eccentric pirate "Captain" Jack Sparrow to save his love, the governor's daughter, from Jack's former pirate allies, who are now undead. This swash-buckling tale follows the quest of Captain Jack Sparrow, a savvy pirate, and Will Turner, a resourceful blacksmith, as they search for Elizabeth Swann. Elizabeth, the daughter of the governor and the love of Will's life, has been kidnapped by the feared Captain Barbossa. Little do they know, but the fierce and clever Barbossa has been cursed. He, along with his large crew, are under an ancient curse, doomed for eternity to neither live, nor die. That is, unless a blood sacrifice is made. the lexster When Captain Barbossa sends his pirate crew to kidnap Elizabeth Swan and the last remaining piece of Aztec gold. A blacksmith called Will Turner joins a recently captured pirate named Jack Sparrow and goes off searching for Elizabeth. It's isn't until they all meet up, that they discover the real terrifying truth behind the Aztec gold, and why they need Will Turner and not Elizabeth Swan. Film_Fan William Turner, a resourceful young blacksmith, teams up with the eccentric pirate "Captain" Jack Sparrow to save his love, the Governor's daughter, Elizabeth Swann, who has been mistakenly captured by the clever and treacherous Barbossa, a former ally of Jack, to make a blood sacrifice so as to end the curse that has been casted upon him and his crew. Will and Jack steal a ship from the Royal Navy and arrive at Tortuga, a pirate port. There Jack meets his friend Joshamee Gibbs and with a buccaneer and "able bodied" crew, set sail to save Elizabeth and take back the Black Pearl. Meanwhile, Barbossa discovers that not Elizabeth's but someone else's blood was required for the sacrifice. Whose blood is it? ahmetkozan Pirates of the Caribbean is a sweeping action-adventure story set in an era when villainous pirates scavenged the Caribbean seas. This roller coaster tale teams a young man, Will Turner, with an unlikely ally in rogue pirate Jack Sparrow. Together, they must battle a band of the world's most treacherous pirates, led by the cursed Captain Barbossa, in order to save Elizabeth, the love of Will's life, as well as recover the lost treasure that Jack seeks. Against improbable odds, they race towards a climactic confrontation on the mysterious Isla de Muerta. Clashing their swords in fierce mortal combat, Will and Jack attempt to recapture The Black Pearl ship, save the British navy, and relinquish a fortune in forbidden treasure thereby lifting the curse of the Pirates of the Caribbean. Anonymous After Elizabeth Swann is kidnapped by the evil Captain Barbossa and his crew, the blacksmith Will Turner and the pirate Jack Sparrow, who used to be captain of Barbossa's ship, team up to rescue Ms. Swann. But they soon discover that the pirates have their own secret, sinister purpose with Ms. Swann, and that there's much more going on that a simple kidnapping. moviefreak_4 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As Governor Weatherby Swann and his twelve-year-old daughter, Elizabeth, sail to Port Royal, Jamaica, their vessel, HMS Dauntless encounters a shipwreck with a sole survivor, the young Will Turner, floating among the wreckage. Elizabeth finds and hides a gold medallion she found around the unconscious Will's neck, fearing he would be accused of piracy. She then glimpses a ghostly pirate ship (the Black Pearl), disappearing into the mist. Eight years later Captain James Norrington of the British Royal Navy is promoted to Commodore. At his ceremony, he proposes to Elizabeth. Before she is able to answer, her over-tightened corset causes her to faint and fall off the rampart, tumbling into the bay. The medallion she is wearing emits a mysterious pulse through the water. Meanwhile, pirate Captain Jack Sparrow has arrived in Port Royal to commandeer a ship. Seeing Elizabeth fall, he rescues her, but Norrington recognizes him as the notorious pirate and he is arrested. He escapes and ducks into a blacksmith shop where he encounters Will Turner, now a blacksmith's apprentice and self-taught expert swordsman. Following a sword fight with Turner, Sparrow is knocked unconscious and jailed, set to be hanged the next day. That night, Port Royal is besieged by the Pearl, answering the medallion's mysterious call. Elizabeth is captured and invokes parley an agreement ensuring one's safety until meeting and negotiating with the opposing side. Not wishing to reveal that she's the Governor's daughter, Elizabeth tells Captain Barbossa her surname is Turner. She negotiates for the pirates to cease the attack on Port Royal in exchange for the medallion. Barbossa agrees but, employing a loophole in their agreement, keeps Elizabeth prisoner, believing she is the key to breaking an ancient curse they are under. When Commodore Norrington refuses to take immediate action, Will, who loves Elizabeth, persuades Captain Jack Sparrow to help him rescue her in exchange for freeing him from jail. Jack agrees only after learning Will's last name is Turner. After commandeering the HMS Interceptor Jack and Will recruit a crew in Tortuga with help from Jack's old friend, Gibbs, a former boatswain in the Royal Navy. They set sail for Isla de Muerta, a mysterious island Jack knows the pirates will go to in order to break the curse. While on route, Will learns about Jack's past. He was once the captain of the Pearl, but when he shared the bearings to a hidden chest of Aztec gold coins, First Mate Barbossa instigated a mutiny and marooned Jack on an island. Jack escaped three days later. The pirates found and spent the treasure, but soon learned it was cursed and had turned them into near-immortal skeletal beings whose true forms are only revealed in moonlight. The curse can only be lifted when every coin and each pirate's blood is returned to the chest. William "Bootstrap Bill" Turner, Jack's only supporter, sent a coin to his son, Will, believing the crew should remain cursed for what they did to Jack. Barbossa had Bootstrap tied to a cannon and thrown overboard, only to realize later that his blood is also needed to break the curse; a Turner relative must now take his place. In a cave full of treasure on Isla de Muerta, Barbossa, believing Elizabeth is Bootstrap's child, anoints the last coin with her blood and drops it into the chest, unsurprisingly, the curse remains unbroken. Reaching the island, Will suspects Sparrow may betray him and knocks him out. He rescues Elizabeth, and they escape to the Interceptor. Jack barters with Barbossa saying he will reveal Bootstrap's real child in exchange for the Pearl. Jack's negotiations come to naught, however, when the Pearl pursues the Interceptor, sinking her and taking the crew captive. Will reveals that he is Bootstrap Bill's son and demands that Elizabeth and the crew be freed, or he will shoot himself and fall overboard, lost forever. Barbossa agrees but craftily applies another loophole and maroons Elizabeth and Jack on a deserted island (the same island Jack was on ten years before) and throws Jack's crew into the brig. Will is taken to Isla de Muerta for the ritual. On the island, Elizabeth discovers the truth behind how Jack really got off the island. The island that Jack was imprisoned on was used as a cache by rum runners, who are long since out of business. Elizabeth burns an abandoned cache of rum to create a signal fire that is spotted by Norrington. She convinces Norrington to rescue Will by accepting his earlier marriage proposal. Returning to Isla de Muerta, Norrington sets an ambush outside the cave while Jack goes inside and persuades Barbossa to form an alliance. He tells him to delay breaking the curse until after they have taken the Dauntless and killed the crew. Jack then removes a coin from the chest, rendering himself immortal. But whatever Jack's actual intent is, his plan goes awry when Barbossa orders his crew to infiltrate the Dauntless from underwater. Elizabeth infiltrates the Pearl, frees Jack's crew and destroys the two pirates guarding it. She tries to enlist the crew's help, but they refuse and make off with the Pearl while Elizabeth heads to the island to aid Will. Elizabeth saves Will and together they destroy the three cursed pirate guards while Jack, immortal, reveals his true allegiance and battles Barbossa. Jack tosses his bloodied coin to Will, who returns the last two medallions to the chest, adding his own blood to his, breaking the curse. Jack then shoots Barbossa in the heart with the shot he had saved for ten years. No longer immortal, the wounded Barbossa falls dead. Realizing they are no longer cursed, the now-mortal pirates surrender to the navy. Back in Port Royal, Jack is about to be executed. Believing Jack deserves to live, Will rescues him. Both are quickly captured, but Elizabeth lends her support and declares her love for Will. Will is granted yet another pardon (having been previously cleared of stealing the Interceptor) and is allowed to marry Elizabeth with the blessing of Norrington and Governor Swann. Jack escapes by leaping (falling) from the fort and into the bay. His crew, who escaped with the Pearl, rescues him and makes him Captain. Norrington is impressed enough to allow him one day's head start before giving pursuit. 