nm0011760:

 Marienhof (19922011)Summaries Soap about the inhabitants of the fictional district of Cologne Marienhof. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 RTL Samstag Nacht (19931998)Summaries RTL Saturday night comedy show. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Der Trip (1996)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dieter dreams of the great career as a pop singer. His parents, both sworn relics of the hippie era, are worrying, because Dieter doesn't want to get to know any girls. So they push him to go to discotecs. There he meets Petra, who is already engaged to the heir of millions, Hilmar. But the power of their feelings is stronger and beams the couple back to the year 1972. But while Dieter comes to his senses in a shared flat in Berlin, Petra arrives in the English Garden in Munich - and both know they must find each other. Dieter sets off on a journey... 
 Falco - Verdammt, wir leben noch! (2008)Summaries The life story of 80s Austrian superstar Falco, the man behind the monster hit "Rock me, Amadeus". The story of Johann "Falco" Hlzel from young kid, the road from a band to his solo career, and to his tragic death. "Falco - Verdammt wir leben noch" deals with life, work and tragic death of Johann "Falco" Hlzel. The biopic is portraying his work through his early days, as member of the Viennese band "Drahdiwaberl" and later with his own hits as solo artist, like "Der Kommissar", "Wiener Blut" and his worldwide smash-hit "Rock Me Amadeus". themoth-1 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 