nm0007092:

 Immortals (2011)541) Theseus is a mortal man chosen by Zeus to lead the fight against the ruthless King Hyperion, who is on a rampage across Greece to obtain a weapon that can destroy humanity. Eons after the Gods won their mythic struggle against the Titans, a new evil threatens the land. Mad with power, King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) has declared war against humanity. Amassing a bloodthirsty army of soldiers disfigured by his own hand, Hyperion has scorched Greece in search of the legendary Epirus Bow, a weapon of unimaginable power forged in the heavens by Ares (Daniel Sharman). Only he who possesses this bow can unleash the Titans, who have been imprisoned deep within the walls of Mount Tartaros since the dawn of time and thirst for revenge. In the King's hands, the bow would rain destruction upon mankind and annihilate the Gods. But ancient law dictates the Gods must not intervene in man's conflict. They remain powerless to stop Hyperion, until a peasant named Theseus (Henry Cavill) comes forth as their only hope. Secretly chosen by Zeus (Luke Evans), Theseus must save his people from Hyperion and his hordes. Rallying a band of fellow outsiders, including visionary Priestess Phaedra (Freida Pinto) and cunning slave Stavros (Stephen Dorff), one hero will lead the uprising, or watch his homeland fall into ruin and his Gods vanish into legend. In Greece, the cruel and evil King Hyperion ( Mickey Rourke ) is searching with his ruthless army for the Epirus Bow, a powerful weapon made by the Gods, to unleash the imprisoned Titans and destroy the Gods. When King Hyperion comes to the village of the peasant Theseus, he kills his mother and brings Theseus (Henry Cavill) as a slave to work in his mines. However, Phaedra (Freida Pinto) helps to release him with the support of the prisoner Stavros (Stephen Dorff). Meanwhile, Zeus (Luke Evans) advises the other Gods that they should not interfere with the human free will and the last hope of mankind. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Eons ago, the gods defeated the Titans. Now a new threat has emerged. The evil King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke), is on the warpath searching for a powerful weapon called the Epirus Bow. With this, he can destroy the gods and become the ruler of the world. As villages are destroyed and innocent people massacred, the fate of humanity rests in the hands of the warrior Theseus (Henry Cahill) and the oracle Phaedra (Freida Pinto). tompeterdaly-63240 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When the world was young, the gods did battle in the sky. The victors ruled on Mt. Olympus and imprisoned the vanquished -- the Titans -- beneath Mt. Tartarus on Earth. Also lost during the battle is the Bow of Epirus, a mighty weapon that can shoot invincible energy arrows. Centuries later, King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) mounts a campaign to recover the Bow of Epirus and free the Titans. Bitter over the deaths of his wife and children due to disease, he is resolved to destroy the gods who refused his prayers to spare his family. He overtakes the Sybelline Monastery, imprisoning the virgin oracle Phaedra (Freida Pinto) and her attendants, then lays waste to villages in the area. In one village works the stone mason Theseus (Henry Cavil). Theseus has been trained in the military arts by a mysterious Old Man (John Hurt) who encourages him to be a protector of all humanity; Theseus, whose devout mother was raped and thus considered an outcast, refuses. When the goddess Athena (Isabel Lucas) visits the Old Man, he is revealed to be Zeus (Luke Evans) in human disguise. When Hyperion's forces destroy Theseus's village, he kills Theseus's mother in front of him and imprisons Theseus, where Phaedra and her attendants are also kept. Phaedra inadvertently touches Theseus and has a vision of him as either the savior of humanity or the ally of Hyperion in the destruction of the world. That night, she and her attendants seduce and kill the guards; Phaedra escapes with Theseus and two other slaves, Stavros (Steven Dorff) and Daerios (Alan Van Spring). Although Zeus has forbidden the gods to intervene unless the Titans are freed, Athena, Poseidon (Kellan Lutz) and Ares (Daniel Sharman) determine to protect Theseus as best they can. Phaedra tells Theseus he must return to his village and properly bury his mother. There, Theseus discovers the Bow of Epirus. Hyperion has sent the Minotaur (Robert Maillet) and soldiers to intercept them. The soldiers kill Daerios but, after a brutal battle with the Minotaur, Theseus uses the Bow to free the others. That night, Phaedra makes love to Theseus to free herself from her premonitory powers. The humans make their way to the Sybelline Monastery, where Hyperion has laid another trap. A jackal steals the Bow of Epirus and takes it to Hyperion, but the timely arrival of Athena and Ares saves Thesus, Phaedra and Stavros. This enrages Zeus who kills Ares in punishment but allows Athena to provide horses to Theseus so he can join a last stand against Hyperion's forces. As Theseus leads the fight against Hyperions' army, Hyperion uses the Bow to free the Titans from their prison. This prompts Zeus to intervene, and he, Athena, Poseidon, Heracles and Apollo fight a ferocious battle against the Titans. Theseus confronts Hyperion and, though mortally wounded, finally kills him. The Titans kill all of the gods except Zeus who destroys Mt. Tartarus to contain them again. Zeus takes Athena and Theseus to Olympus with him. Several years later, Phaedra lives in Theseus's village with her son, the result of her coupling with Theseus. The Old Man approaches the boy and tells him to prepare for a coming war in heaven. The boy closes his eyes and has a vision of Theseus leading the gods in battle against the resurgent Titans. --- The following is not a plot synopsis, as Tarsem Singh, regardless of his "vision," is not part of the plot of the film. Visionary director Tarsem Singh (The Cell, The Fall) transports us in this epic tale of treachery, vengeance and destiny in Immortals, a stylish and visually spectacular 3D action adventure. As a power-hungry king razes ancient Greece in search of a legendary weapon, a heroic young villager rises up against him in a thrilling quest as timeless as it is powerful. The brutal and bloodthirsty King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) and his murderous Heraklion army rampage across Greece in search of the long lost Bow of Epirus. With the invincible Bow, the king will be able to overthrow the Gods of Olympus and become the undisputed master of his world. With ruthless efficiency, Hyperion and his legions destroy everything in their wake, and it seems nothing will stop the evil king's mission. As village after village is obliterated, a stonemason named Theseus (Henry Cavill) vows to avenge his mother, who was killed in one of Hyperion's brutal raids. When Theseus meets the Sybelline Oracle, Phaedra (Freida Pinto), her disturbing visions of the young man's future convince her he is the key to stopping the destruction. With her help, Theseus assembles a small band of followers and embraces his destiny in a final, desperate battle for the future of humanity. Immortals is produced by Gianni Nunnari (300), Mark Canton (300) and Ryan Kavanaugh (The Fighter). 
 Resident Evil: Apocalypse (2004)761) Alice wakes up in the Raccoon City hospital after the area has been overrun by zombies, and must now make it out of the city before a nuclear bomb is dropped. Alice awakens from a terrible sleep to find her worst fears realized--the bloodthirsty Undead, which she and the now-annihilated squad of elite military fought to destroy, have been unleashed on the city that surrounds the secret facility of the Umbrella Corporation. Discovering she was an Umbrella experiment, Alice has been bio-genetically enhanced with new strengths, senses and dexterity--and she will need them. In the heart of the ravaged Raccoon City, a small group of uninfected people, including Jill Valentine, a recently demoted member of Raccoon City's elite Special Tactics and Rescue Services team, and Umbrella Corporation Security Officer Carlos Oliveira, fight for their lives against swarms of Undead and the deadlier and faster Lickers. Running out of luck and resources, the group is rescued by Alice, and they begin to wage an exhilarating battle to survive and escape before the Umbrella Corporation erases its experiment from the face of the earth. Their only hope lies somewhere within Raccoon City--Dr Charles Ashford, one of the leading scientists for the Umbrella Corporation, will help Alice and the others escape the city safely--if they find his daughter. Angie Ashford became separated from her father and now hides in fear. Alice, Jill and Carlos will have to fight their way through an army of Undead to save her. All the while, a secret weapon code-named Nemesis has been experimentally altered with greater modifications than Alice and has been programmed to track and destroy them. They will need all their strengths and skills to fight the battle of their lives against the mindless evil that has infected the city and the powerful forces that unleashed it on mankind. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Alice, having escaped from the Umbrella facility, finds Raccoon City overrun with the undead. Along with a group of survivors that includes Jill Valentine, she must find the daughter of Dr. Charles Ashford, who will then provide them with a way out of the city before it is nuked by Umbrella in a cover-up attempt. Meanwhile, they are being hunted by the Nemesis, another one of Umbrella's experiments. page8701 When Major Cain reopens The Hive, there is an outbreak of the T-Virus in Raccoon City. The Umbrella leader closes the gateway to the city and traps the survivals with the contaminated zombies, and releases Nemesis to destroy the STARS members to test how powerful this deadly weapon is. Meanwhile, Alice, Jill Valentine and Carlos Oliviera try to find Angela, the little daughter of Dr. Ashford, who is trapped in Raccoon City, as the means to escape from the siege of the city. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Picking up where Resident Evil (2002) left off, a super-Alice finds herself awakening from her coma in a quarantined and zombie-infested Raccoon City, as Jill Valentine and Sgt. Peyton Wells are, too, trapped in the city. With the all-powerful Umbrella Corporation planning to incinerate the entire town, Dr Charles Ashford offers invaluable information in exchange for the safe return of his missing daughter, Angela, while the evil organisation's ultimate mutation, the Nemesis-T Type, is tracking them down. To escape from the Umbrella's endless nightmare, the uninfected humans must fight tooth and nail. However, can Alice and a handful of survivors reach the evacuation spot in one piece? Nick Riganas The nightmare isn't over, General Cain ordered The Hive to be reopened, and in doing so contaminated all of Raccoon City, a city of the dead, with Alice stuck right in the middle. Now, along with other surviors, Jill Valentine, Carlos Oliviera and his Captain, Nicholai, they must fight to survive, to escape the nightmare that has plaqed Raccoon City. But now there is a new threat: Matt Addison has fully mutated into a seemingly unstoppable creature, code named Nemesis, who will stop at nothing until everything around it is dead, but it also has another agenda... Special Agent Hunk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 30 days after the contamination of The Hive, the Umbrella Corporation unwisely sends in a research team to re-open the complex and investigate the incident, since no one survived except Alice and Matt Addison, and as Alice was experimented on, Matt was put into a mysterious "Nemesis Program". When the team reprograms and opens the sealed blast doors, it is slaughtered by the massive crowd of infected. With the infected released outside, they reach Raccoon City, spreading the infection among the general populace. Two days after the infection has spread to the surface, Umbrella, worried about possible worldwide contamination, quarantines Raccoon City and establishes a security perimeter around it. However, a girl named Angela Ashford (Sophie Vavasseur), daughter of a Level 6 Umbrella researcher Dr. Charles Ashford (Jared Harris), who is also the T-virus creator, goes missing, after an Umbrella security car transporting her out of Raccoon City suffers a traffic accident. Alice awakens in the deserted Raccoon City hospital with wiring attached to her. Finding no one in the hospital, she wanders outside to find the city a ghost town, infected. She arms herself with a shotgun from a police car. She is constantly disturbed by a man who keeps showing up in visions, who was revealed to be experimenting on her; she now has superhuman agility and strength. While Umbrella is evacuating civilians at the Raven's Gate Bridge, the only exit out of the town, disgraced police officer Jill Valentine (Sienna Guillory) (who was suspended for releasing the story of infected), confers with Sergeant Peyton Wells (Razaaq Adoti), her old ally, after hearing about the infection being true. However, the T-virus infects a man having a heart attack, turning him into a zombie that bites Peyton at the city gates. Umbrella supervisor and the head of the Raccoon City contamination operation, Timothy Cain (Thomas Kretschmann), worried that the T-virus has reached the gates, seals the exit and orders his soldiers to fire over the crowd's heads, scaring them back into the city. Elsewhere, Carlos Olivera (Oded Fehr) and other Umbrella soldiers link up with Special Tactics And Rescue Squad (S.T.A.R.S.) units to defend against an onslaught of zombies. During the battle, Yuri (Stefen Hayes) is bitten but saved by Carlos, the two are nearly attacked by a zombie but Nicholai (Zack Ward) kills it, The three are forced to retreat when a number S.T.A.R.S and Umbrella SWAT Squad are overruned and perished by the undead. The three are nearly rescued by a helicopter, but it doesn't pick them up and instead flies away, It is revealed that Major Cain had betrayed them when he becomes paranoid, After entering into a building for safety, Nicholai is angry as Carlos eventually learns about this betrayal, Shortly after discovering this, Yuri reanimates as a zombie and attacks the two, Carlos is bitten and Yuri is killed by both he and Nicholai. Meanwhile Jill, Peyton, and news reporter Terri Morales (Sandrine Holt) lock themselves in a church, where a panicked man is also hiding. Inspecting the church, Jill finds a priest who has been feeding his zombified sister other people. Later on, they find the church is full of Lickers; the priest and the fugitive are killed, but Jill, Peyton, and Terri are saved at the last minute by the heavily armed Alice. In the meantime, Umbrella dispatches their Nemesis program to kill all remaining S.T.A.R.S. operatives. When Nemesis encounters a surviving citizen, L.J. (Mike Epps), and members of S.T.A.R.S., they open fire on Nemesis. Nemesis guns the team down but spares L.J.'s life when he drops his weapons. Meanwhile, Dr. Ashford has refused extraction since Angela is missing, and soon discovers she is hiding in her school dormitory. He hacks in the city's CCTV system, uses it to contact Alice and the other survivors, and offers to arrange their evacuation in exchange for rescuing Angela. Alice, seeing no other escape, accepts the offer. After Peyton, Terri, and Jill hear the offer, they relent, intending to seal themselves until backup, but Alice explains her choice; as the contamination cannot be put under control, a nuclear bomb will be dropped on Raccoon City, completely destroying it, and the media cover story will be a meltdown of the local nuclear power plant. Soon after, Peyton shows signs of weakness from the T-Virus, and as this happens, Nemesis appears and shoots Peyton dead. Alice separates and assaults him, but he is invincible to fight. She lures him to a local store, where she tries to fight him, but she is overwhelmed and forced into retreat. Jill and Terri manage to make it to safety into the car, only to be attacked by a now reanimated Peyton, With no other choice, Jill kills Peyton before she and Terri make it to the school but not before collecting L.J. on the way. Carlos and Nicholai, who are acting on the same offer, also reach to the school. Unkowablest to opposing groups, the school is crowded with infected dogs and zombified children, Jill, Terri and LJ split up to find Angela, LJ cannot find Angela and encounters a zombie who is killed by Carlos, the two recognize each other and work together to find Angela, Terri encounters a loan girl and assumes her to be Angela, only to realize that she is infact a zombie, Terri soon finds herself surrounded by a group of zombified children, when she refuses to shoot as to not having a heart to do so, Terri is soon bitten before being overwhelmed and killed by the swarm. Jill then reaches to a classroom where she finds Angela and her camera, which Jill watches and realizes that Terri didn't make it. Soon the two then leave to reach the others, only to encounter some zombies and an infected dog, who attempts to attack the two. Before Jill can prepare to muster against the infected dog, Nicholai shows up and shoots all the infected dead. He introduces himself to Jill and reveals how Major Cain betrayed him and his team and leave him for dead, his introduction is soon cut short when an infected dog attacks them, Nicholai sacrifices himself which allows Jill and Angela to escape, After being saved by Alice, who kills all the infected dogs, and reuniting with LJ and Carlos (who learns of Nicholai's fate), Angela reveals she was injected with the T-virus; she was ill by a genetic disease, and forced to walk on crutches. Dr. Ashford created the T-virus to allow her to walk, and he also created the anti-virus because of the T-virus's potential for mutations, but the virus was then impounded and weaponized by Umbrella. Alice uses Terri's video camera to record her story, and injects Carlos with the anti-virus carried by Angela to keep her infection in check. Dr. Ashford gives Alice the location of the extraction point at the City Hall, where the helicopter waits. The group makes it to the rendezvous, but are cornered by Major Cain, who has caught wind of Dr. Ashford's intentions and is holding him prisoner. All but Alice are restrained, and seconds later Nemesis appears, with the helicopter being actually Nemesis's extraction before the bomb detonation. Major Cain commands Alice to fight Nemesis. Alice refuses, but Major Cain forces her to when he shoots Dr. Ashford in cold blood, killing him, and revealing that he had no trust in him nor he had the care into his people. she relents and fights him, impaling him on a pole. Defeating Nemesis, she realizes he is Matt Addison; as he was infected by a Licker, he started to mutate, and was placed in the program. Her stand and refusing to kill him rekindles a trace of Nemesis's/Matt's former humanity. Major Cain orders Nemesis to kill her but instead he kills two Umbrella soldiers beside her and both he, and Alice, join forces and attack the Umbrella forces. Meanwhile, Carlos and Jill cut themselves free from their bonds, joining the fight. Major Cain then orders the nuke to reach the city within moments away, he attempts to escape but is knocked out by LJ. Meanwhile Alice is nearly attacked by a helicopter but Nemesis destroys it, though the explosion sends it flying towards Nemesis, killing him. Soon Alice and the group escape but not before she throws Major Cain out of the helicopter as her punishment to him, He is soon confronted by encroaching zombies while Dr. Ashford reanimates. Major Cain kills a few but does no good, He then attempts suicide but this fails as he has used the last of his bullets. Not much sooner, he is bitten a fully now reanimated Dr. Ashford just before being perished by the undead. As Alice, Jill, Carlos, Angela and LJ escape in the remaining chopper, the nuclear missile detonates over the City Hall. The helicopter is caught in the blast wave and crashes. As the helicopter falls, a metal pole comes loose and is flung towards Angela. Alice moves in front of Angela and is impaled, saving her but killing Alice. Some hours after the explosion, Umbrella employees locate the helicopter's crash site, deep in the Arklay Mountains. There, they find Alice's body, badly burned; the others are nowhere to be found. The media later shows that Terri's footage has been shown to the press, but despite Carlos and Jill's best efforts, Jill's earlier suggestion about Umbrella's media power comes true: Umbrella promotes a fake story about a nuclear power plant explosion near the city with ease, the infection is argued as a hoax, and the media announce that Jill and Carlos are wanted by the police for questioning. Three weeks later, in the midwest Umbrella research facility in Detroit, Alice awakens. Led by Umbrella scientist Dr. Isaacs (Iain Glen), the doctors begin questioning her. Soon, she recalls events from Raccoon City and before. She realizes that the doctor who appeared in her visions is Dr. Isaacs. She attacks him, fights her way out of the facility and makes her way outside, only to be surrounded by more Umbrella guards holding her at gunpoint. Suddenly, Jill, Carlos, Angela, and L.J. pull up, disguised as Umbrella employees. Carlos shows the guards a written order placing her in his custody. Alice enters the vehicle and Dr. Isaacs is shown saying, "Let them go" to an Umbrella guard and then saying "Program Alice activated." A close-up of Alice's eye shows a flashing Umbrella logo and she ignores her friends. The scene then pulls away from the car they are in and all the way out into space, where an Umbrella satellite is seen. 
 Exit Wounds (2001)431) Orin Boyd, a tough cop in an inner-city precinct discovers a web of dirty cops and corruption. Orin Boyd (Seagal) is a Detroit cop who doesn't follow rules. After he saved the Vice President by violating every order he received he is transferred to one of the worst precincts in the city. There he quickly encounters some corrupt cops selling heroin to drug dealers. The problem is, it's very difficult to tell who is the bad guy and who you can trust. Boris Shafir <borisshafir@hotmail.com> Orin Boyd is a cop who works in Detroit's 21st precinct, and his attitude and rough means of enforcing the law always end up annoying the precinct captain, Frank Daniels. When terrorists try to kill the Vice President of the United States, Orin kills the terrorists. Even though Orin saved the Vice President's life, Frank doesn't like the way Orin did it, so Frank transfers Orin to the 15th precinct -- Detroit's worst precinct. Orin's new captain, former internal affairs officer Annette Mulcahy, knows of his reputation and tells him that she won't tolerate it, and she sends Orin to an anger management class where he meets Henry Wayne, the high-strung host of a local talk show called "Detroit AM." Despite this measure, Orin doesn't change his ways of doing his job, and it's not long before he comes across local drug dealer Latrell Walker and his fast-talking sidekick T. K. Johnson doing a shady deal with a man named Matt Montini. After a brief fight, Orin discovers that Montini has been working undercover trying to nail Walker, and Orin messed it up, a point that doesn't sit well with Montini's musclebound partner Useldinger. Not all of the cops of the 15th precinct give Orin a hard time. Sergeant Lewis Strutt steps in to cool things down when Orin gets in a fight with Useldinger, and George Clark is assigned to be Orin's partner. After Orin stumbles upon the theft of $5,000,000 worth of heroin from Piper Tech, a place where evidence is stored, Orin and George begin focusing their efforts on Latrell and T.K., and also Shaun Rollins, a man that Latrell has been visiting at the local jail. Orin asks Henry to do some digging on Latrell's background. What Henry discovers is that Latrell is not a drug dealer. Latrell is a computer expert and billionaire whose real name is Leon Rollins -- he's the brother of Shaun Rollins. Orin confronts Leon, who explains that a group of corrupt cops were in danger of losing one of their drug dealers, so the corrupt cops planted heroin on Shaun, setting Shaun up to take the rap so they wouldn't lose their dealer. Sergeant Lewis Strutt is the leader of the group of corrupt cops, who also include Montini and Useldinger, and Strutt and his gang are the ones who stole the heroin from Piper Tech. Leon and his friend Trish have been videotaping the corruption, hoping that it might help prove Shaun's innocence and get him out of jail. Orin meets with Annette at a parking lot and he gets in Annette's truck and tells Annette what's going on. When Montini and Useldinger and a bunch of their men show up and try to kill Orin and Annette, Annette screeches out of the parking lot with Orin still in her truck. Orin and Annette are chased, and Annette is killed in the chase when her truck slams into the back of a bigger truck, sending her into her windshield. Orin tells Frank that Strutt will be having a meeting at a warehouse in about an hour, to sell the heroin that was stolen from Piper Tech. Strutt plans to try to sell it to Leon and T. K., not knowing that Leon is working against him. Frank promises that he'll be there with some backup. Orin then goes to George's house and tells George what's going on. George agrees to help Orin bring Strutt and his gang down. But it may be someone higher up who is behind the whole thing. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A tough cop runs up against fellow cops selling drugs. 
 Detroit Rock City (1999)Summaries In 1978, four rebellious teenagers try to scam their way into a KISS concert. Four members of a high school band called Mystery do everything they can to attend a KISS concert in Detroit. In order to make it to the show they must steal, cheat, strip, deal with an anti-rock mom and generally do whatever it takes to see the band that has inspired them to be musicians. an Urban Achiever It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 