nm0006606:

 Revelation (1999)Summaries In this sequel to Apocalypse (1998) , police officer in search for answers, Thorold Stone, joins a rebel group of Christians to thwart the Antichrist's plan to use virtual reality to solidify its power. This is the sequel to Apocalypse (1998) . In this movie Thorold Stone is still looking for his family. The Christians, whom the rest of the world has started to call The Haters, are being framed for many murders and terrorist acts. Thorold and his partner go to investigate the location of the detonator of one of these acts. They find a group of Christians holding a service. He arrests them and one of them hands him a disk from O.N.E. , One Nation Earth. He finds men in the building who aren't Christians. They chase them around and one of them is killed. Then he meets with Mr. Parker who works for Franco Malacousso. Parker shoots them both but Thorold doesn't die. He is then framed for the shooting of his partner and he goes to a computer programmer with the disk. Virtual Reality is used to bring the Day of Wonders to fruition. There is something odd about the CD that the woman gave Thorold because the programmer can't get access to it and they take it to the Christians headquarters. Further things develop and throughout the film there are repeated attempts to convert Thorold to Christianity. It isn't until he meets up with the Anti-Christ that he makes up his mind one way or the other. When they find out what the Day of Wonders is, they try to destroy the program that will run it. Deirdre Dear Thorold Stone's family was among those who vanished three months ago, and he is still stung by that fact. Since childhood, he has always been logical and suspicious, and, of course, he's uncertain whether Franco Macalousso is the Messiah he claims he is. Stone works for Len Parker, who runs One Nation Earth, the organization that rounds up the Haters who stand in Macalousso's way. Soon, however, he realises that the Christians have been framed, and he has been set up. To prove Macalusso's true colours, he must band with his own enemies - the Haters themselves, led by Helen Hannah. The Extra in the Background It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Teenage Space Vampires (1999)211) Bill, a high school student and avid horror movie fan, witnesses a UFO flying over his town. When the ship lands the next day, Bill and a team from SETI discover that the alien is a strange vampire creature who wants to cast the Earth into darkness so that he and his people can colonize it for themselves. Will Bill and the others be able to keep the Sun shining? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Everyone thinks horror-movie buff Bill Stenson [Robin Dunne] has seen one too many scifi films when he claims to have seen a UFO land in last night's freak lightning storm. Still, how do you explain the windowless metal dish flanked by two gargoyles that appeared just this morning in the empty lot next to Mr Danvers' house? Why has the government sent in a team of S.E.T.I. specialists to set up the old observatory? What is causing the two holes that are appearing on the necks of the Knollwood residents, and why are they all starting to act weird? [Well, except for Mrs Gibson, who always was a crotchety old sourpuss.] The next day, as the S.E.T.I. team (Hank, Mike, and Paula set up their equipment, Hank [James Kee] notices a hot spot on the geothermal scanner, and they go to investigate. Meanwhile, Bill stops to have another look at the UFO after delivering Mr Danvers' newspaper. As he reaches out to touch it, it suddenly begins to glow green, and Bill is knocked to the ground just as the S.E.T.I. team arrives. As Hank investigates the UFO, Mike [Liviu Lucaci] and Paula [Bianca Brad] go back to the van for their equipment. No one notices crotchety old Mrs Gibson until it's too late. When Hank goes to see what is holding up Mike and Paula, they are gone. When Hank races back to the observatory to check his geothermal scans, Mr Jonas [Servan Celea] from the Neighborhood Watch pays a visit. Just as he is about to bite Hank in the neck, Bill and his technogeek friend, Kevin James [Mak Fyfe], show up. Mr Jonas promises to catch them later and leaves. Bill notices the hot spot on Hank's geothermal screen and recognizes it as the old mine shaft. Legend has it that, back in the 1800s, coal miners found the largest diamond in the world. They dubbed it the "Light of the Moon" but, when they were transporting it to New York, it disappeared. Tomorrow is the big Knollwood/Huntsville soccer game. When Bill learns that the players and cheerleaders, including his sister Katie, are having a pregame party tonight near the old mine, he decides that he has to keep the kids from going into it. As he and Kevin guard the entrance, they are surprised to see Hank show up. Kevin volunteers to go for help, while Bill and Hank enter the mine. On the way back into town, Kevin is bitten by a vampire. While searching the mine, Bill and Hank come across a meeting of the vampires, led by Mr Danvers, while the Master, Vlathos from Lathos, watches. Danvers unites the "Light of the Moon" diamond with two lesser diamonds, and the light from the moon starts pouring down. The plan is to harvest the light from the sun and moon and plunge the earth into eternal darkness. Then shall the vampires feed. Knowing that they are outnumbered, Bill and Hank decide to call for help but, when Hank tries to phone out, all the telephone lines appear to be down. When he tries to drive out of Knollwood, he is stopped by Mr Jonas and his Neighborhood Watch deputy. Whatever is going on in Knollwood, it looks like Bill and Hank are on their own. It is the afternoon of the soccer game. While the fans cheer as the two teams play, Mr Danvers rallies his vampires and they begin biting the other players. Meanwhile, Hank and Bill constuct a series of reflecting mirrors out of plywood and tinfoil, which they use to divert the sunlight and shine it on Vlathos [Cosmin Sofron]. But the sun is setting fast. With no other option, Bill picks up the Light of the Moon diamond and smashes it on the floor. Vlathos burns up, and the vampire army turns back into humans. [Original by bj_kuehl.] 
 Nostradamus (I) (2000)Summaries A policeman must stop a medieval cult, who plan to bring about armageddon by summoning the spirit of Nostradamus. Rob Estes plays a homicide detective investigating a series of strange multiple murders, assisted by an oddball FBI agent, played by Joely Fisher, who is also clairvoyant. The apparent perpetrator is a time travelling assassin, come all the way from the 15th century seeking to bring about Armageddon. A.Sankar <ritalee@ufl.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rollerball (2002)Summaries The big thing in 2005 is a violent sport which can have some pretty serious consequences... like dying. In this fast action-packed thriller, Jonathan (Chris Klein), Marcus (LL Cool J), and Aurora (Rebecca Romijn) compete in a dangerous, fierce sport called Rollerball. Although, Jonathan and Marcus try to quit, cruel and vindictive promoter Alexi Petrovich (Jean Reno) encourages them to still participate. Petrovich sends his men to attack them while they are on a trip, but Jonathan survives. In the end during a game of Rollberball, Petrovich attempts a public execution of Jonathan, but the question is will Jonathan get revenge. Clifton Baird Jonathan Cross, a lover of extreme sports, is recruited by Alexi Petrovich to star in his sportive invention, Rollerball. Jonathan accepts and learns the ropes of Rollerball: The players are on Rollerblades, trying to bring a heavy metal ball into a high goal. Also, there are motorcyclists around to bring momentum to the players. Oh yes, and there are no rules in the game. During his skyrocketing career, Jonathan has to experience what Alexi has found out: Blood brings more viewing pleasure to the audience. So, Alexi starts to bribe members of the different teams to cause more trouble than necessary on the field, and the viewers love it. Only a little later, Jonathan's life is already in extreme danger as well as those of his friends and teammates. In a final game, Jonathan and his team have to fight for mere survival against their real opponent - their boss Alexi Petrovich. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 