nm0002477:

 Gone in 60 Seconds (2000)761) A retired master car thief must come back to the industry and steal fifty cars with his crew in one night to save his brother's life. In exchange for his little brother's life, the reformed car thief, Randall "Memphis" Raines, has to do the impossible: in less than three days, he has to steal not one, but fifty exotic supercars for the ruthless crime lord, Ray Calitri. To stand a chance of pulling off this intricate and time-sensitive grand theft auto, once more, Memphis has to rely on his old gang--his knowledgeable mentor, Otto; the old friends, Sphinx and Donny; his reluctant ex-girlfriend, Sway, and a band of tech-savvy young thieves--however, the police are already onto them. Now, fast Lamborghinis, precious Ferraris, luxurious Porsches, and Eleanor--a rare Ford Shelby Mustang GT500--are just some of the cars in Raines' long list. Can Memphis execute the perfect car heist? Nick Riganas Car theft in Long Beach went down 47% when Randall "Memphis" Raines walked away from the life. He gets dragged back into it by assuming the job his brother Kip screwed up for stolen-car broker Raymond Calitri: steal 50 exotic cars and have them on a container ship by 8 AM Friday morning, and he got this news on a Monday. With Calitri threatening to kill him and Kip, and the police GRAB unit breathing down his neck, Memphis reassembles his old crew and attempts to pull off the logistically impossible. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> Memphis Raines must return to the world of auto theft after his brother breaches a contract with a Russian crime lord to deliver high end cars. Memphis must get a gang together for a one night 'boost' to grab all the cars while avoiding apprehension by the auto theft cop who trailed him years before. FMJ_Joker Kip Raines, a young car thief, was contracted to steal 50 specific cars but something went wrong. Now the man who hired him, Raymond Calitri, wants his head. When his brother, Memphis, once a great car thief, who retired a few years ago, learns of this, he comes back to town to see if he can help his brother. The only thing that will appease Calitri is if the order is fulfilled. So Memphis has to assemble his old crew, and he has to do the job in a few days. And a cop who hounded him, upon learning of his return, is keeping an eye on him. And another car thief, whom he competed with before wants to get the Calitri job, and is telling Memphis to back off, but he won't. rcs0411@yahoo.com Legendary car thief/booster Randall "Memphis" Raines retired from the criminal life in 1994. Now six years later after Auto Theft in the greater Los Angeles/Long Beach district went down by 47%, his brother, Kip Raines takes over "the job", employed by British car broker Raymond Calitri. When one night Kip messes up stealing some cars, Memphis gets called back to the life he got out of. His most impossible mission: Steal 50 exotic cars all over Los Angeles and Long Beach in just one night and deliver them to Long Beach Harbor, Pier 14 by 8:00am, Friday morning, on the button, or never see his brother again. And so Memphis and Kip, with the help of longtime friend Otto Halliwell reassembles his old crew which includes sexy Sara "Sway" Wayland", a renegade white-haired mechanic by day, bartender by night, to pull off the biggest mission ever. The only problem is the LAPD G.R.A.B. (Governor's Regional Auto-Theft Bureau). It's on the lookout and Det. Roland Castlebeck and his partner, Det. Drycoff are keeping close eyes on Memphis and his team. Can the team pull this assignment off and collect $200,000 in cash? Will Kip finally realize that car boosting is dangerous? And can Memphis escape Castlebeck and the cops? It's a long shot and it's going to be one hell of a long night, but they may have a chance. Cut to the chase. Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Randall "Memphis" Raines, a notorious Los Angeles car thief, has left his life of crime behind him and gone straight, teaching Go-Kart Racing for kids in Central California. His younger brother, Kip Raines, has nevertheless followed in his footsteps and is in the midst of stealing 50 high-end cars for a British gangster, Raymond Calitri. One night after stealing a Porsche, Kip spies a beautiful woman in the passenger seat of another car, and to impress her, challenges her date to a race. This chase attracts the attention of the police, who follow Kip to the warehouse where the stolen cars are being stored. Kip and his gang flee from the police in time, but the boost is ruined, the cars are impounded and Calitri is infuriated. Calitri kidnaps Kip. Atley Jackson, Memphis' long-time friend, takes him to see Calitri, who threatens to kill Kip and Memphis if they don't steal the required 50 cars in three days, when they are due on a ship headed to South America. With no choice but to steal the cars, Memphis gathers a rag-tag crew of car thieves including Atley, autobody shop owner Otto Halliwell, DMV employee Donny Astricky, a mute mortician known as The Sphinx, and Memphis' ex-girlfriend, mechanic/bartender Sara "Sway" Wayland. Kip insists on helping with his young crew members Tumbler, Mirror Man, Freb, and Toby. They use Otto's shop as headquarters for the heist, and Toby hacks the DMV database to locate the cars on the list, which are all given female nicknames. The last car on the list, dubbed Eleanor, is a customized 1967 Mustang GT that has repeatedly brought trouble for Memphis. LAPD Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff of the Governor's Regional Auto Theft Bureau investigate the case. At the abandoned warehouse, Castlebeck notices mysterious shattered glass. They hear Memphis is back in town and pay him a visit, but he claims he is merely visiting for a family emergency and will soon be leaving. The detectives remain suspicious. The three Mercedes impounded by the police all require laser-cut keys, which are impossible to clone. Drycoff discovers that all were purchased from a Newport dealer, Dressner Foreign Motors, which has only one ex-con working there, who happens to handle replacing lost keys from the manufacturer in Germany. They confront him and threaten to arrest him for grand theft auto unless he cooperates. He agrees to contact them if the person who paid him for the replacement keys returns, which he does, as they predict. The police set up surveillance on the three Mercedes. While parked in a minivan four doors down, Castlebeck and Drycoff spot the Raines brothers, who just take photos of the Mercedes in the driveway. The Raines brothers are accosted by some gang members who accused Memphis of stealing the job from Calitri. The brothers take shelter in a diner, where members of the California Highway Patrol are eating. Memphis distracts a truck driver while Kip chains his truck to the gang members' chassis. When he drives away, he pulls their car apart and they pull their weapons. The CHiPS run out and arrest the gang members for illegal guns. Freb, eager to prove himself, steals a 1983 Cadillac Eldorado when he spots it in a bad neighborhood with the keys left inside. Unfortunately, it turns out to be a car used by drug dealers and contains heroin in the trunk. Before they can get rid of the car, Castlebeck arrives at Otto's shop. He remarks that the other cars in the shop are classics and questions why anybody would invest money to restore an '83 Eldorado. While calling to check if the car had been reported stolen, Castlebeck notices that the call signs of the police units working that night are written down, indicating when their second heist is happening. Memphis is worried, realizing the police are breathing down their necks. The heist begins smoothly, and one by one, the cars are stolen and driven to the Long Beach Naval Shipyard, where they are immediately hidden in containers to be loaded onto the cargo ship. Castlebeck and Drycoff continue their surveillance on the three Mercedes and return to the parked minivan in the neighborhood, four houses down from the Mercedes. But they are forced to improvise when another minivan parks in the driveway next to them, blocking their view of the Mercedes, and they park their car closer. When Memphis arrives, he stops just before he opens the car door when he realizes the minivan from the photos is now two doors down, not four. Memphis calls Astricky, about to steal another Mercedes from outside the casino, and tells him the Mercedes are under surveillance. The whole deal will be off if they do not have every single car on the list. As they still have the replacement keys from the Mercedes impounded by the police, they decide to steal the cars from the police impound lot. Mirror Man causes a distraction and they successfully steal the three Mercedes. Detectives Castlebeck and Drycoff are told by a coworker from the Homicide Unit to back off Calitri, as he is under investigation for murder. A despondent Castlebeck receives a report from the lab about the shattered glass, identifying it as a black light. He and Drycoff go to the abandoned warehouse with functional black lights and discover the original list of cars. Knowing Memphis' past with Eleanor, Castlebeck realizes that the 1967 Mustang will be last on the list and their best chance for catching him in the act. Defying Memphis' orders not to deviate from the exact plan, Toby follows Kip and Tumbler to a suburban home where they plan to steal a Cadillac Escalade. Toby wanders outside the garage and is spotted by a young woman, who raises the alarm that the car is being stolen. A private security guard pursues them and fires at the SUV, wounding Toby. Atley takes Toby to a shady doctor he knows, who saves his life, no questions asked. Castlebeck and Drycoff arrive just as Memphis is boosting Eleanor, and begin a long pursuit through Long Beach. He manages to evade the police and arrives with a very beat up Eleanor shortly after the deadline of 8 p.m. Calitri refuses to take the car and instead orders his henchmen to kill Memphis, whose life is saved at the last minute by Kip and Atley. Memphis goes after Calitri and pursues him in a large warehouse at the Navy Yard, where Castlebeck and Drycoff join the pursuit, guns drawn. When Calitri corners Castlebeck and is about to kill him, Memphis arrives and saves Castlebeck's life by kicking Calitri, who falls over the railing several stories to his death. In gratitude, Castlebeck allows Memphis to leave, but first Memphis tells him where he can find the 49 boosted cars in the yard. Later, the gang gathers to celebrate with a barbecue at Otto's shop, where Kip presents Memphis with an old, rusted out "Eleanor" awaiting to be refurbished. 
 El Camino: A Breaking Bad Movie (2019)541) Fugitive Jesse Pinkman runs from his captors, the law, and his past. Finally free from torture and slavery at the hands of Tod's uncle Jack, and from Mr. White, Jesse must escape demons from his past. He's on the run from a police manhunt, with his only hope of escape being Saul Goodman's hoover guy, Ed Galbraith. A man who for the right price, can give you a new identity and a fresh start. Jesse is racing against the clock, with help from his crew, avoiding capture to get enough money together to buy a 'new dust filter for his Hoover MaxExtract PressurePro model', a new life. Jacob Wood The action of the criminal drama film "El Camino: Breaking Bad" takes place immediately after the events shown in the series finale. At the center of the story is Jesse Pinkman, who finds himself in a difficult situation. Despite the fact that criminal activity is already behind him, the past continues to haunt Jesse. Pinkman is captured, but he manages to escape. He understands that he needs to take this chance, otherwise he will be killed. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) After the events captured in the finale of Breaking Bad, Jesse is now on the run, and a massive police manhunt for him is in operation. He has a plan to get out of Albuquerque, but he'll need heaps of cash to do it. Luckily, he knows where some may be stashed. Ruair Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a flashback. Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul) and Mike Ehrmantraut (Jonathan Banks) are standing by a lake after their train robbery. They discuss their plans to leave the meth business behind them. Jesse asks Mike where he would go, and Mike responds that he would go to Alaska. Jesse hopes his next step will be to right his wrongs, but Mike says that's one thing he can't undo. In the present, Walter White, AKA "Heisenberg", (Bryan Cranston) is now dead after helping Jesse escape the captivity of the neo-Nazi gang. Jesse drives the El Camino triumphantly down the road until he almost comes across a police car. He manages to hide as the cop passes, and he then makes his way to the home of his best friends, Badger (Matt Jones) and Skinny Pete (Charles Baker). The two are in shock to see Jesse in his condition, as they had heard about his enslavement. They provide Jesse with food and a place to sleep for the night, and they stash the El Camino in the back at Jesse's behest. The following morning, news of the Nazi gang's massacre, Walt's death, and Jesse's involvement as his partner and prisoner of the Nazis hits the airwaves, which Badger and Skinny watch. They go to Jesse's room, but he has some PTSD from his captivity and pulls his gun on the two when they go check up on him. In the wake of all the news, they suggest that Jesse take a shower and stay out of sight. Jesse washes the grime and blood off of him, which makes him remember when the Nazis sprayed him with a hose. He comes out of the bathroom clean-shaven, and he tells the guys he needs to get rid of the El Camino. They contact Old Joe (Larry Hankin) from the dump, and he heads to the house agreeing to take care of the job for free. This changes when the LoJack on the El Camino is activated, meaning cops are already on their way. Thinking quickly, Skinny gives Jesse the keys to Badger's car while Badger is to drive Skinny's car to the border and hide it, which leaves Skinny with the El Camino to provide cops with a cover story. Jesse proceeds to make his way out of there. Jesse drives away and tries to maintain obscurity as a whole line of cop cars head toward Badger and Skinny's house. As he heads on, he stops to pull over somewhere as he contemplates his next move. He listens to the radio and hears news reporting on Walt's death, as well as the woman he poisoned with ricin (Lydia) not expected to survive. Another flashback shows Jesse's time in captivity. While the rest of the Nazis were away, Todd Alquist (Jesse Plemons) takes Jesse out of his cage to ask for help on a task. After placing a top on Todd's car, he brings Jesse to his apartment where Jesse spots the corpse of Todd's cleaning lady Sonia. According to Todd, she came across his hidden stash of money, which he kept inside a hollowed-out almanac, and although he liked Sonia, Todd felt compelled to kill her to cover his tracks. He makes Jesse help him bury her by rolling up her body in a rug and burying her in the desert. At one point, Jesse reaches into the car and takes out a gun with the intention of killing Todd, but Todd talks him down and mentions he was going to buy pizza on the way back. Jesse just breaks down in tears and hands the gun over. Back in the present, Jesse makes his way to Todd's now closed-off apartment in order to find said stash of money, while also trying to stay hidden from one of the tenants in the building. As he tries searching for the money, he spots a news report on TV with his parents Arthur (Michael Bofshever) and Diane (Tess Harper), who urge Jesse to turn himself in. Jesse spends the night looking through every inch of the house for the money and almost gives up until he discovers it is hidden inside the refrigerator door. At that moment, two men posing as detectives, Neil (Scott MacArthur) and Casey (Scott Shepherd), enter the building to look for the money. Jesse stays hidden until Casey comes upon him, at which point Jesse aims his gun at him and makes him give his up. Neil comes over as Casey calls him, and he draws his gun on Jesse, claiming that there are cops who will hear the commotion and come storming up there. Jesse quickly realizes they aren't cops and that they were affiliated with the Nazis. Jesse offers to show them where it is on the condition that they split it three ways. Neil agrees to it after Jesse shows him where it is. As they leave, Jesse notices Neil's truck from Kandy Welding Co, and Neil tells Jesse he was wondering when he would recognize him. Jesse continues his move when he spots a vacuum cleaner store, as well as a red minivan. He enters the store and meets Ed Galbraith (Robert Forster), the identity eraser that Jesse was supposed to meet through Saul Goodman. Jesse acknowledges that there are no second chances with Ed, but he takes out the big bag of Todd's money and gives Ed the $125,000 that is needed to do the job. Ed says that only covers the previous intended encounter, and this current job would require another $125K. Jesse comes up short $1,800, so Ed refuses to help. As Jesse is determined to get the job done at any cost, he locks himself and Ed in the store, but Ed starts to call the cops. Jesse thinks he's bluffing since Ed hung up so quickly, as well as having to explain why Jesse is there in the first place, but a cop car pulls up almost instantly. Jesse runs and hides, and Ed gives the cops a fake description of the suspect he called about. Jesse calls Ed and agrees to find the rest of the money. We see another flashback of Jesse as a prisoner. This is when Neil first came to the Nazi compound to set up the mechanism that they used to keep Jesse chained up. Kenny (Kevin Rankin) torments Jesse by forcing him to run until he breaks the whole thing off, just to settle a bet with Neil that what he built isn't as strong as he claims. Jesse calls his parents in their home. He asks to speak to his brother, but they tell him he is away in London. Jesse mentions their appearance on the news and their suggestion he turn himself in, but they insist it's for his protection. He asks them to pick him up at the park, and also adds that they did their best in raising him, and however he turned out is all on him. Jesse waits for his parents and the cops watching their house to leave so he can sneak inside the house and get two guns that they had stashed away. Jesse tracks down Kandy Welding Co and finds Neil and Casey's location where they are hanging out with their three friends and some strippers. After the women leave, Jesse enters the shop and requests the rest of the money he needs to get out. Neil notes the .22 caliber pistol in Jesse's waistband and challenges him to a duel with his .45 caliber pistol. Jesse agrees, but as Neil gets ready to grab his gun, Jesse shoots him dead with the other gun he had hidden. Casey then tries to shoot at Jesse, leading to them exchanging fire and constantly missing until Jesse manages to shoot him in the head. Jesse then orders the remaining three men to give him their drivers licenses to keep their addresses known in case they say anything to the cops. Jesse then gets the money and blows up the shop with fuel tanks. One more flashback shows Jesse with Walt after their meth cookout in the desert when their RV broke down. They have found a room to rest and go to have breakfast. Walt tells Jesse that he should think about his future, with the potential for college or even getting his GED, not realizing that Jesse already graduated high school. Walt also lets Jesse know that he's lucky he didn't have to wait his whole life to do something special. Jesse gives Ed all the money, and he helps take him to Alaska, now using the name "Driscoll". Jesse leaves Ed with a letter to mail to Brock (son of Jesse's late girlfriend Andrea). As Jesse drives away, he has one last flashback with his former girlfriend Jane Margolis (Krysten Ritter). He mentions her philosophy of the universe bringing people where they have to be, but she says it's bullshit and says it's better to make those decisions yourself. The film concludes with Jesse continuing his drive, now ready to start a new life. 
 The Revenant (2015)541) A frontiersman on a fur trading expedition in the 1820s fights for survival after being mauled by a bear and left for dead by members of his own hunting team. While exploring uncharted wilderness in 1823, legendary frontiersman Hugh Glass sustains injuries from a brutal bear attack. When his hunting team leaves him for dead, Glass must utilize his survival skills to find a way back home while avoiding natives on their own hunt. Grief-stricken and fueled by vengeance, Glass treks through the wintry terrain to track down John Fitzgerald, the former confidant who betrayed and abandoned him. Jwelch5742 Set in 1820s America, fur trapper and Frontiersman Hugh Glass struggles to survive the harsh winter after an oppressive Ree Indian attack and a mauling from a hostile maternal bear. Abandoned by his crew, Glass attempts to cross the bleak wasteland with only a single notion set in his mind; Revenge. In the untamed and unforgiving wilderness of mid-winter snow-capped Missouri, the experienced nineteenth-century tracker, Hugh Glass, and his son, Hawk, lead a hunting and trapping expedition in the uncharted territory of the fierce Indian tribe, Arikara. As the party of trappers struggle to navigate back to the distant Fort Kiowa, a swift and devastating attack by a formidable grizzly bear leaves a brutally mauled Glass on the brink of death, double-crossed and abandoned by his men. Now, only Hugh's rabid desire to live can help him survive the piercing cold and the grave dangers in one of the world's most inhospitable environments, giving him the strength to drag his unrecognisable carcass and exact his revenge. However, will the man who has returned from the dead taste the ambrosial fruit of retribution? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in an indeterminate year of the 1820s, the opening scene shows Hugh Glass (Leonardo DiCaprio) speaking to his son Hawk (Forrest Goodluck) in an Indian language (Pawnee), telling him that even though he is scared and wants his trouble to be over, he must fight as long as he can grab a breath. As we hear Glass' voice, we see images of Glass with his Pawnee wife and son, his home being set on fire, and him holding his wife in his arms. Glass and Hawk are walking through a river with other men from their hunting party as they stalk elk. They are camped by a river in rural Missouri with other fur-trappers. They are led by their captain, Andrew Henry (Domhnall Gleeson). A naked missing man from their party walks into the settlement and collapses forward with an arrow in his back. Another man is shot in the neck with an arrow and falls into the campfire. The hunting party is attacked by a tribe of local natives who are Arikara Indians, also known as 'Ree'. The men fire back with their rifles. Glass is attacked and nearly choked to death, but one of his men rescues him. A few men gather their furs and materials toward a boat to make their escape. The Arikaras themselves are looking for the chief's daughter, Powaqa, stolen by unknown white men. The men abandon their boat and start to hike overland to Fort Kiowa. Hawk is antagonized by John Fitzgerald (Tom Hardy) for his race (Hawk is half-Indian on his mother's side), but Glass quickly defends his son and tells him not to retaliate against Fitzgerald. While hunting in the woods, Glass comes across a grizzly bear and her cubs, and he is quickly attacked by the larger bear. The bear claws and bites Glass, throwing him around as Glass tries to defend himself. He manages to shoot the bear, but it doesn't kill her. She attacks again and Glass gets his knife, stabbing it several times as they both tumble down a hill. Glass lands in a gully and the dead bear lands on top of him. The men later find Glass and try to tend to his deep wounds. Meanwhile, the Arikara warriors continue their search for Powaqa. They come across French fur traders and trade the riverside furs for five horses. The men in the hunting party carry Glass on a makeshift stretcher, but he only slows them down. They attempt to carry him up a hill, only for him to slide and bring the other men down. Fitzgerald suggests they need to just kill Glass and put him out of his misery. Henry covers Glass' eyes and almost shoots him in the head, but he cannot bring himself to do it. Henry offers payment of $75 to anyone who will stay behind with Glass. Hawk and Jim Bridger (Will Poulter) volunteer, though Fitzgerald points out that they and Glass will be likely to die. Henry raises the payment offer to $100 so that even Fitzgerald decides to stay with them until Glass expires. Glass is still in great pain and continues to have visions of his wife and the day his home was burnt down. Fitzgerald gets a moment alone with Glass and tries to convince him to let him put him out of his misery so that no one else is slowed down or left waiting to die, including Hawk. As Glass is unable to talk, Fitzgerald suggests Glass should blink if he agrees, knowing that Glass would eventually have to blink, with or without intention to agree to Fitzgerald's offer. Glass holds his eyes open for a long time before closing them, instead of blinking. Fitzgerald intentionally interprets this as blinking and starts to smother Glass. Hawk shows up, seeing Fitzgerald smothering his father. Hawk starts to call Bridger for help, leading to a struggle with Fitzgerald in which the man stabs Hawk in the abdomen, then letting him bleed out as Glass watches helplessly. Fitzgerald gets rid of Hawk's body and tells Bridger he doesn't know where he went. Later that night, Fitzgerald urges Bridger to move on with him, claiming to have seen Ree Indians by the creek. Already having dug a grave for Glass, Fitzgerald forcefully drags him into the hole and partially buries him alive under a pile of dirt as Bridger reluctantly lets him do so. Meanwhile, Henry and the rest of the hunting party have a difficult march by as they head towards Fort Kiowa. As Fitzgerald and Bridger head to meet them, Bridger realizes Fitzgerald was lying about having seen the Ree by the creek. He turns his rifle on Fitzgerald, who takes it from Bridger and turns it on him. He pulls the trigger, but the unloaded rifle clicks on an empty chamber. They continue to move. Glass awakens and weakly struggles to rise from out of the dirt. He starts crawling his way through the woods to find food and warmth. He finds Hawk's body freezing up from the cold. Glass vows to stay by his son's side. He finds a thick bear pelt to take with him to keep warm. As he continues to move through the woods, he feeds off of roots and old bone marrow. He attempts to build a fire for added warmth and uses some of his leftover gunpowder to seal the wound in his throat. Nearby, the Indians are getting closer, so Glass rides down the rapids to escape them. Fitzgerald and Bridger are still walking. They come across a burnt-down settlement with bodies sprawled across the ground. One woman emerges from her burnt hut and sees the men. Bridger quietly leaves some food for her. Glass is getting colder and hungrier. He walks into the river and eats a live fish. He walks up a hill and sees a Pawnee Indian feeding off the carcass of a bison. Glass approaches him cautiously and gestures for food. The Indian throws him an organ, which Glass eats ravenously. In the morning, the Indian observes the bear wounds on Glass' body, which are starting to rot. Glass says his men left him for dead and killed his son. The Indian states that his own family was killed by a rival Sioux tribe. He is seeking out more Pawnee. Fitzgerald and Bridger reach the outpost and rejoin their party. Fitzgerald tells Henry that they couldn't save Glass or Hawk, and he collects his payment. Bridger remains quiet but is upset and refuses a bonus pay. Glass and the Indian move forward. They spend the evening sitting and catching snow in their mouths, the first time Glass has looked peaceful in a while. The Indian gathers materials for a quick sweat lodge and places a feverish Glass inside. Glass starts hearing his wife's voice, and then sees himself walking toward Hawk before they embrace in an old church. The Pawnee performs a healing ritual for Glass' wounds. When Glass wakes up, the Pawnee is gone. A short time later he sees that the Indian has been hanged by the French fur trappers. He infiltrates their camp and witnesses one of the men raping a woman. It is Powaqa (Melaw Nakehk'o). Glass holds the rapist at gunpoint and frees Powaqa. Glass then takes a horse, letting the other horses loose. He rides to a spot in the woods where he builds himself a fire. In the morning, the tribe searching for Powaqa starts to attack. Glass holds them off with his rifle before he mounts his horse and rides away. The tribe follows him on their horses up to a cliff where Glass and his horse fall over the edge. The horse dies, and Glass is injured again. As the night falls and the cold intensifies, he cuts the horse open, removes its organs, and bunks inside its carcass for warmth. When he wakes up, he gets out of the carcass and moves to a snow cave. In there, he carves "Fitzgerald killed my son." Sometime later at the outpost, one of the French hunters arrives with Glass' canteen, which Bridger left on the dirt pile after Fitzgerald buried him. Thinking he took it from Hawk, Henry leads a search party through the woods. There, they find Glass, limping towards them. They bring him back to the outpost. Henry finds that Fitzgerald is gone. The French hunter tells him that he heard Fitzgerald was headed to Texas. What's more is that Fitzgerald cleaned out the party's payroll safe. Henry then confronts Bridger with his rifle and beats the young man to the ground and puts him in the stockade. Glass vouches for Bridger's innocence to Henry, stating that he was only following orders. He also tells Henry how he saw Fitzgerald kill his son. Hearing that Fitzgerald is heading for Texas, Glass requests that he seek the man out himself. Henry reluctantly agrees to have Glass join him in the hunt. The two encounter Fitzgerald and split up to get him from opposite sides. Henry finds Fitzgerald first and plans to bring him back to be tried for murder. The two men draw their guns on each other, with Fitzgerald killing Henry. Glass finds Henry's body and puts him back on top of his horse using a branch as a prop. They ride on in view of Fitzgerald, who fires his rifle from a distance. He thinks he's killed Glass, but he just shot Henry's body. Glass gets a shot off and wounds Fitzgerald who runs while Glass pursues. They corner each other in the woods, and Fitzgerald shoots at Glass. Fitzgerald runs down by the creek where Glass finds him and they begin to fight. Fitzgerald nearly stabs Glass, but Glass turns the knife on him. Fitzgerald impales Glass' hand, but Glass overpowers him and nearly finishes him off until Fitzgerald states that killing him won't bring his boy back. On the other side of the creek, Glass sees the Indians that have been pursuing him, now with Powaqa. He decides that revenge is in God's hands, so he pushes Fitzgerald into the water and lets him float over to the Indians. The chief grabs Fitzgerald and kills him with his knife. They spare Glass since Powaqa tells them that Glass freed her. Although he has gotten his revenge, Glass is alone once again, wandering through the cold land. He falls on his knees and sees a vision of his wife once again walking into the light. The final shot is of Glass' eyes filling up with tears. 
 Togo (2019)Summaries The story of Togo, the sled dog who led the 1925 serum run despite being considered too small and weak to lead such an intense race. The historical film by the American director Ericson Core, which is dedicated to the events of the Great Mercy Race of 1925. The events of the film unfold around the drover Leonhard Seppala and his dog Togo, who went together the longest leg in the relay. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 