nm0002570:

 Problem Child (1990)541) A young boy is just short of a monster. He is adopted by a loving man and his wacky wife. The laughs keep coming as the boy pushes them to the limits. The story of a seven-year-old mischievous orphan boy named Junior. He is hardly a model child; mean-spirited and incorrigible. One day, he is adopted by a loving man along with his obnoxious wife named Ben Healy and Flo Healy. Ever since Junior comes into their lives, he turns ordinary days into full-scale comic nightmares! He also leaves a path of serious destruction in his wake, and is even pen pals with Martin Beck (A.K.A. The Bow Tie Killer, a notorious serial killer who kidnaps his faithful correspondent, along with Flo). And now it's up to Ben as he undertakes a rescue mission to get Junior back from Beck before he plans on hurting him. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} The seven-year-old orphan Junior has been rejected thirty times by his foster parents since he was a baby because he is wicked. He worships the criminal Martin Beck and wears a a bow tie just like his idol. Ben is a good affectionate man that dreams on being a father. However his flashy wife Flo is infertile and he convinces her to adopt a child. The couple is lured by Mr. Peabody that manages an orphanage and they adopt the little devil Junior. When Ben's father Big Ben meets the boy, he immediately tells that Junior is evil. Soon Ben learns that his father is correct; will he call off the adoption? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Meet Ben and Flo Healy! They want a young child of their own, but Flo is incapable of having a child herself. Enter Junior, a little monster who has been to foster parents' homes since he was a baby and always made himself get thrown out so one day he goes to the orphanage and causes trouble for the poor nuns (although some of them deserved it). So Ben and Flo go to adopt a child and the administrator, Peabody, cons them into taking Junior off their hands. Junior goes home with the Healys to a nice house which includes a bedroom full of clowns! Ben takes an immediate love to his son, no matter what the horrible things he does, even though he injured his grandfather, a bigoted politician, really turned a birthday party into a "blast", sicks a bear onto campers on a camping trip, and even goes on a joyride with convicted killer Martin Beck! Dylan Self <robocoptng986127@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the fictional town of Cold River, infant Junior is not accepted by any parents because of his bad behavior. At age 7, after the latest stunt involving destroying his trailer park home with a bulldozer, he is sent to the local orphanage where he continues his terror on the other kids and even the nuns. He also idolizes a notorious killer Martin Beck, after seeing him on the local news being sent to prison for his latest crime. At the same time, a childless couple, Ben Healy and his wife Flo, a desperate social climber, are frustrated that they cannot have a kid because of Flo's uterus system and she refuses to even think about adoption. Ben has problems of his own because he has worked for his blowhard father, Big Ben Healy, a sporting goods store conglomerate, as well as candidate for town mayor, for 10 years and was rejected any raises or promotions. One day, he announces to Ben that he is planning to sell the store to a Japanese corporation and decides not to give Ben the empty property the store was built on. Meanwhile, at the orphanage, Junior's behavior comes to a boiling point between the nuns and smarmy adoption agent Igor Peabody. The nuns threaten to walk out altogether, unless Junior is released, much to his delight. As Flo eventually warms up to the idea, she and Ben decide to adopt Junior. As they take their new son home, they invite Big Ben to meet Junior, but Big Ben is mortified to learn that they chose adoption. When they discover Junior's room is set on fire, Big Ben thinks Junior is a bad seed. As they leave the room, Junior throws Fuzzball, the cat, onto Big Ben, causing him to fall down the stairs. He is subsequently taken away in an ambulance while Fuzzball suffers broken legs. Meanwhile, in prison, Beck is undergoing a psychological examination, with the warden also present, but the doctor ushers him out of the room after he impedes one too many times. Shortly after, while looking at an inkblot, Beck snaps and strangles the doctor. He escapes by stealing his clothes, car, stuffing his dead body in the trunk, and posing as him to a gate guard as he drives away. One night, Junior is caught by Ben rummaging through the drawers in the living room, claiming he needed a pencil and writing pad to make a get well card to Big Ben. They then have a heart-to-heart and both admit that they're scared being a family, at first, but they are determined to make it work. The next day, they are invited to a weekend camping trip with another neighborhood family, the Whites, led by Roy, Ben's so-called friend as they both coach rival little-league teams and his kids immediately reject Junior. That night, Junior uses a raw steak to lure a bear into the camping site to scare Roy's kids, not knowing that Roy dresses up like one to playfully scare them. Hearing the commotion, Ben, wielding a frying pan, smashes Roy on the head several times. He takes off his costume head and falls down unconscious, while a confused Ben looks up to see Junior, laughing gleefully, sitting in a tree. When the Healys are invited to a birthday party, later, Junior gets revenge on the spoiled birthday girl for not inviting him to the magic show by throwing all the presents in the pool, replacing the pinata candy with canned peppers, putting a frog into the punch bowl and replacing the birthday cake candles with firecrackers. At this point, Ben realizes he will have to start enforcing punishment with Junior starting with taking away his allowance, but it seems it has no effect when he turns the annual Founder's day baseball game, also as a mayoral campaign example for Big Ben, into a baseball bat melee with the opposing players. Finally fed up, Ben and Flo decide to take him back to the orphanage, but when they find out by a frustrated Peabody how many times he has been returned by other parents, Ben decides they should keep him, much to Flo's aggravation, but Junior still gets the impression they do not want him and drives their car into Big Ben's store, destroying thousands of dollars of merchandise. Ben later receives a phone call from the bank stating that his entire account was wiped out by his father to pay the damages. Now on the brink of madness, Ben attempts to smother a napping Junior with a pillow until Beck shows up, claiming he is Junior's uncle. Flo thinks they should play along into thinking Junior is a good kid, but the next day Ben discovers that Beck has kidnapped her and Junior and is given until this afternoon to pay a $100,000 ransom. He speeds over to his father's store, who is in the process of making a live television appearance for the election. Big Ben refuses to pay his son the money, stating that both Flo and Junior's kidnapping was the best thing that happened to him as his father hates them both. Ben bitterly retaliates by turning on the TV camera as Ben rambles on, not realizing he is now live, about how he does not care about the voters and then moons the camera, shooting down any chance of becoming mayor. With the $100,000 in a duffel bag, Ben returns home to steal Roy's Jeep (whose family is ready for a weekend hunting trip) and races to a local circus where Beck is waiting, but he double-crosses Ben by deciding to keep both the money and Junior, but he kicks Beck in the crotch and runs off with Beck in pursuit. He follows Junior onto a trapeze catwalk in one of the circus tents, but Junior disconnects the holding bar sending Beck into a trampoline below. Ben reunites with Junior and the two chase after Beck. After a bump launches Flo, who is stuffed in a suitcase, out of Beck's car trunk, it lands on top of the Jeep. Ben uses Roy's shotgun to shoot out Beck's rear tire, causing him to overturn his car on a bridge. When the Jeep slams into his car, it launches the suitcase into the back of a passing farm truck below on the street. When the police arrive, Beck gets into a scuffle with the officers and shoots Ben with one of their guns. Thinking Ben has perished, Junior tearfully promises that he will be good, from now on. Ben wakes up and discovers the bullet went through his grandfather's friendship prune Ben gave Junior and who kept it in his bedroom. Ben and Junior happily walk away as Beck is hauled off and Flo unzips the suitcase on the truck, only to see the backside of a flatulent hog. 
 Veronica Mars (20042019)Summaries After her best friend is murdered, and her father is removed as county Sheriff, Veronica Mars dedicates her life to cracking the toughest mysteries in the affluent town of Neptune. The murder of high-school student Lilly Kane shook the seaside town of Neptune, California to the core. For once popular girl Veronica Mars, it meant the loss of her best friend and being ousted from the affluent crowd that she once thought were her friends. Her father, Sheriff Keith Mars, found himself voted out of his job after making some unpopular accusations about the murdered girl's family. In response, Keith opened his own private detective agency. Now, Veronica, with her sardonic wit and a few new friends, works as his assistant while also navigating life as a high school (and later college) student. L. Hamre It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Evening Shade (19901994)Summaries A former pro-football player moves back to his childhood hometown. In this laid-back comedy, Wood Newton (Burt Reynolds) is a former pro American Football player who has retired and returned to his childhood home, the small town of Evening Shade, Arkansas. He's now the coach of the local high school football team with a long losing streak, which brings him in constant contact with the other residents of the town. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Source (2002)Summaries Four outcast teenagers acquire mystical powers that allow them to become gods on campus, with deadly consequences. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 