nm0006720:

 Lady Bird (2017)761) In 2002, an artistically inclined seventeen-year-old girl comes of age in Sacramento, California. Christine "Lady Bird" McPherson (Saoirse Ronan) is a high school senior from the "wrong side of the tracks". She longs for adventure, sophistication, and opportunity, but finds none of that in her Sacramento Catholic high school. This movie follows the title character's senior year in high school, including her first romance, her participation in the school play, and most importantly, her applying for college. Dehlia Christine McPherson's (Saoirse Ronan's) senior year of high school in 2002/03 is presented, she the second of two children of Larry (Tracy Letts) and Marion McPherson (Laurie Metcalf). Outwardly, she hates most aspects of her life. She hates that they have long lived a life of barely scraping by, their situation all the worse now as they as a collective are a victim of the poor economy. That economic reality has led to Larry recently being laid off, Marion needing to work double shifts as a counselor at a psychiatric hospital just to keep their heads above water, and Christine's brother Miguel (Jordan Rodrigues) and his girlfriend Shelly Yuhan (Marielle Scott) moving back home in the McPhersons' small and already overcrowded house with one bathroom now for five people. She hates that what her parents have decided to spend on her within their already tight budget is an expensive Catholic private school education at Immaculate Heart, solely because Miguel witnessed long ago some violence outside Sacramento High School, where she would have gone otherwise. At Immaculate Heart, she has only two friends, equally poor Julie Steffans (Beanie Feldstein), they playing upon their outsider status. She hates living in Sacramento, she who is determined to go to a liberal arts college back east, preferably New York City, using financial aid rather than go to a California college such as nearby UC Davis, for which she would eligible for an in-state reduction in tuition, that option already barely affordable. Whether she will even get into college is questionable as she has placed little effort into her school work despite being bright, except perhaps in math. But arguably what she hates the most is her strained relationship with her mother, Marion who is always bad cop to Larry's good cop in the parenting role. Marion and Christine's strained relationship is exacerbated by both being strong willed people. Christine believes that her mother may love her because she has to, but truly doesn't like her. In not wanting to take things from her mother out of a natural course of family, Christine has decided to rename herself "Lady Bird", something she wants everyone to call her from now on. As Lady Bird goes through some major events her senior year - from discovering a new school extracurricular activity which includes boys from neighboring St. Francis Xavier, to testing the waters of dating, possible first love, and the prospect of sex, to wanting to be part of the in-crowd, to truly placing some effort into her short term post-secondary dreams - she and Marion may only have a short period of time to express their true love for each other, family or not, before it's too late. Huggo Going by the name of "Lady Bird", the outspoken Catholic high school senior student, Christine McPherson (Saoirse Ronan), is dreaming big of finally leaving her hometown of Sacramento, California, practically on pins and needles to attend a sophisticated New York City college. However, with her average grades and her family struggling to keep afloat, attending a public university closer to home would be a lot cheaper and safer, especially after last year's devastating 9/11 attack. In the end, amidst grades, numerous college applications, a blooming teenage sexuality, and a strong-willed mother who is a real mother hen, Lady Bird must find a way to make her dreams happen. Can she survive life's bumps and cracks? Nick Riganas Sacramento, California, 2002. Christine "Lady Bird" McPherson (Saoirse Ronan) is in her final year of high school. She longs to leave Sacramento and go to college on the East Coast. However, her protective, obsessive mother, pessimistic at her chances, is determined to keep her in California, and ideally nearby to home. Lady Bird's final year of school will be one of discovery, new experiences and finding herself. grantss Christine "Lady Bird" McPherson (Saoirse Ronan) is a senior at a Catholic high school in Sacramento, California in 2002. She longs to attend a prestigious college in "a city with culture". Her family is struggling financially, and her mother tells her that Lady Bird is ungrateful for what she has. Lady Bird and her best friend Julie Steffans (Beanie Feldstein) join their school theater program, where Lady Bird meets Danny O'Neill (Lucas Hedges). She and Danny develop a romantic relationship, and she has Thanksgiving dinner with Danny's wealthy family instead of her own, disappointing her mother. Their relationship ends when Lady Bird discovers Danny kissing a boy in a bathroom stall. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the year 2002, teenager Christine "Lady Bird" McPherson (Saoirse Ronan) and her pushy mother Marion (Laurie Metcalf) are driving back to their home in Sacramento, California after a tour of CA colleges. As Lady Bird is about to start her senior year of school, she is already thinking ahead of applying to schools away from California, particularly in New York. She and Marion argue over the issue, and Lady Bird throws herself out of the moving car to avoid hearing her angry mother talk, resulting in her having a broken arm. Lady Bird attends a Catholic school and is a long-time friend with Julie Steffans (Beanie Feldstein). The two of them mess around at the market where Lady Bird's adopted brother Miguel (Jordan Rodrigues) works along with Miguel's girlfriend Shelly (Marielle Scott), who also lives with the McPhersons. Lady Bird and Julie try out for the school's production of "Merrily We Roll Along". Lady Bird develops a crush on a boy named Danny O'Neill (Lucas Hedges), and the two of them start to date.. They lay in the grass at night and look up at the stars, picking one out and naming it. Over Thanksgiving weekend, Lady Bird joins Julie, Danny, and another friend as they smoke weed for the first time. They eat leftovers and laugh when Marion sees them. Later on, the students put on their show. At an after-party, Lady Bird finds Danny kissing another boy in the bathroom stall. She later confronts him over it, and he breaks down crying because he can't bring himself to admit that he's gay to others. Lady Bird hugs him. After Christmas break and the start of the new year, Lady Bird starts to make friends with a popular rich girl named Jenna Walton (Odeya Rush). She gets on Jenna's good side when they pull a prank on a teacher by putting a "Just married to Jesus" sign on her car. Later, the two meet up with another student named Kyle Scheible (Timothee Chalamet), who is in a band. They meet up with Kyle and other friends in a parking lot where they like to hang out. Lady Bird and Kyle later hook up at a party at Jenna's house. However, Lady Bird being friends with Jenna causes a strain on her friendship with Julie. Lady Bird hangs out at Kyle's house after she decides she is ready to have sex. They do so and he finishes quickly before he tells her that he was never a virgin as he had previously suggested to her. Lady Bird is angry at Kyle for lying, but he doesn't seem too concerned about it. Marion goes to pick her up, and Lady Bird starts crying. Marion then decides to take Lady Bird out. The two go to the mall to shop for prom dresses, and Lady Bird becomes upset when Marion criticizes the dresses she tries on. She tells her mom she wants her to tell her she's pretty and that she likes her (not just loves). Marion tells her that she's always encouraged her to be the best version of herself, and Lady Bird worries this is her best. Lady Bird checks the mail for college letters. She is disappointed at being rejected for most colleges due to her average-to-poor grades, but she becomes excited when she is told she is on the waiting list for a New York college. Kyle picks Lady Bird up on prom night with Jenna and her boyfriend. They decide they want to ditch prom altogether and go somewhere else. Lady Bird tells Kyle to drop her off at Julie's house. When she gets there, Lady Bird and Julie make up and head to prom together. Julie also tells Lady Bird she may not see her for the summer because she's going to stay with her divorced father who lives far away. Lady Bird and her friends graduate. While at lunch with her family, Danny passes them and accidentally lets it slip that Lady Bird is on a waiting list for the NY school, despite her telling her family she was going to University of Davis to stay close to home. Marion gets very upset and stops talking to Lady Bird for the summer, even as she tries to explain herself. Come September, Lady Bird bids her family and friends farewell. Her parents take her to the airport, and Marion is still not talking to her. Larry takes Lady Bird to the gate as Marion goes to park, but she then tries to make it to the departures entrance. She runs tearfully into Larry's arm, assuring her that Lady Bird will return. At college in New York, Lady Bird goes to a party where she gets very drunk. She meets a guy and introduces herself as Christine. They start to hook up but Lady Bird pukes and winds up in the hospital from alcohol poisoning. Lady Bird wakes up and leaves the hospital. She walks back toward her dorm through the city and then stops to call home. It goes straight to voicemail, so she leaves a message for Marion saying she should have told her more how much she loves her. 
 The Social Network (2010)761) As Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg creates the social networking site that would become known as Facebook, he is sued by the twins who claimed he stole their idea, and by the co-founder who was later squeezed out of the business. On a fall night in 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer programming genius Mark Zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea. In a fury of blogging and programming, what begins in his dorm room soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication. A mere six years and 500 million friends later, Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history... but for this entrepreneur, success leads to both personal and legal complications. Columbia Pictures Every age has its visionaries who leave, in the wake of their genius, a changed world--but rarely without a battle over exactly what happened and who was there at the moment of creation. "The Social Network" explores the moment at which Facebook was invented--through the warring perspectives of the super-smart young men who each claimed to be there at its inception. The movie moves from the halls of Harvard to the cubicles of Palo Alto to capture the heady early days of a culture-changing phenomenon in the making--and the way it both pulled a group of young revolutionaries together and then split them apart. In the midst of the chaos are Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg), the brilliant Harvard student who conceived a Web site; Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield), once Zuckerberg's close friend, who provided the seed money for the fledgling company; Napster founder Sean Parker (Justin Timberlake), who brought Facebook to Silicon Valley's venture capitalists; and the Winklevoss twins (Armie Hammer and Josh Pence), the Harvard classmates who asserted that Zuckerberg stole their idea and then sued him for ownership of it. Each has his own narrative, his own version of the Facebook story in this multi-level portrait of 21st Century success--both the youthful fantasy of it and its finite realities as well. Columbia Pictures As told through flashbacks via deposition hearings for two concurrent lawsuits, the development and early days of the social networking website Facebook is presented. Harvard students Mark Zuckerberg and Eduardo Saverin - officially listed as the co-founders of the website - were once best friends. Based on an on-line blog about his ex-girlfriend and a site he developed allowing its users to rate the hotness factor of girls on campus, Zuckerberg, who exhibited a streak of arrogance, was asked by fellow Harvardites, wealthy twins Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss , and their friend Divya Narendra, to enter into an agreement to develop a social networking website specifically for Harvard students, the attraction for people to visit it being its exclusivity solely to Harvard students. Zuckerberg agreed. Zuckerberg, with financing from his friend Saverin, decided instead to develop his own website without telling the "Winklevi" (as he calls the twins) and Narenda. Zuckerberg's assertion was that he never used a line of code provided by the three in his work. As "thefacebook" as it was then called began to blossom, the twins and Narenda had to figure out what to do to regain what they believed their intellectual property without having to sue, since that's not what gentlemanly Harvardites do. As the site was brought to more and more university campuses, Zuckerberg and Saverin began to have a difference of opinion: Saverin wanted to sell ad space to generate revenue (as he had been the website's sole financier and he had profit mentality based on being an economics major), while Zuckerberg, never one interested in money, didn't want to go that route as the ads would make the site lose its "cool" factor, which made it popular. The site attracted the attention of the founder of Napster, Sean Parker, whose own dot com life had its spectacular ups and spectacular downs. As Parker ingratiated himself into Facebook's life (much to Saverin's chagrin) and as Zuckerberg began increasingly to side with Parker, Saverin slowly began to be phased out of both Zuckerberg's personal and professional life. Huggo Not very good at expressing himself in person, Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg) first alienates himself from his girlfriend, who feels conversing with him is like working the 'stairmaster', while taking strong exception to his condescending remarks towards her. He and his buddy, Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield), plagiarize a proposed networking website from Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, made exclusively for Harvadites - re-naming it 'The Facebook'. This site connects students, describes what drives life in college, who's single, and how to hook-up with girls. Both then are approached by Napster-fame Sean Parker (Justin Timberlake), and upon his advise, 'The' is removed - giving birth to the now-revolutionary 'Facebook' - that can be accessed by anyone worldwide - not just a few exclusive campuses. But his competitiveness, inability to communicate, and the urge to be number one, will alienate him, and result in two lawsuits - one from the Winklevoss twins - and the second from none other than Eduardo himself. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) The story of the creators of Facebook and the subsequent legal battles that stretched out over several years. Told mostly in flashbacks while Mark Zuckerman gives depositions in two lawsuits, the idea of a shareable social information site came to him one night after he hacked into his school's database and published the photos of all the women at the school. One of his roommates, Eduardo Saverin, provides the upfront financing and Zuckerman deftly outmaneuvers two other students who had a similar idea. The relationship with Saverin deteriorates and he soon finding himself on the outside looking in. All in all, an unflattering picture of all those involved. garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In October 2003, Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg ( Jesse Eisenberg ) has the idea to create a website to rate the attractiveness of female Harvard undergraduates after his girlfriend Erica Albright ( Rooney Mara ) breaks up with him in the opening scene at a local bar after a bad date where his ego and abrasiveness brings out the worst in him. Over the course of a single night, a half-drunk Mark hacks into the databases of various residence halls, downloads pictures and names of female students and, using an algorithm for ranking chess players supplied by his best friend Eduardo Saverin ( Andrew Garfield ), he creates in a few hours a website called "FaceMash.com", where male students can interactively choose which of two girls presented at a time is more attractive. Mark is punished with six months of academic probation after the traffic to the site brings down parts of Harvard's computer network, and he becomes vilified among most of Harvard's female community. However, the popularity of "FaceMash" and the fact that he created it in one night, while drunk, brings him to the attention of Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss ( Armie Hammer and Josh Pence ), identical twins and members of Harvard's rowing team, and their business partner Divya Narendra ( Max Minghella ). As a result, he gains a job working for the Winklevoss twins as the programmer of their website, Harvard Connection. Soon afterwards, Mark approaches his friend Eduardo and tells him of his idea for what he calls "Thefacebook", an online social networking website exclusive to Harvard University students. He explains this would let people share personal and social information securely. Eduardo agrees to help Mark, providing a fee of $1,000 to help start the site. Once complete, they distribute the link to Eduardo's connections at the Phoenix S-K final club, and it quickly becomes popular throughout the student body. When they learn of Thefacebook, the Winklevoss twins and Narendar believe that Zuckerberg stole their idea while simultaneously stalling on their website. Cameron and Divya want to sue Mark for intellectual property theft, but Tyler convinces them they can settle the matter as "Harvard gentlemen" without resorting to the courts. A few months later, at a lecture by Bill Gates ( Steve Sires ), fellow Harvard University student Christy Lee ( Brenda Song ) introduces herself and her friend Alice ( Melise ) to Eduardo and Mark. She asks that the boys "Facebook us", which impresses both of them. The girls invite them to a bar, where they have sex in the toilet. Mark later runs into his ex-girlfriend, Erica, who is not aware of The Facebook's existence because she is not a Harvard University student. Stung by this, Mark decides to expand the site to more schools. Christy, Mark, and Eduardo later return to Mark's room where they outline the structure of the company and their plan for moving forward. By the spring of 2004, the Facebook grows in popularity, and it expands to other schools in the Northeastern United States, while the Winklevoss twins and Narendra become angrier at seeing "their idea" advance without them. Tyler refuses to sue them, instead accusing Mark of violating the Harvard student Code of Conduct. Through their father's connections they arrange a meeting with Harvard President Larry Summers ( Douglas Urbanski ), who is dismissive and sees no potential value in either a disciplinary action or in a lawsuit against Thefacebook website itself. Through Christy Lee, now Eduardo's girlfriend, Eduardo and Mark arrange a meeting with Napster co-founder Sean Parker ( Justin Timberlake ). When Christy, Mark and Eduardo meet Parker at a trendy Fusion restaurant in New York City, Eduardo becomes skeptical of the eccentric Parker, noting his problematic personal and professional history. Mark, however, is impressed with Parker since he presented a similar vision of Facebook. Although no deals are reached, Parker suggests that they drop "The" from Thefacebook to make it simply "Facebook". That summer, Mark moves the company's base of operation to Palo Alto, California at Parker's suggestion, while Eduardo remains in New York for seeking advertising support. When Eduardo visits from New York, he is angered to find that Parker is living at the house and making business decisions for Facebook. After an argument with Mark, the vindictive Eduardo freezes the company's bank account and returns to New York. Upon returning, Christy and Eduardo argue about his Facebook profile, which still lists him as "single". Christy accuses Eduardo of cheating on her and sets fire to a scarf he gave to her as a gift. While Eduardo extinguishes the fire, Mark angrily calls him on the phone about freezing the Facebook bank accounts, and reveals that they have secured money from "an angel investor" through Parker's contacts. As a result of Christy's jealousy, Eduardo ends his relationship with her. Meanwhile in England, while competing in the Henley Royal Regatta, the Winklevoss twins become outraged that Facebook has expanded to a number of universities there and they finally decide to sue Mark. Eduardo has also discovered the deal he signed with Parker's investors allows them to dilute his share of the company from a third to less than one tenth of one percent, while maintaining the ownership percentage of all other parties. He confronts his erstwhile friend Mark at his new Facebook office in downtown L.A. and announces his intention to sue him. Later that night, Parker, along with a number of Facebook interns, is arrested for possession of cocaine during a party thrown on the occasion of Facebook's 1 millionth member. It is strongly implied (but never fully explained) that Mark had anonymously tipped off the police to raid the frat house where the party was held and probably had someone plant drugs at the party to intentionally have Parker and his interns arrested to remove them from the Facebook company. In the final scene, a junior lawyer for the defense informs Mark they will be settling with Eduardo, since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Mark's cynical personality will make a jury highly unsympathetic to him. The film ends with Mark sending a friend request to his former girlfriend Erica on Facebook, and refreshing the page every few seconds waiting for a response that never comes. Several final on-screen texts state that the Winklevoss twins agreed to a settlement of $65 million and signed a non-disclosure agreement. They later went on to row in the Beijing Olympics and arrive at sixth place. Eduardo received an unknown settlement and has his name placed back on the masthead as Facebook's Co-Founder. And that Facebook now has 500 million users in 207 countries and is valued at over $25 billion. Therefore making Mark Zuckerberg the youngest self-made billionaire in the world. 
 Friends (19942004)761) Follows the personal and professional lives of six twenty to thirty-something-year-old friends living in Manhattan. Ross Geller, Rachel Green, Monica Geller, Joey Tribbiani, Chandler Bing, and Phoebe Buffay are six twenty-somethings living in New York City. Over the course of 10 years and seasons, these friends go through life lessons, family, love, drama, friendship, and comedy. The lives of twenty-something friends in New York City, each with their own dreams and drives: Joey a struggling actor, Monica a chef, Rachel a waitress who hopes to work in fashion, Ross a paleontologist, Chandler who hates his job in data processing, and Phoebe a masseuse/musician. "With a Little Help From My Friends" is a song written by the Beatles (and expertly covered by Joe Cocker) and it could easily be the subtitle for the thirty minute comedy, "Friends". In 1994, the idea was created for "Friends": a show about six friends in New York as they navigate their way through life and learn to grow up as they approach the third decade of their life. All, with the help from each other to get them through the obstacles that life naturally has for us. Monica is the excessively neat and organized "older sister" of the group, who works as a chef while yearning to find her ideal love. Ross, Monica's older brother, is a paleontologist with a lifelong crush on Rachel. He is a laid-back man with low self esteem and a recent divorcee. Rachel is the pretty, bubbly girl who spent most of her life as a spoiled rich princess. Now she must learn to face the real world. Chandler is Ross' college buddy and the guy who will crack jokes at a moment's notice. Phoebe is a lovable eccentric masseuse who easily could have fit in with Haight Ashbury in the 1960s. And Joey, the friend who has an inverse relationship between his good looks and his intelligence. He dreams of becoming an actor. These six individuals make up the cast of Friends. In May 2004, Friends officially ended it's phenomenal 10 year run. The show's time slot was taken over by a spin-off called Joey. ahmetkozan Six young (20-something) people from New York City (Manhattan), on their own and struggling to survive in the real world, find the companionship, comfort and support they get from each other to be the perfect antidote to the pressures of life. This average group of buddies goes through massive mayhem, family trouble, past and future romances, fights, laughs, tears and surprises as they learn what it really means to be a friend. ahmetkozan A Comedy Series based in Manhatten about 6 young friends, in the struggle to find success and happiness in life, but it is never that straight forward, is it? Rachel Green - A popular schoolgirl of the past, is now a spoiled brat living off her fathers finance. In an attempt to start a new life after running out on her wedding, she shares an apartment with an old best friend Monica Geller, and eventually befriends the other 4 and Monica's older brother, Ross. Monica Geller - A compulsive neat freak, who has trouble with her love life. Monica was teased when she was in high school for being overweight. However, now a head-chef at a top restaurant in Manhatten, she has lost all her excessive weight, and just wants to start a family with 'the right guy' to complete a happy life. Ross Geller - Older Brother of Monica, he has always had strong love feelings for Rachel. A successful professor of science leads him to be often teased by the other 5 friends about his profession. Ross has experienced many misfortunes in life, including 3 divorces and bringing up a child with his lesbian ex-wife. Ross now is devoted to finding a girl to settle down with, without a divorce, and makes it his personal goal to share happiness with Rachel. Phoebe Buffay - Brought up as a fatherless child, Phoebe is a ditzy yet loveable hippy, who has become a personal masseuse. Despite liking her profession, her dream is to become a star in the music industry and bases her songs on her life experiences. The other 5 friends secretly believe that Phoebe will never make it, but still encourage her to write. Phoebe often performs at the 'Central Perk' coffee house, and strongly believes in herself. Chandler Bing - A financially secure data processor, who relies on humor as a defense mechanism. Despite being rich, the other 5 have no idea what his profession is, and Chandler is a wimpy, average looking cigarette addict, who has never had a serious relationship. Will he ever get it, and is she just round the corner from him? Joey Tribiani - Despite being close to all the friends, he is especially open with Chandler, who his also his roommate. Joey is a small time actor, who desperately wants fame and fortune, and Chandler has high hopes of Joey, so helps Joey with money for acting lessons and professional photographs. Despite being a relatively bad actor, Joey is an adorable, sensitive guy, who is very successful with women, but needs to become famous and rich to complete his successful life. Mekaeal Chaudary Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comedy series about a tight-knit group of friends living in Manhattan. It also covers their interactions with their families, their lovers, and various colleagues over a period of several years. The series opens with runaway bride Rachel Green, who has just abandoned her fiance Barry Farber at the altar. Having no place to stay in New York City, she manages to locate Monica Geller. Monica used to be Rachel's best friend during their high school year, though they have not seen each other in several years. Rachel convinces Monica to take her in as her new roommate. They rekindle their friendship. Rachel used to be a "daddy's girl" who relied entirely on her wealthy father to cover her expenses. Having lost his favor, she gets her first real job as a waitress at the coffeehouse Central Perk. She has no actual skill at her job, but her manager Gunther has fallen for her and never fires her. In later seasons, Rachel is able to find a more lucrative job in a fashion company. Monica is a hardworking chef, who owns her own apartment. She is good at her job, but has men-related problems in her personal life. She also has her share of psychological problems, including an obsession with cleanliness, unreasonable levels of competitiveness and frequent signs of obsessive-compulsive behavior. Additional issues explored in the series involve her traumatic memories of her childhood obesity, and her poor relationship with her mother, who always criticizes her. The third member of the group is Ross Gellar, Monica's older brother. He is a paleontologist, who is trying to recover from the abrupt end of his first marriage. His wife Carol Willick came out as a lesbian, and moved in with her lover Susan Bunch. Ross and Carol have a son, Ben. Ross tries to be a good parent, but does not have full custody over him. Meanwhile, he pursues relationships with various women, and tries to advance his career. In later seasons, Ross impulsively marries twice, leading to two more divorces. His string of failed marriages somewhat damages his self-esteem. As explored throughout the series, he was always his parents' favorite and he had an inflated ego. The fourth member of the group is Chandler Bing, a lifelong friend of Ross. He works as a statistical analyst at a company. He resents his job, though it pays well and he is typically more affluent than his friends. He has a sarcastic sense of a humor. He is rather effeminate in behavior, though he is upset when people keep assuming that he is homosexual. As explored in the series, Chandler is the son of celebrity parents. His father is drag queen performer Charles Bing, a fixture of Las Vegas show business. His mother is erotic novelist Nora Tyler Bing, highly successful in her field. He grew up exposed to their respective sex lives, and their eccentricities. He has had more than his share of traumatic experiences and personal insecurities, and typically uses humor as a self-defense mechanism. The fifth member of the group is struggling actor Joey Tribbiani. He starts the series as Chandler's roommate and the two have a closer relationship to each other than anyone else. Joey experiences the unsteady nature of his profession, with relatively few high-profile roles and frequent periods of unemployment. Joey is depicted as rather dim-witted, but gregarious and quite charming. He is a ladies' man, and typically picks up dates or has sex more frequently than anyone else in the group. He has relatively few serious relationships. In his relations to others, he demonstrates a protective streak. He can act as a surrogate brother to his friends. The sixth member of the group is Phoebe Buffay, Monica's former roommate. She works as a masseuse and self-taught folk musician. Phoebe's mother committed suicide when Phoebe was 14-years-old. Phoebe has mostly fended for herself ever since, and reportedly committed a few crimes while living as a street kid. Grown-up Phoebe has instead become a pacifist, a vegetarian, and a tree hugger. She has picked up a few New Age ideas and superstitions, such as believing in spirits and reading in tea-leaves. To Ross' annoyance, Phoebe does not believe in the theory of evolution. Despite having little formal education, Phoebe is apparently fluent in French and Italian. Subplots involving Phoebe involve her relations with surviving members of her family, such as the father who abandoned her, and a kid brother who relies on her for help. Phoebe also has an identical twin sister, Ursula, who seemingly hates Phoebe for unknown reasons. 
 NYPD Blue (19932005)Summaries Detectives from NYPD's 15th Precinct investigate homicides within their precinct. Each week, viewers saw the gritty reality of life in a New York City Police unit, as the officers go about their work with a grim determination, and a willingness to break the same laws that they're supposed to be enforcing. Two partners, Detectives Andy Sipowicz (Dennis Franz) and John Kelly (David Caruso) (later replaced by Bobby Simone (Jimmy Smits)), were the central characters in this weekly Police drama, and personified very different approaches to their difficult job. Sipowicz's brash gruffness (covering an emotional vulnerability) was tempered by the precise and controlled demeanor of the two partners with whom he has worked. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 