nm0011815:

 Fuzz Track City (2012)Summaries Murphy Dunn, a wannabe James Bond, is relegated to a down and out private detective. Murphy finally gets his big break when he is hired by a sultry woman from his past to find her missing son. Murphy soon finds himself embroiled in a mystery of mayhem, music and murder surrounding an obscure 1970's rock record with a chance to finally "shoot his weapon"! Will the guns, gadgets, gizmos and his good looks be enough to capture the Villain and impress the ladies? Indican Pictures It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beyond Belief: Fact or Fiction (19972002)Summaries Within the course of one hour 5 stories are shown. None of these stories have any logical explanation, and some of them actually occurred. You are left to decide which of these stories, if any are fact, and which are fiction. Jessica Byrd <rose-y-girl@mailexcite.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Decade (endz) (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sliders (19952000)Summaries A boy genius and his comrades travel to different parallel universes, trying to find their way back home. Quinn Mallory, while working on an anti-gravity machine, accidentally creates a portal to a parallel universe. Eventually, his friends and an unwilling participant accidentally get stuck traveling among parallel worlds, trying to survive, and learning that sliding can lead to fatal results. Meanwhile, among many changes in their group, they try to rescue the multiverse from the Kromagg Dynasty. Lee Jamilkowski While trying to develop an anti-gravity device, physics genius Quinn Mallory instead creates a device that opens portals to alternative realities. After an accident leaves them lost, Mallory and his companions: his physics professor, Professor Maximillian Arturo, his work colleague and potential love, Wade Wells, and a washed-up soul singer, Rembrandt Brown, "slide" from reality to reality in search of home. Stewart M. Clamen <clamen@cs.cmu.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 