nm0005624:

 Cuarto oscuro (1996)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bienvenido-Welcome (1994)Summaries During a business trip a married man has an affair with a blonde who leaves him the message "Welcome to the world of sida". It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 En el espejo del cielo (1998)Summaries A boy plays with a plane's reflection on a pond near his house. A reflection on a young boy's steps toward maturity. A boy of seven or eight lives with his mother in a small house in rural Mexico. He wants to capture a jet airplane that flies over the fields every day. He tries to grab its reflection when it passes across the animals' watering hole. First, he tries leaping astride the reflection, another day he flings one of his mother's blankets over it as it passes. Then, he builds a box with a side flap he can close as the plane's reflection travels the surface of the pond. With success comes responsibility: what should he do with the plane once he's captured it in his box? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zurdo (2003)Summaries Futuristic movie about Alejandro, a gifted left-handed child marble player who must win a competition as the entire town's hopes - and money - rest on him. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 