nm0003067:

 A Walk Among the Tombstones (2014)431) Private investigator Matthew Scudder is hired by a drug kingpin to find out who kidnapped and murdered his wife. Matt Scudder is a former cop now a private eye. He is asked by a drug dealer to find the men who kidnapped his wife. It seems like they killed her even after he paid them. Scudder refuses. But the man later goes to see him and tells him how his wife was killed. Scudder takes the job. He does some research and thinks the men he is looking for have done this more than once. And that everyone they grabbed is connected to a drug dealer. He was about to give up when they grab another girl and Scudder tries make sure she's returned alive. rcs0411@yahoo.com In 1991, In New York, Matt Scudder is an alcoholic police detective. In 1999, Scudder is retired from the police and is a private investigator without license. When his comrade Peter Kristo from the rehab invites him to visit his brother Kenny Kristo, who is a drug dealer, Scudder learns that Kenny's wife Ann Carrie Kristo) had been abducted and cut into pieces by the kidnappers. Now Kenny wants to find the killer to get revenge. Scudder initially refuses the case but then he accepts to investigate. Soon he finds that the killers have murdered other women connected to drug dealers and they get their files from the DEA. When the fourteen year-old daughter of a drug dealer is also kidnapped, Scudder heads up a group to rescue the teenager. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York City, 1991 Detective Matt Scudder (Liam Neeson) is in a car with his partner. He then enters a bar where cops don't have to pay for their drinks. The bartender serves Matt two liquor shots and a cup of coffee. Two punks then come in and try to take some money, when the bartender says 'no'. They shoot the man in the chest, prompting Matt to take his gun and fire at them. He runs into the street and shoots one man down. The second man and a third drive away. Matt shoots the driver while the final man flees. Matt gets him in the thigh and follows him down some steps. Matt shoots him down. Over the opening credits, we see a woman lying down with her eyes wide open. A man kisses her cheek. Then we see another man next to him. The camera pans back to show the woman's mouth is taped closed. A tear rolls down her cheek. Eight years later, Matt, now a recovering alcoholic, is in a diner about to have a meal when a junkie named Peter (Boyd Holbrook) approaches him, asking Matt for help for Peter's brother. Matt at first doesn't seem interested, but then seemingly out of empathy for the young lad, follows Peter out and goes with him to the home of his brother, Kenny Kristo (Dan Stevens). Kenny knows of Matt's work as a private investigator and offers him $20,000 to find the men that kidnapped and killed his wife, despite Kenny paying the ransom they requested. Matt figures out that Kenny is a drug dealer. Kenny corrects him and says he is a drug trafficker. And he should know the difference. Matt refuses to help him, assuming he simply wants to exact vigilante justice. He closes the lid on the money offered and abruptly walks out. Matt attends an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. Matt returns to his apartment and finds Kenny sitting in the hall outside his apartment waiting for him. He tells her his wife's name (Carrie) to assure Matt that he did care about his wife. Through a flashback, we see the moment Kenny got the phone call from the kidnappers demanding a ransom of $1 million. The kidnapper arrives at this figure by estimating the weight of his wife and how much the equivalent weight in cocaine would fetch. The kidnapper emphasizes he would easily pay this amount for the illicit powder, surely the flesh of his wife should be worth as much. Kenny emphatically pleads he doesn't have that kind of money. The kidnapper casually agrees to cut it in half and demands $500,000. Kenny holds firm and haggles him down to $400,000. To prove that he does in fact have her, the main kidnapper provides a physical description of Carrie's breasts. He threatens to cut off one of Carrie's breasts and send it to Kenny as further proof that he has her. Kenny complies and brings the money to the area described and waits as instructed for Carrie to be placed back in his car. However, She never arrives. He is then told she will be at their home. Kenny races home to find her still absent. He is then told to look in the trunk of an old car in Red Hook. There are several bags in there. Kenny picks one up and cuts it open. Blood spills out. Kenny hands Matt a tape recorder that was left in the trunk. Matt listens to it after Kenny leaves. It contains a recording of Carrie in the throes of the horror the kidnappers perpetrated on her. Carrie is complimented on her beautiful breasts. Whether through fear or sexual arousal, the topless Carrie is able to maintain erect nipples in front of her kidnappers until she screams as her torture and mutilation apparently begins. This gives Matt cause to investigate. Matt looks around Red Hook to get leads. What he knows is that the kidnappers were most likely involved with the D.E.A. All the people he asks say they saw a van and two men close to where Carrie was last seen. Every person Matt asks gives him a different version of what was written on the van, since the two men keep repainting the van. Matt goes to the library to find articles on similar killings. He reads two articles on victims named Marie Gotteskind and Leila Andrersen. Behind him is a street kid named T.J. (Brian "Astro" Bradley) who is being chastised by the librarian for making a mess and sleeping on the premises. Matt intrudes to save the boy from further grilling. He asks him for help with looking for other articles. T.J. translates Marie's surname, Gotteskind, as a German name that means, "Child of God." Together, they learn that a leg was found in a dumpster by a florist, while other bags filled with body parts were in the pond of a cemetery. Matt offers to shake the boys hand to thank him for his help. The boy is not amused and states his time is valuable. How much, Matt asks? Ten dollars, the boy responds. Matt gives him twenty and asks if he'd like to get a burger. The boy advises him that he does not eat meat. But he would none the less like to "get his eat on." At a diner Matt treats TJ to pancakes. Matt goes to the cemetery to speak with the groundskeeper, Jonas Loogan (Olafur Darri Olafsson). At first Loogan is happy to see him, assuming he's a police officer responding to his request for a ride along to help him flesh out the details of a book he is writing. Loogan senses something is not right and gives Matt a fake name of his boss to test him. Matt fails the test, but is unfazed. He questions Loogan about the bags he found in the pond. Loogan is quite forthcoming. Yet, he states he repressed the memory of finding the dead woman in all those bags. He acts upset that Matt reminded him of it. Matt tries to recover by asking him what his book is about. Loogan shrugs him off by saying, "don't patronize me." He then drives away in his garbage collecting vehicle. Matt waits for Loogan across the street from the cemetery after his shift and follows him to his apartment. Matt discovers T.J. has been following him, trying to aid him in detective work. Matt tells him to stop following him. He leaves him to find Leila's fiance Reuben (Mark Consuelos), an out-of-work actor who is working out at home in the afternoon. He also just happens to live in the building across the street from Loogan. Inside his apartment Matt asks Reuben about the last time he saw Leila. He says he was supposed to meet her at a cafe. But instead he witnessed her getting taken into a van by two men and a third - the driver. Matt suspects Reuben of also being a drug dealer. There is a joke here as Matt says, "or would you prefer 'Trafficker'", which is a call back to the distinction Kenny made earlier. Matt looks out the window and sees a cage of birds on the rooftop of the building across the street. He goes to that building and finds a locked shed on the rooftop that belongs to Jonas. The shed is Loogan's writing room. Matt finds a page of unfinished prose he was writing, along with pictures of Reuben and Leila having sex taken from a vantage point directly across, presumably from Jonas's window or the roof top. Jonas finds Matt in there and takes out a knife. Matt convinces him to put it down. Jonas admits that he was the driver when he and the two men kidnapped Leila. He didn't like that she was doing drugs with Reuben, so he conspired with the two men to take her away from there and keep her safe. Instead, they had Jonas drive to a spot where he witnessed the main kidnapper cutting her blouse open and forcing her to choose which of her breasts she wants to keep while he cuts off the other one. Horrified, Jonas fled the scene. Matt asks where he can find them. Jonas feeds his birds and gives Matt one name (Ray) before he jumps off the roof and lands on a car. We meet the two kidnappers, Ray and Albert (David Harbour and Adam David Thompson), in their home, reading about Y2K fears. Ray delivers the line that is uses as the tag line on the poster, "People are afraid of all the wrong things." They drive by the home of another drug trafficker, Yuri Landau (Sebastian Roche). They see Yuri's pretty 14-year-old daughter Ludmilla, better known as Lucia (Danielle Rose Russell), walking her dog. She politely waves to the men as she passes their van, presuming they'd stopped out of kindness to let her pass with her dog. In fact Ray is enchanted by her. Matt goes to a store and asks the owner about Marie Gotteskind. Matt later goes to an apartment where he is struck by the owner and his son since they have apparently been repeatedly accused of killing her. They tell Matt that she was a cop and that she was dealing drugs along with them. Matt comes across T.J. in the streets, now carrying a gun he found. Matt tells him how to use it and then says T.J. should shoot himself in the head because that's all that can happen if he's carrying it. The next day, Matt is followed by a man coming out of a van with East Village Plumbing Supply written on it, similar to the one the kidnappers were driving. Matt gets into an apartment and hides himself. He wraps a scarf around his fist and gets the man to peek in through the window. As he does he smashes through it into the guy's face. Matt then finds out the man is an agent with his partners. They take Matt in a van and drop him off after he asks them about Marie and gets no answers. Matt gets into Peter's apartment where he's about to shoot up. On the wall are dozens of nude paintings of Carrie, as Peter was in love with her. He painted her nude portrait as a gift for Kenny which hangs in his living room. Here though the poses are far more provocative. Matt tells him to tell Kenny that he will return him his money since he doesn't want to be involved in this case anymore. In the rain, T.J. is found by two punks that want their gun back. He tells them he threw it in the river, so they beat him with his backpack. Matt finds him at Bellevue Hospital. There, he learns from the doctor that T.J. has sickle cell anemia, which was triggered by either the rain or the assault. When T.J. wakes up, he asks Matt why he stopped being a cop. Matt reveals that during the shootout (from the opening scene), one of the bullets accidentally struck a 7-year-old girl in the eye, killing her, with his drinking apparently causing him to miss his intended target. Matt has been sober ever since. "It kind of took all the fun out of it," we hear him repeatedly say at the end of each AA sharing session. Ray and Albert break into the Landau home and tase the dog before tasing Lucia and kidnapping her after she tends to her sick mother. Peter finds Matt and brings him to the Landau home where the kidnappers have called and are demanding a ransom for Lucia. Yuri answers and tries to negotiate. Matt takes the phone from him and tells Ray that they won't get a cent if Lucia is harmed. The kidnappers claim that their earlier dismemberment of Carrie was a one time event--they cut Carrie because Kenny cut the ransom payment--but this claim is suspect given that Leila met a similar fate to Carrie. Matt negotiates with Ray to prove that the girl is safe by asking Lucia for the name of her current dog, the name of her previous dog, and what happened to that dog. When Ray succeeds in this, they arrange a drop. Matt calls T.J. on a phone he left him and asks him to go to his place and get a box, and to give it to Peter. T.J. comes with Peter and the box, as T.J. did not trust Peter alone with it. Matt, Kenny, Peter, Yuri, and T.J. all go to the cemetery to meet with the kidnappers. Peter is hiding behind the tombstones with a rifle. They make the exchange, though Lucia's hands are bloodied due to losing several fingers, with Ray making a comment that this happened before the conditions were set. The girl returns to her father, and Albert takes the money. He realizes it's counterfeit and tries to tell Ray before Matt takes out his gun and shoots Ray twice in the chest, though he is saved by his bulletproof vest. Albert shoots at everyone and hits Peter, while Matt manages to get Ray in the side, wounding him. The kidnappers get away in their van while Matt and Kenny tend to a dying Peter. Peter tries admit his love for Carrie, but since he can only say "I loved...", Kenny takes it as an admission of brotherly love, and he returns it. Matt goes to the car and sees T.J. is missing. T.J. snuck into the back of the kidnappers' van and stowed away during their return home. He gets the street name and lets Matt know. In their house, Albert tries to patch up Ray's bullet wound. They go down to the basement where Albert instead strangles Ray with the garrote. Choking the life out of him on the floor. He goes back upstairs to eat. Shortly Matt, Kenny, and T.J. enter the house. Albert casually says, you can have your money back. Matt cuffs Albert to a pipe and leaves him to Kenny. Matt sends T.J. back to his place in a cab. Kenny whacks Albert in the head with a bottle and goes downstairs to find Ray. Albert gets himself loose. Matt decides to go back inside and finish the job, remembering the 12 Steps he heard at an AA meeting--close ups of Matt and a voice over of a woman reciting the 12 steps of AA meetings are interspersed throughout the final film, starting from the shoot out in the cemetery, where action is freeze framed as Matt seeming recounts the 12 steps in his head. Upon reentering the house, Matt finds a bloody scene. Albert is not where he left him. He veers down to the basement and sees Kenny dead on the staircase. His hand severed clean off. A pool of blood covers remaining the steps. Matt slips on the blood and falls down the half flight of steps to the bottom. Albert approaches from behind and attempts to strangle him to death with the garrote. As he does this, Matt fires his side arm backwards, but is unable to hit Albert. Matt manages to grapple free as Albert heads to the sink to retrieve a large meat cleaver. Matt eyes the taser Ray had pocketed earlier to protect himself just slipping out of his track pant pocket as he lays head against the far wall. He lunges for the taser just as Albert launches at him with the cleaver, nailing him in the groin causing Alberts blow to land in the shoulder of his dead partner Ray. He tasers him once again in the neck. Matt grabs a gun on the floor. As Albert begins to speak a word or two Matt shoots him clean in the head, cutting off anything he was attempting to say. Matt returns home to find T.J. sleeping on the couch. He spots a drawing that T.J. made of himself as a superhero with a sickle insignia on the chest. Matt sits down and slowly closes his eyes. When he wakes up, T.J. is gone, preferring not to have anyone looking after him. 
 The Man in the High Castle (20152019)44) In a dystopian America dominated by Nazi Germany and Imperial Japan, a young woman discovers a mysterious film that may hold the key to toppling the totalitarian regimes. What would it be like if the Allied Powers had lost WWII, and Japan and Germany ruled the United States? Amazon Studios The Man in the High Castle is a startling depiction of an alternate history as imagined by author Philip K. Dick in his best-selling novel; a world in which Nazi Germany and Japan were victorious in World War II. The year is 1962 and the Axis Powers occupy the United States, where fascism rules and the few surviving Jews hide under assumed names. ahmetkozan It is the year 1962. Having lost World War 2, the United States is now occupied by Germany and Japan. Germany occupies the eastern states and Japan the western, with the Neutral Zone in between. When her sister is killed by the Japanese, Juliana Crain is sucked into the covert, dangerous world of the American Resistance. Opposing her and her comrades are the most ruthless forces the Nazis and Japanese have to offer, lead by Obergruppenfuhrer John Smith of the SS and Chief Inspector Kido of the Kempeitai. The Resistance's greatest hope appears to lie in films which show an alternate reality, a world where the US and its allies won WW2. While largely viewed as propaganda, these films could be more than that. At the centre of the manufacture and distribution of these films is one man, a figurehead in the Resistance: The Man in the High Castle. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 6 Underground (2019)321) Six individuals from all around the globe, each the very best at what they do, have been chosen not only for their skill, but for a unique desire to delete their pasts to change the future. What's the best part of being dead? It's the freedom. The freedom to fight the evil which lurks in our world. 6 Underground's group of unnamed individuals have chosen to change the future. The team's brought together by enigmatic leader code-named 'One', whose sole mission is to ensure that, he and his fellow teammates will have their actions remembered. Peter Tilbrook Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Four years after witnessing the horrors of a brutal regime in the Central Asian nation of Turgistan, an unnamed American billionaire and philanthropist, who made his fortunes from inventing neodymium magnets, fakes his own death to form an anonymous vigilante squad to take down criminals and terrorists that governments will not touch. Now known as "One", he recruits five other people to abandon their pasts and join his cause as "ghosts": Two, a spy; Three, a hitman; Four, a parkour runner and thief; Five, a doctor; and Six, a driver. On their first mission in the Italian city of Florence, the team kills the lawyer of Turgistan's four generals before they drive across the city in a green Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrifoglio while chased by the Mafia and the police. Six is killed just as they manage to get away. Days later, One recruits Blaine, a former Delta Force sniper suffering from survivor's guilt over his inability to save his team due to orders in Afghanistan, and renames him "Seven". One plans a mission to stage a coup d'tat to topple the government of Turgistan dictator Rovach Alimov and install his imprisoned brother Murat as the country's new leader during the Day of the Dead. It is revealed that Two had reluctantly captured Murat and handed him back to Rovach before becoming a Ghost. The team assassinates Rovach's generals in Las Vegas and successfully extracts Murat from Hong Kong, but Four is nearly killed until Seven intervenes despite protests from One. Following an argument between One and Seven about One's willingness to leave people behind, the Ghosts break their code of anonymity and reveal each other's names. In Turgistan, One sets his plan in motion by hacking the state-run television station during Rovach's address to give Murat a voice to the people. Murat's impromptu speech inspires the citizens to revolt while strategic explosions in the city force Rovach to evacuate to his private yacht and Murat occupies the palace. The Ghosts storm through the yacht and One activates a magnetic pulse to incapacitate the guards. When the yacht is immobilized in the middle of the ocean, One decides to save Four from a henchman instead of capturing Rovach. Rovach flees by helicopter, only to discover it to be commandeered by Murat and the Ghosts, who drop him near the border to feed him to the refugees that fled his regime. In the aftermath of the revolution, Murat becomes Turgistan's new president and the ghosts part ways until they are once again needed. Two and Three begin a relationship, as well as Four and Five, and One travels to New York City and sees his son, whom he will pass his fortunes to should he die in the next mission. 
 The Young Pope (2016)Summaries The beginning of the pontificate of Lenny Belardo, alias Pius XIII, the first American Pope in history. Young and charming, newly elected Pius XIII, aka Lenny Belardo, is the first American Pope in history. His ascension appears to be the result of a simple, effective media strategy implemented by the College of Cardinals. In the Vatican, however, the prevailing wisdom is the church's leaders have chosen a mysterious figure as their guiding force. And Pius XIII proves to be the most mysterious and contradictory of them all. As Belardo begins his reign, he is stubbornly resistant to the Vatican stewards, instead relying on Sister Mary to serve as his chief adviser. While she urges him to focus on leading his billion followers, the young pope shows little interest in making himself known, either to the College of Cardinals or to the masses. The 10-episode drama series stars Jude Law in the title role and Diane Keaton as Sister Mary, a nun from the U.S. now living in Vatican City. The young cardinal Lenny Belardo, who appears in the position of the Pope, is a miracle. He is 47, for the Pope this is an unthinkable youth. The elderly cardinals hope that the "youth" can be easily controlled, but it wasn't there: the young pontiff shows rare obstinacy and waywardness. He is not going to change his habits, his narcissism sometimes surpasses all conceivable limits, and the attitude towards God is often incomprehensible not only to his environment, but also to himself. Lenny was promoted to the post of Pope because he never had his opinion, was quiet and obedient, courteous and polite, invisible and modest. He always did as the instructor instructed him, and did not show disobedience in anything. Peter-Patrick76 (peter-patrick@mail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 