nm0000624:

 Sex, Lies, and Videotape (1989)321) A sexually repressed woman's husband is having an affair with her sister. The arrival of a visitor with a rather unusual fetish changes everything. John and Ann Mullany, a junior partner at a law firm and a housewife respectively, are a young, upwardly mobile couple, who most would deem to have a perfect life. Ann's outward perfection belies the fact that she is in therapy, dealing with the stress over worrying about global issues with which she has little to no control. She does not see certain things with which she does have control being problems in her life, namely her sexual repression or her disinterest in sex as an activity, that is until it manifested itself in this stress which in turn is having, what she believes, a negative impact on her marriage. What she is unaware of is that, long before her stress began, John embarked on an affair with her sister, bartender Cynthia Bishop, who she doesn't admire as being too "loud". John reconnects with a close friend from college named Graham Dalton, who, to John, appears to have lost his way in life in the years that they have not been in touch. Graham, via the method in which he deals with his emotional and sexual problems - which is also believes is being totally forthright to all concerned - has a profound effect on Cynthia, John and Ann, who in turn, especially Ann, have a profound effect on him. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in Baton Rouge. Ann Bishop Mullany (Andie MacDowell) is talking to her psychiatrist (Ron Vawter) about a dream in which she is taking out the garbage. Ann is frustrated and has reached the point where she no longer desires sex; although, she says that her husband, John (Peter Gallagher), had already stopped trying to touch her a long time earlier. Ann says that she also is irritated with John for having invited an old friend to stay with them at their house without Ann's consent; however, Ann tells the therapist that it is, after all, John's house, insofar as he is paying the mortgage. We learn that Ann has stopped working altogether, as John is quite successful, a self-made, aspiring big shot -- he plans to become a law office partner soon -- and the couple lives comfortably. Meanwhile, John has been having an affair with Ann's sister, cheeky Cynthia Patrice Bishop (Laura San Giacomo), who is sexually carnivorous and somewhat unrefined, in stark contrast to the more genteel Ann. The sisters enjoy something of a close relationship (talking and visiting often), although it has been clearly tainted by long-established friction. Ann, naturally, does not know of the affair, but has her suspicions. While Ann is in her therapy session, John and Cynthia are having sex. The lovers talk afterward and Cynthia tells John she harbours a "perverted" desire to make love to him in her sister's bed. Returning to his law office, John finds Ann had called while he was away to tell him that his old friend, drifter Graham Dalton (James Spader), has just arrived. The three of them, Ann, John and Graham, are having dinner together. John is critical of his old friend, whom he feels has changed considerably since their glory days (mainly, it seems, because Graham wears a black shirt, which John describes as undertaker's clothing). John mentions that Graham ran away from Elizabeth, his old beloved girlfriend. The tension between the two builds further when Graham remarks that liars are the second-worst people in the world, surpassed only by lawyers. The next day, Ann accompanies Graham in search of an apartment. One landlord (Earl T. Taylor) shows them a flat, and after haggling briefly over the rent, Graham takes it. Soon afterward, at a caf, talk between Ann and Graham progresses on to the topic of sex. Ann says that women are not generally as interested in sex as men think. Graham admits to being impotent, that he can't have an erection while in the company of anybody else. (We later learn that he masturbates while watching women he has recorded on videotape talking about their sexual lives and fantasies.) Meanwhile, John calls Cynthia so that they can have sex together the way she wants. Cynthia calls him "scum", but, of course, seizes the opportunity to fulfill her fantasy and goes to the house where John waits, naked, on the bed he shares with Ann, covered only by a strategically-placed potted plant. On a later unannounced visit to Graham's apartment, Ann interrupts Graham while he is watching a videotape of one of his old girlfriends (Alexandra Root) detailing her sexual experiences. Through her inquiry, Ann learns of Graham's unusual fetish and asks him to watch a tape with him, but Graham refuses: He had promised all the subjects not to let anyone else see their tapes. Ann leaves, disturbed by the revelation (or, more likely, indignant over Graham's refusal) and advises her sister, during their next phone call, not to get in touch with Graham, as Cynthia, ever on the prowl, had promised to do. Cynthia, however, is only intrigued more so by this and visits him, anyway, even though, up to this point, they have never met. Graham soon invites Cynthia to make a videotape. During the recording, she then recalls her first sexual experiences aloud... Immediately afterward, Cynthia, worked up from the experience, calls John demanding he leave work immediately to have sex with her. In spite of the growing pressures of his job, he begrudgingly obliges, though he has to change important work commitments, which he does using "a family crisis" as an excuse. Later, Cynthia tells Ann that she has been videotaped by Graham, but refuses to be specific about what she may have told him. And while she assures Ann that nothing sexual occurred between them, she does reveal that she had chosen to masturbate for Graham, to which Ann expresses her extreme dismay. Ann visits Cynthia at the bar where she works to show her (and collect money for) the sundress she's bought as a joint-gift between the sisters for their mother's birthday. A tipsy regular (Steven Brill) who flirts constantly with Cynthia, tries to make a pass at Ann. They both ignore him. Ann leaves annoyed after Cynthia and the barfly remark that the dress looks more like a tablecloth. That night, Ann finally confronts John, asking why he was not in the office when she called, whether he's having an affair, and specifically if he has been having sex with Cynthia. John denies everything, playing both roles of offended husband and lawyer. It works and he convinces her. The following day, John gets angry with Cynthia upon hearing of her visit to Graham's and of her agreeing to make the videotape. After some heated talk, Cynthia tells John to leave, that she doesn't feel like going on with the affair any longer. Meanwhile, Ann is at home vacuum-cleaning the master bedroom when she discovers Cynthia's lost pearl earring stuck inside the machine. Slowly, Ann pieces together what has been going on, how foolish she has been, and reacts, first trying to smash the earring with the vacuum cleaner, then leaving the house after changing her clothes in a rage. Ann arrives at Graham's apartment. She quickly learns that Graham already knew (from Cynthia) that John was being unfaithful, but felt it wasn't his place to tell her. Ann now wants to make her own videotape. Although Graham is hesitant at first, she finally convinces him... Ann returns home very late, John already having started calling friends, frantically concerned that something may have happened to her. As soon as she sits down, Ann tells him she wants out of the marriage. John tries to play innocent once again, keeping calm, but upon hearing that Ann, too, has made a videotape, becomes irate and goes after Graham. John storms into Graham's apartment, punches Graham in the face, locks him outside, and watches Ann's tape. On screen, Ann reveals she's never had an orgasm, not even with her husband. Ann and Graham both admit to having had fantasies of each other. Ann wonders aloud whether Graham could give her an orgasm. Ann then begins turning the tables subtly on Graham, now asking him the questions. It emerges that Graham has spent the last nine years feeling sorry over his idealized ex-girlfriend, Elizabeth, with whom he somehow expected to reconnect, and that this was his reason for drifting back to Baton Rouge. Ann tells him that Elizabeth would never want him back after nine years and especially not with all his unresolved issues. Ann picks up the camera herself and now focuses it on Graham. He confesses that he used to lie compulsively, to everyone, and that the lying, as well as "non-verbal" acting-out of his feelings, was what destroyed his relationship with Elizabeth... After some quiet, affectionate moments together on the couch, Graham switches off the camera... As John leaves, having seen all of Ann's videotape, and perhaps truly knowing her for the first time, he spitefully reveals to Graham that he had once had an affair with Elizabeth while she and Graham were still together, even before the relationship started to go downhill. Once John is gone, Graham destroys his collection of videotapes. Some time passes. While John is in his office with a colleague (David Foil) prior to their golf game, John's most important client, the one he had run out on during the affair with Cynthia, calls to say he has found another firm to take his business. John's boss then insists upon seeing him immediately (suggesting that John is likely to be fired because of his irresponsibility). Ann surprises Cynthia with a visit during her shift at the bar to give her a small birthday present along with a new telephone number, the sisters making their first small step toward forgiveness and acceptance of each other. Ann then joins Graham where he waits outside his apartment. They take each other's hands as she walks up, then curl up together on the steps. It appears they are now a couple. It starts to rain. 
 Pretty Woman (1990)761) A man in a legal but hurtful business needs an escort for some social events, and hires a beautiful prostitute he meets... only to fall in love. Because of his extreme wealth and suave good looks, Edward Lewis could seemingly have any woman he wants, that committed significant other which he needs on his arm at social events to further how he makes his money as a corporate raider. However, he focuses more on his corporate raiding pursuits with his partner in crime, Philip Stuckey, his lawyer of ten years, than those women, with every significant other he's had in his life feeling neglected and eventually leaving him, this fact about which he is just coming to the realization. In Beverly Hills, Edward, in needing that woman on his arms as he and Philip work toward taking over the company owned by the increasingly insolvent James Morse, decides, based on a chance encounter, to hire Hollywood Boulevard hooker Vivian Ward as his escort for the week 24/7. He does so because he wants to have a professional who would be committed to the work, yet not have any commitments to her after the week is over. Beyond their chance encounter, he also makes this decision because she surprises him about how unhookerish she is in certain respects. Vivian, relatively new to Los Angeles and the business, still has to look and act the part, with Edward, beyond giving her money, leaving her largely to her own devices to do so. So she gets a somewhat unlikely Henry Higgins in Barney Thompson, the manager of the Beverly Wilshire Hotel where Edward is staying. Barney has to draw that fine line of keeping the hotel's upscale clients happy, while maintaining the posh decorum of the upper class, which does not include people coming into the hotel looking for rooms with hourly rates. As Barney and his associates are able to transform Vivian into a Cinderella, the questions become whether Vivian can go back to her Hollywood Boulevard life and whether she does have her Prince Charming beyond this week in the form of Edward or anyone else who truly does see her as Cinderella as opposed to a Hollywood Boulevard streetwalker. Huggo A young prostitute named Vivian Ward dreams of a man like a knight who will rescue her. In an unexpected event, he met a handsome billionaire Edward Lewis, who lost his way on the street driving his friend's sports car. She asked him for a date, but he asked her to teach him the direction back to his hotel instead. Vivian drove his car. When they got into the hotel. Edward gave Vivian 20 dollars for her help. And when he is about to enter the hotel, he looked back and saw her sitting on the corner, and suddenly, he finds that it's hard for him to let her go because of her beauty. He asks her to accompany him inside his penthouse suite. That night, they acquainted and made love, and the next morning, Vivian was surprised when Edward asks her to be with him for 7 days and he will give her a salary. Vivian was delighted and accept it. Being with Edward for the whole week, makes Vivian's world change far from her work as prostitutes at Hollywood boulevard. But top of that, she was gradually falling in love with him. But Edward has a different perspective on life. judytrinidad Having recently broken up, Edward Lewis, a successful out-of-town corporate raider and elegant bachelor with an impeccable sense of style, borrows his lawyer's silver 1990 Lotus Esprit SE, only to get lost on bustling Hollywood Boulevard. Looking for directions, Lewis has a chance encounter with beautiful Vivian Ward, a statuesque streetwalker with a heart of gold, and as one thing leads to another, a mutually beneficial voluntary association commences. Now, to escort suave Edward for an entire week, gawky diamond-in-the-rough Vivian has to endure a complete makeover; however, as personal secrets come to light, something is starting to change. But, both Vivian and Edward have already had their share of unhappiness and hurt, and to further complicate matters, they come from different worlds. Is Vivian willing to break her rules, and give love a second chance? Nick Riganas Edward is a rich, ruthless businessman who specializes in taking over companies and then selling them off piece by piece. He travels to Los Angeles for a business trip and decides to hire a prostitute. They take a liking to each other and he offers her money if she'll stay with him for an entire week while he makes the "rich and famous" scene (since it doesn't do for a man of his stature to be alone at society parties and polo matches). Romantic comedy (and complications) ensue. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Vivian Ward has found a way of living by working as a prostitute on Hollywood Boulevard. When she runs into the prince of her dreams, who comes along on his wild horse, she first does not recognize him as her saviour. The prince, a ruthless and wealthy businessman by the name of Edward Lewis, does not know that she could be more than just a girl from the sidewalk, but he changes his decision after the first night with the beautiful stranger. Her being the first person in a long time who could surprise him, Edward can slowly feel the light at the end of the tunnel. He is on his way to become a better person, whereas Vivian has got a new chance to start over again. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A very successful, wealthy lawyer, Edward Lewis, hires a beautiful and unlikely prostitute, Vivian Ward (Julia Roberts), from Sunset Blvd to bring along to various business events. An attraction developes between the two, and Edward finds it harder and harder to let the infectious, kind-hearted Vivian go. Businessman Edward Lewis (Richard Gere) breaks up with his girlfriend, who doesn't want to be at his "beck and call" at a swanky party held by his partner Philip Stuckey, and cuts loose in Stuckey's Lotus. He gets lost and stops along Hollywood Boulevard for directions from hooker Vivenne Ward (Julia Roberts). She charges, gets in and ends up driving him to his hotel in Beverley Hills. He asks her up to his penthouse suite on a whim and pays her to stay all night, although seems uncomfortable at first. The following morning he asks her to stay all week for $3000. He also gives her money for clothes and says she needs to be at his "beck and call" with no strings attached. She calls her room-mate Kit (Laura San Giacomo) to leave her money for the rent, and goes shopping on Rodeo Drive for more appropriate clothes. However, snooty saleswomen won't serve her as she is still dressed like a hooker, and she returns to the hotel, where she gets stopped by the hotel manager, Barney (Hector Elizondo). He wants to make it clear that they are making an exception having her at the hotel as Edward is such a special guest. Vivienne gets upset as she still has no outfit for dinner, and Barney helps her, along with coaching her on dinner etiquette. When Edwards returns, he is amazed by Vivienne's new look. The business dinner goes well, but Edward is preoccupied with the deal afterwards. The next day, Vivienne tells him about the experience shoppingt the previous day, and Edward takes her back to spend an obscene amount of money on clothes, leaving her to go back to his work as she is transformed from hooker to lady. She goes back to the shop from the previous day to show them the big mistake they made! Back at hotel, she looks like a genuine guest, but when Edward gets home he is still busy with work, and they take a bath together and talk into the night about their pasts and how they ended up where they are today. The following day, Edward takes Vivienne to the polo. While Vivienne chats to David Morse, the grandson of the man involved in Edward's latest deal, Philip is worried she is a spy. Edward reassures him by telling him how they met, and Philip then comes on to Vivienne. When they return to the hotel, she is furious with Edward for telling him, and plans to leave, but he persuades her to see out the week. Edward leaves work early the next day and takes Vivienne on a date to the Opera in his private jet. She clearly is moved by the music, and says "If I forget to tell you later, I had a wonderful time tonight". On returning to the hotel, he falls asleep (the first time we have seen this) while she is getting ready for bed, and she kisses him on the lips - she doesn't do this with clients - and they make love as partners, rather than client and hooker. Over breakfast, Edward offers to put her up in an apartment so he can continue seeing her, but she feels insulted and says this is not the fairytale she wants. He then goes off to work without resolving the situation. Kit comes to the hotel and sees that she has fallen for him, but she denies it. Edward meets Morse, about to close the deal, and changes his mind at the last minute. His time with Vivienne has shown him another way of being - taking time off and enjoying life - and working. He wants to create things rather than just making money. Philip is livid, and goes to the hotel. Vivienne is there and he blames her for changing Edward - he comes onto her again, and then hits her before Edward returns and pulls him off and chucks him out. Vivienne leaves, and is seen back at home with Kit, packing up to leave for San Franscisco. Edward gets into the car with the chauffeur that took her home, and rather than going to the airport, he goes to her apartment and climbs up the fire escpae (despite being afraid of heights) with a rose in his mouth, to woo her like in a fairy-story. 
 Quigley Down Under (1990)321) Sharpshooter Matt Quigley is hired from Wyoming by an Australian rancher paying a very high price. But when Quigley arrives Down Under, all is not as it seems. Sharpshooter Matt Quigley is hired from America by an Australian rancher so he can shoot aborigines at a distance. Quigley takes exception to this and leaves. The rancher tries to kill him for refusing, and Quigley escapes into the brush with a woman he rescued from some of the rancher's men, and are helped by aborigines. Quigley returns the help, before going on to destroy all his enemies. Ed Sutton {esutton@mindspring.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tom Selleck plays Matthew Quigley, a cowboy and rifleman from America with a keen eye and a specially modified rifle with which he can shoot accurately at extraordinary distances. Quigley's weapon of choice is a 1874 Sharps Buffalo Rifle. He answers an advertisement that asks for men with a special talent in long distance shooting with four words: "M. Quigley 900 yards." When he arrives in Australia, he is met by employees of the man who hired him, Elliot Marston (Alan Rickman). Quigley tries to prevent the men from forcing "Crazy Cora" (Laura San Giacomo) onto their wagon and beats the men until they learn that Quigley is the individual they were sent to pick up. Quigley is eventually taken to Marston's Station in the Western Australian outback. She continually calls Quigley "Roy", much to his resentment. Marston is a gentleman infatuated with stories of quick-draw gunslingers from the American Old West, believing he was born on the wrong continent. He continually practices with a pistol and fancies himself as a quick draw with a pistol. He is amazed that Quigley has actually been to Dodge City. He pays Quigley 50 gold coins for coming to Australia. Marston asks for a demonstration of Quigley's shooting talent. Quigley describes the weapon he produces as a Sharps rifle with a 34 inch long barrel, four more than normal. It has been modified to shoot a .45 caliber, 110 grain metal cartridge with a 540 grain paper patch bullet. It has a double set trigger and a Vernier sight marked up to 1200 yards, but "This one shoots a mite further." Quigley demonstrates his ability with his rifle, shooting a bucket in rapid succession three times at around 1200 yards. When Marston offers Quigley a pistol, he replies, "I've never had much use for one." Marston wants Quigley to his sharpshooting skills to help eradicate the native Indigenous Aborigines. Quigley finds the idea abhorrent and the two men are quickly headed for a showdown. Quigley refuses Marston's offer and the two fight. Quigley throws Marston out of his house through a glass door and then again through a window. Marston's Aborigine servant knocks Quigley over the head and Marston's men first beat Quigley badly. Two cowboys drive him and Cora two days into the Australian Outback and dump them with no water and virtually no chance of survival. Quigley tempts them with the word "Gold", and kills one man with a knife and the second with a long distance shot from his rifle. They walk a long distance when he and Cora are rescued by Aborigines. Cora reveals that she is from Texas. When her home was attacked by Comanches she hid in the root cellar. To prevent her crying infant son Roy from revealing their hiding place, she covered the baby's mouth and unintentionally suffocated him. Upon returning home, her husband Roy found their dead son. He buried the baby, drove Cora to Galveston, Texas and put her alone on the first ship leaving, which happened to be bound for Australia. Recovering, they witness an attack by Marston's men on the Aborigines who rescued them. Quigley kills two of them, the Aborigines kill one, and the fourth escapes. They capture a single horse. The next day they encounter six of Marston's men driving a group of Aborigines towards and over a cliff. Quigley kills two more of the men, and Cora finds an orphaned baby alive among the dead. Caring for the baby helps Cora overcome her tragic past and she slowly begins to recognize Quigley as his real self and stop calling him Roy. Quigley rides alone to a nearby town leaving Cora and the infant Aborigine in the desert with food and water. In town he obtains a new reloader from a town member who is only too ready to help when he learns Quigley is intending to kill Marston. Marston's men recognize Quigley's horse and attack him, cornering him in a burning building. Escaping through a skylight, Quigley kills all but one of Marston's men, who he sends back to Marston to tell him that Quigley is coming for him. In the desert, Dingos circle Cora and the crying infant, preparing to attack. She at first attempts to shush the infant, as she had done to her son Roy. Then she grabs the weapons left her by Quigley and kills several of the dogs. Quigley brings Cora and the baby to the town, where Cora gives the baby to Aborigines in the town. Quigley leaves Cora with the towns people and rides to Marston's ranch where he first confronts Marston's men from a distance. Marston gradually loses more and more men to Quigley until he Quigley is captured. Marston relishes stories of the American west and insists on in a quickdraw contest with Quigley. Quigley faces down Marston and two of his men, shooting all three before they can get off a single shot. He tells the dying Marston, "Just because I said I never had much use for one doesn't mean I don't know how to use it." The Aborigine servants abandon Marstons station, walking off into the Outback. With the bodies of Marston and his men still lying in the dirt, a British Major and his company arrive at the Station, confronting Quigley, who is still bleeding from a gunshot wound to his thigh. The hostile British major Ashley Pitt (Chris Haywood) is ready to shoot Quigley where he stands for numerous crimes when hundreds of Aborigines appear on the mountains nearby, surrounding the Major and his forces. Lowering their weapons, the Major and his troops retreat without a word. Quigley returns to the port city where he arrived and is reunited with Cora who is wearing the red dress he bought for her. They book passage for America. She greets him by his real name and the movie ends with their embrace and kiss. 
 Just Shoot Me! (19972003)Summaries Hot-tempered journalist Maya got herself fired yet again. Unable to find a job anywhere else and facing eviction, she is forced to go work for Blush, her father's fashion magazine. Hot-tempered journalist Maya Gallo got herself fired from yet another job when she made an anchorwoman cry on the air with some gag copy on the teleprompter. Unable to find a job anywhere else and facing eviction, she is forced to go work for Blush, her father's fashion magazine. Personality conflicts quickly ensue with high-strung ex-model Nina van Horn, philandering photographer Elliot, and wise-guy secretary Dennis Finch. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 