nm0008028:

 The House of Eliott (19911994)Summaries Two sisters in 1920s London work to achieve success in the dressmaking business. Two sisters Beatrice (Bee) and Evangeline (Evie) hit rock bottom when their father passes away leaving them in debt. Uneducated they strive hard to find jobs deemed worthy of their new guardian. What they can do ,is make amazing clothes and both dream of being able to be dress makers under the Elliott name. There is of course love problems on top of those money ones, oh to be young in a changing world. Abigail Duffin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jeeves and Wooster (19901993)Summaries Bertram Wooster, a well-intentioned, wealthy layabout, has a habit of getting himself into trouble and it's up to his brilliant valet, Jeeves, to get him out. This series chronicles the misadventures (romantic and otherwise) of the impeccably dressed Bertie Wooster and his trusty and sagacious valet, Jeeves. Peppered with sporting dialogue and memorable, dim-witted and eccentric characters. Kathleen Mortensen <presto@freespace.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Little Princess (19861987)Summaries Sara Crewe enters a London boarding school a wealthy lady when she bids her father farewell as he enters the British Army, but her lifestyle quickly vanishes when her father suddenly dies, and Sara must endure a life of servitude. Sara Crewe's pampered life as the daughter of a well-to-do British Army Captain suddenly vanishes after her father dies and Sara becomes enrolled at a boarding school in London. Without any family to turn to, Sara must endure cruelty and hardship as an overworked maidservant as she strives to find a stronger part of herself. Kathy Li It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bergerac (19811991)Summaries Recovering alcoholic and divorced father of a young daughter, DS Jim Bergerac is a true maverick who prefers doing things his own way, and consequently doesn't always carry out his investigations the way his boss would like. Bergerac is set on the island of Jersey and was produced by the British Broadcasting Corporation in association with the Seven Network of Australia. First screened on BBC1, it stars John Nettles in the title role as Detective Sergeant Jim Bergerac, a recovering alcoholic and divorced father of a young daughter. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 