nm0011376:

 Waiting for Forever (2010)431) A Hollywood-set romantic tale of a guy who is content to live his life without a job yet with the love of his life, a young actress. Since his parents died in a train crash, Will Donner refused to grow up and became an unemployed drifter, aimless except for one obsession: his undeclared love for neighborhood girl Emma Twist, whom he stalked at a distance throughout the country. When she, now an actress, returns to their home town for her terminally ill, grossly cynical father, Will stays with his unsympathetic, conventional brother Jim, whose wife and kid adore the free-spirited silly uncle, whom neighboring friend Joe and his family cheerfully put up. Now it's time to face Emma. KGF Vissers Growing up, Emma (Bilson) and Will (Sturridge) were inseparable. When Emma moved out to Hollywood she forgot about Will. But Will never forgot Emma; as far as he's concerned, they're just two soul mates separated by distance. These days, Will just drifts though life while trying to be as close to Emma as possible, earning enough money to stay well fed by performing on the streets. When Emma's father falls ill, she turns her back on Hollywood and returns home to take care of him while reevaluating her hectic love life, rediscovering a kindred spirit in the process. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Who decides what is normal? A unique story of love, friendship and a view of the world from different perspectives, WAITING FOR FOREVER explores the connections people make in the face of life's changes. Best friends while they were growing up, Emma (Rachel Bilson) and Will (Tom Sturridge) lost touch a long time ago as far as she knows. To Will, Emma never stopped being the most important person in his life. Believing them to be forever linked, he goes wherever she goes. Will doesn't have a home, a car, or a real job. He survives on his talent as a juggler and entertainer talents honed through years of showing off for Emma. When her father gets sick, Emma returns to their hometown, trying to leave behind her complicated love life and failing career as a TV actress. As its characters face love, death and their own preconceptions, WAITING FOR FOREVER questions the realities of life. 
 Envy (2004)321) A man becomes increasingly jealous of his friend's newfound success. Ben Stiller and Jack Black star as Tim and Nick, best friends, neighbors and co-workers, whose equal footing is suddenly tripped up when one of Nick's harebrained get-rich-quick schemes actually succeeds: Vapoorizer, a spray that literally makes dog poop, or any other kind for that matter, evaporate into thin air -- to where exactly is anyone's guess. Tim, who had scoffed at Nick's idea and passed on an opportunity to get in on the deal, can only watch as Nick's fortune -- and Tim's own envy -- grow to equally outrageous proportions. When the flames of jealousy are fanned by an oddball drifter (Walken) who imposes himself into the situation, Tim's life careens wildly out of control ... taking Nick's with it. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Tim and Nick are neighbors who work at a company which makes sandpaper. It's not clear what they do but they wear suits and have offices, and they carpool together each day. Both men have a wife and kids. Nick is so annoying with all his ideas for inventions, and while they are usually ridiculous, one day he gets an idea that actually works. A spray can that eliminates what dogs do. There is a scientist (who apparently works at Nick's company) who actually comes up with the magic formula. The one question that is never answered in the movie is: where does it go when it disappears? Tim did not choose to invest in this ridiculous idea. He and Nick are such good friends that he shares the wealth, as much as Tim tries to stop his family from being spoiled. Tim is quite envious of Nick, who built a huge mansion right across the street and has the best of everything. And yet he resists letting Nick share the wealth as much as he can, and the white horse Tim's kids love is a particularly serious problem as it does what Nick's invention can cure, only Tim won't use it. Or shouldn't have. Eventually everything falls apart for Tim, and that's when the movie really gets crazy. Tim has a big secret and the wacky J-Man to help him with a scheme to keep this secret from ruining his life even further--for a price. And one just knows that whatever Tim tries to do, he will ruin his life even more and more. Meanwhile, Nick's wife wants to run for State Senate. The big question the audience wants to know the answer to: Surely everything will fall apart for Nick too, right? And how will Tim get out of his mess? How far will J-Man go to bring Tim down? How far down can Tim go? 
 No Stranger Than Love (2015)Summaries What is stranger than the big hole that opens up in Lucy Sherrington's living room floor? As it turns out, love. A young, pretty art teacher, Lucy (adored by every male in her small home town), attempts to embark on an affair with her co-worker, married high-school football coach, Clint. Before it can eventuate he is sucked into a bottomless, zero-gravity hole in her living room floor. One by one all town members come to inspect, theorize about and try to remove Clint from the hole, and in doing so learn about his disloyalty to his wife. The movie is a bit like Being John Malkovich in its metaphysical satire. kwedgwood@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Off the Wall (19861987)Summaries Syndicated sketch comedy show. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 