nm0000196:

 Austin Powers in Goldmember (2002)431) Upon learning that his father has been kidnapped, Austin Powers must travel to 1975 and defeat the aptly named villain Goldmember, who is working with Dr. Evil. He's found his mojo, baby, and now Austin Powers is back again in this shagadelic comedy-adventure. The "sshhh!" hits the fan when Dr. Evil and Mini-Me escape from prison. Joining forces with the superfreaky Goldmember, they kidnap Austin's father, master spy Nigel Powers, in a dastardly time-travel scheme to take over the world. Before you can say "Shake Your Booty", Austin cruises to 1975 and teams up with sexy Foxxy Cleopatra to stop Dr. Evil and Goldmember from their mischievous mayhem. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Dr. Evil and Mini-Me have somehow escaped from a maximum security prison and the duo team up with Goldmember. Together they formulate a plan for world domination. And this particular scheme requires a large amount of time-travel, and kidnapping Austin Powers' father, England's master spy, Nigel Powers. As Austin chases Dr. Evil, Mini-Me and Goldmember through time, he stops in 1975 to "connect" with an old girlfriend, detective Foxxy Cleopatra, and requests her help to track the villains and save his father. Doug_Funnie Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2002 in a new lair behind the famous Hollywood sign, Dr. Evil outlines his newest plan to his minions: he will go back in time to 1975 and bring back Johan van der Smut, aka "Goldmember", who developed a cold fusion unit for a tractor beam which Dr. Evil names Preparation H, not to be confused by the well known product of the same name - Preparations A thru G had failed earlier. He intends to use the tractor beam to pull a meteor into the Earth to strike the polar ice caps and cause global flooding. However, moments after revealing this plan Austin Powers and the British Secret Service attack and arrest Dr. Evil. Austin is knighted for his services, but is disappointed when his father, the famous super-spy Nigel Powers, fails to attend the event. At a party to celebrate his knighthood he sings a song with the band Ming Tea; later he meets two Japanese twins named Fook Mi and Fook Yu and is about to have a threesome with them when Basil Exposition informs Austin that his father has been kidnapped, the only clue that the crew of his yacht have had their genitalia painted gold. In search of answers, Austin visits the imprisoned Dr. Evil, who tells him that Goldmember is behind the abduction. Traveling to 1975, Austin infiltrates Goldmember's roller disco club Studio 69 and meets up with Foxxy Cleopatra (Beyonc Knowles), an old flame and FBI agent who is undercover as a disco singer. With Foxxy's help, Austin locates his father but is unable to rescue him. Goldmember takes Nigel with him through Dr. Evil's time machine into 2002, and leaves his golden clad henchwomen to kill Austin. Foxxy helps Austin escape, and asks to accompany him to the future in an effort to save his father and exact revenge upon Goldmember for murdering her partner. In 2002, Dr. Evil and Mini-Me instigate a riot in their prison, allowing them to escape. A British Intelligence mole named Number 3 (Fred Savage), who coincidentally has a large mole on his face, informs Austin that the doctor has moved to a new lair near Tokyo a giant submarine shaped like Dr. Evil. Austin and Foxxy fly to Tokyo and confront one of Dr. Evil's henchman, Fat Bastard, now a sumo wrestler. After a humorous fight between Austin and Fat Bastard, Foxxy arrests Fat Bastard who tells them that a Japanese business man, Mr. Roboto, is working on a device for Dr. Evil and Goldmember. Austin and Foxxy later meet with Mr. Roboto, who pleads ignorance about Nigel's whereabouts. Unconvinced, Austin and Foxxy infiltrate Roboto's factory where the command unit for the tractor beam is being loaded in Goldmember's car, and Roboto hands Goldmember a golden key needed to activate the beam. Foxxy confronts Goldmember while Austin attempts to free Nigel, but Goldmember escapes with the command unit and flees to Dr. Evil's sub. Unable to settle their differences, Nigel and Austin part ways when they disagree on how to deal with the situation. Meanwhile, Dr. Evil's son, Scott Evil, has become increasingly evil in an attempt to prove himself to his father, to the point that he too is going bald. Scott presents his father with sharks with laser beams, a request that had gone unfulfilled in the first film. Dr. Evil replaces Mini-Me with Scott as his favored son; the rejected Mini-Me defects and joins Austin. Austin, Foxxy and Mini-Me infiltrate the sub, but Austin is captured. Dr. Evil prepares to activate the tractor beam, but Foxxy has stolen the key and frees Austin. Austin prepares to shoot Dr. Evil, when Nigel appears and reveals Dr. Evil and Austin are brothers, separated when they were toddlers when an assassination attempt killed their mother, and Dr. Evil was found and raised by Belgians. Dr. Evil and Austin embrace, enraging Scott, who flees to pursue his own vengeance, whilst Goldmember commandeers the tractor beam's controls, unzipping his pants to reveal his gold-covered genitals to be a spare key. Goldmember activates the tractor beam, but Austin and Dr. Evil work together to reverse its polarity, destroying the meteor and saving the world. The heroes arrest Goldmember, who turns to the camera to reveal the entire string of events was adapted into a film by Steven Spielberg, starring Tom Cruise as Austin, Kevin Spacey as Dr. Evil, Danny DeVito as Mini-Me, and John Travolta as Goldmember. Austin, Foxxy, Dr. Evil, Mini-Me and Nigel are in the audience of a Hollywood theater watching the film. Upon exiting the theater they bump into Fat Bastard, now normal size thanks to the Subway diet. As Austin and Foxxy kiss, in Dr. Evil's Hollywood lair, Scott now completely bald, dressed like and laughing in a manner similar to his father declares he will get his revenge on Austin and begins dancing like the singer Michael Jackson. 
 Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997)66) A world-class playboy and part-time secret agent from the 1960s emerges after thirty years in a cryogenic state to battle with his nemesis Dr. Evil. Austin Powers is a 60's spy who is cryonically frozen and released in the 1990's. The world is a very different place for Powers. Unfortunately for Austin, everyone is no longer sex-mad. Although he may be in a different decade, his mission is still the same. He has teamed up with Vanessa Kensington to stop the evil Dr. Evil, who was also frozen in the past. Dr. Evil stole a nuclear weapon and is demanding a payment of (when he realises its the 90's) 100 billion dollars. Can Austin Powers stop this madman? or will he caught up with Evil's henchman, with names like Alotta Fagina and Random Task? Only time will tell! simon A 1960's British hipster secret agent Austin Powers is brought out of cryofreeze to oppose his greatest arch-enemy Dr. Evil into the 1990s. 30 years later, Austin was then released and is now thawed back into action to once again battle Dr. Evil where he wakes up somewhere in Nevada and steals a nuclear weapon and holds the world hostage. After Austin is woken up to stop Dr. Evil he gets a new sexy sidekick Miss Vanessa Kensington, his ex-partner's daughter and they go to Vegas where they must stop Dr. Evil's outrageous plot to control the world for 100 billion dollars! Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} It's a smashing shagadelic party as Mike Myers and Elizabeth Hurley star in a non-stop, hilarious comedy adventure. Frozen in the '60s, secret agent Austin Powers (Myers) is thawed back into action to once again battle his archenemy Dr. Evil. With his sexy sidekick Ms. Kensington (Hurley), Austin must stop Dr. Evil's outrageous plot to control the world. But first, this time-warped swinger must get hip quick and discover that there's no free love in the '90s. An all-star supporting cast including Michael York, Robert Wagner, Mimi Rogers and Carrie Fisher make Austin Powers: International Man Of Mystery a wacky, far-out trip you won't forget. British secret agent Austin Powers was placed into cryostasis at the end of the 60s, in case a spy of his talent was ever needed again. A spoof spy movie ensues when he's thawed out in the 90s... Jim Sabo In 1967, after burning most of his henchmen, Dr. Evil sets a trap for Austin Powers, but freezes himself so Austin won't catch him. Austin then volunteers to be frozen in case Dr. Evil shows up again. 30 years later, Dr. Evil wakes up in Nevada and steals a nuclear weapon and holds the world hostage for 1 million dollars. Sorry, 100 billion dollars. Austin is woken up to stop Dr. Evil but gets Vanessa Kensington, his ex-partner's daughter and goes to Vegas to look for Evil, but finds out there is no longer any free love in the 90's, or Swinging. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Love Guru (2008)321) Pitka, an American raised outside of his country by gurus, returns to the States in order to break into the self-help business. His first challenge is to settle the romantic troubles and subsequent professional skid of a star hockey player whose wife left him for a rival athlete. Born in America, but raised in Havemahkeeta in India, with a population of 76, Maurice had always to better Deepak Chopra, and be sexually active, ever since he was 12. His Guru, Tugginmypudha, while approving of Deepak, cautions Maurice and has a chastity belt put around his waist, much to Maurice's chagrin. Years later, Maurice has established himself as Guru Pitka in America, but would like to appear in the Oprah Show and be better than Deepak Chopra. When Jane Bullard from the the Toronto Maple Leafs hires him to counsel their star hockey player, Darren Roanoke, to win back his wife, Prudence, from Kings' star player, Jacques Grande, and also stand up to his dominating mother, Lilian, he agrees to do so - with hilarious results. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Darren Roanoke (Romany Malco), the star player of the Toronto Maple Leafs, is suffering from stress because his wife, Prudence Roanoke (Meagan Good), has left him for Jacques "Le Coq" Grand (Justin Timberlake). The stress causes his hand to shake, which affects his hockey performance. Jane Bullard (Jessica Alba) enlists the support of Guru Maurice Pitka (Mike Myers) to help Darren with his stress so that the team can hopefully break their losing streak. In addition to getting a considerable payment, Pitka would be invited to Oprah Winfrey's show, which he hopes would help him become the #1 guru, a place currently held by Deepak Chopra. Pitka succeeds, but feels no need anymore to become #1, more important is his love for Bullard. However, in connection with a vow Guru Tugginmypudha gave him a chastity belt. He returns to him to have it removed. Tugginmypudha agrees that it can be removed now, and explains how to do that; to Pitka's surprise no key is needed. 
 Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me (1999)541) Dr. Evil is back and has invented a new time machine that allows him to go back to the 1960s and steal Austin Powers' mojo, inadvertently leaving him "shagless". Dr. Evil uses a device he calls a "Time Machine" to travel back to 1969 and remove Austin Powers' mojo. The sexually wounded swinger must travel back in time and, with the help of agent Felicity Shagwell, recover his vitality. Meanwhile, Dr. Evil's personal life runs amok as he discovers love, continues to shun his son and develops a close relationship with himself. Well, actually, a clone 1/8 his size whom he dubs "Mini-Me". The always time-baffled Dr. Evil begins his plan to put a gigantic cannon on the moon, thus turning it into a device called either "The Death Star" or "Alan Parson's Project," depending on which name is available. Michael "Rabbit" Hutchison <rabhutch@spacestar.net> 2 years after he awoke after 30 years in suspended animation and he defeated his nemesis Dr. Evil from detonating a nuclear bomb in the core of the planet, sex-obsessed 60's British secret agent Austin Powers, still on his honeymoon, learns his wife Vanessa is a fem-bot, created by Dr. Evil to assassinate him. But for Austin it is about to get a lot worse when Dr. Evil travels back through time to the year 1969 and he steals Austin's Mojo (Austin's body-fluid that makes him attractive to the opposite sex) leaving Austin shagless. Travelling back into 1969, Austin teams up with sexy CIA agent Felicity Shagwell as both Austin and Felicity must not only recover Austin's mojo, they must also stop Dr. Evil from wiping out Washington D.C. with a laser gun Dr. Evil has constructed on the moon. Can Austin defeat Dr. Evil again? Daniel Williamson Dr. Evil returns from space just as British spy Austin Powers learns on his honeymoon that his wife is a fembot in Evil's control. Back on the singles scene, Powers discovers he's impotent because Evil has used a time machine to return to the late 60s and steal his libido. British intelligence also has a time portal, so Powers goes back to 1969 to recapture his mojo and, teaming with agent Felicity Shagwell, to stop another Evil plot to take over the world, this time with a "laser" beamed from the moon. Subplots involve Evil's son Scott's discovery of who his mother is, Evil's affection for a clone one-eighth his size, and the machinations of an obese Scot named Fat Bastard. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NATOs monitoring facility observes the return of Dr. Evil (Mike Myers) and informs British intelligence. At Dr. Evils Seattle headquarters, Dr. Evil is presented with a one-eighth-size clone of himself (Verne Troyer) whom he calls Mini-Me. Number Two (Robert Wagner), who survived his incineration towards the end of the previous film, also reveals the enormous profits they have made by legitimately investing in a previously unknown startup company called "Starbucks". However, Dr. Evil is unimpressed and unveils his latest evil planhe has developed a time machine to go back to the sixties and steal Austin Powers (also Mike Myers) mojo, a fluid inside his body that's the source of Austin's skills and his sexual prowess. Meanwhile, back in 1999, Austin is still enjoying his honeymoon with his wifethe former Vanessa Kensington (Elizabeth Hurley). Unfortunately, something goes amiss, and it turns out that she is actually one of Dr. Evils kamikaze fembots who attempts to kill Austin, but eventually self-destructs. He proceeds to the lobby naked and celebrates being single again. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me go back to 1969 and meet up with a younger Number Two (Rob Lowe) and (a not-so-young) Frau Farbissina (Mindy Sterling). A disgruntled Scottish Guard with unusual eating habits called Fat Bastard (again, Mike Myers) has been hired to extract Austins mojo from his frozen body at the Ministry of Defence Cryo Chamber. British intelligence warns Austin that one of Dr Evils agents is after him, and during a photo shoot the wanton Ivana Humpalot (Kristen Johnston) seduces him, but at the last moment she admits to her orders and claims he is too sexy. They then proceed to have sex in her bed. Unfortunately they do not get far before he discovers that he has lost his mojo. The MOD learns that Dr. Evil has developed a time machine and sends Austin back to 1969 with its own time travel device, in a convertible Volkswagen New Beetle painted with 60's LSD-themed colours. Austin arrives back at a party in his London pad and with the assistance of a CIA agent, Felicity Shagwell (Heather Graham), escapes another assassination attempt by two of Dr. Evils operatives. However, the two of them are chased by Mustafa (Will Ferrell), yet another of Dr. Evil's henchmen, and when caught he reveals the existence of a secret volcano lair (due to an inability to withhold the answer should he be asked the exact same question three times in a row), but is prevented from divulging its location by the intervention of Mini-Me. After examining photographs from the crime scene at MOD headquarters, Austin identifies Fat Bastard as the perpetrator of the theft. At Dr. Evils secret volcano lair, Fat Bastard arrives with Austins mojo. Dr. Evil drinks some of it and engages in some private time with Frau Farbissina. This results in an awkward sometime after situation when Frau reveals that she is late. However, at the same moment Scott Evil arrives through the time portal. Dr. Evil announces his latest plan: to hold the United States and the whole world ransom by threatening to destroy Washington D.C., and then additional major cities each hour, using a giant laser on the moon. In London, Austin and Felicity get to know each other, but he has to reject her advances owing to the loss of his mojo. Under MOD instructions to implant a homing device, Felicity seduces Fat Bastard. Unfortunately, it is left in a public toilet, but a stool sample from the scene reveals traces of a rare vegetable that only grows on one Caribbean island. Austin and Felicity arrive on the island but are apprehended. They are put in a cell with a single guard who is overcome by the fact that Felicity shows off her breasts, upon which the mesmerized guard falls into a pool of lava. Dr. Evil and Mini-Me leave for the moon to install the giant laser and are followed by Austin and Felicity, who hitch a ride on Apollo 11. In Dr. Evils moon base, Austin battles with Mini-Me, whom he eventually flushes into space. As Austin confronts Dr. Evil, the giant laser is fired, but Austin manages to divert it and save Washington D.C., although Felicity is killed by poison gas. However, using Dr. Evils time portal Austin travels back ten minutes and meets up with himself to save both the world and Felicity. Foiled again, Dr. Evil initiates the self-destruction mechanism of the moon base and escapes in his rocket after throwing the bottle of Austin's mojo in the air. He fails to catch it and it crashes on the floor, destroyed, but Felicity points out that all the things he has done show that he never really lost it in the first place. With seconds to spare they escape through the time portal to 1999. Fat Bastard makes another attempt to assassinate Austin, but is kicked in the crotch by Felicity. Finally, Dr. Evil recovers Mini-Me from space and once again vows to "get" Austin Powers. Later, on Jerry Springer Scott (Seth Green) learns he was not created in a test tube but is actually the love child of Dr. Evil and Frau Farbissina. There are two Austins in 1999 as both Austins escaped Dr. Evil's moon base using the time machine, Austin #1 finds Felicity sleeping with Austin #2. 