nm0000170:

 The Fifth Element (1997)651) In the colorful future, a cab driver unwittingly becomes the central figure in the search for a legendary cosmic weapon to keep Evil and Mr. Zorg at bay. In the twenty-third century, the universe is threatened by evil. The only hope for mankind is the Fifth Element, who comes to Earth every five thousand years to protect the humans with four stones of the four elements: fire, water, Earth and air. A Mondoshawan spacecraft is bringing The Fifth Element back to Earth but it is destroyed by the evil Mangalores. However, a team of scientists use the DNA of the remains of the Fifth Element to rebuild the perfect being called Leeloo. She escapes from the laboratory and stumbles upon the taxi driver and former elite commando Major Korben Dallas that helps her to escape from the police. Leeloo tells him that she must meet Father Vito Cornelius to accomplish her mission. Meanwhile, the Evil uses the greedy and cruel Jean-Baptiste Emanuel Zorg and a team of mercenary Mangalores to retrieve the stones and avoid the protection of Leeloo. But the skilled Korben Dallas has fallen in love with Leeloo and decides to help her to retrieve the stones. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Unbeknownst to him, Korben Dallas--a former special forces commando, and now a mid-twenty-third-century New York City cab driver--finds himself caught in the middle of an aeons-old war when the immaculate being, Leeloo, crashes into his taxi. In search of the perfect weapon that can save humanity from an all-powerful force of pure evil, Korben, Leeloo, and the space-priest, Vito Cornelius, struggle to unearth the mysterious "fifth element", as the scheming industrialist, Zorg, is already after the other four. Now, in the ultimate battle between good and evil, Leeloo seems to hold the key to Earth's salvation; however, is the world worth saving? Nick Riganas Two hundred and fifty years in the future, life as we know it is threatened by the arrival of Evil. Only the Fifth Element can stop the Evil from extinguishing life, as it tries to do every five thousand years. She is assisted by a former elite commando turned cab driver, Korben Dallas, who is, in turn, helped by Prince/Arsenio clone, Ruby Rhod. Unfortunately, Evil is being assisted by Mr. Zorg, who seeks to profit from the chaos that Evil will bring, and his alien mercenaries. David J. Gannon <dganno01@exch.eds.com> There are cycles in the Universe when great evil threatens all life in the Universe. The Ultimate weapon against evil, devised long ago, is called "The Fifth Element", stored on Earth for safekeeping. When a Professor discovered it in the 1910s, he found it very astonishing. However, a group of beings known as the Monascheiwans came to Earth to take the fifth element to utilize it for their own well-being, promising to return it in time for the next cycle. In the distant future of the 2200s, the Earth is a very different place, yet much the same. People smoke, break laws, make messes. In the megalopolis of New York City, a former elite commando named Korban Dallas is now a taxi driver. As the Monascheiwans were returning the Fifth Element to Earth to fend of the rising evil, they are destroyed by a ruthless race of beings known as Mangalores. Discovered in the remains of the Monascheiwans' ship, is a remnant of the Fifth Element, from which they re-create "the perfect being", The Fifth Element, named "Leeloo", who drops in on Korban Dallas in his cab, literally. Dallas keeps her free from government control and brings her to a priest named Vito Cornillius, who, seeing the coming Evil in the prophecies, is attempting to find the Elemental Stones needed to power the Fifth Element. He is getting in the way of a ruthless businessman named Zorg, who is already operating under the sway of Evil. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story's premise is that every five thousand years, in conjunction with a planetary arrangement, a 'Great Evil' appears whose purpose is to destroy life. In preparation for the next appearance in 2263, a group of aliens called the Mondoshawan arrive on Earth in 1914 to extract the only weapon capable of defeating the Great Evil, a collection of four stones representing the Classical Elements (Water, Fire, Earth and Air) and the eponymous Fifth Element that conjugates the other four into organic life. The stones are kept in a hidden chamber inside a small temple in Egypt, where an archaeologist has been studying the runes that tell their history. After taking the stones and a sarcophagus housing the fifth element, the Mondoshawans present a key to a priest and tell him to pass the information provoking their mission through future generations in preparation for the Evil's arrival. Three hundred years later, In 2263, the Great Evil appears and in the form of a fiery planet and destroys an fleet of interplanetary battleships. When the battleships fire missiles on the planet, the planet doubles in size. On Earth, the world's president consults with his military and science advisers about the approaching planetoid. When the Mondoshawans attempt to deliver the Elements back to Earth, they are ambushed by another alien race, the shape-shifting Mangalores. The president is informed that the stones are not at the crash site but instead were given by the Mondoshawans to someone they could trust, the diva Plavalaguna, who will be performing on the leisure planet, Fhloston Paradise. ParadisEarthly scientists are able to recover a portion of the Fifth Element and use a reconstitution device to recreate it, whereupon it takes the form of an human woman named "Leeloo" described as "the perfect being". Leeloo, terrified of her unfamiliar environs, escapes the scientists and crashes the roof of a cab belonging to taxi driver Korben Dallas, a former major in the Federated Army's Special Forces. Dallas then delivers her to Priest Vito Cornelius, the current guardian of the Mondoshawans' knowledge. Dallas, Cornelius, and his acolyte David help Leeloo recover, though Dallas is forced out of Cornelius' apartment before learning her purpose. Cornelius learns from Leeloo that the four Elements were not held by the Mondoshawans, and that Leeloo must recover the stones from the diva. Meanwhile, wealthy industrialist Jean-Baptiste Emmanuel Zorg has attempted to gain the stones as urged by communication with the Great Evil. After learning that the Mangalores' attack on the Mondoshawans was unsuccessful in recovering the stones, Zorg betrays and kills them, whereupon the surviving Mangalores decide to extract revenge and gain the stones for themselves. Dallas is later met at his apartment by his General Munro, who informs him that he has been drafted back into the Army in order to travel to meet the Diva, having rigged the annual Gemini Croquette Contest to allow Dallas to win. Their meeting is interrupted by the arrival of Cornelius and Leeloo. Dallas, learning of Leeloo's need, offers to help, but is knocked out by Cornelius, who steals his winning transportation tickets and departs. Dallas accepts the job from General Munro and travels to John F. Kennedy International Airport, intercepting Cornelius, David, and Leeloo before they board their flight, and escorts Leeloo. The Mangalores and Zorg's assistant are rebuffed by the ticketing agent when they try to pose as Dallas. Cornelius instructs David to prepare the temple in Egypt and then sneaks aboard the passenger spaceplane before it leaves. On the flight, Dallas meets interstellar radio personality Ruby Rhod, who escorts him as the contest winner. Upon arrival at Fhloston Paradise, Dallas is taken by Ruby to prepare for the show, while Leeloo waits near the Diva's quarters in order to retrieve the stones from her after her performance. The Diva's show is interrupted by the Mangalores, and the Diva is fatally shot. Dallas learns from her dying words that the Diva has hidden the stones inside her body; after she dies, Dallas removes them from her abdomen, giving them to Ruby to hold as he defeats the Mangalores and saves the rest of the passengers and crew. Leeloo is able to defeat the Mangalores that attempt to ransack the Diva's quarters. Zorg, having flown himself to Fhloston, fights Leeloo at the Diva's quarters, injuring her and forcing her to retreat. He takes the case he believes contains the stones while starting a time bomb. When Dallas goes to recover Leeloo, Zorg finds the case to be empty. Zorg re-enters the liner just as Dallas, Leeloo, Cornelius, and Ruby leave it on Zorg's ship while the rest of the passengers escape in the liner's emergency craft. Zorg is able to stop his bomb; but the defeated Mangalores activate another bomb, destroying Zorg and the liner. The four return to the temple on Earth as the Great Evil rushes towards the planet. There, Dallas finds Leeloo disillusioned and unwilling to perform her role, believing that humans will destroy themselves despite her rescue of them. As the protagonists arrange the stones in the temple to form their weapon, they are briefly baffled by their ignorance of the weapon's operation, but discover that each stone is triggered by the presence of the Classical element to which it corresponds. Dallas then convinces Leeloo to perform her role, embraces her, and kisses her. At this, Leeloo releases the weapon's "Divine Light", causing the Great Evil to become a new moon in Earth's orbit. Later, the President and General Munro go to the reconstitution lab to congratulate Dallas on his successful mission, but he and Leeloo are unavailable, despite the president's assertion that he is in a hurry. Viewers then see he and Leeloo are making love in the resurrection chamber. 
 Resident Evil (2002)761) A special military unit fights a powerful, out-of-control supercomputer and hundreds of scientists who have mutated into flesh-eating creatures after a laboratory accident. A virus has escaped in a secret facility called "The Hive," turning the staff into hungry zombies and releasing the mutated Lab "Animals" that they were studying. The complex computer shuts down the base to prevent infection. The parent corporation sends in an elite military unit, where they meet Alice, who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas. The military team must shut down the computer and get out, fighting their way past zombies, mutants, and the computer itself, before the virus escapes and infects the rest of the world. Alice must also come to terms with her slowly-returning memories. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> In the near future, the powerful Umbrella Corporation has a hidden research facility called The Hive underneath Raccoon City, where the scientists develop genetically engineered drugs for medical purpose and biological weapons. After stealing the lethal T-virus, a thief contaminates The Hive and the artificial intelligence Red Queen seals the Hive and kills all the staff and guinea pigs. A woman called Alice awakes naked in a bathroom of a mansion without memory and soon a commando led by a man called One subdues her and another man called Matt, who claims to be a cop. Alice learns that she is a security guard with her partner Spence assigned to protect the entrance to The Hive and her memory will return in an undefined period since she was affected by a gas. The Red Queen had a malfunctioning five hours ago and had shut down the facility and killed everybody releasing a lethal gas. Now they need to shut down the Red Queen and restart her systems. They use an underground train to reach The Hive and the Red Queen asks then to leave the place. However Kaplan disables the Red Queen opening the doors in The Hive. Soon the group learns that the staff has turned into zombies and now they are under siege of the zombies. Most of the commando dies and only Alice, Spence, Matt, Rain and Kaplan survive. Now they need to find a way to escape from The Hive since the system will shut down the exits in a short period. Who will survive? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Nestled deep into the bowels of Raccoon City, The Hive--a state-of-the-art research facility owned by the universal corporate conglomerate known as the Umbrella Corporation--is sealed, after a biological contamination by the highly experimental agent, T-Virus. Now, under the complete control of The Red Queen--the facility's all-powerful artificial intelligence--the few survivors must battle the reanimated staff that has turned into ravenous flesh-eating zombies, as the amnesiac employee, Alice, struggles not only to regain her memory but to survive. Amid unfathomable horrors and aggressive mutations called the Lickers, Alice and the uninfected humans must find the only exit within an hour, before they are forever trapped in this hell. Can they leave the Hive unharmed? Nick Riganas A virus has escaped into a secret facility called "The Hive," which chemically turns the staff (Umbrella Corporation) into man eating zombies and releasing the mutated lab animals that they were studying. The complex computer (The Red Queen) shuts down the base to prevent from infection. The parent corporation sends in a military unit, where they meet Alice who has only a short time to remember who she is and what is her mission. who which is suffering from amnesia due to the nerve gas released into her bathroom. The military must shut down the computer (The Red Queen) and make their way back out of the Hive. Fighting their way past zombies, mutants and The Red Queen before the T-Virus escapes and effects the rest of the world. Its up to Alice to defeat the virus, if she loses, we all lose. fast_furious_728@hotmail.com A crack team is sent to the 'Hive', the mighty Umbrella Corporation's secret underground lab complex, which was locked-down by it central computer 'Red Queen', after its staff of 5000 fell victim to nerve gas. They pick up the secret entrance-resident underground security couple, both suffering from amnesia because of the gas. The computer's crafty defense soon kills half of the team before whiz kid Chad Kaplan outsmarts it. Then they find the staff has been turned into cannibalistic zombies, while experimentally miss-bred hell-hounds complete the bloody inferno. The auto-destruct is programmed in two hours, to prevent out-world infection. And at least one member has a criminal secret. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening shot, a voice-over narrator explains that in the early 21st Century, the Umbrella Corporation is the leading company in the world. Currently 9 out of 10 homes own products from them. But what the public doesn't know is that the Umbrella Corporation really make weapons for armies, military, etc., and also creates viral chemicals for biological and chemical warfare. And that there is the Hive; a secret Umbrella lab half-a-mile underneath Raccoon City where over 500 people live and work for the Umbrella Corporation. A man in a protective suit handles blue-tinted T-virus and its green-tinted antidote, using mechanical arms. He then puts all of them in a lockable suitcase except for one of the T-viruses, which he throws and breaks. The virus spreads out through the vents. We cut to a man drinking coffee. Another man whose face is unseen bumps into him and knocks the coffee all over him (important later). He goes into an elevator with some other people. It cuts to some people working in the lab where the virus had broken. The bio emergency alarm goes off. Everyone thinks it's a drill, but then the emergency water comes on, flooding the lab. They try to stop it, screaming at the camera to make it stop (all the cameras, which are shown a lot through the movie, are being controlled by a supercomputer called Red Queen). The doors are locked. Then gas comes on in the offices making everyone pass out. During this, the elevator mentioned earlier has stopped and starts falling. It stops at level three. One lady tries to get off but the elevator drops, stopping before her head meets the floor. The others try to pull her back in, but the elevator goes up suddenly and her head is chopped off. In the next shot, a young woman named Alice ( Milla Jovovich ) wakes up in a shower. Apparently she suffered a case of amnesia. She walks out into her bedroom and looks in her drawers. At the third one, she is surprised to find a gun locked up (important later). She does not know where she is. She goes into the hall and finds a picture of herself with a man. Then she sees movement, walks outside and calls out into the darkness. Suddenly birds fly out of the trees and the wind begins to pick up. She is then pulled inside by someone, and SWAT officers jump through the windows. One of them, James ( Colin Salmon ), also known as 'One' the leader, grabs Alice and tells her who they are. Then another officer, Rain ( Michelle Rodriguez ) apprehends the man, named Matt, ( Eric Mabius ) who tells them he's a cop. They go downstairs to an underground warehouse under the mansion , leading to railroad tracks with a parked train on it. Alice asks James who they are and why they are here. James says that they are a team sent to destroy the Red Queen ( Michaela Dicker ) in the Hive, an underground facility home to 500 scientists. Five hours ago a virus spread through the facility, killing everyone in it. Then James tells Alice that she had been one of the three security guards to the facility (important later). They find a train that is not working. Rain goes under to fix it. She works on it, then she hears some noises, it turns out to be one of the officers above, who scares her. Then she turns on the electricity. They go on the train and Rain is trying to close the door. Another officer, Kaplan ( Martin Crewes ), tries to close it, but then a man ( James Purefoy ) falls through after hiding in a compartment. Alice sees him and remembers that he was the man in the picture earlier. He also has no memory. Upon arrival at the Hive, the group batters down the locked steel door and tries to find the Red Queen's chamber. They pass through a hall where there is glass wall on one side. On the other side is the flooded facility. Suddenly a dead woman floats forward. Alice asks how long the amnesia will last. James says it was caused by a gas released when the virus spread, and it should last for maybe an hour. They all leave, and the dead girl opens her eyes and hits the window with her hand. Alice and the group wander into a giant room where one of the doors leads to the Red Queen chamber. Alice looks though a window in the door to see if there is anything in there. There is, but she does not know it. It turns out to be a giant monster. She, Kaplan, another man, Dana (one of the two female officers) and James enter the Red Queen's chamber. Kaplan turns on the electricity to the chamber. Dana, James, and the other man go into a smaller room. Kaplan finds the code and the door opens. Suddenly the entrance to the cube room closes. They scream for Kaplan to open it. A laser appears and quickly moves along the room towards them. James ducks, but the laser takes off the other man's fingers. Dana unfortunately gets her head lasered off. The laser disappears once it reaches the end of the room and another one appears at the far end of the room, again moving quickly towards them. One man is cut in half. When another laser comes James thinks he has worked out its route and can dodge it, but it splits into a tight grid spread right across the room. Just when Kaplan screams he's overruled the defences, James is diced. Alice and Kaplan go in through the end door. They turn on the system and a hologram of a little girl appears. She tells them that they're all going to die down here. Rain hears a noise and finds a woman. The woman looks helpless, but then lunges forward and bites Rain's hand. The other man, J:D, walks over and shoots her in the leg. She doesn't die. Then Rain shoots her with a machine gun. The girl dies. Matt picks up the keys to his handcuffs while the team looks away. When they talk, they look and see that the girl is gone. Then they hear noises of something metal dragging on the ground. It shows a zombie dragging an axe, then a bunch of blood-covered zombies come out from all directions, surrounding everyone, including Spencer (the man in the picture), Kaplan, Rain and J:D. Matt is trying to uncuff himself while everyone begins shooting. A zombie comes at Matt but is shot by Alice. They split up. Kaplan is trying to open the door using passcodes while Spencer is rushing him. Soon, J:D kills a zombie and then moves Kaplan out of the way to open the door, While failing to get remember some numbers for the code, Kaplan finally gets it right and J:D successfully unlocks the code. Then the door opens. Zombies rush through and J:D is caught, as while Rain tries to pull him back, but she gets bitten again on her right arm. They are unsuccessful and they go into the Red Queen's chamber while J:D perishes. Alice is seen wandering through a room. She notices a bunch of cages with holes in them, like something broke through them. She stops when she hears a noise. She looks and sees a zombie dog with all of its flesh gone. It chases her and she runs into a room, where there is a zombie. She punches him a few times and then kung-fu kicks him. She wonders how she did it and then remembers what James had told her about being a security guard. She had been trained in martial arts. Then a dog jumps through the window. She runs into a room and locks the door. Then she turns around and finds about five or six more zombie dogs. They run at her and she starts shooting with the gun she stole from the zombie scientist. Then another one, hiding in a cabinet jumps at her. She steps on a box, pushes her self off the wall, and kicks the dog in the face. Then we see Matt wandering through some offices. He goes to one of the cubicles and finds Dr. Lisa's, who had been shown earlier on the elevator. Then suddenly, a zombie hits the window and scares Matt. Then it cuts to the big room where all the zombies had been. The door that Alice had been observing is knocked down, and a giant ugly monster jumps through. Matt is still observing the cubicle when he hears someone. He looks and sees Lisa ( Heike Makatsch ), who looks innocent until she gets close. Then she tries to bite him, until Alice stabs Lisa in the back of her neck. Alice then has a flashback of her talking to Lisa about infiltrating the Umbrella Corporation and getting the virus to show the press. Then we hear Matt, who says that Lisa was his sister. Then he says that one of the workers had tried to get Lisa into the building (Alice) but betrayed her (not true). Everyone is barracaded in the control room. Matt and Alice come in with a bunch of zombies following them. They can't escape so they end up going back to the Red Queen room, where they ask the hologram how to escape. The hologram of the little girl, the Red Queen, appears and tells them all about the T-virus and how she was forced to lock up the facility to prevent the virus from escaping and contaminating the rest of the world's population.The T-virus was designed in the Umbrella Corp labs in the Hive as an experiment to prolong life, except the virus mutated and all of the people that were trapped in the underground facility when the bio scanners went off died and are now zombies who need to feed on living flesh to survive. Anyone whom is bitten or scratched by one of the zombies will become one too. As she explains all of this, the camera cuts to a deceased J:D who reanimates. Rain has already been bitten more then once. Alice asks the Red Queen how can they get away and the Red Queen agrees to help them. They go over to the corner and find the sewer entrance. They go down, but then a bunch of zombies appear and attack them from both directions. Everyone climbs on top of the pipes, but in the process, Kaplan is bitten on the leg while Rain gets bitten again on both of her arms. She then finds her gun and is shocked when she points it at a reanimated J:D. She hesitates to shoot but when she says his name, he comes close to her and bites her neck, some zombies nearly attack her but she breaks free. As a zombified J:D attempts to attack again, Rain shoots him dead. They all get to other side except for Kaplan. The pipe breaks and Kaplan falls but gets up in time. He tells them to leave. He puts a gun to his mouth. It shows Alice and she hears the shot. Turns out, Kaplan had shot a zombie and he goes around the center of the pipe standing vertical. Then Alice, the sickly Rain, Spencer, and Matt are walking through some corridors when Alice imagines people walking through and then she imagines the lab. She is looking through a window. It shows some scientist injecting the T-Virus into a rabbit and then it shows some green liquid. There is a vaccine. She tells Rain, whom by now is turning deathly pail and can barely walk. They go to where the lab was and it's flooded. Alice walks to where the vaccines should have been, but they're gone. Then Spencer has a flashback. It shows him overhearing Alice talking with Lisa about stealing a sample of the T-Virus to go public with the Umbrella Corporation's nefarious plans. Spencer decides to destroy the Hive before anything can be made public. Spencer is seen operating a machine handling the viruses, then it shows him throwing the T-Virus deliberately infecting the facility, then it shows him in a hurry walking out. He was the man in the opening shot who stole the T-Virus and was the one who bumped into the man knocking coffee all over him, then he gets out via the train. He had been hiding on the train, until J:D had opened the door and he fell through. Alice realizes it had been him and dives for the gun, but not before Spencer. He points it at Matt not knowing that there is a zombie behind him. The zombie bites him, then he shoots the zombie. He goes out the door. They think he is getting away, but then the TV turns on showing the Red Queen, who says that's not true and that "I've been a bad girl." Then we see Spencer walking to the spot on the trail where he hid the vaccine. He is about to inject himself when he hears something. He looks up at the ceiling where after a few seconds, a giant monster, the Licker, is seen crawling along the ceiling. Spencer looks up towards it and says "Oh my God" in shock, before the Licker drops to the ground. A panicked Spencer attempts to flee, only to be quickly mauled and killed by the Licker. Back in the flooded lab the Red Queen tells Alice that in order to get the code to open the door, she must kill Rain, who is infected and dying. Rain says OK and tells Alice to kill her and give her a fire axe she takes from the wall. She keeps telling Alice to kill her and it looks like she is until she hits the screen instead. Then the Licker jumps against the glass and cracks it. It does it a few more times then disappears. Then Kaplan, thought dead, comes through a door. They are all happy until the Licker comes back. They go out where they make it to the train and Alice finds the vaccine, but not before a zombified Spencer awakens, After mocking to him with "I'm missing you already", Alice kills him by bashing on his head with an axe, she then abandons her wedding ring before leaving on the train. As Kaplan drives the train back to the mansion, they inject the vaccine into Rain, who sits there talking, telling Alice she'll know what to do when the time comes. Her head falls and Alice is about to shoot her when she awakes and says she's not dead yet. Then some claws scratch through the metal, scratching Matt on the arm. They look to where they should shoot. Then the door to the cockpit opens and Kaplan perishes after the Licker pulls him out. The Licker bursts through the train and tries to kill Alice, who shoots it in the head. But the Licker keeps on coming and its tongue wraps around her leg, which she stabs. She tells Matt to knock it out the train, but then Rain awakens and has transformed into a zombie. She tries to bite Matt, who then shoots her in the head, killing her. The zombified Rain lands at the button, which pushes and opens the floor door where the Licker is standing on. The Licker drops out and gets squashed by the train, where it is burned to death. Alice then shuts the floor door which cuts the Licker's tongue, finally killing it for good. Matt and Alice get out just in time before the emergency doors close. Matt tells Alice that with the vaccine and the T-Virus sample, they will make public about what Umbrella Corporation is really doing when he drops to the floor complaining of pain in his arm. Suddenly, bunch of protectively-clothed scientists burst through the door. They take Matt and say that they're going to put him the Nemesis program when they see that he is infected and his scratch wounds on his arm begin pulsating. Then they take Alice and we hear them ordering her to be quarantined to check for the T-Virus. We hear them say that they're going back in the Hive to find out what when on down there.... Alice wakes up in a white room with cords sticking in her head and arm. She rips them out. Then she goes to the mirror and screams for them to let her out. Something whose face is not seen walks by the opposite side. She goes over to the door and gets a needle which she jams into the door code opener. She finds that she is in the Raccoon City Hospital and the place appears deserted. She walks outside in Raccoon City and sees that everything is destroyed. There are no people or bodies anywhere. It shows a newspaper headlined "The Dead Walk!" It is apparent the the T-Virus has escaped from the Hive and has now infected the entire city. Then she walks over to an abandoned cop car, stealing a pump action shotgun. The final shot shows Alice pump the shotgun and standing in the middle of the deserted street which then pans out showing the destroyed city. 
 Resident Evil: Afterlife (2010)541) While still out to destroy the evil Umbrella Corporation, Alice joins a group of survivors living in a prison surrounded by the infected who also want to relocate to the mysterious but supposedly unharmed safe haven known only as Arcadia. In a world ravaged by a virus infection, turning its victims into the Undead, Alice (Jovovich), continues on her journey to find survivors and lead them to safety. Her deadly battle with the Umbrella Corporation reaches new heights, but Alice gets some unexpected help from an old friend. A new lead that promises a safe haven from the Undead takes them to Los Angeles, but when they arrive the city is overrun by thousands of Undead - and Alice and her comrades are about to step into a deadly trap. Screen Gems Almost one year after the shocking revelations in Resident Evil: Extinction (2007) , once more, Alice finds herself in the middle of a never-ending quest to rescue the remaining zombie outbreak survivors, aided by an army of clones and an ally from the past. With the world overrun with legions of animated dead, the battle against the evil Umbrella Corporation seems futile; however, the urge to verify the unfounded rumour of a safe haven located in the heart of Los Angeles is overwhelming. Is this, indeed, a safe refuge, or is Alice walking straight into a fiendish trap? Nick Riganas After destroying the Umbrella Corporation's Headquarter in Tokyo, Alice heads to Arcadia, in Alaska, seeking for survivors and following the broadcasted message that offers security, safety, shelter, food and no epidemics. However, the place has no one but Claire Redfield that wears a strange device on her chest and has no recollections. Alice withdraws the electronic device and flies with Claire to Los Angeles, where she sees a group of survivors on the roof of a prison asking for help and under siege of the undead. They land on the roof and they learn with their leader Luther West that Arcadia is actually a ship anchored nearby the harbor that has stopped broadcasting the message a couple of days before. Alice and Claire team up with the survivors and they decide to move to the vessel since the crowd of zombies is menacing their fortress. But first they release Claire's brother Chris Redfield that is imprisoned in a cell. But in their journey to Arcadia, they have to fight against the legion of undead and also against a treacherous survivor. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this fourth Resident Evil movie, opening a few weeks the events of 'Resident Evil: Extinction', the Alice clones ( Milla Jovovich ) attempt to kill Umbrella CEO Albert Wesker ( Shawn Roberts ) at his base in Japan. All present clones are killed when the facility is destroyed in an explosion, activated by Wesker as he escapes in an aircraft. The original Alice ambushes him, but Wesker injects her with a serum that neutralizes the T-virus in her system, eliminating her superhuman powers and making her human again. He reveals that his T-Virus powers have surpassed her own, but before he can kill her, the aircraft crashes and Alice emerges from the wreckage. Six months later. Alice follows a repeating emergency broadcast from a survivors' safe haven known as "Arcadia" in Alaska. After many fruitless months searching for Arcadia and finding no survivors along the way, including her friends from the previous movie, Claire Redfield ( Ali Larter ) and K-Mart ( Spencer Locke ), Alice begins to lose hope, believing herself to be the last surviving human on the planet. Stopping on an abandoned beach, Alice finds the helicopter taken by Claire and the others when they and Alice parted ways. A crazed Claire, under the influence of an Umbrella Corporation device attached to her chest, attacks her. Alice removes the device, finding that it has damaged Claire's memory, which she slowly regains. Flying a two-person plane, they enter the ruins of Los Angeles and find a small group of survivors, led by Luther West ( Boris Kodjoe ) living in a maximum security prison, surrounded by the undead. Alice crash lands the plane on the roof of the prison and learn that Arcadia is not a fixed place but actually a cargo tanker traveling along the coast. Since the plane cannot take more than two, Alice and the survivors try to figure out a means to make it to Arcadia together. The survivors have been keeping watch on a prisoner, Chris Redfield ( Wentworth Miller ), whom they found locked in a maximum security cell when they arrived. He says that he is a Umbrella soldier who fought the early outbreak, but was locked up by prisoners as a cruel joke when the mission failed and knows a way to reach the coast, and thereby Arcadia, but will not reveal it unless he is released. They do not believe him, and keep him locked up until the undead manage to tunnel through the sewer ways and up into the prison, and a giant axe wielding monster (The Executioner) starts to break down the front gate; Alice and survivors are out of time to find a means to reach Arcadia so they decide to free Chris and use his escape route. He recognizes Claire and reveals himself as her brother, though she does not remember him. Chris' proposes using a military vehicle, stored somewhere in the prison. Discovering the vehicle is not operational, Bennett shoots Angel & uses the plane to escape. The remaining group has no option but to use the sewer tunnel. The group fights their way out Luther is trapped when the tunnel caves in - Alice, Claire, and Chris manage to escape through the sewers. They continue to Arcadia, finding the ship completely functional, but abandoned. Exploring its inner depths, they realize that it is a trap set by Umbrella to lure survivors to the ship to conduct experiments on them. Claire now remembers what happened to her group when they arrived at Alaska: Umbrella troops ambushed their group when they landed on the beach, attaching the devices to them, though she managed to escape. They release the survivors, among them K-Mart, and Alice continues deeper into the ship, finding escape helicopters and a purge bomb. Deeper inward, she finds Wesker, who explains the price of his survival, is a war within himself for control against the T-Virus. He hopes to gain control of the virus by assimilating Alice, the only individual to bond successfully with the T-virus. At this point the crew of the ship had abandoned Wesker, terrified by his cannibalism. Chris, Claire, and Alice battle the super-powered Wesker and seemingly kill him, with help from a recovered K-Mart who knocks Bennett out with the weapon he was trying to grab. Bennett awakens to find he is being locked in with Wesker's body by Alice and the others. He curses at them from the speakers but is silenced when Alice shoots out the intercom. Wesker does not die, but rather regenerates and devours a petrified Bennett (off-screen). Wesker escapes again by helicopter, activating the purge bomb on the Arcadia in an attempt to destroy the ship and kill the remaining survivors. Anticipating Wesker's actions, Alice had hidden the bomb onboard his helicopter, which is destroyed as she watches from the deck of the Arcadia, with Claire and Chris. Momentarily blinded by the flash from the explosion, a figure parachutes away from the destruction unnoticed... implying that Wesker has survived yet again. Elsewhere, Luther emerges from the sewers, having escaped his infected attackers. Alice resolves to turn Arcadia into a real safe haven and broadcasts its message for any other survivors. As Claire, Chris, and Alice decide how to proceed with all the survivors, they look up over the ocean to see an approaching Umbrella assault fleet of fix-winged helicopters loaded with murderous and heavily armed Umbrella troops. It is revealed that the troops are led by former Raccoon City police detective Jill Valentine ( Sienna Guillory ), who is under the control of the same Umbrella device used on Claire... 
 The Fourth Kind (2009)431) A thriller involving an ongoing unsolved mystery in Alaska, where one town has seen an extraordinary number of unexplained disappearances during the past 40 years and there are accusations of a federal cover up. In 1972, a scale of measurement was established for alien encounters. When a UFO is sighted, it is called an encounter of the first kind. When evidence is collected, it is known as an encounter of the second kind. When contact is made with extraterrestrials, it is the third kind. The next level, abduction, is the fourth kind. Modern-day, Alaska, where-mysteriously since the 1960s-a disproportionate number of the population has been reported missing every year. Despite multiple FBI investigations of the region, the truth has never been discovered. Here in this remote region, psychologist Dr. Abigail Tyler began videotaping sessions with traumatized patients and unwittingly discovered some of the most disturbing evidence of alien abduction ever documented. The Fourth Kind exposes the terrified revelations of multiple witnesses. Their accounts of being visited by alien figures all share disturbingly identical details, the validity of which is investigated throughout the film. Anonymous After the mysterious death of her beloved husband in Nome, Alaska, the psychologist Abigail Emily Tyler decides to proceed his research with clients that have insomnia and amnesia after seeing a white owl. When she uses hypnosis with two clients, they have nervous breakdown and violent attitudes with their discoveries, but they do not disclose what they have recalled. When Abbey finds that she had also seen the owl, she pushes herself to the edge with tragic consequences. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An interview between Dr. Abigail Emily Tyler and Olatunde Osunsanmi (the director) kicks off the movie. Tyler (Milla Jovovich) begins to discuss a hypnotism session performed on her by a colleague, Dr. Abel Campos (Elias Koteas), in an attempt to remember back to the night her husband Will (Julian Vergov) was murdered beside her in their bed and to recollect the face of the murderer. However, she cannot recall the face and the session results in leaving her in tears. Campos tries to convince Tyler to take time off so her head can clear, but she insists that she must continue her husband's studies. After a brief scene with her two children, Ashley (Ashley McKenna-Bruce) - who had gone blind soon after her father's death - and Ronnie (Raphal Coleman) - who blames his mother for the murder of Will - Tyler begins her studies on the sleep-deprived in Nome, Alaska, the isolated town where she lives. She notes that her patients have all awoken during the night to see a white owl watching them outside their windows for hours at a time. Tyler suggests to one patient, Tommy Fisher (Corey Johnson), that she put him under hypnosis to discover something he couldn't remember from the prior night. Under the hypnosis, Fisher says that he had woken to see the owl at his window yet again. It disappears as his door opens, and he goes into hysterics before Tyler can snap him out of it. Terrified and unwilling to reveal what he had seen opening his door, Fisher leaves. That night, the cops are called to the Fisher household to discover that Fisher is holding his wife Sarah (Tyne Rafaeli) and their two children (Pavel Stefanov and Kiera McMaster) hostage, refusing to discuss the situation with anyone other than Tyler. She arrives, and while she attempts to calm him down, Fisher begins screaming in a language that Tyler cannot understand and demanding that she tell him the meaning of what he is saying. When she can't supply a translation, Fisher shoots his wife, their children, and himself. Sheriff August (Will Patton) interrogates Tyler as to whether or not she believes her hypnosis therapy with Fisher that day was in relation to the shooting. When Tyler doesn't see a connection, August becomes enraged and tells her to cease her studies of sleep deprivation and the hypnosis on her patients. After returning home, Tyler grabs her tape recorder and makes notes over her patients, falling asleep while the recorder is still on. The following morning, Tyler arrives at work. Campos is waiting for her, worried after hearing of the Fisher shootings. She assures him that she is all right, and hands her tape recorder to her secretary, asking her to transcribe it. In her office, Scott Stracinsky (Enzo Cilenti), another of Tyler's patients, and his wife Cindy (Alisha Seaton) are waiting. Stracinsky decides to be hypnotized despite the recent tragedy. During the session, he begins shaking and gagging, and Tyler has a difficult time snapping him out of the hypnosis. When she finally does, he reveals that nonhuman creatures had invaded his room. The couple leaves moments before Tyler's secretary enters and tells Tyler that she cannot transcribe the tape. Curious, Tyler and Campos listen to the tape; moments after Tyler finishes her notes and falls asleep, mechanical noises are heard followed by terrified, heart-stopping screams coming straight from Tyler and a distorted voice speaking in an unknown language. She cannot remember anything that had happened that night and goes into denial, but discovers a bruise-like mark on her shoulder and scratches in the floorboards from her fingernails, as if she'd been trying to prevent someone from dragging her out. In her husband's research she finds the name and number of author Dr. Awolowa Odusami (Hakeem Kae-Kazim). Tyler calls the number and asks Odusami if he knew her husband. He claims he didn't, but says that someone using the alias of "John" had called him from that number before. They set up a meeting between Tyler, Odusami, and Campos; during this, Odusami listens to the tape and concludes that the language is Sumerian, a dead language. He mentions that in ancient Sumerian artifacts pictures of men in space suits and UFOs were depicted, and that the voice on the tape speaking the language - saying words such as "destroy" and "ruin" - did not sound human. During the meeting, Stracinsky's wife calls Tyler and begs her to come to their house. She, along with her colleagues, arrives at the house to find Scott in bed, a large bruise on his arm similar to the one on Tyler's shoulder. He wants to be put under hypnosis, because he can't quite remember what happened. Almost immediately after being put under, Stracinsky jerks into an upright position with his head thrown back and his eyes and mouth open wide. He soon begins to levitate off the bed and screams in the Sumerian language. His body is distorted and dropped back onto the bed, seemingly lifeless. Terrified, Tyler hurries to her house and starts packing, intending to flee to North Carolina. Sherriff August comes in; Stracinsky is now paralyzed from the neck down, and August believes that Tyler did it. As he is arresting her, Campos comes in and firmly states that Tyler had nothing to do with the accident. August agrees to leave Tyler at her house under constant surveillance by an officer of his. In the early hours of the morning, the officer spots an object flying over the household and calls August. The police officer also says he saw the three of them entering the starship. When August arrives, he finds a sobbing Tyler in Ashley's room. Tyler claims that a beam of light appeared and took her daughter. August demands Tyler to stop her nonsense, believing that she was the cause behind Ashley's disappearance. Also, he forces Tyler to accept that her late husband wasn't killed by any such stranger as she says she saw: he had committed suicide in front of her. When she wasn't able psychologically to face this fact, her anguished mind lied to herself into believing it was a criminal stranger's fault. This leads August to further believe that Tyler can convince herself of anything. When she continues to insist that it was the work of extraterrestrials, he takes Ronnie, who also believes that his mother was the cause of his sister's kidnapping, out of her custody. Firmly believing that her daughter was abducted, Tyler asks Campos and Odusami to put her under hypnosis to bring her back to the night her tape recorder caught her screaming - which she believes was a recording of her own personal abduction - in an attempt to directly contact the aliens and demand for Ashley back. Campos puts Tyler into a deep sleep, and an inhuman voice speaking through her begins screaming in Sumerian. Tyler begins an almost schizophrenic scene where she and the Sumerian voice speaking through her start arguing. She begs them to bring her daughter back, and yet the voice refuses before it drops Tyler back on the couch. Campos and Odusami try to revitalize her when they themselves start screaming. When the static halts, the camera is now on the floor of an empty room; the three doctors are missing. Osunsanmi asks Tyler what had happened the night of her hypnosis. She tells him that they were abducted, though they were unsure where they had gone or what had been done to them. The interview fades as the film itself continues; Tyler is now in a hospital bed, August and Campos at her bedside. August asks her who killed her husband, and she says all she was aware of was that he was stabbed while they were asleep. Countering her story, August holds up a picture of Will's head with a bullet hole through it alongside a picture of a gun, and tells Tyler that her husband had committed suicide. He asks her yet again where Ashley was, and Tyler swears that her daughter was abducted. She begs Campos to speak up, reminding him that they had gone through the same things. He keeps quiet, and August is forced to remove Ronnie from a worn-down Tyler's custody. Tyler continues to stay true to the story of Ashley's abduction by aliens. As she becomes emotional, Olatunde Osunsanmi (the true director of the film) finally concludes the interview. It is then that the camera zooms out, and the audience is made aware of the fact that Tyler is in a wheelchair, paralyzed. The end credits reveal that no one involved in the real events had wanted to participate in the creation of the film, and that Tyler is under constant surveillance as her health deteriorates day by day ever since her abduction. Her son Ronnie stills blames Dr Tyler for Ashley's disappearance. Ashley has never been found. The end credits rolls with 911 calls reporting sightings of UFOs. 