nm0007747:

 The Last Flight (2009)Summaries A woman goes on a journey to find her lover after his plane disappears in the Sahara. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bye-Bye (1995)Summaries In Paris, Ismal, a young Tunisian, cares for two brothers, Nouredine, a cripple, and streetwise Mouloud, 14. In haste, Ismal and Mouloud go to Marseilles where an uncle lives. Nouredine has died in a fire, and Ismal feels guilt on top of grief. Ismal becomes friends with Jacky, a white man whose father and brother hate immigrants. Mouloud hangs out with cousin Rhida who breaks Islamic rules and deals hash. Ismal decides Mouloud must return to Tunisia, but the boy runs off, becoming an acolyte to Rhida's supplier. Ismal and Jacky's Arab girlfriend start an affair, friends betray friends, and the racism gets ugly. Can Ismal rescue himself and Mouloud or will life in France crush them? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chocolat (1988)Summaries A French woman returns to her childhood home in Cameroon - formerly a colonial outpost - where she's flooded by memories, particularly of Prote, her servant. A young French woman returns to the vast silence of West Africa to contemplate her childhood days in a colonial outpost in Cameroon. Her strongest memories are of the family's houseboy, Protee - a man of great nobility, intelligence and beauty - and the intricate nature of relationships in a racist society. Dawn M. Barclift It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lili et le baobab (2006)Summaries Aged 33, Lili goes to Africa for the first time in her life, to Agnam, a Sahelian village in the northeast of Senegal. Her local council has asked her to photograph the infrastructure they financed as part of the twinning of the two towns. Although the immediate affection and curiosity that she arouses intrigue her, Lili does not really stop to take stock. The photos she has to take protect her when she feels alone and foreign, faced with the questions she is asked about her life and the children she doesn't have... In a sense, it is almost without her knowledge that Aminata, a woman her age, lays the foundations of an improbable friendship. However, when Lili returns to Normandy, something has shifted, or cracked... and she is projected differently into the life that used to be hers. She meets Moussa, an immigrant worker from Agnam. It is through him that she learns that Aminata has given birth to an illegitimate child and that she is in danger in her community. In her own awkward and impulsive way, Lili will have to implicate herself and deal with the unsettling sensation that Africa has left her; the new desire to feel useful and therefore alive. Full of illusions, she goes back to Agnam. Without the protection of a job to do, this trip will be less superficial and more implicating. It will directly confront her with the question of where she belongs. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 