nm0005187:

 Married to the Mob (1988)651) A mobster's wife hates her lifestyle, but gets a chance to change it when her husband is killed - if the Long Island mob and the FBI let her. Angela deMarco is unhappily married to high Mafia member Frank deMarco. When Frank is killed, Angela takes the opportunity to break free of the Mafia world entirely and start a new life. But Frank's boss, Tony Russo, begins to court the unresponsive Angela. The FBI begins surveillance on her, thinking her to be his new mistress. FBI agent Mike Downey goes undercover as Angela's neighbor, but soon finds himself attracted to Angela himself. Reid Gagle In suburban New York, 'Cucumber' Frank de Marco works for mobster Tony 'The Tiger' Russo. This mob family does everything together, with each member surviving completely from what they get from each other, which does not sit well with Frank's wife, Angela de Marco, who wants a divorce and out of the mob life but which she knows deep in her heart will and can never happen. Tony kills Frank and waitress Karen Lutnick after Tony catches Frank and Karen, his squeeze, having an affair. Neither Angela or Tony's wife, the controlling and jealous Connie Russo who is the only person Tony is truly afraid of, knows about the affairs. When Tony starts making moves on Angela, which does not sit well either with Angela or Connie, Angela decides to chuck in everything and move with her seven year old son Joey de Marco to the city, effectively running away from the mob and the only life she knows. Despite the difficulties having no money and no job, Angela wants them to lead a clean life. FBI agent Mike Downey, who along with his partner Ed Benitez have been tailing Tony and his gang, believes Tony killed Frank and Karen, which if he could get evidence of such could place Tony behind bars for the rest of his life. Mike believes Angela could be the key to nabbing Tony, as he also believes Angela's move to the city is to set up a love nest for her and Tony. Complications ensue when Tony does find Angela in the city, when Connie finds that Tony has found Angela, as Tony gets into a violent mob war, and as Mike gets closer to Angela than he expected, each falling for the other in the process without her knowing he is FBI. Huggo The mobster 'Cucumber' Frank de Marco is married with the housewife Angela de Marco and she in unhappy with their marriage and wants the divorce. Frank is having a love affair with Karen Lutnick, who is the mistress of his boss Tony 'The Tiger' Russo. When Tony discovers their love affair, he kills them in a party. Tony is under surveillance of the FBI agents Mike Downey and Ed Benitez and during the wake, Tony kisses Angela. The agents and Tony's wife Connie Russo believe that the widow Angela is having an affair with Tony. Angela takes the opportunity to move from the suburbs to a small apartment in New York with her son. Meanwhile Mike bugs her apartment and soon they fall in love with each other. But Tony discovers her new address and courts her. Soon the FBI Senior Management blackmails Angela to force her to get close to Tony to help the FBI to arrest him and she discovers that Mike is an agent. Will Angela give a second chance to Mike? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Michelle Pfeiffer , Matthew Modine , Dean Stockwell , Alec Baldwin and Mercedes Ruehl redefine family values in this bona fide mafia hit that's so hilarious, it's an offer you can't refuse" (The Washington Post). Angela De Marco (Pfeiffer) is stuck in a loveless marriage to an adulterous philanderer who also just happens to be a mobster. Tired of living with a two-timing husband and his laundered money, she gets a new lease on life when hes iced by Tony The Tiger Russo; a ruthless kingpin who's always had a thing for the beautiful Angela and now is free to put the moves on the grieving widow. Kissing the Long Island mafia arrivederci, Angela starts over in Manhattan, finding a new job in a beauty salon, but Tony's hot on her trail, still determined to make her his mob mistress. Now, Angela must choose between helping the FBI or spend the rest of her life being Married To The Mob. Directed by Jonathan Demme (Last Embrace). Nominated for Best Supporting Actor ( Dean Stockwell ). Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At a Long Island railroad station, Frank "the Cucumber" DeMarco (Alec Baldwin) and Tommy (Paul Lazar), two Mafia associates, wait for the commuter train on which they will assassinate a person known only as 'The Fat Man' (Captain Haggerty), an enemy of crime lord Tony "The Tiger" Russo (Dean Stockwell). Before the train arrives, Tommy informs DeMarco that his wife, Angela (Michelle Pfeiffer), turned down an invitation to an important Mafiosi dinner party to which the DeMarcos were invited. DeMarco carries out the assassination flawlessly and leaves the dead Fat Man behind on the crowded train. Later that day, at her Long Island beauty parlor, Angela offends Tony's vain wife Connie (Mercedes Ruehl), as well as the other fellow Mafia wives, Rose (Joan Cusack), Theresa (Ellen Foley) and Phyllis (O-Lan Jones), by declining an invitation to a card game. At home, DeMarco confronts Angela about refusing social opportunities and jeopardizing his career, but she expresses dissatisfaction with their lifestyle and ill-gotten possessions. Breaking into tears, she claims, "Everything we own fell off a truck." Although she wants a divorce, DeMarco laughs at the suggestion and tells her to take a Valium. Soon after, DeMarco and several other Mafia gangsters gather at the King's Roost, a dinner club with a medieval castle theme. As several FBI agents surreptitiously watch, Tony gives a necklace to a waitress, Karen Lutnick (Nancy Travers). After dinner, Tony meets Karen in a hotel room to have sex, but then suspects that she has another tryst scheduled. Later in the evening, DeMarco enters Karen's hotel room and finds her soaking in the bathtub with a bullet in her head, just before Tony kills him. Meanwhile, FBI agent Mike Downey (Matthew Modine) surmises that Tony is guilty of the double murder and gains permission from his superior to work on the case. After DeMarco's funeral, Tony approaches Angela and forces a kiss on her. Unaware that Angela does not welcome Tony's overtures, FBI agents snap a photo of the act. Rose also sees the kiss. Despite Angela's claim to the contrary, the Mafia housewives presume Angela is pursuing Tony and confront her at the supermarket. Connie threatens to crush Angela and demonstrates with a carton of eggs. Taking action, Angela donates her house, car and all her furniture to charity and, with her 10-year-old son Joey (Anthony J. Nicci), moves to a tenement on Manhattan's Lower East Side. Mike and Ed Benitez (Oliver Platt), another FBI agent who has been staking out Angela, wire her apartment. When Mike accidentally encounters Angela in the apartment elevator, he introduces himself as a workman named Mike Smith. After attempting unsuccessfully to get a job at a department store cosmetics counter, Angela seeks employment at the Chicken Lickin' fast food restaurant, but leaves when she catches the manager spying on her as she changes into the store uniform. Eventually, Angela is hired at the "Hello Gorgeous" hair salon, where she works with Rita (Carol East), the manager. After Tony's henchmen learn Angela's location, Tony and Tommy visit her, bringing a gift of groceries, and remind her that she is still in the "family." Although Angela evades their invitation to dinner, Connie, hiding in her station wagon, observes Tony kissing Angela's hand. After encountering Mike a second time at the apartment, Angela asks him on a date. On Long Island, gunmen from a Miami underworld family ambush Tony and his entourage at a Burger World. Although Tony escapes by shooting all his attackers, he decides to set up a meeting with his Miami rivals to settle their differences. Mike and Angela are sharing intimate moments in her apartment, when Connie arrives looking for Tony and instead finds Mike. After she leaves, the defeated Angela explains to Mike that she is connected to the Russo crime family and unable to start a new life outside the mob. Mike then realizes he has misjudged Angela and tells her that she deserves a second chance. However, Mike's superiors at the FBI chastise him for his romantic interlude with Angela and bring her in for questioning. Mike's hostile boss, FBI Regional Director Franklin (Trey Wilson), threatens to send Angela to prison for donating stolen goods to charity and for illegal tax returns submitted by her now dead husband, and he also accuses her of colluding in DeMarco's murder. To put further pressure on Angela, he has Rita, her salon manager, arrested on immigration charges. When Angela complains that the FBI employs the same tactics as the mob, Franklin retorts that the "mob is run by murdering, thieving, lying, cheating psychopaths" while the FBI works for the President of the United States. Afraid that Joey will be placed in a foster home, Angela reluctantly agrees to cooperate with the FBI by flirting with Tony and gaining entrance into his world. Tony invites Angela to accompany him to Miami, where the meeting with his rivals will be held. Connie decides to surprise Tony and join him in Miami, but after learning he booked the honeymoon suite, she suspects that Angela is with him and flies to Miami with revenge on her mind. At the hotel, Tony gives Angela a gift and Angela, shaking with fear, reciprocates by giving him a ring that has a surveillance device inside it. Meanwhile, Mike and other FBI agents are shadowing Angela. When Tony, realizes he has seen Mike several times, he orders his underlings to bring him to the honeymoon suite, where his identity as an FBI agent is revealed. Mike tells the mobsters that agents will arrive and arrest them at any moment, but instead, the now-deranged Connie arrives. She slugs Angela to the floor and, claiming she has "nothing to live for", threatens to shoot and kill Tony. Chaos ensues, as Mike and the mobsters shoot at each other, but Mike subdues all but Tony, who is still held at gunpoint by Connie. However, Angela knocks out Connie, and several agents enter and make arrests. Sometime later, Tony leaves a courthouse after his trial and acquittal. As he goes to the men's room to relieve himself, Connie is there and shoots him. But the whole sequence is a dream as Tony is really in prison in a small cell serving his time, and having constant nightmares about his angry and jealous wife coming after him. Later in New York City, Mike calls Angela from a phone booth outside the "Hello Gorgeous" salon and asks her for a haircut. When he arrives, Angela, remembering his comment about second chances, decides to give Mike a break and kisses him, and the crowd in the salon breaks into applause. A series of outtakes and deleted scenes are shown over the closing credits involving scenes of several more characters not seen or only glimpsed in the movie whom include Chris Isaak playing a clown, David Johanson playing a priest at DeMarco's funeral, and Joe Spinell playing a gangster named 'Tiptoes' Mazzilli attending DeMarco's funeral and who is later killed in another deleted scene by Tony. 
 50 First Dates (2004)541) Henry Roth is a man afraid of commitment until he meets the beautiful Lucy. They hit it off and Henry think he's finally found the girl of his dreams until discovering she has short-term memory loss and forgets him the next day. Henry Roth lives in a Hawaiian paradise with the company of endless women with no strings attached. This is until he meets Lucy Whitmore. Both Henry and Lucy enjoy the company of each other and feel the start of a serious relationship occurring. Approaching Lucy the next day, Henry is confused when Lucy fails to recognize him. This is the moment Henry discovers that Lucy actually suffers from short term memory loss and can't remember each individual day. Henry won't let this stop him and is prepared to make her fall in love with him all over again, each and every day. FilmFanUk Imagine having to win over the girl of your dreams...every single day. That's the dilemma that playboy Honolulu veterinarian Henry Roth faces when after a multitude of one-night stands, he decides to settle down after a chance meeting with local artist Lucy Whitmore. Unfortunately for him, Lucy has short-term memory loss stemming from a car accident that happened a year earlier on her father Marlin's birthday; consequently, she can't remember anything that happened the day before, so each day, Henry must attempt to win her heart again. Additionally, Lucy's friends and family, including her older brother Doug, are very protective, so Henry must do everything possible to convince them that he's doing it for all the right reasons. asbwtw Henry Roth is a veterinarian living in Hawaii who enjoys the company of vacationing women. He leaves the playboy life behind after he falls for Lucy, who suffers from short-term memory loss. Since she can never remember meeting him, Henry has to romance Lucy every single day and hope that she falls for him. IMDb Editors Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Henry Roth (Adam Sandler) is a wildlife veterinarian in Hawaii, who meets Lucy Whitmore (Drew Barrymore) a woman who has a short-term memory loss from an auto accident a year earlier. Henry is a ladies man on the island who has been breaking the hearts of female tourists for years. Henry meets Lucy at a local cafe and takes her out on a date. Henry falls in love with Lucy, but there is one problem when she awakens in the morning, she can't remember him or anything that happened that day. Henry must devise a plan to meet Lucy everyday and try to get her to fall in love with him again and again. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Into the Blue (2005)761) A group of divers find themselves in deep trouble with a drug lord after they come upon the illicit cargo of a sunken airplane. Down on his luck and perpetually impecunious, the experienced deep-sea diver, Jared, and his theme-park guide girlfriend, Sam, lead an idyllic and simple life in the sun-drenched Bahamas. Dreaming of striking gold, the couple along with Jared's solicitor friend, Bryce, and his new lover, Amanda, set sails for the vast ocean on a rickety boat, to claim ownership of a sunken pirate treasure of inestimable value lying next to a wrecked fuselage crammed with watertight cocaine bricks. Before long, the temptation to get their hands on easy money will lead to a dangerous head-on collision with the murderous local drug lords, as the team gets sucked deeper and deeper into an unexpected adventure amid the blue and shark-infested Bahamian waters. But, will the sea give away its riches so easily? Nick Riganas New York defense attorney Bryce Dunn brings his latest pickup Amanda Collins along on holiday at the Bahaman villa he received as payment for winning a drug cartel trial, visiting his buddy Jared Cole, a would be-treasurer salvager who owns a crappy boat without proper gear and just lost his menial shark tour guide job, but not steady girl Sam Nicholson. As after every hurricane, Jared hopes for a new wreck lead and takes his mates along diving at a promising site. They find both a lead to the Zephyr, a Civil War pirate's richest prize, and a recently crashed Colombian cocaine airplane, with its illicit cargo. Jared stubbornly refuses to collaborate with an fears the claim beings snatched away by his former employer, well-equipped treasure hunter Derek Bates, but Bryce and Sam prefer to sell 'just enough' of the coke to dealer Reyes, only to learn his cartel lost the plane and demands it all back, or will kill all their loved ones. It gets worse with a shark accident and Reyes's impatient boss. KGF Vissers Sam and Jared are a young couple in the Bahamas, divers and aspiring treasure hunters. While the arrogant salvager Bates has loads of expensive equipment, Jared gets by with a small, battered boat. Jared and Sam find a historic wreck, but nearby is a wrecked airplane with a large quantity of cocaine. Jared and Sam want the treasure; their diving partners also want the drugs. Dangerous criminals realize the plane and cocaine are submerged somewhere in the area. When the bad guys learn that the couple has located the drugs, Jared and Sam find themselves in mortal peril. Ken Miller <wkmiller704@yahoo.com> In Caribbean Sea, the diver Jared and his girlfriend Sam have a simple life, aiming at finding a treasure, but without money to buy the necessary ship and equipment. When Jared's friend, the egocentric and selfish young lawyer Bryce, and his new girlfriend Amanda arrive in the island to spend a couple of days with them, they dive together and accidentally find a wrecked airplane loaded with cocaine, and evidences of a sunken boat with a treasure. Afraid of losing the treasure for the arrogant hunter Bates, Bryce tries to convince Jared and Sam to negotiate a small part of the drug to raise the necessary money for the expedition, but the correct couple does not accept the proposal. Bryce and Amanda decide to deal themselves with a drug lord, jeopardizing the life and integrity of Jared and Sam. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jared Cole and his girlfriend Sam Nicholson are a young couple living in the Caribbean. Jared is an unemployed diver whose dream is to find treasure in the Caribbean Sea and Sam works at a local resort as a shark handler. When Jared's best friend Bryce Dunn, a selfish New York lawyer and his new girlfriend Amanda Collins arrive, the two couples spend a couple of days experiencing paradise. But, they discover an airplane on the sea floor that crashed during a hurricane and they find the cargo on-board the airplane is cocaine. Jared and Sam's lives are in danger, when Bryce and Amanda make a deal with a dangerous drug lord who wants the cocaine. Jared's rival, Treasure Hunter Derek Bates learns what they are doing and tries to negotiate the cocaine to raise money for a expedition where he intends to find a sunken boat with treasure. Jared, Sam, Bryce, and Amanda find themselves racing against time to find the shipwreck before somebody else does. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jared (Paul Walker) and Sam (Jessica Alba) are two lovers living a rustic life in a trailer, next to the beach in the Bahamas. Sam works as a guide in the local aquatic theme park, "Atlantis", and Jared has worked a number of odd jobs in his field of passion, diving. His real dream, though, is finding one of many merchant and pirate ships lost in the waters around the Bahamas, many of them with large amounts of gold on board. Jared's friend Bryce (Scott Caan) and his girlfriend Amanda (Ashley Scott) come to visit, as Bryce, a lawyer in New York City, has acquired the use of a luxury vacation house from a client he defended. While snorkeling, Jared comes across artifacts that seem to stem from a ship wreck. The four of them investigate and find several other pieces that turn out to be the remains of a legendary French pirate ship, the Zephyr, lost as the pirate made his getaway. This legendary shipwreck is rumored to contain millions of dollars in gold. The foursome, thinking their dreams of discovering buried treasure have finally come true, decide to investigate. While exploring it to try and stake their claim, they come across the remains of a crashed plane carrying a large quantity of cocaine. Bryce and Amanda are advocates of keeping the cocaine to sell it for profit, while Jared and Sam oppose it. To avoid attracting attention to the location of their treasure find, Bryce and Amanda agree not to report the crashed plane and its illegal cargo until they have secured their claim on the sunken ship. Jared and Bryce go to a local boat supplier in order to make a deal for the equipment needed to retrieve the treasure, with Bryce funding the purchase. However, Jared soon finds out that Bryce, during a trip to Las Vegas about a month ago, borrowed money from a loan shark and is in heavy debt and therefore is in no position to pay for anything. Without Jared's knowledge, Bryce and Amanda come up with a plan to retrieve some of the cocaine from the sunken plane and sell it to local night club owner Primo (Tyson Beckford). Unfortunately, Primo turns out to be an associate of the drug lord Reyes (James Frain) to whom the cocaine belonged in the first place. Reyes, wanting his cocaine back, threatens Jared, Amanda and Bryce at gunpoint to bring him his cocaine or die. Faced with this choice, Jared agrees to retrieve the cocaine. However, he tells Reyes that he will need $30,000 worth of non-refundable diving equipment to do so. Instead, he uses the situation to get to the gear he needs to salvage the Zephyr. Back on land, the trio breaks the bad news to Sam. Sam is heartbroken that Jared would violate his principles and work for drug lords. He tries to convince her that it's okay and that it's a one-time thing, but Sam leaves him, saying that 'they' are over. Jared, Bryce, and Amanda head to sea. They start the night's work by uncovering the site of the Zephyr, finding the ship's bell with the name on it. For Jared, the victory feels hollow, though. As they are moving the cocaine packs from the plane to their surface boat, Amanda is attacked by a large tiger shark. She is brought to the hospital where she dies due to a huge bite out of her left leg. Hearing of the tragedy, Sam comes to the hospital and she and Jared are reunited. While driving back from the hospital, the threesome (Jared, Sam, and Bryce) are confronted by Primo at an intersection. A short, but intense car chase ends up with Jared leaving their truck and telling Bryce and Sam to meet him later. He surrenders to Primo and tries to get them to back off by offering them and their boss the loot on the Zephyr. Primo still takes him to Reyes' boat. The boat looks deserted, so Primo tells Jared to lie down on the floor of the state room while he investigates. After some time, when Primo doesn't return, Jared goes to explore. He finds Primo, Reyes and several others shot dead in one the bedrooms. Out from the toilet comes Bates (Josh Brolin), a local salvager and former employer of Jared's. He asks Jared where "his cocaine" is and Jared bolts. He escapes from the boat and heads for shore. Meanwhile, Sam insists on going to the police, and goes to the private home of one of their friends, a local cop named Roy (Dwayne Adway). Bryce drops her off, but thinking they'll get busted, heads off to meet Jared. Roy comforts Sam and tells her he knows a guy who can help, but that it has to be kept outside of the official channels, as he's not sure who he can trust. Roy betrays Sam and takes her to Bates, who captures her. Jared and Bryce meet up and Jared calls the captive Sam, who is handcuffed and gagged with duct tape. Bates answers her cell phone and tells Jared to disclose the location of the cocaine. Jared insists that they meet and Jared show him to the location. Bryce and Jared then make a plan to settle the situation once and for all. Jared is taken aboard Bates' boat, the Sea Robin. Here he is shown Sam, who is in the engine room, handcuffed to the body of Roy and gagged with duct tape, who was shot by Bates. The Sea Robin heads for the location where Jared directs them, but as they approach the area, they see a white substance floating on the surface. Jared tells Bates that it's half of the cocaine, ruined, and that Jared will destroy the rest. He jumps into the water, and Bates and his men, after changing into Scuba gear, go after him. Below the surface, in the plane, the divers look for Jared. Bryce has switched places with one of the dead pilots, and they use this to mount a surprise attack. An underwater struggle follows, killing all of Bates' men and wounding Bryce. Meanwhile, Sam finds a forgotten machete in the engine room and uses it to free herself from Roy's body by cutting off his arm. She then severs a pipe, which brings one of Bates' men down into the engine room, where she locks him in. They then goes up to the bridge to call for help. The man escapes from the engine room; a chase around the boat ends in a fight that Sam ultimately wins as they go into the water and the man, wounded by Sam with a boat hook, is attacked by another tiger shark. Below, Jared and Bates are the only ones left. Jared uses an air tank as a missile by hammering off the valve. Bates escapes it, but as it hits the fuel tank at the back of the plane, it causes the entire plane to explode, killing Bates. Sam jumps into the water, fearing for Jared's life, but he survives. Six weeks later. The trio is salvaging the Zephyr. After trying to bring an old cannon atop fails and the cannon sinks back down to the bottom, Sam and Jared call it a night. However, Bryce sees something in the water, uncovered as the cannon hit the wood of the wreck's deck. He jumps in and dives down. As he comes back up he announces that he found the gold of the Zephyr. 
 Shark Tale (2004)431) When a son of a gangster shark boss is accidentally killed while on the hunt, his would-be prey and his vegetarian brother decide to use the incident to their own advantage. The sea underworld is shaken up when the son of shark mob boss Don Lino (Robert De Niro) is found dead, and a young fish named Oscar (Will Smith) is found at the scene. Being a bottom feeder, Oscar takes advantage of the situation and makes himself look like he killed the finned mobster. Oscar soon comes to realize that his claim may have serious consequences. This mafia movie, set in the world of saltwater fish, is the story of what happens when the son of shark boss Don Lino (Robert De Niro) of a fish crime family is killed by a dropped anchor, and a bottom-feeder named Oscar (Will Smith) is found at the scene of the crime. Hoping to win favor with the enemies of the ganglord, the fast-talking hustler poses as the killer known as the "sharkslayer", but soon learns it's a dangerous game in a world where the big fish generally eat the little fish. austin4577@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Oscar (Will Smith-voice) is a little fish working in the whale-wash as a tongue washer, the bottom of the fish organizational chart. Oscar dreams of becoming a somebody some day and living at the top of the Reef. Oscar has been getting advances on his wages from his boss, Sykes (Martin Scorsese-voice) a puffer fish, to bet on the seahorse races. Don Lino (Robert DeNiro-voice) is the great white shark mafia boss at the top of the Reef's food chain, who wants his two sons, Lenny (Jack Black-voice) and Frankie (Michael Imperioli-voice), to take over the business. Don Lino orders Sykes to pay what he owes him. In turn, Sykes orders Oscar to pay the 5,000-clams debt he owes him. Oscar is able to get the clams from his best friend, Angie (Renee Zellweger-voice), who has a secret crush on him. Oscar is supposed to pay Sykes at the racetrack; regrettably, Oscar makes a 5,000-clam bet, and Sykes ends up ordering his jellyfish to take Oscar out. Frankie is about to eat Oscar when he is hit and killed by an anchor. Oscar takes credit for killing the shark, and he becomes the Sharkslayer and protector of the Reef. Lenny, a vegetarian, becomes Oscar's friend and helps him with the charade. Don Lino is out to avenge his son's death by ordering all the sharks to find and eat Oscar. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 