nm0000255:

 Gone Girl (2014)871) With his wife's disappearance having become the focus of an intense media circus, a man sees the spotlight turned on him when it's suspected that he may not be innocent. On the occasion of his fifth wedding anniversary, Nick Dunne reports that his wife, Amy, has gone missing. Under pressure from the police and a growing media frenzy, Nick's portrait of a blissful union begins to crumble. Soon his lies, deceits and strange behavior have everyone asking the same dark question: Did Nick Dunne kill his wife? Twentieth Century Fox Nick Dunne, a small town guy who made good in the big city as a magazine writer blames the recession and the loss of his job for the decline of his marriage to his intellectually superior wife with a substantial trust fund. Questions of his motives and character begin to arise after his wife's disappearance on the morning of their fifth anniversary. As the search for his missing wife plays out over the ensuing days, guilty suspicions are fueled into a national frenzy by the media circus camped outside his house. Is this idyllic, everyman truly capable of murdering his wife? MalcolmJTaylor Nick and Amy Dunne are a couple living in a small town in Missouri. Nick calls the authorities when she goes missing but something is off about his behavior. Is he hiding something? Is he sad or distraught enough? While the police continue their investigation, Nick is battling a media frenzy and the people who believe his innocence is dwindling by the minute. Angela Thomas A Missouri couple had a great life in their house with no kid, but it all changed when their 5th wedding anniversary occurs. Nick, the husband now realizes that his wife, Amy has gone missing. He calls the local authorities for reporting the situation. Along with the time and the local searching program, the progress becoming blurred between Nick's version of the story or the new investigation result - that Nick suspected of killing his wife. Now, Nick struggles for convincing the media, telling them if he didn't kill his wife, and probe the cryptic clues from his own wife. Gusde Under very curious and suspicious circumstances, the former New York City columnist, Nick Dunne, finds out that his home in Missouri has been intruded; his front door half-open; shattered glass everywhere, and his popular author wife, Amy, inexplicably missing. Amid an unbridled media feeding frenzy, inevitably, Nick's life comes under the spotlight, as the experienced detective, Rhonda Boney, delves deeper and deeper into the husband's seemingly perfect image. As a result, half-truths and full lies entangle Nick more and more in a foggy reality where nothing is what it seems. Is the caring family man, indeed, a cold-blooded murderer? Nick Riganas The disappearance of Nick Dunne's wife transpires into a media frenzy, leaving him frantic and in desperate need of a lawyer - but why? Darkly satirical and scintillating, Gone Girl forces us to look at the dark parts of ourselves, the validity of our relationships and society's propensity to pigeonhole women. BecksyKane Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nick Dunne (Ben Affleck) is stroking the hair of his wife Amy (Rosamund Pike), saying through a voiceover that he'd like to crack her skull and pick apart her brain to answer that eternal question married couples have: What are you thinking? July 5, 2012 Nick takes out the garbage early in the morning, and looks around at the quiet neighbourhood. He then goes to a bar he co-owns with his sister Margo (Carrie Coon). He brings her a Mastermind board game that she throws in with a pile of others. He asks for a drink, and she pours one for each of them. It's the morning of Nick and Amy's 5th wedding anniversary, and he expects another scavenger hunt. Nick seems distressed, not wanting to be there at all. January 8, 2005 Nick and Amy first meet at a party in New York. He writes for a men's magazine and she writes personality quizzes for another. She makes a comment on the cleft of his chin making him look untrustworthy. He puts two fingers over the cleft so he'll appear more trusting. They take a walk and pass through a bakery that is getting a sugar delivery. Sugar is floating around everywhere as Nick and Amy walk through it. Nick tells Amy he has to kiss her now. He wipes some sugar off her lips and kisses her. They are later seen in bed with her lying on her back in her underwear and him performing oral sex on her. Present Day. Nick gets a call from a neighbor, telling him that his cat is outside. He returns home and calls for Amy. No answer. He goes into the living room and sees a table flipped over and the glass top is shattered on the floor. Nick screams Amy's name, startling a neighbor. Nick calls the police. Arriving at his home are Detective Rhonda Boney and Officer Jim Gilpin (Kim Dickens and Patrick Fugit). They inspect the place. Rhonda sees a small splatter of blood in the kitchen above the range. In the living room, they see a wall with pictures of "Amazing Amy", a book series written by Amy's parents. Rhonda comments that she loves the books and is surprised to learn that Nick is married to Amazing Amy herself. February 24, 2007 Nick and Amy go to a party held by her parents Rand and Marybeth (David Clennon and Lisa Banes). It is to celebrate the latest Amazing Amy book, where Amy gets married. As Nick and Amy discuss the exhibitions at the party, it becomes clear that the parents' fictional Amazing Amy character is a dramatically "improved" version of their real daughter that is sold it to the public. (For example, they gave Amazing Amy a dog, but refused one for their real daughter. They made Amazing Amy a prodigy cellist when real the Amy dropped out.) Rand asks Amy to go sit with some reporters so they can interview her. She does, and they ask her mundane questions such as why she's not married yet (to which she replies that Amazing Amy has always been one step ahead of her). Nick comes in pretending to be a reporter. He asks her more personal questions, leading up to a marriage proposal - opening his notebook to reveal an engagement ring. He mentions that she has a world class vagina. Present Day Nick is brought into the police station for questioning about Amy's disappearance. Rhonda and Jim find it odd that he seems rather indifferent and passive when answering questions and the fact that he doesn't know if Amy has any close friends or her blood type. He goes to call Amy's parents. Her mother asks to speak to Rhonda. In the next room, Nick finds that his father Bill (Leonard Kelly-Young) is in there after the police found him wandering around town, having left his assisted living facility (he suffers from Alzheimer's). Nick drives him back to the facility. Nick stays at Margo's house while the police inspect his home. A pregnant neighbor, Noelle Hawthorne (Casey Wilson), who claims to be Amy's best friend, comes by and asks about Amy. In the upstairs bedroom, Officer Gilpin says that he found "it" in the drawer of "unmentionables." Detective Boney pulls out an envelope, labelled "Clue One." July 5, 2009 Nick and Amy have been happily married for two years. On their anniversary, another of Amy's scavenger hunts takes them to the library to have sex in a quiet area. Amy gives Nick a gift. He opens the box to find a package of very high quality bed sheets. She refers to a private joke they had about how their sex was too good for ordinary sheets. He laughs and pulls out a gift for her - the same sheets. Present Day When questioned about this "clue", Nick says Amy always prepares a treasure hunt for their anniversary. The first clue leads him and Rhonda to his office, with another envelope on his desk labelled "Clue Two." Detective Boney finds a pair of red panties in the office. Nick is surprised by this discovery, as it doesn't seem directly related to the clue. The second clue mentions a brown house, but tells the detective that he doesn't understand it. Nick goes to his father's old home, which is painted blue. He arrives, but sets off the alarm. He enters the code twice to disarm the alarm, but it doesn't work. The phone rings, and it is the alarm monitoring company investigating the alarm. As he starts to explain that it's his father's house, the detectives arrive, so he figures they must be following him. He finds the third clue there but only has time to tuck it into his back pocket, hiding it from the police. The detectives question him as to why he's there. He says he comes by once a week to make sure the place doesn't burn down. Amy's parents fly in from New York as a press conference is held to spread awareness of Amy's disappearance. Nick asks others for help, but he appears emotionless. He is asked to pose next to a poster of Amy, and a photographer captures the brief moment when a smile appears on his face. Nick and Amy's parents meet with Rhonda to determine some possible suspects. Rand names an ex-boyfriend of Amy's, Desi Collings, who apparently tried to commit suicide after Amy broke up with him. They also mention a former classmate named Tommy O'Hara who was convicted of sexually assaulting Amy. People go to the volunteer center to help find Amy. One person there is Desi Collings (Neil Patrick Harris), but he leaves without saying anything. Nick tries to come off as friendly to others, but Jim doesn't buy it. Even Marybeth thinks he is acting like a "homecoming king." Nick is approached in a hallway by a woman who extends her sympathy and offers to make him a chicken-Frito pie casserole. She stands next to him and takes a selfie of the two of them, telling him to say "chicken-Frito pie." He makes a fake smile as she takes the photo and he immediately realizes this was a mistake and asks her to delete the photo. She refuses, and he asks her not to share it with anyone. She replies, "I'll share it with anyone I please" as she walks away. The photo goes viral. Consequently, the media starts analyzing Nick. TV personalities like Ellen Abbott (Missi Pyle) paint him as an unempathetic sociopath. 2010 Amy's diary explains how both she and Nick lose their jobs. Amy talks about the troubles they are having, then says, "But that's all background noise." She says that none of it matters as long as they have each other. Then Amy tells Nick that her parents are having financial problems and asked her for her trust fund money, which is nearly a million dollars. Nick is shocked that she would do that without talking to him first. Amy explains that the money is really their money anyway, and then says, "This is the part where you say, 'It's all background noise.'" He appears to calm down, and repeats the phrase. Later on, Nick has started losing interest in the marriage and has begun overspending on electronics like video games and a new laptop. Amy thinks he is trying to make her look like a cold, bitchy wife. To make matters worse, Nick and Margo's mother Maureen (Cyd Strittmatter) has been diagnosed with breast cancer, forcing Nick and Amy to move back to his hometown in Missouri. Amy feels a bit upset because Nick didn't even discuss the decision to move to Missouri with her, although she does support it. In general, Amy feels left out. She says he is just using her for sex. Nick is getting ready to go out with his old friends one evening when Amy tries to persuade him to stay with her, but he refuses. Then she offers to join him, but he also refuses, saying how she won't enjoy it. Then Any makes the suggestion that they have a child. He starts to get angry, asking why couldn't they have had this argument four hours prior, instead of when he is about to leave. The argument escalates as they go down the stairs, and at the bottom of the stairs Nick grabs Amy and throws her down, and she strikes the bannister post and falls to the floor. He immediately looks shameful. Present Day A few nights after Amy disappears, Nick is at Margo's house. It's late and Margo has gone to bed. Nick gets a text saying, "I'm outside." Nick opens the back door. A young woman, Andie Fitzgerald (Emily Ratajkowski), comes in and starts kissing Nick. He tells her to be quiet while Margo is sleeping. He makes sure that Andie hasn't said anything to anybody about her affair with Nick or that he has mentioned wanting to divorce Amy. He asks her if she left some red panties in his office, and she is doubtful, but not 100% sure. They continue kissing and have sex. Nick has Andie slip out the door early in the morning, thinking Margo is still asleep. However, Margo appears in the kitchen and angrily berates her brother for lying to her, knowing what would happen if the cops or media were to find out about this. At night, there is a vigil for Amy. Nick stands alongside her parents, and tries to seem more empathetic and anxious to find Amy, telling the crowd how he truly loves his wife. Andie is clearly visible up front in the crowd and mouths the word "asshole" in a way that only he can see. Noelle walks by and calls out to Nick, asking him if he knew that Amy was six weeks pregnant. The reporters chase Nick all the way to the police car as they escort him away. Margo presses Nick about the pregnancy bombshell. He says he did not know she was pregnant, but that he did want kids and Amy didn't. He shows her a letter from a fertility clinic that they were going to, stating that they were going to dispose of a semen sample they had left there, unless someone came to retrieve it. Rhonda and Jim meet Nick back in his home and explain that the results of a light test showed that someone wiped up a large pool of blood in the kitchen. Nick also doubts that Amy knew Noelle, until Rhonda shows him photographs of the two of them together, along with Noelle's kids. She even hands Nick a document of recent expensive transactions from his credit card, mentioning items including golf clubs and a Stratocaster guitar, though Nick says he never bought any of those items. Additionally, Rhonda presses Nick about the fact that he upped Amy's life insurance policy earlier that year to over a million dollars. He barks back, "because she told me to!" Rhonda gets a call confirming Amy's urine sample analysis indicate that she was indeed pregnant. Nick remembers the third clue in his pocket, and tries to decipher it. Rhonda and Jim continue their investigation, checking out the abandoned mall, now frequented by prostitutes and drug dealers. They find a local dealer and show him a picture of Amy. He tells Rhonda that she came by and tried to buy a gun from him. He had a clear memory of the event; it was Valentine's Day and she had been wearing a pink dress. They go back to Nick's father's home, wondering why Nick went there in the first place so soon after Amy's disappearance. In the furnace in the basement, they find Amy's diary hidden in the furnace, burnt slightly. Nick, meanwhile, figures out that the third clue refers to a wood shed outside Margo's home. He discovers a large pile of items from the credit card purchases stored there, as well as a gift-wrapped box in the middle of it all. Amy's Version: July 5, 2012 We go back to "the morning of", and we learn the truth: Amy is alive, and she staged everything to lead up to her disappearance. She is seen driving away from Missouri with her arm bandaged up with a blood spot evident on the inside of her elbow. Amy had used a variety of pens to make recent diary entries appear as if they were written over the past five years, and periodically threw each one out the car window. It documents a happy marriage deteriorating to the point where she buys a gun because she is afraid that Nick may kill her. She even faked her pregnancy by befriending pregnant Noelle and making her think that Nick was hurting her. Amy drained her toilet and offered Noelle lemonade until she had to use the bathroom. Amy then stole her urine and used it to submit it for the pregnancy test. On their fifth anniversary, Amy told Nick to take a walk and really think about their marriage, knowing full well he would go for a walk in his favorite isolated spot along the beach and thus have no alibi. Meanwhile she set up a crime scene to make Nick look guilty. Her plans included suicide so that her body would be found to completely frame Nick. To make sure she's not found out, she cuts her hair, dyes it, and makes herself look unkempt and disheveled. She begins eating large amounts of junk food to gain weight. She hides out at a small resort under the name Nancy, even hitting herself in the face with a hammer to sell the idea that she is hiding from an abusive boyfriend. She befriends a woman named Greta (Lola Kirke). Amy tells her how she came across Nick leaving the bar with Andie during a snowy night, wiping her lips before he kissed her the same way he kissed Amy when they first met (this part is true). With her plan working perfectly, she postpones her suicide for another month. Back to Nick: Nick brings the gift box inside and opens it to find Punch and Judy dolls, with the Judy doll holding a baby and missing a mallet. Together, he and Margo deduce that Amy has framed Nick for her disappearance. Nick goes to New York City to find Tanner Bolt (Tyler Perry), a lawyer specializing in tough, high-profile cases who has been following Nick's story in the media. He agrees to help Nick in his defense. He gives Nick the contact information of Tommy O'Hara (Amy's second boyfriend, who was charged with sexual assault) so that Nick can ask him questions. Nick meets Tommy (Scoot McNairy) in a bar. Tommy says he and Amy dated for a while, but he could see that she was using him. He gave her some space, hoping she'd break off the relationship. One day, she seduced him, and told him she wanted rough sex. She staged a scene where she had marked her wrists and left neckties tied to the bed to make it appear he had tied her up. She went to the police, and claimed he had raped her. He pleaded guilty to a reduced charge to avoid prison time. Now he is a registered sex offender and has not been able to get a job. He warns Nick about how evil and manipulative she is. Nick later visits Desi after finding his address from a letter he wrote to Amy. After Nick asks Desi about his side of the story regarding his attempted suicide, Desi closes the door on him and walks back inside his house without confirming or denying the things she told Nick about him. At the resort, Amy plays mini-golf with Greta and her friend Jeff (Boyd Holbrook). At one point, she jumps up and drops her fanny pack full of money. Greta and Jeff notice. The next day, as Amy is cleaning the room meticulous to prepare to leave, they force their way into her room and start searching for the money. Amy threatens to call the police. Greta says that she doesn't know what she's up to, but has dyed hair and she doesn't think she's ever been hit. Greta says, "You won't call the police." They find the money under her dress, and take it. Now penniless and desperate, Amy calls the Missing Amy tip line, and reports suspicious activity at Margo's wood shed. She then places a call from a pay phone. Meanwhile, Tanner goes to Missouri to help Nick and Margo clear up Nick's image. Nick tells Tanner what he thinks has been going on with Amy, dropping clues that only he would really know. For instance, the reason he knew that the "brown house" in the treasure hunt clue was his dad's house was because they used to pretend that his dad was a spy called Mr. Brown. Nick also admits to the affair, which Tanner says he ought to tell the cops about so that it gives them one less reason to think Nick had a motivation to kill Amy. Nick later books an interview on TV with Sharon Schieber (Sela Ward) to tell his side of the story. Tanner coaches him to make him seem more likeable by having Nick admit that he's been unfaithful and dishonest, which would earn him some possible points in the media. On the day of the interview, Tanner keeps trying to get Nick to come off less smug and more genuinely upset by pelting him with gummy bears in his dressing room when Nick appears too smug or untrustworthy. At the same time, Desi meets Amy at a casino. She never mentions getting her money stolen, but she continues to play up the abused wife angle. They leave for Desi's lake house. As Nick meets Sharon, a bombshell hits the news: Andie has confessed to her affair with Nick at a press conference, with Amy's parents. Desi and Amy see the news while Sharon gets wind of it at the same time. Marybeth tells reporters that her and Rand's love for Nick has ended then and there. Desi and Amy watch Nick's interview with Sharon, while Nick is watching with Margo. Nick convincingly comes off as remorseful for the affair, but he insists that he did not kill his wife. Sharon lets him speak directly into the camera to say something to Amy. He says he loves her and mentions the woodshed (figuratively, apparently as a secret message to Amy) before putting two fingers on his chin, knowing Amy would recognize that. Margo checks the Internet and sees that Nick is trending positive with the public. Things take an unfortunate turn when Rhonda and other officers show up at Margo's home with a search warrant due to the call about the woodshed. They find all the merchandise from the credit card bill. Both Nick and Margo are taken into custody. Rhonda reads to Nick the pages of Amy's diary, which ends with "This man may truly kill me." Jim brings in the missing Judy mallet from the puppets. It has been burned in their fireplace, but traces of Amy's blood are found on it. Rhonda now has a murder weapon, and arrests Nick. He protests, but Tanner shuts him up. At Desi's home, Amy learns that Desi has security cameras installed all over the property. She is virtually a prisoner in his home. While he's out at work, she clearly stages what looks like a brutal rape. She soaks her nightgown in red wine, binds her hands and feet, then crawls to the camera, crying, making it look like she's just been raped. Nick and Margo are released on bond. The media continues to hound them on the way out, now that everyone is convinced Nick is a cold monster. Nick quietly whispers to himself, "Come home, Amy. I dare you." Amy waits for Desi to come home. She gets a wine bottle and puts it in herself to create injuries. When Desi gets home, Amy seduces him and agrees to run off with him to Greece once the trial is over. They go into the bedroom. She starts taking his clothes off, tearing his shirt open, and they start having sex. Amy demands it to be harder. Desi is caught off guard, once he gives over to the moment, lifting his head to the ceiling, Amy grabs a box cutter she concealed beneath the pillows and slashes his throat. She is drenched in his blood as he dies underneath her. She does look upset about what she's just done. Nearly a month after Amy's disappearance, Nick looks out his window and sees Amy drive up, still covered in blood. The reporters and neighbors are shocked and begin clamoring around Nick and Amy as she walks up to him. He whispers to her, "You fucking bitch", before she collapses in his arms. At the hospital, Amy is interviewed by a roomful of police and weaves a fabricated story about how Desi kidnapped and raped her before she made her heroic escape. Rhonda asks her questions about the items in Margo's woodshed, but Amy deflects the question and returns to her rape story, while also being heavily medicated on painkillers. The reporters follow her and Nick home, happy that she's alive and that Nick is now vindicated. However, Nick knows something is wrong, and asks her what really happened. Amy forces Nick to disrobe to prove he's not wearing a wire. She goes to the shower to wash off the copious amounts of Desi's blood still covering her. In the shower with Nick, she all but confesses that she framed Desi and murdered him in order to return to Nick as he had requested (and presumably also to make her return seem heroic). Nick sleeps in a separate room and locks the door behind him. Nick meets with Tanner, Margo, and Rhonda (who now trusts Nick) about this revelation, though without sufficient evidence and with everyone on Amy's side, they cannot prove that she murdered Desi. Seven weeks later. Nick and Amy make their first public appearance together at the volunteer center, posing as a happily reunited couple. They are even set to have an interview with Ellen Abbott in their home. As they are getting ready, Amy gives Nick a gift, which is a pregnancy test. It's positive. Nick first says it can't be his, and he'll demand a blood test. Then he realizes that she has retrieved his semen sample, and is using this as a ploy to keep him with her by impregnating herself. The tension escalates and he grabs her and slams her head against the wall, calling her a cunt. She tells him she's the same cunt he fell in love with. And she's the only cunt that ever made him feel like a man. Reluctantly, Nick joins Amy hand-in-hand for the interview. During the interview, Amy prods Nick and he says they're going to be parents, when Ellen appears overjoyed and hugs Amy. Margo later finds out about the pregnancy and cries for her brother, and is distraught that he plans to stay with her for the sake of the child... at least for the next 18 years. The film concludes with a similar shot as the opening, Nick stroking Amy's hair again, wondering to himself just what she's thinking. 
 The Town (2010)651) A proficient group of thieves rob a bank and hold Claire, the assistant manager, hostage. Things begin to get complicated when one of the crew members falls in love with Claire. The Charlestown neighborhood of Boston is renowned for churning out a high number of armed robbers, generation after generation. These robbers never leave their Charlestown life on their own volition, the neighborhood where there is an unwritten code to protect that lifestyle. Such robbers include friends Doug MacRay, James Coughlin, Albert 'Gloansy' Magloan and Desmond Elden. Doug and James in particular treat each other like family, as the Coughlins have realistically been as such to Doug since Doug's mother ran off and Doug's father, Stephen MacRay, was sent to prison. James' single mother sister, the drugged out Krista Coughlin, and Doug have a casual sexual relationship. The foursome carry out a mostly successful bank robbery, but due to circumstances take the bank manager, Claire Keesey, hostage for a short period before releasing her physically unharmed. They find out that Claire lives in Charlestown, so they want to ensure that she did not see anything that could incriminate them if they were to ever run into her. As such, Doug begins a personal relationship with her to find out what she knows and what she's told the police and the FBI, who have taken charge of the investigation. He learns that she has kept some information from the authorities for her own protection but information that could identify James in particular. But Doug slowly falls for her, as she does for him. Ultimately, Doug dreams about leaving his Charlestown life to be with Claire anywhere but there. But Doug has to try and keep his true identity from her, and keep the fact that he is seeing her from his colleagues. But leaving is not as easy as he would like as he and the gang are tasked with a big job by a local gangster named Fergie whether Doug likes it or not. And Adam Frawley, the FBI's lead investigator, comes into evidence that links the foursome to the bank robbery and a subsequent armored car heist, so is on their tail for evidence that will send them away dead or alive. Huggo In Boston's bleak Charlestown, criminals depend on a code of silence: those caught serve their time. Doug MacRay masterminds bank robberies with three friends: the hotheaded Jem; Des, an electrician; and Al, their driver. After a dicey bank job, Doug must make sure the female bank manager, Claire, who lives in Charlestown, hasn't recognized any of the crew. He contrives to meet her, finds out she doesn't know any of the crew and, in the process, finds her appealing. As the FBI zeroes in on the gang, Doug wants out of the crew, but Jem and their money launderer, an aging florist, insist that Doug do one more job. Are prison and death the only ways out of Charlestown? <jhailey@hotmail.com> After the heist of the Cambridge Merchants Bank, the four thieves blindfold and kidnap the manager Claire Keesey. They take her driver license; release her at an empty beach; and head to Charlestown, Boston. Later, the friends Doug MacRay, James Coughlin, Albert 'Gloansy' Magloan and Desmond Elden find that Claire also lives in Charlestown and they decide to monitor her steps. Doug MacRay gets close to Claire to know what she might have told to the FBI and they fall in love with each other. Meanwhile, the FBI Special Agent Adam Frawley is assigned to investigate the heists to armored trucks and banks in Charlestown and he concludes that the thieves are the four friends. He joins his team and keeps Doug and his friends under surveillance. Doug decides to move to Florida with Claire and begin a new life; however, the dwellers are trapped in Charlestown and they do not have any way out but dead. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The son of a tough Charlestown, MA thief, Doug passed on his chance to walk the straight and narrow in favor of becoming a career bank robber. Not only is Doug's crew one of the most ruthless in Boston, but they're also one of the best; they never leave a trace of evidence, and always make a clean break. Over the years, Doug's fearless partners in crime have become something of a surrogate family to him; Jem (Jeremy Renner), the most dangerous of the bunch, is the closest thing Doug has ever had to a brother. But a divide begins to open between the two career criminals when Jem takes bank manager Claire Keesey (Rebecca Hall) hostage during a particularly tense heist, and the group subsequently discovers that she hails from their own tight-knit suburb. When Jem proposes that the gang make an effort to find out just how much Claire recalls about the crime, Doug fears that his volatile partner may do more harm than good and volunteers himself for the job. Later, Doug turns on the charm while pretending to bump into Claire by chance, and becomes convinced that she doesn't suspect him of being the same man who just robbed her bank. As the feds turn up the heat on the gang, Doug finds himself falling for Claire, and searching desperately for a means of cutting his ties to his criminal past. But with each passing day, Jem grows increasingly suspicious of Doug's true motivations. Now caught between two worlds with no chance of turning back, Doug realizes that his only hope for finding a happy future is to betray the only family he's ever known. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This synopsis is based on the extended edition of the movie available on the BluRay release. It is still being edited. Text appears on the screen, stating "One blue-collar Boston neighborhood has produced more bank robbers and armored car thieves than anywhere in the world." Testimonials from people acquainted with Charlestown then show up: "Bank robbery became like a trade in Charlestown, passed down from father to son." - Federal Agent, Boston Robbery Task force "I'm proud to be from Charlestown. It ruined my life, literally, but I'm proud." - Charlestown man, Boston Globe It is early morning in Boston. In Harvard Square, a Cummins armored truck waits at the curb, its driver, Arthur Shea, sitting in the cab waiting for his partner Marty Maguire to come back. The voice of Doug MacRay (Ben Affleck) is heard telling his gang, comprised of his best friends James "Jem" Coughlin (Jeremy Renner), Albert "Gloansy" Magloan (Slaine), and Desmond "Dez" Elden (Owen Burke), all from the dangerous streets of Charlestown, the itinerary of the driver and the routine of his partner, who picks up money from the Cambridge Merchants Bank every Wednesday and Friday morning at 8:12 AM. Before going to work, Doug reminds Dez and Gloansy that they'll be screwed if a police helicopter or SWAT team show up, and if they see a police cruiser, to just shoot up the car's engine block and keep driving, so as not to injure any innocent people. Coughlin warns that the guards might try to test them. In real time, Maguire walks from the truck to the front door of the bank, wheeling a dolly. Doug and his gang are waiting in a stolen city work van parked in front of the front doors, to cover their entrance. The moment the courier opens the door, the gang climbs out of the van, armed with submachine guns and wearing full face skeleton masks to hide their identities. A second after the courier enters the bank, the four gang members burst through the front doors and overpower him. Coughlin and Gloansy leap over the teller's desks, and subdue the tellers and guards. Gloansy empties a fish bowl filled with peppermints, and orders everyone present to place their cell phones in it. Everyone complies, and Gloansy then proceeds to fill the bowl with water. Coughlin then begins searching the drawers for money, careful to not take any wads with dye packs. While this happens, Des runs upstairs and begins disabling the security tapes. Doug secures the doors with a cable tie, then grabs assistant branch manager Claire Keesey (Rebecca Hall) and leads her over to the vault at gunpoint. Doug and Coughlin train their weapons on Claire, and Doug asks her what the time lock is set for. She tells him it is set for 9:00 AM. He assures her it's not her money it is after. When the clock hits 8:15, Doug tells her "go" and she pretends to start to unlock the vault. Seeing Claire stalling, Coughlin trains his weapon on another employee and threatens to shoot him if she doesn't cooperate. Doug puts his hand on top of Claire's trembling hand and tells her to take her time. She slowly spins the combination, and the vault is unlocked. While Doug enters the vault and begins loading the money into duffel bags, Des ejects the security tapes and puts them in a wastebasket. He then hauls them down to the breakroom and puts the tapes in the microwave, destroying them. Back in the lobby, there is a knock at the door from a customer trying to get in, distracting Doug, Coughlin, and Gloansy. Claire, lying on her stomach, takes advantage of the distraction to use her foot to trip the silent alarm. Realizing that they have less time than they planned, Coughlin now proceeds to douse everything with a large jug of bleach. They prepare to depart, but are stopped when Dez tells them the silent alarm has been tripped. Coughlin flies into a fit of rage, demanding to know who set the alarm off. The bank president (Victor Garber) insists he hasn't touched it. Coughlin doesn't believe him and proceeds to whip him across the head multiple times with his submachine gun, and continues to do so until Doug stops him. As Doug is restraining Coughlin, Claire looks up and notices a distinct Fighting Irish tattoo of a man with a thief bag and pistol on the back of Coughlin's neck. The crew finish dousing every surface they can find with bleach. Coughlin takes notice of Claire and realizes she will be useful to them. Once Doug finishes bleaching the vault, he comes out and immediately notices that Claire is missing. He then finds Coughlin and the others have taken her hostage, to use as a shield if the police show up. They lead her out the back door to a side alleyway, where they climb into a stolen electricians' work van. Gloansy takes the driver's seat while Doug, Dez, and Coughlin climb in back with Claire, wrists bound with cable ties. Once she is blindfolded, the gang remove their masks and Doug tells Claire she will be all right. They drive her to a beach near Logan International Airport, and let her out. Doug tells her not to remove her blindfold until she walks forward far enough to feel the surf on her toes. As she reaches the water, the screen goes black and the words, "The Town," appear on the screen. Back in Harvard Square, the crime scene investigation into the bank robbery is underway. FBI Special Agent Adam Frawley (Jon Hamm) and his partner Dino Ciampa (Titus Welliver) arrive to look at the scene. Dino notes that the robbers stole a city work van, which hasn't yet been reported stolen. He notes that the van was used to screen the front doors, and the robbers bleached the entire place to destroy all clothing fibers and any trace evidence of themselves. Examining the vault, Frawley observes that the robbers were careful not to take any of the bands of money fitted with dye packs and tracers. They are called away when Frawley receives a text on his BlackBerry, telling him that the getaway van has been discovered, and, almost as if expected, torched. Indeed, the robbers have dumped the van on Medford Street in Charlestown, near the Tobin Memorial Bridge, and lit it on fire to destroy any evidence of themselves. When Frawley and Dino arrive at the scene, the fire department is just finishing putting out the blaze. Since all the professional robbers they know of are dead or in prison, the detectives conclude that they are dealing with a band of new professionals. Frawley is quick to determine that there likely are no eyewitnesses who may have seen the robbers. Doug meets with Coughlin, Dez and Gloansy at an abandoned hockey rink. Coughlin tells them that they've got a little problem. He produces Claire's driver's license and tells them that she lives in the neighborhood, meaning that there's a chance she'll see them and recognize them. Coughlin proposes that they kill her and offers to take care of it. Doug snatches the license from Coughlin and asserts that he will take care of Claire, since Coughlin is responsible for their predicament and he will face prison time if he tries to intimidate a witness. Simultaneously, Frawley is interviewing Claire at his office in One Beacon Street about her actions after she was taken hostage. She confirms that the men threatened to rape and kill her if she talked to the police, and took her driver's license, and that she did not try to escape. When asked by Frawley if she remembers any distinguishing marks on the four robbers, she doesn't bother to tell him about Coughlin's tattoo. Frawley observes that Claire's hands are trembling, and tells her that she is still suffering the residual effects from the events of the robbery. He assures her they are not inept cops. Frawley explains to Claire that there were over 370 bank robberies in the city in the past year, more per capita than anywhere else in the world, but 98% of them come from a one square mile neighborhood called Charlestown. In fact, it is standard Boston Police Department procedure to close the Charlestown Bridge when they get word of an armored car robbery in the city. Bank robbery is a predominant trade in Charlestown, just like old European villages specialized in certain crafts for trade. Claire is shocked, as this is the neighborhood she lives in. Before releasing her, Frawley tells Claire she is being set up with a protective detail and hands her his business card. Claire takes one look at a photograph of a police blockade at the Charlestown Bridge. Her gaze then sees a surveillance photo on a bulletin board of a masked Doug and Coughlin holding her at gunpoint. Doug and Coughlin go to Mike, one of their fences. While they are waiting, they converse on the couch. It is clear that Doug is disenchanted with his criminal lifestyle and wants out of it. They exchange some of the money for 100 pounds of marijuana. After selling the marijuana to another dealer, they go to Town Flowers to deliver a cut of the loot to local crime boss Fergus "Fergie" Colm, Following this, the gang goes to Mohegan Sun to gamble the money away. Returning to Boston, Doug and the others head to a local bar. It is established that Doug is in rehab for alcoholism, since he has to drink juice when everyone else can drink regular beer. As he is getting juice at the counter, he is approached by his girlfriend, Coughlin's sister Krista (Blake Lively). It is clear as they converse that Krista is xenophobic, as they are talking about a fight she had with a Somalian woman and had two friends to help her out. Doug dismisses himself and goes back to his apartment. He is in the middle of watching the drive-in movie theater shootout from Heat (1995) when Krista stops by to have sex with him. Later that night, when he finds himself unable to sleep, he uses a hockey stick to toss a puck in the air a few times. The next day, after sitting through a boring Alcoholics Anonymous meeting, Doug goes to work tailing Claire. He observes her as she leaves her apartment and heads to a local Laundromat to wash her laundry. He sits down in front of one of the washing machines and pretends to read a newspaper, while keeping an eye on Claire. Doug gets lucky when she approaches him and asks him if he has any change she can use. He apologizes and claims he doesn't have any quarters for her. He then watches as Claire folds her clothes and begins to put them in a basket to take back to her apartment. As Doug watches, she stops upon finding a shirt that has blood droplets on it. Claire has a flashback as she recalls Coughlin beating her boss up with his gun, and recalls walking slowly along the beach after she was released. Noticing her starting to cry, Doug sees this as an opportunity to move in, and asks her if she is all right. He flirts with her and offers to buy her a drink to make up for the bad week she has been having and to make up for not having any quarters for her. He asks, "What's the worst that could happen?" The scene cuts to Frawley and Dino raiding a crackhouse owned by a man named Henry. Though he attempts to escape, Frawley is able to eventually subdue him after a struggle, and discovers a pistol and illegal drugs. He asks Henry if he knows anything about the bank robbery. He admits that he knows these professionals disable the alarm for the vault by breaking into the junction box. Meanwhile, Doug takes Claire out to dinner at a local restaurant owned by one of his former hockey friends. Doug reveals that he works for a local gravel company. Claire is intrigued by Doug's hockey roots and mentions that she volunteers at a local boy's and girls' club that would like to reutilize the ice rink (the one we saw Doug meet with the others in earlier) but the city of Boston has refused to give them money. She also wonders why a few of the neighborhood kids have been calling her a 'Tunie', and Doug explains that it's a term used to describe people who are not from Charlestown, originating in the 1990s to describe the fancy car radios which the rich folks brought to the neighborhood and which are stolen by the "native" residents. In spite of being attracted to Claire, Doug is forced to make up some lies about himself, for instance claiming that his father lives out in the suburbs (and by the 'suburbs', he means the Cedar Junction Penitentiary in Walpole). He also admits that he thinks his mother left and now lives down in Florida. Claire admits that she comes from Marblehead, where she represented the underclass because her family didn't own a boat (which is the item that determines your status in Marblehead). Doug assures her he has a friend who owns a boat and Doug suggests that they should continue their date there (though it's heavily implied that it's probably actually stolen). During their moonlight boat ride, Claire questions Doug about bank robbers since he is from Charlestown and she recalls her interview with Frawley at the station. Doug admits that many things that people say about bank robbers in Charlestown are just exaggerations. He also says that back in the days many juveniles admired the bank robbers just as if they were rockstars, and wanted to emulate their idols. Doug, however, admits that he always just wanted to play hockey but was just not good enough to join a professional team. Doug meets with Coughlin at a small diner the next day. Coughlin asks Doug what his progress is with Claire. He lies and says he's got nothing, and she doesn't need to be killed. Frawley and Dino look at the junction box outside the bank as a Vericom utility crew works to patch it up. The supervisor notes that the way the crew hacked the box is so unique that the only way one could know how to do it is to get a job at Vericom. This leads the two agents to decide that at least one of the robbers might be a Vericom employee and may have called in sick on the day of the robbery. Frawley then meets with Claire at another restaurant to ask her some more questions over lunch. Claire asks Frawley if he thinks she is a suspect. He tells her that if he did, he wouldn't be questioning her over lunch. There's a quick distraction when Frawley's BlackBerry rings, having received a surveillance picture of a man holding up a credit union with a pistol. Doug and Claire go on another date. While they're sitting in his truck outside her apartment, she talks about Doug's attack on her bank. As she talks, Doug learns that she's talked to the police, but he breathes a sigh of relief knowing that the police haven't yet identified him and his gang as responsible for the job. He also learns that David, the branch manager that Coughlin beat up, is in the hospital nearby and Claire feels terrible that she hasn't been able to see him since the robbery. Doug and Claire go to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center to meet David. Doug is a bit hesitant due to the presence of a police officer guarding the door, but Claire assures him he will be okay. When they enter David's hospital room, Doug is aghast to notice that his entire forehead and right eye are wrapped in bandages from where Coughlin whipped him, and the doctors give David a 50% chance of the eyesight in his right eye returning. He is more depressed when he steps outside and talks with the police officer on guard duty about it. Later, Doug and Claire are at a Dunkin' Donuts consuming drinks. Claire admits that she hasn't told the police about Coughlin's "Fighting Irish" tattoo, and she's afraid to tell Frawley this out of the possibility that she might be called to testify and her risk of getting killed will increase. Later, while dropping Claire off, Doug asks about the Toyota Prius he saw her grab clothes from when he was surveying her, and Claire reveals it got vandalized by some neighborhood kids. She then reveals that there have been some other people who have been harassing her as she walks to work, throwing bottles and taunting her. Doug asks Claire if she recalls what they looked like. Armed with a description of the men harassing Claire, Doug solicits help from Coughlin, though he doesn't tell Coughlin what the job is for. They approach another dealer and get an address for the two men. Doug and Coughlin pull up across the street from the residence in question, don hockey masks, then grab a baseball bat and make their way to the apartment. When they knock on the door, the tenant, Alex Colazzo, walks over to answer. As he opens the door, Doug and Coughlin barge in and begin beating him and his friend up. While Doug controls himself, Coughlin is more vicious, striking his hand with a hammer and smashing a beer bottle over his head. Lastly, Coughlin shoots Colazzo once in each leg. Doug scatters some packs of cocaine dust around to make it look like a drug deal gone wrong, and he and Coughlin depart, unnoticed by the responding cops, who are rolling dark as they respond to what they think is a domestic disturbance. The police begin to narrow in on the gang when they identify Desmond Elden, who works for Vericom as a systems tech operator. Even though he does not have a criminal record, Dino explains to Frawley that most bank robbers in Charlestown have no-show jobs. They will carry out a job, and when the police question the foreman, he will tell them the guy was present and show them a forged timecard. Fortunately for the cops, Vericom does not do such a practice because they are a public company, meaning that failure to show up at work is recorded as a sick day, and Des has recorded several sick days that "coincidentally" fell on the same days as a number of recent armed robberies of either banks or armored cars. Frawley and Dino tail Des and take several surveillance photographs of him with Doug, Gloansy and Coughlin at a barbecue. They produce their photos and brief their colleagues on their other three suspects: -Gloansy is a notorious car thief, who has never met a car he couldn't boost. He's the kind of man who can start your Cherokee for you while you're still looking for your keys (overlaid with footage of Gloansy breaking into a Jeep Grand Cherokee in a parking lot). -Coughlin has a troubled life. His father was murdered in prison, and his mother died of HIV. When he was 18, he shot a boy dead in a cemetery. When asked by the judge why he did it, he said he didn't like the kid, and ultimately served nine years for manslaughter. -Doug is the suspected architect. He used to date Coughlin's sister Krista, who most likely mules to "the Florist" (Fergie), who formerly employed Doug's father Stephen MacRay. He also did a year and a half in prison for robbing a BayBank with a nail gun after he washed out from pro hockey. He apparently had been the real deal, and got drafted, but got kicked out when he started fighting with the guys on his own team. It is here that we learn more about what Doug's father is in prison for: in 1995, he hijacked a bread truck (armored truck) up to Nashwood, New Hampshire. When one guard saw his face, he executed both of them with their own weapons. Frawley notes that this consequentially led to new rules saying that an armored car driver is not allowed to leave the cab even if his partner is being held at gunpoint. Doug is next seen having lunch with Claire at an outdoor caf not far from the bank. He's stunned her friends are not jealous of her for dating him. He notices an odd look on Claire's face and learns that she had a brother of died of lymphoma on a sunny day like this, and she finds it wrong to think about death whenever it is sunny outside. When Claire excuses herself to use the bathroom, Coughlin shows up to confront Doug. He is still there when Claire gets back, forcing Doug to use his hand to cover Coughlin's neck tattoo and improvise a story. After some tense conversation, Coughlin leaves. Doug confronts Coughlin later for stalking him and Claire. Coughlin defends himself by arguing that Doug is endangering them by sleeping with the one person who could give them to the police. Doug also doesn't like the next planned assignment - an armored car robbery in the North End. Doug doesn't like the fact that there is a guard assigned to the vehicle that acts like he's G.I. Joe. Doug finally agrees to do it, on the condition that this be their last job for a while. Doug next pays a visit to his father at the Cedar Junction Penitentiary. Doug talks about how he wants to leave his criminal life, to which his father advises him "Either you got heat or you don't." That night, Doug has sex with Claire. The next morning, he leads the gang as they carry out a blitz attack on an armored car in the North End. Before leaving their base, they grab some shaved hair from a barbershop. The four shower and scrub themselves vigorously, to get rid of any loose skin that could get on their clothes and leave DNA for the police to track them. As they load their weapons, they not only wipe down and polish the weapons themselves, but they also wipe down every single bullet that they load into each clip. Once they are ready, Doug, Coughlin and Gloansy pile into a Dodge Grand Caravan, throw some filled gasoline jugs in the back, and drive to the North End, with Gloansy driving. As Doug, Coughlin and Gloansy arrive at the ambush location, outside a bank at the corner of Parmenter and Salem Streets, they find that the armored truck is running late. They are forced to circle once around the block while they wait, to avoid suspicion. As they complete their first go-around, they see the armored truck pull up to the curb. Gloansy tells Doug and Coughlin, "Say your prayers. Here we go." All three men proceed to don rubber masks, complete with wrinkled faces and nun's veils. Doug looks out the window, and a young boy on the sidewalk locks eyes with Doug, horrified at the appearance of a submachine gun wielding "nun". In real time, Gloansy speeds up, blows through a crosswalk, rounds the corner, and screeches to a halt alongside the armored truck. Even before he has brought the van to a stop, the left passenger door flies open and Doug and Coughlin jump out. The guard on the sidewalk instinctively grabs for his pistol, but Doug disarms him with the barrel of his submachine gun. Meanwhile, Coughlin rushes up and overpowers the guard in the back of the truck, then proceeds to break open the cabinets protecting the money. Doug shoves the bags on the dolly over to the van and begins watching the street for police, while Coughlin loads the money he can grab into a satchel. There is a pause when Gloansy hears the distress call about the robbery going out on his police scanner. He yells this to Doug and Coughlin, indicating that they need to finish up. Coughlin looks up and notices that the truck driver has left his seat. He turns around and sees that the driver has taken Doug hostage and is holding a pistol to his back. Doug urges the driver to calm down and let him go. The driver doesn't move until Coughlin appears with his carbine and fires a burst, hitting the driver in the chest. He survives, though, thanks to his bulletproof vest. Doug and Coughlin hurriedly jump into the back of the van with their money and they speed off. As they drive off, Doug tells Gloansy to drive slow and act normal. However, just as they are going around a corner a few blocks away from the scene, Doug looks behind them and sees a police car. Just as he recognizes it, the police car immediately turns on its siren and gives chase. Gloansy punches the gas pedal all the way to the floor, and makes several quick turns, trying to shake off their pursuers, and inadvertently causing a couple of small pileups as other vehicles try to get out of the way. As they are making another right turn at a three-way intersection, a second police car driving on another street notices them, stops, then backs up and turns onto the street they are on right behind the first police car. Gloansy continues to gain speed, trying to outrun the cops. The first police car gains on them, and as they enter a three way intersection, it proceeds to carry out a PIT maneuver. It pulls up alongside the van, and then it forcibly swerves into the side of the van's rear bumper. Gloansy is unable to maintain control, and the van spins around and screeches to a stop. The two police cars come to a halt in front of the van. The officer in the first cruiser gets on his microphone and orders them out of the car. When they don't act right away, he repeats his command. Suddenly, Coughlin raises his carbine and fires a burst through the front windshield. Bullets pound the forward unit and the officer driving the car jumps out, crawling away under heavy gunfire. While Coughlin is firing, they hear more sirens and another police car screeches a stop, cutting them off from the other direction. Doug opens his door, leans across the roof, and opens fire on the police car, riddling its engine block with bullets. The officer in the third police car jumps out, draws his pistol and fires two rounds at Doug, before he is forced to take cover. Coughlin and Doug fire further suppressive bursts on the police as Gloansy backs the minivan up past the third police car to another cross street, then makes a hard left turn and speeds off. The second police car to arrive quickly speeds off in hot pursuit. Gloansy continues to barrel through the streets at high speed, rounding the corners as the three men struggle to shake off the pursuing police car. With a long and straight stretch of open road in front of them, Gloansy accelerates to full speed, as they speed towards the switch point. Reaching another cross street, the gang almost loses control when another police car pulls off a side street at high speed and rams them from the left side around their front headlight, trying to force them off the road. The two cars trade paint for a few hundred feet, during which the van's left front hubcap breaks off, until the next intersection, where Gloansy is able to make a right hand turn while this police car brakes to avoid a collision with a guardrail, then gets t-boned by another motorist. Still being tailed by the other police car, Gloansy makes several tight turns through the narrow streets until he makes a right hand turn onto Foster Street. Halfway down the block, a stolen Jeep Grand Cherokee driven by Des pulls out of the lot and stops in front of them. Gloansy brakes to a stop, and the police cars chasing them come to a stop behind them. The three men in the minivan promptly climb out. The officers simultaneously climb out of their cars, pistols in hand. Before they can shoot, Coughlin raises his rifle and opens fire, riddling their cars with bullets and sending them diving for cover. While Coughlin keeps the police officers pinned down, Doug grabs the money bags and douses the interior of the car with the gasoline jugs. He then tosses a lit cigarette lighter into the car. The police officers instinctively run, just as the gasoline ignites, causing the interior of the minivan to explode in a ball of flames. Doug and the gang jump into the Jeep and peel away, tires screeching. The Jeep bursts out onto Commercial Street. Gloansy drives recklessly through traffic as he turns left and begins driving in the direction of the Charlestown Bridge. Just then, the other crew members overhear a dispatcher sending several police units to the north end of the bridge to block it. Gloansy immediately presses his pedal to the floor and is soon hitting in excess of 80 mph as he weaves through traffic, even driving against the flow trying to get there in time. They reach the bridge, and after a few maneuvers to navigate around traffic moving through the intersection, they turn right on Washington Street and roar across the bridge. They are already halfway cross the bridge and long gone by the time the police arrive. Gloansy drives the car back to Charlestown, untouched, and parks it on Tufts Street at O'Reilly Way. Doug and the gang jump out, Coughlin planting the hair we saw being acquired from the barbershop earlier in the backseat. They have only just started preparing to transfer everything to their second switch car when they see something that stops them dead in their tracks: a police officer is sitting in his car parked directly across the street from them, and staring at them. The four armed robbers stare tensely at the officer, who stares back at them as both parties wonder what to do. After a few tense moments, the standoff is broken when officer turns his head away from them as if to look at some utility workers working nearby. Doug, Gloansy, Dez, and Coughlin finish transferring everything to a Ford Taurus stationwagon and drive off, the officer deciding it wiser not to chase them. In the stationwagon, Coughlin quips the officer didn't want his name on the VFW memorial wall. Frawley and Dino are next seen looking at the burned out remains of the minivan. Frawley is agitated, as there isn't enough evidence at any of the scenes to secure a conviction, so he orders the police to round up the suspects for questioning. The next day, the police round up the four men and take them to the police station to be photographed and interrogated. Unfortunately for Frawley, his suspects are much smarter than he thinks they are. Frawley attempts to question Coughlin, who merely says "Lawyer!" Frawley leaves without saying another word. Doug and Gloansy each are told to read some lines from a transcript of a witness statement, to mixed results: Doug mumbles his way through the lines, while Gloansy reads the first few lines before acting like he can't read them. Doug is brought to an interrogation room. He recognizes Dino, having apparently had run ins with him in Charlestown before. When Frawley enters to interrogate Doug, he makes it absolutely clear there is little chance of him getting a reduced sentence by testifying against his accomplices. But Doug proves too smart for Frawley, and he is forced to release the four. Frawley leaves Doug with a warning that he will do whatever it takes to make a charge stick, and will then tell Doug to 'go fuck himself.' Jem approaches Doug with another job, but he turns it down. He tells Fergie he will not do the job, but Fergie reveals that Doug's mother never left the family. She committed suicide after Fergie got her addicted to drugs in retaliation for Doug's father attempting to also leave and warns that he will kill Claire if Doug does not do the job. Doug finally agrees. The job starts Doug and Jem enter Fenway Park dressed as Boston police officers, wearing sunglasses to hide their identitites, while Dez deactivates the security system. Doug and Jem approach the guards near the cash room and pretend to be responding to a 911 call, then draw pistols on the guards and force them to the ground, zip-tying their hands behind their backs. They then threaten the men in the cash room to get him to let them in. After securing these men, they load $3 million into their duffel bags and head over to their getaway vehicle, an ambulance parked in the garage, where they meet Gloansy and Dez and change into paramedic uniforms. Unfortunately, they sense that it is too quiet, look outside, and see that the police are taking up positions outside. When Jem spots an FBI SWAT team in the garage, he opens fire on them. A shootout erupts, and in the process, several SWAT officers in the garage are wounded, and Dez is killed when he is deafened by a flash grenade (Doug, Jem and Gloansy cover their ears) and then shot by a SWAT officer. Gloansy offers to sacrifice himself to protect Doug and Jem, gets into the ambulance, and bursts out of the parking garage. The police fire on the van, hitting Gloansy at least twice, and the ambulance crashes into a mobile command center. As the cops move in on the ambulance, Doug and Jem in the garage put on their cop uniforms, blending in with the BPD officers moving in, and they go separate ways. Frawley figures out the ruse when he overhears a police captain talking to Dino about how the robbery was committed by two cops. He scans the officers on the scene, then he and Dino drive slowly through the area near Fenway Park, spotting one cop walking away from the action carrying a duffel bag. They realize it is "Officer" Coughlin. Frawley immediately gets out of his car and follows Coughlin into a parking lot, just as Doug emerges out a door nearby. Frawley tries to get Coughlin's attention, but Coughlin does not respond until Frawley addresses him by name. On cue, Coughlin turns around, a TEC-9 automatic in his hand, and opens fire on Frawley. Frawley dives for cover as Coughlin chases him around a parked car, riddling the car with bullets. After pinning Frawley down, Coughlin runs off. Frawley gets to his feet and fires a single blast with his shotgun, before running after Coughlin. As Coughlin reaches Boylston Street, multiple police cars screech to a halt from both directions. Doug reaches the sidewalk and can only watch what happens next. The moment the responding BPD cruisers come to a stop, Coughlin immediately opens fire on them. Several officers jump out and begin shooting back with their pistols. In the vicious exchange of gunfire, at least two officers get shot (although whether they survived or not is never mentioned). There is a brief delay when Frawley's aim is obstructed by a passing motorist trying to get past the police cars blocking the road. Once the car clears, one police officer breaks cover, aims his pistol, and shoots Coughlin in the chest. Coughlin falls, unharmed due to his bulletproof vest, and fires several more bursts in both directions. He then tries to run, but Frawley takes aim with his shotgun and fires twice. The first blast shatters the glass on a newspaper vending machine, while the second blast hits Coughlin in the back of his leg and knocks him down. He crawls back behind a mailbox to ponder his options. More police, backed up by the FBI SWAT team, arrive and train their weapons on the mailbox Coughlin is hiding behind. Frawley yells for Coughlin to surrender. Coughlin then empties his Glock pistols at a police car, raking it with bullets. Frawley gives Coughlin 30 seconds to comply. Coughlin takes the opportunity to enjoy a discarded soda left on the sidewalk. He then yells that he surrenders, and stands up, raising his now emptied TEC-9s. A SWAT officer almost immediately shoots him through the head. As Coughlin's body is blown backwards against a telephone pole, multiple cops proceed to empty their pistols into him, and he falls to the ground, dead. While Frawley and a few uniformed cops approach the fallen Coughlin with their weapons drawn, Doug quietly climbs into a police car and drives off, unnoticed amidst the chaos. Doug drives the BPD unit over to Fergie's shop. Upon entering, he tells Rusty, Fergie's bodyguard, that something's gone wrong, then puts his pistol to the side of Rusty's head and blows his head off. He then seeks out Fergie, who begins shooting at him with a pistol. After an exchange of fire, Fergie falls, badly wounded. Doug walks up to Fergie, puts his pistol to Fergie's testicles, and asks him, "Remember, who clipped your nuts for ya?" The screen cuts to black with the sound of a gunshot. He calls Claire and asks her to come away with him, but he is watching from a house nearby and can see the FBI are in the same room with her. Claire, at first, tells him to come to the room to pick her up then Doug says he will come to the back door in an hour, Claire says she wants to meet him as it will be just like one of her sunny days, a reference to an earlier conversation when she said her brother died on a sunny day, meaning it's a coded message to warn him that the FBI are there. Doug puts on an MBTA bus driver's uniform, makes his way to an Amtrak station, and boards a train heading south. Frawley waits with his men, but knows Doug isn't going to show up. As Frawley is leaving, he figures out the code phrase that Claire used to warn Doug away, and tells her that he has jurisdiction all around the country to pursue Doug wherever he flees. Frawley returns to his car to find a note from Doug tucked under the windshield: "Go fuck yourself." Later, Claire finds a bag buried in a community garden which she tends. The bag contains money, a tangerine and a note that ends with "I'll see you again, on this side or the other." Claire uses the money to finance the renovation of a local hockey rink, and dedicates it to Doug's mother. 
 Argo (2012)761) Acting under the cover of a Hollywood producer scouting a location for a science fiction film, a CIA agent launches a dangerous operation to rescue six Americans in Tehran during the U.S. hostage crisis in Iran in 1979. In 1979, the American embassy in Iran was invaded by Iranian revolutionaries and several Americans were taken hostage. However, six managed to escape to the official residence of the Canadian Ambassador and the CIA was ordered to get them out of the country. With few options, exfiltration expert Tony Mendez devised a daring plan: create a phony Canadian film project looking to shoot in Iran and smuggle the Americans out as its production crew. With the help of some trusted Hollywood contacts, Mendez created the ruse and proceeded to Iran as its associate producer. However, time was running out with the Iranian security forces closing in on the truth while both his charges and the White House had grave doubts about the operation themselves. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) After Iranian militants stormed and took control of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in November 1979 taking 56 Americans as hostages, six Americans managed to get away and took refuge in the home of Canadian Ambassador Ken Taylor. After two months of the Canadians putting their lives on the line everyday, the CIA and the US State Department try to come up with a plan to get their people out. Tony Mendez is an "ex filtration" specialist who proposes that they pose as a Canadian film crew scouting locations for a science fiction movie called Argo. Using Hollywood connections, Mendez creates a back story for the movie - ads in Variety, casting calls, inviting he media to a production launch - and then heads off to Iran to lead the six Americans out. garykmcd In late 1979, anti-American sentiments are running high in Iran due to the US harboring the ailing former Shah of Iran, who the US put into place in the 1950s, and who many Iranians saw as causing much hardship and death for residents over his close to thirty year reign, solely for his and his family's own benefit. In November, Iranian militants, working under the name of its new leader, the Ayatollah Khomeini , are able to break through the secured perimeter of the US Embassy in Tehran. The fifty plus embassy staff are able to burn or shred most of their documents before they are taken hostage. What the Iranians are unaware of is that six embassy staff members escaped just prior to the raid, and managed to take refuge in the home of the Canadian ambassador, Ken Taylor , and his wife, Pat. Fast forward two months... The situation has not changed, and the State Department has brought in the services of the CIA, both to free the hostages and extricate the six in hiding. Tony Mendez with the CIA is the lead consultant on the six. Although many, in his mind, implausible plans are hatched to extricate the six, Tony eventually comes up with what some others believe is an implausible plan: have the six, under Canadian passports, pretend to be a film crew in Iran scouting for locations, with Tony part of that film crew to lead the six out himself. On the advice of Tony's Hollywood advisors, make-up artist John Chambers and producer Lester Siegel, Tony's plan not only has to fool the Iranians to work, it has to fool the entire world, who need to believe that this film is actually in pre-production. Beyond the need to get past the militants, especially at Tehran Airport where they are vigilant about capturing any Americans trying to escape, the plan has many obstacles to success, including: the six, who need to get up to speed basically overnight on their cover stories, some who predetermine certain failure, which if does happen means torturous death; competing priorities in Washington between the six and the fifty plus hostages; the Taylors' Iranian housekeeper, Sahar, who comes to the realization that the Taylors' supposed Canadian house guests are not who they say they are; and a mug shot book of embassy staff among the shredded materials, which Iranian sweat shop workers are tasked with putting back together, and which if achieved would identify the fact that the militants are minus six people from among their hostages. Huggo In 1979, the Islamic Revolution overthrows the dictator Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, who came to power sponsored by the United States government, and the leader of the revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, assumes the power. The Iranian revolutionaries invade the American Embassy in Tehran and the American officials are taken hostages. However, six officials flee from the Embassy and are secretly hosted by the Canadian Ambassador at his residence in Tehran and the CIA directors summon the agent Tony Mendez, who is an expert in bringing American citizens back to their country, to plot a rescue plan to save the group. Tony Mendez plots the most incredible plan to bring the six officials: to create a fake Canadian film to be shot in Iran and include the officials in the production crew. Without other alternative, Tony Mendez receives green light from his superiors and travels to Hollywood to set in motion his almost impossible mission to rescue the group. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil November 4, 1979. In retaliation for Jimmy Carter granting Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi asylum in the United States, an angry mob of Iranian militants, supporters of the new leader, Ayatollah Khomeini , storm the U.S. embassy in Tehran, taking 52 Americans hostage. Now, as six escapees find themselves trapped in the home of the Canadian ambassador, Ken Taylor , the ex-filtration expert, Tony Mendez, comes up with an impossible plan, proposing that they all pose as members of a Canadian film crew scouting for shooting locations for "Argo", their latest science-fiction movie. With the aid of the Hollywood veterans, make-up artist, John Chambers and producer, Lester Siegel, Mendez embarks on a dangerous mission to create the perfect illusion, and sneak the team out in broad daylight. But, will things go as planned during the bold Operation Argo? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with a brief history of the Persian Empire, leading up to more modern times, when the Iranian leadership was overthrown in 1953, with the assistance of the United States and Great Britain. The pro-Western Shah of Iran led the country until 1979, when he was overthrown among great resentment among the people for his continuing efforts to westernize the country and for his repressive policies. Ayatollah Khomeini assumed control of the country. The Shah was exiled to Egypt and later went to the U.S. to receive cancer treatments. Although President Carter allowed the Shah to come to the U.S. for humanitarian reasons, the people of Iran viewed it as more fuel for the anti-American fire. On November 4, 1979, militants are protesting outside the U.S. embassy in Tehran. They are demanding the Shah be returned to Iran to stand trial. When some of the protesters manage to scale the boundary fence, orders are given to start destroying all embassy records, some by shredding and some by burning. Equipment is also destroyed. The head of embassy security attempts to go outside and reason with the militants, but he's immediately captured and taken hostage. The marines charged with guarding the embassy are armed, but their leader cautions them not to shoot anyone. They limit their efforts to the use of tear gas, but once the chains on the outside gates are removed, the militants storm the embassy and take 66 of the 72 diplomats and embassy staff hostage. Six of the staff, in the only building with a direct exit to the street, are able to escape and hide in the home of the Canadian ambassador Ken Taylor ( Victor Garber ). (Fourteen of the hostages were later released, mostly because they were from countries already considered repressed by the U.S., or for health reasons.) One of the militants comes across a poster photo of the Ayatollah with several darts in it, adding to the furor of the moment. In the following days, weeks and months, the hostages were blindfolded and paraded in front of TV cameras and jeering crowds. They were not allowed to speak or read, and they were rarely permitted to change clothes. Throughout the crisis there was a frightening uncertainty about their fate: The hostages never knew whether they were going to be tortured, murdered or set free. Sixty-nine days into the crisis, the Canadians are increasingly uncomfortable with keeping the six Americans at their embassy. Word is that the Iranians have set up sweat shops utilizing Iranian children to go through the laborious process of piecing together the shredded documents. It's only a matter of time before they are able to realize that not all embassy staff have been accounted for and if they reconstruct photographs, they will know who to look for. With the six escapees' situation thus far kept secret, the U.S. State Department begins to explore options for "exfiltrating" them from Iran. Tony Mendez ( Ben Affleck ), a CIA operations specialist, is brought in for consultation. Mendez criticizes the proposals submitted to that point, but he also doesn't have any better plan to offer. Then, one day he is at home watching the film "Battle for the Planet of the Apes" on TV with his son, and he's inspired to devise a plan to have the escapees pose as Canadian filmmakers, scouting "exotic" locations in Iran for a new sci-fi film. That would provide them a legitimate reason to leave the country. Mendez and his supervisor Jack O'Donnell ( Bryan Cranston ) contact John Chambers ( John Goodman ), a Hollywood make-up artist who has previously crafted disguises for the CIA. Realizing they'll need as much legitimacy as possible to make the effort believable, Chambers contacts the film producer Lester Siegel ( Alan Arkin ). Initially skeptical, Siegel eventually agrees to help and together they set up a phony film studio, "Studio 6," publicize their plans, and establish the pretense of developing Argo, a "science fantasy" in the style of Star Wars, to lend credibility to the group's cover story. The student militants threaten to try the 52 hostages as spies and carry out appropriate punishments. They go so far as to take a small group of hostages, tie them up, blindfold them, and line them up in preparation for execution by firing squad. The weapons are fired, but they are not loaded, so it turned out to be a cruel hoax. Martial law appears to be in effect throughout Iran, under the rule of the Ayatollah, with opposition members in some cases being shot or hung from the booms of construction cranes, after what amounts to trial via kangaroo courts. Tensions rise as the Iranian housekeeper at the Canadian Embassy is starting to ask questions about the six "guests", such as why they never leave the residence. As he offers the best of what seem to be nothing but bad proposals to effect a rescue of the six Americans, Mendez ultimately receives approval from the Secretary of State to proceed with his fictitious movie plan. He travels to Iran via Istanbul. Posing as a producer for Argo, Mendez enters Iran and links up with the six escapees. He provides them with Canadian passports and fake identities to prepare them to get through security at the airport when it comes time to leave. Although afraid to trust Mendez's scheme, they reluctantly go along with it, knowing that Mendez is risking his own life too, and convinced that it is their only option. Each of the six is tasked with assuming a new identity, involving some use of physical disguise and memorizing details about their new personal histories. The plan is for the group go out in public for a day to scout the local bazaar as a potential filming site. That is intended to add credence to their cover story, then they will leave the country the following day. The visit at the bazaar takes a bad turn when a local businessman takes exception at one of the women in the group taking photos. Fortunately, the group's Iranian culture contact is able to get them away from the increasingly hostile crowd, but the incident is very upsetting to everyone. When it's learned that President Carter has authorized a Delta Force military rescue attempt of the 52 hostages, Mendez is told by O'Donnell that his smaller operation has been canceled, so as to avoid any potential conflicts. Mendez is furious. Because he feels personally responsible for the fate of the six, he decides to go ahead with the plan. That night, Mendez and the six imbibe heavily in alcohol as they attempt to calm their nerves and prepare to either escape or die the next day. The next morning, Mendez calls O'Donnell on a secure phone and tells him he's going ahead with the plan, then hangs up before O'Donnell can try to talk him out of it. O'Donnell is forced to scramble to get word of Mendez's decision to the secretaries of state and defense, and ultimately to President Carter, who is the only person who can re-authorize the purchase of tickets for Mendez and the six on a Swissair flight out of Tehran. A member of the Ayatollah's regime goes to visit the housekeeper at the Canadian Embassy. Fortunately, her story provides continuing cover for the six U.S. embassy employees, as she lies and tells the official that the six had only been at the residence for two days. She must now find a way out of the country for her own safety (she goes to Iraq). The Canadian ambassador and his wife leave for the airport shortly after Mendez and the six do. Tension rises at the airport for Mendez and the six. As they check in for their boarding passes, there is no record of any flight reservations. President Carter was just in the process of re-authorizing the mission. Mendez has no way of knowing this, but he asks the ticket agent to check again. This time, the reservations appear and they receive their boarding passes. At the next security check for passports, a skeptical security official is reluctant to approve the six to continue on their way, as there is no original record of their having arrived in Iran two days before, just the carbon copies the six have with them. The official only changes his mind when a letter from the Iranian Minister of Cultural Works is handed to him. That letter provided authorization for the group to come to Iran. As the group approaches the third tier of security at the airport, a member of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard is checking passports and boarding passes at the gate. He directs the six to a nearby room. The guard is also suspicious as to who they really are and what they are doing there. One of the six speaks Farsi and engages the guard in a dialogue about who they are and their reason for being in Iran. He produces copies of some of the movies' storyboards, and a copy of a newspaper advertisement for the movie. Mendez hands the guard a business card, for the fake production company back in Los Angeles, and tells him they can confirm the group's authenticity. The guard examines the newspaper and places a call to the number on the card. However, Siegel and Chambers have been delayed from returning to their office by some ongoing filming taking place at the adjacent stage. Just as the guard is about to hang up the phone, Chambers answers. The guard asks to speak with Mendez. Chambers tells the caller that Mendez is out of country on a scouting trip. The guard hangs up and returns to the gate to authorize the group to proceed aboard. Meanwhile, the children's sweat shop work had successfully re-constructed a photo of one of the six which was then matched to a surreptitious photo taken of the man at the bazaar the day before. Revolutionary Guards rush to the Canadian Embassy to find it abandoned and all the equipment destroyed. The group boards the plane just before the Iranian guards at the airport are informed of the ruse. As the 747 taxis down the runway, it is chased by two Iranian police cars and a truck filled with Revolutionary Guards. The plane is going too fast for them to get in front of it. Mendez and the hostages breathe a sigh of relief only when the plane has left Iranian airspace. That was day 87 of the hostage crisis. To protect the hostages remaining in Tehran from possible retaliation, all U.S. involvement in the rescue is suppressed, giving full credit to the Canadian government and its ambassador. Iranian government officials are very unhappy with the Canadians. Back in the U.S., as Mendez is turning in his mission-related documents for storage at a CIA facility, he decides to keep one of the fictional movie story boards. He places it on a shelf in his son's bedroom, among other models and toys related to sci-fi movies. Mendez is awarded the Intelligence Star, but due to the classified nature of the mission, he would not be able to keep the medal, or tell anyone that he'd received it. That changed in 1997, when President Clinton declassified the details of the event. John Chambers was awarded CIA's Intelligence Medal of Merit for his involvement in the "Canadian Caper." On Election Day, one year and two days after the hostage crisis began, Ronald Reagan defeated Jimmy Carter in a landslide. On January 21, 1981, just a few hours after Ronald Reagan delivered his inaugural address, the remaining 52 hostages were released. They had been in captivity for 444 days. 
 Good Will Hunting (1997)761) Will Hunting, a janitor at M.I.T., has a gift for mathematics, but needs help from a psychologist to find direction in his life. A touching tale of a wayward young man who struggles to find his identity, living in a world where he can solve any problem, except the one brewing deep within himself, until one day he meets his soul mate who opens his mind and his heart. Dima & Danielle A young adult by the name of Will Hunting has always been living in the slums. He spends his nights at bars and batting cages with his best friends. However, he has an amazing talent in Mathematics. When Will is almost sent to jail, a professor at MIT decides to bail him out under the condition that he works with him for math every week and that he visits a therapist. Little does he know that the therapist, Sean, will change his life in so many ways. Eric A janitor at MIT, Will Hunting has a gift for math and chemistry that can take him light-years beyond his blue-collar roots, but he doesn't realize his potential and can't even imagine leaving his childhood Boston South End neighborhood, his construction job, or his best friend. To complicate matters, several strangers enter the equation: a brilliant math professor who discovers, even envies, Will's gifts, an empathetic shrink who identifies with Will's blue-collar roots, and a beautiful, gifted pre-med student who shows him, for the first time in his life, the possibility of love. Damien Saunders <dvs@rainbow.net.au> Will Hunting is a genius who's living a rough life in South Boston, while being employed at a prestigious college in Boston, he's discovered by a Fields Medal winning Professor who eventually tries to get Will to turn his life around with the help of Sean Maguire, as Will begins to realize that there's more to himself then he thinks there is. Ryan Harder <hotshotharder@hotmail.com> Will Hunting is a boy genius who was severely abused as a child and has been in trouble with the law ever since. When Will finally agrees to get counseling to keep himself out of jail and with his girlfriend, he meets Sean, the therapist who will change his life. Good Will Hunting tells the poignant story of Will and Sean's coming to terms with the blows life has dealt them and with the questions that lie in the future. Anuja <anujav@excite.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Though Will Hunting (Matt Damon) has genius-level intelligence (such as a talent for memorizing facts and an intuitive ability to prove sophisticated mathematical theorems), he works as a janitor at MIT and lives alone in a sparsely furnished apartment in an impoverished South Boston neighborhood. An abused foster child, he subconsciously blames himself for his unhappy upbringing and turns this self-loathing into a form of self-sabotage in both his professional and emotional lives. Hence, he is unable to maintain either a steady job or a steady romantic relationship. The first week of classes, Will solves a difficult graduate-level math problem that Professor Gerald Lambeau (Stellan Skarsgrd), a Fields Medalist and combinatorialist, left on a chalkboard as a challenge to his students, hoping someone might solve it by the semester's end. Everyone wonders who solved it, and Lambeau puts another problem on the board -- one that took him and his colleagues two years to prove. Will is discovered in the act of solving it, and Lambeau initially believes that Will is vandalizing the board and chases him away as Will insults him. When Will turns out to have solved it correctly, Lambeau tries to track Will down. One night after work, Will and his best friend Chuckie and a couple of their other friends go to a bar near Harvard University. At the bar, Chuckie spots a beautiful woman, Skylar (Minnie Driver) and he hits on her, claiming to be a Harvard student himself. One of Skylar's fellow co-eds, Clark (Scott William Winters), tries to humiliate Chuckie, challenging his knowledge of American colonial history. Will steps to Chuckie's defense, matching Clark step-for-step with historical facts he'd memorized. A potential fight is eventually defused and Will finds that Skylar is attracted to him, getting her phone number. A few days later Will attacks a youth who had bullied him years before in kindergarten, and he now faces imprisonment after hitting a police officer who was responding to the fight -- a tough judge refuses to be tricked by Will's sharp knowledge of law precedent, which includes citing a case from the 1700s. Realizing Will might have the potential to be a great mathematician, such as the genius variste Galois, Lambeau intervenes on his behalf, offering him a choice: either Will can go to jail, or he can be released into Lambeau's personal supervision, where he must study mathematics and see a psychotherapist to help him with his anger and defensive personality. Will chooses the latter even though he seems to believe that he does not need therapy. Five psychologists fail to connect with Will. Out of sheer desperation, Lambeau finally calls on Sean Maguire (Robin Williams), an estranged old friend and MIT classmate of his. Sean differs from his five predecessors in that he is also from South Boston and pushes back at Will and is eventually able to get through to him and his hostile, sarcastic defense mechanisms. At one point, Will analyzes a watercolor painting that Sean had done himself and concludes that it reflects Sean's suppressed feelings and guilt over the premature death of his wife. Sean becomes offended and hostile and grabs Will by the throat, threatening to sink his chances for reform, at which point Will ends the appointment and walks out; Lambeau walks in believing that Will has ruined his chances with yet another therapist. However, Sean sees Will as a challenge and tells Lambeau to bring him back each week. In a later session, Will is particularly struck when Sean tells him how he gave up his ticket to see the Red Sox in the 1975 World Series (missing Carlton "Pudge" Fisk's famous home run in the Sox infamous "Game 6") in order to meet and spend time with a stranger in a bar, who would later become his wife. Will is spurred to try to establish a relationship with Skylar (Minnie Driver), a young woman he met at a bar near Harvard. This doctor-patient relationship, however, is far from one-sided. Will challenges Sean in the same way that Sean is encouraging Will to take a good, hard, objective look at himself and his life. Sean's own pathology is that he is unable and unwilling to even consider another romantic relationship in the aftermath of his beloved wife's premature death from cancer several years before, possibly the primary reason why Sean agrees to take Will on as a client. Meanwhile, Lambeau pushes Will so hard to excel that Will eventually refuses to go to the job interviews that Lambeau has arranged for him for positions that might prove challenging, even to his immense talents. Lambeau and Sean also squabble about Will's future; Sean believes that Lambeau is pushing Will to fast and also points out that Will's friends are the most dedicated and loyal people he associates with. Will's accidental witnessing of this furious quarrel somehow acts as a catalyst for his decision to enter a deeper level of trust and sharing with Sean. He has apparently realized from this event that the situation is a little more complex than Will vs. The World. He now sees that these mentors are every bit as human, fallible, and conflicted as he is. Skylar asks Will to move to California with her, where she will begin medical school at Stanford. Will panics at the thought. Skylar then expresses support about his past, which is received as patronizing and triggers a tantrum in which Will storms out of the dorm while in a state of undress. He shrugs off the work he's doing for Lambeau as "a joke," even though Lambeau is incapable of solving some of the theorems and admittedly envies Will. Lambeau begs Will not to throw it all away, but Will walks out on him anyway. At a later job interview, Will gives the interviewer a long explanation about why he doesn't want to be a government code-breaker. At another interview, Will sends Chuckie in his place. Chuckie mocks the panel of representatives, even persuading them to give him all the cash they have before mildly threatening them with a call from his attorney. Sean points out that Will is so adept at anticipating future failure in his personal and romantic relationships, that he either allows them to fizzle out or deliberately bails in order to avoid the risk of future emotional pain. When Will then provides a whimsical reply to Sean's very serious query of what he wants to do with his life, Sean simply shows him the door. When Will further tells his best friend Chuckie (Ben Affleck) that he wants to be a laborer for the rest of his life, Chuckie becomes brutally honest with Will: He believes it's an "insult" for Will to waste his potential as a laborer, and that his recurring wish is to knock on Will's door in the morning when he picks him up for work and find that he just isn't there, that he has left without saying goodbye. Chuckie's honesty hits home with Will more than anyone else's, even a trained professional like Sean. Will goes to another therapy session, where Sean shares that he was also a victim of child abuse. At first, Will is defensive and resentful at Sean's repeated reassurances that it was not Will's fault that he was so horribly abused and abandoned. Will eventually breaks down in tearful acknowledgment. Finally, after much self-reflection, Will decides to cease being a victim of his own inner demons and to take charge of his life. When his buddies present him with a rebuilt Chevy Nova for his 21st birthday, he decides to go to California and reunite with Skylar, setting aside his lucrative corporate and government job offers. Will leaves a brief note for Sean explaining what he's doing, using one of Sean's own quips, "I had to go see about a girl." Sean also leaves to travel the world, though not before reconciling with Lambeau. The movie ends as Chuckie poignantly discovers, in fulfillment of his own long-standing wish, that Will has left for a better life. Will is then shown starting his life-affirming drive to California for a new beginning with Skylar and a leap into an unpredictable future. 