nm0002855:

 Critical Mass (2001)Summaries Terrorists takes a nuclear facility hostage, to set off a meltdown the size of Chernobyl - throughout Southern California. Only one man, security agent Mike Jeffers, has what it takes to thwart the operation and divert the deadly attack. Jeffers works security at a nuclear power plant. The plant is being decommissioned, and a politician is touring the plant and videotaping his comments regarding the closing. A terrorist group led by Samson gets inside the gates, with their ultimate goal the detonation of a nuclear bomb inside the plant. After local policemen and the other plant workers are killed, Jeffers and Janine alone must confront and halt Samson and his terrorist squad. Ken Miller <wkmiller704@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rawhide II: Dirty Deeds (2009 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Inferno (II) (1999)Summaries A man (JCVD) drives out in the desert where some men steal his motorcycle and leave him for dead. He survives and no longer thinks of suicide as he now has a purpose in life: revenge and getting his bike back. Eddie Lomax (Van Damme) is a vetern soldier sick of life, wandering the desert looking for a reason to die. An incident with a few thugs from the nearby town who steal Eddies motorbike and beat him almost to death, starts in Eddie a flame for revenge. Helped by Mr. Early, and some other good fellows, Eddie is out for vengeance. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cyber Seeker (1993)211) Samuel Roth is a seeker of truth in a time the world is decimated by a viral strain known as "The Reaper". Set after if killed the majority of the world in 2013. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 2020 a martial artist and desert ranger, Ryan Steele finds himself in a future he never dreamed of. A post-apocolyptic nightmare where viruses have destroyed or mutated most of the worlds population. Now there is one man in New Los Angeles bent on destroying the city with a deadly vial of bacteria known as "The Reaper" which he plans to release into the city's air supply. Aided by the mysterious wasteland dweller, Steele is determined to find the maniac and his deadly cyborg henchman before it is too late. 