nm0010980:

 The Twilight Zone (20022003)Summaries This second revival of The Twilight Zone (1959) presents tales of suspense, fantasy, science fiction and horror. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fido (2006)431) Space radiation turns the dead into Zombies. Zomcon fights zombies and finds ways to pacify and use them. On pre-teen Timmy's (Kesun Loder's) 1950s suburban street, they all have a zombie doing menial chores. Timmy's zombie becomes his pet and friend, and is named Fido (Sir Billy Connolly). In an Earthly world resembling the 1950s, a cloud of space radiation has shrouded the planet, resulting in the dead becoming zombies that desire live human flesh. A company called Zomcon has been able to control the zombie population. Zombies can be temporarily neutralized by being shot, but can only be permanently neutralized by their brain being destroyed. Their ultimate disposal is through cremation, or burial, the latter which requires decapitation with the head being buried separately from the body. Conversely, Zomcon has created the domestication collar, when activated and placed on a zombie makes the zombie controllable, and thus an eternally productive creature within society. Because all dead initially become zombies, the elderly are viewed negatively and suspectly. And all people, adult or child, learn to shoot to kill to protect society. Zomcon is the go to organization for all things zombie. In the town of Willard, the Robinsons - father Bill (Dylan Baker), mother Helen (Carrie-Anne Moss), and adolescent son Timmy (Kesun Loder) - are one family who don't own a zombie as a domestic, since Bill is afraid of zombies, as, when he was a child, he had to shoot his own zombie father, who tried to eat him. Bill has thus become fascinated with funerals to see zombies put away permanently. But Helen feels pressured to get a zombie when Zomcon's new head of security in Willard, the officious Jonathan Bottoms (Henry Czerny), moves into the neighborhood with his family. Never having had to deal with a zombie directly, Timmy is initially wary of their zombie. But as a lonely child who has no friends and is often bullied, Timmy eventually befriends their zombie, who he names Fido (Sir Billy Connolly), as he treats the zombie much like a faithful pet dog. Timmy protects Fido at all cost, even after Fido, due to no fault of its own, is implicated in some deaths, which creates a mini-wave of loose zombies unknown to Zomcon. But Fido may play a larger role within the family as a companion for Helen, who is largely neglected by Bill, since he sees human affection as ultimately resulting in such difficult issues as what happened between him and his own father. With Timmy and Helen treating Fido with kindness, Fido, in turn, may prove that not all zombies, even when without their domestication collar, are out to kill anyone and everyone in their path. Huggo Timmy Robinson's (Kesun Loder's) best friend in the whole wide world is a six-foot tall rotting zombie named Fido (Sir Billy Connolly). But when Fido eats the next-door neighbor, Mom and Dad hit the roof, and Timmy has to go to the ends of the earth to keep Fido a part of the family. A boy-and-his-dog movie for grown-ups, this movie will rip your heart out. Anagram Pictures Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this satire of American society, we find ourselves following a little boy, Timmy Robinson (K'Sun Ray), through an alternate version of the white-bread 1950s of big shiny cars, houses with white picket fences, and prejudice, except that instead of Blacks there are zombie servants animated by space radiation, but kept under control with Zomcon zombie collars. Timmy is delighted with the family's first zombie (Billy Connolly), whom he names Fido, although his father, Bill Robinson (Dylan Baker), is terrified of zombies. the mother Helen (Carrie-Anne Moss) only acquired the domestic zombie due to social pressure from her neighbors. Bill is only interested in golf and in funeral rights to make sure that they will all stay dead when they die, and not become zombies themselves. Fido becomes Timmy's best friend, while the neighborhood playboy (Tim Blake Nelson) keeps a beautiful female zombie named Tammy (Sonja Bennett) as his girlfriend. Fido runs afoul of prejudice, circumstance, hardware faults in the Zomcon collars, and neighborhood bullies. Before we are done, there is murder and assorted other mayhem, zombification, a full-scale zombie riot at Zomcon, and the death of Timmy's father as a result of the zealous Zomcon security chief's (Henry Czerny) attempt to throw Timmy to the wild zombies beyond the fence to punish him for being attached to a zombie. Fido then rescues Timmy and all's well that ends well. Fido is restored to his family, and the widow discovers that she is happier with Fido than with her late emotionally challenged husband. 
 SurrealEstate (2021)Summaries Realtor Nick Roman and an elite team of specialists handle the cases that no one else can: haunted and possessed houses that literally scare would-be buyers away. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Sentinel (19961999)Summaries In the jungles of Peru, the fight for survival heightened his senses. Now, Detective Jim Ellison is a sentinel in the fight for justice. Anthropologist Blair Sandburg works side by side with Jim, helping him develop these senses. After his helicopter was shot down and his Army Special Forces team lost, sole survivor James Ellison spent eighteen months in the Peruvian jungle living with the Chopec. Five years later, Ellison is now a police detective assigned to the Major Crime unit in Cascade, Washington. Ellison developed hyperactive senses during his time in the jungle, which went away after his return to the US. While on stakeout in a remote forest area his heightened senses abruptly return. He can see people in darkened windows at night from two hundred yards, hear the music playing on the radio of the car he's chasing after he's lost sight of it, and can distinguish between wood and plastic after both have been in a three thousand degree fire. Blair Sandburg, a PhD candidate in Anthropology at Rainier University, tells Ellison that he is a "Sentinel," who in ancient tribes would protect the village and seek out game using such hyperactive senses. Sandburg becomes Ellison's back-watcher/Guide and teaches him how to use his powers as Ellison brings a whole new edge to the war on crime in Cascade, Washington. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com>, GateGabber <gategabber@gategab.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 