nm0011002:

 Modern Family (20092020)Summaries Three different but related families face trials and tribulations in their own uniquely comedic ways. Told from the perspective of an unseen documentary filmmaker, the series offers an honest, often-hilarious perspective of family life. Parents Phil and Claire yearn for an honest, open relationship with their three kids, but a daughter who is trying to grow up too fast, another who is too smart for her own good, and a rambunctious young son make it challenging. Claire's dad Jay and his Latina wife Gloria are raising two sons together, but people sometimes believe Jay to be Gloria's father. Jay's gay son Mitchell and his partner Cameron have adopted a little Asian girl, completing one big -- straight, gay, multicultural, traditional -- happy family. Jwelch5742 Jay Pritchett sits at the head of a large, unconventional family. Now in his second marriage to gorgeous young wife Gloria, Jay has been given something of a second chance. Still, old habits are hard to break, and it's trial by fire as he tries to adapt to life with the same passion and vigor that Gloria exhibits, which are matched by her precocious 12-year-old son Manny. There are culture clashes and a few misunderstandings, but also plenty of sweet victories along the way. Jay's grown daughter Claire and her husband Phil are the proud parents of three kids with whom they want that open, healthy, honest relationship. It's not always easy, especially when you have Haley, a teenage daughter who's growing up a little fast; Alex, a too-smart-for-her-own-good middle daughter; and Luke, a scatterbrained boy. Add to this that Phil is just a big kid himself, even if he does always have the best intentions. Claire is the anchor, trying her best to run a tight ship and determined not to let her kids have the rebellious childhood she had. Claire's brother Mitchell and his partner Cameron are busy raising their adopted daughter Lily. Opposites attract in this household, with Cameron having a wonderfully big personality and maybe a flare for the dramatic, while Mitchell is more buttoned-down. These doting fathers balance each other out and relish their roles as parents developing their own little family. ABC publicity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Glee (20092015)541) A group of ambitious misfits try to escape the harsh realities of high school by joining a glee club headed by a passionate Spanish teacher. When high school Spanish teacher Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) becomes the director of the school's failing Glee club, New Directions, he hopes to be able to rejuvenate it. The club competes in the choir competition circuit. It's been called "a High School Musical for adults", the series follows the club and its mixture of oddball members as they try and restore it to its former glory. It is a musical comedy in which the eager and ambitious students not only compete to win the Nationals, but also have to deal with the tough and cruel realities of their school, McKinley High. At the same time, Will is trying to rejuvenate his failing love life while preventing the school's cheer leading coach Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch) from sabotaging the choir. WellardRockard When a high school Spanish teacher becomes the new Glee Club coach (a club he was previously in) he takes on a group of very different but talented students. Training a Glee Club has never been so amusing. New bonds created and friends for life made. Get ready for "New Directions". Alicia Jayne McKinley High School, in Lima, Ohio, is forever changed when Spanish teacher Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) revives the school's show choir. As Will begins to recruit members for his dancing and singing Glee Club, he realizes that his ragtag group of high school outcasts could become a sensation. The students who take a chance on Glee Club soon become life-long friends as they battle school humiliation, heartbreak, loneliness, and bullying. When Glee Club proves to be very good and talented, the school's cheerleading coach, Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch), takes it upon herself to destroy the club and everyone involved with it. As Glee Club is thrown numerous challenges by the high school popular kids, rivalling show choirs, and Sue, Will won't give up on the budding student stars. Will faces phenomenal stress levels as he deals with one of his students, Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer), being mercilessly bullied, trying to meet the diva that is Rachel Berry's (Lea Michele's) high demands, mentoring football jock Finn Hudson (Cory Montieth) (who is confused by all the elements of his life), two of his students dealing with teen pregnancy, and desperately trying to fix his toxic marriage. Through all of this drama, Glee Club must win their competitions if they want to continue existing. The show also focused on the McKinley alumni after graduation; following Kurt and Rachel navigating the scary streets of New York City, the other graduates scrambling to make it big in California, and Will, who tries to get a second generation of Glee Clubbers. This show explored the ups and downs of high school life and love while emphasizing the importance of equality in schools and the world, and also sharing light on the countless problems that face students and school faculty today. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's also about the lives of crazy teenagers and singing famous songs sung by famous artists. 
 Parenthood (20102015)321) The lives and tragedies of the Braverman family tree. A family tree with Zeek (Craig T. Nelson) and Camille Braverman (Bonnie Bedelia) serving as the patriarch and matriarch. After forty-six years of marriage, they've managed to keep their foundation intact by burying their problems underneath the surface for the sake of their now-adult children. Adam (Peter Krause) is the first-born and the ripest apple the tree has to offer. He runs a shoe company, has a supportive wife, two children (boy and girl) and a beautiful home to share with them. He's a dog short of "The American Dream". Sarah (Lauren Graham), is the unstable daughter returning home at thirty-eight years of age with her rebellious daughter and sensitive son to live with Zeek and Camille. Crosby (Dax Shepard), is a happy-go-lucky bachelor living in the now, on a docked boat. He has no idea that his frivolous life is about to change tremendously. Then there is Julia (Erika Christensen). She is the bread-winning shot-calling lawyer, whose husband mans the stay-at-home-dad duties. Each family will face their own challenges, but how they propose to deal with them is what will keep them together or tear them apart. Jordan Ray Allen Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A family tree with Zeke (Craig T. Nelson) and Camille Braverman (Bonnie Bedelia), serving as the patriarch and matriarch. After forty six years of marriage, they've managed to keep their foundation in tact by burying their problems underneath the surface for the sake of their now, adult children. Adam (Peter Krause) is the first born and the ripest apple the tree has to offer. He runs a sneaker corporation, has a supportive wife, two children (boy and girl) and a beautiful home to share with them. He's a dog short of "The American Dream". Sarah (Lauren Graham), is the unstable daughter returning home at thirty-eight years of age with her rebellious daughter and sensitive son to live with Zeke and Camille. Crosby (Dax Shepard), is a happy-go-lucky bachelor living in the now and on a docked boat. He has no idea that his frivolous life is about to change tremendously. Then there is Julia (Erika Christensen). She is the bread-winning shot calling lawyer, whose husband mans the stay-at-home-dad duties. Each family will face their own challenges, but how they propose to deal with them is what will keep them together or tear them apart. 
 The Morning Show (I) (2019 )Summaries An inside look at the lives of the people who help America wake up in the morning, exploring the unique challenges faced by the men and women who carry out this daily televised ritual. After a fallout with their previous morning show co-host, the popular but #MeToo-scandal-ridden Mitch Kessler, a New York City TV station hires a new spunky journalist, the progressive and hotheaded southern girl Bradley Jackson, as the new co-host. The scheming station head manager Cory Ellison sees in her the chance to push his career further. The show's other popular co-host Alex Levy, disgruntled by the fact that she has to take in a newbie, tries to use this new situation to make her own power move and turn Bradley into an ally. Meanwhile, Mitch refuses to accept defeat and tries to take everyone in the station who knew about his sexual abuse scandal but said nothing down with him. Other characters include Chip Black, the show's cynical top producer and program organizer, Hannah Shoenfeld, the station's employee and Mitch's emotionally gutted silent victim, Yanko Flores, a romantic and the Morning Show's most popular reporter, Claire Conway, a British junior employee of the station and Yanko's smitten secret girlfriend, and Fred, the station's sleazy chief executive who tried to help Mitch cover up the scandal. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 