nm0005010:

 Just Go with It (2011)431) On a weekend trip to Hawaii, a plastic surgeon convinces his loyal assistant to pose as his soon-to-be-divorced wife in order to cover up a careless lie he told to his much-younger girlfriend. Danny (Adam Sandler) must engage Katherine (Jennifer Aniston), his faithful assistant, to pretend to be his soon to be ex-wife. Danny must pretend that he is married, because he lied to his dream girl, Palmer (Brooklyn Decker) the most gorgeous woman in the world. To keep the woman he loves, covering up one lie soon turns into many lies. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) Danny, after getting burned in a previous relationship, decides to avoid commitment by telling every girl he hooks up with that he's married. But when he meets a gorgeous young girl named Palmer, he thinks she could be the one until she finds out he's "married". So in order to keep their relationship still going, he tells her that he and his "wife" are getting a divorce. When she insists on meeting her, he asks Katherine to pose as his wife. Katherine takes a call from one of her children, Palmer assumes that they're Danny's so wants to meet them. And it's at this meeting that Katherine's son tricks Danny into taking them all on a trip to Hawaii.. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Danny Maccabee (Adam Sandler) is a successful plastic surgeon in Los Angeles who feigns an unhappy marriage to get women, after having been heartbroken on his wedding day 20 years ago. The only woman aware of his schemes is his office manager Katherine Murphy (Jennifer Aniston), a divorced mother of two. At a party, Danny meets Palmer (Brooklyn Decker), a sixth grade math teacher, without his wedding ring on, and they have a connection together. The next morning, she ends up finding the ring, and she assumes he was hiding the fact he was married. She refuses to date him because her parents divorced due to adultery. Danny goes to Palmer's school to try to woo Palmer back. Instead of telling her the truth, he tells her that he is getting divorced from a woman named Devlin, named after Devlin Adams, whom Katherine had mentioned was an old college sorority nemesis. Palmer then insists on meeting Devlin, and Danny agrees. Danny asks Katherine to pose for him, and they go shopping on Rodeo Drive to buy her clothes so she can look like a trophy wife. At a hotel having drinks, Danny and Palmer are greeted by a made-over Katherine, who gives them her blessing. However, after hearing Katherine talking on the phone with her kids, Palmer assumes that her kids are Danny's as well, which Danny goes along with. Danny then privately meets with Katherine's kids, Maggie (Bailee Madison) and Michael (Griffin Gluck), to get them to play along. Initially Katherine is furious, but she reluctantly agrees. Palmer meets the kids, with Maggie using a fake British accent. Michael blackmails Danny in front of Palmer to take them all to Hawaii. At the airport, they are surprised by Danny's cousin Eddie (Nick Swardson), who has taken the disguise of "Dolph Lundgren" (not the actor), an Austrian sheep salesman and "Devlin's" lover. At the resort in Hawaii, Danny and Katherine run into the real life Devlin Adams (Nicole Kidman) and her husband Ian Maxtone-Jones (Dave Matthews), who allegedly invented the iPod. Because of Katherine and Devlin's long time rivalry, Katherine introduces Danny as her husband. Danny and Palmer spend time with Maggie and Michael, during which Michael breaks down. He says that his (real) father won't make time for him, causing Palmer to get upset. Palmer resolves to spend time with Katherine so Danny can spend time with the kids. Danny teaches Michael how to swim, and Katherine and Palmer look on in admiration at Danny winning the kids over. Katherine runs into Devlin, who invites her and Danny out to dinner. Eddie agrees to take Palmer out in the meantime. At dinner, Devlin asks Danny and Katherine to tell each other what they admire most about each other. They end up saying honest things to each other, with Katherine admiring his sense of humor, and Danny liking the fact that he's never had to lie to her. Danny and Katherine start to feel a connection, but when Palmer and Eddie return from their dinner date, Palmer suggests that she and Danny get married. Danny and Katherine are both surprised by her proposition, but Danny ultimately agrees. Danny later calls Katherine regarding his confusion, but Katherine says that she will be taking a job in New York City she mentioned to him earlier to start fresh. Palmer confronts Katherine regarding getting married to Danny, as she has noticed Danny's feelings for her, which Katherine dismisses. Katherine then runs into Devlin at a bar and admits that she made up being married to Danny to avoid embarrassment. Devlin confesses that she's divorcing Ian because he's gay and also that he didn't really invent the iPod. Katherine confides in Devlin saying she's in love with Danny even though they won't be together. Danny, however, shows up behind her, telling her that he didn't go through with marrying Palmer and that he's in love with Katherine and the two share a kiss. Danny and Katherine continue their vacation without Palmer, who heads back to the mainland alone, meeting a professional tennis player (Andy Roddick Brooklyn Decker's real-life husband) on the plane ride back who shares her interests. Sometime later, Danny and Katherine get married. 
 Anger Management (2003)651) Dave Buznik is a businessman who is wrongly sentenced to an anger management program, where he meets an aggressive instructor. Mild-mannered timid businessman Dave Buznik works for a pet clothing company out of New York City. He's got an abrasive boss named Mr. Frank Head who frequently takes credit for his work and steps on him in return. He's got a loving girlfriend, Linda, whose best friend is her condescending college ex, Andrew. But when a misunderstanding aboard an airplane goes haywire, Dave is ordered by the court to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of specialist Dr. Buddy Rydell, who is an unpredictable, psychopathic character. As the relationship between Dave and Buddy becomes more tense, when the unorthodox treatment wreaks havoc Dave's life, and Buddy might be the only one who can save him from a problem he recognizes right away in his patient, that could only get worse. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} After a misunderstanding aboard an airplane that escalates out of control, the mild-mannered Dave Buznik is ordered by Judge Daniels to attend anger management sessions run by Doctor Buddy Rydell, which are filled with highly eccentric and volatile men and women. Buddy's unorthodox approach to therapy is confrontational and abrasive and Dave is bewildered by it. Then, after yet another mishap, Judge Daniels orders Dave to step up his therapy or wind up in jail. So, Buddy moves in with Dave to help him battle his inner demons. Buddy himself has no inner demons since he acts out at every opportunity and that includes making lewd comments about Dave's girlfriend Linda and goading Dave into confronting every slight, past or present, head-on. But Buddy finally goes too far and Dave must decide whether to crawl back into his shell or stand up for himself. Could it be that Buddy's confounding and contradictory treatment is just what the doctor ordered? Sujit R. Varma Overworked and undervalued Dave Buznik is a businessman whose life practically seems stuck in second gear. He's got a boss who just as well step on him, as acknowledge the fact that Dave does all the work but the boss gets the credit. He's got a pacifist nature that always gets the best of him, causing him to avoid conflict whenever possible. But it only seems to get worse for Dave when he can't take action and lets everything just sit. However, when a misunderstanding aboard an airplane lands Dave in court, the only way out is through the therapy of Dr. Buddy Rydell, a psychiatrist and anger management expert. While the unconventional Buddy seems harmful and psychotic, he might just be Dave's only solution to a problem that seriously needs to be addressed. mystic80 Dave Buznik is a hardworking businessman with a pacifistic nature that has often gotten the best of him. But a simple misunderstanding aboard an airplane quickly escalates into a legal nightmare for Dave. Now, the only way he can avoid jail time is to seek the help of a very unlikely anger management instructor known as Dr. Buddy Rydell. The good doctor's unorthodox methods border on unconventional and nearly psychotic, but may be the perfect antidote for Dave, who has been a stepping stone his entire life. monkeykingma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1979, a hot day in the city finds a whole neighborhood of kids and adults relaxing out doors on the street. A nerdy young boy in love with a beautiful girl is about to receive his first kiss. Just then, the local bully yanks down the boy's shorts and underwear, humiliating him to the laughter of the entire crowd. In the present, timid businessman Dave Buznik ( Adam Sandler ) works for a pet clothing company in New York City. His abrasive boss Frank Head ( Kurt Fuller ) takes credit for Dave's money-making work and steps on him in return. His loving girlfriend, Linda ( Marisa Tomei ) is supportive but wishes he would stand up for himself. Her college friend, Andrew ( Allen Covert ), wants to date her and treats Dave like a loser. Dave just wants to avoid conflict (and any hint of public affection.) When an inflight misunderstanding with a stewardess goes haywire, Dave is ordered by Judge Daniels ( Lynne Thigpen ) to undergo anger management therapy at the hands of unorthodox specialist Dr. Buddy Rydell ( Jack Nicholson ). At his first anger management group meeting, self-effacing Dave is certain he doesn't belong there and asks Buddy to let him out of the course. Odd and volatile characters such as Nate ( Jonathan Loughran ), Lou ( Luis Guzmn ), and Chuck ( John Turturro ) startle him. Buddy pushes Dave hard until Dave actually starts shouting. At the end of the meeting, Buddy says Dave needs to be there. He also arranges for him to pair up with eccentric Chuck for mutual support. As Dave prepares for a romantic evening with Linda, Chuck turns up on his doorstep and insists Dave fulfill his support duties. They go to a restaurant, Chuck picks a fight for no reason ... and Dave ends up back in court on charges of assaulting a waitress and a blind man ( Harry Dean Stanton ). Judge Daniels orders Dave to step up his therapy or wind up in jail. Buddy decides to move in with Dave for intensive treatment. Buddy's obnoxious behavior includes everything from throwing out Dave's CDs, nudity, sleeping with Dave in his bed (and farting), throwing food when it's not done his way, flirting with Dave's girlfriend, and pissing off Dave's boss. He forces Dave stop driving on the way to work in order to sing the show tune "I Feel Pretty", while blocking traffic on a bridge. He takes Dave to a street corner and pays a transvestite ( Woody Harrelson ) to get in the back seat with Dave. Dave is horrified, and finally starts yelling and demanding that the shemale get away from him. Buddy explains that this is an important step forward in the program: righteous anger. Dave and Buddy go to Boston to see Buddy's mom. At a bar, Buddy lures Dave into hitting on a beautiful girl ( Heather Graham ) using a crude pickup line. To his shock, she takes the bait. When he looks around, Buddy has left him and he doesn't even know where to go. The girl takes him home and tries to seduce him, and turns violent when he refuses because of his commitment to Linda. She throws him out in the rain where he screams back at her. On their return trip from Boston, Dave falls asleep. When he wakes up, Buddy has taken him to an out of the way Buddhist sanctuary. His old nemesis Arnie Shankman has become a monk. Buddy incites the two to fight, and finally their anger ignites. Dave discovers the heady feeling of a little righteous revenge. When he meets with Linda, Dave tries to nerve himself up to propose to her but is unable to do so. Recognizing the lost moment, she says that Buddy has advised that they separate for a while. Dave is devastated, but Buddy assures him things will be fine. When he learns that Linda will be going out to a swank restaurant with some guy, Dave decides to show up with the two porn star girls ( Krista Allen and January Jones ) from his anger management class. The scantily clad girls accompany him in ... where he finds out that Linda's date is Buddy himself. Buddy swears he is dating her for Dave's benefit, that nothing is going on. But later that night Buddy confesses that the date led to kissing and then announces that he and Linda are in love. Dave loses it and leaps for Buddy ... and Dave is back in court as the judge finds him incurable, promising that at his sentencing he will be going to prison. A bruised, battered and bandaged Buddy is present, accompanied by Linda. Dave sees the two enter a taxi outside (and Buddy removing his neck brace!), as Linda gazes at Dave regretfully. Dave finds out that Buddy is taking Linda to a Yankees game, and realizes that Buddy is about to steal his proposal "idea" (having it appear on the marquee). He rushes to the stadium to prevent this disaster. Guards try to stop him as he storms on to the field and appropriates the microphone to plead with Linda not to marry Buddy, that Buddy is crazy. Dave admits that he was an angry guy, that letting people step on him was wrong. He tells Linda that he loves her and wants to marry her. Linda agrees, but on the condition that he kiss her in front of everyone in the stadium. He hesitates, but finally gathers his courage and does it. Amazingly, the loving message appears on the marquee, and Linda happily tells him that he just graduated from anger management! Waiting for the train home, she explains that she'd read Buddy's book and asked if he could help Dave. The stewardess, the judge and many others were in on the plot to help Dave find and express his anger. A celebration party in the park with the whole anger management class is interrupted by a man with a gun. Dave stands up to him and refuses to be afraid, while everyone else begs him not to be a hero and get himself killed. The gunman fires - his water pistol, as the whole thing turns out to be Dave's prank revenge on everyone for duping him. 
 Mulholland Drive (2001)651) After a car wreck on the winding Mulholland Drive renders a woman amnesiac, she and a perky Hollywood-hopeful search for clues and answers across Los Angeles in a twisting venture beyond dreams and reality. Still untarnished by the false promises of the rapacious film industry, the wide-eyed actress, Betty, sets foot on bustling, sun-kissed Hollywood. Brimming with hope, and eager to spread her wings and prove her worth, Betty moves in Aunt Ruth's expensive apartment, unbeknownst to her, however, that fate has other plans in store for her, setting the stage for life-altering experiences with the unexpected, the indecipherable, and the unknown. Now, in the centre of an elaborate labyrinth of half-truths, faded memories, unrequited loves, and dangerous encounters with the city's ugly face lies a strange key to a mysterious keyhole, an even stranger indigo-blue cube, the young director, Adam, and one cryptic woman: the amnesiac brunette and devilishly seductive car-crash survivor, Rita. But, time flies and Rita's opaque past demands answers. After all, both women deserve the truth. What is the secret of the serpentine, dream-crushing Mulholland Drive? Nick Riganas Successful Hollywood movie director Adam Kesher is facing problems in both his personal and professional life. His wife is openly cheating on him, she kicking him out of their house in the Hollywood hills. For his latest film, he is being threatened to cast the female lead with the actress of "their" choice, that actress who he will only know at the time she auditions, he facing unknown but severe consequences by the unknown forces backing her if he doesn't comply. Meanwhile, wide-eyed Betty Elms has just arrived in Hollywood from her home in Canada to begin an acting career, she staying at her Aunt Ruth's apartment while Aunt Ruth, who also works in the business, is away on a film shoot. Initially believing she a friend of Aunt Ruth's, Betty discovers a young woman in the apartment, she, calling herself Rita, suffering from amnesia and just taking refuge in the empty apartment in seeing Aunt Ruth leave. They come to the belief that Rita has suffered a concussion most likely from a vehicle accident that took place along nearby Mulholland Drive. From what they discover in Rita's purse which precludes them from involving anyone else least of all the police, Betty decides to help Rita discover who she really is. When Betty and Rita stumble across a dead body in following the leads, Adam, Betty and Rita's collective stories begin to merge and take on surreal qualities, however the direction of that surrealism arguably backward and not forward. Huggo A bright-eyed young actress travels to Hollywood, only to be ensnared in a dark conspiracy involving a woman who was nearly murdered, and now has amnesia because of a car crash. Eventually, both women are pulled into a psychotic illusion involving a dangerous blue box, a director named Adam Kesher, and the mysterious night club Silencio. Anonymous After a brutal car accident in Los Angeles, California, Rita is the sole survivor but suffers mass amnesia. Wandering into a strangers apartment downtown, her story strangely intertwines with Betty Elms, a perky young woman in search of stardom. However, Betty is intrigued by Rita's situation and is willing to put aside her dreams to pursue this mystery. The two women soon discover that nothing is as it seems in the city of dreams. TXTard Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Along Mulholland Drive above Los Angeles, an attractive brunette woman ( Laura Harring ) rides in a limousine. Suddenly, the driver stops and orders her out of the car at gunpoint. Before she can exit, a car driven by joy-riding teenagers plows into the limo. The drivers are killed but the woman emerges from the wreck. In a daze, she stumbles down the hillside and into Hollywood. She falls asleep in the bushes in front of a luxury apartment complex from the golden era of Hollywood. The next morning, she sneaks into one of the apartments as its tenant, Ruth Elms (Maya Bond), leaves by taxi with her luggage. Meanwhile, two police detectives ( Brent Briscoe and Robert Forster ) find an earring at the scene of the accident and realize that someone may have survived the crash. They begin their search. At a Winkie's restaurant, Dan ( Patrick Fischler ) tells Herb (Michael Cooke) about a frightening dream he has had involving an evil entity living in the alley behind the restaurant. Herb insists they investigate. As they reach the alley, a crone with blackened skin lurches out at Dan, who collapses. Betty Elms ( Naomi Watts ) arrives in Los Angeles from Deep River, Ontario. At the airport, she explains to an elderly couple she met on her flight that she hopes to make it big as an actress. Her Aunt Ruth is allowing Betty to stay in her apartment while she is away filming in Canada. When Betty arrives at Ruth's apartment building, Coco Lenoix ( Ann Miller ), the friendly landlady, greets her and lets her in. Exploring the apartment, Betty finds the brunette cowering in the shower and assumes the woman is a friend of her aunt's. The unknown woman is dazed and confused and just wants to sleep. She explains that she had a car accident. Inspired by a Gilda (1946) movie poster hanging up in the bathroom, she takes the name Rita but admits she doesn't remember who she really is. Betty and Rita open Rita's purse and find thousands of dollars and a bizarre blue key. They hide these objects in a hat box and decide to solve the mystery of Rita's identity together. Filmmaker Adam Kesher ( Justin Theroux ) is in a meeting downtown with his agent, two producers and the thuggish Castigliane brothers ( Dan Hedaya and Angelo Badalamenti ). The brothers show the filmmakers a headshot for an actress named Camilla Rhodes ( Melissa George ) and order Adam to cast her as the lead in his new film. Adam refuses to let the brothers override his authority as the film's director and angrily leaves the meeting, smashing the brothers' limousine with his golf club before speeding away in his Porsche. He arrives home to find his wife Lorraine (Lori Heuring) in bed with the pool cleaner Gene ( Billy Ray Cyrus ). Adam retaliates by pouring pink paint over all of Lorraine's jewelry. The three tussle and the muscular pool man throws Adam out. Later, some goons sent by the Castiglianes appear at the house, looking for Adam. One of them beats up the wife and the pool man. Meanwhile, Adam hides out in a low rent motel downtown. The proprietor, Cookie ( Geno Silva ), tells Alex that bankers called him to say that Adam was broke, a fact that Adam's assistant Cynthia ( Katharine Towne ) confirms. She also tells Adam that "The Cowboy" (Lafayette Montgomery) wants to meet with him at a corral in Beachwood Canyon. At their meeting, the Cowboy tells Adam he must cast Camilla Rhodes as the lead actress. "You'll see me one more time if you do good, and two more times if you do bad," he warns. In another downtown office, Joe, a hit man ( Mark Pellegrino ), kills an acquaintance in order to confiscate a black address book. Because of his incompetence, he winds up having to kill two other people-- a lady who sells mail order diet aids in the next office (Diane Nelson) and a janitor (Charles Croughwell) whose vacuum cleaner shorts, setting off the fire alarm. Later, at Pink's on Melrose and La Brea, Joe tells a prostitute ( Rena Riffel ) to be on the lookout for a brunette woman who recently went missing and may have ended up on the streets. Betty and Rita go out for coffee at the same Winkie's where Dan and Herb discussed Dan's dream. There they phone the police and learn that there was an accident reported on Mulholland Drive. Rita also reads the name "Diane" on their waitress' name tag and remembers the name "Diane Selwyn." They find an address for a woman with this name in the phone book and make a plan to investigate. One of Coco's tenants, Louise Bonner ( Lee Grant ) wanders up to the apartment where Betty's staying to warn Betty that "someone's in trouble!" Coco tells Betty that Louise is clairvoyant and her warnings are often correct. Coco also advises Betty to put Rita out. Aunt Ruth has arranged an audition for Betty. As Rita runs lines with Betty, the two women can't help but laugh at the bad dialogue. Likewise, everyone at the audition seems like they're just going through the motions, including the over-the-hill romantic lead, Jimmy Katz ( Chad Everett ). Betty suddenly loses herself in the role, giving an electrifying performance that takes Jimmy by surprise and excites the director, Wally Brown ( James Karen ). She does so well that the casting director immediately takes her to see Adam Kesher. They arrive at the sound stage where Adam is auditioning actresses for the lead role in The Sylvia North Story, the part earmarked for Camilla Rhodes. Betty and Adam make eye contact and seem to connect. Adam watches Camilla lip synch to Linda Scott's "I've Told Ev'ry Little Star" and announces halfheartedly that she has the role. Before she can meet Adam, Betty rushes back to the apartment to keep her date with Rita to visit Diane Selwyn's place. Betty and Rita first knock on #12. A woman answers, but it's not Diane, it's a neighbor who tells the women that she switched apartments with Diane, and they can find her in cottage #17. The neighbor wants to accompany Betty and Rita to #17 because she says that Diane "still has some of my stuff," but her phone rings and she goes back into her apartment to answer it. No one answers when Betty and Rita knock on the door of Diane's cottage, but when they slip in through a back window, they find the decomposing corpse of a woman in the bedroom. Distraught, Rita tries cutting off her hair when she and Betty return home, but Betty persuades her to wear a blonde wig instead. That night, Betty invites Rita to share the bed with her rather than sleep on the couch. Rita gets into bed naked and after a few moments, the women find themselves making love. Betty tells Rita that she is in love with her. Later that same night, Rita wakes up next to Betty speaking in Spanish and, despite the late hour, insists that Betty accompany her downtown to Club Silencio. In her blonde wig, Rita looks more like Betty. At the club, Rebekah Del Rio (herself) lip synchs a Spanish version of Roy Orbison's "Crying." Betty and Rita, deeply moved, cry. Betty reaches into her purse and finds a blue box. She and Rita return to the apartment and take the odd blue key out of the hat box. Betty suddenly disappears, leaving Rita to open the box with the key. The box seems to swallow the bedroom, then drops to the floor. Aunt Ruth enters the bedroom looking as if she heard a sound, but it is empty of even the box. In Diane Selwyn's apartment, the Cowboy tells her it is time to wake up. Diane Selwyn (Naomi Watts) wakes up in her bed one morning, apparently from a dream in which she was Betty, to the sound of someone pounding on the door. Donning a grubby bathrobe, she shuffles into the front room to answer it. It's the same neighbor Betty and Rita met, still impatient to collect the rest of her stuff from Diane's apartment. The neighbor gathers up her things and on her way out mentions that "those two detectives came by again, looking for you." At that moment, Diane notices a normal door key, coloured blue, on her coffee table. She then sees Camilla Rhodes (now played by Laura Elena Harring) in the kitchen, and is overjoyed until she realizes it is a hallucination. Diane and Camilla met on the set of a film. Both actresses auditioned for the lead role in The Sylvia North Story, but the role went to Camilla. The two became lovers and Camilla managed to secure small roles for Diane, but she was growing tired of their relationship and broke it off. This devastated Diane. Camilla's open flirtation on set with director Adam Kesher made the pain all the worse. The final humiliation came when Camilla invited Diane to a dinner party at Adam's house on Mulholland Drive. Camilla met Diane at the same spot where the accident occurred in Diane's dream and led her up the hill along a romantic secret pathway to the house. But once inside, Camilla kissed another woman (Melissa George) and announced her engagement to Adam in front of Adam's mother Coco (Anne Miller). Enraged, Diane hired Joe, a hit-man, to kill Camilla. Diane paid Joe the cash and showed him Camilla's headshot at Winkie's, where a waitress named Betty served them and a customer Diane dreamt as Dan watched them arrange the hit. Joe tells Diane that once he has completed the job, he will leave a blue key in her apartment -- the exact key that Diane has now found. At night, behind the restaurant, the creature with the blackened skin fondles a box identical to the one in Diane's dream. With reason to believe that the police are closing in, wracked with guilt, depressed and plagued by bizarre hallucinations, Diane commits suicide, shooting herself in the head and collapsing dead on the bed where Betty and Rita found Diane's corpse in the earlier fantasy. ***** As the film begins, a surreal image of people doing the jitterbug is shown. The sound of a cheering crowd accompanies a ghostly image of a young blonde woman and an old couple, all of whom are smiling (apparently before said crowd). The final image of the blonde woman waving dissolves into a point-of-view shot, with the camera panning over a bed and moving into a pillow. The scene then fades black and switches to a street sign"MULHOLLAND DR."illuminated by headlights. A young, dark-haired woman (played by Laura Harring) is being driven up Mulholland Drive in Los Angeles late at night. She is threatened by two men inside the car with a gun. Before they can kill her, however, their limousine is smashed into by a carload of drag racing teenagers. The nameless, dark-haired woman suffers from a head injury and subsequent amnesia. As the sole survivor of the crash, she wanders down the hillside into L.A., finds refuge behind some bushes, and falls asleep. The next morning she awakes and sneaks into a vacant apartment. A young and perky aspiring actress named Betty Elms (played by Naomi Watts), who has just arrived in Hollywood from Deep River, Ontario, moves in and discovers her in the shower. It is revealed that the apartment, which is part of a complex managed by a feisty older woman named Coco (played by Ann Miller), belongs to Betty's Aunt Ruth, who is away making a movie in Canada. The dark-haired woman sees a poster for the movie Gilda starring Rita Hayworth and decides to call herself "Rita". She tearfully admits to Betty that she has amnesia, and together the two of them try to piece together her identity. While going through Rita's purse for clues, they discover $50,000 in cash and an unusual blue key. Betty (Naomi Watts) arrives in Los Angeles; pictured with Irene (Jeanne Bates)Strange, seemingly unrelated events follow. At Winkie's, a local diner, a man named Dan tells his companion Herb about a recurring nightmare involving a shadowy person living behind the restaurant. When Herb encourages Dan to confront his fear by exploring the rear parking lot, he encounters a terrifying figure and collapses from fright. One subplot involves the efforts of shady film executives to strong-arm a young, arrogant director. The director, Adam Kesher (played by Justin Theroux) finds his latest project stolen by men who appear to be mobsters, who show him a headshot of an unknown blonde actress named Camilla Rhodes (played by Melissa George) and order him to cast her as the film's lead. When Kesher refuses, his life is turned upside down. Returning home, he stumbles upon his wife in bed with the pool cleaner (Billy Ray Cyrus), who beats him up and throws him out of the house. Kesher checks into a seedy hotel, upon which the manager informs him there is trouble with his credit cards. Kesher then receives a call from his female assistant who informs him he is out of money, and that the film's cast and crew have been let go. The assistant also passes on instructions summoning him to meet "the Cowboy" at a ranch just outside of L.A. Kesher, skeptical but compliant, arrives and finds a threatening man dressed as a cowboy. He tells Kesher that he must give the role to Camilla Rhodes to avoid further trouble. At the next casting call, the actress whose headshot he had seen, Camilla Rhodes, arrives and auditions. The casting director asks him if he has something to say, whereupon Kesher obediently declares, "This is the girl." In another subplot, a bungling hit man steals a "black book" of names and addresses, leaving behind three dead bodies. He, along with two police detectives, are all trying to track down the dark-haired woman now known as "Rita". Meanwhile, Betty goes to a Hollywood acting audition and performs brilliantly. She is then taken to a sound stage where she catches a glimpse of Adam Kesher, who has just caved in to the mobsters' demands by hiring Camilla Rhodes for his new picture. Betty abruptly flees from the sound stage to pick up Rita, following a clue to the apartment of a mystery woman named Diane Selwyn. This leads to their discovery of a rotting corpse, which is presumably a murdered Diane. Rita, fearing that the same people who harmed Diane are after her as well, decides to disguise herself by wearing a blonde wig. That night, Betty and Rita become lovers and sleep together. Rita later awakens and insists that she and Betty attend a performance at an eerie midnight theater called Club Silencio, during which Betty begins shaking and both women cry uncontrollably. After Betty discovers a small blue box in her handbag, both women return to their apartment. Betty suddenly vanishes and Rita, finding herself alone, opens the blue box with the blue key from her purse. An emotionally hurt Diane (Naomi Watts) exchanges words with Camilla (Laura Harring). After this, an entirely new reality suddenly emerges. Betty wakes up and finds herself a depressed and lonely failed actress named Diane Selwyn. While alone in her apartment, Diane appears to flashback to recent traumatic events. Her former lover, an actress named Camilla Rhodes (now played by Harring), has abandoned her to pursue a life of riches and glamour by marrying a successful director, the same Adam Kesher who appeared earlier in the film. Feeling betrayed and humiliated, Diane meets the same hit man from the previous reality at Winkie's diner and pays him thousands of dollars in cash to kill Camilla. After receiving confirmation that Camilla has been killed (by the appearance of an ordinary blue key) and now under police suspicion, the guilt-stricken Diane loses her mind, is terrorized by hallucinations, and shoots herself. **** Diane Selwyn (Naomi Watts), an idealistic, ambitious and naive young woman, wins a jitterbug dance contest in Deep River, Ontario, that offers a trip to Hollywood as first prize. Late in the film, we discover that Diane has traveled to LA to pursue an acting career but has been disappointed by most of her encounters with film industry people and has failed to find success. Instead she strikes up a romance with a charismatic and successful actress Camilla Rhodes (Laura Harring), who gets a big part Diane had applied for but uses her influence to get Diane bit parts. Camilla treats Diane carelessly, dumping her to marry her director Adam Kesher, as well as to pursue a new romance on the side with a young un-named actress. Things come to a head at a Mulholand Drive party hosted by Camilla and Adam to announce and celebrate their marriage. Diane, still in love and obsessed, is invited to the party by Camilla and the two arrive at the event by chauffeured limo. At the party Diane sees Camilla kissing a young girl (Melissa George) and confronted fully with what is going on, is devastated. In a rage at her lover's betrayal and her own humiliation, Diane hires Joe Messing, an incompetent hit man, to murder Camilla. At their meeting in Winkie's restaurant, Joe shows Diane a blue house key that she will receive as his signal when the hit has been completed. Diane retreats to her dumpy apartment, receives the blue key, and fueled by drugs and alcohol, loses her mind and begins to hallucinate as detectives investigating Camilla's murder arrive at the apartment and bang loudly at the door. The bulk of the film (presented first) is composed of Diane's elaborate dream-fantasy-nightmare-hallucination, in which she re-imagines herself as Betty Elms, a young, innocent and talented version of herself just arrived in LA from Deep River to pursue her acting career. Other individuals she has encountered in LA (including several from Camilla and Adam's party and two strangers seen in Winkie's restaurant) take on new parts in the fantasy. In the fantasy, other names are changed or switched among characters. Camilla becomes Rita (not her real name which she has conveniently forgotten but one borrowed from a Rita Hayworth poster the amnesiac happens to see). Most enigmatically, the unnamed girl kissing Camilla at Adam's party (Melissa George), Camilla's new lover and replacement for Dianne, becomes 'Camilla Rhodes' in the fantasy. The choice of the name fits with Diane's anger and jealousy at the girl and anger with Camilla, who has dumped her. The film, and the fantasy, begin with Diane's alter ego Betty arriving in LA and encountering 'Rita' = Camilla (Laura Elena Harring), a beautiful amnesiac car accident victim who conveniently has wandered into the apartment where Betty is staying. The imaginary accident site and chauffeured limo are identical to the real site where Diane and Camilla exited the vehicle to take a shortcut to Adam's hillside mansion for the party. Betty helps Rita investigate who she is and, also conveniently, Rita soon falls in love with Betty. In the course of their investigations, Betty and Rita discover a blond female suicide. Diane's fantasy includes some self-serving and gratuitous nudity by Rita (really the object of her obsession, Camilla Rhodes). Also gratuitously, Rita dons a blonde wig and makeup that morph her appearance towards that of Betty's. Related side-plots in Diane's fantasy conform to both her wishful and also her dark view of her world (herself as the hero, confronting a variety of bad people and saving a beautiful damsel in distress): Betty has an audition and performs brilliantly, briefly encounters director Adam Kesher with whom she makes an instant positive connection, mafia types and a menacing cowboy pressure Kesher to cast 'Camilla Rhodes' (not the real Camilla but the unnamed kissing girl from the party) in a part for which she is not qualified - the girl unfairly get's Betty's part. This last element fits with Diane's jealousy over kissing girl's replacing her as the real Camilla Rhodes' lover. In other vignette elements of Diane's fantasy, Joe the hit-man spectacularly and elaborately bungles a job, reflecting Diane's heterophobia, Kesher's spoiled wife Lorraine is having an affair with the pool cleaner Gene, and significantly a large stylized blue key appears as an evil sign. Reality intrudes into Diane's dream in the form of the symbolic big blue key, 'Diane' on a waitress's name tag at Winkie's, and most significantly the performance at Club Silencio in which Betty, terrified, is forced to confront reality. At this point Diane wakes up and the film flips to reality. Finally, the detectives are knocking at the door and Diane, overwhelmed by her situation (madness taking her, her fantasy a fiction, her lover dead, incarceration imminent), kills herself on her bed using a revolver - matching the pose and clothing of the blonde suicide discovered by her imaginary characters Betty and Rita. 
 Prom Night (I) (2008)541) Donna's senior prom is supposed to be the best night of her life, though a sadistic killer from her past has different plans for her and her friends. Donnas senior prom is supposed to be the best night of her life, one of magic, beauty, and love. Surrounded by her best friends, she should be safe from the horrors of her dark past. But when the night turns from magic to murder there is only one man who could be responsible, the man she thought was gone forever. Now, Donna and her friends must find a way to escape the sadistic rampage of an obsessed killer, and survive their Prom Night. Davi Silva A formal high school science teacher becomes dangerously obsessed with one of his students and follows her around soon or later he gets fired and gets sent to jail. Later, he breaks out of jail and follows her to her prom and the prom nights gets scarily twisted In Bridgeport, the deranged high school teacher Richard Fenton is obsessed by the teenager student Donna Keppel; she witnesses him murder her family to stay with her, but Richard is arrested and sent to prison for life. Three years later, the traumatized Donna is feeling better but is still under psychological treatment and taking pills. On her prom night, she goes with her boyfriend Bobby and two couples of friends to the Pacific Grad Hotel for the party. But the psychopath Richard has escaped from prison and is lodged in the same floor in the hotel chasing Donna, stabbing her friends and staff of the hotel that cross his path. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with Donna (Snow) coming home with her friend Lisa (Davis) and Lisa's mom from the movies. Once they pull up in front of Donna's house they say their goodbyes and Lisa and Donna have a short discussion about cheerleading tryouts, but Donna isn't going to try out this year (note: this is Donna's sophomore year). Donna walks inside of her house and hangs up her jacket. The t.v. in the family room is on when Donna walks in the house and she calls out to tell her family that she is home, but she get's no response. When she puts her jacket in the closet she thinks she hears a noise and turns around and there is nothing behind her. She walks past the couch to go up stairs and then the camera turns to her dead father at the bottom of the couch where he had been murdered by a cut to the throat. She walks upstairs and trips over her brother's baseball bat and makes a small shout. She takes the bat to her brother's room and when she opens the door she see's him laying on the bed and tells him that she slipped over the bat. Then she tells him to turn the television volume down and pokes him in the side revealing the slit to his throat and the blood under his chest. She lets out another small scream and hears running from her parents bedroom and a man yelling "Where is she?", then Donna hides under the bed. While she is under the bed, she see's her mother run in and the killer, Mr. Fenton (Scheach) right behind her. He pushes the mother down and asks her where is Donna. The mother says she doesn't know and then he hits her and she falls to the floor. He asks her one more time and then the mother turns her head to the direction of the bed where Donna is hiding under and then the killer stabs the mother five times in the stomach. Donna witnesses her mother being killed and holds in her scream. Once she realizes that the killer has left the house she runs downstairs and tries to flag down a police car. Then Donna hears a voice in her ear that says "I did it for us". It was the killer. Donna turns around and screams when she see's him and then the screen blacks out. Donna is now in her school psychiatrist room and she just finished telling her about the nightmares Donna has been getting about the night the killer killed her family. "And then what happens" the psychiatrist asks, "and then I wake up, just like I used to" Donna says. And then the psychiatrist tells Donna that the killer is locked up and far away and can only hurt her in her dreams. And then the psychiatrist asks Donna what color is her prom dress. Now Donna and her friends Lisa and Claire (Stroup) are in a beauty salon getting their hair done for prom and Donna is explaining her dress, then Clair and Lisa make a joke about Lisa's dress and her boyfriend Ronnie (Penny). Donna's hair dresser gives Donna a mirror and tells Donna to look at her hair and in the background of Donna's reflection she thinks she see's the killer standing by a bus stop and then she gasps and looks behind her to see that there is no man. About an hour or two later Donna is getting ready for her prom in her house and she walks into her bathroom to freshen up. She opens her medicine cabinet to put on some make up and she think's she hears a noise, then when she realize's it nothing she closes the cabinet and screams because she thought her aunt Karen's (Gilsig) reflection was the killer. After they have calmed down Donna's aunt asks Donna if she has been taking her anxiety pills, and Donna replies no and tells her aunt that she wants to remember what happens tonight and not feel numb. And then Donna's date and longtime boyfriend Bobby (Porter) rings the doorbell and Donna goes downstairs and gives hima hug and kiss and the give eachother their corsages that they got for eachother and take a picture. Now Donna, Bobby, Lisa, Ronnie, Clair, and Claires date Michael (Blatz) are in their limo going to their prom and they are taking pictures and having a good time. The next scene takes you to the police department where Detective Winn (Elba) is at his desk going over files when Detective Nash (Rinsone) comes in with a fax. Detective Nash gives the fax to Winn and Winn curses and then calls a number to confirm if the fax is true about the killer that has escaped from prison. When Detective Winn gets off the phone Detective Nash asks what's going on. Detective Winn explains the story about one of Donna's teacher's that got obsessed with her and how her parents got freaked out and got the teacher fired and he still was in communication with Donna so the parents got a restraining order and the teacher flipped out and killed Donna's father and brother and how Donna had to watch her mother die. The he explains how Donna started getting notes from him a few weeks ago. Now Donna and her friends have arrived at their prom which is at a fancy hotel and they see one of the school girls that hates them named Crissy (Davis). They compliment her work on the dance and she doesn't care what they say. While in the hotel they see their P.E. teacher and have small chit chat. After they have been in the dance hall for a few minutes where the prom is being held Ronnie tells them that he is going to get the keys for their room. When Ronnie reaches the desk there is a man giving his information so he can get a room. He tells the room keeper that his last name is Ramsley. And then Ronnie comes up and tells the room keeper that he needs three keys to room 312 which the room that they are all staying in for the night. The Mr."Ramsly" recognizes Ronnie from Donna's group and tells the room keeper that he would like a room on the third floor. After Ronnie gives them the keys the girls want to go up to their room to freshen up. Mr."Ramsly" (A.K.A the killer) see's Donna and her friends go into their room, and when he is at the door of the room he was assigned he takes out his card key and his pocket knife and cuts the magnetic strip of the card. He calls the housekeeper in the hallways and tells her his room key is broken. And she tells him that the card was cut. So she uses her master key to open the door and then he tells her that he would like more bath towels. As the house keeper is in the bathroom putting in towels it is dead silent and she turns around and the killer takes out his pocket knife and stabs her in the stomach and covers her mouth so she cannot be heard. He stashes her body some where and waits for Donna and her friends to come of out of their room. He watches them leave the room. A few minutes later in the ballroom Clair and her date Michael are arguing about leaving for college and then Clair tell's Donna about their situation and Claire goes up to the room to freshen up. While Claire is in the bathroom she hears the sound of the door opening and she calls to see if it is Donna. When she gets no answer she walks out to see if anyone else is in the room and then she turns around and the killer is behind her and stabs her in her stomach 3 times. When Claire doesn't come back downstairs, Michael goes upstairs to see Claire. He thinks he hears her in the bathroom and tells her to come out and when she doesn't he sits down on the couch and waits for her, when he hears the door creak he thinks she is coming out, but the killer was in the bathroom. So Michael is looking around the room for Claire, and then when Michael turns around the killer pops out and stabs Michael and kills him. Then in the hotel lobby the person at the front desk tells one of the other house keepers that he can't get a response from Gloria, which is the house keeper that got killed. The other house keeper tells the man at the front desk he will check for her when he is up at the floor she was last seen on. When he arrives up there he see's the killer coming out of Donna's room and he walks to his room. As the killer is about to go into his own room the male house keeper asks if he has seen the female house keeper, the killer replies "she is in my room turning down the bed" and when the male house keeper walks in the killer closes the door and kills the male house keeper Later on they are discussing about how it is taking Micheal and Clair so long to come downstairs. Then the P.E. teacher announces that they are about to announce king and queen, when Ronnie decides to go upstairs with Lisa so they can have some alone time. On their way up there Lisa bumps into the killer, he ducks his head quickly and Lisa stares at him for a few minutes trying to remember where she has seen him before. Once they are in their room they lay on the bed and start making out and and then Lisa opens her eye's and says something signifying that she is surprised and scared then she tells Ronnie that she has to go tell Donna something. Ronnie says "of all times" and pulls out an engagement ring. When Lisa runs out of the room she slams the elevator button waiting for the elevator to open then she see's the door open that leads to the stairs and the killer comes out and she runs to the other stairs. While she is running she trips down the stairs and gets back up. She runs to the base or contruction level hiding from him. Ronnie starts to look for Lisa; and the elevator he takes ends up leading him to the contruction level. He calls out for Lisa but doesn't leave the elevator he is in, then the elevator closes. When Lisa thinks the coast is clear she gets up and runs only to be startled by a bunch of pigeons. Then she starts running again and bumps into paint buckets and makes a whole bunch of noise. Thinking that the killer is behind her she starts running and is looking behind her not looking forward she bumps right into the killer and he slits her throat. A few minutes later, Detective Nash gets Detective Winn to follow him and a police officer to the parking lot. The police officer takes them to a car and he opens the trunk; there is a dead body in the trunk. The officer tells the story of a person that ended up missing the day the killer escaped from jail and how the dead body is mssing their clothes and their wallet, then the officer tells the detectives that the dead body is James Ramsly, the name of the person the killer checked into the hotel as. Back at the dance they are about to announce kind and queen when Detective Winn sounds off the evacuation alarm right before they announce them. As everyone is leaving Donna tells Rick, Crissy's date(Lutz) that if Bobby is looking for her, she went up to her room to get her mothers shawl that her aunt gave her. While she is up in her room she goes to her closet to get her purse and drops something, when she bends over the killer is right behind her. Then she turns around and there is nothing behind her, then she closes the closet door and see's his reflection in the mirror, and he says "Donna, I've missed you" and she screams and runs around the room into another part of the room and looks the doors. The killer grabs the fire extinguisher in the halls and breaks down the door, then Donna runs under the bed to hide again. Once the killer is in the room he is looking for Donna and and while Donna is under the bed she scoots further away from the edge and bumps into something and when she turns her head that something is Claire's dead body. As Donna tries to hold in her scream she lets out a small whimper and the killer turns around and looks at the beds and goes to the opposite one Donna is under. When he looks under Donna runs from under the bed and escapes out of the room bumping into the Detectives. In a frantic tone she tells them that the killer is in there. They escort her downstairs but don't see the killer in the room. Once Donna is outside, Bobby see's her and hugs her and they get into a police car and before they leave Donna tell's Ronnie that Claire is dead. They bring a S.W.A.T team in the hotel and look every where for the killer and the once they receive word that the killer hasn't been found blood starts to drip from the air conditioning vent in Donna's room where the Detectives are and when they open it the body of the male house keeper falls out, but he doesn't have his uniform on. And then Detective Winn starts thinking and comes to realize that the killer walked right past him when the employees were exiting the building during the S.W.A.T search and the killer was wearing the house keepers uniform. Detective Winn calls Nash and tells him that the killer escaped from the hotel and is on his way to Donna's house, so they have the house completely gaurded. About 20 minutes later the phone line's to the house got cut unexpectadly but no one knows when it happens, and Donna and her boyfriend are sleep in Donna's room and Donna wakes up and looks at the television and then looks out her window where she see's Nash wiping his eyes and then she goes into her bathroom to take her anxiety pills and when she closes the medicine cabinet the killer is behind her and she slams her head into the mirror. Then she wakes up, it was only a dream. When she wakes up and looks at the television the same show that was on in her dream is on, when she looks out her window Nash is wiping his eye and then when she goes in her bathroom and takes her pills she hesitates to close the cabinet but there is nothing behind her, but her window is open in her bathroom, she closes it and gets back in her bed. When she tries to hug Bobby he doesnt move, so she pushes him a little revealing the slit on his throat. Donna covers her mouth and lets out a small shriek. Before she see's the dead boyfriend Winn pulls up to Nashes car and see's that Nash has also been killed. Then Winn goes inside; Donna see's a shadow and starts to walk in her closet and closes the door. When she see's that it is Winn's shadow she starts to step out when the killer grabs her and covers her mouth. Winn calls for Donna but she can't say anything, then the killer asks if she is ready to come with him and she says yes. Then Donna's aunt and uncle scream and Winn runs to them and they see that one of the security gaurds was killed. As Donna and the killer open the closet door and are about to leave Donna bites his hand and starts to run but she trips and he slips to pick her up and then she kicks him in the face and Winn hears Donna scream and he runs to the room where the killer is on top of Donna about to stab her then the killer gets shot once in the chest, but he is still alive so he get shot six other times by Detective Winn. And Winn tells Donna that it's over. And the movie ends. 