nm0007670:

 Hubie Halloween (2020)321) Despite his devotion to his hometown of Salem (and its Halloween celebration), Hubie Dubois is a figure of mockery for kids and adults alike. But this year, something is going bump in the night, and it's up to Hubie to save Halloween. Good-natured but eccentric community volunteer Hubie Dubois finds himself at the center of a real murder case on Halloween night. Despite his devotion to his hometown of Salem, Massachusetts (and its legendary Halloween celebration), Hubie is a figure of mockery for kids and adults alike. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. We join our story on the eve of Halloween in Salem, Massachusetts a city with a witch history. Our hero is the Fifty-Four year old Hubert Schubert Dubois, who despite being a kind, generous, and overall selfless individual is treated like the town idiot and constantly belittled and bullied by the residents whether it be in the form of malicious pranks or the near-constant barrage of items being thrown at him. Sweet Hubie is generally able to rise above their insulation, but Halloween can make things difficult as his fatal flaw is a proclivity for being frightened. The only Salemite, besides his Mother, that seems to appreciate our protagonist as a worthwhile individual is Violet Valentine. Awarded the superlatives of Most Friendly, Most Popular, and Best Looking (the High School Hat Trick) and despite having married and divorced local law enforcement officer Steve Downey, can't help but look at him with the same stars in her eyes she had when they were in first grade. Each year, in spite of his fear and this October Thirty-First God deciding to go with a Full Moon, Hubie still gears up with his self-made Swiss Army Thermos to fulfill the duties of his annual, self-appointed, role as Official Volunteer Halloween Helper teaching the children about door to door candy etiquette and acting as a safety monitor during the Halloween Festivities to help ensure that every citizen and tourist in Salem has a safe and happy Halloween. What Hubie doesn't know is that in addition to the everyday mischief that both children and adults are prone to get into on All Hallow's Eve. This year he will also have to contend with a Werewolf, an escaped Mental Patient, and an evil unknown presence abducting townsfolk. Richie Hartman sorts out two of the three explaining he only broke out of the mental institution to track down his roommate, the aforementioned werewolf. Thus, the only matter left is the missing citizens. At this time it is revealed that Hubie, was the last one to interact with each of them before they were taken and the citizens of Salem live up to their legacy and much like they accused his great-great-great-great-great-great grandmother of being a witch in the 1600's they are now accusing Hubie of foul play. Forced to run from the angry mob, Hubie takes shelter at the local radio station where he is recognized as their second most frequent caller, after the female who always calls to dedicate a song to her special someone, but just a few nights ago while under the influence of truth serum a.k.a. chardonnay, revealed the identity of their special someone as none other than Hubie. With this revelation there are only two possible suspects who could be responsible for the disappearances and it is up to Hubie to determine who could be holding them captive before they take their affections for him too far and end up doing something unspeakable to those who have victimized Hubie his entire life. By: The Adam Sandler Cinematic Universe 
 Widows (2018)431) Four women with nothing in common except a debt left behind by their dead husbands' criminal activities take fate into their own hands and conspire to forge a future on their own terms. "Widows" is the story of four women with nothing in common, except a debt left behind by their dead husbands' criminal activities. Set in contemporary Chicago, amid a time of turmoil, tensions build when Veronica (Viola Davis), Alice (Elizabeth Debicki), Linda (Michelle Rodriguez) and Belle (Cynthia Erivo) take their fate into their own hands and conspire to forge a future on their own terms. Twentieth Century Fox Harry Rawlings, a renowned thief, is killed alongside his partners Carlos, Florek, and Jimmy during a botched robbery. His widow, Veronica, is threatened by crime boss Jamal Manning, from whom Harry and his partners robbed $2 million. Jamal needs the money to finance his electoral campaign for alderman of a South Side precinct, where he is running against Jack Mulligan, the next-in-line of the Mulligan political family who have historically dominated the alderman position. Veronica discovers Harry's notebook, which contains a detailed plan for a heist worth $5 million. She decides to carry out the plan to repay her debt to Jamal, and recruits two of the other widows, Alice and Linda, to assist her. The fourth widow, Amanda, does not show at their initial meeting; when Veronica visits Amanda and learns she has a newborn child, she opts not to mention the heist plan to her. Alice buys the getaway car and guns, while Linda is tasked with deciphering a blueprint in Harry's plan. Alice uses David, a real estate executive with whom she is in a transactional relationship, to identify the blueprint as a safe in Jack Mulligan's home. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens by introducing the main characters, shown alongside a heist taking place. Veronica (Viola Davis) and Harry Rawlings (Liam Neeson) are happily married. Linda (Michelle Rodriguez) and Carlos Perelli (Manuel Garcia-Rulfo) own a shop and have two children, Xavy (Alejandro Verdin) and Gracie (Bailey Walters), though it appears that Linda bears the heavier workload. Alice Gunner (Elizabeth Debicki) is abused by her husband Florek (Jon Bernthal), though he attempts to make it up by being sweet and sincere afterwards. Jimmy Nunn (Coburn Goss) kisses his wife Amanda (Carrie Coon) goodbye. The four men are seen being pursued by police after completing their heist. They make it to their safe house as a whole squad of cops follow them there. Just as the thieves are attempting to exit, the cops shoot at their car until the thieves' van explodes, killing all four men. We then see Veronica waking up alone. In Chicago, Jack Mulligan (Colin Farrell) is running for the alderman position of the 18th ward. His father Tom (Robert Duvall) is a former political victor who hopes his son will follow in his footsteps. Running against Jack is Jamal Manning (Brian Tyree Henry). Jack visits Jamal's campaign office, which is in a church, to essentially butt heads. Tom firmly demands that Jack win and to not be the first in their family to lose to a black man. The women have to bury their husbands. Veronica attends Harry's funeral, where his remains are laid to rest beside their late son Marcus (Josiah Sheffie). Jack is in attendance, and he tells Veronica that he knew Harry very well, so he offers his services to her if she needs him. Jamal and his brother Jatemme (Daniel Kaluyya) also watch the service from afar. Amanda and Alice attend the funerals of their respective husbands. Linda is at home and tries to console Carlos's mother Lita (Socorro Santiago), but she blames Linda for what happened to Carlos because she claims that he got into that life to support her and the kids, and now his blood is on Linda's hands. Veronica is visited by Jamal that evening. He tells Veronica that Harry stole $2 million from him, which is money he needs to fund his campaign. Jamal forcefully holds Veronica's small dog Olivia by the collar to prove he's not messing around. He orders Veronica to come up with the money within two weeks. Linda goes to her shop to find men repossessing everything inside. When she demands an explanation, she's told that Carlos was the one who handled the lease on the store, and because he was down on payments, the store no longer belongs to Linda. Meanwhile, Alice's mother Agnieska (Jackie Weaver) suggests that she support herself by becoming an escort. When Alice says she won't do it, Agnieska smacks her. Veronica visits someone over lewd photos involving a man having sex with a younger woman, clearly intended to blackmail him. She then goes to a bowling alley to meet a man named Bobby Welsh (Kevin J. O'Connor), who hands her a notebook left by Harry that details all of his heist activities. Veronica learns that Harry's next heist involved stealing $5 million. At a nearby gymnasium, Jatemme's guys find two young men rapping and bring them to Jatemme. They were responsible for guarding Jamal's money that was stolen. Jatemme orders them to rap again before he executes them. Jack is at a rally for an organization of his called Minority Women of Work, in which he sees that women of color can get their businesses off the ground. He is pressed by one reporter over another less ethical practice of his, and he walks away with his aide Siobhan (Molly Kunz). As they are being driven away, Jack complains to Siobhan about his insecurities running against Jamal and the pressure being faced by his father, but Siobhan simply tells him to suck it up. Veronica contacts the other three widows and arranges to meet them at a spa. Linda and Alice show, but Amanda doesn't. Veronica informs the other two about the situation regarding Jamal and how Harry left behind plans for the next heist. Although hesitant, Linda and Alice reluctantly agree to join when Veronica emphasizes how much of a threat the Mannings will be to them and their families. Jamal visits a church to speak to Reverend Wheeler (Jon Michael Hill) for an endorsement, though he appears to already be siding with the Mulligans. Jatemme also visits Bobby at the bowling alley to attack and torture him for information regarding Harry's notebook, which he says he gave to Veronica. He later calls Veronica to ask if she sold it, and she lies and says she did. At a nearby hair salon, Belle (Cynthia Erivo) watches as her boss Breechelle (Adepero Oduye) has to give up money to a large man sent by his boss. Belle presses Breechelle for doing so, but she explains that she has to give up a cut of her earnings to the ones who allow her to keep her business afloat, namely Jack Mulligan. After work, Belle returns home to her mother Suzette (Lily Mojekwu) and daughter Bailee (Bailee Brewer), only to get a call about another job, prompting her to leave immediately and rapidly run to catch the bus. She arrives at Linda's home to babysit her children. Linda goes to join Veronica and Alice at their husbands' old hideout where Veronica gives them money to get guns and a getaway van. She also gives them the blueprints for the heist. Alice goes to an auction to get a van and ends up paying more money than it's worth. To make things more difficult, Alice tells Veronica she can't drive, so Veronica plans to recruit Harry's old driver Bash (Garrett Dillahunt). Alice then goes to get guns and has a woman help her buy guns since she doesn't have the proper documents to purchase firearms. At the same time, Linda attempts to figure out the blueprints to the heist, but she can't make out the word on the paper. She visits a man whose house she believes to be the mark by posing as someone working for a company that owns the house, but she slips up when she mentions the man's wife, whom he says has been dead for four months. Linda breaks down when she mentions her dead husband. She and the man start kissing before Linda realizes it's wrong and she leaves. Linda later joins Alice as the two go to a shooting range to practice. Alice does well, but Linda turns out to be a lousy shot. Alice joins the escort site and starts seeing a man named David (Lukas Haas). He turns out to be a real estate executive and spots the blueprints in Alice's room, which he identifies as being part of the Mulligan home. Veronica finally meets with Amanda in a diner. She mentions not being able to meet with Veronica previously due to taking care of her newborn baby. Because of this, Veronica chooses not to mention anything involving the heist. One week before the heist is to take place, the Mannings visit Bash and murder him. Veronica finds out and tells the ladies that they need a new driver. Linda notices how fast Belle is, so she invites her to join the heist. Despite Veronica's initial reservations, she agrees to let Belle join due to her take-no-shit attitude. Veronica visits Jack to ask for help with Jamal, though he tells her there's nothing he can do, and that he learned from his father and Harry that you reap what you sow. While Veronica talks to Jack, the other ladies scope out the outside area to get a view of the external security. They also spend time at the hideout practicing how they will move the money around and how fast they need to move. Veronica goes to Amanda's apartment with Olivia to talk to her, but she is held up by her baby. Olivia then goes to a nearby closet and starts barking. Veronica looks over on the table and sees a flask...which looks just like the one that belonged to Harry. Veronica walks over to the door, wanting to open it and not have what she's thinking confirmed, but she grabs Olivia and leaves before Amanda comes back out. Amanda goes to the closet and speaks to the man inside...and it's HARRY. Veronica drives away feeling overwhelmed. A flashback then shows how Harry set up his guys with a decoy in the driver's seat, and he fired two shots to get the police to fire at the van just before he set off explosives to obliterate his men. Next we see Hary on a boat with Jack, as they have been working together, and Jack had ordered Harry to steal from Jamal. Another flashback shows how strained things got between Veronica and Harry just before the last heist took place. We then see back to 2008 when Marcus was driving and did an illegal U-turn to go back home and deliver something to Harry. He was pulled over by a cop and almost quickly shot to death when Marcus failed to show his hands. This broke Harry and left him desperate. Tom meets with Jack over Jack firing the campaign manager that's been with their family for thirty years. Tom curses Jack out and orders him to have Siobhan rehire the man, but Jack tells him that he can't wait for the day that he doesn't have to talk to him anymore since Tom won't be there. Just before the heist takes place, Veronica finds Ken (Matt Walsh), the CEO of the Mulligans' security company, and the man in the lewd photos she acquired earlier. They are of him with his niece. With her putting him in a corner, Ken gives Veronica the codes to the Mulligans' safe. The ladies then gather for the heist later that evening. Belle distracts the security guards outside by firing flares into nearby cars. Veronica, Linda, and Alice get inside with masks and devices that disguise their voices. They make it to the safe and take all of the money, but just as they head out, Tom emerges from his room with his gun and orders the women to drop theirs. He unmasks Veronica and shoots Alice in the shoulder, wounding her, but Linda shoots and kills Tom. The ladies run out of the house and head to the van, only to find Belle held at gunpoint by Jatemme, who was sent by Jamal to take ALL the money. Jatemme hijacks the van, but the ladies give chase and ram the back of the van, causing Jatemme to crash and die. Linda then takes Alice to the hospital to get treated for her wound. Veronica goes back to the hideout and finds Harry there. She breaks down, angry over his betrayal. He attempts to justify what he did as him having to look out for himself and his new family (Amanda and their baby). Harry turns to kill Veronica, but she shoots him dead first with the gun that Linda used to kill Tom. Veronica leaves the gun in Harry's hand and leaves with the money. Later on, it's heard that Jack won the election by way of sympathy votes for Tom's death. Breechelle then goes into her salon and finds a bag of money left behind by Belle. She is outside with Bailee as they drive off to start a new life together. Alice is now planning to start her own business, while Linda is able to buy back the shop with her kids. In the final scene, Alice goes to a diner to meet a friend, and she sees Veronica sitting at a nearby table. A man then enters and sits with Veronica. She gives him a large sum of her share of the money to the man so that he can help build a library, and she requests that it be named after Marcus. Afterwards, Veronica follows Alice outside and greets her warmly. 
 The Lincoln Lawyer (2011)431) A lawyer defending a wealthy man begins to believe his client is guilty of more than just one crime. Mick Haller is a defense lawyer who works out of his Lincoln. When a wealthy Realtor is accused of assaulting a prostitute, Haller is asked to defend him. The man claims that the woman is trying to get some money out of him. But when Haller looks at the evidence against him, he learns that this case might be linked to an old case of his. rcs0411@yahoo.com Mickey Haller, a charismatic criminal defence attorney who works in LA County, California, has installed a proper office in the backseat of his glossy, pitch-black 1986 Lincoln Town Car. Having built a career defending petty criminals, Mickey will find himself neck-deep in trouble when Louis Roulet, a wealthy Beverly Hills playboy accused of aggravated assault and battery, enlists Haller's help to get him off the hook. Now, more and more, this seemingly open-and-shut case turns into a deadly search for the truth. Can the Lincoln Lawyer survive what rapidly develops into something more sinister? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Moderately successful criminal defense attorney Mickey Haller (Matthew McConaughey) operates around Los Angeles County out of a Lincoln Town Car driven by a former client working off his legal fees (hence the title). Haller has spent most of his career defending garden-variety criminals, until he lands the case of his career: Louis Roulet (Ryan Phillippe), a Beverly Hills playboy and son of real estate mogul Mary Windsor (Frances Fisher), who is accused of the brutal beating of a prostitute. But the seemingly straightforward case suddenly develops into a deadly game of survival for Haller. Roulet is seemingly innocent and was at the wrong place at the wrong time. Haller and his investigator Frank Levin (William H. Macy) analyze the pictures and evidence, notably the injuries the victim sustained. It bears a similarity to a past case of Haller's that landed a previous client, Jess Martnez (Michael Pea), in jail for murdering a woman, despite always proclaiming his innocence. Haller spends time with his ex-wife, prosecutor Maggie McPherson (Marisa Tomei), who has never appreciated Haller's efforts on behalf of guilty criminals when he ought to be trying to put them behind bars. All his clients claim to be innocent, but Haller begins to wonder if he should have tried harder on behalf of Martinez instead of convincing him to plead guilty in exchange for avoiding the death penalty. In prison, Martnez becomes agitated when Haller shows him Roulet's picture. Haller begins to suspect that Roulet could be the real killer in the Martnez case, but bound by attorney-client confidentiality rules, he cannot tell the police what he has learned. Levin is mysteriously killed after leaving a voicemail message claiming that he has found Martnez's ticket out of jail. Haller is suspected of killing Levin because a collector's gun missing from his house was used to kill Levin, a gun that Haller believes was taken by Roulet after the latter broke into Haller's home. Obliged to do his best for his client, guilty or not, Haller ruthlessly cross-examines the beaten prostitute and discredits her in the jury's eyes. After a prison informant lies to the prosecution on the witness stand, the defense moves to dismiss all charges in the current case. Roulet is set free, delighting his mother, but the police then arrest Roulet immediately for the previous murder case, based upon testimony Haller coaxed out of the witness. Haller acquires a gun from his driver, Earl (Laurence Mason), as a precaution against any retribution he may face. Roulet is released due to lack of evidence and sets out immediately to kill Haller's wife and child, but Haller finds out in time to get them out of the house. He is waiting as Roulet arrives and draws his gun. Roulet mockingly tells Haller he won't be able to guard his family this way every day. But a group of bikers that Haller has previously represented brutally assaults Roulet. Upon arriving home, Haller discovers Roulet's mother inside. She shoots him with his own gun, the same one that killed Frank, confessing that she committed that murder. Haller, wounded, kills her with his new gun. After being discharged from the hospital, Haller discovers that Frank had found a parking ticket issued to Roulet near the house of the murdered victim, which constitutes strong evidence against Roulet in his pending murder trial. Martnez will be released, and Haller rides off to his next case. 
 Joe Dirt (2001)431) After being abandoned by his parents at the Grand Canyon, Joe Dirt tells the story of his journey to find his parents. Joe Dirt is a janitor with a mullet hairdo, acid-washed jeans and a dream to find the parents that he lost at the Grand Canyon when he was a belligerent, trailer park-raised eight-year-old. Now, blasting Van Halen in his jacked-up economy car, the irrepressibly optimistic Joe hits the road alone in search of his folks. As his wandering, misguided search takes him from one hilarious misadventure to another, Joe finds his way to Los Angeles, where a shock-jock brings Joe on his radio show to insult him. But as Joe's life story unfolds, jeers turn to cheers, and an entire captivated city tunes in to hear the adventures of Joe Dirt. Anonymous Joe's search for his family has him hittin' the road and keepin' it real with every lowlife he meets, including a sweet hottie, a janitor, and a psychotic cannibal with whom he has a brief interlude. Through it all, Joe keeps on truckin' . . . all the way to L.A., where a shock jock DJ targets Joe as the butt of his show. But Joe's plucky spirit encourages listeners to cheer him on and help him find a better family than the one he thought he wanted. Rock on! Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Joe Dirt (David Spade) is an irrationally optimistic, 30-ish, southern-rock and muscle-car-loving, mullet-sporting, lovable loser working as a janitor at an L.A. radio station. Finding Joe an irresistable target for his sarcastic on-air wit, a Howard Stern-like deejay named Zander Kelly (Dennis Miller), puts Joe on the air to tell his story. For three days Zander and a growing legion of listeners are surprised to find themselves captivated, delighted, and occasionally repelled by Joe's incredible tale of his search to find the parents who referred to him as "Joe Dirt" (rather than by his real last name, which he can no longer remember) and left him sitting in a garbage can at the Grand Canyon when he was 8 years old. Thorughout the film, the story reverts for short periods back to the KXLA studio for dialogue between Joe and Zander. Pivotal to Joe's story is the past relationship he reveals between himself and Brandy (Brittany Daniel), a beautiful farm girl from his adopted hometown of Silvertown, Idaho. Joe feels that Brandy and his dog, Charlie, were the only real friends he ever had. After living in and leaving a series of bizarre foster homes, Joe met Brandy one winter when he was living in the woods outside Silvertown and Charlie's testicles became frozen to the front porch of Brandy's house. Brandy helped Joe and Charlie and for the next few years the three spent most of their time together. Believing that Brandy is "too hot" to ever love a guy like him, Joe is blind to the fact that she obviously has very real feelings for him. Complicating their relationship is Brandy's alcoholic father (Joe Don Baker) and the local Trans-Am-driving bully, Robby (Kid Rock). Brandy's father kills Joe's dog after it fails in a Lassie-like mission to free the father when he gets stuck on railroad tracks, resulting in the loss of his leg. The death of Charlie causes Joe to feel that he needs to take up the search for his mother and father. Joe is certain they did not leave him intentionally and must be looking for him too. His travels take him first to a town where Joe gets a job wearing a sandwich board advertising a local dental clinic. As he is working, Joe meets a kind older woman (Angela Paton) who is just about to put a mint condition 1969 Plymouth Hemi GTX convertible for sale. Admiring her car Joe tells her part of his story. Having recently lost her abusive police sketch artist husband to a tragic "accident" ("I pushed him into the woodchipper," she whispers), she sells Joe the car for the change in his pockets. She also gives him the idea of hiring a sketch artist to make pictures of his parents to aid in his search. Before Joe can enjoy his dream car, he is sent to the roof of the dental clinic to secure a promotional hot air balloon. While Joe is in the balloon's basket, high winds cause the balloon to break free and Joe sails away. He is eventually knocked from the basket when it collides with an oil derrick in the Dakotas. Needing $360 to hire a sketch artist, Joe sees it as a cosmic sign that his search will succeed when he discovers the oil company is paying $360 dollars a week for work on the rig. Joe is a disaster as a rough neck and an outcast from the other workers, resulting in him being both fired after one week and beaten up by fellow worker Zeke (Lee Walker). Joe next spends the night in what he mistakenly believes is a circus tent. It is really a fumigation tent. The the next day, high on insecticide fumes, Joe wastes his $360 on sketches of what appear to be Father Time and serial killer Richard Ramirez. Joe next decides to locate his parents through the use of an "Indian tracker." On a local reservation he encounters and befriends Kicking Wing (Adam Beach), the young proprietor of an unsuccessful roadside fireworks stand and aspiring veterinarian. Joe, who it appears is quite an afficianado on the topic of fireworks, encourages Kicking Wing to diversify into more spectacular wares than the "snakes and sparklers" he currently offers. While at Kicking Wings, Joe discovers what he believes to be an atomic bomb and, strapping it to his back with duct tape, uses it to blackmail a Grand Canyon tour bus company out of its list of passengers on the day his parents left him at the canyon. Joe intends to use the list to find people with photos that might show him or his parents. Joe gets the lists but the "bomb" turns out to be an RV septic tank and Joe ends up covered in rotten sewage. Joe then goes to work for a traveling carnival as a means to travel the country tracking down people on the list. Back in the town from which he left in the balloon, he meets the seductive Jill (Jaime Pressley), a single mother who shares his affinity for southern rock, Hemis and mullets. Joe goes to the local impound yard to retrieve his GTX where a greasy attendant (Kevin Nealon) informs him the impound fee is over $3000. Unable to pay, Joe buys a rusty, fume-spewing 69 Dodge Daytona and informs Jill that his real car is unavailable because he's having a "footprint gas pedal installed." After making out with Jill, Joe discovers that she may actually be his long lost sister and he is faced with the decision of whether to go ahead and sleep with her. He discovers she is not in fact his sister and the rocking headboard indicates the two egage in some vigorous action. At this point the story reverts from the past to the present and Joe makes a phone call from the LA radio station to Brandy. He leaves a message on her machine saying, "Hey, Brandy, it's Joe. I'm out in L.A. They got me on the radio station telling my story to everybody. I didn't get to the sad part yet. I'm guessing you had reasons for doing what you did. And I guess I'm just calling to say goodbye. I miss you, Brandy." Joe then continues to tell his story to Zander. Joe leaves Jill to continue on his cross-country effort to track down every person on the bus list and look at their photos. This results in Joe being held prisoner in Indiana by "Buffalo Bob" a fishnet stocking weaing psychopath who intends to turn Joe's skin into an overcoat (ala "Silence of the Lambs"). Joe is rescued, and among Bob's photographs Joe discovers one which shows his parents' car with a Louisiana license plate. Joe goes to New Orleans and takes a job as a janitor at an elementary school. Here he meets fellow janitor Clem (Christopher Walken), whose past is a little unclear. When a student accidentally makes "killer mustard gas" and the class is nearly overcome, Clems rescues them. In a clear attempt to avoid the spotlight he tells everyone it was Joe. At the resulting news conference Joe tells reporters of his search for his parents and also reveals that it was actually Clem who was the hero. That night mafia hitmen arrive at Clem's house. Joe comes to the scene the next morning to find police removing the dead bodies of Clem and his attackers. As Joe mourns over the covered body of Clem, Clem reveals to Joe that he is not actually dead but is being relocated again as part of the Federal witness protection program. Joe takes a new job at an alligator farm and befriends the farm's owner (Rosanne Arquette) who inherited it from her parents when they were killed by a gator. She hates her life there and wishes a man would come along and take her away. Joe enthralls tourists with his death-defying act of placing his head into the mouth of a huge gator. This of course results in Joe nearly being eaten. As Joe is reviving from his encounter with the gator, he remembers that his real last name is "Nunamaker." With this final bit of information Joe learns his parents were from Baton Rouge. Joe arrives at his parents' home to find it condemned and abandoned. A backwoods Cajun (Blake Clark) tries to remind Joe that "home is where you make it," but Joe is unable to understand him through the thick accent. Joe is heart-broken. As he is lying on the ground staring at the moon he realizes he had a home in Silvertown with Brandy and that he needs to return. He calls her and gets the answering machine. He leaves a message saying he is returning, but the message is deleted by Robby. As Joe walks into Silvertown he is met by Robby and his toadies. Robby tells Joe that he is marrying Brandy and that Brandy found Joe's parents in California. He says Brandy doesn't want to see Joe. Joe doesn't beleive this but Robby shows Joe a note, signed by Brandy with X's and O's, saying she found Joe's parents but that Robby shouldn't tell Joe if he calls. Joe walks away pretending not to be crying while Robby continues to insult him. The scene returns to Zander Kelly's studio. Zander is incensed that Brandy would treat Joe that way and insists on getting Brandy on the phone. Brandy is put on the air and Zander confronts her about her note to Robby. Brandy admits she wrote it but only because she wanted to tell Joe in person, and months went by and Joe never came home. Brandy then tells Joe that his parents were killed the day they were at the Grand Canyon. She says Joe should come home to Silvertown and let her take care of him. Joe is next shown as having become a media sensation. Before returning to Silvertown he makes an appearance on the television show "TRL" with Carson Daly. While Joe is on TRL a women calls in and claims to be his mother. Joe believes the call is legitimate and he goes to a trailer in Simi Valley, CA, to meet his parents. Joe discovers that his mother (Caroline Aaron) and father (Fred Ward) are alive, but that they left him on purpose and have only contacted him to get publicity for their online business. Joe storms out of his parents' trailer. Joe threatens to kill himself by jumping off a bridge in LA. The crowd and police implore him to reconsider and to come down from the bridge railing. Joe says that he has no one and that everyone lies to him. Brandy arrives and Joe confronts her about lying to him about his parents' death. Brandy admits the lie but explains that after she met his parents and discovered what horrible people they were she wanted to protect Joe from them. Brandy expresses her love for Joe and her desire to marry him and start a family. At that moment Joe is roped by a policemen with a bungee cord. This causes Joe to fall off the bridge. The bungee cord breaks his fall, but as he rebounds he hits his head on the bridge and is knocked unconscious. Joe awakens in Silvertown to find Kicking Wing, Clem and the alligator farm owner all standing by his bed with Brandy. Kicking Wing has become a successful fireworks entrepeneur based on Joe's advice and Clem has taken a new name and been relocated to Silvertown. He and the farm owner are planning to be married. Brandy has also given Joe a surprising new haircut and bought a new dog, "Charlie II." Joe realizes he now has a loving family and real friends. The film ends with all five racing off in Joe's convertible, leaving Robby in a cloud of dust and gravel. 