nm0006617:

 Wolfsburg (2003)Summaries Philipp Gerber is a smart, but self-satisfied car salesman. In an inattentive moment at the wheel of his car, he runs over a young boy riding a bike and drives away. As he has feelings of guilt, he tries to find out more about the accident's victim and learns that the boy lies seriously injured in a hospital. Philipp wants to tell his mother Laura Reiser the truth, but he doesn't. After a carefree holiday with his girlfriend Katja, he learns that the boy is dead. Meanwhile, Laura staggers between grief and the desire for revenge. One evening, she can't bear it any more and jumps off a bridge, but Philipp saves her life... fippi2000 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Map of the Heart (2002)Summaries Katrin and Jrgen spend their holidays in Corsica. Katrin is in her mid-thirties, working as a tracer at Jrgen's company who suddenly remembers he's married -- but not with Kathrin. So they decide to end their vacation earlier than they had planned. Virtually a second before they start to drive back to the airport, Katrin takes her belongings out of Jrgens car again and lets him go. Now being alone for the remaining days of her vacation, Katrin finds herself more and more bewildered by the things that happened to her. She tries to calm herself down a bit by strolling around, visiting clubs and bars and discotheques, having a gentle one night stand with two men passing by, things like that... Then she meets Malte, a 17 year old criminal from Berlin, who is serving time in a reform camp. Malte falls in love with that friendly but sad and disappointed woman. It takes some time for Katrin to realize what's going on, then she feels more and more sympathy for that little bandit who, in a way, is a bit like her. Torn between Katrin and the camp, Malte causes more and more trouble, and in the end Katrin tries to help him escape from the island. But things end up differently. Claus Horn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Full Moon (1998)Summaries The day after the night of the full moon, 12 children all 10 years of age are found to be missing in the four language regions of Switzerland. The police and the media reassuringly claim that there are plenty of leads and clues. The day after the night of the full moon, 12 children all 10 years of age are found to be missing in the four language regions of Switzerland. The police and the media reassuringly claim that there are plenty of leads and clues. No kidnapper comes forward to contradict them. At the end of one week, all the parents receive the exact same letter from the children, written in cryptic language. By the next full moon they must have deciphered the letter and complied with all its requirements, or else... A dramatic-ironic tale that reveals the current state of Switzerland. Switzerland as a metaphor. Or: a plea for less logic and more imagination in our world. Ulf Kjell Gr It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 SwissLove (2002)Summaries The film consists of four stories with three episodes each, and a shared end. In the same span of time and action, and with the tones and pace of madcap comedy, each story tells the tale of protagonists coming from the four linguistic regions of the country. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 