nm0003793:

 Daring & Grace: Teen Detectives (2000 )Summaries The kids of a private detective in hiding run the detective agency in his absence. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Vendetta: No Conscience, No Mercy (2004)Summaries "Irish Eyes" explores the relationship between two Irish-American brothers in Boston born to immigrant parents and raised in a rough, working class Irish neighborhood. After watching their father being gunned down in front of their eyes as children, Thomas and Sean Phelan grow up building their lives on opposite ends of the law. Thomas, the studious and responsible brother, creates a better life for himself through education and hard, honest work. Eventually, he builds a successful career as a US Attorney. Sean, the more rebellious of the two, gets caught up in a life of crime and rises through the ranks to become the head of the Irish Mob. Spanning from post World War II during the late 1950's through the Irish Mob wars of the 1970's and culminating in their adulthood in the 1990's, the story is set to the backdrop of backroom politics and the realities of the Irish Mob and it's gang wars. The theme of the film simultaneously addresses the similarities between the two factions of law and crime while revealing the similarities between the two brothers. Julian Valdes In Boston, the Irish father of two boys is executed by the Italian mafia in front of the children when he was leaving home going to work. Each brother follows a path in the law seeking for revenge: Sean Phelan becomes a criminal and head of the Irish mob, and Thomas Phelan becomes a successful prosecutor. However, their relationship is almost impossible for both sides, leading to a tragic consequence. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 In Her Defense (1999)Summaries A lawyer has to defend his lover who's blamed for a murder he has commited himself... Lawyer Andrew Garfield has a love affair with Jane, a deaf woman. A day when Jane's husband comes home early and catches them, Andrew shoots him. The police think Jane killed her husband and wants Andrew to defend her in court. Now he has to defend her, without drawing suspicion upon himself, and at the same time, this may be the big case he needs to improve his career. Calle When Canadian attorney Andrew Garfield meets at an exhibition, deaf painter Jane Claire, who seems to be abused by her millionaire husband Noby Claire, his amateur knowledge of sign-language (for a former girlfriend) breaks the ice to what soon becomes a carnal affair. One evening, Noby catches them pants-down and attacks Andrew with a crow bar, so he shoots the husband with a gun he knew she hid there, and tries to dispose of the body. The police suspects Jane but Andrew manages to defend her brilliantly without coming forward as involuntary killer, earning him a fat check and enough publicity to be offered a partnership. However the murder on Frank Rutter, a former client who helped Andrew investigate, convinces him of a set-up suspecting to be used to get Jane the entire fortune, unlike the pittance in case of divorce provided by a prenuptial. There is another conspirator. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jericho Mansions (2003)Summaries A murder in an old apartment building leads the superintendent to suspect everyone, and eventually himself, of the murder. Leonard Grey has been the super of the apartment building Jericho Mansions owned by Lily Melnick for thirty years. Leonard is slow and agoraphobic, as well as having amnesia, and dedicates his leisure time to build a complex bridge with clips. When the husband of the landlady (Lily) dies and she receives a call from her sister that lives in Europe, Lily rebukes Leonard and tries to force him to be fired or arrested by the police, forging evidences that he is a thief. However, most of the dwellers like Leonard and he stays working in the building. When Bill Cherry, husband of the masseuse Donna Cherry and lover of Dolores O'Donell, is murdered in Jericho Mansions during the night, the police investigate. There are many suspects, including Dolores's betrayed husband Eugene; Lily and Leonard. However, Jericho Mansions hides a dark and cruel secret. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 