nm0011068:

 London's Burning (19882002)211) The lives of firefighters at Blackwall Fire Station. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based on the 1986 TV Movie of the same name written by Jack Rosenthal, London's Burning is a British drama series about the lives of members of the London Fire Brigade, most notably those of Blue Watch, a team of Firefighters based at the fictional Blackwall Fire Station. The series was broadcast on ITV between 1988 and 2002 for a total of 14 seasons. The early seasons (1-9) are generally considered to be the series' prime with the episodes consisting mainly of the camaraderie and high spirits of Blue Watch members and usually culminating in a "Shout" (A Brigade term for an Emergency Call) In 1998 at the start of Series 10 the show went into a decline, with a change to the iconic theme tune of the show and introducing a lot of new characters and killing off favourites which started with John Hallam in Series 9, Georgiadis (Series 11), Sicknote (Series 12) and finally Recall (Series 14). When they killed off Sicknote, he was the last character from the Pilot movie. Leaving George as the only character to remain in the show from the first series. Further changes included the direction of the show, taking the focus off Firefighting and the Job and by the end of series 14 it was more of a soap opera/melodrama of the characters lives with almost no shouts. The ratings of the show which had been consistently high during the 1990's fell drastically and In 2002, after 14 years and 171 episodes, Blue Watch responded to their last shout. London's Burning had come to a rather disappointing end. Popular and long running characters from the series include Station Officer Sidney Tate ( James Marcus ), Station Officer Nick 'Zorba' Georgiadis ( Andrew Kazamia ), Sub Officer John Hallam ( Sean Blowers ), Leading Firefighter Malcolm Cross ( Rupert Baker ), Leading Firefighter Geoff 'Poison' Pearce ( Michael Garner ), Firefighter Leslie 'Charisma' Appleby ( Gerard Horan ), Firefighter Bert 'Sicknote' Quigley ( Richard Walsh ), Firefighter Josie Ingham ( Katharine Rogers ), Firefighter Kate Stevens ( Samantha Beckinsale ), Firefighter Colin Parrish ( Steve North ), Mess Manager Mike 'Bayleaf' Wilson ( James Hazeldine ), Firefighter Stuart 'Recall' Mackenzie ( Ben Onwukwe ) and the longest running character in the show, Firefighter George Green ( Glen Murphy ). 
 The Bletchley Circle (20122014)Summaries In 1952, four women who worked at the wartime code-breaking centre, Bletchley Park, reunite to track down a serial killer. During WWII, men and women working at Bletchley Park played a vital role, breaking the codes used by the German military. Nine years later, former codebreaker Susan is a housewife and mother, but she continues to recognize patterns that surround her in everyday life. When a series of women are brutally murdered around London, Susan sees a pattern emerging. However, when a police-search for what Susan believes to be an overlooked victim turns up nothing, she realizes she cannot solve this puzzle alone. Enlisting three former Bletchley Park colleagues: Millie, Lucy, and Jean; Susan knows they have little time to break this code before the killer strikes again. L. Hamre It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Love Me Still (2008)211) As the result of an armed robbery Mickey Ronson has served eight years in prison, leaving his wife Gemma and their child Lucy to cope on their own. As the time of Mickey's release draws near he can't wait to get back to his family and continue on with their lives. He plans a surprise for his loved ones by keeping the date a secret from all but his sister. Not long before he gets out, Mickey's brother Bobby gets involved with Gemma and Lucy on the pretence of helping them out. But Bobby has his own agenda and the events that ensue change all of their lives forever. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. People might initially think Guy Ritchie, because of the crime and the English accents, but it's more Scorcese in his early Mean Streets days. Bleak, realistic, unforgiving, and deep down terribly sympathetic, this film is an achievement that few directors ever reach. A joy to watch. 
 The Murder Game (2003 )Summaries Interactive murder mystery game show which ten ordinary people compete to track down a fictional killer in a town filled with improvisational actors playing the suspects and witnesses using real life detective skill's. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 