nm0011435:

 Walker, Texas Ranger (19932001)Summaries Walker and his partner Trivette are Texas Rangers. They make it their business to battle crime in Dallas and all around the Great State of Texas. Cordell Walker is a veteran Texas Ranger who protects Dallas from the bad guys and believes in dealing with them the old fashioned way (fighting them). He also works on instincts from the childhood he lived on an Indian Reservation with his uncle Ray, after the death of his parents. James Trivette is his partner, a former player for the Dallas Cowboys football team and uses the modern approach to crime solving, such as computers and cellular phones, disbelieving in Walker's methods. Both are helped by Walker's mentor and former partner, retired Ranger C.D. Parker, who owns a bar and grill, specialized in Western cuisine and Country-Western themes, and gives Walker advice on some cases. And all of them work for Assistant District Attorney Alex Cahill, a beautiful, strong and brilliant Texas lady who watches that Walker and Trivette don't break the rules for catching the bad guys. Chockys Texas Ranger Cordell Walker, one of the last old-fashioned heroes of the West, is a protective friend but a relentless foe who will stop at nothing to bring a criminal to justice. Walker works on instinct, often drawing on the traditions of his Native American ancestors. His partner, James Trivette, has a more modern approach to crime-solving. C.D. Parker, a retired Ranger, and Alex Cahill, the county assistant district attorney who shares a mutual attraction with Walker, support the Rangers in their battle to serve justice. DANIEL It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ring of Steel (1994)Summaries A champion fencer accidentally kills an opponent in a match. Disgraced, he is blackballed from the fencing community, until a mysterious stranger saves his life one night from a gang of muggers. He soon finds himself caught up in the world of underground illegal swordfights, where combatants fight to the death. frankfob2@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Slaughter of the Innocents (1993)Summaries A seasoned F.B.I. Agent's child-genius son assists him on catching a child-killer, a schizophrenic mohab nut who believes he's been chosen by god to be a new Noah. Fast plot about a mohab nut who thinks he is Noah and collects two of every living thing. Detective Broderick, with help from his teenage son, gather evidence and find the ghastly horror of this schizophrenic man who kills and kidnaps for his so assumed god. Nebiros <nebiros@informador.com.mx> After a double child homicide is blamed on a solitary orphaned loner, A seasoned Fed believes the police have the wrong man. After the 'convicted' suspect is executed. A murder of a store clerk and then a child kidnapping occurs which mirrors the child homicide. Despite The fed's claims, no one believes him, other than his child-genius son who sets out on his own investigation to help his father expose and stop the true double child murderer, who's long time religious abuse and torture has driven him into being convinced he's on a fanatical crusade to build a new ark for an upcoming apocalyptic flood. [worth catching to see a before they were famous and thus unrecognizable Aaron Eckhart, Kevin Sorbo and Armin Shimerman] suspicous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tough and Deadly (1995 Video)Summaries Elmo Freech is a private investigator and was contracted by John Portland, a CIA agent who suffers amnesia, in oder to reveale a dubious case of drug smuggling in which are involved big fishes of the CIA and from Washington. Volker Boehm It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 