nm0011398:

 Double Take (2001)Summaries A man on the run takes another man's passport, only to find himself stuck with the identity of a street hustler. The governor of a Mexican state is assassinated. Soon after, junior executive Daryl Chase's life turns upside down: after he flags a huge transfer of funds from a Mexican account as probably illegal, he's attacked in his apartment, rescued by a CIA agent, finds his secretary shot dead, and witnesses two cops get killed. He calls the CIA guy who tells him to grab the next train to Mexico. Leaving Manhattan, Daryl can't shake a jive-talking street punk named Freddy, and soon he's traded clothes with Freddy to escape the police. Within days, his girlfriend, his boss, his client, Freddy, the FBI, and the dead governor's dog are tangled in a web of deceit and danger. Who's who? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Napoleon Dynamite (2004)651) A listless and alienated teenager decides to help his new friend win the class presidency in their small western high school, while he must deal with his bizarre family life back home. Preston, Idaho's most curious resident, Napoleon Dynamite, lives with his grandma and his 32-year-old brother (who cruises chat rooms for ladies) and works to help his best friend, Pedro, snatch the Student Body President title from mean teen Summer Wheatley. Anonymous Young teenager Napolen Dynamite tries to find his place in the world by helping Pedro win the school election, getting down with the ladies at the school dance, and helping his curious brother Kip find his place in the world with hot babes and Rex Kwon Do. Jacob Richardson Sporting a hideous haircut, Preston, Idaho's gangly, bespectacled, sixteen-year-old loser, Napoleon Dynamite, actually thinks he is too cool for school. But, when he is not locking horns with his thirtysomething chat-room addict brother, Kip, or trying to avoid Uncle Rico, who's still living in the past, Napoleon whiles away the time doodling mythical creatures. Then, Napoleon's life becomes complicated, as two unexpected friends enter the picture: the budding photographer, Deb, and Pedro, the quiet school newcomer who wants to run for high school president. Would you vote for Pedro? Nick Riganas Napoleon Dynamite, a lovable, unpopular high school age guy who just wants to fit in. There's Deb, the girl who keeps showing up with her crap on the front porch. There's Kip, Napoleon's geek brother who's searching for love. There's Rico, Napoleon's jock uncle who just seems to want to ruin Napoleon's life. And then Pedro shows up. The new kid in town. He's from Mexico, he has an awesome bike, and he's the only kid in school with a mustache. When Napoleon befriends Pedro, and Pedro decides to run for class president, Napoleon gets his chance to show his stuff and prove that he's got nothing to prove. Isaac Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Napoleon (Jon Heder) starts his school day by riding the bus. To entertain himself he sends a superhero figure out the window attached by fishing line to surf on the street behind the bus. At school he shares his current event with the class, plays tetherball, talks about hunting wolverines in Alaska with a frickin' 12 gauge, and gets bullied. He then calls home and asks his brother Kip (Aaron Ruell) to bring him some chapstick. Kip is too busy with his nachos to comply. Napoleon then meets the new kid at school Pedro (Efren Ramirez). Napolean and Pedro go to Pedro's house to take Pedros bike on some sweet jumps. Upon arriving home Grandma tells Kip and Napoleon that shes going away for a day. They convince her that they do not need a babysitter. We find out that Kip is training to become a cage fighter. Napoleon answers the door and finds Deb (Tina Majorino) offering 75% off of Glamour Shots by Deb, as well as selling boondoggle key chains to save money for college. Kip says, your mom goes to college, which upsets Deb and she runs off, leaving all her stuff on Napoleons porch. Kip sees an ad for Rex Kwon Do on the tv and asks Napoleon to pull him into town. They attend the orientation for Rex Kwon Do only to decide it was a rip-off. At school the next day, Napoleon and the Happy Hands Club, a sign language group, give a performance in front of their class. Pedro decides he will ask Summer Wheatly to the dance. Napoleon sees Deb and tells her that her stuff is in her locker and she should take it because he cant fit his nunchucks in there anymore. We see grandma riding an ATV on the sand dunes and have an accident. That evening while Napoleon is feeding the family llama Tina, Uncle Rico (Jon Gries) shows up and informs them that Grandma has broken her coccyx and he will be taking care of them until she returns. Uncle Rico shows Napoleon and Kip a video of him throwing footballs. Uncle Rico reminisces about his glory days. Kip and Rico go to Big J's restaurant and discuss Rico's break up with his girlfriend and Kip's blossoming online romance. They also talk about a money making scheme that Rico has in the works. Pedro and Napoleon deliver a cake to Summer's house as Pedro's invite to the dance. Back at home, Kip and Rico discuss acquiring a time machine online so that Rico can go back to 1982. They also discuss the money making scheme which involves nylon polymer. They decide they need badges and so go to Deb's to get some photos taken. Pedro gets Summer's rejection letter and also receives an acceptance letter from Deb, who Pedro had invited without Napoleon knowing. Pedro tells Napoleon to draw a picture of the girl he wants to invite to the dance. He draws a picture of Trisha, who happens to be Summer's best friend. When he goes to give the picture to Trisha, Uncle Rico is there trying to sell her mother a 24 piece set. Uncle Rico tells Trisha's mom that he wets the bed. Trisha's mom takes pity and tells Trisha she is going to the dance with Napoleon. Napoleon spends a day at a chicken farm for the Future Farmers of America. They eat eggs. Back at home he gets the call from Trisha accepting his invitation to the dance. Pedro says he really needs to get a suit so they go to the thrift store and buy an awesome one. Uncle Rico is going to drive Napoleon to the dance but needs to stop and finalize a sale first. Napoleon gets tired of waiting and starts running to Trisha's but gets picked up by Pedro's cousins with all the sweet hook-ups. They go to the dance and Trisha ditches Napoleon for Summer but Pedro lets Napoleon dance with Deb, who is wearing a dress with sleeves that are real big. While they are dancing Pedro sees that the elections for class president are coming up. Napoleon later convinces Pedro that he should run for class president. Napoleon arrives at home to find that Uncle Rico's time machine has arrived. He tries it out but it only electrocutes him. Uncle Rico has already figured out that it doesnt work. Napoleon and Pedro do well at their FFA meeting with Napoleon being an expert whole milk taster and Pedro a fantastic dairy cow assessor. Back at school they find out Summer is running for president. Pedro gets hot and has to go home. Back at Big J's, Kip reveals to Uncle Rico that he believes his internet romance may be his soul mate. Her name is LaFawnduh and she is coming out from Detroit. Uncle Rico has a new product for them to sell. We find out that when Pedro got hot he shaved his head and now he doesn't want anyone to see so now he wears his hood tight on his head. Deb and Napoleon take him to the thrift store where they pick the wig that looks like a medieval warrior which Deb proclaims matches Pedro's season. With his confidence back, Pedro starts his presidential campaign by hanging up posters and handing out boondoggle key chains. Summer can't believe his nerve. Napoleon sees a nerd in distress and offers him a boondoggle saying, "Pedro offers you his protection". Next time this nerd is in distress Pedro's cousins scare away the attacker. Kip meanwhile meets LaFawnduh at the bus station, and Uncle Rico gives Summer and Trisha flyers for his new product Bust Must +, a breast enlargement pill. Napoleon later finds that his locker has been plastered with Bust Must + flyers. Kip and LaFawnduh are getting along well and LaFawnduh gives kip a huge sparkling necklace. Napoleon attacks Uncle Rico's van with a grapefruit. Pedro has a piata of Summer as lunchtime entertainment. At the thrift store once again, Napoleon finds a VHS tape of D-Qwons Dance Grooves. Pedro gets a lecture from the school principal about making a piata in the likeness of his opponent. Napoleon goes home and learns his dance moves from D-Qwon. He meets LaFawnduh, who gives him a cassette tape to listen to that her cousin made. Kip is now a changed man thanks to LaFawnduh. Uncle Rico tries to sell Bust Must + to Deb, saying Napoleon thought she would want some. Deb calls Napoleon and tells him off. Napoleon tells Uncle Rico to leave because he is ruining everyone's lives and eating all of their steak. Uncle Rico goes to Rex Kwon Dos house to sell Bust Must + to his wife, Starla. Rex walks in and breaks Rico's arm. At school the presidential speeches commence with Summer doing a skit with the Happy Hands Club, sans Napoleon and the fat girl. Pedro and Napoleon find out that a skit is expected and since they don't have one prepared Pedro loses hope and gives a pathetic speech. Napoleon thinks quick and gives the tape LaFawnduh gave him to the A/V guy. He uses the moves he learned from D-Qwon to wow the whole audience and receives a standing ovation. Kip gets on a bus with LaFawnduh, Grandma returns from the hospital, Ricos ex-girlfriend shows up at his van, and Pedro wins the presidency. Deb has forgiven Napoleon and shows up on the playground. Napoleon tells her he caught her a delicious bass and they play a game of tetherball, which Napoleon wins by cheating. 2 Months Later is the wedding of Kip and LaFawnduh. Napoleon is absent. Kip sings LaFawnduh a love song which gets interrupted when Napoleon shows up on a horse. He proclaims that he just finished taming a wild honeymoon stallion for the newlyweds. He asks Deb to take a picture of him on the horse. Kip and LaFawnduh ride off together and Napoleon is speechless but for one word..........lucky. 
 Most High (2004)Summaries Set against the backdrop of crystal meth abuse, Most High is a painfully intimate examination of a young man in crisis. Drugs are incidental. Nonjudgmental yet brutally honest, Most High explores cause rather than effect. It forces us to reflect upon our own vices, whatever they may be, and ask ourselves what we are trying to avoid by indulging in them. secondactfilms@msn.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Local Color (2006)Summaries A successful artist looks back with loving memories on the summer of his defining year, 1974. A talented but troubled 18-year-old aspiring artist befriends a brilliant elderly alcoholic painter who has turned his back on not only art but life. The two form what appears to be at first a tenuous relationship. The kid wants to learn all the secrets the master has locked away inside his head and heart. Time has not been kind to the old master. His life appears pointless to him until the kid rekindles his interest in his work and ultimately gives him the will to live. Together, they give one another a priceless gift. The kid learns to see the world through the master's eyes. And the master learns to see life through the eyes of innocence again. This story is based on a real life experience. George Gallo An young boy, whose only interest is in painting, is excited to meet an old-aged renowned painter. Despite harsh behavior of the painter, the young wants him to be his teacher. The painter agrees. Both travel to countryside. But it turns out be a bitter experience for the young. The teacher not only hates his own subject, but also lost hope in life by his wife's demise many years ago. The turning point happens during their visit to a children home where the teacher relishes himself in teaching physically challenged students. The young then realizes that art in the teacher is still alive but hates it merely due to its present trends. The rest of the story is about how the duo learn a valuable lesson from each other. cherukupally srikanth In 1974, in the suburb of Port Chester, New York, an aspiring teenage artist named John Talia has a troubled relationship with his deeply insecure father who does not understand his talent. While visiting his friend Yammi, John finds that the genius Russian painter Nicoli Seroff lives nearby, and he decides to pay a visit to his hero. John finds a bitter alcoholic elder who still grieves the loss of his wife Anya many years ago, but he successfully befriends the master. When Nicoli travels to the countryside in Pennsylvania for the summer, he invites John to go with him to teach him how to paint. Then John meets Nicoli's neighbor Carla, who grieves over the loss of her son, and the arrogant critic of art and Nicolai's friend Curtis Sunday. During their vacation, the teacher-student relationship between Nicoli and John improves their individual lives. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 