nm0007321:

 Transformers: The Last Knight (2017)651) A deadly threat from Earth's history reappears and a hunt for a lost artifact takes place between Autobots and Decepticons, while Optimus Prime encounters his creator in space. Optimus Prime finds his dead home planet, Cybertron, in which he comes to find he was responsible for its destruction. He finds a way to bring Cybertron back to life, but in order to do so, Optimus needs to find an artifact that is on Earth. Humans and Transformers are at war, Optimus Prime is gone. The key to saving our future lies buried in the secrets of the past, in the hidden history of Transformers on Earth. Saving our world falls upon the shoulders of an unlikely alliance: Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg), Bumblebee, an English Lord (Sir Anthony Hopkins) and an Oxford Professor (Laura Haddock). ahmetkozan Three years after Optimus Prime left Earth, the Autobots are still a world threat and they are at war with the Decepticons. Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg) finds a Talisman given from a dying Transformer. However, the U.S. Military and the Decepticons find Cade and the Autobots and are now on the run again. Cade meets a Transformer known as Cogman and tells him and Bumblebee to head to London with him. They meet with an English Lord known as Sir Edmund Burton (Sir Anthony Hopkins) and head to a Cybertronian Knights ship underwater. They encounter Optimus Prime, but he's now evil and his master is Quintessa. Quintessa's intention is to collide Cybertron and Earth so Cybertron can begin again. and it's up to Cade, an English professor known as Vivian Wembley (Laura Haddock), Sir Edmund Burton, Cogman, Bumblebee and the rest of the Autobots to save the world. ahmetkozan In 484 A.D., King Arthur (Liam Garrigan) and his knights fight a losing battle against the Saxons. Elsewhere, Merlin (Stanley Tucci) approaches the Knights of Iacon, a group of Transformers hiding on Earth, to help win the war. They hand him an alien staff, before transforming together into Dragonstorm and turn the tide of the battle, but warn Merlin that a great evil will come for the staff. In the present, a year after the Hong Kong uprising, Optimus Prime crash-lands on Cybertron and meets his alleged creator Quintessa. She blames him for Cybertron's destruction and brainwashes him into helping to gain Merlin's staff, which can absorb Earth's energy to restore Cybertron. Optimus is renamed Nemesis Prime. Earth is revealed to be the slumbering Unicron, the ancient enemy of Cybertron and whose horns are emerging across the planet. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This fifth Transformers film opens in England during the Dark Ages. King Arthur (Liam Garrigan) and his knights are all in the middle of an epic battle, but their side is losing and being crushed by gigantic fireballs. Arthur awaits his last hope, his chief adviser and wizard Merlin (Stanley Tucci), to save them. The other knights dismiss Merlin as nothing more than a drunk. After downing his drink, Merlin finds a Cybertronian Knight and asks for his help in the fight. The Knight presents Merlin with a powerful staff that will allow him to control Dragonstorm. Merlin wields the staff, which brings Dragonstorm down to help Arthur and his army lay waste to their enemies. In the present day, Optimus Prime (voice of Peter Cullen) has been lost in his mission to seek out his creators. He is seen floating through space while frozen. On planet Earth, the Transformers have been deemed illegal since the battle in Hong Kong (in the fourth film). Most of the Autobots have gone into hiding, with Topspin hiding out somewhere in Cuba with Agent Simmons (John Turturro). The Transformers Reaction Force, led by Santos (Santiago Cabrera), has been active for the last few years to eliminate any Transformers they come across. A NASA engineer (Tony Hale) detects something heading toward Earth in a matter of three days. It's the planet Cybertron. In Chicago, a group of kids run toward the city's ruins and find a pod containing a Cybertronian Knight. Moments later, a TRF sentinel stomps around and attacks the kids. The sentinel is destroyed by an Autobot named Canopy, belonging to a young girl named Izabella (Isabela Moner), who also takes care of a little Autobot named Sqweeks (voice of Reno Wilson). A TRF drone then strikes Canopy down. Despite Izabella pleading with Canopy to stay strong, he dies. Bumblebee then arrives to take out the drone. He is followed by Cade Yeager (Mark Wahlberg), who has been in hiding for siding with the Autobots. Not long after, Santos and his men show up to try and apprehend Cade. Bumblebee splits himself into multiple pieces to fight back against the TRF agents. Cade then has Santos pinned to the ground with a gun aimed at him, but he is stopped by William Lennox (Josh Duhamel), who now works with TRF. Lennox talks Cade out of doing anything to Santos. After their confrontation, Cade goes to the Knight in his pod. The Knight dies, but not before giving Cade a talisman that grants him a special power. Meanwhile, the Decepticon Barricade has witnessed all this while disguised as a police cruiser. Optimus crash-lands in what's left of Cybertron. He is held down by the Infernocons. Optimus is approached by Quintessa (voice of Gemma Chan), who is apparently one of Cybertron's creators. Optimus tries to go after her, but she is able to hold him back as they both claim that the other has betrayed their fellow Transformers. Quintessa has Optimus under her control, and she tells him that Earth is really a disguised form of Cybertron's great enemy Unicron. She corrupts Optimus and tells him that in order for Cybertron to live, Earth must be destroyed. Quintessa uses this to give Optimus a chance at redemption, which he accepts. Back on Earth, Lennox reports to his superior, General Morshower (Glenn Morshower), about the impending impact with Cybertron. They learn that the newly-resurrected Megatron (voice of Frank Welker) is seeking the talisman that Cade has. The TRF reluctantly makes a deal with Megatron to release his fellow Decepticons from an underground prison. Megatron requests Mohawk, Nitro Zeus, and Onslaught. Megatron also requests Dreadbot and Berserker, but the TRF thinks they are too risky to be let out. In England, Oxford professor Viviane Wembley (Laura Haddock) is playing a game with her colleagues and she wins, but is frequently reminded by her male colleagues, plus her mother and mother's friends, that she's single. Viviane leads a tour in an Arthurian museum, telling her students about the lore and myth surrounding these stories, and bluntly saying that it's all bullshit. Cade goes to a junkyard where his friend Jimmy (Jerrod Carmichael) is helping him hide the Autobots - Hound (voice of John Goodman), Drift (voice of Ken Watanabe), Crosshairs (voice of John DiMaggio), Wheelie (voice of Tom Kenny), Daytrader (voice of Steve Buscemi), and Grimlock. Jimmy complains that Grimlock is hard to handle. Cade has been followed by Izabella and Sqweeks. Although Cade tries to turn her away, she tells him that she has nowhere to go because Decepticons killed her family, so all she had were Canopy and Sqweeks, and now Canopy is dead. Cade allows her to stay. He then goes to call his daughter Tessa (Nicola Peltz) while she is at college, but he is unable to speak for fear that he may be found by TRF. Tessa tells him that she is fine and that she loves him, but also that he needs to find himself a girlfriend. Megatron and his goons arrive at the junkyard to find the talisman and kill the Autobots. The Autobots come out of hiding and start fighting the Decepticons. Onslaught and Mohawk are both quickly blasted to pieces. As Cade runs away, he is found by a small humanoid Transformer named Cogman (Jim Carter). He is looking for Cade but nearly loses him when Cade is attacked by a drone. He still gets Cade to go with him eventually. Viviane is taken by the Autobot Hot Rod (Omar Sy) to the mansion of Sir Edmund Burton (Anthony Hopkins), where she also meets Cade and Cogman. Burton explains to Cade and Viviane the legacy of the Witwiccan Order, having started since the time of King Arthur. Throughout history, the Transformers have been working in the background to help humanity, and the Witwiccans (including Sam Witwicky) have been doing their part to keep the Transformers protected. In a flashback, we see the Transformers helping American soldiers fight against the Nazis in World War II. Burton also mentions the Staff of Merlin, which only a descendant of Merlin's can wield. He reveals to Viviane that she is the last descendant, and her father had kept this a secret from her up until his death. She needs to wield it to prevent something catastrophic from hitting Earth. Burton then explains the talisman, which has wrapped itself around Cade. It chose him because it considers him an honorable man. TRF agents show up and force everyone out of Burton's mansion. Hot Rod holds them off for a brief moment by trapping them in a time-contained bubble. Cade, Viviane, Cogman, Burton, and Bumblebee locate the old submarine HMS Alliance with the help of Simmons (who wants to be an honorary member of the Order) to help them locate the Staff. They are taken to the bottom of the ocean where they find a machine and the Staff in a chamber of Knights. The Knight Skullitron awakens and attacks everyone. The other Knights rise and start to fight just as TRF soldiers show up as well. Viviane goes for the Staff, which brings the machine up to the surface. Optimus shows up to take the Staff and give it to Quintessa so that she can activate the machine and use it to take Earth's core energy and transfer it to Cybertron, which would fry all human life. Optimus then fights Bumblebee while still under Quintessa's control. Before Optimus can strike a fatal blow, Bumblebee's voice comes back at the most convenient time to snap Optimus out of his control and remind him who he really is. Although Optimus is good again, the other Knights attempt to attack for his attempted betrayal. Cade steps in with the talisman, which (somehow) gives him the power to wield Excalibur. The Knights yield to Cade. The final battle comes to Stonehenge, where Megatron and Quintessa initiate their attack on Earth. Cybertron begins to tear through various parts of Earth. The TRF decide to join forces with the Autobots. Also arriving to the fight are Jimmy, Izabella, and the rest of the Autobots. In the chaos, Megatron kills Burton, who dies with Cogman by his side. As the heroes attempt to stop the machine, Quintessa sends out the Infernocons and a massive gun shooting at them. Lennox tries to pull everyone back as it is way too risky. Izabella sends Sqweeks out to destroy the gun, giving everyone a chance to fight. The Infernocons go after Optimus, but he decapitates all of them with one swift motion. Within Cybertron, the Autobots fight against Megatron while Viviane attempts to regain the Staff. Optimus chops off Megatron's arm before he kills again, and then Optimus kicks Megatron out and sends him plummeting back to Earth. Viviane nearly falls to her doom but Hot Rod freezes time again and helps her get closer to the Staff. Optimus confronts Quintessa, who holds him back again until Bumblebee comes from behind and seemingly destroys her. Viviane then takes control of the Staff and stops the machine, saving the Earth. Earth is saved once again. Cade and Viviane make plans to go on a date, and Cade takes Izabella in so she can have a real family again. Optimus sends a call to all Autobots as he realizes that Earth has been and always will be his home. During the closing credits, a team of scientists are gathered around a site. Quintessa is alive and takes a human disguise to approach one of them, saying she has a way to destroy Unicron. We then see what appears to be a massive mechanical horn sticking out of the ground. 
 A Quiet Place (2018)431) In a post-apocalyptic world, a family is forced to live in silence while hiding from monsters with ultra-sensitive hearing. In a devastated Earth overrun by invincible predators of a possible extraterrestrial origin, the Abbotts find themselves the Abbotts find themselves struggling to survive in the isolation of upstate New York, defined by a new era of utter silence. Indeed, as this new type of invader is attracted to noise, even the slightest of sounds can be deadly; however, it's been already twelve months since the powerful monsters' first sightings, and this resilient family still stands strong. Of course, learning the rules of survival in this muted dystopia is essential; nevertheless, now, of all times, an otherwise joyous event puts in jeopardy the already fragile stability. And now, more than ever, the Abbotts must not make a sound. Nick Riganas The story of the young Abbott family is told starting on day eighty-nine of their ordeal. Unaware if anyone else on Earth is still alive besides them, they have to remain as silent as possible under most circumstances, which means no speaking, to evade deadly and seemingly indestructible armored creatures which track their targets solely by sound and which have led to the Abbotts' solitary existence. This existence is made all the more difficult for eldest offspring Regan in being deaf and thus unable to gauge the issue of sound, which is why father, Lee, is constantly trying to devise ways to upgrade her cochlear implant if only for her survival. Under these circumstances, the family tries as best it can to lead as normal a life as possible with devised safeguards to protect them despite anything that may happen to them potentially to throw them off this routine of mock normalcy and survival. Through this ordeal, they also try to learn as much as they can about the creatures in the hope of someday being able to destroy them to regain their lives. For parents Lee and Evelyn, the first priority is protecting the children at all cost, which the children may not always see or understand especially concerning the day eighty-nine incident. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Day 89 Amid the many, tattered missing persons fliers; a family quietly tiptoes barefoot through an empty store of a ghost town. The family's mother, Evelyn Abbott (Emily Blunt), carefully looks through a cluster of uncollected prescription bottles for her eldest son, Marcus (Noah Jupe), who is sick. Evelyn gives Marcus some medication and uses sign language to reassure her Deaf daughter, Regan (Millicent Simmonds), that her brother is okay. Regan then checks on her younger brother, Beau (Cade Woodward), who is drawing a picture of a rocket on the floor. He signs to Regan, "Rocket. That's how we'll get away.", then climbs the mostly empty shelves and reaches for a space shuttle toy. The toy falls from the shelf, but Regan scrambles to catch it before it hits the floor. Meanwhile, the family's father, Lee Abbott (John Krasinski), has scavenged some electronics for a radio which will boost its signal as well as some cutting pliers for Regan. Evelyn signs to her family that "It'll be dark soon" and they prepare to leave when looks of horror come across their faces. Beau has the electronic space shuttle toy in his hands which Lee carefully takes from him removing its 2 AA batteries. He signs to his youngest son, "It's too loud." As the family departs, Regan sneaks the toy back to Beau who then grabs the batteries on his way out. The Abbotts silently walk back home on a trail of sand they've created. As they come to a walking bridge, they suddenly hear the electronic sound of the space shuttle toy from Beau who is pulling up the rear. A horrified Lee races back toward his son, but it's too late, an alien creature quickly seizes and kills Beau. Day 472 The Abbotts are home on their family farm. Lee is in the basement of the farm house where he has set up an extensive surveillance system of cameras and monitors as well as his radio and electronics which he uses in the hope of contacting any other survivors. There are also scores of various news clippings which report of an alien invasion, as well as notes from Lee that read, "blind", "attack sound", and "armour". Evelyn, meanwhile, is in a cellar where she hangs a mobile she has crafted. Evelyn is pregnant. She sets up an oxygen tank which is connected to an infant breathing mask. It sits next to a covered, sound-proof baby crib. Lee has moved up to the top of his grain silo where he looks through pictures of Beau. Evelyn asks Regan to tell her father that dinner is ready, which she reluctantly does. After silent prayer, they eat quiet foods on leaves of lettuce instead of plates. Afterwards, Regan and Marcus play Monopoly when he accidentally knocks over a lantern which sets the rug on fire. Lee quickly puts it out, and they quietly wait for the consequences. It seems as though they've dodged a bullet but then hear a loud noise on the roof. Lee looks out the window and is startled, but relieved, to see a raccoon fall from the roof. He heads down into the basement to work on a cochlear implant processor which will help his daughter hear. Evelyn comes down where they share a smile and a set of ear buds as they slow dance to Neil Young's Harvest Moon. Day 473 While Lee is pouring down more sand on their walking paths, Evelyn is in the cellar checking her blood pressure. Her due date is just a couple weeks away. She places a stethoscope to her abdomen revealing a strong, healthy heartbeat. Regan enters the house being careful to walk only on the marked parts of the floor which don't creek and wants to go down into the basement, but her dad stops her. He has added small amplifiers from a stereo to her new cochlear implant processor and wants to put them on Regan, but she stops him and signs that they never work. Lee, disheartened, hands them to her instead and starts to set out on an excursion. He wants Marcus to come with him, but the boy is scared and doesn't want to go. Instead, it's Regan who wants to go, but Lee tells her to stay and take care of her mom. She runs to her room and tries on the new cochlear implant processor. When they don't work, she's devastated. Regan packs a bag which includes her cutting pliers and a wrapped object from her dresser, then leaves the farm. Lee has taken his son to the river where he teaches him that making small sounds is okay as long as louder sounds are nearby. Next to a waterfall they can speak freely to each other w/out fear of being heard. Marcus asks his dad why he didn't let Regan come and if he blames her for what happened to Beau, because she blames herself. When Lee says it was no one's fault, Marcus tells him if he still loves her, he should tell her. During this conversation, Regan has arrived at the walking bridge where a makeshift memorial has been constructed for Beau. She unwraps the object from her dresser which we discover is the space shuttle toy, then uses the pliers to cut a wire which enables the toy to light up w/out making any noise. Back at home, Evelyn is carrying a laundry bag up from the basement when it gets snagged on the stairs. She manages to pull it loose causing her to fall and exposing the point of a nail sticking up from the stair. On the way back home, Lee and Marcus are startled by an old man coming out of the woods, and then notice the dead body of his wife on the ground nearby. Lee implores the old man to stay silent, but instead he lets out a primal scream. Lee grabs Marcus and runs as the man is quickly scooped up and killed by an alien. Back home, Evelyn's water breaks. She heads down to the basement and impales her foot on the exposed nail coming up from the stair. She manages not to scream out, but drops the picture frames she was holding which draws an alien into the house. Evelyn pulls her foot off the nail, switches on the red light-bulbs which run across the property and serve as a warning signal, and searches the shelves for a mechanical kitchen timer. The alien slowly walks down the stairs into the basement listening for any evidence of life. When the timer goes off, the alien attacks it as Evelyn runs upstairs. She sees another alien in the front yard. Evelyn goes upstairs into the bathroom and sinks into the tub. She's starting to give birth as the alien comes upstairs. Lee has returned home and is horrified to see that the red lights have been switched on. He signs the word "rocket" to his son. Then tells him, "I need you to make a sound louder. You can do it." Lee grabs his shotgun as Marcus sprints to a designated area and lights a fuse which sets off a series of fireworks. Lee searches the house and walks into the bathroom where he sees an empty bathtub covered in his wife's blood. He starts to weep believing Evelyn is dead, then discovers that she is safe and hiding in the shower w/ their new baby boy. Marcus, meanwhile, is walking back toward the house when he hears an alien. He makes a run for it into the cornfield, but runs straight into a tractor wheel, knocking himself unconscious. Regan has returned home and notices the beam of Marcus' flashlight coming out from the cornfield, but cannot hear the alien coming up behind her. But as the alien moves closer, Regan's cochlear implant processor starts producing a high-pitched feedback which distresses the alien causing it to run off. Regan finds Marcus and they retreat to the top of the grain silo. Lee has taken Evelyn to the cellar and placed his new son into the sound-proof crib. Evelyn thinks about Beau and regrets that she didn't carry him on that fateful day, then, before getting some much needed sleep, makes Lee promise that he will protect their children. Lee leaves to look for the kids as we see water rushing down into the cellar. Later, Evelyn wakes to find that the cellar has flooded. On top of this, an alien has climbed down inside the room, and the baby is sleeping in the sound-proof crib but the top is open. Evelyn carefully picks up her baby and slinks to the back of the cellar behind the waterfall flooding the room. On top of the silo, Marcus signs, "Don't worry, he'll come for us." but Regan shakes her head replying, "He'll come for you." All of a sudden a hatch on the top of the silo breaks causing Marcus to fall inside of it. As he's slowly drowning in the grain, the alien in the cellar w/ Evelyn is drawn out by the noise. The hatch breaks away completely and falls into the silo just missing Marcus. Regan, herself, jumps into the silo and successfully saves her brother by pushing the hatch towards him so he can grab hold of it. However, she herself quickly sinks into the grain. Marcus climbs onto the hatch and pulls out his sister to safety. Regan and Marcus both sit safely atop the silo door, but then they hear a crash on top of the silo. The alien from the flooded cellar jumps in the silo as the kids cover themselves with the hatch door. They seem doomed until Regan's cochlear implant processor once again lets out a piercing feedback forcing the alien to crash out the side of the silo. Regan and Marcus crawl out of the silo and into a pickup truck. Lee has arrived on the scene and grabs an ax, but is quickly attacked by the alien which causes Marcus to scream. Upon hearing this, the alien heads for the truck and starts ripping it open. This time when Regan's processor starts its piercing feedback, she turns it off. Now the alien can safely resume its attack on the truck. Lee, who is badly injured, makes eye contact with his daughter and signs, "I love you. I have always loved you." He then lets out a yell to sacrifice himself and save the kids. They put the truck into neutral and roll it back to the house where they reunite with their mother. Evelyn and the kids hear the alien approaching, so they retreat back into the house and head down to the basement. Regan, who was never allowed down there, sees (for the first time) the evidence of all the work her father put into repairing and creating her cochlear implant processor. She is overwhelmed with emotion just as the lights begin to flicker. The alien walks down into the basement and has them cornered. Regan, however, scans a handwritten scribbling from her dad which read, "What is their weakness?", then takes a quick glance at the hearing aids on his workbench. And Eureka! She switches on her cochlear implant processor creating feedback, and causing the alien to shudder. Regan then amplifies the feedback by holding the processor up against a microphone. The alien collapses then slowly staggers back up on its feet, but Evelyn has grabbed Lee's shotgun and blows its head to pieces. When they see on the surveillance monitors that this little brouhaha has seemingly brought every alien in the county to their home, Regan turns up the speakers while Evelyn pumps the shotgun wearing a wry grin on her face. Written by: R.Z. Eusebio & K.F. Fernandez 
 Godzilla (2014)761) The world is beset by the appearance of monstrous creatures, but one of them may be the only one who can save humanity. In 1999, the Janjira nuclear plant was mysteriously destroyed with most hands lost including supervisor Joe Brody's colleague and wife, Sandra. Years later, Joe's son, Ford, a US Navy ordnance disposal officer, must go to Japan to help his estranged father who obsessively searches for the truth of the incident. In doing so, father and son discover the disaster's secret cause on the wreck's very grounds. This enables them to witness the reawakening of a terrible threat to all of Humanity, which is made all the worse with a second secret revival elsewhere. Against this cataclysm, the only hope for the world may be Godzilla, but the challenge for the King of the Monsters will be great even as Humanity struggles to understand the destructive ally they have. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) In 1999, in Japan, there is a mysterious accident with the reactors of the Janjira nuclear power plant and the engineer Joe Brody loses his wife Sandra Brody and her team that were inspecting the reactor. Joe never accepts the official explanation for the accident. Fifteen years later, his son, the US Navy Officer Ford Brody, learns that Joe has trespassed in Janjira quarantine area and is arrested in Japan. He travels to Japan to release his father and they go to the Janjira facility area to retrieve Joe's data and pictures. Soon they discover the truth about the accident, caused by a "Massive Unidentified Terrestrial Organism" ("MUTO") that eats radiation trapped underground. The MUTO escapes from the secret facility to Honolulu killing Joe. Godzilla is also awakened, causes a tsunami in Hawaii and fights against the MUTO destroying Honolulu. Meanwhile a female MUTO escapes from the Nevada nuclear waste facility and destroys Las Vegas, heading to breed with the first MUTO in San Francisco. Now the last hope on Earth is Godzilla fighting and destroying the MUTO's. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When mankind found an ancient spore, they began to preserved until nearly 15 years, it hatches. Now with maloevent terrestrial organisms threatening the existence of man kind, an ancient creature from the depts of the ocean, will rise again to fulfill natures order to restore its balance, while also making sure mankind never makes the same mistakes again. As the story opens in Japan, we find dedicated nuclear power-plant manager Joe Brody (Bryan Cranston) so caught up in his work that he forgets it's his birthday. Sending his young son Ford off to school before reporting to the plant with his wife Sandra (Juliette Binoche), who works in the reactor, Joe begins to suspect that some suspiciously patterned seismic activity may be something more sinister than shifting tectonic plates He's right, too, because when the plant goes into meltdown mode and Sandra gets caught on the wrong side of the containment door, a massive cover-up ensues. Fifteen years later, Ford (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) has become a bomb-disposal expert in the U.S. military. He's just returned home to his wife Elle (Elizabeth Olsen) and their son Sam (Carson Bolde) when he gets word that Joe been arrested in Japan. Long estranged from his father, who was written off as a conspiracy theorist for his failed efforts to prove the Japanese government was attempting to hide something about the earlier disaster, Ford nevertheless ventures to Japan to get him out of jail, and reluctantly agrees to join him in traveling to their old home in the quarantined zone. Subsequently taken into custody, the pair end up in the very plant where Joe used to work, and where scientists Dr. Ichiro Serizawa (Ken Watanabe) and Vivienne Graham (Sally Hawkins) are studying a massive cocoon-like structure that appears to feed on radiation. The situation turns critical when the events of the present begin to mirror those of the past, and a terrifying winged-creature dubbed a "MUTO" is unleashed. Meanwhile, as the military attempts to devise a plan to destroy the beast, signals indicate that it had been calling out to something before it broke free, and the scientists learn that it has awoken a towering, godlike leviathan that has lied dormant for centuries, and may be mankind's only hope for restoring the balance of nature.. Fifteen painful years after the unexplained and devastating incident at Janjira's nuclear power plant, the guilt-ridden nuclear expert, Joe Brody, is still looking for answers. Obsessed with unearthing the truth, the estranged father reunites with his son--the traumatised U.S. Navy Explosive Ordnance Disposal technician, Ford--in a desperate effort to decipher a shockingly familiar seismic pattern, as a gargantuan pulsating cocoon is just about ready to transform into something utterly terrifying. But, from the abysmal depths of the vast ocean, emerges another numbing terror--the ultimate Kaiju and the King of Monsters, Godzilla. Is he friend or is he foe? And, above all, can he destroy the all-powerful adversaries that threaten not only San Francisco but the entire humanity? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Opening credit sequence rolls over archive footage of nuclear tests in the 1950s. Extra information in the opening credits is redacted with strips of white. Nuclear bombs are going off, military personnel are slipping on protective eye-wear, and ominous Godzilla spines briefly emerge from beneath the waves. They are trying to kill Godzilla. It doesn't work and he screams his disapproval. In 1999 a helicopter bearing the name "Monarch" glides over a huge excavation in the Philippines. It looks like a open pit mine. Thousands of workers labor in the massive trenches. As the 'copter lands, a Japanese researcher named Ichiro Serizawa (Ken Watanabe) and his British assistant Vivienne Graham (Sally Hawkins) emerge. An American supervisor informs them that they had readings that suggested a uranium find. They loaded heavy equipment onto the site, only for it to collapse into an underground cavern. They head there to find the skeletonized carcass of a massive creature, one that fills the cave as far as the eye can see. Hanging from the cave ceiling appears to be a cocoon of some type, as well as one that looks like it has hatched. Going further into the cave, it looks as though some enormous thing has crawled from the cave and torn a wound across the landscape as it headed toward the sea. Serizawa and Graham puzzle over what could have emerged from the cocoon. In Japan, at the Janjira nuclear power facility, Joe Brody (Bryan Cranston) is on the phone frantically concerned about local seismic activity. He thinks the power plant should be shut down as a precaution. As an American, he is concerned about ruffling Japanese feathers, but insists on a meeting to air his concerns. His somewhat shy son has made a sign for him. It's his birthday. His wife, Sandy (Juliette Binoche), hustles the son off to school. She reminds Brody that it's his birthday and his son, Ford, had prepared a surprise. They head off to the plant and he tells his wife to head down into the reactor zone to make sure nothing has been damaged by the shaking. Once at the plant, Brody makes his case. His superiors think the activity is just aftershocks from the recent Philippine "earthquakes." Brody says that the seismic readout on a computer display is unusual & couldn't possibly be just an earthquake. One of his assistants tells him that the increase in seismic rumblings has been recorded in hours, not days. Suddenly, a major tremor hits the plant. Brody yells: "We need to shut down now!" Before the process can even begin, another shaker rocks the plant, triggering red lights all over the place. The reactor has been breached and Brody's wife is down there. Brody races downstairs, demanding that the protective shield door be kept on manual override so he can save his wife. Sandy and her team run full tilt trying to stay ahead of a radioactive cloud rushing through the tunnels that will kill them despite their protective suits. They are making good time until a teammate stumbles and Sandy stops to assist him. Meanwhile, Brody has arrived at the door and confirmed that he has control. He gets a walkie talkie message that Sandy is done for. Brody is overcome with emotion, literally shaking at the prospect of losing her. She tells him that he needs to shut the door to save the city. He waits until the last possible moment, then seals the door and their fates. Literally seconds after the primary door has been sealed, Sandy appears with several of her team. Brody weeps as he watches his wife being bathed in the toxic radioactive mist as the secondary door closes. At his school, little Ford Brody (CJ Adams) witnesses the plant's cooling towers collapsing as he's being evacuated. He knows that his parents work there. All his classmates flee outside while he watches his entire life collapse into ruin. In the present day, an adult Lt. Ford Brody (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) is returning home after 14 months at sea in the US Navy to his wife Elle (Elizabeth Olsen) and their young son Sam (Carson Bolde) in San Francisco. There's a sweet 'Welcome Home' scene and Ford prepares for some long overdue mommy/daddy time when the phone rings. Ford learns from someone on the line that his estranged father, Joe Brody, has been arrested in Japan for trespassing and is being held by the police. Ford leaves to meet his father. In Tokyo Ford is obviously disappointed at having to bail out his dad. Joe suffered a nervous breakdown after the accident and their relationship is clearly strained. Joe's small apartment looks like a conspiracy theorist's paradise. Pictures and articles paper the walls. Stacks of books and research are everywhere. Clearly his dad has become obsessed with the accident at Janjira. He's mumbling about echolocation and earthquakes "talking to each other." Out of pity, Ford suggests that his dad come home with him. Joe hasn't seen his grandson in years and desperately needs a break. Joe, however, is adamant about continuing his investigation: he needs to know what happened that day. His wife is still buried in the rubble of the "quarantine zone." He mentions that he needs to get back to his house to retrieve his research and sadly shares that he doesn't even have a picture of his wife to cherish. Begrudgingly, Ford decides to help his dad. They head back to the old neighborhood, which looks abandoned and overrun. Suddenly, a pack of dogs gambols through the scene. How could that happen in a radioactive wasteland? Joe checks his Geiger counter which shows no radiation at all. Impulsively, he snatches off his protective headgear and breathes deeply, proving the air is completely safe. Ford is becoming convinced that something is amiss here. They rummage through the house and Joe grabs his 3.5 inch ZIP discs. He finds a picture of Sandy and turns to see Ford's birthday sign, still strung up after all these years. Meanwhile, Ford finds an old army toy soldier that he pockets. The beating of helicopter blades shakes them from their reverie. As they head outside, they're immediately scooped up by Japanese-speaking security guards and driven to the "abandoned" nuclear plant. Serizawa and Graham are talking with some others. They are concerned about activity surrounding an odd cone-shaped organic structure protruding from the surface of the old reactor. Someone interrupts them to say they need to come with him. They are taken to where Joe is being interrogated. He comes across as manic and a little loopy, but Graham confirms that his data is strikingly similar to what they're seeing now. He's the only one left who knows what happened 15 years ago and demands to see his son and get answers regarding the disaster that killed his wife. Back in the main room, the readings confirm that EMP pulses are knocking out their electronics with alarming frequency... just like in 1999. Serizawa concedes that it's time to kill the program. A steel containment net is lowered and millions of watts of electricity are applied to the chrysalis -- the massive jolt of electricity appears to destroy the organic pod and the light that pulsated in it dies out. Suddenly, a massive multi-legged creature cracks out of the shell and pounds its clawed leg on the ground, creating an EMP pulse that kills all power in the facility, releasing Joe from his confinement in the process. People are screaming and running as the creature strains against its enclosure. Meanwhile Ford is still handcuffed in a security vehicle. He watches helplessly as people are slaughtered around him. Suddenly, a support smashes the detainment vehicle he was trapped in and he's free. Joe watches in horror from an elevated walkway as his son faces death. But his own safety is in jeopardy as the bridge is demolished and he tumbles in a horrible fall. Ford dons a gas mask and looks up just in time to see the creature unfurl giant wings and fly off. The next day, Captain Russell Hampton (Richard T. Jones) informs Serizawa that the U.S. military is taking over. He asks Serizawa who he needs on his team. He points to Joe, bandaged and on a stretcher. They take Joe and Ford in a military transport. Unfortunately, Joe doesn't survive for long. Serizawa and the others turn to Ford, asking him if he knows anything about his father's findings. Ford is reluctant to comment on his father's obsessive behavior but remembers something about echolocation. Serizawa clues into this, brings Ford into a briefing room, and explains to Ford that the recently hatched "MUTO" (Massive Unidentified Terrestrial Organism) may be trying to communicate with another giant monster that was found roaming the Pacific a long long time ago. Serizawa then presents the same vintage nuclear test footage from 1954 that we see in the opening credits, but with a few crucial details included, mainly a few frames of a familiar giant spiny creature. Serizawa explains that the nuclear tests weren't tests; they were attempts to kill this creature. This creature had been named "Godzilla", and Serizawa is convinced he is returning, a feeling that is soon confirmed when he is spotted soon thereafter. The naval fleet follows Godzilla. Meanwhile, Elle freaks out about the news coverage of the Japan damage and can't reach Ford. Since Ford doesn't have much to offer, he's put on a helicopter headed to Hawaii for a flight back home. The Navy confirms that the MUTO is headed across the Pacific. The fleet heads in that direction, flanking Godzilla's spines, which are heading in the same direction. Serizawa posits that Godzilla is tracking the MUTO and wants to fight it to restore balance to nature. In Honolulu, Ford is at the airport, waiting for the train to his terminal. He's playing with the toy solider and a little Japanese boy becomes fascinated with it. As the boy wanders onto the train without his parents and the doors close. They freak out, but Ford mouths that he will being their boy back. He hopes that he won't miss his flight. Back to the carrier ship, they've heard that the Russians are missing a nuclear sub. The MUTO eats radiation (which is why the nuclear plant was free of toxic waste). It may have taken the sub as a meal. They send a team into the forest near Honolulu to investigate. The team finds the sub, covered in gooey slime and stuck in a tree. The MUTO is snacking on nuclear fuel canisters. An airborne attack is launched, but the MUTO fires its EMP, knocking out all navigation controls for the jets and sending them plummeting to earth. At the airport, power is knocked out, including power to the train at the airport. Ford doesn't realize that the MUTO has caused the outage and assures the little boy that the power will come back soon. At a hotel luau, a little girl sees the explosion of the planes in the far-off hills. The crowd is becoming worried as the little girl notices that the sea water seems to be receding from the shore at a rapid pace. Something is displacing an immense amount of water. Very quickly, we see that the thing moving all that water is Godzilla. Honolulu is flooded as the beast reaches ground. The luau (and everything else downtown) are flooded. At the airport, power is restored, but reveals the MUTO has reached the elevated tracks and the train is headed straight into its jaws. The behemoth shreds the track, sending passengers to their doom. Ford barely hangs on, grabbing the kid before he slides out of the mangled train. Godzilla squares off against the MUTO, but it manages to escape, flapping its giant wings and continuing its journey to the mainland. Back in San Francisco, Elle is asking her son to go to bed as he watches the developing destruction on the news. The whole world now knows that the MUTO and Godzilla exist. Back on the ship, they're tracking the MUTO's path. Looks like it's headed to San Francisco. Graham and Serizawa realize that it must be headed to the other MUTO, long-thought dead. Unfortunately, the dangerously radioactive body has been stored in the midst of an unlimited food supply: the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste facility in Nevada. Troops arrive to discover that the MUTO, now confirmed as a female, has escaped and is making a path to meet her mate. The path leads directly through Las Vegas. The second MUTO is much larger and more powerful than the first and lumbers straight through Las Vegas, destroying whatever lies in it's path. The Navy has hatched a plan to lure the two MUTOs off shore with a nuclear missile. Godzilla will be close behind. Then they'll detonate the bomb, wiping out all three monsters. Graham is amazed at the short-sightedness of the plan. Because the MUTOs eat radiation, she and Serizawa believe the plan won't work. Captain Hampton claims that nothing can survive the power of the newer bombs. Serizawa isn't convinced. Meanwhile, after delivering the boy to his parents in devastated Honolulu, Ford hops onto a Navy transport headed to the mainland. A train is being prepared to transport the two weapons (the bait and the killer bomb). Ford shoehorns himself into the detail, citing his expertise in ordnance handling. The bombs will be transported by train to the coast where the plan will be set into motion. Things seems to be going just fine until a tremor stops the train right before a treacherous mountain bridge. The team attempts to radio ahead, but the screams over the walkie don't bring good news. Uncertain if the bridge is even there, they break into two groups. It looks OK at first, but the female MUTO has been lying in wait. It smashes the bridge, gobbles down one of the nukes, and kills everybody on the train (except for Ford, who jumps into the river just as the bridge is shattered). By morning, a recovery team has found Ford and the nuke. They'll fly the remaining bomb and try to make do with a modification of the initial idea. The President approves. Serizawa comments on the arrogance of man (thinking that we can control nature when it's the other way around). The two MUTOs are headed for their reunion in San Francisco, with Godzilla in close pursuit. The Navy has been tacitly tolerating the monster as it has expressed no direct threat to the ships, but they are committed to destroying them all despite Serizawa's protests. Ford has called Elle at the hospital to assure her he's on his way, and asks her to please wait for him. Meanwhile, the whole city is prepping for an emergency evacuation. Elle wants to keep her son with her, but relents, trusting his care to a co-worker. Evacuation buses are stalled on the Golden Gate bridge as troops in tanks position themselves against the kaiju threat. The Navy has rigged the bomb with an analog countdown timer (to avoid being disabled by MUTO's EMP). They set the clock when a winged MUTO attacks. He's looking for a snack for his mate and delivers the bomb to her. The larger MUTO tears up part of Chinatown make a nest for their offspring; the nuke will offer nutrition until they hatch. Godzilla, sensing his prey, emerges from the depths right by the Golden Gate Bridge. The troops attack instinctively, inciting Godzilla to tear through the bridge. The bus driver sees his chance and barrels through barricades to take his charges to safety. Ford, though injured, claims he can disarm the trigger in about 60 seconds. He's on the team for a risky HALO jump into San Francisco to grab the bomb, defuse it, and make one last try to blow the monsters to smithereens. They make the jump, only losing a couple of guys when Godzilla shows up ready to fight the monsters. Godzilla is doing pretty well against the smaller, winged male, but when the big female leaves the nest to help, they join up to attack Godzilla. The troops have found the nest and the nuke, but the the casing is damaged and they can't disarm it there. They begin to move it to a boat where they have more tools and can send it away from the city... The fight between the giants continues in the city where the MUTOs are ruthlessly jabbing their hooks into Godzilla's massive body. He looks done for but continues to fight them. Back at the nest, Ford sees thousands of eggs and realizes they're an even bigger threat. Lagging behind, he pops off the covers on spouts from a destroyed tanker truck to flood the chamber with gasoline. Godzilla's fight with the MUTOs seems to be turning to his enemies' advantage: he's been mangled by the MUTOs, when suddenly the nest explodes, destroying all the eggs and sending the female screaming back to the nest in a panic. This is just the break Godzilla needs. He gets his second wind and re-engages with the flying MUTO. Air superiority appears to give MUTO an edge, but Godzilla's long spiked tail knocks the MUTO into a building, killing it. Meanwhile, Ford has been caught in the aftershock of the explosion. The female MUTO grieves the loss of the babies, but smells the nuke and heads back to grab it. The female seems to notice Ford and leans menacingly close to him when Godzilla suddenly reappears and his spinal crest begins to glow blue. The beast lets loose with an enormous blast of radiation breath at the female MUTO, driving it back. He continues to fight it hand-to-hand. The team reaches the ship and tries to make for open water, but an EMP from the female MUTO kills the engines. The troops valiantly try to save the mission, but the beast arrives and starts ripping them to shreds. As the monster turns to attack some troops on shore, Ford goes to the boat to disarm the bomb. The casing is too far gone and the female MUTO sets her sights on his tiny vessel. Suddenly, Godzilla stealthily sneaks and grabs mama MUTO by the throat. Ripping her jaws open, he fires an atomic fire blast down her throat, incinerating the beast and tearing her head off. Finally, Godzilla succumbs to its injuries and collapses on the shore. Meanwhile the ship's power sputters back to life and Ford directs the GPS to take the ship into the bay. There's no time to disarm it now. He falls to the deck, seemingly accepting of his fate. A blinking light draws him back into consciousness as a med-evac helicopter lifts him to safety. In the distance, the auto-piloted boat erupts into an nuclear explosion, safely away from the city. In the aftermath, the badly-injured corpse of Godzilla lies in the streets of San Francisco. Ford is limping through a hastily converted stadium shelter. He has found his son, but emergency teams are still attempting to rescue folks from the hospital that was demolished in the kaiju battle, and Elle is still missing. Suddenly, son sees Elle and she sees Ford and they hug... reunited and threat averted. Meanwhile, Serizawa looks with regret on the still body of the great beast. Suddenly, it snorts into motion, slowly righting itself and lumbering through the streets toward the water. Serizawa smiles, happy that this mighty force of nature has survived. News reports announce that the "King of Monsters Saved the City!" Godzilla then dives back into the water and swims away into the ocean. 
 Argo (2012)761) Acting under the cover of a Hollywood producer scouting a location for a science fiction film, a CIA agent launches a dangerous operation to rescue six Americans in Tehran during the U.S. hostage crisis in Iran in 1979. In 1979, the American embassy in Iran was invaded by Iranian revolutionaries and several Americans were taken hostage. However, six managed to escape to the official residence of the Canadian Ambassador and the CIA was ordered to get them out of the country. With few options, exfiltration expert Tony Mendez devised a daring plan: create a phony Canadian film project looking to shoot in Iran and smuggle the Americans out as its production crew. With the help of some trusted Hollywood contacts, Mendez created the ruse and proceeded to Iran as its associate producer. However, time was running out with the Iranian security forces closing in on the truth while both his charges and the White House had grave doubts about the operation themselves. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) After Iranian militants stormed and took control of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in November 1979 taking 56 Americans as hostages, six Americans managed to get away and took refuge in the home of Canadian Ambassador Ken Taylor. After two months of the Canadians putting their lives on the line everyday, the CIA and the US State Department try to come up with a plan to get their people out. Tony Mendez is an "ex filtration" specialist who proposes that they pose as a Canadian film crew scouting locations for a science fiction movie called Argo. Using Hollywood connections, Mendez creates a back story for the movie - ads in Variety, casting calls, inviting he media to a production launch - and then heads off to Iran to lead the six Americans out. garykmcd In late 1979, anti-American sentiments are running high in Iran due to the US harboring the ailing former Shah of Iran, who the US put into place in the 1950s, and who many Iranians saw as causing much hardship and death for residents over his close to thirty year reign, solely for his and his family's own benefit. In November, Iranian militants, working under the name of its new leader, the Ayatollah Khomeini , are able to break through the secured perimeter of the US Embassy in Tehran. The fifty plus embassy staff are able to burn or shred most of their documents before they are taken hostage. What the Iranians are unaware of is that six embassy staff members escaped just prior to the raid, and managed to take refuge in the home of the Canadian ambassador, Ken Taylor , and his wife, Pat. Fast forward two months... The situation has not changed, and the State Department has brought in the services of the CIA, both to free the hostages and extricate the six in hiding. Tony Mendez with the CIA is the lead consultant on the six. Although many, in his mind, implausible plans are hatched to extricate the six, Tony eventually comes up with what some others believe is an implausible plan: have the six, under Canadian passports, pretend to be a film crew in Iran scouting for locations, with Tony part of that film crew to lead the six out himself. On the advice of Tony's Hollywood advisors, make-up artist John Chambers and producer Lester Siegel, Tony's plan not only has to fool the Iranians to work, it has to fool the entire world, who need to believe that this film is actually in pre-production. Beyond the need to get past the militants, especially at Tehran Airport where they are vigilant about capturing any Americans trying to escape, the plan has many obstacles to success, including: the six, who need to get up to speed basically overnight on their cover stories, some who predetermine certain failure, which if does happen means torturous death; competing priorities in Washington between the six and the fifty plus hostages; the Taylors' Iranian housekeeper, Sahar, who comes to the realization that the Taylors' supposed Canadian house guests are not who they say they are; and a mug shot book of embassy staff among the shredded materials, which Iranian sweat shop workers are tasked with putting back together, and which if achieved would identify the fact that the militants are minus six people from among their hostages. Huggo In 1979, the Islamic Revolution overthrows the dictator Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, who came to power sponsored by the United States government, and the leader of the revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, assumes the power. The Iranian revolutionaries invade the American Embassy in Tehran and the American officials are taken hostages. However, six officials flee from the Embassy and are secretly hosted by the Canadian Ambassador at his residence in Tehran and the CIA directors summon the agent Tony Mendez, who is an expert in bringing American citizens back to their country, to plot a rescue plan to save the group. Tony Mendez plots the most incredible plan to bring the six officials: to create a fake Canadian film to be shot in Iran and include the officials in the production crew. Without other alternative, Tony Mendez receives green light from his superiors and travels to Hollywood to set in motion his almost impossible mission to rescue the group. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil November 4, 1979. In retaliation for Jimmy Carter granting Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi asylum in the United States, an angry mob of Iranian militants, supporters of the new leader, Ayatollah Khomeini , storm the U.S. embassy in Tehran, taking 52 Americans hostage. Now, as six escapees find themselves trapped in the home of the Canadian ambassador, Ken Taylor , the ex-filtration expert, Tony Mendez, comes up with an impossible plan, proposing that they all pose as members of a Canadian film crew scouting for shooting locations for "Argo", their latest science-fiction movie. With the aid of the Hollywood veterans, make-up artist, John Chambers and producer, Lester Siegel, Mendez embarks on a dangerous mission to create the perfect illusion, and sneak the team out in broad daylight. But, will things go as planned during the bold Operation Argo? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with a brief history of the Persian Empire, leading up to more modern times, when the Iranian leadership was overthrown in 1953, with the assistance of the United States and Great Britain. The pro-Western Shah of Iran led the country until 1979, when he was overthrown among great resentment among the people for his continuing efforts to westernize the country and for his repressive policies. Ayatollah Khomeini assumed control of the country. The Shah was exiled to Egypt and later went to the U.S. to receive cancer treatments. Although President Carter allowed the Shah to come to the U.S. for humanitarian reasons, the people of Iran viewed it as more fuel for the anti-American fire. On November 4, 1979, militants are protesting outside the U.S. embassy in Tehran. They are demanding the Shah be returned to Iran to stand trial. When some of the protesters manage to scale the boundary fence, orders are given to start destroying all embassy records, some by shredding and some by burning. Equipment is also destroyed. The head of embassy security attempts to go outside and reason with the militants, but he's immediately captured and taken hostage. The marines charged with guarding the embassy are armed, but their leader cautions them not to shoot anyone. They limit their efforts to the use of tear gas, but once the chains on the outside gates are removed, the militants storm the embassy and take 66 of the 72 diplomats and embassy staff hostage. Six of the staff, in the only building with a direct exit to the street, are able to escape and hide in the home of the Canadian ambassador Ken Taylor ( Victor Garber ). (Fourteen of the hostages were later released, mostly because they were from countries already considered repressed by the U.S., or for health reasons.) One of the militants comes across a poster photo of the Ayatollah with several darts in it, adding to the furor of the moment. In the following days, weeks and months, the hostages were blindfolded and paraded in front of TV cameras and jeering crowds. They were not allowed to speak or read, and they were rarely permitted to change clothes. Throughout the crisis there was a frightening uncertainty about their fate: The hostages never knew whether they were going to be tortured, murdered or set free. Sixty-nine days into the crisis, the Canadians are increasingly uncomfortable with keeping the six Americans at their embassy. Word is that the Iranians have set up sweat shops utilizing Iranian children to go through the laborious process of piecing together the shredded documents. It's only a matter of time before they are able to realize that not all embassy staff have been accounted for and if they reconstruct photographs, they will know who to look for. With the six escapees' situation thus far kept secret, the U.S. State Department begins to explore options for "exfiltrating" them from Iran. Tony Mendez ( Ben Affleck ), a CIA operations specialist, is brought in for consultation. Mendez criticizes the proposals submitted to that point, but he also doesn't have any better plan to offer. Then, one day he is at home watching the film "Battle for the Planet of the Apes" on TV with his son, and he's inspired to devise a plan to have the escapees pose as Canadian filmmakers, scouting "exotic" locations in Iran for a new sci-fi film. That would provide them a legitimate reason to leave the country. Mendez and his supervisor Jack O'Donnell ( Bryan Cranston ) contact John Chambers ( John Goodman ), a Hollywood make-up artist who has previously crafted disguises for the CIA. Realizing they'll need as much legitimacy as possible to make the effort believable, Chambers contacts the film producer Lester Siegel ( Alan Arkin ). Initially skeptical, Siegel eventually agrees to help and together they set up a phony film studio, "Studio 6," publicize their plans, and establish the pretense of developing Argo, a "science fantasy" in the style of Star Wars, to lend credibility to the group's cover story. The student militants threaten to try the 52 hostages as spies and carry out appropriate punishments. They go so far as to take a small group of hostages, tie them up, blindfold them, and line them up in preparation for execution by firing squad. The weapons are fired, but they are not loaded, so it turned out to be a cruel hoax. Martial law appears to be in effect throughout Iran, under the rule of the Ayatollah, with opposition members in some cases being shot or hung from the booms of construction cranes, after what amounts to trial via kangaroo courts. Tensions rise as the Iranian housekeeper at the Canadian Embassy is starting to ask questions about the six "guests", such as why they never leave the residence. As he offers the best of what seem to be nothing but bad proposals to effect a rescue of the six Americans, Mendez ultimately receives approval from the Secretary of State to proceed with his fictitious movie plan. He travels to Iran via Istanbul. Posing as a producer for Argo, Mendez enters Iran and links up with the six escapees. He provides them with Canadian passports and fake identities to prepare them to get through security at the airport when it comes time to leave. Although afraid to trust Mendez's scheme, they reluctantly go along with it, knowing that Mendez is risking his own life too, and convinced that it is their only option. Each of the six is tasked with assuming a new identity, involving some use of physical disguise and memorizing details about their new personal histories. The plan is for the group go out in public for a day to scout the local bazaar as a potential filming site. That is intended to add credence to their cover story, then they will leave the country the following day. The visit at the bazaar takes a bad turn when a local businessman takes exception at one of the women in the group taking photos. Fortunately, the group's Iranian culture contact is able to get them away from the increasingly hostile crowd, but the incident is very upsetting to everyone. When it's learned that President Carter has authorized a Delta Force military rescue attempt of the 52 hostages, Mendez is told by O'Donnell that his smaller operation has been canceled, so as to avoid any potential conflicts. Mendez is furious. Because he feels personally responsible for the fate of the six, he decides to go ahead with the plan. That night, Mendez and the six imbibe heavily in alcohol as they attempt to calm their nerves and prepare to either escape or die the next day. The next morning, Mendez calls O'Donnell on a secure phone and tells him he's going ahead with the plan, then hangs up before O'Donnell can try to talk him out of it. O'Donnell is forced to scramble to get word of Mendez's decision to the secretaries of state and defense, and ultimately to President Carter, who is the only person who can re-authorize the purchase of tickets for Mendez and the six on a Swissair flight out of Tehran. A member of the Ayatollah's regime goes to visit the housekeeper at the Canadian Embassy. Fortunately, her story provides continuing cover for the six U.S. embassy employees, as she lies and tells the official that the six had only been at the residence for two days. She must now find a way out of the country for her own safety (she goes to Iraq). The Canadian ambassador and his wife leave for the airport shortly after Mendez and the six do. Tension rises at the airport for Mendez and the six. As they check in for their boarding passes, there is no record of any flight reservations. President Carter was just in the process of re-authorizing the mission. Mendez has no way of knowing this, but he asks the ticket agent to check again. This time, the reservations appear and they receive their boarding passes. At the next security check for passports, a skeptical security official is reluctant to approve the six to continue on their way, as there is no original record of their having arrived in Iran two days before, just the carbon copies the six have with them. The official only changes his mind when a letter from the Iranian Minister of Cultural Works is handed to him. That letter provided authorization for the group to come to Iran. As the group approaches the third tier of security at the airport, a member of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard is checking passports and boarding passes at the gate. He directs the six to a nearby room. The guard is also suspicious as to who they really are and what they are doing there. One of the six speaks Farsi and engages the guard in a dialogue about who they are and their reason for being in Iran. He produces copies of some of the movies' storyboards, and a copy of a newspaper advertisement for the movie. Mendez hands the guard a business card, for the fake production company back in Los Angeles, and tells him they can confirm the group's authenticity. The guard examines the newspaper and places a call to the number on the card. However, Siegel and Chambers have been delayed from returning to their office by some ongoing filming taking place at the adjacent stage. Just as the guard is about to hang up the phone, Chambers answers. The guard asks to speak with Mendez. Chambers tells the caller that Mendez is out of country on a scouting trip. The guard hangs up and returns to the gate to authorize the group to proceed aboard. Meanwhile, the children's sweat shop work had successfully re-constructed a photo of one of the six which was then matched to a surreptitious photo taken of the man at the bazaar the day before. Revolutionary Guards rush to the Canadian Embassy to find it abandoned and all the equipment destroyed. The group boards the plane just before the Iranian guards at the airport are informed of the ruse. As the 747 taxis down the runway, it is chased by two Iranian police cars and a truck filled with Revolutionary Guards. The plane is going too fast for them to get in front of it. Mendez and the hostages breathe a sigh of relief only when the plane has left Iranian airspace. That was day 87 of the hostage crisis. To protect the hostages remaining in Tehran from possible retaliation, all U.S. involvement in the rescue is suppressed, giving full credit to the Canadian government and its ambassador. Iranian government officials are very unhappy with the Canadians. Back in the U.S., as Mendez is turning in his mission-related documents for storage at a CIA facility, he decides to keep one of the fictional movie story boards. He places it on a shelf in his son's bedroom, among other models and toys related to sci-fi movies. Mendez is awarded the Intelligence Star, but due to the classified nature of the mission, he would not be able to keep the medal, or tell anyone that he'd received it. That changed in 1997, when President Clinton declassified the details of the event. John Chambers was awarded CIA's Intelligence Medal of Merit for his involvement in the "Canadian Caper." On Election Day, one year and two days after the hostage crisis began, Ronald Reagan defeated Jimmy Carter in a landslide. On January 21, 1981, just a few hours after Ronald Reagan delivered his inaugural address, the remaining 52 hostages were released. They had been in captivity for 444 days. 