nm0010159:

 Sos mi vida (20062007)Summaries Martin Quesada, ex-F1 driver who now successfully manages the family business, is a very kind person but since the deaths of his wife and his parents he feels an emptiness that cannot be filled by his girlfriend Constanza or his remaining relatives, cousins Miguel and Debi. Returning from a long visit abroad, in a hallway at his firm he meets a girl who completely rocks his world: Esperanza Muoz, la Monita, a boxer whose hand injury compels her to seek another job. She lives with her longtime boyfriend Quique and his mother Nieves on a pension and dreams of a big boxing career, and the encounter with Martin rocks her world as well. Martin offers her a job and here the problems start: she's trying to keep her boyfriend and boxing career from Martin, who's trying to convince his girlfriend that nothing's going on between him and Monita. But what they cannot keep secret is their growing affection for each other. carly It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El caso Mara Soledad (1993)Summaries A fiction chronicle of a resounding police case that took place in the city of Catamarca: the crime of the young Mara Soledad Morales, which had great public repercussion due to the links with the political power of the guilty parties. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Inheritance of Uncle Pepe (1998)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Peor es nada (19902001)Summaries Comedy skits show. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 