nm0005611:

 Giants: Citizen Kabuto (2000 Video Game)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Neverhood (1996 Video Game)Summaries Long ago, a mysterious being known as Hoborg created a world called the Neverhood, made entirely of an odd substance known as "Klay." However, Hoborg was lonely and, using a mystical "life seed", created a "Klay man" that he called Klogg. Long ago, a mysterious being known as Hoborg created a world called the Neverhood, made entirely of an odd substance known as "Klay." However, Hoborg was lonely and, using a mystical "life seed", created a "Klay man" that he called Klogg. Klogg was evil, however, and stole Hoborg's mystical crown, which was his secret to life; without it, he fell into a deep sleep. Luckily, Willie Trombone and his pal, Big Robot Bil, used a "life seed" to create Klaymen. Now, Klaymen must journey throughout the mysterious world that is, the Neverhood, solve puzzles, dethrone Klogg, revive Hoborg from his long sleep, and save the Neverhood. NeverhoodMaster It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Armikrog (2015 Video Game)Summaries From the creators of the Earthworm Jim and The Neverhood games, comes a ground breaking stop motion clay animated adventure game called Armikrog. Based on characters created by Doug TenNapel, the game follows the adventures of a space explorer named Tommynaut and his blind alien talking dog named Beak-Beak as they crash land on a weird planet and end up locked in a mysterious fortress called Armikrog. avizanski It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 God of War III (2010 Video Game)Summaries Armed with his deadly double-chained blades, Kratos must take on Greek mythology's darkest creatures to destroy Olympus and the mighty Zeus himself. The end is near. Kratos has begun his assault on Mount Olympus and he will not stop until almighty Zeus is dead. After years of suffering and endless nightmares, Kratos is finally seeking vengeance upon those who've used him merely as their 'pawn' of war. The God of War is ready to destroy Olympus, and may very well end the world itself. Johnny It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 