nm0004437:

 Nagina (1986)Summaries The film revolves around Rajni, a shape-shifting cobra who marries a civilian to avenge the death of her spouse at the hands of an evil saint. Rajiv comes from a very wealthy family, and lives in a palatial home with his mother, who would like him to get married to a beautiful young woman named Vijaya Singh, the only daughter of Thakur Ajay Singh. But Rajiv is in love with a woman named Rajni, who is an orphan and has no family background. When Rajiv mentions this to his mother, she opposes this marriage, but relents when she meets with Rajni and sees that she is a indeed a beautiful woman. Both get married and live harmoniously for quite some time - until the arrival of Bhairo Nnath a religious man, who is capable of controlling snakes. He informs Rajiv's mom that the woman, Rajni, is a shape-shifting venomous snake who has married Rajiv to avenge the death of her spouse years ago when Rajiv was a child. What Rajiv's mom does not know that Bhairavnath has a secret agenda in entrapping Rajni, a secret - the knowledge of which will shatter and change their lives forever. This movie to be followed by a sequel called "Nigahen: Nagina Part II". rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chandni (1989)541) Fate leaves Chandni shattered as her love Rohit disappears from her life. She meets Lalit and they befriend each other until Rohit knocks on her door. In one cruel stroke of fate, Chandni (Sridevi) faces life alone, her heart and her dreams shattered as Rohit (Rishi Kapoor) disappears from her life. When she meets Lalit (Vinod Khanna) who is fighting the demons of tragic memories, they both find solace in this new friendship. Lalit's affection gives a new direction to Chandni's life, but Lalit is falling for her and Chandni resigns to destiny, till one day, Rohit knocks on her door. CHANDNI is a classic Yash Chopra love story, softly lyrical, throbbingly beautiful and filled with exquisite locales, lilting melodies and the sound of three hearts hopelessly in love. Official Source On the very first meeting itself, the beautiful Chandni and handsome, yet wealthy Rohit fall head over heels in love with each other and the dating begins. When Rohit proposes marriage to Chandni she immediately agrees but Rohit's family disagree since Chandni is not of wealthy grounds. Going against his family's wishes; Rohit engages Chandni. All is well in the beginning for the couple until Rohit meets with an accident and is paralyzed unable to move; then Chandni became the care taker of Rohit much to her shock when one day Rohit misbehave, asks her to forget about him and leave his house which she did. Heart broken and Ill-fated Chandni attempts to move on in live by working as a secretary at an airline service and comes across a kind-heart-ed boss by the name of Laliat Khanna. Chandni finds out that Laliat is another one who have been deprive of his beloved. Laliat introduces Chandni to his mom and she immediately took a liking to the girl and brings forward a proposal of marriage for her son to which Chandni immediately agrees. And then one day Chandni is shocked to see Rohit at her door-step but this time fit and fine and he too sets forward to marry her. Now Chandni must make a choice to spend her life with either Laliat or Rohit. Who will she choose? gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Rohit meets Chandni at a wedding and pursues her till she says yes.Rohit's family is against their relationship due to difference in their status.Rohit and Chandini manage to get engaged.One day while Rohit calls Chandini to come up on the terrace and she sees him showering his love with petals from an helicopter.Rohit looses his balance and falls off.Rohit's family blame Chandini for this.The accident leaves him paralyzed and he starts to berate Chandini so that she should leave him.Chandini shifts to Bombay and starts working in ad agency owned by Lalit.Lalit and Chandni at first have differences. While Lalit lives for Switzerland for a business trip he proposes her and waits for her response till he returns .While Rohit decides stand back on his feet for Chandni and goes to Switzerland for treatment.Rohit and Lalit meet in Switzerland and become good friends and discuss their love.But both are unaware that they are in love with the same woman.Chandini to is confused to accept Lalit proposal as she had committed her love to Rohit. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chandni is my name. Chandni is my life. Chandni is my dream. There are not merely words. They are the lives of three people, inter woven together - Chandni, Rohit and Lalit's. Three names, three hearts, three dreams and one emotion - Love. From time immemorial whenever this word has been spoken, the winds have carried its fragrance, the flowers have bloomed with its beauty and lips have sung its songs. Love came to Chandni and Rohit in one breathless moment when they first saw each other. The hustle and bustle of people around them faded away as if time itself had stopped. They reached out to each other and tried to fill their hands with the happiness of a lifetime. But happiness is elusive. It cannot be caught, not even by young lovers. In one cruel stroke, fate seperated them. Chandni was left heart broken and her dreams dispersed. She then gathered the memories of her love together and stepped out to face the world and into a new life. And then she met Lalit. Lalit, whose past contained tragic memories of a first love. Memories, which lived with him. Memories, which even today shadowed his eyes and stilled the smile on his lips. But after he met Chandni, the sad memories receded into the distant past and the shadows were replaced by her radiance. Lalit, a supportive presence and the unspoken affection that blazed from his eyes gave a new direction to Chandni's life. But she found herself standing at a crossroad. In one direction was Rohit and her past. In the other was Lalit and the present and in the third was a future that was unknown to all three. They were all pawns in the game of fate. A game that was past truth, past illusion, past reality, past dreams. One thing was certain that truth and faith would prevail and in the end there would be only one winner. LOVE. 
 Mom (I) (2017)541) After her daughter is sexually assaulted at a party, a furious mother sets out to destroy the lives of the four perpetrators who walked away free. Devaki is a biology teacher at the same school attended by her stepdaughter Arya. Although, Devaki is a caring mother, Arya remains distant. One unfortunate night, Arya is brutally attacked. When the justice system fails them, Devaki faces some tough decisions and goes to great lengths to find justice for her daughter. L. Hamre Devki Sabharwal a higher secondary school teacher lives with husband Anand, a younger daughter and step daughter Arya who does not go well with her.Mohit one of Devki's students sends an offensive video to Arya and Devki throws his phone out.During a valentine day outing when Arya hesitates to demand of Mohit and his cousin Charles they along with Baburam the watchman and drug peddler Jagan rape her brutally.Arya Is almost in coma but after her recovery she reveals the name of culprits but they are all set free due to lack of evidence.Devki decides to take matters in her hand and detective DK decides to help her by providing details of culprits.Devki plans her revenge with details given by DK but inspector Matthew Francis investigation the case gets suspicious on her. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Devki is a loving wife, and a mother of two beautiful daughters, she seemingly has a perfect happy family. Yet, somehow the true happiness of being a mother eludes her. Arya, a sensitive girl cannot accept Devki and her love wholeheartedly. Arya believes, a daughter comes into a mother's life, but a mother does not enter the life of a daughter. Devki patiently waits for Arya's love and acceptance as she believes only a mother can truly understand the silence of her child. An unfortunate incident, further distances Arya and Devki, to a point of no return. In such a situation a mother has to make a choice not between what is wrong or right but between what is wrong and very wrong. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Biology teacher Devki is vivacious and popular among her students. In a class, a student, Mohit sends Devki's stepdaughter, Arya a lewd video and Devki throws his phone out of the window. At home, despite Devki's persistent and warm approach toward her, Arya remains frosty and distant, rebuffing her attempts to build a relationship. Arya is invited to a Valentine's Day party at a farmhouse; Devki permits this with great hesitation. Arya rebuffs Mohit and his hotshot buddy Charles at the party. Incensed by this very public snub, Charles, Mohit, Jagan and the watchman Babu attack Arya when she leaves the party. They rape her and dump her in a drain. Devki and her husband Anand are shattered. Arya recovers and releases a statement naming her attackers. Inspector Matthew quickly rounds up the attackers. However, the case falls apart when Arya was found to be drinking, thus building the argument that her memory is unreliable. The body samples were recovered very late and were too weak to match the attackers. The judge acquits the four attackers due to lack of evidence. Her lawyer suggests appealing to a higher court but Devki has lost faith. Arya, still in shock and broken by the court verdict, tears away from Devki. In sorrow, Devki realizes she has probably lost Arya forever. Devki recalls the somewhat shady detective, DK, whom she'd met on the night Arya was raped. A father of a daughter himself, he understands her pain and agrees to help her as Devki wants to avenge Arya. The watchman is first. Devki seeks the help of her former students - transgender people who understand her plight. They seduce the watchman and drug him. He awakes four days later, still drunk, and finds, to his horror, that he has been castrated and remembers nothing. The hotshot Charles is next. Devki breaks into his home and mixes crushed apple seeds - a source of cyanide - into his fitness powder. Charles is paralyzed. When Mohit visits Charles at the hospital, Devki, tipped off by DK, plants apple seeds and other evidence at Mohit's home. Inspector Matthew quickly arrests Mohit; Charles will die soon and Mohit will be the murderer. As Devki takes down each of Arya's attackers, their situations make it on the news, which Arya follows with surprise. Matthew finds Devki's glasses in Mohit's apartment and starts suspecting her. Matthew confronts Devki but there is no evidence. He warns her that the fourth man, Jagan, is a hard criminal: going after him is dangerous for her family. Jagan visits Charles and learns that it is Devki who is retaliating. He goes after DK and discovers that Devki is on a holiday at a snow cottage in Kufri. He kills DK and goes after Devki. Matthew discovers a hidden camera in DK's sunglasses and hurries to save Devki. Jagan cuts power at the cottage and shoots Anand. There is a scuffle and Arya runs out into the snow. Jagan pursues her and Devki tries to save her. As Jagan is about to kill Devki, Matthew intercepts and tackles Jagan. There is a standoff: Devki points a gun at Jagan and Matthew attempts to talk her down by telling her that Anand is alive and in the hospital and if she shoots him, she'll go to jail. Arya, in the bushes, overhears Jagan when he angrily relates how Devki finished off the other attackers. Devki knows if Jagan is left alive he will come after her again. At this point, Matthew hands her his gun and urges her to kill him. Devki hesitates but when an overwhelmed Arya acknowledges Devki as 'Mom' for the first time, Devki shoots Jagan dead. 
 English Vinglish (2012)431) A quiet, sweet tempered housewife endures small slights from her well-educated husband and daughter every day because of her inability to speak and understand English. The story of a quiet, sweet tempered housewife who endures small slights from her well educated husband and daughter everyday because of her inability to speak and understand English. She is resourceful and open-minded but somehow these traits don't get noticed by them. Then one day on a trip to visit her sister in Manhattan she decides to enroll in an English Learners class and meets a host of new people who teach her to value herself beyond the narrow perspective of her family. Paroma A woman who does not know English is made to feel insecure by her family and society at large. Circumstances make her determined to overcome this insecurity, master the language, and teach the world a lesson on the way to becoming a self assured and confident woman. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Money, Fame and the Knowledge of English. In India, these 3 factors play a huge role in how society judges an individual. English Vinglish is the story of a woman who does not know English and is made to feel insecure by her family and society at large. The film is a light - hearted yet touching and transformational journey of Shashi. Circumstances make her determined to overcome this insecurity, master the language, teach the world a lesson on the way to becoming a self assured and confident woman. The film is shot mostly in New York and captures the inherent struggle of many people all over the world with the English Language. Hilarious, touching, sensitive, and this film marks the comeback of India's biggest female star...Sridevi. 