nm0001670:

 Wild Child (2008)431) A rebellious Malibu princess is shipped off to a strict English boarding school by her father. Since Malibu brat Poppy Moore's mom passed away, she has pushed her rich, usually absent dad Gerry shamelessly. When his patience wears out, she's shipped off to her mother's former English boarding school for girls, Abbey Mount. On her first day she makes enemies of most dorm mates, especially dominant lacrosse school captain Harriet, and the school's principal Mrs. Kingsley. Unwilling to accept the strict regime, she decides to misbehave and take the blame for everyone until she's dismissed. The school's only appealing feature for her is Kingsley's dashing son Freddie. When the dream prince transfers his favor from ambitious, uptight Harriet to unruly Poppy, that changes everything. KGF Vissers The Moores - widowed father Gerry and his two teenage daughters Poppy and Molly - are a wealthy Malibu based family who have all the luxuries and modern conveniences of life. Ever since her mother died five years earlier in a car accident, sixteen year old Poppy has been acting out, causing her father grief most specifically in any of his attempts for meaningful relationships with other women. Although he has threatened to do so several times, Gerry, based on Poppy's latest actions, finally decides to send Poppy to boarding school, most specifically to Abbey Mount in England. It is an immediate fish out of water situation for Poppy, whose main goal is to get out of Abbey Mount and back to Malibu. Despite Poppy's initial antagonism toward her, she is befriended by Kate, who has been assigned her big sister in showing her the ropes around Abbey Mount, and the rest of the girls in their shared sleeping quarters. Kate can see that underneath Poppy's privileged exterior is a scared girl who just wants to get along in life. Kate and the gang counsel Poppy in that if she really wants to get out of Abbey Mount, the only way is to do something or a series of somethings to get expelled. This task is easier said than done as the school's principal, Mrs. Kingsley, can see in Poppy the same thing that Kate does. Through her stay at Abbey Mount, Poppy continually butts heads with the school's snobbish head girl, Harriet, who rules her entourage and the school's younger students with an iron fist. Harriet would like to see Poppy gone as well, especially as Freddie Kingsley, Mrs. Kingsley's teenage son, who Harriet fancies as her boyfriend, seems to be falling for Poppy. Poppy, in turn, decides to use Freddie in achieving her goal. But in using Freddie and seeing an old photograph hanging on the school wall, Poppy may come to some realizations about both her life and friends at Abbey Mount as well as those same aspects previously in Malibu. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sixteen-year-old Poppy Moore (Emma Roberts) has always got what she wanted and lives a pampered life in her L.A. world. Though she's handed credit cards with unlimited balances and surrounded by countless hangers on, Poppy can't escape the mounting frustration she feels with her family situation and she makes sure everyone knows it. After an over-the-top prank pushes her father (Aidan Quinn) one step too far, Poppy is shipped off to an England/English boarding school. Finding herself in a foreign world of early curfews, stern matrons, and mandatory lacrosse, the United States|American princess has finally met her match: a school of British girls who won't tolerate her rebellious ways. Under the watchful eye of the school's headmistress (Natasha Richardson) and surrounded by a new circle of friends (Josie, Kate, KiKi & Drippy), Poppy begrudgingly realises her bad-girl behavior will only get her so far. But just because she must grow into a fine young lady doesn't mean this Wild Child won't be spending every waking hour shaking up a very proper system. Poppy Moore starts Abbey Mount as she means to go on-her way,or no way. Realising her Dad's not coming back to get her, and having nowhere to fit in, room-mate Kate tells Poppy she'll have to get herself expelled. Later that night, Poppy reads a book (Alice In Wonderland - her punishment for fighting) with a lighter when her room-mates sneak up on her with torches, and offer their help. They give their ideas on how she can get expelled, and act on them as a group, and let her take the blame. This brings the girls closer, but Poppy still wants to leave. When none of the plans to get Poppy expelled are working the girls realise they will have to go all out and hit the headmistress closer to home by snogging her son Freddie, which is completely forbidden by the school. After some flirting, Freddie asks Poppy out on a date, during which they kiss. Before going out with Freddie, Poppy is so excited she doesn't log off the computer, and runs off. Harriet takes her revenge on Poppy by rewriting her emails to best friend Ruby, and sticks one on the girls' door, suggesting that Poppy is just using them and is faking the friendship. Harriet also rewrites an email about Freddie, stating Poppy's plan to kiss him only to get expelled and that she thinks he is a loser. Coming back from her night out, Poppy is ready to confess she's actually happy, to find the girls upset. They read the email to her and leave. Upset, Poppy goes to see Freddie but he has found the email about him also and feels betrayed. Poppy, with no one else to turn to, sneaks down to the cook's room to use the phone and rings Ruby, who it turns out is sleeping. Even more alone, Poppy starts playing with her lighter, setting a curtain alight. Hearing footsteps, she quickly puts out the fire and runs off. A few minutes later, she looks out her window to see a fire, and wakes Kate and the rest of the school. After the fire is put out, Freddie looks at the damage and finds her lighter. He gives it back to her, refusing to listen to what happened. Poppy goes to the headmistress and confesses. Poppy also asks Mrs. Kingsley to give a letter to Freddie apologizing and confessing her feelings about everything. While waiting for the Honour Court which will decide if she should be expelled, she finds a picture of her Mum and the lacrosse team. Poppy sits with the picture when Freddie finds her crying. After a heart to heart, they are friends again. At the Honour Court, Poppy tells her story while her room-mates find out Poppy was out with Freddie when the email was sent, and Harriet was the only one around. Going to the court,they get the whole school to confess they were present at the fire. Harriet then lets slip about Poppy's lighter being used to start the fire, which only Poppy and Freddie knew about, and accidentally confesses to restarting the fire after Poppy successfully put it out. Poppy is innocent. The movie is left off where Harriet is expelled, and Poppy will remain at Abbey Mount. 
 Asylum (2005)55) A woman becomes very curious about one of her psychiatrist husband's inmates, a man who was found guilty in the murder and disfigurement of his former wife. In the 1950s, the psychiatrist Max Raphael is hired to work as superintendent of an asylum in the outskirts of London, and he moves with his wife Stella Raphael and their son Charlie. Stella has a passionless marriage and is ignored by Max. Her boredom changes when her son befriends the handsome inmate Edgar Stark, an sculptor that in a crisis of jealousy had killed and disfigured his wife, and that is treated by Dr. Peter Cleave, an ambitious psychiatrist that aspired Max's position. During the afternoons, Stella has a hot adulterous affair with Edgar until the day he escapes and their affair is discovered. Stella has to take a decision between her family and her wild passion for Edgar. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil An up and coming psychiatrist gets a new job and devotes himself to it more than to his wife and their son. His wife has an intense affair with a psychiatric inpatient who has a past suggestive of sociopathy. Additional bad choices are made, the affair is continued, and negative consequences follow. Austin James Dr. Peter Cleave is passed over as candidate superintendent of a greater London mental asylum by newcomer psychiatrist Max Raphael, whose wife Stella soon falls in carnal, later true love with Cleave's favorite patient, trustee gardener Edgar Stark, a kind-mannered would be-artist who murdered his wife in bloody rage but also befriends the Raphael's angelic son Charlie. Edgar escapes in Stella's car trunk and hides in his former art studio assistant Nick's London home. Stella neglects her family to visit Edgar, even moves out without Charlie. Cleave finds them and brings them back. Max resigns and takes a job in a desolate Welsh village and tries to rebuild a family life, but trough disinterested Stella's neglect, Charlie drowns, with grave consequences. KGF Vissers A psychiatrist's wife encounters one of her husband's charges, an inmate at a maximum security asylum in the outskirts of London. Her curious attraction to this man, who was found guilty in the murder and disfigurement of his former wife, grows stronger as he's placed on the job to restore the asylum's conservatory, mere steps from her home. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Parent Trap (1998)761) Identical twins Annie and Hallie, separated at birth and each raised by one of their biological parents, later discover each other for the first time at summer camp and make a plan to bring their wayward parents back together. When two pre-teens named Hallie and Annie meet through their summer camp, their two lives are rattled when they realize that they are identical twins. With parents, British mother aka famous dress designer Elizabeth and American father, a wine maker named Nick, living in two different sides of the universe, the girls decide to make an identity swap in hopes of spending time with their other parent. The girls later choose to inform their guardians of the swap while at a hotel in San Francisco, which later reunites the divorced pair and sends them back into remarriage with each other. The hotel was in San Francisco hence the Golden Gate Bridge Hallie Parker and Annie James. They look exactly alike and are sisters. It would be awesome for you to be a twin, but what is it like being a twin without even knowing it? That's what it's like for these girls. Hallie is a cool, laid-back gal from California. Annie James is a proper rose from London. Annie has never met her father, and Hallie has never met her mother. When they get thrown into the isolation cabin, they uncover the mystery behind the ripped picture. They realize that they are twin sisters separated at birth by their divorced parents, and they decide to switch places to meet the parent that they've never met. They also decide to get them back together. But then something awful happens that will wreck everything: their father is engaged to a beautiful, selfish witch who's only after their dad's money. Ally__bear Summer camp in Maine, USA. Two young redheads, Hallie and Annie, coincidentally meet and discover that they look pretty (and) similar. Soon, their common history opens up when they are banned into the isolation cabin for unsocial behaviour. Being twin sisters, their parents separated them at birth and divorced also. So, Annie grew up in London, England, living with her mother Elizabeth, who is a wedding gown designer. Hallie lived with her father Nick, a vineyard-owner, in Napa Valley, California. Both sisters decide to switch sides, as Annie never had a father and Hallie never had a mother. All works well, until Nick decides to marry Meredith, a beautiful but creepy woman who is only after his money. Now, the girls decide to let the parents meet. Let the games begin. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Hallie Parker and Annie James are identical twins separated at a young age because of their parents' divorce. Unknowingly to their parents, the girls are sent to the same summer camp where they meet, discover the truth about themselves, and then plot with each other to switch places. Hallie meets her mother, and Annie meets her father for the first time in years. They then make a plan to set up their parents, which suddenly goes awry with an announcement from their father. The story goes through many different twists and turns, and is an amazing story from start to finish. anonymous What if you spent your whole life wishing for something you didn't know you already had? Hallie Parker and Annie James are about to find out. Hallie is a cool girl from California. Annie is a fair rose from London. When the two accidentally meet at summer camp, they think they have nothing in common except...they're identical twins! Now they're up to their freckles in schemes and dreams to switch places, get their parents back together and have the family they've always wished for! DisneyMadness Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1986, Nick Parker (Dennis Quaid) and Elizabeth James (Natasha Richardson) meet and get married during an ocean cruise on the RMS Queen Elizabeth II. After the birth of their twin daughters, Annie and Hallie (Lindsay Lohan), Nick and Elizabeth divorce and lose contact, each parent raising one of the twins without telling her about her sister. Nick raises Hallie in Napa Valley and becomes a wealthy wine grower, while Elizabeth raises Annie in London and becomes a famous wedding gown designer. Over 11 years later, Nick and Elizabeth coincidentally enroll their daughters at the same all-girls summer camp in Maine called Camp Walden. Hallie and Annie first meet at the end of a fencing match, when they remove their masks and see that they look exactly alike. A comical hostility between the two girls leads to a prank war that ends when the camp counselors fall into one of Hallie's traps and isolate the twins from the other girls. Living together in an isolation cabin, Hallie and Annie discover they were born on the same day, and each has half of a torn wedding photograph of their parents. Realizing with delight they are twins, the girls act a plan to meet their previously unknown parents. Each girl trains the other to impersonate her, with the intent to switch places at the end of summer camp. When camp is over, the twins put their plan into action. Hallie, pretending to be Annie, goes to London to meet her mother, her maternal grandfather, Charles, and the James family's butler, Martin (Simon Kunz). Annie, pretending to be Hallie, goes to California to meet her father, the Parker family's housekeeper, Chessy (Lisa Ann Walter), their dog Sammy, and Nick's young, opportunistic fiance, Meredith Blake (Elaine Hendrix), who is only interested in Nick's money. Distressed by Meredith's deviousness, Annie telephones Hallie and persuades her to bring Elizabeth to California to break up the engagement. However, Charles catches Hallie on the phone, and in California, Chessy figures out that it's Annie and not Hallie there. Soon, everyone except for Nick and Meredith, who remain unaware of the switch until their newfound family members surprise them, discovers the girls' identities. To bring Nick and Elizabeth together, Hallie, Annie, Chessy, Martin, and Charles conspire to have them meet at a hotel in San Francisco by arranging for Nick to meet Meredith's parents and by not telling Elizabeth about Meredith. Nervous about meeting Nick, Elizabeth asks Martin to accompany Hallie and her. After a few comical mix-ups in the hotel, Nick and Elizabeth eventually see each other. Nick finally learns about the switch and the girls host a candlelit dinner for their parents, served by Chessy and Martin, on a yacht decorated to recreate their first meeting. At dinner, Elizabeth mentions that Nick did not follow her after she left him, and Nick responds that he was not sure if Elizabeth wanted him to. They make plans for the girls to spend holidays together, but decide against resuming their relationship. Dismayed, Hallie and Annie force their parents to take them on a camping tripthe annual outing Nick and Hallie take before school startswhile keeping quiet about which twin is which. Elizabeth coaxes Meredith into camping with Nick and the girls in her place, while she stays behind at the Parker residence. During the trip, the girls play various tricks on Meredith. It all boils over after the two execute their final prank, of sending Meredith out on the lake by their camp while she is sleeping. Meredith becomes enraged and gives Nick an ultimatum: her or his daughters. Nick chooses the girls over Meredith and breaks off the engagement. Although Annie and Hallie are both punished for their shenanigans, they accept it, as they are rid of Meredith for good. Later, out of earshot of the girls, Nick asks Elizabeth to "Remind me to thank them one day." When Nick returns home, he shows Elizabeth his wine collection, which includes the wine they drank at their wedding. Elizabeth is touched at first, but has a change of heart and returns to London with Annie. However, when Annie and Elizabeth get home, they find Hallie and Nick waiting for them, having flown there on the Concorde. They explain that they had realized they didn't want to lose Annie and Elizabeth again and Nick finally chased after Elizabeth like he should've done the first time she left. Elizabeth is fearful of remarrying, but she yields to Nick's unwavering confidence, and Hallie and Annie look on happily as their parents embrace. The ending shows Nick and Elizabeth getting remarried aboard the QE2, with the girls as bridesmaids and Martin and Chessy becoming engaged to be married. 
 Maid in Manhattan (2002)321) A Senatorial candidate falls for a hotel maid, thinking she is a socialite, when he sees her trying on a wealthy woman's dress. Marisa Ventura is a single mother born and bred in the boroughs of New York City, who works as a maid in a first-class Manhattan hotel. By a twist of fate and mistaken identity, Marisa meets Christopher Marshall, a handsome heir to a political dynasty, who believes that she is a guest at the hotel. Fate steps in and throws the unlikely pair together for one night. When Marisa's true identity is revealed, the two find that they are worlds apart, even though the distance separating them is just a subway ride between Manhattan and the Bronx. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Marisa Ventura (Jennifer Lopez) has made a good life for herself and her ten-year-old son, Ty (Tyler Garcia Posey), even if they dont have a lot of money. One Saturday morning Marisa brings Ty to the Beresford. She asks a co-worker to keep an eye on him for her while she and another maid, Stephanie (Marissa Matrone), attend to their chores. One of the hotel guests, a spoiled socialite, Caroline Lane (Natasha Richardson), asks Marisa to return some designer clothes for her. After Caroline leaves, Stephanie coaxes Marisa into trying them on before taking them back to the store. In an uncharacteristically frivolous moment, Marisa slips into the chic, expensive outfits. Ty appears at the door with the handsome Christopher Marshall (Ralph Fiennes), an aspiring U.S. Senator and one of Manhattans most eligible bachelors. Ty has come to ask Marisas permission to walk through Central Park with Christopher and his dog Rufus. Christopher is immediately attracted to Marisa. Assuming she is a hotel guest, he asks her to join them. She is about to refuse, but Stephanie intervenes and accepts for her. Despite the obvious sparks between them, Marisa is reluctant to encourage Christopher, fearing shell lose all that shes worked so hard to build. But he pursues her, even though it could compromise his political career. As romance, mistaken identity and front-page gossip collide, Marisa and Christopher learn that the bigger your dreams, the better the chance they might come true. 