nm0006629:

 Running on Empty (1988)44) The eldest son of a fugitive family comes of age and wants to live a life of his own. The Popes are a family who haven't been able to use their real identity for years. In the late sixties, the parents set a weapons lab afire in an effort to hinder the government's Vietnam war campaign. Ever since then, the Popes have been on the run with the authorities never far behind. Today, their older son wants a life of his own although he is aware that would mean that his parents would either get caught or he will never see them again. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Married couple Annie and Arthur Pope, former student radicals who remain committed to their peaceful causes, have been fugitives from the law since 1971, following their admission of the bombing of a napalm research facility that seriously injured a janitor, who was not supposed to be on duty at the time. They and their two sons, Danny and Harry, have learned to live under aliases and pick up and move at a moment's notice whenever it looks like the feds are getting close, which is on average twice a year. They are able to do so with the help of an underground network of friends, known as the Liberation. Through the network, the only extended family member they are able to keep in touch with periodically is Arthur's mother, Sophie Popov, those meetings always short and hidden away. They don't keep in touch with Annie's parents, wealthy Donald and Abigail Patterson, who they believe are part of the establishment problem of the world. Following Sophie's passing, Arthur believes their family unit of four becomes all the more important. Their constant moving means they have few material possessions, the only thing they need being a getaway vehicle. Their only indulgence is Annie's practice board which she's had since she was a child and which she used to teach Danny to play the piano. Their lives hit a crossroads when Danny reaches his senior year in school in Waterford, New Jersey, and transitions from being a fugitive Pope child into a man with his own dreams and aspirations. It includes falling in love for the first time, with classmate Lorna Phillips. It also includes thoughts of college, he applying to Julliard under the advice of Lorna's father, his music teacher, Mr. Edward Phillips. What Danny is to do in this phase of his life may end up being a joint family decision, Arthur and Annie who know they will never see him again if they let him go unless they give themselves up. Huggo Parents who thought they could change the government by committing a terrorist act against the government, have to confront their misguided mistakes. Living under fake identities becomes a cumbersome cross to bear when their son wants to start his own life and attend college. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Poseidon (2006)431) On New Year's Eve, the luxury ocean liner Poseidon capsizes after being swamped by a rogue wave. The survivors are left to fight for their lives as they attempt to escape the sinking ship. It is New Year's Eve, and over 2,000 passengers & crew are ringing in the New Year aboard the huge cruise ship 'Poseidon' when it capsizes on the open sea in the middle of the North Atlantic Ocean! A small group of survivors find themselves unlikely allies in a battle for their lives. Preferring to test the odds alone, career gambler Dylan Johns ignores captain's orders to wait below for possible rescue and sets out to find his own way to safety. What begins as a solo mission soon draws others, as Dylan is followed by a desperate father searching for his daughter and her fiance--a young couple who hours before couldn't summon the courage to tell him they were engaged and now face much graver challenges. Along the way they are joined by a single mother and her wise-beyond-his-years son, an anxious stowaway and a despondent fellow passenger who boarded the ship not sure he wanted to live but now knows he doesn't want to die. Determined to fight their way to the surface, the group sets off through the disorienting maze of twisted steel in the upside-down wreckage. As the unstable vessel rapidly fills with water each must draw on skills and strengths they didn't even know they possessed, fighting against time for their own survival and for each other. Anthony Pereyra (hypersonic91yahoo.com) The stories of several people unfold on a magnificent ship, Poseidon. Heroine Jennifer Ramsey, the 19-year-old daughter of a patronizing former New York mayor, and her fianc Christian are finding it difficult to tell her father that they're engaged. A single mother and her son Conor run in (literally) to Dylan Johns, a professional gambler and hit it off right away. Elena has agreed to be a steward's entertainment for the cruise if he takes her to New York to see her injured brother. Architect Richard Nelson is drinking himself into a stupor after his boyfriend ditched him. When a rogue wave hits and the ship overturns, the captain tells the surviving passengers that the ballroom is an air bubble and that they will be safe until help arrives. Dylan isn't so sure and sets off to look for an avenue of escape. Conor asks Dylan to take he and his mother. Richard knows that the boat cannot stay afloat upside down. Ramsey insists on going with to find his daughter in the nightclub. The five people take the steward Marco to help them find their way to the bottom/top. In the nightclub, most are dead after being electrocuted by the numerous lights. Survivors are Jennifer, Elena, Lucky Larry and Christian, who is caught under a light. The two groups of adventurers converge and have to fight fire, electricity, tight spaces, elevator shafts and most of all, water. christiefan1 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the northern Atlantic Ocean, the ocean liner Poseidon, named for the Greek god of water, is sailing through the ocean. On one of its thirteen decks, we see Dylan Johns (Josh Lucas) running for an evening workout, stopping when he reaches the top to enjoy the last sunset of 2005. Meanwhile, in one of the 800 cabins, Jen Ramsey (Emmy Rossum) is canoodling with her boyfriend/fiance Christian (Mike Vogel) when they are interrupted by Jen's father, former firefighter/mayor of New York Robert Ramsey (Kurt Russell). Christian immediately starts sucking up to the older man, who tells Christian, "Stop calling me sir....it makes me feel old." He also implies that the kids are having sex, which Jen flatly denies before stomping off to her room of the large suite. Down below in the kitchen, an attractive Spanish girl named Elena (Mia Maestro), is hunting for her friend Marco Valentin. She finds Marco (Freddy Rodriguez), a waiter on the ship, and we quickly learn that he is smuggling her across from Europe so she can be with her sick brother in New York. He gives her some food from a nearby plate, but he tells her that she has to stay in the cabin. Elsewhere, gay architect Richard Nelson (Richard Dreyfus) calling his boyfriend, but he only gets the answering machine, and we can tell that his lover recently broke up with him. That night, Captain Michael Bradford (Andre Braugher) welcomes everyone to his ship. He tells them a little about its namesake and then introduces musical act Gloria (Stacy Ferguson). While she performs we go up a few decks, Dylan and Ramsey are playing a game of Texas Holdem with two others, generic guy five and Lucky Larry (Kevin Dillon). Jen and Christian come up to say hello to Ramsey before heading over to the nightclub as he's nearing a fifty thousand dollar betting mark with Dylan (Larry and guy five folded). Ramsey asks Jen to button up her dress to cover her breasts, and as she does says loudly for all about his hand, a pair of fives . Ramsey looks up at Dylan, who is grinning evilly and saying, "All in." Over at another table, we see Nelson telling some of his friends the story of his breakup and his ex's quick turnaround while he orders a five thousand dollar bottle of wine for the table just before excusing himself to get some air. Meanwhile, we see Dylan walking away with his winnings when he bumps into a kid playing with his PSP. The kid is Connor James (Jimmy Bennet) and he takes an immediate liking to Dylan, as does his mom Maggie (Jacinda Barret) who quickly comes up looking for him. Meanwhile, we see Jen and Chris in the nightclub partying like crazy as Elena picks her way through the crowed lower decks. On the bridge the officer of the watch gets a feeling that "Something's off," when the instruments suddenly detect a HUGE 150-foot tall, tidal wave coming towards the ship (Nelson, who was about to jump overboard, also sees this and it ironically makes him rethink the suicide). The officer orders a hard to starboard in order to meet the wave head on, but it is too late. The wave hits the starboard side of the ship, sweeping dozens of people overboard (some of whom were in the on-deck pool), crushing others, flash-frying some, electrifying a few, and in general causing all sorts of hellish chaos. The Poseidon completely turns over, upside down and within seconds, all power on the ship goes off and the lights fail, plunging the capsized ship into darkness. In the large dining room, after the general chaos has subsided, Captain Bradford calls for order and assures the people that as soon as the rogue wave hit the ship, a signal went off and rescue teams are on the way. As he's talking, Maggie notices Connor stuck on a piano on the ceiling (it was bolted down). Ramsey comes over and with the help of a few others creates a slide out of a curtain for Connor to fall into. In the nightclub Jen in Ok but one of the spotlight girders has fallen on Christian, trapping his leg. Jen tries to get it off but is unable to. Looking around, she spots Elena and gets her to help, and the two girls try again. Ramsey asks the captain to let him go search for Jen but the Captain wants everyone to stay put. Connor notices Dylan taking off, he explains that they can get out through the propeller area. Nelson, Ramsey, Maggie, Connor, decide to join Dylan and they grab Marco to be their guide. As they leave, we see hatches seal behind them as the captain mutters, "God be with them." On the other side, in the galley, the group picks their way through a messed up area, eventually coming to a service elevator that should lead them to safety. To cross the shaft, they grab a flimsy metal shelf and use it as a bridge. Dylan tries to get the doors on the other side open, but they won't budge. He notices the doors on the next level "up" are open, so Nelson volunteers as a stirrup to get him up there. Just as Dylan finishes getting the upper doors open, an elevator cab "above" them starts lurching "down" and it becomes a race to get everyone through. Finally it's down to Nelson and Marco. The makeshift bridg falls, and Marco grabs onto Nelson's leg. Realizing they can't save both, Dylan orders Nelson to kick Marco off, and Marco falls all the way to the bottom of the shaft before being crushed by the elevator which also falls to the bottom as well. The group recovers and heads on. Back in the nightclub, Elena and Jen are still struggling when they are approached by Lucky Larry. He repositions the rod they're using for leverage and they are able to get the girder off of Christian just as the other group arrives. Ramsey and Jen reunite, and everybody is introduced (except for a very drunk Larry). They escape via a hot door that seems to have a fire behind it. Dylan and Ramsey open the door, Dylan reveals he used to be in the Navy, and they end up in the main concourse of the ship. They use a fallen escalator as a bridge to climb to the other side. Most of the group gets across, but when it's Lucky Larry's turn, he decides to do it without help. Just as he's in the middle, an auxiliary diesel unit comes through the ceiling(floor), killing Larry, destroying the bridge and causing a literal waterfall of burning oil. Ramsey says to find another way across, but Dylan grabs a nearby fire hose, dives into the water, swims across, and climbs up to where the others are, making a kind of bungee bridge. Ramsey still wants to find another way, but Jen is insistent on this way and shows him the ring finally. He settles, but then she ducks out and comes back with a little hook for him to hang onto. They slide across together with her piggybacking on him while he holds onto the hook, and the group heads off once more. Back in the concert area, we see people milling around when suddenly the captain notices the glass cracking. He gets about five seconds to digest this when suddenly all the windows burst open and water comes pouring in, drowning everybody. Meanwhile, Elena, Ramsey, Nelson, Jen, Christian, Dylan, Maggie, and Connor have found a shaft that they think might lead "down" to the next level. Ramsey checks it out and says it's good, and eventually they all get in there, despite Elena's claustrophobia. While they're climbing, Ramsey congratulates Christian just as they reach the locked exit from the shaft. Ramsey tries to get his fingers around to unscrew it, but he can't so he calls up Connor to unscrew. As Connor is climbing, Nelson suddenly slips on a part of the vent that had buckled. Elena freaks out, especially since the water is rising, but Dylan manages to convince her to push Nelson out. She does so just as Connor gets the last screw out. They narrowly escape the vent, although Dylan is nearly drowned. They end up in some kind of ballast chamber, and Dylan realizes the only way out of it is to flood the chamber so the vent on one side of the room opens. They let the water in and after a while, the vent opens and they swim for some stairs. On the way though, Elena gets caught on something and manages to cut herself pretty badly. Ramsey manages to get her out of the water and tries CPR but she is drowned. The group leaves Elena's dead body behind, and moves on. The ship is slowly sinking and water levels keep rising. Back with our remaining heroes, we see that the area they need to go get out is currently under more water than they could swim through. Discouraged, they regroup and try to think of another way out when suddenly the ship starts going vertical. They realize that this means the previous way that was blocked might now be clear, and they head that way when Maggie notices that Connor is missing. She and Dylan search for him while the others secure an exit. They find him trapped behind a screen in an area that is rapidly filling with water. Dylan dives under and tries to get him out. After a couple of attempts he frees the boy and the trio rapidly make for the other four, who have made it into the engine room. Nelson sees the door to the bow thrusters and opens it, only to get blown back by the hurricane-force winds the still-active propellor is generating. While Jen looks after him, Christian suggests throwing something in there to block the propellers and get them to stop, but Ramsey points out they'd need to either stop them manually or get them turning the other way, which makes the two argue about who should make the hundred and fifty foot swim to the underwater control room. Christian says that he has better lung capacity so he should do it, and Ramsey reluctantly agrees. Christian moves to say a teary goodbye to Jen, and while he's busy with that, Ramsey dives in and swims off. The other three arrive and are told what Ramsey is doing as we see Ramsey get in the control room. He finds the engine stop button, but it's broken. He starts running out of air, and with his last breath manages to find the button to make the propellers turn the other way. Back in the propeller room, everyone notices that the blades are now turning the other way. Dylan tries to throw a compressed gas tank into the blades to get them to stop, but the tank gets caught crosswise in the narrow door frame. The water threatens to burst into the little room they are in and Dylan finally manages to push the tank into the thruster shaft. There's a huge explosion that blows out that pair of thrusters. The six survivors pick their way through the tube, stopping at a long drop to the water. Dylan says they have to jump, and soon everybody is in the water and swimming for a nearby liferaft. They get in just as the ship goes under, and Jen screams at them to row like crazy so they don't get drowned in the backwash. They manage to escape it. Dylan fires off a flare gun to let any rescue teams know where they are. After a wait, a pair of helicopters arrive and hover over the raft. 
 The Matrix Revolutions (2003)541) The human city of Zion defends itself against the massive invasion of the machines as Neo fights to end the war at another front while also opposing the rogue Agent Smith. Neo finds himself trapped between the Matrix and the Real World. Meanwhile, Zion is preparing for the oncoming war with the machines with very little chances of survival. Neo's associates set out to free him from The Merovingian since it's believed that he is the One who will end the war between humans and the machines. What they do not know is that there is a threat from a third party, someone who has plans to destroy both worlds. Soumitra It is a dark time for the world in this final adventure. the epic war between man and machine reaches a thundering crescendo: the Zion military, aided by courageous civilian volunteers like Zee and the Kid, desperately battles to hold back the Sentinel invasion as the Machine army bores into their stronghold. Facing total annihilation, the citizens of the last bastion of humanity fight not only for their own lives, but for the future of mankind itself. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In this explosive final chapter of the Matrix trilogy, Neo, Morpheus and Trinity battle to defend Zion, the last real-world city, against the onslaught of the machines that have enslaved the human race. And now, as Neo learns more about his heroic powers--including the ability to see the codes of things and the people, he faces the consequences of the choice made in [url=tt0234215]. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bane/Smith and Neo are both in an unconscious state. The former is said to be merely asleep, whereas neural patterns of Neo are identical to those of people who are connected to the Matrix. Morpheus, dispirited after the destruction of the Nebuchadnezzar and discovering the true nature of the Prophecy at the end of the last film, starts a search for Neo within the Matrix despite him not being jacked in. Neo is in fact trapped in a limbo: a subway station named "Mobil Avenue" ("Mobil" notably being an anagram for "Limbo".), a transition zone between the Matrix and the Source (the Machine mainframe). At this station, Neo meets a 'family' of programs (of Indian Origin). The little girl called Sati talks to Neo, saying that her father has told her Neo isn't supposed to be in the station. Father tells Neo that Mobil Avenue is controlled by a program called The Trainman who, in turn, is an exile loyal only to The Merovingian. When Neo tries to board the train with the family, the Trainman refuses, and knocks him away from the train, telling Neo he makes the rules down here. Seraph contacts Morpheus on behalf of the Oracle, who now resides in a different "shell" (see Cast, above). The Oracle informs Morpheus and Trinity of Neo being trapped in Mobil Avenue. Seraph, Morpheus, and Trinity pursue the Trainman to secure Neo's release, but he escapes. Their only option now is to go to a place called Club Hel and confront the Merovingian for Neo's freedom. The three fight their way from the club's parking garage to the coat check station. They engage some of the Merovingian's guards, who are able to walk on ceilings and walls and kill them all, gaining access to the elevator. The trio force their way into a large dance hall, brandishing two guns each. The Merovingian, in a display of scornful admiration, tells them to hand over their guns and he'll meet with them directly. The Merovingian demands "the eyes of the Oracle" in exchange for Neo's release. Trinity however loses her patience and provokes a Mexican standoff in which she, Morpheus, Seraph and the Merovingian each have a gun to their heads, forcing the Merovingian to release Neo. In Mobil Ave, Neo tries to leave by running through the train tunnel. When he does, he simply runs back into the station from the opposite direction. Some time later, Trinity arrives and frees Neo. Troubled by new visions of the Machine City, Neo decides to visit the Oracle one last time before returning to the real world. She informs him that as the One, upon visiting the Source (the Machine mainframe), he developed a connection with it. The Matrix and the rest of the Machine world, are derived from the Source as well. Thus we learn that all of Neo's abilities - both in and out of the Matrix - exist because of this connection. This is how Neo was able to stop the machines giving pursuit after the Nebuchadnezzar was destroyed, although the end result of his lack of preparation was temporary confinement in Mobil Avenue. She characterizes Smith (who is also growing in power) as his exact "opposite" and his "negative". She also elaborates upon the relationship between her and the Architect (tellingly, each of them ejects an exasperated "Please!" when Neo asks them about the other). She also tells Neo cryptically that "everything that has a beginning has an end" and warns that Smith's power threatens not only the Matrix, but also the Source and eventually the Machine City. The Oracle states that the war is about to end "one way or another." After Neo takes leave of the Oracle, a large group of Smith clones arrive at her home. One of them, the original Smith, finds Seraph and Sati. Smith then confronts the unresisting Oracle and assimilates her, and having gained her powers of precognition, the new Smith cackles maniacally at the future he is seeing. In the real world, the remaining crew of the Nebuchadnezzar and the Mjolnir (referred to by the characters as "the Hammer") encounter Niobe's deactivated ship, the Logos and its crew (whose ordeal is portrayed in the game Enter The Matrix). They successfully reactivate the ship and begin to interrogate the now awakened Bane, who claims he has no memory of the events of the earlier battle. After contemplating his visions, Neo announces that he needs a ship to travel to the Machine City, although he cannot explain why. Roland, the Mjolnir's captain refuses him but Niobe (who was told by the Oracle in Enter The Matrix that she would have to make a choice to help Neo or not), lets him take the Logos over Roland's protests. Trinity decides to accompany Neo. The two remaining crews plan to return to Zion, and avoid the Sentinel army by allowing Niobe to pilot the Mjolnir through a series of service tunnels, which are nearly impossible to navigate. Shortly after departure, the Mjolnir's crew discover that Bane has murdered a crew member and has hidden aboard the Logos. However they are unable to double-back in order to warn Trinity and Neo. Before the Logos can depart, Bane ambushes Trinity and takes her hostage. Neo fights Bane, who reveals himself as a manifestation of Smith. During the struggle, Bane manages to blind Neo by cauterizing his eyes with a severed electric cable. As Bane appears to have the upper hand, he closes in on Neo - only to have his attack thwarted and reversed. Neo can see Smith inside Bane as a fiery form, in spite of his blindness. Neo finishes the fight by smashing Bane's head with a jackhandle and releases Trinity, who pilots them towards the Machine City. Niobe, with Morpheus as her co-pilot, flies the Mjolnir through the lowest tunnel system. Flying slowly and at low power to avoid detection, they make their way to Zion. One of the craft's hover pads collides with the debris on the floor of the tunnel - the bang is heard by the sentinels, who immediately pursue the craft. The crew makes a valiant effort to fight them off, however, they overwhelm the ship and begin to damage it with cutting lasers. A small group of sentinels also rips off the craft's communication's antenna, making it impossible for them to signal Zion they're coming. In Zion, the defenders deploy infantry armed with rocket launchers and Armored Personnel Units in order to protect the dock from assault. The dock is breached by two giant drilling machines, Diggers, and a huge swarm of sentinels, igniting The Battle of Zion. Despite a desperate effort the APUs fail in holding the Dock and many are destroyed. In other areas of the dock, Link's wife, Zee, and her partner, Charra, use a rocket launcher to fight the sentinels and Diggers. Charra manages to blow the leg off a Digger, however it uses another of it's legs to stabilize itself. She is also able to disable another Digger for a short time - it is soon reactivated by more sentinels that recharge the massive machine. Zee is able to escape the sentinels, however, Charra is killed by them. During the battle, Captain Mifune fails to open the gate for the approaching Mjolnir and is attacked and viciously wounded by a swarm of sentinels. With his last breath he tells Kid (who was renewing his ammunition supply at the time), to open the gate for the Mjolnir. Kid is reluctant at first, saying he did not complete the combat training needed, only for Mifune to tell him, "Neither did I." The Kid suddenly finds the courage to fight through a cloud of Sentinels to the gate and open it. Just as the remaining humans are about to be overwhelmed, the Mjolnir bursts through the gate, with further Sentinels close behind. The Mjolnir's EMP is fired which disables all electronic equipment in the area. The EMP destroys all the present Sentinels, but it also disables the remainder of Zion's defenses. The humans are forced gather what weapons they can and fall back to the temple entrance, awaiting the next Sentinel swarm which will surely overwhelm them all. Nearing the Machine City, Neo and Trinity fly over the harvesting fields where millions of humans produce energy for the city. They are attacked by the city's defense system, which hurls numerous mobile bombs and Sentinels at the Logos. Neo uses the power given by his connection to the Source to destroy the incoming bombs. However, Sentinels overwhelm the ship. To evade them Trinity flies the Logos up into an electrical storm cloud. The Sentinels are disabled, but the cloud also disables the ship's engines. As the ship emerges temporarily above the cloud layer, Trinity gets her only glimpse of real sunlight and blue sky. The ship then stalls and plummets back into the storm cloud as it free-falls directly toward the Machine City. Trinity attempts to ignite the engines but it is too late and the ship crashes into a machine tower. The impact of the collision fatally wounds Trinity, and she dies in Neo's arms. Neo emerges into the Machine City to strike a bargain with the machines, personified by the Deus Ex Machina. Neo warns the machines that Smith (who has by now assimilated every human and programme within the Matrix) is beyond the machines' control, and will soon assault the Source to which the Matrix is connected. He offers to help stop Smith in exchange for a ceasefire with Zion. The second wave of Sentinels in Zion instantly responds by standing down at the temple entrance. Neo openly confronts the Deus Ex Machina, a massive droid with a human child's face that acts as the interface to The Source. Neo negotiates with it, saying that in exchange for a peaceful coexistence, he'll destroy Smith and his clones, which have infected most of the Machine City. The Deus insists that they don't need Neo's assistance, to which Neo says "If that's true... then you should kill me now." The Deus agrees, providing a connection for Neo to enter the Matrix and confront Smith. The Deus suggests that Neo might fail - Neo says he won't. The city is now wholly populated by tens of thousands of Smith copies - the clone with the Oracle's powers steps forth, claiming he has already foreseen his own victory. Smith's clones stand by and watch while Neo and Smith square off. Fighting on the streets, through buildings and into the sky, they continually repel each other. While battling in the sky, Smith grabs Neo and plunges to the ground with him, creating a massive crater. The two continue to battle in the crater, seemingly to a standstill. Neo is eventually outmatched by Smith, who pauses to gloat that he has "seen this [the details of his victory] before". Describing the details aloud, he cannot remember what he was supposed to say next in his vision. Neo refuses to give up the fight, and a frustrated Smith continues his attack until Neo is too badly hurt to go on. To both Smith and Neo's surprise, Smith announces "everything that has a beginning has an end." Hearing the Oracle's parting advice again allows Neo to understand that Smith's assimilation is not total, and baits the scared Smith into assimilating him. Neo's final words to Smith are, "It was inevitable," quoting Smith's oft-spoken admonition. Smith's assimilation of Neo is seemingly successful, and when the Oracle-Smith asks Neo-Smith whether it is over, he receives a nod and smile as reply. Back in the Machine city, Neo's body spasms as a surge of energy enters his body through the Matrix connection. Neo is returning to the source, and starting with the Neo copy of Smith, a white light begins to rip the clones apart from the inside out. One by one, similar to the destruction of Agent Smith at the end of The Matrix, the copies are destroyed. With the elimination of the Smiths, all the programs and humans that were possessed return to normal, including the Oracle. The Sentinels that were about to attack the humans withdraw from Zion. Neo, having sacrificed himself to save both the Machines and humans, is unplugged from the Matrix and his body is respectfully carried away by the Machines. The Architect, upon meeting the Oracle, tells her that she "played a very dangerous game" by attempting to change the way the Matrix functioned. The Oracle responds by saying that she understood the risk and knew it was worth taking. She asks the Architect what will become of any humans who want to be unplugged from the Matrix, and the Architect replies that "they will be freed." The Oracle asks the Architect, "Do I have your word?" The Architect answers "What do you think I am? Human?" The closing shot of the film depicts a new dawn on the world of the Matrix, created by Sati. Plant life is shown in the Matrix, and for the first (and last) time the ubiquitous green tint is absent. 
 Entourage (20042011)Summaries Film star Vince Chase navigates the vapid terrain of Los Angeles with a close circle of friends and his trusty agent. In this sitcom, the suddenly risen film star Vince Chase, a 'jeune premiere' of humble origins, learns the ropes of the business and the high-profile world of the wealthy happy few in and around Hollywood, but not alone: he brings from his native New York his atypical 'entourage (hence the title), not glitterati or professionals but a close circle of friends since childhood, and his professional agent finds they often make his job harder as the Queens boys not only sponge on the star but also have his ear, so Vince is much harder to counsel. Vince chooses his friend from home Eric as his manager, and LA professional Ari Gold as his agent. Over the course of the Series, they progress from kids from Queens, to actors, to producers and chase the funding and support to try to make the perfect movie for Vincent. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 