nm0002659:

 The Expendables (2010)431) A CIA operative hires a team of mercenaries to eliminate a Latin dictator and a renegade CIA agent. Barney Ross leads the "Expendables", a band of highly skilled mercenaries including knife enthusiast Lee Christmas, martial arts expert Yin Yang, heavy weapons specialist Hale Caesar, demolitionist Toll Road and loose-cannon sniper Gunner Jensen. When the group is commissioned by the mysterious Mr. Church to assassinate the merciless dictator of a small South American island, Barney and Lee head to the remote locale to scout out their opposition. Once there, they meet with local rebel Sandra and discover the true nature of the conflict engulfing the city. When they escape the island and Sandra stays behind, Ross must choose to either walk away and save his own life - or attempt a suicidal rescue mission that might just save his soul. ahmetkozan After a successful assignment to save hostages from pirates in Somalia, Barney Ross and his team of mercenaries, the "Expendables" are invited by Mr. Church to kill the corrupt General Garza, who is the dictator of the Vilena Island in the Gulf of Mexico. Mr. Church offers 5 million dollars and Barney travels with his partner Lee Christmas in their plane to Vilena to meet their local contact, Sandra. They have an incident with one troop and they flee from the island, but Sandra refuses to leave her country and is left behind. They investigate and discover that Church is actually from CIA, that wants them to do the dirty work to destroy the powerful drug dealer and rogue FBI agent James Munroe, who is using the island to grow coke. But Barney also feels divided between staying safe in USA or risky his life to save Sandra and his own soul. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A group of elite mercenaries, the Expendables, are deployed to the Gulf of Aden off the coast of Somalia to halt local pirates from executing the hostages. The team consists of leader Barney Ross (Sylvester Stallone), former SAS soldier and blades specialist Lee Christmas (Jason Statham), martial artist Yin Yang (Jet Li), sniper Gunnar Jensen (Dolph Lundgren), weapons specialist Hale Caesar (Terry Crews) and demolitions expert Toll Road (Randy Couture). Jensen instigates a firefight, causing casualties for the pirates. Yang and Jensen fight over moral disagreements about hanging a pirate. Ross intervenes and fights with Jensen. As a result of his psychological problems, Ross reluctantly dismisses Jensen from the Expendables team. Ross and a rival mercenary Trench (Arnold Schwarzenegger), meet Mr. Church (Bruce Willis). He offers them a contract to overthrow a brutal dictator, General Garza (David Zayas), on Vilena, a fictional island in the Gulf of Mexico. Busy with other things, Trench tells Church to give the contract to Ross. Christmas visits his girlfriend, Lacy (Charisma Carpenter), whom he discovers has left him for another man named Paul. On Vilena, Ross and Christmas meet a local contact, Sandra (Gisele Iti), and drive to the vicinity of Garza's compound to look the situation over. A truckload of Garza's soldiers suddenly appear. When one of them grabs Sandra, he calls her the "General's daughter." He drags her to their truck, but before he can take her Ross and Christmas kill them all. Ross learns that Garza is backed by ex-CIA agent James Munroe (Eric Roberts) and his henchmen Paine (Steve Austin) and The Brit (Gary Daniels), who manipulate and keep Garza in power by making his people fear him. Ross decides to abort the mission and make their escape, but they return and attack Garza's men on a pier, killing 41 of them. Jensen, offended at having been fired by Ross, approaches Garza and Munroe and hires on to help them. Christmas visits Lacy again to find that her new boyfriend Paul has beaten her. Christmas easily beats Paul and several friends in an unfair fight, showing Lacy what he does for a living, and she leaves with him. Ross, Christmas, and Yang deduce that Mr. Church is with the CIA and that the real target is Munroe, as the CIA is unable to control him. Mission coordinator and former teammate Tool (Mickey Rourke) makes an emotional confession to Ross about letting a woman commit suicide during the Bosnian War and how it damaged his soul. Sandra is captured by Munroe's men who waterboard her in an attempt to learn what the Americans had been doing on the island. Ross decides to go back for Sandra. Yang insists that he come along. As they leave, they are ambushed and chased by Jensen and others during an intense gunfight and car chase. The pursuit leads to an abandoned warehouse where Yang and Jensen fight a second time. Jensen attempts to impale Yang on a pipe and after an intense fight, Ross retrieves a weapon from his truck and shoots Jensen. Jensen, severely wounded, apologizes and tells him about the layout of Garza's palace. Ross boards the plane with Yang and finds the rest of the team is also on board, ready to aid their friend. The Expendables infiltrate Garza's compound. Christmas, Yang, Caesar, and Toll plant explosive charges throughout the site, including the storage area full of drugs. The Expendables team fights and shoots its way through Garza's compound and dozens of soldiers. Ross rescues Sandra as she is about to be sexually assaulted by two of Munroe's men, killing them both, but they are both captured by more of Munroe's men, who beat him. He's rescued by Yang and Christmas, assisted by Caesar and other members of the team. After Garza sees Munroe torture his daughter, he changes his mind. They are cornered by dozens of Garza's soldiers. Garza calls out to them to remove the American disease, referring to Munroe as well as the Expendables. Munroe kills Garza. In desperation, Ross blows the charges inside the palace, destroying it and disrupting the attack. They attack dozens of soldiers throughout the compound, destroying them with all the weapons at their disposal: Noveske Rifleworks Diplomat assault rifles, AA-12 12 gauge automatic shotgun firing FRAG-12 explosive rounds, Beretta pistols, knives, and M67 hand grenades. Christmas and Yang kill The Brit and Toll kills Paine. Ross and Caesar destroy the helicopter Munroe, with Sandra in tow as a hostage, was set to escape in. Ross and Christmas fight Munroe and kill him, saving Sandra. Instead of taking payment for the mission, Ross gives it to Sandra to restore the village of Vilena. The team celebrates their victory at Tool's tattoo parlor, with the reformed and recovering Jensen. Christmas and Tool challenge each other to a game of knife throwing and Christmas recites a poem about his respect for Tool, before throwing the knife perfectly in the center of the board. 
 Angel Has Fallen (2019)541) Mike Banning is framed for the attempted assassination of the President and must evade his own agency and the FBI as he tries to uncover the real threat. After the events in the previous film, Secret Service agent Mike Banning finds himself framed for an assassination attempt on the President. Pursued by his own agency and the FBI, Banning races to clear his name and uncover the real terrorist threat which has set its sights on Air Force One. dj_priba After the events in the previous movies , secret service agent Mike Banning is framed for the attempted assassination of the US president Alan Turnbull , using all his strength , and skill. Mike Banning must locate the real threat that lurking and uncovering the deep political connections and ties to the whitehouse. nimhandiyagubadu After training in the facility of his friend Wade Jennings, Mike Banning travels with his team to protect President Trumbull in a fishing trip. However they are attacked by drones that kills eighteen agents and only the wounded Mike and Trumbull in coma survive. When Mike awakes in the hospital, he is cuffed to the bed, accused of attempting the assassination of Trumbull and treason. Soon he learns that he was framed and now he has to prove his innocence and to protect the life of Trumbull. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with Mike Banning (Gerard Butler) undergoing a military training exercise in which he runs through a building while being shot at. He takes out all the targets in his way until he makes it outside the facility and gets shot himself by his teammate Wade Jennings (Danny Huston). One of the other teammates, Bruno (Rocci-Boy Williams), gets pissed at Mike for knocking him down the stairs, though Mike defends himself by reminding him that if he doesn't play it like it's real, then he will die when it is real. Mike then walks with Jennings, who talks about his paramilitary company, Salient Global, while also bringing up Mike's potential promotion to Secret Service Director, which leads to Jennings requesting that Mike could put in a good word for a contract for his team to train in that field. Mike promises to do what he can. Lately, Mike has been suffering from migraines and insomnia. He has gone to see doctors about it, but has been keeping it from the now President Alan Trumbull (Morgan Freeman) and his wife Leah (Piper Perabo). One doctor even refers to him as a "disaster waiting to happen." Mike and Leah also have to raise their infant daughter Lynne, which makes him more hesitant to take on the Director position. Mike goes to the White House for a press conference alongside Trumbull and current SSD David Gentry (Lance Reddick). Trumbull makes it clear that he plans to make war nothing but a last resort, and he wants to establish a better foreign policy. Mike later joins Trumbull on a fishing trip with the other agents. Trumbull tells Mike personally that he is selecting him for the Director position, which Mike thankfully accepts. Moments later, the men spot what looks like a swarm of bats flying through the air. They soon realize that they are drones, which begin to fire upon the agents. Men are blown up where they stand, so Mike jumps to protect Trumbull. The two jump out of the boat and into the water to stay hidden. Mike manages to get Trumbull somewhere safe before both of them lose consciousness. The two men are taken to the hospital, with Trumbull left in a coma. Because of this, Vice President Martin Kirby (Tim Blake Nelson) is sworn in as acting president. Leah rushes to the hospital with Lynne to see Mike. Mike is met by FBI Agent Helen Thompson (Jada Pinkett-Smith), who begins to question him on his possible involvement in the attack against Trumbull. Evidence found in the van that activated the drones suggests that Mike may have carried out the attack since his hair and skin cells, plus residue similar to that in Mike's garage, was found. Mike believes he was set up, though Thompson seems to think that he really was responsible. Shortly after, Mike is taken into custody. The escort team is then attacked and killed, and they take Mike with them. He ends up fighting them and causing them to crash into a tree in the woods. Mike recognizes one of the villains as Bruno, leading him to realize the men from his training exercise might be involved. Mike arms himself and starts running for it. Authorities later come across the scene to discover all the dead men. Meanwhile, it is shown that Jennings is the mastermind behind the attacks, and he deliberately set it up for Mike to take the fall by planting his DNA in the van. Mike calls Leah from a payphone to let her know he is okay, but the call is being tracked by Thompson. Leah tells him that they have been receiving death threats. Mike has to cut the call short when two men who know he is a wanted man try to apprehend him, but Mike disarms them and flees once again by hijacking another gunman's truck. He is spotted by authorities and is chased down the road. Mike crashes the truck into the forest and has to run again. Kirby talks to other White House officials about the potential of the Russian government's involvement in the assassination attempt, and what they can do to resolve the matter. He later announces via a live press conference that Mike was absolutely involved in the attack and that he was working with Russia. Kirby also adds that he is employing a private contractor to aid in a retaliatory attack against Russia. Mike gets a van and drives to find his estranged father Clay (Nick Nolte), a former decorated Ranger who left Mike when he was young and has been supposedly off the grid ever since. Mike had managed to track him down and has known where he's been hiding for a while. Clay has been living alone in a cabin while preparing for any potential attackers. Mike explains his situation to his father, though he is still sore about Clay abandoning him and his mother. Jennings tracks Mike to Clay's location and sends his men after them. The Bannings spot the men on Clay's surveillance cameras, and they head out to fight back. Clay reluctantly helps Mike and sets off explosives around the perimeter, blowing up the bad guys. Mike takes on a few of them on his own before they are all dead. In the morning, Clay shows Mike a radio playing Kirby's announcement. Mike contacts Jennings after realizing he is the villain. The plan all along was to start a war so Salient Global would rack up contracts and clients. Mike and Clay then drive away from the cabin. While stopping for gas, Mike hears on the radio that Trumbull is responding to stimulus, but he knows that Jennings won't stop until Trumbull is dead. Mike also brings up Leah and Lynne to Clay, stressing what he has to lose. Afterwards, Thompson and her fellow agents come across the dead Salient agents, and as she knows what Salient has been responsible for in Iraq, she starts to suspect that Mike really is innocent. As Jennings gets wind that Trumbull is waking up, he gets a call from his employer - Kirby. He orders Jennings to send his men to get it done. Jennings sends his men to the Banning house to get Leah and Lynne. Just as they are being taken outside, Clay shows up to kill the two men. He explains to Leah who he is, and he expresses remorse for abandoning Mike and his mother. He says he will protect Leah and Lynne. Thompson and her partner fly in to the Salient base to confront Jennings. Once he realizes that they know the truth, Jennings kills both of them. Mike makes his way to the hospital where Trumbull is, just after he has woken up. He makes it upstairs but is apprehended. Trumbull orders that Mike be brought to him. Mike asserts that he is being framed, and Trumbull believes it, as he knows that he would not be alive had it not been for Mike. Soon, Mike realizes that Salient is hacking into the hospital's computer system, releasing gas into the rooms. He knows that they are planning on blowing up the hospital. The entire building is evacuated, which Salient tech agents find out about. Jennings knows Mike got there before they did. Once Jennings and his goons arrive, a shootout occurs between Secret Service and Salient agents. Mike runs with Trumbull to get him to safety while Jennings tries to kill both of them. The hospital's ICU is then blown up in an explosion. Mike leaves Trumbull with Gentry as he heads off to kill the Salient agents. He shoots, stabs, and blows up nearly every last man before a military group takes out the rest of them. Jennings attempts to escape in a chopper, but Mike destroys it. The two men then face off one-on-one, which ends with Mike stabbing Jennings, leaving him to bleed out and die. In the aftermath, Mike is exonerated, while Trumbull and Gentry learn about Kirby's involvement with Salient, and he is arrested. Clay is then allowed to live with Mike and his family to make up for lost time. Mike goes to meet with Trumbull to tell him that he feels he must resign since he failed to tell him about his recent medical problems, and that he doesn't seem himself fit to protect him. Trumbull forgives Mike and says that the Secret Service Director position is still his if he wants it. Mike accepts. During the closing credits, Mike and Clay decide to spend some quality time together by going to a spa. Clay does not appear to enjoy it. 
 Rambo: Last Blood (2019)431) Rambo must confront his past and unearth his ruthless combat skills to exact revenge in a final mission. Almost four decades after they drew first blood, Sylvester Stallone is back as one of the greatest action heroes of all time, John Rambo. Now, Rambo must confront his past and unearth his ruthless combat skills to exact revenge in a final mission. A deadly journey of vengeance, RAMBO: LAST BLOOD marks the last chapter of the legendary series. After the blood-soaked ballet of bullets in Rambo (2008) , the last survivor of an elite unit of Green Berets, John Rambo, finds himself unable to keep the terrors of this world at bay, still trying to keep the lid on his simmering emotions. Secluded in his deceased father's horse ranch in Arizona, John--along with his teen niece, Gabrielle, and her grandmother, Maria--leads a serene life, until an urgent invitation drags the gullible seventeen-year-old girl to the squalid slums of Mexico, in search of a ghost. Now, even though he tried so hard to renounce his former violent self, once more, John is on the warpath, many painful decades after the bitter guerrilla warfare in First Blood (1982) . Nearly all his life, John has been fighting a seemingly interminable war, seeking a place he could call home. But, what's the good of pursuing a beautiful dream when everyone you love has gone? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in Arizona where the aged John Rambo (Sylvester Stallone) now lives on his late father's ranch, which he shares with his close friend Maria Beltran (Adriana Barraza) and her teenage granddaughter Gabrielle (Yvette Monreal), the latter who views Rambo as something of an uncle. In the years since his last battle in Burma, Rambo has been plagued with PTSD and is still haunted by the memories of death and bloodshed from Vietnam to Afghanistan and Burma. He has also been constructing a series of tunnels beneath the ranch. Gabrielle asks if she can invite friends over to the tunnels for a party, which Rambo allows. During the party, Gabrielle is contacted by her friend Jezel (Fenessa Pineda), who has information on Gabrielle's long lost father Miguel (Marco de la O). She explains her situation to Rambo, who knows the man and tells Gabrielle that she should not have to go looking for a man that never bothered to have any part in her life. He also adds that he knows how terrible men can be, and pursuing this man would only hurt her. This carries into the next morning when Gabrielle argues with Maria about going to Mexico to find Miguel, who apparently used to beat Gabrielle's mother before Rambo intervened. Gabrielle pretends to be heading out somewhere nearby, but she instead drives to Mexico to meet with Jezel. She leads Gabrielle to Miguel's house. He privately speaks to her and firmly tells her that he never wanted anything to do with her or her mother. Gabrielle leaves in tears, but Jezel tries to cheer her up by taking her out to a club. There, Gabrielle talks to a man and has drinks before he slips drugs into her drink. The next day, Maria gets a call from Jezel saying Gabrielle has disappeared. Rambo takes it upon himself to drive out to Mexico and find Gabrielle himself. He stops at Miguel's house and intimidates him by saying he should have broken his neck all those years earlier, and that this whole mess is his own fault. Rambo then locates Jezel and quickly figures that she sold Gabrielle into a human trafficking ring after he notices that Jezel is wearing Gabrielle's bracelet that belonged to her mother. We then see that Gabrielle is lined up among other kidnapped young women being held captive by a cartel. One of the leaders, Victor Martinez (Oscar Jaenada), drags in one woman who tried to escape inside and threatens them all with death if they try to escape again. Rambo forces Jezel to take him to the club where she took Gabrielle. There, they spot the man that Gabrielle was talking to. Rambo is observed by a nearby woman named Carmen Delgado (Paz Vega). Rambo follows the man to his car and threatens him with his knife. When he refuses to talk, Rambo hits him hard in the shoulder with the butt end of the blade before stabbing him in the leg and then viciously digging into the shoulder wound to crack his bones painfully before the man reveals where Gabrielle was taken. Rambo drives to the location of the cartel's base where he is easily spotted. Carmen has also followed him. Victor is joined by his brother Hugo (Sergio Peris-Mencheta) and their gang of men. Rambo walks to meet with the brothers with the men surrounding him. He takes out a picture of Gabrielle, and the brothers recognize her. The gang beats Rambo badly, and Hugo threatens Rambo with hurting Gabrielle since he came out for her. Victor then marks Rambo by cutting a V on his cheek and leaving him there for dead. He is rescued by Carmen, but the brothers torture Gabrielle. Over the next few days, Rambo recovers in Carmen's house while Gabrielle is forced into trafficking, made more passive by drugs they inject her with. Meanwhile, Maria can only sit around and wait for Rambo and Gabrielle to return. After Rambo wakes up, Carmen tells him that her sister was kidnapped by the Martinez brothers' cartel and she was killed. She has been investigating them ever since in the hopes of bringing them down. Rambo gets himself ready to get Gabrielle back. Rambo infiltrates a brothel and slaughters the men running the place, as well as several unlucky clients. He orders the women to run, but they all say that they will be killed if they run. He manages to find Gabrielle's room, where she is barely conscious. Rambo picks her up and carries her out of there. The Martinez brothers later come across the place and know that Rambo is responsible for the deaths of all their men. Victor chastises Hugo for not killing Rambo when they had the chance. On the drive back to Arizona, Rambo tries telling Gabrielle that she has been a source of hope for him in the years since he came back home, and that he cares about her a lot. Sadly, Gabrielle dies moments later after succumbing to the excess drugs. Rambo returns home in the morning and must break the news to Maria. Rambo and Maria bury Gabrielle on his ranch. Maria leaves the house to go stay with her sister, and she tells Rambo that she will remain sad until the day she dies. Rambo, now fueled by hatred and revenge, begins to rig the tunnels and set traps across the ranch. He returns to Mexico to ask for Carmen's help in finding Victor. She is hesitant at first since she doesn't think that any good will come of it, but Rambo convinces her since these men are responsible for the deaths of people they both loved. Rambo locates Victor's home and proceeds to slay every man in his path before getting to Victor. When Hugo arrives, he finds Victor's headless and bloodied corpse on the bed with Gabrielle's picture stabbed into his chest. Rambo is then seen driving back, and he tosses Victor's head on the highway. Hugo and his men prepare for war and steal across the border through tunnels dug underneath the fence. The cartel drives to Rambo's ranch where he waits for them. The first vans that drive onto the property get blown up by one of the roadside booby traps. The rest of the men begin to storm the tunnels, where they get impaled by other traps or get blown up by C4 explosives. Rambo lurks in the darkness and blasts any man that he finds, as well as dismembers them with his blade. As Hugo loses more and more men, Rambo gets closer to him and sends out a message through the radio to let Hugo know that his death is coming. Rambo blows up the tunnels to bury all the remaining men underground, but Hugo manages to get out and make it into the barn. Unfortunately for him, Rambo is waiting, and he fires four arrows at Hugo to pin him against the wall. Rambo approaches him and tells him that because Hugo ripped out Rambo's heart in the figurative sense, Rambo will now do that to him literally. He cuts deep into Hugo's chest with his blade before pulling his heart out and showing it to him before Hugo dies. Rambo, wounded from the fight, goes to sit in his rocking chair on his front porch. His voice-over states that he is now alone, as everyone he has ever loved is now gone, but he will continue to fight to keep their memories alive. After a while, Rambo picks himself up and rides his horse into the sunset. 
 The Hitman's Bodyguard (2017)44) The world's top bodyguard gets a new client, a hitman who must testify at the International Criminal Court. They must put their differences aside and work together to make it to the trial on time. With his reputation in tatters after the painfully unsuccessful delivery of a distinguished Japanese client, the former triple-A protection agent, Michael Bryce, is now reduced to a mere second-class bodyguard for hire, two years after the disgraceful incident. Under those circumstances, Bryce would do anything to prove his worth, and, before long, he accepts an offer from Interpol to escort the international assassin, Darius Kincaid, from Manchester to the Hague. The task seems simple: Bryce needs to transport him from point A to point B; nevertheless, the trip to the Netherlands is long and hazardous, and Kincaid--as the only one with the guts and enough hard evidence to testify against a tyrannical Belarusian dictator--is an obvious target. Undoubtedly, it's a tough job, as the mismatched duo will have to put aside their grudges, and race against the clock in a non-stop concerto for bullets. Can the hitman's bodyguard carry through the most important mission in his career? Nick Riganas Belarussian dictator Vladislav Dukhovich is standing trial for genocide. The trial is not going well for the prosecution - their witnesses tend to turn up dead. They have one trump card though - hitman Darius Kincaid is willing to testify against Dukhovich. Interpol try to get Kincaid to the trial but after the convoy is ambushed, Interpol agent Amelia Roussel, aware that there is a Dukhovich spy in her own organisation, calls in outside help - professional bodyguard Michael Bryce. One problem - Bryce and Kincaid hate each other. grantss London elite bodyguard Michael Bryce lost his AAA status by trusting his police (now ex) lover Amelia Roussel, compromising his Japanese charge, reducing him to babysitting second rate clients. Now she works for Interpol, which needs to escort most-wanted hit-man Darius Kincaid from their Manchester HQ to The Hague, as crown witness against arrested former tyrannical White Russian president Vladislav Dukhovich, in exchange for the liberation of his dragon-bitch-wife Sonia. The armed convoy was attacked and Darius barely reached a safe-house due to an Interpol mole. Amelia promises to restore Bryce's status if he helps get Darius, who happened to eliminate the Japanese client, safely to the Interational Court. Dukhovich's hired guns spare to effort to kill them, so they must grudgingly collaborate. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 