nm0005012:

 Sister Act 2: Back in the Habit (1993)66) Showgirl Deloris Van Cartier returns as Sister Mary Clarence to teach music to a group of Catholic students whose run-down school is slated for closure. The sisters come back to Deloris' (Whoopi Goldberg's) show to get her back as Sister Mary Clarence to teach music to a group of students in their parochial school, which is doomed for closure. One of the girls, Rita Watson (Lauryn Hill), who is the most talented of the bunch, is forbidden to sing by her mother, Florence Watson (Sheryl Lee Ralph), although the choir has made it to the state championship. A group of monks tries to stop them. Scott Hutchins <scottandrewh@home.com> Former Reno, Nevada lounge singer Deloris Van Cartier (Whoopi Goldberg), who once took refuge at St. Katherine's convent in San Francisco to evade a contract hit on her, and in the process, as Sister Mary Clarence, was able to rejuvenate the failing parish by transforming what was the sisters' terrible choir into a successful sacred version of her lounge act, parlays the renown from that experience into a popular Las Vegas, Nevada show. St. Katherine's Mother Superior (Dame Maggie Smith), who now along with Sisters Mary Lazarus (Mary Wickes), Mary Patrick (Kathy Najimy), and Mary Robert (Wendy Makkena) teach at St. Francis Academy still in San Francisco, ask Deloris to return to perform her magic in teaching the academy's music class, Deloris who accepts in her gratitude for what her now friends, the sisters, did to save her life. Deloris, however, has to reassume her habit-adorned Sister Mary Clarence persona as the academy's by-the-books principal, Father Maurice (Barnard Hughes), and its hard-nosed administrator, Mr. Crisp (James Coburn), would not tolerate a Vegas showgirl amongst the teaching staff. Deloris finds that the academy, most specifically the music class, is populated by a bunch of kids who have attitude issues in their belief that they are destined to become nothing as no one, in their mind, cares about them. The student with the biggest attitude issue is Rita Watson (Lauryn Hill), that attitude which masks problems at home with her single mother, hairdresser Florence Watson (Sheryl Lee Ralph), who quashes what are Rita's true dreams. Deloris also finds that the students view the music class as a "bird" course, and will do whatever they can to keep it as a bird course meaning getting rid of "Sister Mary Clarence" as their teacher. In the process, Deloris discovers that Mr. Crisp, who has a purely economic as opposed to humanistic approach to his job, has recommended that the academy be closed at the end of the school year, and the valuable property sold. If Deloris is able to transform her class into believing in their talents, she, along with what Mary Lazarus, Mary Patrick, and Mary Robert discover amongst the academy's storage, may be part of the school's salvation, that is if they can hide their activities and Mary Clarence's true identity from Crisp. Huggo Deloris Van Cartier is again asked to don the nun's habit to help a run-down Catholic school, presided over by Mother Superior. And if trying to reach out to a class full of uninterested students wasn't bad enough, the sisters discover that the school is due to be closed by the unscrupulous chief of a local authority. yusufpiskin The sisters come back to Delores's show to get her back as Sister Mary Clarence to teach music to a group of students in their parochial school which is doomed for closure. One of the girls is forbidden to sing by her mother, although the choir has made it to the state championship. yusufpiskin Deloris Van Cartier (Whoopi Goldberg) is again asked to don the nun's habit to help a run-down Catholic school, presided over by Mother Superior (Dame Maggie Smith). And if trying to reach out to a class full of uninterested students wasn't bad enough, the sisters discover that the school is due to be closed by the unscrupulous local authority chief Mr. Crisp (James Coburn). Jonathan Broxton <j.w.broxton@sheffield.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Conspiracy Theory (1997)431) A taxi driver with a penchant for conspiracy theories becomes a target after one of these theories turns out to be true. Unfortunately, to save himself, he has to figure out which theory it is. Jerry Fletcher is a man in love with a woman he observes from afar. She works for the government. Fletcher is an outspoken critic of that government. He has conspiracy theories for everything, from aliens to political assassinations. But soon, one of his theories finds itself to be accurate. But which one? Some dangerous people want him dead, and the only person he trusts is the woman he loves, but does not know. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> Jerry Fletcher (Mel Gibson) is a New York City taxi driver, who has a strange habit. He makes complicated scenarios of conspiracies and publishes them in a newsletter sent out to five recipients. He keeps doing that, until something unbelievable happens: One of his "conspiracy theories" turns out to be real, and so he finds himself chased by the man hiding behind the whole thing. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jerry Fletcher (Mel Gibson), an obsessivecompulsive New York City taxi driver, visits his friend Alice Sutton (Julia Roberts), who works for the U.S. Attorney, at the Justice Department. She is trying to solve her father's murder. Jerry tells her that NASA is trying to kill the President using a secret weapon on the Space Shuttle that can trigger earthquakes. Jerry identifies some men on the street as CIA, follows them into a building, and is captured by them. He wakes up in a mental hospital bound to a wheelchair. A doctor (Patrick Stewart) tapes his eyes open, injects him with LSD, and interrogates him using torture. As the LSD kicks in Jerry remembers many previous sessions, which he sees as terrifying cartoons. In a fit of panic, Jerry manages to bite the doctor's nose and sufficiently incapacitate him long enough to escape, still bound to the wheelchair. He manages to shut himself in a laundry truck, escaping the premises. Jerry goes to Alice's office again and grabs a guard's gun, collapsing in Alice's arms. Alice visits Jerry in the hospital. Handcuffed to the bed and forced to enter a drug-induced sleep, he pleads with her to switch his chart with that of a criminal in the next bed or he will be dead by morning. In the morning, when Alice visits again, the criminal is dead, as he has suffered a mysterious heart attack during the night. The CIA, FBI and other agencies are there. She meets a mysterious CIA psychiatrist, Dr. Jonas. Meanwhile Jerry fakes a heart attack and escapes again, dropping himself down a linen chute. Jerry dresses up as a doctor and escapes the building. Jonas quizzes Alice over lunch; she explains that Jerry saved her from muggers once, so she tolerates him. In Jerry's hospital room she finds a copy of The Catcher in the Rye. As she discusses it with an FBI officer named Lowry, the CIA come and confiscate all of Jerry's personal items. Lowry offers to share information with her but she declines. The CIA cannot find Jerry. Alice goes to her car, and finds Jerry hiding in it. She stops the car and speaks with Lowry, who is tailing them, and then they go to Jerry's apartment where he tells her about his conspiracy theories and his newsletter. He has dozens of copies of Catcher. He feels compelled to buy it, but doesn't know why. They are interrupted when Jerry's alarm goes off, signaling the entry of a CIA SWAT team. Jerry sets everything on fire and they leave by his secret trapdoor exit. In the room below, there is a large mural on the wall, which features both Alice and the triple smokestacks of a factory near the mental institution. The pair go to Alice's apartment and he reveals he's been watching her through her window. She kicks him out. Outside, Jerry confronts Lowry and his partner staking out her place, and he warns them, at gunpoint, not to hurt her. He goes to a book store and buys a copy of Catcher. The CIA detects his purchase, and sends agents to catch him. Jerry sees their black helicopters with men rappelling down and goes into a theater. He yells "there's a bomb under my chair" and manages to escape during the resulting panic. The next morning, Alice has been calling each person who gets the newsletter, and they have all died that night except one. Jerry uses a ruse to get her out of the office, and then attaches cables from the CIA vehicle following her to a vendor's cart. On a bus they discuss more of his theories. In a subway station where one Herriman drowned in another conspiracy, she agrees to check the autopsy. He says he loves her and she rejects him. Alice goes to see the last surviving person on the subscription list, and it is Jonas. He explains that Jerry was an MK-ULTRA subject but the project was terminated - except for his research. Jonas shows her a photo of her father taken from Jerry's locker, and claims that Jerry went out of control and killed her father. She is crushed. Jerry sends Alice a pizza containing a message to meet him. Jonas gets her to agree to a homing device in the pizza box and Jerry drives her with the box across the Queensboro bridge. He has made previous arrangements that enable him to ditch the agents following them, leaving the homing device behind. As he drives her to her father's private horse stables, Jerry tells her that he can almost remember what happened and is taking her to where "the music is playing." Alice turns on her mobile phone so they can still track her. At the stables Jerry remembers that he was sent to kill her father (a judge who was about to expose Jonas's operation) but found he couldn't kill him. Instead they became friends and Jerry promised to watch over Alice before the judge was killed by another assassin. She admits she switched the charts in the hospital. The CIA arrive and capture Jerry. Jonas gloats but Jerry says, "you've never seen her run." Alice outruns the men; a sniper misses her, killing the last guy chasing her, and she escapes. Jonas tortures Jerry again. Meanwhile, Alice leads the FBI men (who are not actually FBI but from a "secret agency that watches the other agencies") to Jonas's office, but it has been entirely dismantled. Declining Lowry's help, Alice starts searching for Jerry. She realizes that a detail of Jerry's large mural is near a mental hospital and goes there. She bribes an attendant to show her an unused wing, breaks in through locked doors, and finds Jerry after hearing him singing through the ventilation ducts. As Jonas catches them, Lowry arrives with his men and attacks Jonas's men. Jerry attempts to drown Jonas but is shot once. In retaliation, Alice shoots Jonas dead. Alice tells Jerry she loves him as he is taken away in an ambulance. Some time later, Alice visits Jerry's grave, leaving his union pin upon it, before returning to horse riding. As she rides away, Jerry, Lowry and Flip watching her. Jerry is not allowed to contact her until they are sure they have rounded up all of Jonas's other subjects. He secretly lets her know he is still alive by placing his union pin on her horse's saddle and the film ends. 
 How to Be Single (2016)651) A group of young adults navigate love and relationships in New York City. There's a right way to be single, a wrong way to be single, and then...there's Alice. And Robin. Lucy. Meg. Tom. David. New York City is full of lonely hearts seeking the right match, be it a love connection, a hook-up, or something in the middle. And somewhere between the teasing texts and one-night stands, what these unmarrieds all have in common is the need to learn how to be single in a world filled with ever-evolving definitions of love. Sleeping around in the city that never sleeps was never so much fun. Josh was the perfect dorm mate and graduated to devoted fiance for Alice, but she insists on 'a break' to 'find herself' on search of a paralegal career in New York. By the time she's ready to crawl back, he committed to a smarter woman. Meanwhile she joined a loose band of lonely hearts in the Big Apple, drawn along with corpulent but shameless law firm colleague Robin, who jumps any male bones which allow her. handsome, suave bar man Tom on the other hand has his slick ways to let girls come to him as one night stands and be out of his hair the next day, yet he makes an exception. KGF Vissers Four women with vastly different ideas about love and relationships navigate the single life of New York City. Taking a break from her long-term boyfriend Josh (Nicholas Braun), Alice (Dakota Johnson) sets out on a journey of self-discovery with her hard-drinking new friend Robin (Rebel Wilson). Meanwhile, Alice's career-driven older sister Meg (Leslie Mann) struggles with the idea of settling down, and uptight romantic Lucy (Alison Brie) searches for her perfect match.. In New York City, Alice, Meg, Robin and Lucy, loosely or not so loosely connected, are four women at different emotional stages of being single. Never having been alone, Alice, freshly out of college and in her first real job as a paralegal, decided that she needed a break in her four year relationship with her college sweetheart Josh, who is heartbroken from the news, with Alice saying that she will return to him when she finds what she needs in that solitude. She assures him that sowing oats or another man are not factors in her decision. Alice has no skills to be alone and thus, perhaps without even realizing it, may put out those vibes to men in wanting a relationship, whether it be with Josh or anyone else. Years after a painful break-up, Meg, Alice's older sister, has focused on her career as an obstetrician, although she herself has no desire to have any children of her own in not actually liking children. When she changes her mind and decides to have a baby through IVF and sperm from a bank in still not wanting a man in her life, she does not seem to have space for a significant other even if one stumbles into her realm, even one that loves everything about her and is not deterred by any of her craziness, pregnancy related or not. Robin, Alice's coworker, doesn't seem to have any personal boundaries or respect for anyone else's boundaries in being the ultimate party girl who overindulges in everything associated with partying, including the frequency of her sexual encounters with whoever can match her needs that evening. And Lucy, who lives above the bar they all frequent, the bar where she hangs out more often than her own apartment in it having more reliable WiFi, is methodical yet so far unsuccessful in her approach to finding her life mate, he who has to check off a number of boxes. The common bond between them all in terms of a man is Tom, the venue's bartender who is up front with all the women he hooks-up with that he has no interest in anything with them immediately after their sexual encounter, with the majority of those hook-ups only hearing what they want to hear which is not what he tells them. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening scenes introduce four individual women; Alice (Dakota Johnson) has been in a relationship with Josh (Nicholas Braun) for four years since college, but she has now decided she wants to spend time alone and not be held down in a relationship as she moves to New York City to start her new job. Robin (Rebel Wilson) is a plump Australian who loves partying, drinking, doing drugs, and being single which she takes advantage of whenever she can, and this usually leads to her ending up in a stranger's apartment. Meg (Leslie Mann), Alice's older sister, is a doctor who has delivered multiple babies but never felt the need to settle down and have one herself. Lucy (Alison Brie) is overbearing and a terminal neurotic klutz who comes off too strong around men, which usually scares them away. Lucy goes to the bar downstairs from her apartment to use the Wi-Fi. She meets the bartender, Tom (Anders Holm), who wonders why Lucy would be single. She uses an algorithm to determine that at least one guy in all of NYC has all the qualities she desires, and she's on multiple dating sites to find the right guy. Alice starts her job as a paralegal at the firm where Robin works. After work, Robin invites Alice to hang out with her in the city and see what it's like to enjoy single life the right way. At Tom's bar, Robin tries to entice Alice to flirt with various men, but Alice, being too forceful just like Lucy does her own pick up lines, makes a fool out of herself. The next morning, both ladies wake up hungover in Meg's apartment, along with someone Robin hooked up with. The two then head to work with only 30 minutes to spare. Robin takes Alice through a crazy fix-up routine that she claims she can do in 20... but they're late by 3 1/2 hours. At work, Meg is left to look after a woman's baby. After spending a few minutes alone with the kid, Meg quickly falls for it and admits to herself that she wants to have a kid of her own. Robin takes Alice back to Tom's bar for another night of partying and picking up men. Tom meets and ends up hooking up with Alice. She learns that Tom embraces his bachelor lifestyle and has a carefully-planned setup for making sure his hook-ups leave quickly the next morning, such as cutting off water so that women would have to leave and find water for their hangovers. Another evening or two later, Lucy is at the bar in her sweatpants, when she is approached by a bachelorette party of old friends. When pressed with the question of her relationship, Lucy awkwardly tries to come up with an answer until Tom swoops in and kisses her in front of the party, to their surprise. The next morning, Alice meets with Josh at her favorite pancake place to tell him she is ready to get back into a relationship. However, Josh says he is seeing someone else, upsetting Alice. Meg has decided to do IVF to have a baby. Her first donor's sample is unsuccessful, but the second one leads to a pregnancy. Almost soon afterwards, Alice brings Meg to an office party where Meg meets Ken (Jake Lacy). They hook up that night and eventually begin a relationship, but Meg hides the pregnancy from Ken. Alice takes Robin's advice and starts to put herself back out there. She starts trying new things like bike-riding through the city and taking a cooking class. She attends a Wesleyan alumni networking event and meets a single dad named David (Damon Wayans, Jr.). Alice and Robin go to a Christmas party held by Josh and his girlfriend Michelle (Sarah Ramos), with Alice having to pretend she is Josh's cousin. Annoyed at having to see the two of them dance together, Alice decides to leave to check out the Rockefeller tree. She bumps into David, who takes her to a building he owns where they get a great look at the tree. They then have their first kiss. Three months later, Alice and David are dating, but it goes bad when Alice meets David's five-year-old daughter Phoebe (Zani Jones Mbayise). They start to sing "Can't Take My Eyes Off You", which agitates David because he hasn't gotten over the passing of his wife and he's not ready for someone to step in and be a new mom for Phoebe. He breaks it off with Alice. Meanwhile, Lucy has been seeing a guy named Paul (Colin Jost), which bugs Tom because he realizes he's got feelings for her. After three weeks, Lucy learns that Paul has been seeing other people, and he breaks it off with her at Grand Central Station. Later, as Lucy is reading to children at a book store, she starts to freak out and make a scene in front of all the kids and their parents, going as far as trying to rip off her Spanx with safety scissors. She is stopped by George (Jason Mantzoukas), a man who works at the book store with whom she instantly shares an attraction. Ken is walking down the street and is shocked when he finds Meg in a store looking for baby products. He finally sees her baby bump and learns she is pregnant. He makes the mistake of calling her crazy (Meg tells him "you NEVER call a pregnant woman crazy!"), and although Ken wants to help her raise the baby, Meg thinks it won't work, so she breaks it off with him. Alice runs into Josh and his parents outside the pancake shop. They take a selfie, and it appears that Josh's mom still misses Alice. Josh later texts Alice admitting that he misses her too. She then gets an invite from Tom to get drunk. The two of them express their frustrations over the people they've been seeing. Alice then realizes they've reached their drink limit (because according to Robin, in every male-female friendship, there's a number of drinks to pass until they consider sleeping with each other), and she and Tom have sex. Another month or so later, Alice later has a birthday party on a roof that Robin throws for her. To her horror, Tom, Josh, AND David are all there, having been invited by Robin. Alice tries to avoid all of them and argues with Robin, leading to Robin saying that Alice always falls into a guy's "dicksand" and loses her identity in a relationship. Meanwhile, Tom finds Lucy and tries to admit his feelings to Lucy, but she's engaged to George. She says that Tom doesn't really love her, and that he should move on. Alice goes to the fire escape to be alone, only to be met by Josh. They go back to make out, until he lets slip that he's engaged to Michelle. Alice realizes what Robin was talking about, and she leaves. She gets into a cab, which Robin jumps in front of to get a ride for Meg, who is going into labor. The three head to the hospital, but Robin leaves the sisters to their business. Meg gives birth to a healthy baby girl. Ken shows up, having been called by Alice. He tells Meg he loves her, and she admits she loves him too. They rekindle their relationship and spend time with the baby. A few weeks later, Alice goes to Robin's apartment to apologize, and they express their love for each other. Alice then discovers that Robin is very wealthy and has a huge apartment. In the epilogue, we see what happens to the main characters; Robin is still happily single and still the party-girl type at local nightclubs. Meg and Ken are raising the child together. Lucy and George get married. Tom fixes the plumbing in his home, indicating he is ready to commit in some way. David opens up to his daughter about losing her mother, and they watch a video of Phoebe when she was little with her mother, who sings "Can't Take My Eyes Off You" to her, making David tear up. In the final shot, Alice decides to finally enjoy single life and goes hiking through the Grand Canyon. 
 Lauryn Hill: Doo Wop (That Thing) (1998 Video)Summaries Promotional music video of Lauryn Hill's single from the album 'The Miseducation of...'. She plays the song in a block party set in 1967 and 1998. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 