nm0005330:

 Lost Souls (2000)Summaries A Catholic teacher meets an atheist journalist, whom a group of Catholics and Priests believes has been chosen by the devil to be the Antichrist. A group of Catholics go to a mental institution to perform exorcism in the murderer George Viznik (Brad Greenquist). Father Lareaux (Sir John Hurt), Deacon John Townsend (Elias Koteas), Father Frank Page (Brian Reddy), and the teacher Maya Larkin (Winona Ryder), who was possessed and exorcised in the past, unsuccessfully try to exorcise the man and Father Lareaux is deeply affected and falls into a coma. Maya brings the Viznik's coded writings and after deciphering it, she concludes that the writer Peter Kelson (Ben Chaplin) might be the Antichrist to be incarnated by Satan. She seeks him out but the atheist Peter, who has been raised by his uncle Father James (Philip Baker Hall), does not believe in her. But when strange things happen to him, Peter meets Maya and they investigate together the chance to save his soul. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A small group of Catholics led by an ailing Priest believe that Satan intends to become man, just as God did in the person of Jesus. The writings of a possessed mental patient lead them to Peter Kelson (Ben Chaplin), a writer who studies serial killers. They think it's his body Satan will occupy. The youngest in the group, a teacher named Maya Larkin (Winona Ryder), goes to Peter to investigate further and to convince him to believe in the possibility of Evil incarnate. Other signs come to him as he and Maya them take a journey full of strange occurrences, self-discovery, and an ultimate showdown. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Desert Saints (2002)Summaries An American assassin, who works for cartels in Latin America, is back in USA. He gets a woman before each job and kills her after. FBI's on to him but are curious about his next big job. Banks is a hit man, the best, usually working for Latin American drug cartels. He picks up solitary women, uses them briefly for a job, then kills them. He's in the Southwest, headed toward Mexico, when he picks up Bennie, a woman leaving an abusive marriage, going to Paradise, Arizona. The film follows three tracks: Banks's slow recruitment of Bennie, the set-up for the hit at a swank resort in Mexico, and the FBI's close pursuit of Banks, whom they want alive in hopes he'll rat out his bosses. Bennie may not be who she seems, and there may be a chink in Banks's tough-guy armor. Guns, money, and a chance at Paradise. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Big Easy (1986)Summaries A corrupt lieutenant in the homicide division is threatened by the righteous DA while trying to solve a string of mysterious murders. Set in New Orleans. Remy McSwain, lieutenant in Homicide finds that he has two problems, the first of a series of gang killings and Ann Osborne, a beautiful attorney from the D.A.'s police corruption task force in his office. He begins a relationship with her as the killings continue only to have charges filed against him for accepting bribes as he stumbles on a police corruption Sting. While this is happening, the criminals insist that none of the crime gangs are behind the killings. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> McSwain reckons he's an honest cop, though he's happy to go along with the kickbacks from the precinct 'Widows and Orphans Fund'. When it comes to murder he's definitely on the right side and is irritated to find his latest investigation being followed by Anne Osborne from the D.A.'s office. Out of work they hit it off pretty quickly, making it difficult for Anne to handle when his more questionable activities come to light and she has to prosecute him. In turn McSwain starts to suspect that he's investigating something more than mob slayings. J-26 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ice House (1989)Summaries Pake has left a good paying job working in the oil fields of Texas in order to give the music business a try. Eventually he finds himself alone and with no money in a hotel room in Los Angeles. He sets up a meeting with his old girlfriend Kay. When he meets her, she is with her fiancee. He is a Greek immigrant who desperately needs to marry Kay in order to become a permanent resident in this country. However his plans are in trouble because of Pake trying to convince Kay to go back to Texas with him and get married. anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 