nm0000295:

 Van Helsing (2004)651) The famed monster hunter is sent to Transylvania to stop Count Dracula, who is using Dr. Frankenstein's research and a werewolf for nefarious purposes. Van Helsing is in the world to rid all evil, even if not everyone agrees with him. The Vatican sends the monster hunter and his ally, Carl, to Transylvania. They have been sent to this land to stop the powerful Count Dracula. Whilst there they join forces with a Gypsy Princess called Anna Valerious, who is determined to end an ancient curse on her family by destroying the vampire. They just don't know how! Film_Fan During the late 19th century, legendary vampire hunter Gabriel Van Helsing is a man cursed with a past he cannot recall and driven by a mission he cannot deny. Van Helsing finds a land still mired in the past, where legendary creatures of darkness come to life. A place ruled over by the evil, seductive and unbeatable vampire, Count Dracula. It is Dracula that Van Helsing has been sent to terminate. Anna Valerious is one of the last of a powerful royal family, now nearly annihilated by Dracula. A fearless hunter in her own right, Anna is bent on avenging her ancestors and ending an ancient curse by killing the vampire. Joined by a common foe, Van Helsing and Anna set out to destroy Dracula along with his empire of fear. But in challenging an enemy who never dies, Van Helsing uncovers a secret he never imagined and comes face-to-face with the unresolved mysteries of his own enshrouded past. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In search of redemption, the dauntless monster-hunter, Abraham Van Helsing, travels to the depths of late-19th-century Transylvania along with his eccentric companion--the ingenious friar, Carl--to track down and destroy the perfect monster and humankind's arch-nemesis: Count Dracula. There, the professional demon-slayer teams up with the remaining member of an ancient Romanian clan--the brave vampire-killer, Anna Valerius--who will never find peace until she defeats the count once and for all. However, an unstoppable army of undead minions; Dr Victor Frankenstein's abominable creation; Dracula's nightmarish brides, and the beastly Wolf Man stand in the way of the team's noble aspirations. Can they thwart the Count's horrific scheme of world domination? Nick Riganas During the late 19th century, the famed monster hunter Dr. Gabriel Van Helsing and his faithful priest sidekick Carl head to Eastern Europe in Transylvania to track down Count Dracula. They end up in a town whose inhabitants are tormented by vampires and they battle with the Wolf Man and Frankenstein's Monster. By his side is the ravishing Anna Valerius, a member of a family committed to ridding the world of evil. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Gabriel Van Helsing ( Hugh Jackman ) has been ordered by the Vatican to search out and destroy Count Vladislaus Dracula ( Richard Roxburgh ), an assignment that doesn't make Van Helsing very happy. He is tired of killing monsters for the Church, only to be branded by the public as a murderer with a price on his head. He also wishes that he had back his memories, something that was taken away from him due to his previous sins. Cardinal Jinette ( Alun Armstrong ) explains that this assignment is important because, 450 years ago, a Transylvanian knight named Valerius the Elder promised God that his family would never rest nor enter heaven until they vanquished Dracula. However, Dracula still lives, but only two of Valerius' descendents -- Princess Anna ( Kate Beckinsale ) and Prince Velkan ( Will Kemp ) -- remain. The Valerius family is running out of time, and the Church is committed to saving their souls. So, armed with only a scrap of a picture, rings of garlic, holy water, a silver stake, a crucifix, an automatic crossbow, and Friar Carl ( David Wenham ), the Q of the Vatican, Van Helsing takes off for Transylvania. Van Helsing's arrival in Transylvania is not well met, as Transylvanians don't like strangers. As Princess Anna challenges their business there, Van Helsing notices three harpies flying towards them. They are Dracula's three brides -- Aleera ( Elena Anaya ), Marishka ( Josie Maran ), and Verona ( Silvia Colloca ). It's obvious that they are trying to nab Anna. In fact, they succeed in carrying her off several times, but Van Helsing manages to get her back. He finally destroys Marishka by dipping his crossbow in holy water before shooting her with a dart. Oddly, the villagers are angry with Van Helsing for killing Marishka. They explain that the vampires only kill one or two a month to satisfy their needs. Now, thanks to him, they will kill more out of revenge. Dracula isn't happy about it either. Not only is he now short one bride, but a year ago, after setting up Victor Frankenstein ( Samuel West ) with his own laboratory, the villagers set Frankenstein's monster on fire, and Dracula needed the Monster in order to give life to his offspring (Dracula's children are born dead and must be animated). Then, just a few days ago, Velkan Valerius destroyed Dracula's werewolf with a silver bullet, although it cost Velkan his life when the werewolf grabbed him just before he fell over a steep cliff. Grateful that Van Helsing saved her life and destroyed Marishka, Anna takes Van Helsing and Carl back to the castle where the Valerius family has lived for hundreds of years following Dracula's human death. That evening, Anna wants to go out vampire hunting, but Van Helsing, preferring to wait until daylight, sprays her with knockout spray. When Anna later awakens, the halls are dark and Van Helsing is nowhere to be found. Still, someone is there. It's a werewolf, but not just any werewolf. It's her brother, Velkan. Apparently, Velkan was bitten by the werewolf on the way down, survived the fall, and now he is a werewolf, too. When the moon suddenly goes behind a cloud, Velkan changes from werewolf back to himself just long enough to warn Anna. Then the moon comes out, and he changes back into a werewolf and lunges at her. Van Helsing appears and fires a shot at Velkan, but he leaps out the window. Van Helsing follows. Just when Van Helsing gets a clear shot at Velkan, Anna stops him to let him know that Dracula supposedly has a cure for werewolfism. Van Helsing agrees to help Anna look for the antidote and try to save her brother. Velkan's trail leads them to Castle Frankenstein where Dracula, Igor ( Kevin J. O'Connor ), and the Dwergi [ugly little creatures that work for Dracula] have strapped Velkan to Dr Frankenstein's machine and are trying to harness his life energy to animate Dracula's babies. Lightning strikes and Velkan's lifeforce flows into the baby vampires who start to hatch. Thousands of them. Van Helsing starts shooting at them. Dracula gets really mad and starts attacking Van Helsing. Van Helsing stabs Dracula with the silver stake, but it doesn't work. (The stake needs to be made of wood.) Aleera, Verona, and the babies fly into the village so that the brides can teach the babies how to feed. Suddenly, all the vampire babies start to explode. The animation hasn't been successful. Dracula orders Velkan to kill Van Helsing and Anna. In their escape from Castle Frankenstein, Anna and Van Helsing fall into a subterranean cave where the Frankenstein monster ( Shuler Hensley ) has been hiding. Van Helsing shoots him with a tranquilizer dart but refuses to kill him because he can sense that the Monster is not evil (Van Helsing will only kill evil beings). Before he passes out, the Monster explains that he is the key to Dracula's research, that he is the one thing that Dracula needs in order to bring life to his brood. Even though the last hatchlings died, Dracula has thousands more waiting birth, he says. Suddenly, they notice that they are being watched by Velkan. Knowing that Dracula will soon know their whereabouts, Van Helsing tries to take the Frankenstein monster back to Rome for protection, but they are attacked by Verona, Aleera, and Velkan. Van Helsing destroys Verona and gets a silver bullet into Velkan, who later dies in Anna's arms. Unfortunately, Velkan also managed to bite Van Helsing. Aleera picks up Anna and flies her back to Dracula while Van Helsing, Carl, and the Monster are forced to walk. They meet up with Aleera again in Budapest. She invites them to a Halloween masquerade ball during which they can trade the Monster for Anna. Van Helsing tranquilizes the Monster and locks him in a church while he and Carl go to the ball. At the ball, while Dracula dances with Anna, he tries to talk her into becoming his bride, but Anna will have none of it. Van Helsing rescues Anna, but their escape is thwarted when Igor triumphantly brings in the Frankenstein monster. Everyone at the ball turns into vampires and goes after Van Helsing, Carl, and Anna, forcing them to jump out a window. By the time Van Helsing, Anna, and Carl get back to Transylvania, Dracula has cleared out of Castle Frankenstein and moved...to no one knows where. They go to the library where Carl has done a bit of research and discovered that Dracula is really the son of Valerius the Elder. The whole problem started when Dracula was murdered in 1462 by "the left hand of God." When he died, Dracula made a covenant with the Devil and was given a new life that could only be sustained by drinking blood. That's when Valerius the Elder went to Rome and bargained away his family's right to enter heaven until he killed Dracula. Dracula being his son, however, Valerius was unable to kill him, so he banished him to an icy fortress through a door with no means of escape...until the devil gave wings to Dracula. So where is this door? Anna reveals that her father spent hours staring at a particular picture. Perhaps that picture holds the key to the door? On the door is an inscription in Latin which Carl tries to read but cannot finish because a piece is missing. Van Helsing remembers the scrap of picture that Cardinal Jinette gave him before he left Rome. Sure enough, it fits. When they read the inscription aloud, the picture changes into a mirror which allows them to walk through into the snowy fortress which is Dracula's true castle. They enter a long hallway in which the ceiling and walls are lined with pods containing vampire offspring waiting to be animated. They also see the Frankenstein monster encased in a block of ice with only his head sticking out. The Monster sees Van Helsing and tells him that Dracula DOES have a cure for werewolfism. Van Helsing wonders why Dracula would have an antidote. Carl remembers seeing another painting that showed a werewolf killing a vampire. Now it all becomes clear. Only a werewolf can kill Dracula, and Van Helsing is scheduled to turn into one tonight at the stroke of midnight. The plan is to let Van Helsing transform and kill Dracula, and then Anna and Carl can inject him with the antidote at the last minute. While Van Helsing goes in search of Dracula, Anna and Carl force Igor to lead them to the antidote. Igor shows them a syringe stored in a jar of viscous liquid. Indeed, it is the antidote, but before they can retrieve it, Igor locks them in the room. Aleera suddenly appears. Anna tosses the jar at her. It crashes on the floor, and the splash burns Aleera's face. Anna tosses more of the liquid at the bars on the door, and it eats through them. While Anna keeps Aleera busy, Carl takes the antidote and goes looking for Van Helsing. Van Helsing has discovered Dracula's laboratory. The Frankenstein monster has been hoisted to the roof, and Dracula is attempting to drain his life into his infants. Van Helsing makes his way to the roof, but before the Monster can be freed, lightning strikes and sends his lifeforce down through the infant nursery. The baby vampires begin to awaken. Just as the Frankenstein Monster gets free, Dracula changes into a bat and attacks Van Helsing. The Monster is struck again by a bolt of lightning that sends him flying over the edge of the roof. On his way down, he manages to grab onto a cable and knock Igor off the bridge where he's been chasing Carl with a cattle prod. The Monster swings through a window into the room where Anna and Aleera are fighting. As the Monster holds Aleera at bay, Anna uses the cable to swing back to the laboratory. On the way, Carl tosses her the antidote. Aleera catches up with Anna. While Aleera gloats about how she's going to drink Anna's blood, Anna grabs a spike and thrusts it through Aleera's heart. Just then the clock strikes midnight. Van Helsing changes into a werewolf and attacks Dracula. Just as Van Helsing has Dracula by the throat, the moon goes behind a cloud and Van Helsing changes back into himself. Dracula takes this moment to inform Van Helsing that it was he (Van Helsing) who murdered Dracula back in 1462. Suddenly, the moon comes back out. Van Helsing turns into a werewolf again and chews up Dracula's neck. Dracula crumbles into dust as do all of his baby vampires (once Dracula is destroyed, all his creations are also destroyed). At that moment, Anna runs into the room with the antidote. Van Helsing leaps at her. Carl also arrives and opens the silver stake, ready to plunge it into Van Helsing. But Anna was successful. She injected the antidote into Van Helsing just before she died, and Van Helsing is returning to himself. Van Helsing and Carl hold a cremation for Anna at sea. He sees her spirit in the sky alongwith those of her ancestors. She smiles and realises that she is at peace and with her family. Heading out to sea in hopes of a sanctuary, we see Frankenstein's Monster on a raft looking towards the flaming beacon and the two heroes. 
 Underworld: Evolution (2006)651) Picking up directly from the previous movie, vampire warrior Selene and the half werewolf Michael hunt for clues to reveal the history of their races and the war between them. As the war between the vampires and the Lycans rages on, the beautiful vampire, Selene, a former member of the Death Dealers, and Michael, the werewolf hybrid, work together in an effort to unlock the secrets of their respective bloodlines. In this ancient feud between the two tribes, they try to unlock the secrets, in a modern tale of action, intrigue, and forbidden love, which takes them into the battle to end all wars, as the immortals must finally face their doom. Shewolfinlondon Hunted down like prey by both the Lycans and the Vampire race after the death of the ruthless vampire Elder, Viktor, in Underworld (2003) , the cold-blooded assassin, Selene, and the powerful Lycan/Vampire hybrid, Michael Corvin, flee the Lycans' lair. As the persecuted lovers embark on a dangerous mission to unearth the past of the antagonistic clans' progenitors, the all-powerful original vampire, Marcus Corvinus, awakes from his eternal sleep, intent on retrieving a pendant of utter importance and finding his twin brother, William Corvinus: the first lycanthrope. However, blood has a memory, and no one can stand in the way of Marcus' ambitious plans of world domination. Can Selene and Michael avert the undead megalomaniac's scheme, and put an end to the evolution of a new race? Nick Riganas Beginning where Underworld (2003) finished, Selene and Michael are on the run from the vampires. Being the cause of Viktor's death, Selene can only hope to plea to the last remaining elder, Marcus. However, Marcus has already awakened and has become a more powerful creature than before. Now his only remaining goal is to awaken his Lycan brother, William from his eternal imprisonment. With time running out, Selene and Michael must piece together the final clues to unlock the secrets of their bloodlines and stop Marcus before it's too late. harpster_2004 Selene wishes to expose the truth about the death of Viktor to the first true vampire Marcus that is hibernating. However, Marcus has already awakened and wants to release his savage Lycan brother William, who has been imprisoned for centuries. When Marcus tries to get the medal possessed by Lucian from Michael, Selene decides to visit Andreas Tanis, the exiled official historian of the covens, to understand his interest. When Selene and Michael meet Tanis, they disclose the truth about their bloodlines, and later with the support of Alexander Corvinus, Selene faces the powerful Marcus as the last hope left for mankind. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NOTE: Sequel to Underworld (2003). Underworld: Evolution opens with Vampire Selene (Kate Beckinsale) recapping the events in Underworld. Selene is a Hungarian Vampire who had been a Death Dealer for the Vampire clan throughout Europe for 600 years when she was betrayed. She explains how Kraven (Shane Brolly), the ruler of the Vampire clan, formed a secret alliance with Lucian (Michael Sheen), ruler of the Lycan clan. When the Lycans found a third bloodline (human) that also descended from ancestor Alexander Corvinus, they tracked down descendant Michael Corvin (Scott Speedman) and turned him into a Lycan. After a big fight between Lycans and Vampires, Lucian was killed by Kraven. Before Michael died, however, Lucian told Selene to bite Michael: "Half Vampire, half Lycan -- they're stronger than both." Thus, Selene turned Michael into the first Hybrid. Selene then beheaded Elder Viktor, and she and Michael went into hiding. With two of the three vampire Elders destroyed (see Underworld), Selene's only hope is to awaken the last remaining Elder, Marcus (Tony Curran), who is still in hibernation, and expose the truth before Kraven can kill Marcus. Selene hides Michael in a safe house and heads over to the Vampire mansion to plead her case. Unfortunately, Kraven has already attempted to awaken Marcus, who has morphed into some sort of bat-like creature, and Marcus has killed Kraven as well as all of the other Vampires in the mansion. By drinking Kraven's blood, Marcus learned everything that has transpired while he was in hibernation, including the making of Michael into a Hybrid. Marcus locates the safe house in which Michael is hiding, but Michael has gone out for a bite to eat. After downing half a plate of potatoes and cabbage, he begins to retch (being half Vampire, he needs to feed on blood). Suddenly a newsflash is shown of him on the television. Several of the restaurant patrons try to hold him with their guns, but Michael escapes. Selene realizes that Michael is gone and goes after him. Michael has been shot several times and is in need of blood, so Selene makes him drink some of hers. Just then, Marcus flies in. He attempts to drink from Selene (to gain her memories and knowledge), but Michael pumps a few bullets into him. Selene and Michael steal a truck and outrun Marcus, who flies behind them. Suddenly, Selene notices the sun is about to rise. Michael helps her drive the truck into a warehouse and darkens the windows with paint. The two of them hole up there for the day. Big love scene follows as both of them give into their passion and have sex for the first time. After sunset, Selene and Michael go looking for Andreas Tannis (Steven Mackintosh), Vampire and exiled historian of Vampire history, in order to get him to identify a pendant necklace that has been in Selene's possession since childhood. Selene learns from Tannis that the pendant is actually a key to Lycan William's prison, a place that was built by Selene's father. Selene now learns the truth about the slaughter of her family: Viktor did it to keep anyone from knowing William's whereabouts. Selene is the only one left who might remember where William's prison is located, and that memory is locked in her subconscious. It is for this reason that Marcus wants her blood... so that he can find William. Viktor did not fear for William and Marcus's lives when he ordered William imprisoned for all eternity. He feared that destroying William would destroy the entire Lycan bloodline, thus leaving the Vampires without slaves. Tannis arranges a meeting between Selene and Lorenz Macaro (Derek Jacobi), the only one who may have the power to stop Marcus. Before Selene and Michael can get to Lorenz Macaro, however, Marcus gets to Tannis and learns that there were actually two keys, the one with Selene and the other sewed inside Viktor's abdomen, a key that was removed by Alexander Corvinus upon Viktor's death. Lorenz Macaro turns out to be Alexander Corvinus. Selene begs him to help her stop Marcus, but he refuses to kill his own son. Suddenly, Marcus appears. Michael tries to fight him, but Marcus impales Michael through the chest and takes Selene's key that Michael was holding at the time. Selene shoots Marcus, who flies off. She removes the impalement from Michael's chest, then drains her own blood over the gaping wound... to no avail. Michael is dead. Marcus runs a sword through his father and takes the key that his father took from Viktor's chest. Marcus is now in possession of both keys. As he lays dying, Alexander slits his wrist and makes Selene drink his blood in order to pass on the legacy. "What will I become?" she asks. "The future," Alexander replies. As a helicopter takes off, carrying Selene cradling Michael's body, Alexander blows himself up. Now that Marcus has both keys and the knowledge of where the door lies, he opens it and finds William waiting. Selene leads the helicopter to where she remembers a secret passage into the prison and enters, along with a few backups. Once in, they hear the roar of a werewolf and meet up with William. Selene fires at William just as Marcus appears. Selene fires at Marcus, slowing him just long enough to get through the open door and close it behind her. Unfortunately, a bit of rock prevents the door from closing all the way. William catches up with Selene again. She fires at him repeatedly and blows up the cavern in which they are located. Suddenly, all the backups killed by William begin to turn into werewolves and converge on Selene. Meanwhile, back in the helicopter, Michael lives! He leaps from the helicopter into the fracas and helps Selene battle with William. However, Marcus has managed to get the door open, and he, too, joins the melee. The first thing he does is to grab on to a rope hanging from the helicopter and bring it tumbling down into the cavern where it catches on a catwalk and lies there, blades still spinning. Now it's Michael against William and Selene against Marcus. Eventually, Michael manages to behead William, and Selene shoves Marcus into the helicopter blades, tearing him to pieces. As the sun comes up and Selene realizes that she is no longer burned by the light, thanks to Alexander Corvinus's blood, she and Michael enter each others' arms. Big kiss scene follows. [Synopsis by bj_kuehl] 
 Vacancy (2007)431) A married couple becomes stranded at an isolated motel and finds hidden video cameras in their room. They soon realize that unless they escape, they'll be the next victims of a snuff film. David and Amy Fox find themselves stranded in the middle of nowhere when their car breaks down. Luckily, they come across a motel with a TV to entertain them during their overnight stay. However, there's something very strange and familiar about the Grade-Z slasher movies that the motel broadcasts for its guests' enjoyment. They all appear to be filmed in the very same room they occupy! Realizing that they are trapped in their room with hidden cameras now aimed at them filming their every move, David and Amy desperately find a means of escape through locked doors, crawlspaces and underground tunnels before they too become the newest stars of the mystery filmmaker's next cult classic! alfiehitchie While driving during the night, David Fox leaves the interstate and takes a shortcut through a lonely road. He is in a divorce process with his wife Amy, who is sleeping in the car, after the loss of their son Charlie. In order to avoid hitting a raccoon, David breaks down the fan of his car and the couple finds stranded in the road. Without any other alternative, they decide to spend the night in a nasty low budget motel in the middle of nowhere. While watching some amateurish slash movies in the VCR, David realizes that they have been shot in their room. Sooner they discover that they are trapped in the place and surrounded by sadistic filmmakers of snuff movies. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Plot Summary Ami and David, on their way home, take a shortcut and hit a raccoon and in the process damage their car. They stay at a motel where they find some snuff films shot in the same room. They try to escape but are stopped by the Manager of the Motel and his two killer side-kicks. They keep trying to escape. Ami gets to make a call to 911. In response an old policeman is sent and promptly killed by the killers upon his discovery of the snuff films. David is stabbed near the end and loses consciousness. Any escapes to drive a BMW and runs one killer over while also killing the other one in the process (he was hanging down and trying to grab her from the sunroof of the car). Finally she shoots the motel manager dead and finds David not quite dead yet. ******************************************************** Plot A couple, David (Luke Wilson) and Amy Fox (Kate Beckinsale) take a wrong turn on a remote mountain road. When their car breaks down, they realize they are in a cell phone dead zone, with no reception. They then decide to check into a completely isolated motel in a rural area with a strangely off-putting manager called Mason (Frank Whaley). While in their room, a bored David takes a peek at the video tapes left on top of the television. As he watches the tapes, he realizes they are snuff films, taken in the very room in which they are staying. The couple are alarmed by this as well as loud, insistent banging coming from the door to the adjacent room, and try to run away. Men dressed in black and wearing masks stop them, and they return to their room. David makes a run to the motel's payphone booth to no avail, escaping it just before a car crashes into it. The couple decides to lock themselves in the room when they notice a truck pull in. They try to warn the truck driver only to find out that he's actually there to buy a box of tapes of the snuff films. David and Amy escape into a tunnel that they discover in the bathroom of their room. Two of the masked people chase them inside the tunnel, but the couple evade them. David and Amy end up inside the manager's lair, where they find video monitors taping the entire hotel. Amy tries to make a call to 911 but is interrupted before she can give the operator any useful information. The couple sneak back into the tunnel, making their way into the auto garage across the lot from the motel. Meanwhile, the police unit responding to Amy's call arrives and David and Amy run to him as he checks the rooms. They all get inside the police car but it has been sabotaged and the killers murder the policeman while he looks under the hood. The couple run into one of the other motel rooms. David hides Amy in a space inside the ceiling, whilst he ventures out. The killers catch and stab David and he ends up lying unconscious in the doorway. When morning comes, Amy comes down from the ceiling and finds where the killers hid their car. As Amy drives away, a killer breaks into the car from the sun roof, and in her effort to fend him off while driving, Amy crashes the car into the motel, killing her attacker as well as another one of the masked men, revealed to be the gas station attendant that earlier "helped" the couple with their car troubles, who is crushed against the front of the car. She runs into the reception area where she is attacked by an apoplectic Mason. As they fight, Mason beats Amy severely. But in his effort to get a good final shot with his handheld digital video camera, Mason throws Amy within reach of a revolver she had dropped, and she shoots Mason three times. Amy immediately runs to David to find that he is still barely alive. She searches Mason's body for the telephone cord he had pulled out of the wall and tried to use to strangle her, calls 911 again and returns to caress David, who is barely conscious but alive. 
 Underworld (2003)651) Selene, a vampire warrior, is entrenched in a conflict between vampires and werewolves, while falling in love with Michael, a human who is sought by werewolves for unknown reasons. Against the backdrop of an unseen centuries-old war between the sophisticated Vampire clan and the brutish clan of lycanthropes, the Lycans, the lethally alluring vampire assassin and member of the elite "Death Dealers" squad, Selene, has devoted her existence to eradicating the earth's scattered pockets of remaining werewolves. With the death of the Lycans' supreme overlord, Lucian, the vampires' victory seems near; however, when their arch-enemy takes a special interest in the seemingly harmless human doctor, Michael Corvin, Selene will unearth a long-standing conspiracy. Now, treason, deceit, and conflicting feelings stand in the way of truth, forcing Selene to break protocol for the sake of the vampire race. Can a forbidden relationship put in jeopardy her noble quest? Is this the beginning of a new era, and an entirely different war? Nick Riganas A war has been raging for centuries between the Vampires, a secretive clan of modern, aristocratic sophisticates, and their mortal enemies, the Lycans, a shrewd gang of street thugs who prowl the city's underbelly. When the beautiful young Vampire death dealer, Selene, who is assigned to hunt down and eradicate the last of the Lycans, uncovers a plot by the Lycans to capture Michael Corvin, a human who holds the key to end the war, no one will believe her. The balance of power is upset and Selene must decide where her allegiances will lie. Who started the war? A war going on for centuries between vampires and Lycans/werewolves, never seen by humans eyes, until one of the werewolves by the name of Lucian finds out about one human that can bond with vampire blood and Lycans blood, Michael. Selene is the vampire Death dealer that finds out why the Lycans are following Micheal and falls in love with him. Kraven is the leader of the vampire house after Viktor dies and wants Selene by his side, but she is a wild cat to break. Lexxchick Vampires and Werewolves have been sworn enemies for hundreds of years. Now fought in a Gothic-like setting, the conflict takes an unexpected and deadly new turn. Selene, a beautiful vampire warrior, uncovers a Lycan plot that could prove fatal for her entire race. She shadows a human, Michael, the Lycan's supposed target. Although she finds herself becoming attracted to him, he becomes infected with the lupine disease during a violent struggle with the Lycan overlord, Lucian, long thought to be dead. Now both sides must decide how to end the conflict and save their species as new and terrifying secrets unearth themselves and threaten their entire existance. Sundancersfire Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Background: 1,400 years ago, Vampires had decided that the best way to ensure the survival of their species was for three Elders--Viktor, Marcus, and Amelia--to 'leap frog' through time, one ruling while the other two slept, each being awakened at their appointed time according to a never-to-be-broken covenant. 1,000 years ago, during the reign of Viktor, the oldest and strongest of the Elders, the Vampire-Lycan War began. 600 years ago, Kraven set the 'great blaze' which killed Lucian, the leader of the Lycans. Kraven brought back a brand cut from Lucian's arm as proof of his death, a deed which earned Kraven high favor with Viktor, who put Kraven in charge of their coven. The great blaze caused the Lycans to scatter. Vampire Death Dealers, armed with silver bullets and shuriken, have been picking Lycans off one by one until very few remain. Present time: Three Death Dealers--Selene, Rigel, and Nathaniel -- follow two Lycans into a subway station in an unnamed European city. A firey gun battle ensues in which Rigel is killed, one of the Lycans gets away, and Nathaniel comes up missing. In the chaos, Selene (Kate Beckinsale) makes two discoveries: 1) the Lycans have devised an ultraviolet bullet that can kill vampires, and 2) there appears to be a large band of Lycans amassing under the subway. Selene hurries back to alert the Vampires at Kraven's luxurious masnion that sits on the outskirts of the city, but they are more interested in the clothes they are going to wear at tonight's formal party with the coven from across the 'great ocean' in celebration of the upcoming awakening of Marcus by Amelia, the current reigning Elder. Not interested in their gaities, Selene views some digital photos Rigel took of the Lycans and notices that they appear to have been following a human. A computer search reveals the human is Michael Corvin (Scott Speedman), an intern at a local hospital. Meanwhile, the wounded Lycan has returned to the Lycan den with the bad news that he lost the candidate he was tailing, as well as to have the silver bullets and stars dug out of his body so that he can regenerate. Selene pays Michael Corvin's apartment a visit. While snooping, she overhears a phone message about his involvement in some "shoot out." Now convinced that she is right about the Lycans stalking Michael, she tries to interrogate him just as his apartment is raided by a pack of Lycans. While Selene holds them off, Michael escapes in the elevator, but the doors open to a face-to-face confrontation with Lucian (Michael Sheen), the current leader of the Lycans. Selene attempts to shoot Lucian, but he is intent on biting Michael and spitting the blood into a vial which he takes to Singe (Erwin Leder), the Lycan doctor who has been researching humans with the last name of Corvin, so far with negative results. He analyzes Michael's blood and pronounces it "positive." Selene and Michael make a getaway together in her car, but Selene has lost a lot of blood in her fight with the Lycans. She passes out, the car leaps into a river. Michael saves her, binds her wound, then passes out himself. When Selene awakens, she takes the unconscious Michael back to the Vampire's mansion, incurring the wrath of Kraven (Shane Brolly), who wants Selene to be his future queen and is jealous that she seems smitten with Michael. When Michael finally comes to, he is face-to-face with fellow vampire Erika (Sophia Myles), who realizes that Michael has been bitten and is becoming Lycan. Erika leaps to the ceiling and starts hissing at him. Terrified, Michael jumps out a window and escapes the Vampire's mansion. Although it is forbidden to delve into the past, Selene decides to do a little reading about the history of the Vampire-Lycan War, particularly the chapter on the Fall of Lucian. She notices that the Lucian in one of the pictures is wearing the same medallion that she noticed the current Lucian wearing during the fight at Michael's apartment. Could he and the Lucian that Kraven supposedly killed 600 years ago be one and the same? Could Kraven and Lucian be conspiring together? Could the fact that the Lycans are amassing near the Vampire coven portend an attack on the Vampires? When Erika informs Selene that Michael has been bitten and is turning Lycan, Selene has heard enough. Against the covenant rules, Selene decides to awaken Viktor and ask for his guidance. Michael has begun having hallucinations and wants to know what is happening to him. Selene takes him to their Lycan interrogation room in the city so that he can hide for the night. She also gives him the good news --he has been bitten by a Lycan, and during the next full moon (tomorrow night), he will turn into one. The hallucinations, she tells him, are memories passed to him from Lucian. When Michael asks Selene why she cares about what's happening to him ("Do you intend to bite me, too?"), Selene explains that the lycan virus and the vampire virus are incompatible and no one has ever survived a bite by both species. When Michael asks her why she hates Lycans so much, she tells him how Lycans slaughtered her entire family and how Viktor arrived just in time to save her from the same fate. Viktor made her vampire and then raised her like his own daughter. Selene then handcuffs Michael to a chair, gives him a gun with silver bullets, and advises him to use it on himself if she isn't back by tomorrow night. After Selene arrives back at the mansion, Viktor (Bill Nighy) has fully awakened and is being briefed by Kraven. When Viktor learns that he's been awakened full century ahead of schedule, he is livid. Not even Selene's attempts to explain her findings appease him. In fact, Viktor basically tells Selene to let Kraven handle this and that she will be judged by the council for breaking the covenant. Kraven locks Selene in her room. The next night, it is the night of the full moon. It is time for Amelia's train to arrive, and Kraven has ordered Soren (Scott McElry) and his team to fetch her and the council members. Erika, who has wanted to be Kraven's mate for a long time, cuts the power to the main gate, allowing Selene to run to Michael. Selene releases Michael, but they are attacked by Lycans. Selene stays to fight while Michael jumps out a window. When Michael lands on his feet some five or six stories below, he is immediately captured by Lycans posing as cops. On the way to the Lycan den, Michael begins the change. The Lycans pull over, and they dose Michael with an enzyme to stop the change. Selene has captured Singe and brings him to Viktor where Singe is forced to explain how, for years, the Lycans have been trying to combine the blood lines. They've been testing descendents of Alexander Corvinus, a 5th century Hungarian warlord who was the sole survivor of a plague that ravaged his village and turned him into the first immortal. From Corvinus's offspring, one became the Vampire line, one became the Lycan line, and one remained human but carried the imprint of the original immortality virus hidden in its genetic code in dormant form and passed down through the ages to Michael Corvin. Lucian plans to inject himself with blood taken from Michael and from a powerful Vampire elder, creating a hybrid--both Lycan and Vampire--but stronger than both. Concerned that Amelia has not yet arrived, a group of Vampires are sent to find out what's taking so long. They find that Amelia and the council members have all been assassinated, having been bitten by Lycans. In addition, Amelia's blood has been totally drained. When Viktor finds out, he orders Selene to kill Michael. Meanwhile, Michael is being held at the Lycan den, where his visions have suddenly become clear and he now knows what started the Vampire-Lycan war. Many years ago, Lycans were the Renfields for Vampires, but it was forbidden for Vampires and Lycans to fraternize. Lucian and Viktor's daughter Sonja fell in love and mated, creating a hybrid child that Viktor would not allow, so he (Viktor) placed Sonja, his own daughter in the sun where she burnt to a crisp while Lucian was made to watch--'His own daughter burnt alive just for loving me,' says Lucian poignantly--and Viktor has spent the last 600 years exterminating the Lycan species so the bloodlines will never blend. Kraven knows he's been found out. He was indeed in league with Lucian. Together, they planned Lucian's 'death' 600 years ago so that Lucian could lay low. Now the agreement is for Kraven to gain control of both covens by obtaining an ironclad peace treaty with the Lycans, while Lucian gets revenge on Viktor. Time to knock off a few main characters. The Vampires, along with Selene, Kahn, and Viktor storm the Lycan den in a climatic battle. Kraven shoots Lucian with a silver nitrate bullet (The silver is in liquid form so that it will go directly into the Lycans' bloodstreams and cannot be dug out). When Michael tries to escape, he is also shot by Kraven. As Michael lays oozing silver nitrate from his wounds, Kraven tells Selene the true story about her 'dark father,' Viktor. Her family wasn't killed by Lycans but by Viktor himself. Seems he didn't like the taste of livestock very much, so once in a while he would engorge himself on human blood. Since Selene reminded him of Sonja, he spared her and raised her as his own. Selene is stunned. When Kraven demands that Selene go with him, she refuses. As he's about to shoot Michael again, the dying Lucian runs a sword through Kraven's leg and tells Selene to bite Michael. "Half vampire, half lycan -- they're stronger than both." Selene does it. Kraven finishes off Lucian. Michael turns into a hybrid (Lycampire or Vampthrope?) and, after Michael and Viktor tussle a bit, Selene cuts off Viktor's head. Selene flees the scene of the battle, and is now to become the hunted by both her people and the Lycans. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl] [Edited by azooty] 