nm0009716:

 Invincible (2006)431) Based on the story of Vince Papale, a 30-year-old bartender from South Philadelphia who overcame long odds to play for the NFL's Philadelphia Eagles in 1976. In the summer of 1976, 30-year old Vince Papale is having a tough run of luck. He's been working as a substitute teacher for two days a week but has just found out that his job has been eliminated because of budget cuts. His wife gives up on him saying he'll never amount to anything and asks for a divorce. He works as a bartender and plays football with his friends. When the the new coach of the Philadelphia Eagles, Dick Vermeil, announces that he will hold open tryouts for the team, Vince reluctantly decides to give a try. Based on a true story. garykmcd A Philadelphia Eagles fan who has just lost his wife and his teaching job decides one day to show up for an open tryout for his favorite NFL team, only to see his wildest dreams come true. Nick Jacobs Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vince Papale (Mark Wahlberg) is a down on his luck 30-year old substitute teacher and bartender. His wife leaves him right when he needs the most support and leaves a devastating note that says, he will never amount to anything, never make a name for himself, and never make any money. Vince's buddies at the bar are all rabid Philadelphia Eagles fans, so when the new head coach, Dick Vermeil (Greg Kinnear), announces open tryouts for the team, they encourage Vince to give it a shot. Vince thinks they are just kidding around at first, but even when he realizes they are serious, he can't bring himself to take the idea seriously. He had never played college football. Vince's father, Frank Papale (Kevin Conway), tells Vince that he'd heard what the guys at the bar were trying to get him to do. His father tells him that he'd better just let that one go, as a man can only take so much failure at one time. That comment, along with the note his wife left him, provided the motivation Vince needed to go tryout. Vince is probably the most surprised of everyone, as he makes it past the first round of cuts in training camp. The coaches were impressed with his speed and effort. As the team gets deeper into training camp, and the beginning of the six game pre-season, Vince finds himself in uncharted territory. He continues to make it past each successive cut, and it actually looks like he will make the team. He has become an icon of hope for family, friends, and many of the Eagle's fans. When Vince goes to see his father and tells him he's worried about letting everyone down, when the inevitable cut comes, his father admits that when he told Vince earlier not to get his hopes up, that didn't mean his own hopes for Vince weren't high. When Coach Vermeil called for Vince to come see him as the last of the cuts were due, Vince was convinced he was being cut. Coach Vermeil had really been struggling with wanting to keep Vince on the team, but realizing the receiver that Vince was competing against was just a little better. Coach Vermeil even consulted with his wife, Carol (Paige Turco), about it. Apparently, it was Vince's intensity and character that won the day with Vermeil, and he welcomed him to the Philadelphia Eagles. He was #83. Vince develops a new love interest too. She's Janet Cantrell (Elizabeth Banks), the cousin of Max Cantrell (Michael Rispoli), the bar owner. Vince was as worried about messing things up with her, as he was with the Eagles, so he held back on his feelings, at least initially. Janet didn't endear herself to the boys at the bar when she revealed that she's a New York Giants fan. Coach Vermeil and Vince both are in the restroom throwing up, prior to the first game against the defending NFC champion Dallas Cowboys. It was nerves. There appears to be an unspoken understanding between Vermeil and Vince about their individual situations. They empathize with and support one another. However, that relationship is severely tested in the game against Dallas, when Vince had a bead on the Dallas kick returner, only to freeze and end up getting taken out by a Dallas blocker. Vermeil and the rest of the team were not happy with him about that. One Eagles player actually hates Vince so much, that he stares at him prior to the start of games just to get his mental state to the appropriate pitch. One of Vince's friends, and a regular bar customer, Johnny (Dov Davidoff), has been very antagonistic towards Vince during his attempts to make the Eagles. Max tells Vince it's because Johnny is afraid that Vince will leave them when he becomes successful. When Vince stops by to watch the old gang playing a sand lot football game, Johnny sees him and tells him his buddies could sure use some help. Vince tells him he has a game that coming weekend, so he can't play. He sits there a moment and reconsiders, going out in the rain, onto the muddy lot, and playing. As he throws a TD pass to Johnny, he seems much happier out there playing with his buddies than he ever was with the Eagles. Johnny was certainly happier. Vince settles down and adopts an attitude of "what will be will be," both with the Eagles and with Janet. His success on the field and with Janet improve exponentially. In a game against Janet's favorite team, the New York Giants, Vince tackles the kick returner inside the 15 yard line. On the next kickoff, he again makes a good play. As the game goes on however, Vince experiences tough times, especially on punt coverage, when the blockers get the best of him. As the end of the game approaches, and a critical punt for the Eagles is at hand, Vince picks up on a clue that the Giants will not be rushing the punter, so he doesn't stay in to block, but slips past the Giant's player across from him and runs full speed down field. He hits the Giant's kick receiver hard and forces a fumble, scooping up the ball and running for a game-winning touchdown. He is the hero of the game and now accepted as full-fledged member of the team. He goes on to be elected captain of the team before retiring. He also married Janet and had two children. 
 Band of Brothers (2001)44) The story of Easy Company of the U.S. Army 101st Airborne Division and their mission in World War II Europe, from Operation Overlord to V-J Day. This is the story of "E" Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division from their initial training starting in 1942 to the end of World War II. They parachuted behind enemy lines in the early hours of D-Day in support of the landings at Utah beach, participated in the liberation of Carentan and again parachuted into action during Operation Market Garden. They also liberated a concentration camp and were the first to enter Hitler's mountain retreat in Berchtesgaden. A fascinating tale of comradeship that is, in the end, a tale of ordinary men who did extraordinary things. garykmcd The story of Easy Company, 506th Regiment of the 101st Airborne Division, U.S. Army. Based on interviews with survivors of Easy Company, as well as soldiers' journals and letters, this 10-part series chronicles the experiences of these young men who knew extraordinary bravery and extraordinary fear. Jwelch5742 The series dramatizes the history of "Easy" Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, of the 101st Airborne Division, from jump training in the United States through its participation in major actions in Europe, up until Japan's capitulation and the end of World War II. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dawn of the Planet of the Apes (2014)651) A growing nation of genetically evolved apes led by Caesar is threatened by a band of human survivors of the devastating virus unleashed a decade earlier. A growing nation of genetically evolved apes led by Caesar is threatened by a band of human survivors of the devastating virus unleashed a decade earlier. They reach a fragile peace, but it proves short-lived, as both sides are brought to the brink of a war that will determine who will emerge as Earth's dominant species. Twentieth Century Fox Some years after his escape from captivity Caesar heads a vast colony of apes and chimps living a self-sufficient life in the woods outside San Francisco. In the city itself a depleted group of Simian Flu survivors struggle to exist, their best hope being to revitalise a hydro-electric dam which will restore their power. However to reach it they must pass through Caesar's domain. Group leader Malcolm and Caesar have a mutual respect which allows the restoration to take place but Caesar's embittered lieutenant Koba, a victim of animal experimentation, has no such faith in humans and usurps Caesar, leading a full-scale attack on the city, most of whose inhabitants regard the apes as savages and a fierce battle takes place. It is down to Caesar and Malcolm to join the voices of reason together to re-establish a peace which will benefit both camps. don @ minifie-1 10 years after the events of "Rise", Caesar remains happy in peace being the leader of an ape armada. Now sure that the humans are no more on Planet Earth due to the Simian flu the humans have passed on. Then they are proved wrong when a small group of humans encounter the apes in the forest. Caesar attempts to make peace with them only if they follow the rules. But Koba, one of the apes makes an attempt to kill the group of humans. This act of treason alerts an entire army of human survivors and the war for peace begins. But this is the question that all are asking: Will the humans reign supreme or the apes? Anonymous Ten years after the worldwide pandemic of the deadly virus ALZ-113, human civilization is completely destroyed. In San Francisco, Caesar has become the leader of evolved apes and has a son, Blue Eyes. When Blue Eyes and his friend Ash stumble upon a group of humans under the command of Malcolm, there is a friction between them. However, Caesar orders the human to return to the derelict San Francisco City. Then he goes with a group of apes to the city to tell them to stay there since they do not want war against the human, despite the hatred of his second in command Koba against humans. However Malcolm returns alone to the woods to meet Caesar to explain that they need to repair the hydroelectric dam to recover power in the city to save the survivors. Caesar accepts his argument and let him work with his family and a few technicians in the dam. Meanwhile the leader of the humans Dreyfus decides to arm the survivors since he does not believe in the apes. However Koba wants the war against mankind and he provokes a situation of intolerance and consequent confrontation. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In this sequel to 'Rise of the Planet of the Apes', almost a decade has passed since the outbreak of the ALZ-113 virus which then spread across the globe. The human population has mostly died off from the virus and from violence, while the ape population has thrived and grown. A montage of news reports is shown on a globe crisscrossed with red lines, with footage of escalating violence among humans that has also contributed to the chaos. Caesar ( Andy Serkis ), the chimpanzee leader of the apes, is in the trees of Muir Woods, north of San Francisco, with his fellow simians. His lieutenant Koba ( Toby Kebbell ) keeps an eye out, then alerts Caesar (through sign language) when a large herd of deer comes stampeding through the forest. The apes run after them for the hunt, trapping some of them. Caesar's son Blue Eyes ( Nick Thurston ) goes after a wounded deer, but is suddenly attacked by a bear. Blue Eyes gets wounded as the bear claws his chest, and Caesar jumps in to help his son. Caesar is outmatched and calls for Koba. Koba jumps onto the bear and kills it with his spear. Caesar thanks Koba for his help and tells his son to think before he acts. The apes return to their sanctuary in the Muir Woods. They have established homes and even an educational system led by Caesar's trusted orangutan friend Maurice ( Karin Konoval ). Caesar goes to his home to tend to his sick wife Cornelia ( Judy Greer ). She gives birth to a baby ape. Caesar brings Blue Eyes forth to meet his new brother. Afterwards, Caesar finds Maurice, telling him that he is amazed by how far they have come as a group over the years. Maurice asks him if he still thinks of humans. Caesar admits that sometimes he does. Blue Eyes and his friend Ash ( Larramie Doc Shaw ), son of Rocket ( Terry Notary ), are walking through the woods when a human named Carver ( Kirk Acevedo ) encounters them. Carver draws his gun defensively, and he shoots Ash. The gunshot alerts the other apes, as well as the humans that Carver is traveling with, led by a man named Malcolm ( Jason Clarke ). The apes run through the woods to confront the humans. Caesar commands them to go. Malcolm's son Alexander ( Kodi Smit-McPhee ) drops his bag and is forced to leave it behind. Caesar sends Koba and two other chimps to follow the humans. Malcolm and the humans return to their area in the ruins of San Francisco, reporting to their leader Dreyfus ( Gary Oldman ) on the group of apes and Caesar's ability to speak. The humans' goal is to gain access to a nearby hydroelectric dam and activate it in order to supply their community with enough limited power to last them for a little while longer. Meanwhile, Caesar gathers his apes and rides into the city on their horses to face the humans. Caesar declares that the apes do not want war, but they will fight back if they must. They also return Alex's bag to him, and Caesar tells the humans to never return to their forest sanctuary. Dreyfus addresses the humans, riling them up and fueling their distrust for the apes and their anger for what has happened. He speaks to Malcolm afterwards, who tells Dreyfus that if he is given enough time, he can convince the apes to let him get to the dam and take out the blockage to generate power. Dreyfus agrees and gives Malcolm three days to complete this task. Malcolm prepares himself to go out with a few humans. His wife Ellie (Keri Russell), a nurse, volunteers to go with him, but he wants her to stay home with Alex. Alex overhears and decides to join his father. Malcolm and his group travel back to the woods, leaving him to enter the sanctuary by himself. He is captured by gorillas and taken before Caesar. Malcolm explains that he means no harm and only wants to get to the dam. He shows Caesar and the apes the facility with the power systems to prove it to them. Caesar allows Malcolm to carry through with the task, but first he and the others must hand over their guns. The apes break the guns apart. Koba approaches Caesar and expresses his distrust for humans, having been experimented on in the Gen-Sys labs, leaving him with multiple scars. He also doesn't seem to approve of Caesar's affection for the humans. Caesar, however, sees this as a chance to make peace with the humans. The humans set up a camp in the woods. One human, Foster ( Jon Eyez ), points out that what makes the apes stronger is that they don't require power in the same way that humans do, since they can adapt to their surroundings more easily. Carver also addresses Malcolm and Ellie, as they have each lost someone close to them from the virus (Malcolm's first wife and Ellie's daughter). Caesar and the other apes prepare for another hunt, but Koba is nowhere to be found. He has taken two other apes into the city where they come across the humans in their compound using their firearms, essentially discovering their supply of weapons to use against the apes. Koba comes across two men, pretending to be a playful chimp, blowing raspberries and hooting. The two men order him to leave, still seeing him as a threat. Koba turns and leaves, his characteristic snarl returning to his face. Malcolm, Carver, and Foster work in the dam to remove the blockage. They successfully blow it out but the blast temporarily traps them. Carver's leg is also wounded. Ellie is able to convince the apes to help dig the humans out of the rubble. They return to camp for Ellie to treat him, while some apes, including Caesar, come by. Caesar's baby son goes over to the humans. Ellie and Alex immediately take a shine to him, finding him adorable. Carver is less welcoming. When the little ape comes over to a box containing a gun, Carver reacts on instinct and seizes the weapon, aiming it at the apes. Caesar grabs the gun from him and whacks him with it, furious. Malcolm calms Caesar down, and the ape throws the gun into the river. He orders the humans to leave. However, Malcolm and Ellie find Caesar as he tends to Cornelia, who is very sick and weak. Ellie offers to aid her with their antibiotics. Caesar gives them one day to stay to help his wife. Foster forcefully takes Carver back to the truck and leaves him there, taking the truck's keys so Carver can't run off. The humans return to the dam to finish their job. Koba comes back after warning the other apes of the humans' weapons supply and nearly attacks Alex. Malcolm protects him, but Maurice steps in and defends both humans. Koba angrily tells Caesar that he believes Caesar loves the humans more than he does the apes. Enraged, Caesar attacks Koba, beating his face until he decides he cannot kill him -- one of the apes' guiding principles, seen on Maurice's teaching wall is that no ape will ever kill another ape. Koba extends his hand to Caesar for forgiveness. Caesar accepts. Koba returns to the compound to find the same two men sharing a drink. He once again plays up the silly chimp act, entertaining the two men. They hand him their bottle for Koba to drink from, but he spits it out. With their attention diverted, Koba grabs one of their rifles and kills the two men. He leaves with the rifle, then later finds Carver sitting in the van. Koba pulls him out through the window and beats him to death. By nightfall, Malcolm and his group have successfully reactivated the generator and are able to play music. Caesar guides Malcolm and the others to a higher level to show them the lights going up in the city. Cornelia has also gotten better. Just when everything looks fine, Koba appears with the rifle. Only Caesar sees him mere seconds before Koba shoots him. Caesar falls from the tree to the ground. Koba flees, leaving only the rifle and Carver's cap, which Blue Eyes comes across. Maurice tells Malcolm, Ellie, and Alex to run as the other apes become frightened and wild. Koba convinces them all that humans have shot and killed Caesar. He rounds up all the males and charges into the city, as Malcolm and his family are forced to hide. The humans are celebrating the return of their power by dancing. Dreyfus retreats to his private quarters to check his iPad and see pictures of his wife and two sons, who have since been lost to the virus. He breaks down into tears at the sight of them. He then goes to the control room where another man is trying to get contact through the radio. Suddenly, Koba and his gorilla/chimp army ride into the compound to lay siege to the humans. Dreyfus gathers a group of armed men to stand over the gates to fire at the apes. He grabs a rocket launcher and manages to hit several targets, killing a few apes. Koba manages to charge with his apes through the gates and break their wall down. By daybreak, Koba and his followers have taken humans as prisoners, declaring that they now know what it feels like to be caged. They find two humans, one of which is swinging a post at the apes, which Koba grabs from him. He orders Ash to use it on the man, but Ash shows mercy and says Caesar wouldn't want this. In response, Koba grabs Ash and drags him to a balcony and hurls him over to his death. Meanwhile, Malcolm and his family find Caesar, alive but weakened. They take him away and he leads them to his old home where he was raised by humans. They begin to try and treat his wounds, just as the apes run through the city, now armed with the humans' guns. The apes that refused to follow Koba have been locked in a bus. Blue Eyes sees Maurice, who tells him to protect himself. Ellie wants to operate on Caesar but needs medical supplies. Malcolm offers to go back to the city via the subway system and get the supplies, narrowly escaping being killed by apes with machine guns. He eventually hides in a room, only to encounter Blue Eyes, who holds his gun up to Malcolm, but cannot bring himself to shoot him. Malcolm tells him that his father is still alive, leading him to Caesar. Blue Eyes sees the bullet wound and growls at the humans, but Caesar tells him this was Koba's doing. Blue Eyes tells his father that his mother and brother are safe for now, but Koba is amassing more followers due to their fear, and he also tells Caesar that Koba killed Ash, causing Blue Eyes to weep. At night, Caesar goes to the attic and finds an old camera with a video of him as a young chimp with his human owner, the late Will Rodman (James Franco in archive footage), teaching him. Malcolm comes up and asks Caesar who that is. He responds that he was a good man, just like Malcolm. Maurice and the other trapped apes break free from their bus and break the humans out. They find Caesar and tell them about Koba's plan to get the female apes and young ones to join him, including Cornelia and their newborn. Together, along with Malcolm, they head out to stop Koba. Koba and his followers have gathered at the top of a tower, while Dreyfus and two other men have recently made contact with the military and loaded the tower with C4 explosives to take the apes down. While Caesar and his friends go to face Koba, Malcolm encounters Dreyfus and the men, and draws his rifle to stop them and convince them not to go to war with the apes. Dreyfus refuses to relent, saying he is about to save the human race. He grabs the detonator and pushes the button, causing an explosion that kills him and the two men, as well as any apes within the tower, but Malcolm escapes the blast. At the top of the tower, Caesar comes face-to-face with Koba, still wielding his rifle. Koba once again tries to rally the apes, claiming that together, they are strong. Caesar fights his former ally, while the other apes stand by for Caesar. In the chaos, Koba takes his gun back and begins to shoot at the apes. Caesar dives in and tackles Koba, knocking him off a ledge. As he hangs on for his life, he looks up at Caesar, who pulls Koba's arm up. Koba tells him, "Ape not kill ape." Caesar looks him down and replies, "You are not ape." With that, he drops Koba and allows him to fall to his death. The free and surviving apes, including Caesar's family, come up to the tower to reunite as a group. Malcolm goes up to find Caesar and warn him about the incoming military reinforcements that would threaten his family and start a war. Caesar says that an ape has already started a war, and that Malcolm must go and protect his own family. The two of them acknowledge their friendship, but also the fact that the chance for peace is gone. Malcolm slips away, leaving Caesar to stand over the apes, who all bow down to him once again. At the end of the closing credits, the sound of howling apes and the scraping of rubble can be heard. 
 The Thin Red Line (1998)541) Adaptation of James Jones ' autobiographical 1962 novel, focusing on the conflict at Guadalcanal during the second World War. U.S. Army Private Witt (AWOL) is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company First Sergeant, Welsh.The men of C Company,1st Battalion,27th Infantry Regiment,25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position. Their task is to capture the hill at all costs. What happens next is a story of redemption and the meaninglessness of war. Regardless of the outcome. Frank Liesenborgs / Hans Delbruck In World War II, the outcome of the battle of Guadalcanal will strongly influence the Japanese advance into the Pacific theater. A group of young soldiers are brought in as a relief for the battle-weary Marines. The exhausting fight for a strategically-positioned airfield that allows control over a 1000-mile radius puts the men of the Army rifle company C-for-Charlie through hell. The horrors of war form the soldiers into a tight-knit group; their emotions develop into bonds of love and even family. The reasons for this war get further away as the world for the men gets smaller and smaller until their fighting is for mere survival and the life of the other men with them. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> In 1943, the first major U.S. offensive of World War II is drawing to a close on the South Pacific island of Guadalcanal. To put an end to this campaign, the United States Army arrives with a full division of troops and equipment, deployed to break the last resistence of the Japanese. The exploits of this Division are seen from a number of perspectives amongst the soldiers; to include a war weary Sergeant, a power hungry Colonel, a Private who has known only desertion and AWOL, and a Company Commander is struggling with his abilities as a leader. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1942, U.S. Army Private Witt (Jim Caviezel), is AWOL from his unit and living with the easy-going and seemingly carefree Melanesian natives in the South Pacific. He is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company NCO, First Sergeant Welsh (Sean Penn). In Welsh's conversation with Witt, it is clear that the private is unenthusiastic about serving in the army. The men of C Company, 25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. As they wait in the holds of a Navy transport ship, they contemplate their lives and the impending invasion. On deck, battalion commander Lieutenant Colonel Tall (Nick Nolte) talks with his commanding officer, Brigadier General Quintard (John Travolta), about the invasion and its importance with Tall going ashore with C Company while Quintard will remain on the ship. Tall's voice-over reveals that he has been passed over for promotion and this battle may be his last chance to command a victorious operation. C Company lands on Guadalcanal unopposed and marches to the interior of the island, encountering natives and evidence of the Japanese presence and tactics: the mutilated corpses of intercepted Marines and Rangers scouts. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position near Henderson airfield. The Japanese have placed a bunker housing several machine guns at the top of the hill, giving them full view of the valley below. Any force attempting to climb the hill can be easily cut down by machine-gun fire and mortar rounds. A brief shelling of the hill begins the next day at dawn. Shortly after, C Company attempts to take the hill and is repelled by gunfire from the bunker. Among the first killed in the battle is the leader of the attacking platoon, Second Lieutenant Whyte (Jared Leto). During the battle, Lieutenant Colonel Tall orders the company commander, Captain Staros (Elias Koteas), to take the bunker by frontal assault, at whatever cost. Staros refuses, unwilling to treat his men as cannon fodder. When the two reach a stalemate, Tall decides to join Staros on the front line to see the situation for himself. By the time he arrives, the Japanese resistance seems to have lessened, and Tall's opinion of Staros seems to have been sealed. Meanwhile, during the battle, Private Witt, having been assigned punitively as a stretcher bearer, asks to rejoin the company, and is permitted to do so. A small detachment of men perform a reconnaissance mission on Tall's orders to determine the strength of the Japanese bunker. Private Bell (Ben Chaplin) reports back that there are five machine guns in the bunker. He joins another small detachment of men, led by Captain Gaff (John Cusack), on a flanking mission to take the bunker. The operation is a success and C Company stands poised to overrun one of the last Japanese strongholds on the island. They are successful in this regard; the Japanese they find are largely malnourished and dying, and put up little resistance. For their efforts the men are given a week's leave, although not all of them are able to enjoy it fully. The airfield where they are based comes under Japanese artillery bombardment; Bell, who longs to return to his wife, receives a letter from her, informing him that she has fallen in love with someone else and wishes to divorce; much to his surprise, Captain Staros is relieved of his command by Lieutenant Colonel Tall, who deems him too soft for the pressures of combat and suggests that he apply for reassignment and become a lawyer in the JAG in Washington DC. Meanwhile, Witt comes across the Melanesians and notices that they have suddenly grown more distrustful of him and quarrel regularly with one another. Some weeks later, the company is sent on patrol up a river but with the indecisive and inexperienced 1st Lieutenant George Band (Paul Gleeson) at its head. As Japanese artillery falls close to their positions, Band orders several men to scout upriver, with Witt volunteering to go along. They encounter an advancing Japanese column and are attacked. To buy time for Private Fife (Adrien Brody) to go back and inform the rest of the unit, Witt draws away the Japanese but is then encircled by one of their squads, who demand that he surrender. In a moment of bliss and internal calm, he raises his rifle and is gunned down. The company is able to retreat safely. Witt's dead body is later found and buried by Welsh and his squad mates. Sometime later, a few days before Christmas of December 1942, C Company receives a new commanding officer, Captain Bosche (George Clooney), who gives an impassive speech to the Marines about them being a family with him as the father figure. A little later in the final scene, Sgt. Welsh, Pvt. Fife, Lt. Band, Pvt. Bell and the rest of the surviving members of C Company board a waiting LCT which evacuates them from Guadalcanal. 