nm0004049:

 Friday the 13th (2009)541) A group of young adults visit a boarded up campsite named Crystal Lake where they soon encounter the mysterious Jason Voorhees and his deadly intentions. A group of young adults set up tent near the abandoned summer camp where a series of gruesome murders are said to have taken place back in 1980. The perpetrator was a grieving mother, driven insane by the drowning of her child, Jason, whom she believed was neglected by the camp counselors. As legend has it, the last survivor of the attacks beheaded the woman. But then Jason came back, and now he is a vengeful and inexorable killer, wielding crossbows, swords, axes and other sharp instruments. The legend proves horribly true, as these campers quickly discover. Six weeks later, the brother of one of those campers distributes posters of his missing sister. The police believe she took off with her boyfriend; but he knows better. The brother crosses paths with an uptight young rich guy who is having his girlfriend and friends over at his parents' cabin. The brother ends up at the cabin himself just before his sister's attacker sets upon them all. J. Spurlin A young man sets out on a desperate quest to find his missing sister while a group of college students party in a secluded cabin little do they know that a masked killer known as Jason vorhees is stalking the students to avenge his dead mother. Will they survive or will Jason get his revenge? ahmetkozan Wade, Ritchie, Amanda, Mike and Whitney travel to Crystal Lake to camp, but Wade and Ritchie have found a plantation of weed and intend to raise some money selling the dope. However, the group is brutally attacked by Jason Voorhees. Six weeks later, Clay is seeking out his sister Whitney in Crystal Lake, distributing a missing poster with her picture to the locals. In a gas station, he stumbles into the arrogant Trent that has invited his friends Jenna, Lawrence, Chewie, Nolan, Chelsea and Bree to spend the weekend in the cottage of his wealthy family. Jenna teams up with Clay in his quest and they discover that Jason is killing her friends. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On June 13, 1980, a young Jason Voorhees (Caleb Guss) watches as his mother Pamela (Nana Visitor) is beheaded by a camp counselor (Stephanie Rhodes), who was trying to escape Mrs. Voorhees's murder spree around Camp Crystal Lake. Almost thirty years later, a group of friends-Wade (Jonathan Sadowski), Richie (Ben Feldman), Mike (Nick Mennell), Whitney (Amanda Righetti) and Amanda (America Olivo)-arrive at Crystal Lake on a camping trip to search for marijuana growing in the woods. That night, an adult Jason (Derek Mears) kills everyone except Whitney, whom he captures since she resembles his mother at a young age. Six weeks later, Trent (Travis Van Winkle), his girlfriend Jenna (Danielle Panabaker) and friends Chelsea (Willa Ford), Bree (Julianna Guill), Chewie (Aaron Yoo), Nolan (Ryan Hansen) and Lawrence (Arlen Escarpeta) arrive at Trent's summer cabin on the shore of Crystal Lake. Meanwhile, Whitney's brother Clay Miller (Jared Padalecki) arrives at the lake to search for her. Clay visits Trent's cabin, and Jenna agrees to help him search for Whitney. As they search, Jason kills Chelsea and Nolan while they are wake-boarding on the lake. Clay and Jenna search the old Crystal Lake campgrounds where they see Jason hauling a body into the abandoned camp house. Jenna and Clay run to warn the others about Jason, who arrives and disconnects the cabin's electricity. Jason kills Chewie and Lawrence outside the cabin and sneaks inside and kills Bree. Trent, Clay, and Jenna escape the cabin, but Trent is killed when he reaches the main road. Jason chases Clay and Jenna back to the campgrounds, where Clay discovers Jason's lair and finds his sister chained to a wall. Clay frees Whitney, and all three try to escape as Jason arrives. They find an exit, but Jenna is killed before she can escape. Jason corners Clay and Whitney; Whitney confuses Jason by pretending to be Pamela, then stabs him in the chest with his own machete. Clay and Whitney dump Jason's "corpse" into the lake, but before they leave, Jason bursts through the wooden dock and grabs Whitney. 
 Miss Congeniality (2000)431) An F.B.I. Agent must go undercover in the Miss United States beauty pageant to prevent a group from bombing the event. Undercover F.B.I. Agent Gracie Hart shows no signs of having any femininity in her demeanor or appearance. Generally a bright and capable Agent, she is in trouble at work when she makes an error in judgment in a case which results in a near disaster. As such, one of her by-the-books colleagues, Eric Matthews, who has never shown any inclination of thinking outside the box, is assigned to lead the high profile case of a terrorist coined The Citizen instead of her, while she is facing possible disciplinary action. Gracie pieces together the evidence to determine that The Citizen's next target will be the Miss United States beauty pageant. The pageant represents everything that Gracie abhors. Despite Gracie's mannish demeanor, Eric, with no other undercover female Agent remotely fitting the demographic, assigns her to go undercover as a pageant contestant to see if she can flush out The Citizen, who is perhaps one of the other contestants. Although the pageant administration, led by former winner Cathy Morningside and long time host Stan Fields, provide the F.B.I. with access to the pageant, Cathy in particular is less than thrilled to have a non-credible Gracie posing as a contestant, which she feels will ruin the pageant. The F.B.I. enlist the assistance of former pageant contestant coach Victor Melling, who is facing his own disgrace associated with the pageant, to do the nearly impossible task of transforming Gracie, not only into a woman, but a credible beauty pageant contestant. As Gracie proceeds in the transformation, she gets to know the other contestants, not only as potential criminals, but also as real people. She also discovers that another sinister element is present at the pageant. She will do whatever it takes to quash that element and protect her new friends, namely the other innocent contestants. But now displaying some femininity, Gracie begins to have more womanly feelings, and in turn, attracts the attention of men, one in particular about whom she is happy. Huggo When a serial killer indicates that his next target is the Miss United States beauty pageant, the F.B.I. decides that they must get an undercover Agent as a participant in the contest. A search uncovers no suitable candidate other than a bumbling female Agent. Reluctantly, her Captain agrees to let her join the team working the case. The team is led by a womanizing Agent who has an apparent reluctant attraction to Bullock's character. She enters as Miss New Jersey, replacing a contestant who was discovered to have acted in a porn movie. The pageant managers are immediately aghast about the Agent appearing in the pageant, but arrange a top handler to come give her a quick make-over, with the expected outstanding results. Unfortunately, she still is bumbling. When the killer is suddenly caught, everything seems to be over, except the female Agent tries to convince her boss that something is still not right. She has discovered that the pageant managers are being dismissed after twenty-one years for younger people, and Bergen's character may not be as solid as she seems on the surface. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in 1982 at a school where one boy is bullying another. We see Gracie Hart as a child ( Mary Ashleigh Green ) who steps in to the fight, beats up the bully and tries to help the victim, whom she likes. However, the boy feels humiliated about being rescued "by a girl" and rudely rejects her. She responds by punching the boy in the nose, then leaves to sulk alone. Many years later, Gracie Hart ( Sandra Bullock ) is a tough Special Agent working for the Federal Bureau of Investigation with Eric Matthews ( Benjamin Bratt ). In a sting operation against Russian mobsters, she disobeys the orders of her superior ( Ernie Hudson ) and tries to stop their target, a mob boss, from choking. Because of her actions one of her squad gets shot. As punishment, she is demoted to a desk job. The agency is soon alerted to a threat against the 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant in San Antonio, Texas by a letter from a notorious domestic terrorist known only as "The Citizen". Eric is elected to lead the mission to stop a supposed attack. Eric relies on Gracie's suggestions, but ends up taking credit for them himself. One of Gracie's ideas is to plant an undercover agent at the event. A computer search identifies Gracie as the female FBI agent best qualified to take the role, and the cover for her is to be a replacement for Miss New Jersey, as the original would have been disqualified after she was discovered to have been in a porn film, although Gracie pays little attention to her femininity. Beauty pageant coach Victor Melling ( Michael Caine ), whose reputation was ruined after his last contestant criticized his methods, teaches the tomboyish Gracie how to dress, walk, and act like a contestant. She is unused to such behavior, however, and sees the pageant and its participants as "outdated and anti-feminist", but despite being appalled at first, she comes to appreciate Victor's thoroughness. Gracie enters the pageant as "Gracie Lou Freebush", representing New Jersey, and soon becomes an unexpected friend of Cheryl Frasier ( Heather Burns ), who is Miss Rhode Island. As the pageant begins, Gracie impresses the audience and judges during the talent competition by playing the glass harp and demonstrating self-defense techniques, when the other girls drink out of the glass harp. Several suspects are identified, including competition director and former pageant winner Kathy Morningside ( Candice Bergen ), her unpleasant assistant Frank Tobin ( Steve Monroe ), veteran MC Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) and Cheryl, who has a history of being a radical animal rights activist. Gracie tries to dig into Cheryl's past when she accompanies her to a party with the other contestants, but inadvertently finds out that Kathy's past as a pageant contestant is suspect when she learns about a previous contest that Kathy won after the contest's leader suddenly came down with food poisoning. Gracie comes to think that Kathy may actually be a copycat of "The Citizen", but when she reports these suspicions to Eric and the rest of the team, she finds out that "The Citizen" has been arrested elsewhere on an unrelated charge. With no further threat identified, the supervisor has pulled the mission, but Gracie still suspects that something is wrong, and turns in her badge and gun in order to continue the pageant investigation alone. Just as Eric is about to board the plane back to the Bureau, he receives information that appears to confirm Gracie's suspicions, and disobeys orders by returning to San Antonio to help her continue the investigation. In the pageant's final round, Gracie surprises everyone, including herself, by being named first runner-up, while Cheryl is crowned as Miss United States, but as she goes to collect the winner's tiara, Gracie realizes that Frank, who is actually Kathy's son, impersonated "The Citizen" when he made the bomb threat against the pageant. Gracie tries to tell Victor, but he just brightens her remarks up and doesn't take her seriously. She next tries constantly to whisper her findings to Eric as she gets up on the stage, but he too is unable to grasp her statements. She then grabs the tiara off Cheryl and throws it up toward the stage's scenery, where it explodes. As Kathy and Frank are both arrested, Gracie determines that they had wanted to kill the winner of the pageant on stage as an act of revenge for Kathy being terminated from the Miss United States organization. That night, Gracie and Eric both make preparations to return to headquarters with a new-found interest in each other. At the post-pageant breakfast the next morning, the contestants name Gracie as "Miss Congeniality". 
 Boyhood (I) (2014)761) The life of Mason, from early childhood to his arrival at college. Filmed over 12 years with the same cast, Richard Linklater 's BOYHOOD is a groundbreaking story of growing up as seen through the eyes of a child named Mason (a breakthrough performance by Ellar Coltrane ), who literally grows up on screen before our eyes. Starring Ethan Hawke and Patricia Arquette as Mason's parents and newcomer Lorelei Linklater as his sister Samantha, BOYHOOD charts the rocky terrain of childhood like no other film has before. Snapshots of adolescence from road trips and family dinners to birthdays and graduations and all the moments in between become transcendent, set to a soundtrack spanning the years from Coldplay's Yellow to Arcade Fire's Deep Blue. BOYHOOD is both a nostalgic time capsule of the recent past and an ode to growing up and parenting. IFC Films Twelve years in the less than nuclear life of a nuclear Texas family - father Mason, mother Olivia, oldest offspring Samantha, and youngest offspring Mason Jr. - is presented, focusing on the younger Mason's entire public school years, he sometimes referred to as MJ when in the presence of his father. This phase of their story begins in 2002 when Olivia and Mason, who originally married because she was pregnant, are now divorced, the marriage which was destined to dissolve due to these circumstances. Olivia has custody of the two children, and when he is around, Mason has weekend visitation rights, which has not happened in the last year or so as he stated he, an aspiring musician and somewhat irresponsible young adult, was "away somewhere in Alaska" trying to find himself. Olivia wants to eke out a better life for herself and the kids in a way that will also satisfy her own emotional needs. The two parents also try to move on with their sexual and relationship lives in the high probability that they will never reconcile, much against their children's own wants. MJ's growing up is affected by these circumstances and whatever the situation at the time outwardly orchestrated by Olivia (but often manipulated by others), and by his relationship with his family members - who evolve as they each grow up chronologically and emotionally - and others in his ever changing life. Huggo A 12 year story of Mason the Younger, and his sister, Samantha lived a rough life with their mother, Olivia, divorced with their father, Mason. Mason is always giving them advices about living a simple life, when they were hanging out on the weekends. In their American-life journey, Mason Jr. must face the reality that his parents will never be together, started when his parents chose to marry again with other persons, and he must try to focus chasing his own career and achieving his dreams, step-by-step, even when the conditions are awful and full of ugly truths. Gusde Richard Linklater's Boyhood is a coming-of-age drama that the director spent twelve years making. He cast a young boy, Ellar Coltrane, and shot the film a few days at a time for over a decade so that he could capture how his leading actor, and the rest of his cast, aged. The film's story simply follows a boy named Mason (Coltrane) as he progresses from age 6 to 18 and deals with the typical travails of childhood like his parents' divorce, bad stepparents, falling in love, finding his artistic voice, and fighting with his bratty older sister.. The joys and pitfalls of growing up are seen through the eyes of a child named Mason, his parents and his sister. Vignettes, filmed with the same cast over the course of 12 years, capture family meals, road trips, birthday parties, graduations and other important milestones. Songs from Coldplay, Arcade Fire and other artists capture the time period. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. -The film was shot over the course of twelve years, so the actors age, along with the time-line. 2002 - In the opening scene, six-year-old Mason Evans, Jr. ( Ellar Coltrane ) is laying in the grass outside his school, staring at the blue sky, when his divorced mother Olivia ( Patricia Arquette ) comes out from the school to take him home. She had just met with his teacher to talk about Mason who has stayed after school after getting in trouble for apparently putting rocks in a pencil sharpener machine which caused the machine to break. While Mason is clearly a curious kid, he doesn't seem to put a lot of effort into his schoolwork or homework and has not been behaving himself lately. We next see Mason hanging out with his friend Tommy ( Elijah Smith ), spraying graffiti on the walls and checking out provocative pictures of women in magazines.. He lives with his eight-year-old sister Samantha ( Lorelei Linklater ). Nicknamed 'Sam', she enjoys 'messing' with her brother, as seen when she sings "Oops I Did It Again" to annoy him and then throws things at him just to make trouble. Olivia comes in to see what the ruckus is and Samantha pretends to cry to get Mason in trouble. Olivia's boyfriend Ted ( Steven Chester Prince ) comes over one day to take her out, but because the babysitter canceled, she chooses to stay and take care of Mason and Sam. Ted is annoyed and says he has plans to keep with his friends. Olivia stays and plays with her children and later reads to them "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets". While Mason tries to sleep, he overhears Olivia and Ted arguing. He gets up to check out the commotion, seeing Olivia stating that she wants to go out, but she is responsible for her children and she feels that Ted is blaming them for her lack of a social life. Ted walks out on her for good. 2003 - Olivia announces to her kids that they are moving to Houston, Texas in a small house that her mother ( Libby Villari ) found for them, and so she can go back to college at the University of Houston and work her way to a better job. Neither kid is excited about the move. When they get to Houston, Olivia's ex-husband and the kids' father, Mason Evans Sr. ( Ethan Hawke ) comes to pick them up. He is very happy to see his kids, but Grandma is not quite as trusting of Mason Sr. He offers to take them back home to Olivia, despite Grandma telling him not to. Mason Sr. takes the kids bowling. Sam scores four strikes in a row, but when Mason goes up to roll, he misses. He asks his dad to get bumpers set up, but Mason Sr. says bumpers are not necessary, and that we don't use bumpers in life, as it takes the fun and challenge out of things. The kids are both shown trying to compete for their dad's attention, both trying to show off their accomplishments. They then sit to have a meal, watching news of the situation of the war in Iraq. Mason Sr. expresses his feelings on the situation, saying it's not the fault of those in Iraq for what happened in recent times, and he tells his kids if they were old enough to vote, do NOT vote for Bush. He also has a smoking habit that bothers the children over the smell. He brings them home, waiting for Olivia to come back. When she does, she learns the kids didn't finish their homework or have a proper meal. She calls Mason Sr. outside to talk, and Mason watches them argue. Mason Sr. leaves. 2004 - Olivia takes Mason to class with her one day. After the lecture, she introduces him to her professor, Bill Wellbrock ( Marco Perella ) an older middle-aged man who is also a divorcee. He appears charming and kind to Mason. Mason leaves the room to wait for his mother, and he hears Bill not-so-subtly asking Olivia if she may get a babysitter so they can go out. They eventually do go on a date, with Bill's kids, Randy ( Andrew Villarreal ) and Mindy ( Jamie Howard ) staying over Olivia's house playing on the trampoline with Mason and Sam. 2005 - Olivia and Bill get married and have just returned from their honeymoon in Paris, France, with Mason and Sam having Randy and Mindy joining them as a family. The kids spend time together, like going to the opening party of "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince" at the local book store. Bill proves to be a strict parent, particularly toward Randy. He seems to show a bit of favoritism to Mason. However, Bill is shown to start drinking. His demeanor toward his kids, as well as Mason and Sam seems to be getting harsher. He criticizes the kids for not finishing their work, and harshly scolding them in front of Olivia. One weekend, Mason Sr. takes the kids out again, but they don't try and talk to him so much. It begins to bug their dad (especially since he's quit smoking) a lot until he pulls over and insists that they talk to him about anything, whether it's drama at school or anything else they've done lately. The kids then reconnect with Mason Sr., and he takes them to a museum, a baseball game, and they play hide and seek around the Houston area. Mason Sr. later takes the kids back to his house, where they stay over for the weekend. Being part of a band, Mason Sr. plays a song for his kids with his slob roommate. At night, while Mason sleeps on the couch, he asks his dad if he believes that there's magic in the world. Mason Sr. responds with mentioning something about a whale with sonar and asks Mason if he'd believe him if he told him about that. Bill orders Mason and Randy to have haircuts in their home. It's especially unpleasant for Mason, as he was happy with his long hair. He expresses his disdain to his mother, who says she'll talk to Bill. She leaves Mason at school, where the other kids laugh at his haircut. One girl, however, passes a note to Mason, thinking his haircut looks "kewl". They smile at each other. 2006 - Mason and Randy are riding around town with their friend on their bikes, when they come home to find Olivia in the garage, crying on the floor. The boys run to her, and Bill comes out loudly stating that she had an accident and is just overreacting. Bill's alcoholism and abusive behavior has clearly gotten worse over time. Over dinner one afternoon, he brings his liquor bottle to the table and menacingly asks the family if they have a problem with his drinking. Everyone says 'no', though Mason is silent. Bill knows Mason doesn't like him, and he jokes that he doesn't like himself either. Mason still says nothing, and Bill throws his drinking glass at Mason's plate, shattering it and frightening Olivia and the kids. When Olivia is out of the house, Bill interrogates the kids, thinking they sent secret messages to her or to other people to rat him out for his now-abusive behavior. He checks through all their phones and sees nothing except on Sam's phone, and Sam admits that she spoke to her mom, who told Sam that the kids should stay in their rooms when Bill would appear drunk. Bill takes the kids to an ATM and sees that Olivia took all their money. He forces Mason and Randy to go into the liquor store to cash in a $500 check (and so he can buy more hard liquor for himself). The drunk Bill nearly gets into an car accident while they are driving home. Some time later that day, Olivia comes home with a girl friend to take Mason and Sam away, but Bill stands between them, yelling at the kids to go back inside the house. Mason and Sam manage to get out, with Bill aggressively pushing them ahead. They stay at Olivia's friend's house for the time being. Sam asks her mom why they couldn't take Mindy and Randy. Olivia says she's not their legal guardian and it would be kidnapping. She starts crying because she doesn't have the answers, as well as having to leave Mindy and Randy behind with their abusive and drunkard father to face an uncertain future. 2007 - Mason has started a new school in the small town of San Marcos, a community close to Austin, meeting new friends along the way. One day, he goes to see his mom at her new job in teaching psychology at the Texas State College. He sits through her lecture, and then hears her invite the students for a gathering over Thanksgiving that she is hosting with a fellow professor. When she and Mason get home, Olivia scolds Sam for not going to pick Mason up from school. 2008 - As the fall season comes around, Mason Sr. has his kids go around the neighborhood putting on Obama/Biden signs for the upcoming Presidential elections. Mason goes to the house of a right-wing Republican and asks if he can put the sign up, and the man sends Mason away. The kids do find a lady who is definitely pro-Obama, calling herself an "Obama Mama". Mason Sr. learns that Samantha has a boyfriend and talks to her and Mason about contraception. On another occasion, Mason Sr. takes his son camping. They go for a swim in the lake, hike through the woods, and then sit around a campfire at night, making s'mores and having an amusing conversation about if there will ever be another "Star Wars" movie. Olivia and her co-worker host the Thanksgiving party. Mason talks to one of Olivia's students in his room. She tells him that his mom is her favorite professor. While eating, a student named Jim ( Brad Hawkins ), an Afghanistan/Iraq War veteran, talks about his experiences serving his country. Mason later sees Jim talking to his mom outside, as she is clearly interested. Eventually, he ends up moving in with her. 2009/2010 - Mason makes new friends over time in his new high school. He does have a brief encounter with two bullies in the restroom, both of whom harass him but then leave, flipping him the bird. Mason later walks home with his school friend Jill ( Evie Thompson ), who mentions not liking the "Twilight" series, as well as noting that one of her friends has a crush on Mason. One of Mason's new friends comes over asking if he wants to go camping with him and other friends. Olivia lets Mason go, though the kids really just go to an unfinished home where they drink beer and berate each other for their lack of sexual experiences. 2011 - Mason (having just turned 15) is dropped off by his friends while making out with his girlfriend in their car. He also shares a joint with his friends. He comes home to find his mother hosting another party. He admits he's been drinking and smoking a little, but Olivia doesn't seem that upset. Instead, she wishes her son a happy birthday. The next day, Mason Sr. comes to pick up Mason and Sam again, with his new wife Annie ( Jenni Tooley ), and his newborn son Cooper ( Landon Collier ), while Olivia is talking to a handyman named Ernesto ( Roland Ruiz ) about fixing the pipes. She asks if he goes to school, and he says he doesn't have time since he works all day. She suggests going to take night classes. The kids, meanwhile, get ready to leave. Mason Sr. thanks Jim for giving Mason a camera. On the road, Mason learns that his dad gave away his old car to buy a minivan. Mason is upset because he recalls his dad promising him that car when he turned 16. Mason Sr. doesn't remember saying such a thing. He does, however, give his son a mix CD of songs from the individual Beatles members after they went solo, because, to Mason Sr., each of them put together still creates an effective flow of Beatles music as if they were still together as a band. The family gets to the home of Annie's parents, Cliff ( Richard Andrew Jones ) and Nana ( Karen Jones ). They are much more conservative than Mason Sr. is used to, but they still love him and his kids. They give Mason a Bible with his name on it, and a rifle. Mason Sr. and Cliff teach Sam and Mason to shoot, and then later take them to church. 2012 - Mason has developed an active interest in photography. He spends a lot of time in the school darkroom, which cuts into his schoolwork. His teacher, Mr. Turlington ( Tom McTigue ), comes in and lectures the boy on his lack of work, encouraging him to do better. He assigns Mason to photograph the school's upcoming football game. Another day or so later, Mason goes to a party and meets a girl named Sheena ( Zoe Graham ). He expresses his views on the world and life, which she finds weird, but she is definitely charmed by him. Mason comes home late, with Jim sitting outside waiting for him. He is angry at Mason's lack of respect and disregard for rules. 2013 - Mason (now age 17) now works at a restaurant as a busboy/dishwasher as his weekend and after-school job. He eats some leftover shrimp with his co-worker April ( Jessie Tilton ). They seem to flirt for a bit before Mason goes to wash dishes. His stern boss ( Richard Robichaux ) comes in, scolding Mason for slacking on his work. However, he does tell Mason that he's up for a fry cook job over the summer, which would bring in more pay for him. Somewhere in between this, Olivia has broken up with Jim and she plans to sell the house. Mason takes Sheena to the University of Texas in Austin to stay with Sam (who is attending the college as a freshman) at her dorm in college while her roommate is out. On the trip, Mason mentions deactivating his Facebook account, which Sheena makes fun of him for, since she feels more connected to everything with that site. They get to Austin and hang out with Sam and her new boyfriend ( Will Harris ). At night, Mason and Sheena go to a diner to munch on chips and queso at 3 in the morning. They go through the city and watch the sunrise, sharing a kiss. Later, they have sex in Sam's roommate's bed. The roommate comes in and catches them in bed. She briefly chats with Mason, despite the situation being a bit awkward. At school, Mason collects his pictures that he had for a photography contest, in which he earned a second-place silver medal. He gets a text from Sheena to meet him under a tree. Turns out that Sheena cheated on Mason with a college lacrosse player, and her friends have been talking, since Mason already bought prom tickets for both of them. Sheena breaks up with Mason. 2014 - Mason (now age 18) has finally graduated high school. His friend drives him home and joins Mason for a graduation party. All of Mason's family is there, and even his boss shows up to give him a savings bond. The family takes pictures and toasts to Mason's future. One afternoon, Olivia takes her kids to a restaurant, telling them that she is moving to a new place and that they must gather the childhood possessions that they wish to keep, now that both of them are no longer going to be living at home. The manager comes over, and it happens to be Ernesto the handyman. He thanks Olivia for encouraging him to pursue an education, which has brought him better job opportunities, and he offers them a free meal on him. Mason hangs out with his dad at a lounge, discussing Mason's recent break-up. Mason Sr. says Sheena was too square for his boy, and that if he keeps working on himself, he'll meet better girls. Mason Sr.'s roommate then gets with his band and plays a song for Mason's recent graduation. Some months later in September, Mason is set to move out to attend the Sul Ross State University in Alpine, Texas and packs to move out of Olivia's apartment. He debates on leaving or taking his framed first photograph with him. Olivia starts to cry, knowing her kids have left the nest and saying that she has nothing to look forward to now but death. Mason drives off to college. He stops at a gas station to fill up, but also manages to take photographs. He gets to his dorm and meets his roommate, Dalton ( Maximillian McNamara ) and his girlfriend Barb ( Taylor Weaver ), along with Barb's roommate Nicole ( Jessi Mechler ). They invite Mason to go hiking with them, and they give him part of a pot brownie. On the hike, Mason chats with Nicole, who has a teaching job. The four of them get to an area where Dalton is yelling excitedly to the air. Mason sits with Nicole, who asks him if he thinks about when people tell him to seize moments. She thinks it's the opposite, and that moments seize us. Mason ponders the thought, and smiles at Nicole. 
 A Scanner Darkly (2006)431) An undercover cop in a not-too-distant future becomes involved with a dangerous new drug and begins to lose his own identity as a result. In a totalitarian society in a near future, the undercover detective Bob Arctor is working with a small time group of drug users trying to reach the big distributors of a brain-damaging drug called Substance D. His assignment is promoted by the recovery center New Path Corporation, and when Bob begins to lose his own identity and have schizophrenic behavior, he is submitted to tests to check his mental conditions. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In the not too distant future in Orange County California, an undercover narcotics agent is known internally in the force only by his code name, Fred. His identity within can be kept secret as the scanning suit he dons hides his true identity. In reality, he is Bob Arctor. His assignment is to infiltrate a drug ring dealing in a hallucinogen known as Substance D, the ultimate goal to find the source of the drug. Arctor's own use of Substance D and moving within this drug world is making him lose his true identity, which includes a family life with two young daughters. As Fred, he is also assigned to monitor his own movements since one of Arctor's drug colleagues, James Barris, has come to the authorities to report Arctor's drug dealings, although Fred's superior, code named Hank, knows that Fred in his true identity is one of the people in the drug ring being monitored. But Hank and Hank's colleagues will do anything, even sacrifice Fred/Arctor, to achieve the ultimate goal of finding the source of Substance D. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the future "seven years from now," America has lost the war on drugs. A highly addictive and debilitating illegal drug called Substance D, made from a small blue flower, has swept across the country. In response, the government develops an invasive, high-tech surveillance system and puts in place a network of informants and undercover agents. Bob Arctor (Reeves) is an undercover agent assigned to immerse himself in the drug underworld and infiltrate the drug supply chain. Arctor and his housemates, Ernie Luckman (Harrelson) and James Barris (Downey Jr.), live in a suburban tract house in a poor Anaheim, California neighborhood. They are heavy drug users, and they pass their days by taking drugs and having long, drug-inspired conversations. When Arctor is at the police station, he is code-named Fred, and hides his identity from his fellow police officers by wearing a high-tech scramble suit that changes every aspect of the wearer's appearance. Arctor's superior officer, Hank, like all other undercover officers at the station, also wears a scramble suit. While posing as a drug user, Arctor becomes addicted to Substance D, a powerful psychoactive drug which causes a dreamy state of intoxication and bizarre hallucinations; chronic users may develop a split personality, cognitive problems, and severe paranoia. Arctor befriends an attractive young woman named Donna Hawthorne (Ryder), a user of cocaine, Arctor's supplier of Substance D, and part of the drug scene. Arctor hopes to buy so much Substance D from Hawthorne that she is forced to introduce him to her supplier, but Arctor develops romantic feelings for her. However, Hawthorne refuses Arctor's sexual advances and Arctor's housemates question the true nature of their relationship. Barris implies to longtime friend and near-insane Substance D addict Charles Freck (Cochrane) that he has made advances toward Donna only to be refused, and suggests that Freck supply her with cocaine in order to attract her attention away from Arctor and convince her to lower her drug prices. Hank orders Fred to step up surveillance on the members of the Arctor household. Hank assumes Fred is one of the drug users in the Arctor household, but does not know which one, and actually orders Fred to focus the surveillance on Arctor. In the meantime, the household members are extremely paranoid that the police have bugged their home and are watching their every move. The paranoia reaches extreme levels, and Arctor seems to become wrapped up in the concern of his housemates, even forgetting that he is the undercover agent spying on his justifiably paranoid friends. Meanwhile, Arctor's housemate Barris (Downey Jr.) secretly contacts the police and tells them he suspects Hawthorne and Arctor are part of a terrorist organization. Barris unknowingly tells this to Arctor himself at the police station while Arctor is wearing his scramble suit (i.e. in his job as Fred). Due to Arctor's heavy use of Substance D, he develops cognitive problems which stop the two hemispheres of his brain from communicating with each other, and as a result he is receiving two different sets of information that are in conflict. As a result, Arctor is no longer able to distinguish between his roles as a drug user and undercover policeman, which makes him incapable of performing his job. Hank reprimands Arctor for becoming addicted to Substance D while undercover, and warns him that he will be disciplined. After Barris supplies information to the police on the terrorist organization that Hawthorne and Arctor supposedly belong to--including a recording that Hank immediately recognizes as fake, synthesized on a computer--Hank orders Barris held on charges of providing false information to the police, which he assures Barris is "merely a cover" to protect him while the information is evaluated. After Barris' arrest, Hank reveals to Fred that he has figured out, through the process of elimination, his true identity, and that his identity is indeed Arctor. Arctor is surprised to learn his own true identity and he begins to act extremely confused and disoriented. Hank then informs Arctor that the whole point of the surveillance was to catch Barris, not Arctor himself; the police suspected Barris of being involved in the Substance D ring, and they were setting him up by driving up his paranoia level until Barris cracked and tried to cover his tracks with the false info. While a disturbed Arctor begins to break down, Hank phones Donna and asks her to take Arctor to New Path, a corporation that runs a series of rehabilitation clinics. After Arctor leaves the office, Hank heads to the lockers to remove his scramble suit, and his true identity is revealed: Donna Hawthorne. At New Path, Arctor experiences the severe symptoms of Substance D withdrawal. As part of the rehabilitation program, Arctor is renamed Bruce and put through psychological reconditioning treatments. Arctor has serious brain damage from his withdrawal from Substance D. Sometime later Donna, using the name Audrey, has a conversation with another officer named Mike (seen undercover as an orderly at New Path), in which both reveal that New Path is responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Substance D. Donna/Audrey was part of a greater police operation to infiltrate New Path, and Arctor had been selected, without his knowledge or consent, to carry out the sting. It is revealed that the police had intended for Arctor to become addicted to Substance D; his well-being was sacrificed so that he might enter a rehabilitation center unnoticed as a real addict in order to find conclusive proof of New Path's crimes. They are dubious if there is still enough of Arctor left to find the evidence. To continue his rehabilitation, New Path sends Arctor to work at an isolated New Path corn farming prison. Arctor spots rows of blue flowers hidden between rows of corn. These flowers, referenced throughout the film, are the source of Substance D. As the film ends, Arctor hides one of the blue flowers in his boot, so that when he returns to the New Path clinic during Thanksgiving he can give it to his "friends" - undercover police agents. 