nm0004827:

 Sunset Beach (19971999)Summaries Having discovered her fianc Tim Truman kissing another woman, Meg Cummings leaves her home in Kansas on their wedding day to start a new life in Sunset Beach, California. Her goal is to find a computer pen pal, SB. Soon after she sets foot on Sunset Beach, Meg's life is turned upside-down, as she becomes involved in the dynamic lives of the Beach's residents. KR <rivadenei@uhavax.hartford.edu> The three-year story of the conflicts and struggles of the residents of a Southern California beachside town. The show focused on the wealthy Richards family, star-crossed lovers Ben Evans and Meg Cummings, the Torres family, and many other residents were also prominently featured. Derek <DRLC613@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Best Man Holiday (2013)Summaries When college friends reunite after 15 years over the Christmas holidays, they discover just how easy it is for long-forgotten rivalries and romances to be reignited. Mia Sullivan (Monica Calhoun), wife of Lance Sullivan (Morris Chestnut), has written letters requesting that the old gang should join them for Christmas: Harper Stewart (Taye Diggs) and his almost-nine-month-pregnant wife Robyn (Sanaa Lathan), Julian "Murch" Murchison (Harold Perrineau) and wife Candace Sparks (Regina Hall), her best friend Jordan Armstrong (Nia Long) and boyfriend Brian McDonald (Eddie Cibrian), Quentin "Q" Spivey (Terrence Howard), and Shelby Taylor (Melissa De Sousa). All the friends arrive at the house, the first time they've come together in 14 years, and the celebration begins. At dinner, the old friends catch up while tensions grow between Shelby and Candace. Years after his debut novel, Harper is struggling with writer's block, financial difficulties, and pressure from his publisher to come up with newer and better material for his next book. He has also been recently relieved of his faculty position at New York University, further complicating the couple's financial position. He kept all this from Robyn, as she is finally pregnant with their first child after years of expensive fertility treatments and the baby is almost full-term. His agent suggests he write a biography on his estranged friend, Lance, who is set to retire from football. Harper reluctantly agrees, but keeps the biography a secret.. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Cave (2005)651) Blood-thirsty creatures await a pack of divers who become trapped in an underwater cave network. Decades after a rock church in communist Romania's Carpathians caved when an expedition caused a landslide and buried everyone, Dr. Nicolai's scientific team exploring the associated Templar Knights monster fighting-legend discovers a deep, flooded cave system and hires the brothers Jack and Tyler's brilliant divers team to explore it. Another explosion traps them, after finding a mysterious parasite turning all species carnivore, and later an independently evolved predator species. Jack may be infected and turning, but Tyler sticks with him, so the group splits, hunted by the monsters, which also fly. KGF Vissers On the remains of an abandoned convent in the Romanian Carpathian Mountains, a team of archaeologists discover the entrance to a massive cave system and intrepidly, they decide to explore it to the end. With the intention to further investigate the existence of a rare virgin and unspoilt ecosystem, under the leadership of Dr Nicolai and his trusted associate Dr Kathryn Jennings, a group of seasoned cave divers led by Jack McAllister is assembled. Equipped with the latest in modern technology, the researchers will ambitiously begin their expedition deep inside the heart of the mountain, in what seems to be a vast interconnected network of undiscovered caverns. However, as they gradually progress deeper into the earth, four kilometres underground, a completely unknown and extremely hostile life form awaits them exposing the mountain's deadly secret which will sooner or later, engage the team in a battle for survival between species. Nick Riganas A group of cave-divers and scientists explore a newly found cave system in Romania. However, rockfall blocks the exit and after delving further into the cave, the group discover a pack of deadly creatures are waiting for them. With their leader Jack having very strange side-effects and with their numbers dropping, the group must delve even further into the cave, battle the creatures and hope for an exit. MovieFan998 Thirty years ago, in the Carpathians Mountains of Romania, a group of explorers blows an entrance to a cave hidden under a church, but the explosion causes a landslide and they become trapped inside. In the present days, the expedition leaded by Dr. Nicolai and his assistant, Dr. Kathryn are exploring the place and they find the access through an underwater river, requesting the experienced cave divers team leaded by Jack. Dr. Nicolai discovers that, in accordance with the local legend, the church was built to seal the cave as a display of God's protective power, and that Templar Knights entered the cave to fight winged demons. When the group reaches a cave though a tunnel one mile below and three miles in, a creature attacks one of the members and his breathing apparatus explodes, collapsing the tunnel and trapping the group in the cave. Soon they realize that they are the rescue team and they have to find an exit to survive from the attack of the monsters. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A group of biologists discovers a huge network of unexplored caves in Romania. The biologists believe they have found an undisturbed eco-system that has produced a new species. They hire the best American team of underwater cave explorers in the world. Jack (Cole Hauser) is the team leader, and his brother Tyler (Eddie Cibrian) is the team's best scout. Their scuba equipment is also the best in the world; the scuba tank or rebreather will allow them to stay underwater for 24 hours. The team is so excited about the new cave that they start the dive immediately along with the biologists. While exploring deeper in the underwater caves, a cave-in blocks their exit, so they must find a new way out. They soon discover a larger carnivorous creature has added them to its food chain. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Third Watch (19992005)Summaries The exploits of a group of men and women who serve New York City as police officers, firemen, and paramedics in the fictional 55th Precinct. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 