nm0000283:

 L.A. Confidential (1997)651) As corruption grows in 1950s Los Angeles, three policemen - one strait-laced, one brutal, and one sleazy - investigate a series of murders with their own brand of justice. 1950's Los Angeles is the seedy backdrop for this intricate noir-ish tale of police corruption and Hollywood sleaze. Three very different cops are all after the truth, each in their own style: Ed Exley, the golden boy of the police force, willing to do almost anything to get ahead, except sell out; Bud White, ready to break the rules to seek justice, but barely able to keep his raging violence under control; and Jack Vincennes, always looking for celebrity and a quick buck until his conscience drives him to join Exley and White down the one-way path to find the truth behind the dark world of L.A. crime. Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu> Three policemen, each with his own motives and obsessions, tackle the corruption surrounding an unsolved murder at a downtown Los Angeles coffee shop in the early 1950s. Detective Lieutenant Exley (Guy Pearce), the son of a murdered detective, is out to avenge his father's killing. The ex-partner of Officer White (Russell Crowe), implicated in a scandal rooted out by Exley, was one of the victims. Sergeant Vincennes (Kevin Spacey) feeds classified information to a tabloid magnate (Danny DeVito). LA in the 50's: someone's killing imprisoned mob boss Mickey Cohen's gang. The police, led by Captain Dudley, convince wiseguys from Jersey, Cleveland, and elsewhere to go home. Rich developer, Pierce Patchett, runs a stable of high-class hookers who are ringers for movie stars. The plot to replace Cohen blindsides three plainclothes cops: White watched his father beat his mother to death then vanish, he punishes abusers with quick violence; Exley's father was a hero cop killed mysteriously, he seeks justice by the book; Vicennes, a clothes horse, consults for a Dragnet-like TV show. Will they escape corruption and murder, will they find their own morality? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Three detectives in the corrupt and brutal L.A. police force of the 1950s use differing methods to uncover a conspiracy behind the shotgun slayings of the patrons at an all-night diner in this lush tribute to tough film noir crime films. Based on the multi-layered James Ellroy novel. Keith Loh <keith@mwg.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An opening montage, narrated by Sid Hudgens (Danny DeVito), publisher of "Hush-Hush," a Hollywood sleaze magazine, explains that Mickey Cohen has taken over the organized crime rackets in Los Angeles (left behind by the murdered Bugsy Siegel) and that his actions have tarnished the reputation of the LA police department. Cohen, however, is arrested on income tax evasion and sent to prison on MacNeil Island in Washington state, leaving open the rackets he'd expanded for years. "Remember dear readers," he signs off, "You heard it here first. On the record, off the QT, and very Hush-Hush." During the Christmas season of 1952, police officer Wendell "Bud" White (Russell Crowe), while out on a liquor run with his partner, Dick Stensland, checks in on a parolee he'd sent to San Quentin State Penitentiary and finds him physically abusing his wife. Bud has no tolerance for those who are violent with women, seeing how his own mother was killed by his drunk and abusive father. To lure the wifebeater outside, Bud yanks the man's lighted Santa sleigh and reindeer decorations from the roof of the house. When the man comes outside to confront White, White beats him senseless and handcuffs him to the porch railing. Bud tells the man he'll be sent back to prison for about 18 months and that he'll be watching him after he's released, threatening to send him back on a child rape charge. Bud and Stensland go to a liquor store where they buy alcohol for a party at their precinct. Bud meets a beautiful woman in the store named Lynn, who easily recognizes that he is a cop. Leaving the store, Bud notices a young woman, whose face is bruised and bandaged, sitting in the backseat of a car with another unidentified man. When Bud inquires about what happened, he is met by the car's driver, Leland 'Buzz' Meeks, who tries to shine him on. Bud disarms him and inquires further about the injured woman, who tells him herself that she's OK. He returns Meeks' pistol and wallet. When he gets back to his own car, Stensland confirms that Meeks is a former cop. At a lavish Hollywood Christmas party for the show Badge of Honor, Sgt. Jack Vincennes (Kevin Spacey), a narcotics detective, is dancing with his date when he is met by Sid Hudgens. Vincennes is a technical advisor to the show's lead actor Brett Chase, teaching him how to act like a cop. He's also got a hustle going on with Sid where he busts celebrities for minor offenses and Sid then writes trashy gossip to ruin their careers in Hush-Hush. Tonight, Sid has a hot tip for Jack: two starlets, Matt Reynolds and Tammy Jordan, have purchased a small quantity of marijuana and have rented a hotel bungalow. Sid promises Vincennes a $50 payment for doing the bust, in exchange for exclusive coverage in Hush-Hush, though Vincennes ups the demand to $100 to cover the additional payoffs for two patrolmen and a watch commander. At a local police precinct, Sgt. Edmund 'Ed' Exley (Guy Pearce) has been assigned as watch commander for the evening. He is interviewed by a reporter from the Los Angeles Times, who cite his late father Preston Exley's own famous reputation as a police officer, suggesting that Exley has a lot to live up to. Exley also talks to his captain, Dudley Smith (James Cromwell), who expresses disappointment in the young officer and warns that unless he's willing to adopt the brutal tactics (planting evidence, interrogative beatings) employed by officers like his father, he'll never be a successful detective in the department. Exley intends to build his career as an honest cop, even if that means being a pariah with the rank and file cops. As a last word of advice, Smith urges Exley not to wear his glasses because nobody else on the force wears them. Vincennes busts Matt and Tammy and arrests them in a gaudy show that Sid headlines as the "Movie Premiere Pot Bust" (due to Vincennes directing Sid to take the article picture from such an angle so as to capture a movie theatre premiere going on in the background). While Vincennes is investigating the bungalow, he pockets the small amount of marijuana that the two brought and is intrigued to find a business card for an agency called "Fleur de Lis". He takes them to Smith's police station and has them booked for possession of marijuana. Exley refuses the $10 bribe Jack offers him, a reply that perplexes Vincennes. At that moment, three Mexican suspects are brought in; it is believed they assaulted two police officers, who came out of the incident with minor injuries. The details of the incident quickly become hyperbolic as gossip spreads. Vincennes himself contributes to the escalation and the drunk party goers are lead to believe both officers are near death in the hospital. Stensland and some of the other other party goers, already heavily intoxicated, rush downstairs to the holding area. Refusing to recognize Exley's authority as watch commander, the scene quickly becomes ugly as the Mexican prisoners are viciously beaten. Exley is locked in the isolation room when he tries to intervene. White tries to pull Stensland off one of the prisoners and calm him down only to get provoked into the attack when insulted by one of them. Vincennes joins in as well when a prisoner falls on him, bloodying his fancy suit. The reporters who'd been interviewing Exley are also present, snapping a photo of the fight. The photo of the jailhouse melee makes the front page of The Los Angeles Times, describing the incident as "Bloody Christmas", sparking public outrage and demand for the responsible parties to be held accountable. The LAPD Chief, District Attorney Ellis Loew and Dudley Smith meet with White, Vincennes and Exley separately. White staunchly refuses to rat on Stensland as the ringleader of the incident and is ordered suspended without pay. Exley is more cooperative, knowing that his own testimony will secure him a promotion to lieutenant and detective level, agrees to appear in court as a surprise witness, and also shows political acumen that even Smith couldn't imagine: the public will not be happy if the police bury this scandal, so the blame should be shifted to participants who've already secured their pensions and can be convinced to take early retirements, while indicting Stensland and White as the ones who purchased the liquor for the party. DA Loew agrees, and the Chief immediately has Exley promoted to Lieutenant (noting parallels between Exley's rise and that of his father) on the spot. However, Loew and Smith note that Exley's testimony will be worthless unless they can produce another witness. For this, Exley suggests Vincennes, figuring he can be compelled to testify with the threat of losing his technical advisor role on Badge of Honor. The officials invite Exley to observe as Vincennes meets with them and they lay out Exley's deal. Vincennes agrees and accepts a transfer to the vice department following a temporary suspension, though is quick to figure out that Exley is the star witness. Within days, the fallout from the scandal blows over: Stensland is fired so the police have a scapegoat who can take all the blame for the incident, while several other officers are forced into early retirement. Exley moves up to Homicide downtown, and is immediately despised by his fellow colleagues. White is taken off suspension when he agrees to aid Smith, and detectives Michael Breuning and William Carlisle in a new project, in which they intercept mobsters who intend to move into LA and take over Mickey Cohen's businesses. The suspects are taken to a remote and abandoned motel complex called the Victory and are beaten by White and threatened into leaving the city. While this goes on, several former Cohen lieutenants are gunned down by two-man teams armed with Thompson submachine guns in what the media speculate to be a power struggle to gain control of the void left by Cohen's imprisonment. In one incident, Cohen's top heroin dealer is murdered in his house and 20 kilograms of product is stolen by the unidentified killers. Vincennes is temporarily suspended, per his deal with the DA, and upon his reinstatement is assigned to a Vice task force looking to break up prostitution rings around the city. He's intrigued when he notices a symbol of a flower on the dossier he's given and recognizes it as the logo from the Fleur de Lis business card he found in Matt Reynolds' bungalow. However, his attempt to contact them over the phone is unsuccessful. On his first night in Homicide, shortly after 2:00 AM, Exley gets a call about a murder at the Nite Owl coffee shop, a regular hangout for cops. Exley arrives on the scene and finds the cook shot dead behind the counter, and the cash register emptied, suggesting a robbery. He notices an overturned chair and realizes there were several customers inside. He then notices a blood trail that leads to the men's bathroom. Following this trail, he finds five more bodies piled up in the bathroom, all riddled with shotgun blasts. Dudley Smith arrives and assumes command of the investigation, making Exley his second in command. The forensics team quickly reports that there were six victims. The shooters are determined to have fired fifteen rounds, which suggests three Remington shotguns with five-shot capacity and three gunmen. It also turns out that one of the deceased has been identified as Stensland. White rushes to the hospital morgue to look at the body. Crestfallen to see his friend among the dead (especially considering that he'd only spoken to him a few hours earlier in the parking garage after he'd surrendered his badge and gun), he demands the story from Exley who fills him in. He and Exley then sit in as another of the victims, Susan Lefferts, is identified by her mother. When he sees her body, Bud immediately recognizes Susan as the woman in the car who appeared to be injured the night he and Stensland were purchasing the liquor. Putting aside all other investigations, the senior detectives from all departments are assigned to the search and apprehension of the Nite Owl killers. Much to the consternation of his fellow detectives, Exley himself will lead the interrogations of the suspects when they are brought in. Leads are few but a report of three "negro" males firing shotguns, driving a late 1940s Mercury Coupe, will be followed by all the two-man teams involved. White is shaken by the fact that two of the Nite Owl victims - Stensland and Lefferts - crossed paths so shortly before the killings. Acting on his hunches, he strikes out on his own to follow this lead, refusing to be partnered. He returns to the liquor store where he met Lynn, and upon asking the owner, is given the address of a man named Pierce Patchett (David Strathairn), the man sitting next to Lefferts the night he met her and Meeks. Bud talks to Patchett and finds out that the woman he met in the liquor store, Lynn Bracken (Kim Basinger), and Lefferts are part of a prostitution ring run by Patchett himself that uses plastic surgery to give his women the appearance of famous movie stars. The prostitution ring is dubbed "Fleur de Lis", which unbeknownst to White is the ring that Vincennes has been looking into. Lynn is Patchett's Veronica Lake while Lefferts was his Rita Hayworth. However, Patchett refuses to divulge any details about Lefferts' murder and cuts the meeting short. Exley joins Vincennes on a hunch and they turn up the address of Sugar Ray Collins, who drives the car mentioned in the lead. They track the man and his two friends to their home and find the car and shotguns in a garage. They also find Breuning and Carlisle have beaten them to it. Vincennes argues briefly with the two other officers about who will arrest the three men; Breuning and Carlisle had gotten there first and Vincennes knows the arrest will get him back in with the narcotics squad. Exley pulls rank and orders them to all proceed together and Collins and his buddies, Ty Jones, and Lewis Fontaine, are arrested without much incident, although Exley has to deflect Carlisle's shotgun to keep him from shooting one of the suspects. During the questioning of the suspects and tactfully using the interrogation room's PA speakers and microphones, Exley demonstrates brilliant tactical skill, tricking the three men into believing they have informed on each other. The three already have criminal records and have spent time in juvenile facilities, which Exley also uses to his advantage. One of them, crying and nearly hysterical, tells Exley that they'd visited the house of another man, Sylvester Fitch, so he could lose his virginity to a woman held captive there. Enraged, Bud White rushes into Ty Jones' room and, drawing his pistol and emptying every chamber in the cylinder but one, he puts the muzzle in the man's mouth and plays Russian Roulette, demanding Fitch's address, which Jones gives up. A team is sent out to Fitch's house. White sneaks in first, finding a young Mexican woman bound naked to a bed and obviously beaten, and possibly raped. Bud finds Fitch watching TV, and shoots him dead, before planting a fired pistol on him. When the victim is driven away in an ambulance, Exley tries to ask her when the three black men left her but White stops him, waving the ambulance away. Bud seems angered that Exley is only concerned about furthering his career, which Exley counters by saying that Stensland "got what he deserved" and White's fate will be the same. White tries to attack Exley but is held back. At that moment a report is issued that the three black suspects have escaped from the precinct. Exley, talking to a stenographer, gets an address that was given by one of the black men where they had bought drugs. Unable to get Vincennes, Exley takes Carlisle with him to the address and they burst in to find the three suspects there with their narcotics supplier, Roland Navarette. When Lewis accidentally knocks a bottle off the table, the trigger-happy Carlisle shoots him. All hell breaks loose as Navarette lethally shoots Carlisle multiple times, until Exley shoots him. Ty Jones attempts to grab a revolver, but he is also shot dead by Exley. Collins tries to flee to the elevator, but Exley jams his shotgun in just as the door is about to close and takes him out as well. Exley is greeted as a hero back at the station and Smith dubs him "Shotgun Ed." With the case closed, Exley is given the department's highest decoration, the Medal of Valor, for bravery in the line of duty, and earns the respect of the other detectives in the department who previously despised him. Vincennes returns to the Narcotics squad and the "Badge of Honor" TV show. In the meantime, Patchett breaks ground on an ambitious project, a freeway running from the eastern sections of LA to the beaches of Santa Monica, one he is heavily invested in. To do so, he has blackmailed a councilman into approving the project with some compromising photos showing him cavorting with Lynn. White eventually begins a romantic relationship with Lynn and continues his work with Smith, beating mobsters at the Victory. The work soon begins to burn White out, and his affair with Lynn gradually softens his vicious demeanor. One day, during a campaign rally on the set of "Badge of Honor", Vincennes is approached by Sid Hudgens with another job: Hudgens is deliberately setting up LA District Attorney Loew in a blackmail scheme by arranging a sexual encounter with Matt Reynolds (the same young actor arrested by Jack himself at Christmas) both of whom will be busted by Vincennes. Vincennes tries to ask if Sid has any knowledge about Patchett's prostitution ring, but Sid is still not of help as Patchett isn't the sort of person he could ruin with a scandal. While knocking off drinks at a bar and looking at the $50 bill Sid gave him, Vincennes begins to develop uneasiness about setting up Reynolds and the D.A. He decides he'll let the young actor off the hook, and goes to the motel ahead of the scheduled photo shoot to talk to Reynolds. Instead, to his shock, someone has broken into Reynolds' room and cut his throat. However, White becomes suspicious of many of the details surrounding the Nite Owl murders and talks to the coroner. The files from the case are still in the doctor's lab. Studying a picture of the seating area, White notices a spot of blood on the wall next to one of the tables, as if one of the victims was knocked out before being dragged into the men's bathroom. The doctor notes that that blood stain was Stensland's blood. The food on the table, and a lipstick mark on the coffee cup opposite Stensland's place, indicate to Bud that Stensland had been there with a woman (White remembers Stensland said he was going on a date that night, and concludes that he may have had a girlfriend). He is led to believe that said girlfriend was Susan Lefferts as the only other female victim was the night shift waitress. White's suspicion is confirmed when he visits Lefferts' distraught mother and she identifies Stensland from a photograph, a man she disapproved of. She also tells White that Stensland had previously been seen with another man carrying a large bundle into her backyard. When White notices that Mrs. Lefferts has a towel placed at the bottom of a door leading to her back sun room to block a strong unpleasant stench, he checks out the crawlspace under the house and finds a badly rotted corpse. He finds a wallet in the dead man's coat. Much to his shock, the body is that of Buzz Meeks, Patchett's former chauffeur and the man Bud had first seen outside the liquor store at Christmas. Bud deliberately leaves the body behind for someone else to find and tells Lefferts' mother that the stench is a big rat, giving her the money in Meeks' wallet. Back at the station, Exley begins to have second thoughts about the Nite Owl case as well while wheeling Inez Soto, the suspects' rape victim out of the hospital to be paraded before the press, when Inez mentions being unsure as to what time the Nite Owl suspects left her. This leads him to go to down to the coroner that White had spoken to earlier. Exley follows White's lead to Mrs. Lefferts' home and finds Meeks' remains. He takes it to the morgue, demanding an identity on the body and that the coroner share it with no one else, then goes to Vincennes and asks for his help in investigating further details about the Nite Owl case. Exley convinces Vincennes by sharing the story of how his father was killed by a random mugger, whom was never identified, but whom Exley has named "Rollo Tomasi" to give him a personality. Vincennes agrees to help Exley if Exley will help him solve Reynold's murder. Vincennes tails White to the Formosa Bar where White catches up with Mickey Cohen's former enforcer Johnny Stompanato, and finds out (after roughly squeezing the man's crotch) that Meeks had come into a large supply of heroin. White concludes that Meeks was murdered for it. Vincennes and Exley next see White at Lynn Bracken's house. Vincennes remembers "Fleur de Lis" & realizes that Lynn is one of Patchett's prostitutes, and pay Patchett a visit to get some answers for Vincennes' case. As they're leaving, a call comes in telling them that Meeks' body has been ID'd. Exley sends Vincennes to get the news while Exley pays a call to Bracken. Refusing to answer the lieutenant's questions, she seduces him while Sid Hudgens photographs them both from behind a one-way mirror. Vincennes, going through old records, finds a connection between Dudley Smith, Meeks, and Stensland. He goes to Smith's house to inquire about the work that Meeks and Stensland did for Smith on some Vice cases they worked twelve years earlier. What Vincennes isn't aware of is that Smith is in fact that Nite Owl ringleader, something he only realizes when Smith suddenly produces a pistol and shoots him after he admits that he's not yet confided this lead to Exley. Remembering what Exley confided in him about his father's killer, he has one last thing to say to Smith before he expires: "Rollo Tomasi." Smith announces the next day that the department will suspend all other cases until Jack's killer is found. He talks directly to Exley about the only lead: Jack's last words, suspecting that Rollo Tomasi isn't a placeholder name but an actual person Vincennes is acquainted with. Exley manages to keep a straight face as he realizes that Dudley could only know that name if he was the one who shot Vincennes. He lies and says he knows nothing of the name. Dudley then meets with White and criticizes him for what he deems a lack of enthusiasm concerning his job. He also tells White that they'll be going to the Victory Motel to interrogate the man he believes last saw Vincennes alive. It turns out to be Sid Hudgens. Dudley asks him a few questions which don't provide much information. However, during the beating administered by White himself, Hudgens talks about how Pierce Patchett uses his women for blackmail. He mentions that he's photographed a cop having sex with Lynn. White becomes enraged, thinking that Hudgens spied on him. He turns Hudgens' chair over and rushes out to the reporter's car. In the trunk, he finds pictures, not of himself with Lynn, but of Lynn with Exley. White becomes further enraged and drives off. Meanwhile, Smith and Breuning suffocate Hudgens over his protests that he was part of a "team" with them. Exley checks with records keeping for arrest warrant books on Buzz Meeks and finds nothing. When he checks the daily log books he finds that Smith had signed off on nearly all of Meeks' and Stensland's work for many years and realizes the connection between them is prominent. White visits Lynn's house, furiously and jealously demanding to know about her tryst with Exley. When she tries to calm him down, he hits her, bruising her face. White leaves in a fury. White finds Exley in the records room at the station and attacks him after showing him the photo of he and Lynn together. Exley manages to fight White off and realizes that Dudley intended for White to find the pictures so he would be provoked into killing Exley, giving Dudley leverage over White. The two stop their battle and begin to review everything they've each uncovered about the conspiracy: Meeks, Stensland, Vincennes, Reynolds, the missing heroin are all linked. Exley now realizes that the black men that were charged with the Nite Owl attack were set up: when he and Vincennes showed up, Breuning and Carlisle were already there and had planted the shotguns, and were going to kill the three men so that no questions would be asked if they were caught resisting arrest. In order to piece it all together, the two agree to work as partners, even at the expense of Exley's reputation for solving the Nite Owl murder case, which built his career. They go to Loew's office and demand wiretaps for Smith. Loew refuses and further refuses to divulge any information about Reynolds' murder and dismisses them, stepping into his office bathroom. White shoves the DA's head into the toilet and dangles him out the window. Loew caves and tells him that Reynolds was killed because he was present when he and Smith argued over the assumption of the Cohen drug-dealing rackets. Loew was allowed to live because of his influence and because he promised not to prosecute them. Bud and Ed agree that their next stop is Patchett's house. When they arrive there, they find that they're too late, as Dudley or someone working for him has slit Patchett's wrists and made it look like a suicide. Believing that Lynn had some knowledge of Patchett's plan, they arrange to have her taken to a nearby police station for safety. Exley goes there and talks to her, saying Bud feels great remorse for beating her. White goes to Sid Hudgens' office and finds that Smith has dumped his body there, but the detectives note it'll be hard to pin it on anybody given the number of people Sid dug up trash on for Hush-Hush. While there, he receives a call telling him to meet Exley at the Victory Motel. At the Victory, the two find that the calls were planted to get them together in a vulnerable location. They hold up in the same cabin where Sid Hudgens was murdered. Smith's men approach the cabin and White and Exley open fire; a fierce gunfight ensues. They eventually kill all of Smith's men, however they are confronted by Smith himself, who shoots White, forcing him to fall. Smith turns his gun on a cornered Exley, who says "Rollo Tomasi". Smith asks who the man is, Exley tells him it's Smith himself, merely because he's a man who can evade the law. Smith hears approaching police cars and tells Exley to walk out with him, promising to further the younger man's career. He also tells Ed to show his badge. Exley shoots Smith in the back and walks out, holding his badge as Smith instructed. Sitting in one of the same interview rooms he used to interrogate the three black men, Exley explains the intricate connections in the case. The DA and LAPD Chief are incredulous but realize the department's reputation for upholding the law will be threatened. While floating the solution of glorifying Smith with Exley's help, they spot Exley beaming. When the Chief asks him why, he says they'll need more than one hero. In the final scene, Exley is once again presented with the LAPD Medal of Valor. He spots Lynn and walks out with her. In her car is Bud White, bandaged and recovering from his wounds. Lynn says they're going to her hometown of Bisbee, Arizona. Ed and Bud shakes hands and Lynn drives off, Bud waving slightly to Exley. 
 Tales from the Crypt: Demon Knight (1995)431) A man on the run is hunted by a demon known as the Collector. Brayker is a man who carries the last of seven keys, special containers which held the blood of Christ and were scattered across the universe to prevent the forces of evil from taking over. If The Collector gets the last key, the universe will fall into Chaos, and he has been tracking Brayker all the way to a small inn in a nowhere town. And now the final battle for the universe begins...... Michael Silva <silvamd@cleo.bc.edu> A man called Frank Brayker is driving a car through a desert road chased by another car. They crash and Brayker flees from the spot. He unsuccessfully tries to heist a car and stumbles upon the alcoholic Uncle Willy. Then he asks for a place to stay and Willy indicates a nearby bed and breakfast in an abandoned church. Brayker goes with Willy to the inn where he checks in with the owner Irene. He is introduced to the guests: the whore Cordelia; the postal clerk Wally Enfield and the maid Jeryline. Meanwhile, Sheriff Tupper and Deputy Bob Martel finds a man called The Collector near the accident that tells that Brayker is a thief that has stolen a key-like relic from him. When the crook Roach, he tells about the attempt of theft of a car, the suspicious Irene calls the Sheriff that comes with his Deputy and The Collector that tries to retrieve the relic. When the Sheriff decides to take Brayker and The Collector to the police station since both cars were stolen, The Collector kills him with a powerful punch. However Brayker uses the relic to expel The Collector to outside and he uses his blood on the soil to create demons. However Brayker uses blood from the relic to protect the inn. The Collector is unable to get in the place and uses his power to tempt each person inside the inn. Who will win the battle between good and evil? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Crypt keeper, while directing his new theatrical destruction, introduces this horror flick. It starts with Brayker (William Sadler), driving down a highway near a small town. He is being chased by a demon knight named The Collector, (Billy Zane) who is after an ancient relic that Brayker has. It contains the blood of Jesus, and deceased demon knights. That blood is the only thing that can stop a demon that powerful. Shortly after Brayker's car breakdown, Zane slams into it going over 100 m.p.h. Brayker escapes and makes it to a small hotel to hide out. The police show up and get a false story from The Collector who lies to them about Brayker and says that he stole the relic. Soon, the police bring The Collector to the motel to confront Brayker. After being arrested, Brayker gets free and the sheriff finds out that The Collector is no saint. Then, the fierce war begins. Brayker uses the relic to drive the collector from the motel, and The Collector summons an army of demons to help him kill Brayker and destroy the blood that can defeat him. Brayker has to get the 8 humans trapped inside through the night and orient his replacement. One by one the humans are possessed or conned and then killed by The Collector. The demons and the humans battle back and forth until The Collector's army is completely wiped out and Brayker and his new recruit, Jeryline (Jada Pinkett Smith) prepare for a final battle with the Collector for the survival of the human race. After the battle Brayker is dead and Jeryline kills The Collector. The movie ends when the new key guardian and a new Collector cross paths. 
 Under Siege 2: Dark Territory (1995)761) Casey Ryback hops on a Colorado to LA train to start a vacation with his niece. Early into the trip, terrorists board the train and use it as a mobile HQ to hijack a top secret destructive US satellite. Seal Team Commander Casey Ryback has retired from the Navy since the conclusion of the events in the first movie, and is now a chef at the Mile High Cafe in Denver, Colorado. Ryback is taking his niece Sarah Ryback on vacation, to reconnect and commiserate with her after the death of her parents. They board a train traveling westbound through the Rocky Mountains from Denver to LA. With the help of gun-for-hire Marcus Penn a couple dozen of his mercenaries, ex-CIA brain (and mentally unstable) Travis Dane commandeers the train, takes the passengers and crew hostage, and sets up a mobile control center. He hacks into the CIA database and gains control of a Top-Secret defence satellite he designed during his Agency days that has just been deployed. Funded by various foreign interests, he stands to make 1 billion dollars for using the space weapon to blow up the Eastern seaboard by targeting a nuclear reactor housed beneath the Pentagon. Dane taunts the Joint Chiefs in the Pentagon Situation Room by using it to blow up a Chinese chemical weapons plant and the two stealth planes sent to intercept him, secure in the knowledge that he cannot be stopped because his location can't be traced as long as the train keeps moving, his location can't be fixed. Ryback, aided by young porter Bobby Zachs, is the only ones who can take out the bad guys, rescue the hostages, and prevent the destruction of the eastern seaboard before Dane can realise his dastardly plans! Angus Brewer Casey Ryback has now retired from the Navy and is now a chef at the Mile High Cafe in Denver, Colorado. Ryback taking his niece Sarah Ryback on a vacation. They board a train traveling through the Rocky Mountains from Denver to Los Angeles. Travis Dane takes the train hostage and starts using the train as a control center in his effort to take control of a top-secret government outer space super-weapon. Dane built the weapon but was fired by the government before it was deployed. He has since hooked up with shadowy Middle Eastern terrorists who have offered him 1 billion dollars to use the satellite to blow up the Eastern seaboard by targeting a nuclear reactor that is located underneath the Pentagon. Dane lets the Pentagon know that he's got control of the weapon by using it to blow up a Chinese chemical plant. Officials can't stop him because they can't locate his headquarters. As long as the train keeps moving, his location can't be fixed. Ryback enlists a porter named Bobby Zachs to help him go after Dane. Todd Baldridge Casey Ryback is traveling with his niece on a train, which is hijacked by terrorists. The terrorists need a moving headquarters, so they can take over a satellite capable of vaporizing anything in its path. The government can't stop them from destroying Washington and also rupturing a nuclear reactor, killing millions. Casey Ryback uses his Navy-Seal training to take out all of the terrorists in an action-packed ride. <melt@m-net.arbornet.org> Grazer is a high tech satellite that's just been deployed and it's spying ability is working. Now the two military technicians who know the access code, are seeing each other on the side and are off for a week-end getaway. They board a train. Later the train is hijacked, and the two of them are brought to the leader, Travis Dane, the man who designed Grazer but was fired by the government before the project was completed. He is now working for some terrorists; he takes control of Grazer and uses it's weapon system to attack some installations over the world. He then reveals himself to the people who fired him and announces his plan to hit the pentagon, which will cause the nuclear reactor that's under it to crack thus destroying Washington. Dane has managed to keep his whereabouts a secret but unfortunately for him and his cohorts, Casey Ryback, the Navy Seal turned cook is on board with his niece and is causing all sorts of problems for them. rcs0411@yahoo.com Commandos take over a passenger train in a remote, mountainous region and install computer and radio equipment so that it becomes a moving command post for the control of a incredibly destructive military satellite. Their plan: have foreign governments give them one billion dollars in exchange for the destruction of targets like Washington. But Casey Ryback is on board, and attempts to communicate to the outide world where the bad guys are, and stop them before they can carry out their plan of destruction. Doug Shafer <dsshafer@uncc.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Casey Ryback (Seagal) has retired from the Navy and is a chef at the Mile High Cafe in Denver, Colorado. Ryback is taking his estranged niece Sarah Ryback (played by a then-unknown Heigl) to Los Angeles to visit the grave of Ryback's brother, who was Sarah's father. They board a train traveling through the Rocky Mountains from Denver to Los Angeles. As the train proceeds through the Rockies, two people wave it down. The driver and an engineer step out and are killed. A group of mercenaries led by computer genius Travis Dane (Eric Bogosian) and mercenary leader Penn (McGill) hijack the train. Dane is a satellite programming expert who worked on a top secret satellite laser weapon called "Grazer One". Dane was fired and faked his death. They herd the passengers and staff into the last two train cars and cut the train's phone lines. Two of Dane's former Department of Defense colleagues are on board the train, hiding their romantic relationship that goes against DoD regulations. Dane has them brought to him and threatens to have one of his mercenaries insert a burning needle into their eye, causing it to explode, unless they give him the codes needed to take over Grazer One. They give him the codes and Dane has them killed. Middle Eastern terrorists have offered Dane one billion dollars to destroy the Eastern seaboard by using Grazer One to target a nuclear reactor located under the Pentagon. Dane blows up a Chinese chemical plant in order to demonstrate Grazer One's capabilities to his investors and, after one investor offers an additional 100 million dollars, Dane destroys an airliner carrying the investor's ex-wife. The US government cannot locate Dane's headquarters and cannot target Grazer One because Dane creates fifty "ghost satellites" to hide the location of the real Grazer One. When officials destroy what they think is Grazer One, it turns out that they destroyed the NSA's best intelligence satellite. As long as the train keeps moving, his location cannot be fixed. Ryback, who has discovered the plot, takes matters into his own hands. Ryback enlists an eager porter named Bobby Zachs (Morris Chestnut) to help him. He also sends a message to the owner of the Mile High Cafe, with whom is is friendly. Ryback kills the mercenaries one by one, including one of his former men (Peter Greene). After Penn takes Sarah as bait for Ryback, Ryback confronts Penn, who is aware of Ryback's military past. Ryback ultimately disarms and kills Penn by breaking his neck. He then finds Dane who is about to depart in a chopper hovering over the train. When Dane informs Ryback that there is no way to stop the satellite from destroying Washington, Ryback shoots him, the bullet destroying his computer and injuring and knocking Dane out a window, causing him to fall out of the train and off of a bridge. Control of the satellite is restored at the Pentagon and it is destroyed by remote control one second before it would have fired on the Pentagon. The train collides with a freight train carrying several gasoline tank cars, resulting in a massive explosion. Ryback escapes from the train by grabbing a rope ladder hanging from the chopper above. The bloodied Dane, who is revealed to have survived, has also caught the ladder and attempts to climb onto the helicopter while screaming for his life. Ryback slides the door shut, severing Dane's fingers and causing him to fall to his death. Ryback informs the Pentagon that the passengers are safe, as he previously detached the passenger section from the rest of the train. Ryback and Sarah pay their final respects at her father's gravestone. 
 Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)431) "Rambo" parody in which Topper Harley leads a rescue team into Iraq to save Iraqi war prisoners and all of their previous rescue teams. Topper Harley is found working as an odd-job-man in a monastery. The CIA wants him to lead a rescue mission into Iraq, to rescue the last rescue team, who went in to rescue the last rescue team who... who went in to rescue hostages left behind after Desert Storm. The President is Tug Benson, who also likes to be in on the action. Basically, it's a send-up of all the big shoot-em-up Rambo/Robocop/T2/Commando-type movies. Rob Hartill Topper Harley has retired again, now living in a budhist monastery, and again he's asked to lead a special operation into Iraq, to rescue the guys who were sent to rescue the guys who were sent to rescue some prisoners left behind after the Persian Gulf War, where he will meet again with his beloved Ramada while he tries to uncover who the traitor is and kill as many Iraqis as he can. xeneize007 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a covert government mission to rescue hostages from Operation Desert Storm, a group of U.S. soldiers fail to assassinate Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein (Jerry Haleva) and are captured by Iraqi forces. Because the mission has failed twice before, the eccentric and absent-minded former U.S. Navy Admiral Thomas "Tug" Benson (Lloyd Bridges), now the President of the United States, suspects the team is being sabotaged and decides to send retired Navy war hero Lieutenant Sean "Topper" Harley (Charlie Sheen) to intervene. Presidential Military Advisor Colonel Denton Walters (Richard Crenna) and Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) official Michelle Rodham Huddleston (Brenda Bakke) locate Topper in Thailand, fighting as a boxer and practicing Buddhism. He refuses to help rescue the imprisoned soldiers, still troubled by the abandonment of his lover, Ramada Rodham Hayman (Valeria Golino). Two weeks later, Topper learns that Colonel Walters has been captured during yet another botched hostage rescue. He reconsiders the CIA's plea and arrives at the White House during a diplomatic dinner with the Japanese prime minister. After the event, Michelle Huddleston seduces Topper in the backseat of her car and they return to her house to make love (a spoof of 'No Way Out'). When Michelle and Topper arrive in Iraq, they assume control of the operation from Commander Arvid Harbinger (Miguel Ferrer), the sole escapee of the second failed raid. Harbinger informs them they only have eleven hours to free the prisoners. Michelle orders Topper and Harbinger to lead Officers Rabinowitz (Ryan Stiles) and Williams (Michael Colyar) through the jungle, promising to meet them later. In the forest, the men encounter an intelligence contact that turns out to be Topper's former lover, Ramada. She explains she was married to Dexter Hayman (Rowan Atkinson), a CIA training pilot who was long presumed dead, and left Topper when she learned he was still alive. Although Topper and his team survive an Iraqi attack on their river patrol boat, Michelle informs President Benson they have gone missing. As they move toward the prison camp, Topper suspects Harbinger of being the saboteur, and Ramada reveals her husband is among the hostages. Sneaking inside the grounds, they steal the guard's keys and release Colonel Walters. Tired of fighting, Harbinger begins to cry. Satisfied he is not the traitor, Topper briefly stops to console him before resuming fire on hundreds of Iraqi guards. Ramada is shot in the crossfire, but a locket around her neck stops the bullet. Topper realizes the locket contains his photograph, and Ramada admits she never stopped loving him. Topper continues to Saddam Hussein's palace, where the dictator challenges him to a sword fight. Topper's sword breaks, but he resumes the duel using a cordless telephone antenna. Meanwhile, President Benson devises a new rescue mission in which he will personally SCUBA dive through Iraqi waters to reach the palace. He appears just in time to save Topper from being sliced open, and continues fighting in the younger man's place with a new sword. While President Benson distracts Saddam Hussein, Topper frees Dexter Hawley from his cell. Colonel Walters and the remainder of the team prepare to leave in Michelle's rescue helicopter, but Ramada stops upon seeing the CIA agent, who once was her college roommate. Michelle reveals herself to be the mole, declaring that she remains bitter over a past misunderstanding with Michelle and acted out of jealousy over Topper's affections. Inside the palace, President Barton sprays Hussein and his pet Yorkshire terrier with a fire extinguisher, and the pressurized nitrogen freezes their bodies, which shatter into thousands of tiny splinters (spoof of 'Terminator 2'). The pieces liquefy from the warmth of the fireplace and reform into Hussein, who is now adorned with his dog's fur, ears, and nose. Colonel Walters handcuffs Michelle and puts her on the helicopter back to the U.S. Once Topper reunites Ramada with her husband, Dexter, he urges his former lover to escape while he goes back for the president. Before they leave, Dexter insists on taking a photograph of Topper and Ramada, but falls backward over a cliff while attempting to frame the shot. President Benson catches up to Topper and the team, with Hussein in close pursuit. While the helicopter struggles to lift off, Topper lightens their load by pushing a grand piano overboard. The fallen instrument crushes Hussein (spoof of the house dropping on the witch in 'The Wizard of Oz'), and Topper kisses Ramada as they fly away on the helicopter into the sunset. 