nm0000867:

 Zootopia (2016)761) In a city of anthropomorphic animals, a rookie bunny cop and a cynical con artist fox must work together to uncover a conspiracy. From the largest elephant to the smallest shrew, the city of Zootopia is a mammal metropolis where various animals live and thrive. When Judy Hopps becomes the first rabbit to join the police force, she quickly learns how tough it is to enforce the law. Determined to prove herself, Judy jumps at the opportunity to solve a mysterious case. Unfortunately, that means working with Nick Wilde, a wily fox who makes her job even harder. Jwelch5742 From the biggest elephant to the tiniest shrew, the city of Zootopia is a beautiful metropolis where all animals live peacefully with one another. Determined to prove her worth, Judy Hopps becomes the first official bunny cop on the police force. When 14 predator animals go missing, Judy immediately takes the case. Partnering with a smooth talking fox named Nick Wilde, Judy must piece together all the clues as to where the predators are and who is behind it all. Blazer346 Being the first one is never easy, especially for Judy Hopps, the first bunny cop. When strange things happen in the city, Judy decides that she will try to solve the case, but she only has 48 hours to do so. To help her, she partners with a con artist fox named Nick Wilde, even though he makes the job harder. Aken Purnomo In a world where animals have no intention of eating each other, a little bunny named Judy Hopps who grew up on a farm leaves her family to pursue her dreams of being the first bunny cop in Zootopia. While there, she runs into a con artist fox named Nick Wilde, and they have to work together after an incident threatens Zootopia. Judy Hopps has had the dream of being the first bunny police officer since she was a kid, and when she moved to Zooptopia- a city where animals live in harmony- that dream becomes a reality. But when she teams up with a mysterious, sly fox, a Zootopia wide scandal reveals that maybe not ALL animals live in harmony. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the town of Bunnyburrow, 9 year old bunny, Judy Hopps ( Della Saba ) is performing in a school play. Her theme explains that animals, once primitive and wild, have now evolved to where predators and prey can live side by side in harmony. The founding mammal city, Zootopia, is hailed as a place where anyone can be anything. Judy then announces that she wants to be a police officer. A kid fox in the audience, Gideon Grey ( Phil Johnston ), sneers at the idea and even Judy's parents, Bonnie and Stu ( Bonnie Hunt and Don Lake ) tell her that there's never been a bunny officer. However, Judy is willing to try against all odds. When Judy sees Gideon bullying some kids by taking their fair tickets she boldly confronts him, but Gideon responds by taunting Judy's dreams and slashing her in the face. He leaves and, though she's hurt, Judy shows her friends the tickets she got back and declares that she doesn't know when to quit. Years later Judy attends the Zootopia Police Academy. Judy is tiny compared to the other recruits and faces difficulties managing the obstacle courses run by the drill sergeant ( Fuschia! ). But through sheer determination, and by using her wits, Judy makes it to graduation as valedictorian. Zootopia Mayor Lionheart ( J.K. Simmons ) oversees the ceremony and Assistant Mayor Bellwether ( Jenny Slate ), a sheep, formally congratulates Judy as the first bunny police officer, saying it's a big day for all small animals. She is assigned to Precinct 1 in the heart of Zootopia, much to the apprehension of her parents. A few days after, Judy, her parents, and many siblings head to the train station. Stu convinces Judy to take a can of fox repellent with her before she gets on the train to Zootopia. Judy listens to a hit by pop singer, Gazelle ( Shakira ), as she zooms through the diverse districts of the city, from the frozen tundra to the sultry rainforest. She finds her apartment, a run-down single room with a rickety bed, paper-thin walls, and two noisy neighbors, Bucky and Pronk Oryx-Antlerson ( Byron Howard and Jared Bush ). Despite this, she's all to excited for her first day. She gets up bright and early and makes it to the police station where she is directed to role call by the pudgy desk sergeant, a cheetah named Benjamin Clawhauser ( Nate Torrence ). All the other officers (elephants, rhinos, hippos, and bears) tower over Judy. Police Chief Bogo ( Idris Elba ) calls them to order and explains their first priority is handling the case of fourteen missing animals; all predators. Bogo divides everyone into teams but assigns Judy to parking duty. Judy is disappointed but sets her standards high and uses her sharp ears to help her write 200 tickets before noon. Around then, she notices a fox who appears to be up to something enter a local ice cream shop run by Jerry Jumbeaux Jr. ( John DiMaggio ). Though suspicious at first, Judy then sees the fox, Nick Wilde ( Jason Bateman ), is just trying to purchase a jumbo-pop for his son who is wearing an elephant costume. Jerry refuses service to the fox with sneering bigotry and this angers Judy who steps in and proposes a compromise; she'll let the elephants off with a warning for the health code violation of serving ice cream without gloves on their trunks if Nick can have a jumbo-pop. When Nick confesses he doesn't have his wallet, and apologizes to his son for the worst birthday, Judy goes further and pays for the treat. She tells Nick she can't stand it when people are mistreated for being predators or prey and walks away with a spring in her step, happy to have helped someone in need. Later that day, Judy is writing more tickets when she notices the little fox in his elephant suit. She approaches to say hello but then notices that he and Nick are melting the jumbo-pop from the roof of a building and letting the drippings collect in large jars. They drive away together, with the little fox at the wheel. Judy follows them into Tundratown and sees them making mini pops with the melted juice. They take them into the Savannah District and sell them to hamsters coming out of work. The hamsters chomp on the pops and leave the sticks in a recycling bin. The little fox collects the sticks and he and Nick take them to a construction zone in Little Rodentia where they're sold as lumber. Later, Nick and his 'son', a full-grown fennec fox named Finnick ( Tom Lister Jr. ), part ways and Judy confronts Nick. Nick doesn't deny that he's a hustler but provides Judy with all the paperwork he needs to make his endeavors technically legal and humbles her by saying that the city is not a magical land where dreams come true and a meter maid can never be a real cop. Judy returns to her apartment, sullen, and bears through an inadvertently insulting call from her parents who are thoughtlessly relieved to see she is not a "real cop" in their eyes and has instead the safest job on the force. The next day, Judy is writing more tickets and enduring unending verbal abuse from the citizenry for her duty when she is approached by a frantic pig ( Josh Dallas ) who tells her he's just been robbed. Judy springs into action and chases the thieving weasel ( Alan Tudyk ) through the city square and into Little Rodentia. During the chase, in which Judy has to take considerable pains to avoid accidental harm to the tiny citizenry and their property, Duke kicks a plastic doughnut from a shop toward Judy and it nearly crushes a lady shrew, but Judy stops it in the nick of time and uses the doughnut to apprehend the weasel. Judy rolls him into the station but is called to Bogo's office. He reprimands her for leaving her post and endangering the public to retrieve a bag of moldy onions. Judy objects, saying that the 'onions' are actually flower bulbs called Midnicampum holicithias and that she only wanted to serve as a real cop. However, Chief Bogo responds that she had her orders as a parking attendant and disobeyed them, making a political appointee like her intolerable to him. Just then, an otter named Mrs. Otterton ( Octavia Spencer ) barges in, begging Chief Bogo to find her husband, Emmitt, who has been missing for ten days. Bogo offers empty assurances until Judy steps up and promises to find him. Bogo escorts Mrs. Otterton out of the office before firing Judy for insubordination. However, when he opens the door again, he finds Mrs. Otterton speaking with Assistant Mayor Bellwether who promptly sends a notice to the mayor about Judy's willingness to take the case and tells Judy to come to her for any assistance. Bogo reluctantly allows Judy to take the case but gives her a 48 hour ultimatum; she finds the otter or resigns. Judy agrees. At the front desk, Clawhauser gives Judy the case file but there are no leads or witnesses and, since she's new, she has no technological resources. However, Judy notices in the lone photograph they have that Emmitt is eating a familiar looking popsicle. She locates Nick on the streets and demands his help but he refuses. When she says his ten dollars' worth of mini pops can wait, he claims to have made two hundred a day since he was twelve. Judy records Nick on her carrot pen recorder and puts his own words against his tax files which show he's claimed zero income. Judy says she'll report him for tax evasion, a federal offense, unless he helps her. Finnick, who was asleep in the stroller Nick was pushing, laughs at the reverse hustle and wishes Nick good luck working with the fuzz before walking off. Nick takes Judy to Mystic Springs Oasis, the last place he saw Otterton going. They're met by a yak named Yax ( Tommy Chong ), doing yoga behind a desk. He recognizes Mr. Otterton but says he hasn't seen him in a couple of weeks. He then takes them into the oasis to find Emmitt's yoga instructor, an elephant named Nangi ( Gita Reddy ), and Judy is shocked to find the oasis is a haven for naturalists; nude animals. Nangi has no memory of Otterton, but Yax unwittingly gives Judy all the information she needs, including the plate number for the car Otterton was picked up in the last time he was there. Nick says he has a friend at the DMV who can help them run the plate number. There, Judy is disheartened to see that the DMV is run solely by sloths. Nick's friend, Flash ( Raymond S. Persi ) is able to run the plate number for them but, naturally, takes forever to do so. This isn't helped when Nick, in an attempt to push Judy's buttons, delays them with a joke. By the time they exit, it's nighttime. Judy finds out the car in question is a limo in Tundratown but, by the time she and Nick arrive, the lot's closed. Without a warrant, Judy cannot get in. Defeated, she holds out her recording pen to Nick but flings it over the fence. Nick goes to retrieve it and Judy meets him on the other side, slyly saying that she doesn't need a warrant if she has probable cause - and a shifty-looking fox climbing over the gate qualifies. They locate the limo and search it, finding polar bear fur, claw marks all over the back seat, and Otterton's wallet. Then, Nick recognizes an insignia on a drinking glass and panics; he knows who's car this is. When they open the car door to leave they're confronted by a couple of polar bears who shove them into a car. Squeezed in the back seat between two polar bears, Nick explains that the car belongs to a thug boss named Mr. Big with whom he's not on good terms because Nick sold him an expensive rug made from the fur of a skunk's butt. Nick and Judy are brought into a study where Mr. Big ( Maurice LaMarche ), a shrew, is carried in by his polar bear guards. He berates Nick for tarnishing his trust and the hospitality of his grandmother who he recently buried in the skunk rug, and scolds him for returning on the day of his daughter's wedding. Unafraid, Judy steps forward and tells Mr. Big that she knows Emmitt Otterton was with him last and will find out what happened to him if it's the last thing she does. Unfazed, Mr. Big orders his bears to 'ice' Nick and Judy and they're held over a trap door in the floor that reveals icy water. Mr. Big's daughter, Fru Fru ( Leah Latham ), then walks in wearing her wedding dress and recognizes Judy as the bunny that saved her the previous day from being crushed by the doughnut. In gratitude, Mr. Big releases Judy and Nick and invites them to Fru Fru's wedding reception where he explains that Otterton was his florist but, before meeting with him to discuss something important, went crazy in the limo he sent, attacked his driver, and disappeared. Mr. Big directs them to speak with the driver, Manchas ( Jesse Corti ), in the Rainforest District for more information. Manchas, a melanistic jaguar, cracks open the door when Nick and Judy arrive, showing scratches all over his face and acting fearful. He tells them that Otterton kept talking about the 'night howlers' before he went wild and savagely attacked him. Nick says they're there to talk about the night howlers too and Manchas agrees to let them in but, just after he unlocks the chain, Judy and Nick hear him groan followed by a thud. They push the door open to see Manchas on all fours, growling viciously at them. Nick and Judy run for their lives, pursued closely by Manchas. Judy manages to call for backup as she and Nick tumble and fall through the slick canopy. Finally, Judy is able to cuff Manchas to a light pole near a gondola station and throws herself and Nick off it into some vines away from the jaguar's claws. They meet up with the responding police units and Judy explains to Chief Bogo that she believes Manchas, like Otterton, went 'savage'. However, when she takes them back to the gondola station, Manchas is gone. Bogo, irritated and not believing Judy's story demands her to hand over her badge for failing to complete her assignment, but Nick stands up for Judy. He says that Bogo gave them 48 hours, which means they have ten left to find Otterton. He takes Judy onto a gondola and they leave. Over the rainforest, Nick explains that he was idealistic like Judy once. As a kid, he wanted nothing more than to join the Junior Ranger Scouts. His mother bought him a new uniform and he was excited to become part of the group, despite the fact that he was the only predator to join. Upon arriving, however, the other animals bullied and muzzled him, saying that he was stupid for thinking they'd trust a fox. After that day he decided he would never let anyone see that they had gotten to him and if people only thought of foxes as shifty and untrustworthy, then that's what he would be. Judy consoles him but Nick deflects from her affections by looking at traffic below. He then realizes that there are traffic cameras all over the canopy and they can use them to find out where Manchas was taken. Judy recalls that Assistant Mayor Bellwether offered to help them. They meet her at City Hall and she takes them to her office which is nothing more than a janitor's closet. Despite her upbeat personality, it's no secret that she's woefully mistreated by the Mayor. She opens the database for the Rainforest District traffic cameras before being called away by Lionheart. Judy and Nick find the footage of Manchas and see that he was netted and hauled away by timber wolves. Judy realizes that the wolves must be the Night Howlers. They watch as the wolves' van drives through a tunnel but fails to come out the other side. Nick says that there's a maintenance tunnel and, if he were to do anything illegal, that's the route he'd take to avoid observation. They relocate the van and go to where it was headed - an old building outside of town called Cliffside Asylum. Nick and Judy make it past the guards by inciting a group howl; something the wolves can't resist. Inside, they find new equipment in an old hospital ward. Following claw marks on the floor, they find fifteen cells inhabited by various predators, all feral and savage, including Manchas and Mr. Otterton. Judy realizes she's just found all of the missing mammals but, just then, Mayor Lionheart enters with a badger doctor ( Katie Lowes ). Judy and Nick hide in an empty cell and Judy records Lionheart as he demands to know why predators are going savage. The doctor has no answer and says that they must come forward to Chief Bogo but the Mayor refuses, saying his reputation as a predator official is at stake. At that moment, Judy's phone rings with a call from her parents. Lionheart is startled and the doctor orders security to investigate before locking off the wing. Nick and Judy escape by flushing themselves down a toilet just before the guards arrive and they manage to get the evidence Judy recorded back to Bogo. The ZPD arrive at the asylum and place everyone, including the Mayor, under arrest. Lionheart protests that they still don't know why predators are going savage and he was trying to protect the public. Later, Chief Bogo, deeply impressed at Hopp's achievement, holds a press conference where Judy gives Nick her pen recorder and offers him the chance to sign up as her partner. Nick is flattered and watches as Judy is called to the stand to answer some questions. Judy starts simple, mentioning that all the savage mammals are predators, but when pressed as to why, she speculates that it could be something to do with their DNA. As predators, the inflicted may have reverted back to their primal origins. The reporters go into a frenzy before Bellwether shuts down the conference. Judy is relieved to be off the podium but Nick is angered by what she said. Judy says she was just stating facts but Nick asks her if a fox such as himself should indeed be trusted. When he raises his arms, asking if Judy is afraid of him, she instinctively puts her hand on her fox repellent. He hands her back the application, telling her that it's best she doesn't have a predator for a partner, before leaving. A wedge is driven between the predator and prey populations, with prey acting fearful against all predators. Gazelle hosts a peaceful protest against discrimination, despite backlash, and savage attacks continue in the city as more predators go primal. Judy feels responsible for the ensuing tensions between the animals and goes to see Mrs. Otterton where she's watching Emmitt meander mindlessly in his hospital room. At the police station, Judy is summoned by Bogo to see the new mayor, Bellwether. Bellwether explains that with the population in Zootopia being 90% prey, she wants Judy as the face of the ZPD to inspire hope. But Judy claims that she's no hero and says she's done the opposite of what she wanted; to make the world a better place. She says a good cop should help the city, not tear it apart, and hands over her badge before leaving. Judy returns to Bunnyburrow where she manages her parent's vegetable stand. She wonders aloud to them how she ever thought she could make a difference but they console her as a pie truck pulls up. As the driver, a grown Gideon Grey, gets out, Judy's parents explain that they've partnered up with him and never would have done so had Judy not opened their eyes. Gideon apologizes to Judy for what he did when he was younger, stating that his own insecurities manifested into unchecked rage, but Judy forgives him and says she knows a thing or two about being a jerk. Just then, some bunny children run through the field behind them and Judy's father warns them to stay away from the growing Midnicampum holicithias near the edge. Gideon laughs and says his family just called them night howlers. Judy perks up at this and her father explains that the flowers keep away pests but are toxic. His brother Terry ate one and went into a rage, biting Judy's mother. Judy realizes that the night howlers weren't the wolves - they were flowers. Not only that, but they make animals go savage. She grabs the keys to the truck and races back to Zootopia. She finds Finnick and he points her to Nick, sitting in the sun beside a small bridge. Judy runs up to him and reveals the truth about the night howlers but he walks away. Desperate, Judy apologizes to him and says she needs his help. She begins to cry and admits that she was a jerk to him and really is a dumb bunny as he once said. Nick doesn't seem to react until he replays a recording of her repentance and holds up her pen recorder enabling that and smiles, saying he'll erase it after 48 hours, before embracing a profoundly relieved Judy. They climb into the truck and Nick helps himself to some of Judy's blueberries while she shows him a picture of the weasel thief she caught stealing the Midnicampum holicithias; Duke Weaselton. They find him on a street corner selling bootleg DVDs such as 'Wrangled', 'Pig Hero 6', and 'Meowana'. Judy confronts him and demands to know what he was doing with the night howler flower bulbs, but he says he won't talk. Judy and Nick smile slyly and take the weasel to Mr. Big. Duke is incredulous as to why Mr. Big would help a cop, but Mr. Big smiles and says Judy is the godmother of his future grandchild. A very pregnant Fru Fru says she's going to name her daughter after Judy. On threat of being iced, Duke relents and confesses he sold bulbs to a ram named Doug who works out of an abandoned rail station. Nick and Judy follow the directions to a rusty subway car underground. They sneak inside and find Doug ( Rich Moore ) in a yellow jumpsuit preparing the blue flowers and harvesting them chemically to produce a serum which he puts into fragile pellets. He loads a pellet into a gun as his phone rings, telling him his next mark is a cheetah in Sahara Square. He assures the caller he can make the hit since he was able to get an otter in a moving car. He places the gun in a briefcase and goes to answer a knock at the back of the car, saying that Woolter and Jesse have come back with coffee. Judy takes the opportunity to knock Doug out of the car and locks the door before ordering Nick to get the car moving. With some finagling, they're able to start it and the car moves down the track, slowly gaining speed. Judy is intent on bringing the evidence to police headquarters but two rams jump onto the moving car. They manage to knock Jesse off the car inside the tunnel, grazing him as he hugs the wall and shaving his belly pink. Woolter head-butts his way into the front of the car as they make their way outside but they soon face another oncoming train. Judy tells Nick to speed up and kicks Woolter into a switch lever just in time, but they are traveling too fast around the next curve and the car derails into the next empty station. Judy and Nick jump from the car as the friction causes it to go up in flames and watch from the platform as it explodes. Judy thinks all the evidence is destroyed but Nick holds up the briefcase with the gun inside. They run upstairs out of the station and into the Natural History Museum, empty due to renovations. As they near the exit toward the police station they are called from behind by Mayor Bellwether, accompanied by two rams in police uniform. Bellwether thanks Judy for discovering the perpetrators behind the predator conspiracy and reaches for the briefcase but Judy wonders aloud how she knew where to find them. They edge toward the exit but are blocked by a disheveled Woolter. Realizing Bellwether was behind the plot all along, Judy and Nick run and attempt to hide down a corridor. Along the way Judy runs into a protruding mammoth tusk and cuts her leg. Nick pulls a handkerchief out of his pocket, blueberries spilling everywhere, and bandages Judy's leg but she tells him to leave her since she can't walk. They try to think of something as they are surrounded by the sheep. Bellwether calls out to Judy, saying that in the city prey outnumber predators 10 to 1. They need to band together to end their mistreatment against the more powerful and loud predators and, once united, will be unstoppable. Judy and Nick run for it but are knocked into a sunken diorama and Nick drops the briefcase. Bellwether retrieves it and looks down on Nick and Judy before taking aim with the gun and shooting Nick. The blue solution covers his neck and he trembles while Bellwether calls the police and feigns alarm, saying Officer Judy is down and being attacked by a savage fox. Judy tells Bellwether her plan won't work as Nick advances on her, growling. Bellwether says that fear always works and, with a predisposition to savagery, predators will be forced out of Zootopia and she'll dart every one to keep it that way. Nick then lunges at Judy and puts his jaws around her neck, but just as quickly releases her as Judy puts on a dramatic performance. Nick and Judy then reveal they switched out the serum in the gun with blueberries and have recorded everything Bellwether said on Judy's pen recorder. Horrified, Bellwether backs up to flee only to be stopped and arrested by the responding ZPD. On the news, an anchor reads that Bellwether was charged for masterminding the savage predator conspiracy. Former Mayor Lionheart gives an interview where he says he didn't know about Bellwether's plot and only caged the savage predators to protect the city, citing he did a wrong thing for the right reasons. It is announced that an antidote has been created with positive effects. Judy goes to the hospital where she sees Emmitt Otterton recovering and embracing his concerned wife. Months later, Judy, a police officer again and much wizened by her experience, addresses the new police academy graduates, one of them being Nick Wilde. She says, "When I was a kid, I thought Zootopia was this perfect place where everyone got along and anyone could be anything. Turns out, real life's a little bit more complicated than a slogan on a bumper sticker. Real life is messy. We all have limitations. We all make mistakes, which means...hey, glass half full! We all have a lot in common. And the more we try to understand one another, the more exceptional each of us will be. But we have to try. No matter what type of animal you are, from the biggest elephant to our first fox, I implore you: Try. Try to make a difference. Try to make the world a better place. Try to look inside yourself and recognize that change starts with you. It starts with me. It starts with all of us." Nick approaches the stage and Judy pins on his cop badge. The next day, Chief Bogo hands out assignments, giving Nick and Judy the task of catching a hot-rodder tearing up the roads downtown. Judy and Nick come across the speeder in their patrol car and pull him over, surprised to see Flash the sloth behind the wheel. Flash smiles slyly at Nick and the credits roll as Gazelle (Shakira) performs 'Try Everything' at a concert in Zootopia with everyone in attendance save for Bellwether who watches the show on TV from prison. 
 Bad Words (2013)651) A spelling bee loser sets out to exact revenge by finding a loophole and attempting to win as an adult. An adult, who has been a school dropout, finds a loophole in the regulations and participates in the largest spelling bee in the USA, The Golden Quill. His aim is to take revenge for something done to him in the past. Sophia Canoni Thanks to finding several loopholes that he is able to exploit, 40 year old middle school dropout Guy Trilby is participating in the international Golden Quill spelling bee. For the first time ever, the Bee is being broadcast live on public broadcast TV. While the parents of the Bee are fuming at the management for allowing this to happen, Guy is committing mischief with lots of the contestants while befriending an Indian kid named Chaitanya who is also rising to the top of the Bee. With $50K at stake, and the Bee administration doing their best to shut down Guy, who will ultimately rise to the top and become King Bee? Also, why is Guy doing this? halo1k Forty year old Guy Trilby, an angry man, dropped out of school when he was in the eighth grade. It is largely because of this fact that he is able to find a loophole to compete in the Golden Quill Spelling Bee - open to anyone who has not yet completed the eighth grade by the time of the national finals - he winning his regional bee to be one of the fifty national finalists. He also meets one of the other regulations of being sponsored by a national media organization, his sponsor being the one woman online outlet The Click and Scroll, the woman being Jenny Widgeon. Jenny's purpose in sponsoring Guy is to get an exclusive to his story, namely why he feels so inclined to compete in a spelling bee populated primarily by people one-quarter his age, in the process he knowingly making a mockery of the event of which he is well aware. He, so far, has been relatively mum to her about that issue, he and Jenny connecting more on a purely animalistic sense. While the regional organizers tried to find any reason for Guy not to be eligible, those at the national level - bee organizer Dr. Bernice Deagan, and the company owner Dr. William Bowman - are a bit more cutthroat in their dealings with him. Deagan makes it clear to him that she plans on making his life a living hell as long as he proceeds, while Bowman is a little more private in his threats. Guy is also clear that he plans on winning - he having the spelling skills to make a more than credible run - but a little less open about some of the psychological means he will go to to outwit his competitors. He, however, does not count on the tenacity of ten year old competitor Chaitanya Chopra, a seemingly friendless boy who wants to be Guy's friend. Guy's relationship with Chaitanya may be the biggest factor in what Guy decides to do in his quest to the top of the podium. Huggo Forty-year-old Guy Trilby discovers a loophole in the Golden Quill Spelling Bee which stipulates that participants must have not graduated from the eighth grade, allowing him to enter since he dropped out of middle school. He attends and wins a regional spelling bee, and progresses to the national competition after confrontations with both the parents of children and the spelling bee hosts. He is accompanied by Jenny Widgeon, a relatively unknown journalist hoping to make a story out of his participation in the bee. On the flight to the national spelling bee, Guy meets Chaitanya Chopra, a 10-year-old entrant in the bee who persistently attempts to befriend Guy. Upon his arrival in Los Angeles, Guy meets the director of the spelling bee, Dr. Bernice Deagan, who expresses anger at his participation in the bee and places him and his reporter in a cheap hotel. Guy learns that Chaitanya is staying in the same hotel, and takes him out one night to expose Chaitanya to the wilder side of life: stealing food, drinking, and hiring a prostitute to briefly "flash" Chaitanya.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The top of a large trophy depicts a bumble bee triumphantly holding up a torch overlooks an auditorium alive with activity. Parents and their children undergoing last minute preparations for the Big Day: The 15h Annual Regional Spelling Bee in Columbus, Ohio. Students practicing words, parents fixing their childrens collars or giving last minute pep talks all being watched by Guy Trilby (Jason Bateman) as he stands by the complementary food table listening to classical music. A parent lumbers over and asks Guy which child hes there to support but Guy tells him that he's not here to support anyone. Confused, the parent asks Guy if hes the Host of the Spelling Bee. Guy claims he's the Winner and gets on stage with the children. A heavy set child asks Guy why hes on the stage and Guy callously replies its because the boys chair was screaming for help. Help. He's so heavy. Help. Before the competition can begin, the elderly host comments that the seats are only for competitors Outside the school, Guy is told his is ineligible to compete by the Principal but Guy fires back that the rules only state that the participates must not have graduated the 8th grade by the date of the Spelling Bee which he hasn't. The Principal points out that Guy also needs to be sponsored by a Nationally recognized media service enter Guys sponsor, Jenny Widgeon (Katheryn Hahn), a writer for the online paper The Click and Scroll. Jenny threatens to file a law suit to prevent the competition of continuing without Guys participation. The Principal expresses his disgust but allows Guy to participate. Guy 40, single and employed as a proof-reader of manufacturer warranties explains that a few weeks ago he stepped away from his routine in order to do this whole thing because his feelings were hurt. And maybe, as he bursts out of the school with the trophy in hand and a mob of parents in hot pursuit, he didn't think this through. He slides across the front of Jenny's car and the pair drive away as the parents assault the car. Jenny puts down the in-flight meal tray of Guy's seat and places a tape recorder. They're on route to the National Spelling Bee competition and Jenny reminds them of their arrangement: Guy has to answer one question for every round of the tournament he advances through in exchange for her sponsorship. Guy sarcastically rolls his eyes but Jenny, unhappy with the paltry answers shes been given thus far, wants to know: why is Guy so hell bent in pissing off parents and crushing the dreams of children by entering this competition? He doesn't answer and, frustrated, Jenny storms off to the bathroom. Jenny's barely gone when a small Indian boy in the seat in front turns around to stare at Guy. The little boy introduces himself as Chaitainya (Rohan Chand) and happily exclaims that he's also a participant in the National Spelling Bee. Guy disinterested tells "Chai" (his nickname) to point his little curry hole towards the front of plane or hell tell the stewardesses that he heard Chai's back ticking. Chai laughs before (unprompted) explaining that his parents are in first class but made him sit in economy because it builds character. Undeterred by Guys disinterest, Chai asks what Guys winning word was. Guy claims he cant remember before sarcastically confessing auto-fellatio. Chai is confused, unfamiliar with the word, and asks for the origin. Guy: Loneliness and the lady who just went to the bathroom can tell you all about that. Guy and Jenny arrive at the office of Bernice Deagan (Allison Janney), the Director of the National Spelling Bee. Deagan expresses her disgust at Guy's antics pointing out that his presence is a disgrace that she has not witnessed in the twenty years in which she has been in charge of the event. She claims that to get where she is, she worked hard and with integrity. Guy points out that she doesn't know him or why he's here but deflects when she demands an answer. She tells him he's in the wrong place to work out his childhood traumas but Guy simply replies that he'll be out of her hair in three days when he wins. She presents Guy with his accommodations and hands him his participation ID expressing the regret of Dr. Bowman for not being there to wrap the lanyard around Guy's throat. Guy asks if Dr. Bowman is too busy doing something more pleasurable to another man's throat but Deagan responds that Dr. Bowman is in the middle of a media training seminar because its the first year the National Spelling Bee will be televised nationally. Guy feigns shock and heads to his hotel. Guy reflects on the fact that he had every opportunity to stop what he was doing to quit and not turn this into a big deal but confesses that it would have taken the lessons that hed never been taught growing up. At the hotel, children walk around with their parents. Guy snags his room key and heads to the elevator. The doors start to close when Chai, luggage in hand, races through just making it in as the doors shut. He excitedly points out that they're both on floor too but Guy shrugs him off. No time for Shwarma. Chai continues to pester Guy asking for Guys favorite word until Guy is forced to say shut the fuck up and walks away, yelling at him all the way to his room the hotels storage closet. The receptionist tells Guy that his accommodations are special and that the hotel is completely booked out. I don't have a bathroom, Guy complains. Yea. His reputation precedes him it seems. Guy calmly asks where he should put his piss and shit but receives no response instead, he heads off to the bar. Jenny joins him and laughs that Deagan is sending him a message. Jenny asks about Guys parents but Guy tells her to screw off so he can drink in peace. Jenny takes his choice of words to mean that Guy would like to have sex with her. Again. Guy looks at her, amused, and says first of all, you're welcome. He asks if screwing off sounds good and tells her all she has to do is ask nicely. The two have sex in Guy's storage closet of a room. As he thrusts, Jenny keeps repeating "Don't Look At Me!" Guy tries to screw her without looking at her but accidentally makes eye contact illiciting another scream of "DON'T LOOK AT ME." They finish up and Jenny dresses in a hurry, clearly regretting the entire encounter. After she leaves, Guy notices her panties lie crumpled in a corner of the room. He picks them up and slips them in his pocket when there's a knock at the door. Guy comments that Jenny should take better care to grab her panties before she leaves when he looks down and realizes its Chai. Chai asks Guy if Guy can open a jar of minibar pretzels. Guy takes the jar and closes the door on Chai opening up a few minutes later with the open jar and asking about Chai's parents. Chai tells him that his parents are staying in another hotel and that he studied so hard he missed room service. Guy brushes past Chai and goes straight for the minibar. Chai introduces Guy to his friend Todd Chai's book of words and their origins that he studies from nightly. Guy thinks that makes sense, grabs some booze and starts drinking. Chai asks if Fuck is Guy's favorite word and Guy tells him that it's up there. Guy pushes Chai to swear and doesn't stop until Chai says motherfucker. Guy calls him a weirdo and continues drinking. Chai wakes up Guy who passed out Chai's chair. He leaves the room a minute before Chai's father leaves the elevator and meets up with Jenny. They walk and talk on their way to the competition and Guy is about to return her panties when she explains he's been placed next to an expert speller: the child of two previous winners. As they pass the receptionist's desk, Guy plops a plastic bag on the desk for the woman: a plastic bag full of his shit. Deagan hands the randomized list of words for the round to the MC and angrily tells him that this year he should properly enunciate the words. Guy finds his seat among the children as a reporter introduces Dr. Bill Bowman (Philip Baker Hall) the President of the Golden Quill National Spelling Bee. As the first competitor goes up, Guy introduces himself to the boy sitting next to him but the boy responds that his father told him not to talk to the unemployed bum trying to take the money I deserve. Guy processes this before saying that he understands why his father is angry and hands the boy Jenny's panties. "Can you do me a favor and return these to your mother? She left these in my room last night. I'd do it myself but your father's here and I don't want to tip the nest. Good luck with that divorce though, they can be quite messy." The host calls the boy up to the podium, still holding Jenny's panties and processing what Guy said about his mother. Glancing over at his parents, he struggles with his word and misspells it eliminating him from the competition. He storms off the stage and shoves the panties into his mothers handas Jenny watches, cringing at how her panties were used by Guy. Guy is called up for his word, which he spells correctly. As the reporter and Dr. Bowman discuss the situation, Dr. Bowman exclaims that they are currently going through the process of plugging up the loop holes so that no more stunts like this can ever occur. In Deagan's office, a host of angry parents ridicule her for allowing Guy to participate in the competition. She assures them that if Guy makes it to the finals she will step down as director immediately. Back at the hotel, Guy downs nips from the minibar. Jenny offhandedly asks Guy what the grammatical significance of Why run from fire ants? Guy thinks and points out that every vowel is there in order backwards. She asks if there are any words in the English language that have every vowel in order and Guy immediately responds with facetious. Jenny tells Guy that those questions were from a test that is given to children who could potentially be geniuses which his eighth grade assessments confirmed before he dropped out. Guy flips through the papers but tosses them aside; disinterested. He points out that his father was never around as a kid so he never had guidance or direction. Jenny asks who his father is since it could be a genetic gift and Guy confirms it didn't come from his mother a woman who hated education so much that when he entered, ironically enough, his first spelling bee she burned his favorite dictionary. Jenny asks if that is why Guy is here, to get back at his dead mother. He responds that she has bigger issues since she needs to be blindfolded to get off during sex. She swears she wont let him near her vagina even if she were offered a million dollars but a few moments later shes giving him a rim job in the shower. Guy laughs: "I get it now. Don't look at me." Guy leaves her room and sees Chai sitting on the floor outside his room. He asks the boy if he got locked out of his own room but Chai was just waiting to see if Guy would like to get dinner. Guy agrees and they go to the hotel restaurant. Chai happily exclaims that he enjoys the competition and doesn't care about winning; just having fun. Before Guy can respond one of the competitors mothers (Rachel Harris) comes up to them and tells Guy he is an insult to everyone who worked hard to get to the competition calling him nothing more than an asshole. Guy tells her that Chai is a child and that he doesn't speak like that in front of the boy but that she can take her potty mouth, locate her preteen cocksucker son, shove him up that old blown out sock of a vagina, and go back to whatever shit kicking town you came from. He continues to insult her vagina and then tells her Good night. He tells Chai they should go have some fun. The pair kick off the night by running into a supermarket and stealing a live lobster. They proceed to run around town, hitting up several bars and performing pranks on locals before doing donuts in a nearby parking lot with Jenny's rental car. After, they wash their hands in a nearby bathroom when a businessman enters, texting on his blackberry. Guy and Chai stifle giggles as the man goes into a stall. A few moments pass before the man stumbles out with his pants around his ankles and the lobsters claw around his junk. At a local dive bar, Jenny meets with a former boyfriend, a Bureau employee, and gets a background check on Guy Trilby. The ex-boyfriend makes awkward advances while she reads the papers realizing why Guy is in the National Spelling Bee in the first place. Guy takes Chai out to get chilidogs and milk shakes. Chai says that he's happy they are friends and Guy laughs. He tells Chai that he's always been a loner and when he was little his mother would always take him along, avoiding paying rent, so he never ended up with a lot of friends. He tells Chai that even if Chai never makes any more friends, he'll be fine just like Guy. Chai gives Guy a toy car he stole from the Super Market when they stole the lobster, pointing out that: "toys aren't fun to play with if you don't have friends to share them with." Guy repays Chai's kindness by hiring a hooker to show Chai her tits. They return to the hotel and when Chai enters his room, his father is waiting. On the bus to the competition the next morning, Jenny asks if they can make time after today's round to talk not mentioning the background check. In her office, Deagan alters the days list so that Guy is given an extraordinarily hard word, and once again insults the host by telling him that he should speak English when he reads the words. Guy tells the girl he is now sitting next to that she might have dropped a hair clip on the ground when she stands up to check, he rips open a ketchup packet and pours it out on the girls chair. She complains that she couldn't see it but Guy tells her not to mind its time to celebrate: shes now a woman. The girl doesn't understand what hes saying but Guy tells her that she had her period all over the back of her pants. She gets nervous about the situation and, as the host calls her name several times, she runs out of the auditorium in embarrassment. Guy is called up to the podium after and the host pauses, horrified at the word he must now read out loud: Floccinaucinihilipilification. Guy asks him to repeat it, processing the word before slowly spelling it correctly! He smiles at Deagan and returns to his seat. The number of competitors dwindles until Guy and Chai are among the finalists. The angry mob returns to Deagan's office demanding her head (or just her resignation). She refuses until the host arrives with the tampered USB flash drive and points out she unfairly manipulated the competition so that Guy would get the hardest words: a violation of the conditions of the National Spelling Bee. The parents are horrified that Guy is still in the competition despite these measures having been taken. The host smirks at Deagan and tells her that while Guy may be an unlikeable asshole, he still deserves a fair chance. "You're done", he says. "Did I enunciate that correctly?" Guy returns to the hotel and receives a message from the receptionist. He is surprised to see it is from Dr. Bowman. Meeting by a duck pond, Dr. Bowman confesses that, when he was younger, he had a wild time often coming to the precipice of making life altering mistakes. Each time, with no guidance of his own, he was able to turn around and walk away from those mistakes to make something of himself. He tells Guy that he's approaching an abyss of his own and assures him that if he continues further in the competition he will not be able to live with what he did to all those children. Guy retorts that it's a nice threat, but Dr. Bowman simply says Losers lose, Mr. Trilby. Dr. Bowman walks away after confirming that he thinks Guy is nothing more than a loser but Guy tells him that he's not going to lose. Swinging by a gas station to pick up a few Playboys for Chai, Guy walks up to his room when Jenny arrives eager to talk about her discovery. He brushes past her, all he wants to do is give the kid his porn and ice cream and then go to sleep. Jenny gets upset that Guy can't even fake interest in talking despite the way their relationship has been going. She calls him a prick and leaves him on his own. As he reaches Chai's room, he sees the door ajar and talking from within. Chai's father reminds Chai that while Chai must keep Guy close for the competitive advantage, he must not get too close as Guy is still the enemy and that he should keep Guy close so that Guy wont be able to bring himself to beat Chai when the time comes. Chai says he knows the plan when Guy bursts in, angry. Guy reveals he heard everything and tells Chai that he makes him sick. Chai insists that they're really friends but Guy calls him a liar. But Guy, we ARE friends you showed me my first boobs! Chai's father is instantly confused but Guy reiterates that Chai is a liar. Guy tosses the toy car onto the floor and stomps it before storming out. Later that evening, the receptionist calls Chai's room to tell him that his father will pick him up in the lobby to take him out for ice cream. Chair leaves the room and, as he does, Guy sneaks in. Chai arrives at the lobby and waits, confused, before returning to the room and finding Todd his spelling binder missing. Noticing a bright orange light in the window, Chai draws closer pulling apart the shades to reveal Guy in the courtyard: burning Todd and giving Chai the finger. Chai bursts into tears of anguish at the sight of his notebook on fire. A few hours later, when hes sure Guy is asleep, Chai calls the police to report that Guy has abducted and possibly raped a young woman. He watches as two police officers burst into Guys room and drag him out violently. Jenny gets Guy out of jail and insists that they talk about what shes found. She confesses that she knows his father is Dr. Bowman and Guy congratulates her she's a better reporter than he thought. Guy tells her that his mother told him on her deathbed who his father was and how to find him. Bowman had been a traveling encyclopedia salesman and his mother was a waitress; after a one night stand, she got pregnant, told Bowman and Bowman took off. Pissed at Bowman and angry at the loss of his mother, Guy decided to embarrass Bowman and his precious spelling competition. Jenny asks Guy if Bowman knows who Guy is. Not a clue. But he will once its over. The finals get underway speller after speller is eliminated. When Guy is called up his word is slubberdegullion. Before he can start spelling, the mother he insulted at the hotel restaurant calls out Perfect, I know what that means a dirty, wretched slob just like you. The host turns towards her and says that if she keeps talking, she will be asked to leave. Outraged, she screams that the host should ask Guy to leave security offers come and escort her from the room as her outburst escalates into profanities on national television. The entire crowd begins chanting Kick him out, kick him out over and over forcing Bowman to take the mic and tell them that they are on national television and should show the competition the respect it deserves that he deserves. He tosses the mic to the floor and Guy responds in kind by spelling the word correctly and taking his seat. The third to last speller is eliminated and now its just Guy and Chai. Guy is called up first and given his word: Parisology. Guy looks out at the crowd, taking them in. He spells slowly and deliberately looking right at Bowman as he purposely misspells the word. Everyone begins clapping in excitement but the Host interrupts to remind them: because its the final two, Guy will stay on stage until Chai spells his word correctly if Chai messes up his word, Guy will get another chance to win. Guy sits down and tells Chai hes done but Chai insists that they are still friends and misspells his word to prove it. Guy is dumbfounded and gets up to the mic, misspells his word again and tells Chai that its his game to win. Chai refuses telling Guy that if this is the only way to prove they are friends then its what hell do. Guy tells him to stop wasting his time turning to Chai's parents in the audience to complement them on what a lying piece of shit their son is. He goes up to take the mic and misspell his next word when Chai gets up and growls I did not lie! kicking Guy straight in the balls. The collective audience gasps in surprise. Guy breathes in you can add violent to the list. Gandhi would be proud. Dr. Bowman rushes to the stage as Chai picks up a chair and declares I was born in Cleveland, Ohio! swinging for Guy but knocking Dr. Bowman off the stage instead. A commercial interruption. Public access tv messages float by as the Host, officials and Dr. Bowman decide on how to proceed. Dr. Bowman addresses the audience because the contestants behavior was equally egregious, neither will be disqualified. They will each be given 1 more round of words and the winner will then be decided. Chai goes up first and his father stands up, begging the boy not to embarrass him or his mother any further. Guy realizes that if he doesn't think fast, this could drag on further. When the host reads out Chai's word, Guy immediately says Come on kid, easiest word in the world and misspells it. Chai retorts that Guy missed a letter, and spells it correctly. Dr. Bowman laughs triumphant BOTH contestants can now be disqualified on the grounds of cheating. But the host quickly points out that because Guy was purposefully misspelling the word and Chai corrected him, Chai wasn't receiving help and STILL spelled the word correctly. Bowman declares Chai the winner and Guy walks off the stage and towards the exit of the auditorium. As he leaves Chai insists that he wants to split the winnings with Guy because they're friends, but Guy smiles and gives the kid the finger and leaves. In his hotel room, Guy sees the supply list hanging on the wall and decides to write down his story in a letter for Bowman - explaining who he is, how he got there and why he did what he did (bookending the narration of the film). He and Jenny check out, smiling having patched up their differences. On the way out of the hotel, he passes Dr. Bowman and hands Bowman the letter but Bowman rips it in two. What could you have to write that I would be interested in reading? Guy frowns and responds: The bit about me being your son. He takes Jennys hand and walks away. As he leaves, Bowman stoops down to pick up the letter. On a plane home, Bowman has the taped letter in his hand and reads it over the last line explaining that the note wasn't about blame, it was just an explanation and a request for understanding. Guy signs off Yours, literally Guy Trilby. Sometime later, Chai leaves school and a pair of bullies knock his stuff to the floor. As they cycle away, an unmarked Crowne Victoria pulls up in front of the school with Guy in the drivers seat. Chai asks how Guy got the car and Guy tells him that he won it at a police auction with his half of the winnings. He offers the kid a ride and puts a siren on the roof. Together, they drive after the bullies on their bikes cheering as they do it. The End. 
 Juno (2007)651) Faced with an unplanned pregnancy, an offbeat young woman makes an unusual decision regarding the unborn child. A tale told over four seasons, starting in autumn when Juno, a 16-year-old high-school junior in Minnesota, discovers she's pregnant after one event in a chair with her best friend, Bleeker. In the waiting room of an abortion clinic, the quirky and whip-sharp Juno decides to give birth and to place the child with an adoptive couple. She finds one in the PennySaver personals, contacts them, tells her dad and step-mother, and carries on with school. The chosen parents, upscale yuppies (one of whom is cool and laid back, the other meticulous and uptight), meet Juno, sign papers, and the year unfolds. Will Juno's plan work, can she improvise, and what about Bleeker? <jhailey@hotmail.com> When precocious teen Juno MacGuff becomes pregnant, she chooses a failed rock star and his wife to adopt her unborn child. Complications occur when Mark, the prospective father, begins viewing Juno as more than just the mother of his future child, putting both his marriage and the adoption in jeopardy. Jwelch5742 It started with a chair and two teens. Juno, 16 years old is now pregnant. With the thought of an abortion she quickly changes her mind and decides to keep her baby and put the baby up for adoption. Juno found a lovely couple in the Penny Saver looking to be parents. She contacts the family and discusses the adoption. Throughout her 9 months of pregnancy Juno has some challenges standing in her way. Sixteen year-old Juno MacGuff is the type of girl that beats to her own drummer, and doesn't really care what others may think of her. She learns that she's pregnant from a one-time sexual encounter with her best friend, Paulie Bleeker. Juno and Paulie like each other, but don't consider themselves to be exclusive boyfriend/girlfriend let alone be ready to be a family complete with child. Although she would rather not be pregnant, Juno is fairly pragmatic about her situation. Although there, Paulie really leaves all the decisions about the baby to Juno. Initially she decides that she will have an abortion, but that's something that she ultimately cannot go through with. So she decides to have the baby and give it up for adoption. But first she has to tell her father, Mac, and stepmother, Bren, that she is pregnant. Although they would have preferred if Juno was on hard drugs or expelled from school, Mac and Bren too are pragmatic about Juno's situation. The next step is to find prospective parents for the yet unborn child. In the Pennysaver ad section, Juno finds Mark and Vanessa Loring, a yuppie couple living in the suburbs. Juno likes the Lorings, and in some respects has found who looks to be a kindred spirit in Mark, with whom she shares a love of grunge music and horror films. Vanessa is a little more uptight and is the one in the relationship seemingly most eager to have a baby. On her own choosing, Juno enters into a closed rather than open adoption contract with the Lorings - meaning she will have no contact with the baby after she gives it up. During the second and third trimesters of Juno's pregnancy which she treats with care but detachment, Juno's relationships with her family, with Paulie, and with the Lorings develop, the latter whose on the surface perfect life masks some hidden problems. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Juno (Ellen Page) staring at a recliner while drinking from a gallon container of Sunny-D bug juice telling us: "It all began with a chair." After which we see a flashback of Juno and her best friend, Paulie Bleeker (Michael Cera), who's sitting naked in a recliner. He's waiting for Juno to remove her underwear and sits down on him [the extent of the sex scene to keep it PG-13]. Smart, fast-mouthed Juno then goes into a convenience store to take a pregnancy test. Judging by her conversation with Rollo the clerk (Rainn Wilson), this is her third test today (hence her drinking all the Sunny-D to produce urine). The third test shows the same result as the previous two: positive. Juno calls (on her hamburger phone) her best friend, Leah, who takes a few minutes to fully comprehend Juno's situation. We see a funny clip of Paulie getting ready to train with the track team, wearing his trademark head and wrist bands. As he exits the house, he sees Juno who tells him the news. Paulie supports Juno's decision to abort the baby; Juno goes to a women's clinic for an abortion, where she bumps into classmate and lone anti-abortion protester Su-Chin who robotically tries to dissuade Juno from having an abortion. Out of all the arguments, the one that Juno finds remotely interesting is that her baby might have fingernails by now. She encounters a snarky receptionist (playing on a presumably DS) who tries to give her boysenberry-flavored condoms. Juno eventually decides against the abortion. She meets up with Leah and the two discuss adoption and how to break the news to Juno's dad and step-mom, Mac and Bren (J.K. Simmons and Allison Janney). Juno breaks the news to her folks who while disappointed are "supportive". Juno tells them she wants to give the baby to a couple she and Leah found in Penny-Saver. She also lets them know who the father is (Mac: "Next time I see the Bleeker kid, I'm going to punch him in the wiener"). Mac goes with Juno to visit the prospective parents: Vanessa and Mark Loring (Jennifer Garner and Jason Bateman). Vanessa can't have children and is very excited by Juno's offer. The couple's lawyer seems prepared to negotiate an open adoption wherein Juno is updated on the child's development after birth. However, Juno has no interest and would rather have a closed adoption. The couple seems taken aback by how nonchalant Juno comes off, despite her less-than-polite attitude. While using their upstairs bathroom, Juno bumps into Mark who is looking for something. Inspired by Mark's Les Paul guitar, the two discover compatible tastes in music and movies. Mark used to be in a rock band, though now he makes his living writing ad jingles. The two jam for a bit on the guitars before Vanessa frustratingly interrupts so they can get back to business. The meeting concludes with Mark and Vanessa agreeing to pay for Juno's medical expenses. Juno visits Paulie, and Paulie says that the two should get their band back together after Juno delivers. He also tries to suggest that the two should get back together as a couple which Juno tries to play off, to Paulie's disappointment. She suggests he try to get together with Katrina De Voort, but Paulie doesn't like the idea claiming Katrina and her house always smell like soup. Throughout, Paulie supports Juno's decisions and quietly tries to help her any way he can while Juno doesn't pay much attention to Paulie's support. Relying more on her parents as well as the Lorings. Juno goes with her mother and Leah for an ultrasound at which the technician makes judgmental, condescending remarks about Juno's situation, whereupon Bren tells her where to put her comments, to Juno and Leah's amusement. Juno makes a few visits to the Lorings, mostly unexpected, where Mark is usually the only one home. The two begin hanging out, watching bad horror flicks and listening to music. We can see a chemistry forming between them. Eventually Vanessa comes home and Juno shows them pictures from the ultrasound. In a later scene, we see the Lorings in the baby's future room: While Vanessa tries to figure out what to put on the wall, we sense that Mark isn't enthusiastic about being a father. When Juno comes home, Bren warns her about going to see the Lorings so much, especially while Vanessa isn't there, since it isn't appropriate. Juno shrugs off the advice. Juno later spies Vanessa at the mall, where she sees how great she is with her friends' children. The two notice each other and Juno lets Vanessa feel the fetus. At school, where she has to deal with being The Pregnant 16 YO, Juno is given nasty looks. She and Leah eat lunch by the school's trophy case while Leah goes on about a few topics: One is her crush on a teacher, an older-guy thing she has; the other is Paulie asking Katrina to prom. While Juno denies she has any feelings for Paulie, later that day she confronts him and they quarrel. Paulie holds most of the moral high ground, claiming that Juno is acting immature, and how heartbroken he was when Juno claimed they were never a couple to Juno's disbelief. Juno makes another visit to the Lorings, where she and Mark listen to "All The Young Dudes" which Mark says he danced to at his prom. The two slow dance to it in the basement where Mark tells Juno he's leaving Vanessa. Juno is shocked and tries to convince him not to. While Mark believed Juno would be happy about the news, he learns that above all, Juno wants the baby to be raised in a loving family. Juno is about to leave when Vanessa comes home, sees that Juno is crying, and stops her wanting to know what is going on. Mark admits that he isn't ready to be a father. Vanessa tells him that he needs to grow up and accept that he isn't going to be a rock star. The two quarrel as Juno sees herself out. She goes home and talks to her father about her need to know that people can be happy with each other. Mac tells her that she'll know she's in love when she finds the person that loves her for her, no matter what situation she's in; she arrives at the realization that that person is Paulie. As the Lorings discuss their pending divorce, Juno rings their doorbell and leaves them a note. She then buys a ton of orange tic-tacs (Paulie's vice) with Leah and leaves them in Paulie's mailbox, to his amusement. After school, Juno goes to Paulie's track practice and tells him she's in love with him. (He's the one that accepts her for her, always looking at her face -- not her belly -- when they talk). Juno calls him the coolest person she knows, and says that he doesn't even have to try (Paulie: "I try really hard, actually"). They kiss while Leah teases from afar that it might induce labor which she responds with "the finger". At home, Juno's water breaks and the family rushes to the hospital. Juno desperately wants a shot for the pain, referring to it as a Spinal Tap, after which she gives birth to a healthy baby. While she didn't want to disturb Paulie at his track meet, after winning his event and realizing Juno wasn't there Paulie figures it out and rushes to the hospital. Where they decide not to see the child after the birth. Paulie lies next to Juno and holds her while Vanessa goes to the nursery to hold her new baby. Vanessa asks Bren how she looks which Bren sweetly replies: "Like a new mom: scared shitless." Afterwards we see Juno's wrapup, in which she reiterates that it all began with a chair, and ended with a chair (Vanessa's rocking chair). We see the baby's room, where Vanessa has put Juno's note on the wall: "Yanessa: If you're still in I'm still in. -Juno". Bren finally adopts a puppy having refrained up to now, because while she loves dogs Juno is allergic. Juno rides her bike over to Paulie's, where she talks about falling in love, then having babies, and how it didn't end up in that order for her. The two play "Anyone Else But You" on the guitar after which they kiss. 
 Arrested Development (20032019)55) Level-headed son Michael Bluth takes over family affairs after his father is imprisoned. But the rest of his spoiled, dysfunctional family are making his job unbearable. Meet the wildly dysfunctional Bluth family. This family was once at the height of real estate development in Orange County, California. But when the family business - the Bluth Company - goes bust, they're suddenly found penniless with their assets frozen. They move into their last remaining asset - the model home left over from their latest housing tract. Their luxury vehicles are replaced with a reminder of the family's former wealth: 'the stair car that accompanied their private jet'. The patriarch of the family is George Bluth - he's now in prison, and loving every minute of it. His wife Lucille and daughter Lindsay are spoiled socialites who can't handle getting kicked out of family restaurants. His son Buster is in his mid 30's and lives at home. His son George Oscar Bluth is a magician who started a group to get magicians to be taken seriously, and gets kicked out when his own tricks are revealed. Lindsay is married to a man named Tobias Funke, once a psychiatrist, who decides to become an actor. The only sane member of the family: Michael Bluth, along with his son George Michael, want nothing to do with the family business. But one bizarre circumstance after another keeps Michael and George Michael from leaving their eccentric family. halo1k Michael Bluth finds himself forced to stay in Orange County and run the family real estate business after his father, George Bluth Sr., is sent to prison for committing white-collar crime. He tries to juggle the wants and needs of his spoiled and eccentric family while being a good role model for his teenage son, George Michael. Jwelch5742 The series follows family man Michael Bluth as he tries to keep his family and business from collapsing after his father George is sent to prison for embezzling money. As the family adjusts from riches to rags Michael helps his mother Lucille keep up appearances, sister Lindsay and brother-in-law Tobias with their failed marriage, son George Michael and niece Maeby through adolescence, and brothers Buster and Gob adjust to working life. Michael Bluth, a widower with a 13-year-old son, named George-Michael, is forced to keep his large and dysfunctional family together after his father is arrested for shifty accounting practices at the family-owned conglomerate and the Bluth family assets are frozen, making each member of the eccentric family panic. Michael's snobbish mother, Lucille, finds herself living alone in a penthouse without the financial means to maintain it, while Michael's two brothers, Gob and Buster, and his sister Lindsay with her husband Tobias and her daughter Maeby also find themselves having to recreate their lifestyles to fit their new financial status. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 