nm0005998:

 Chettaniki Kallu Levu (1981)Summaries As a young boy, Chiranjeevi sees the murder of his father and sister, but the killers are released because of lack of evidence. This enrages him and he is out to seek revenge in a way not to upset his sister (Lakshmi) who is a police officer out to indict those killers. In his attempt he gets help from some of the victims of the same killers who are well placed in the society. Chiranjeevi uses methods so as not to leave any evidence for the police to indict him in these killings. parthu3 23 years ago Gopinath was killed by three assailants, his daughter was sexually molested and also killed. The rest of his family, including his wife, daughter (Durga) and son (Vijay), watched helplessly. Now Durga is a police inspector and is determined to bring the killers to justice. However she finds her efforts and investigations hampered by her rowdy and trouble-maker brother, Vijay, who is also frequenting an alleged prostitute by the name of Rekha. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Adavi Ramudu (1977)Summaries A forest officer in an undercover operation, raises all the tribal people and the villagers against the smugglers to teach them a lesson and gets them arrested. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Veta (1986)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pasivadi Pranam (1987)Summaries Madhu (Chiranjeevi) is a painter who becomes a drunkard since his wife is killed immediately after their marriage in an accident. He leads a careless life until a kid (Baby Sujitha) who is deaf and vocally challenged (dumb), enters his life. He names him Raja and takes care of him however, he doesn't stop drinking. Raja's parents are murdered by Venu (Raghuvaran) and his assistant and Raja is the witness to murder who is tried to be getting rid of by them. Geeta (Vijayashanti) meets the kid in a shopping place and mistakes him to be Madhu's son and fights with them when the kid accidentally breaks her just bought gift and later realises her mistake and comes to apologise to Madhu's house. She befriends the kid and gradually falls for Madhu. Later she comes to know that the kid is none other than her sister's (Rajyalakshmi) son and she was murdered. Madhu is accused of murder and kidnap, and is arrested by Inspector (Prabhakar). But they realise that he is not the actual killer and is released. However Venu and his assistant keep trying to kill the kid and they are almost successful when Madhu is out drunk one night but saves him in the last minute. This changes him and he gives up drinking. The rest of the story is how the villains are slain and Madhu and Geetha marry and adopt the kid. Narsimha Raju It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 