nm0008465:

 Behind the Nudist Curtain (1964)Summaries Private eye Sam Dennison is relaxing at a nudist camp when he receives an assignment to find international spy Mr. X, who receives information from night club entertainers around the world. Sam travels to Vegas, Hong Kong, Thailand, Paris, Haiti, Mexico, Hawaii, Berlin and Tokyo, watching lovely women perform, and stopping back at the nudist camp (which he is attempting to buy from its beautiful owner, Martha). Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gentlemen Prefer Nature Girls (1963)Summaries Anne and Tom, a married nudist couple, work in a real estate office. When the agency's owner discovers that Tom is a nudist, he fires him. Unfortunately, Tom was just ready to close a big real-estate deal with Al Jenkins. Tom goes to his favorite nudist camp to take his mind off his problems and discovers that Al Jenkins is also a member of the nudist camp. Together they come up with a plan to get Tom's wife and their boss to get to the nudist camp so they can close the deal. frankfob2@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Prince and the Nature Girl (1965)Summaries The leader of a small kingdom falls in love with a beautiful American girl, only to be shocked when he finds out that she's a nudist. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blaze Starr Goes Nudist (1962)Summaries Stripper Blaze Starr, playing herself, drives her agent--who is also her fianc--to distraction by ignoring scheduled "press functions" and spending her weekends at a nudist camp. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 