nm0009024:

 The Six Wives of Henry VIII (2001 )Summaries A dramatic documentary narrated and presented by controversial historian David Starkey about the lives as wives and Queens of the six wives of Tudor king Henry VIII. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sex, Chips & Rock n' Roll (1999 )Summaries Ellie and Arden Brooks seem to be destined to play out their lives behind a Manchester chip shop counter. Mercilessly put down by their strict grandmother, the swinging sixties have yet to impact upon their fun-starved, sexually repressed lives. But it's 1965 and times are changing - fast! From the depths of the Excelsior Ballroom, Dallas McCabe and the Ice Cubes are about to release their own brand of rock n' roll on an unsuspecting world - and their fatal charms on the sisters fmtoorawa It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Strange (20022003)Summaries John Strange is an ex-priest who had dedicated his life to hunting down demons and the darker side of the church, a task which some of his former bosses stand in the way of. After an encounter with a demon, a sceptical nurse and ex-scientist named Jude meets the depressed and mysterious John Strange. Strange was once a priest, but now searches for demons hiding in the world. Standing in his way is Cannon Black, a shifty character with unknown motives. With Jude's knowledge and her newly found connections to this dark world, Strange may finally be able to accomplish some of the good he set out to do. Max Vaughn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Coronation Street (1960 )Summaries The world's longest-running television soap, Coronation Street focuses on the everyday lives of working-class people in Manchester, England. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 