nm0000708:

 Back to the Future Part II (1989)761) After visiting 2015, Marty McFly must repeat his visit to 1955 to prevent disastrous changes to 1985...without interfering with his first trip. Marty McFly has only just gotten back from the past, when he is once again picked up by Dr. Emmett Brown and sent through time to the future. Marty's job in the future is to pose as his own son to prevent him from being thrown in prison. Unfortunately, things get worse when the future changes the present. FilmFanUk This movie begins where Back to the Future ended; with Marty, Doc and Jennifer going into the future to help Marty and Jennifer's children. After doing that they return to 1985. But when they arrive they discover that things are not as they remember it. There's a casino which is owned by, of all people, Biff. Marty learns that his father was killed a few years ago and his mother is now married to Biff. Marty meets with Doc who thinks he knows what happened. Somehow Biff got his hands on a book from the future which has in it all sports results and he used it to bet on sports and amass his fortune. Marty said he considered doing that but Doc nixed it. Somehow the Biff from the future discovered about the time machine and Marty's plan and used the time machine to give his younger self the book. So they have to find out when Biff got the book so they can take it away from him. So Marty goes to see him and confronts him about it and Biff also tells him that he was the one who killed George. Marty and Doc then go back to, of all places, 1955 on the day of the school dance. So Marty tries to get the book while trying to avoid being seen by Doc's younger self and himself who's getting ready to go back to 1985. Marty at times gets the book but when Biff calls him a coward, Marty gets incensed which leads to him losing the book so he has to try and get it again. rcs0411@yahoo.com After a wacky trip to 1955, Marty McFly returns to his own time only to find himself going with his friend Doc Brown to the year 2015 to straighten out a family problem. When they return to 1985 however, they quickly discover that Biff Tannen has turned Hill Valley into a hell hole. Their only chance to restore their original time is to return to 1955 to set things right. Blazer346 The second part of the trilogy begins as Doc, Marty, and Jennifer take the time-traveling DeLorean into the year 2015 to straighten out the future of the McFly family. But Biff Tannen steals the time machine and gives his younger self a book containing 50 years of sports statistics, which the young Biff uses to amass an enormous gambling fortune and transform idyllic Hill Valley into a living hell. To restore the present, Doc and Marty must return to the events of their previous adventure in 1955 and retrieve the book. David Thiel <d-thiel@uiuc.edu> Marty McFly and Doc Brown make an exhilarating visit to the year 2015 seemingly to resolve a few problems with the future McFly family. But when the two return home, they soon discover someone has tampered with time to produce a nightmarish Hill Valley, 1985. Their only hope is to once again get back to 1955 and save the future. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After returning to his own time (albeit with his actions in 1955 having altered his family's fortunes for the better), Marty McFly (Michael J Fox) is ready to take his girlfriend Jennifer Parker (Elizabeth Shue) for a ride in his Toyota truck. Suddenly, with three sonic booms, the DeLorean Time Machine pulls into the house's driveway, and Doc Brown (Christopher Lloyd) emerges, demanding the two get in the time machine, and come with him back to the future! The two comply, but as the time machine's wheels fold down and it lifts off into the air, no one in the car sees Biff Tannen (Thomas F Wilson) witnessing them taking off. The time machine sends Doc, Marty and Jennifer, to October 26th, 2015. When Jennifer grows to eager to know what happened to her and Marty, Doc uses a sleep-inducing alpha rhythm generator to put her to sleep and keep her from asking questions. After landing the time machine in an alleyway near the Hill Valley courthouse, Doc and Marty deposit Jennifer on a nearby loading dock, before Marty changes into some clothing provided by Doc. It is then that Doc explains to Marty that on this day, Marty's son Marty McFly Jr (Michael J Fox) gets talked into doing something illegal by Griff Tannen (Thomas F Wilson) and his gang. Marty is supposed to take his son's place and refuse to go along with the scheme, while Doc uses the alpha rhythm generator to detain Marty Jr, until Marty completes his mission. Marty then strolls out onto the town square, enamored by all the changes that have taken place in the last 30 years. For a moment, he stops and looks in the window of an antique store called "Blast from the Past," which has a number of vintage items, including a sports almanac. Making his way to the "Cafe 80's," Marty is surprised to run into an older Biff Tannen (Thomas F Wilson), who berates Marty McFly Jr's "old man" to be a loser. Before Marty can find out more information, Griff shows up, and drags his grandfather outside to finish waxing his car. Things get tense for Marty when Marty Jr DOES show up, and he ducks out-of-sight. Marty is shocked to find out that his son is "a complete wimp," but when Marty Jr angers Griff, the manic Tannen throws Marty Jr over the nearby counter, knocking the kid out. Marty then takes his son's place and refuses to give into Griff's demands, but as he attempts to walk out the door, Griff calls Marty "a chicken." Marty is about to attack Griff, when Griff pulls out a hidden baseball bat, and almost takes his head off! Marty rushes outside, and takes a hoverboard from a little girl. Griff's gang gives chase, and Marty is able to get away, before the board coasts to a stop over the Courthouse Square's duck pond. Griff uses the opportunity to pull out his heavy-duty Pitbull hoverboard, and once his gang hooks on, they attempt to mow down Marty. At the last minute, Marty manages to duck, causes the bully and his gang to fly right into the Courthouse's windows, and crash on through! In the aftermath, Marty attempts to return the hoverboard, but the little girl lets him keep it, having absconded with Griff's Pitbull hoverboard. After this, Marty encounters an old man named Terry (Charles Fleischer) who asks Marty for funds to save the clock tower, when a news graphic pops up showing the Chicago Cubs have won the World Series, against the Miami Gators. When Terry comments how he wishes he could have put some money on the Cubs, Marty gets an idea. Returning to the "Blast from the Past" store, Marty purchases the "Grey's Sports Alamanac" he saw earlier. On his way out, he encounters Doc landing the DeLorean, before having to explain about the crowd gathered in front of the Courthouse. Doc is at first incensed that Marty Jr showed up (blaming the use of the sleep-inducer on Jennifer for not giving the proper knockout dosage), but the two soon realize that because of the hoverboarding incident, Griff will go to jail, and Marty's family is saved! As they prepare to retrieve Jennifer, Doc finds the sports almanac, and lectures Marty for attempting to use time-travel for financial gain. Throwing the almanac in a nearby trash can, Doc and Marty then find out some local police officers have found Jennifer. Overhearing that they're taking her back to her home in Hilldale, the two take off in pursuit...unaware that old Biff has heard what they said, and retrieves the thrown-away sports almanac. After she is returned to the McFly house, Jennifer hides in a closet, as she sees the family prepare for dinner. Their daughter Marlene (Michael J Fox) greets Grandma Lorraine (Lea Thompson) and Grandpa George (Jeffrey Weissman) as they arrive. When Lorraine mentions the broken scene-screen, Marlene mentions how Marty got upset with the repairman for calling him a chicken. Lorraine once again brings up an automobile accident Marty had with a Rolls-Royce 30 years ago, all because someone called him chicken. Meanwhile, Doc and Marty have landed nearby. Doc takes his dog Einstein with him to retrieve Jennifer, and leaves Marty with the DeLorean. However, Marty is soon distracted by an automatic dog-walker, and doesn't see old Biff get out of a cab, and steal the time machine! Back in the McFly house, Jennifer watches as Marty Sr takes a video call from a co-worker named Needles (Flea). Marty is unsure about being a part of Needles' illegal plan, but gives in when he's called a chicken. A few moments later, Marty is shocked when his boss Mr Fujitsu (Jim Ishida) contacts him, claiming he was monitoring the call, and has Marty fired, causing a "your're fired" message to be printed out on fax machines throughout the home (even one near Jennifer, who takes it). Doc manages to find where Jennifer is hiding, and tells her to head out through the front door. She manages to make her way there, only to encounter her older self! The shock of seeing herself older, causes her to pass out, and Doc catches her before she falls. After finding Marty nearby, Doc gets him to help carry Jennifer back to the DeLorean (which has just been returned by old Biff...who has painfully stumbled out of the vehicle, breaking the top of his cane off inside the car!). Doc the claims when they get back to 1985, he intends to destroy the time machine to prevent any further damage to the space-time continuum. Once everyone is in the car, Doc sets the time circuits for October 26th, 1985, and they land near Jennifer's home. Doc claims they'll leave her on her family's porch-swing, and Marty can come back later, to convince her that the 2015 adventure was just a dream. As they leave, Marty questions when Jennifer's parents put bars on the front windows. Doc then drives Marty back to the McFly's residence, before driving the DeLorean back to his lab. Marty then sneaks in through his house's rear window, but finds a girl (Nikki Birdsong) sleeping in his room. Her screams wake up her family, and Marty is chased out of the house by her father (Al White)! Marty runs down the street, seeing the once-gentrified street in a state of disarray. Coming upon one house, he grabs the newspaper on the front-step, and is shocked to see that it is dated October 26th, 1985! Suddenly, he hears the cocking of a gun, and turns to find Mr Strickland(James Tolkan), brandishing a shotgun. Marty attempts to reason with the armed man claiming Strickland gave him detention last week. Strickland claims the school burned down 6 years ago, but the moment is interrupted by a drive-by shooting, and Marty rushes off into the night! He eventually ends up at the Hill Valley Courthouse, which has been turned into Biff's Pleasure Paradise and Casino! Marty soon finds himself watching a video at the steps of the nearby Biff Tannen Museum, that explains how Biff's 'fabulous winning streak' at sports gambling, caused him to gain local power, and influence those in higher office. When Marty finds out that Biff married his mother Lorraine, he freaks out, but is then subdued by Biff's gang of Match (Billy Zane), 3D (Casey Siemaszko), and Skinhead (JJ Cohen). Marty then wakes up on the 27th floor of the Pleasure Paradise, where he finds his Mom! Biff arrives shortly afterwards, claiming Marty is supposed to be at a boarding school in Switzerland. Lorraine attempts to stand-up to Biff and claim she's leaving him, but when Biff threatens to financially cut off her kids and possibly jail them, she quiets down. Once Biff leaves, Marty pleads to know where his father George McFly is. When Lorraine mentions "Oak Park Cemetery," Marty rushes off into the night. In the darkness, he finds a tombstone, showing George's death having been on March 15th, 1973. Suddenly, a shadow falls over the tombstone, and Marty turns to find Doc and the DeLorean. They return to Doc's garage, where he explains he went to the public library to find out more information. Given it was shut down, Doc 'borrowed' some of the old newspaper records, and began piecing together what happened (as he mentions this, Marty finds the headline telling of his father's murder in 1973, and tears it out of the library binding). Doc surmises that prior to the current date, something in the past caused the timeline they were on, to skew into the "Alternate 1985" they are currently in (while Marty, Doc, and Einstein find this timeline incorrect, everyone else finds it totally normal). Doc also reveals that he found the receipt for the Sports Almanac in the DeLorean, along with the top of Old Biff's cane. Doc surmises that Old Biff is the cause of this, and in showing Marty a picture of young Biff winning a big horse race bet in 1958, they can see the top of the sports almanac sticking out of his pocket! Marty figures they need to back to the future to stop old Biff, but Doc claims that will do no good, since the current timeline, would lead them into a future of their current reality, one in which Doc has been committed by local authorities. To repair the damage, they have to go into the past, but not before finding out where, when, and how young Biff got the sports almanac. Marty then confronts Biff back at the casino. The fact that Marty knows about the almanac, leads Biff to tell Marty how on November 12th, 1955, he was picking up his car when an old man confronted him. It was then that Biff received the almanac, though he had no idea who the old man was, or believed his claim to be "a distant relative." Biff then shows Marty the almanac, before putting it back in his safe. While his back is turned, Marty purloins a casino matchbook from a nearby tray. As Biff turns back, he tells Marty that the old man claimed that "a crazy wild-eyed scientist or a kid may show up asking about that book," and then pulls out a small pistol! Marty manages to distract Biff, but barely escapes as the madman attempts to kill him! Marty rushes onto the hotel roof, where he is cornered. Marty claims that if Biff kills him, they can match the bullet to his gun, but Biff claims he owns the police...who couldn't match up the bullet that killed George McFly. Biff is surprised when Marty falls over the edge of the roof, but as he goes to examine the body, Biff finds Marty has landed on the hood of the DeLorean, before Doc knocks Biff out by opening the driver's side door! Marty and Biff then set the time circuits to November 12th, 1955, though there is a moment of worry when the time circuits begin flashing January 1st, 1885. Doc manages to fix this temporarily, but as they head back to 1955, Marty notes that they are leaving Jennifer and Einstein behind. However, Doc claims that "assuming" they succeed in their mission, the changes they make will affect the present timeline, and both Jennifer and Einstein will be fine. Once back in 1955, Doc hides the DeLorean behind the Lyon Estates advertisement outside the town. Giving Marty some binoculars, a walkie-talkie and some money, Doc tells Marty that he has to find young Biff and tail him, but not to interfere with old Biff giving his younger self the almanac (old Biff still needs to bring the DeLorean he's stolen back to the future). Doc also cautions Marty to be careful to not run into his 'other self,' since Marty's other self is going to be at the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance tonight, and the 1955 Doc will be prepping for the clocktower lightning strike. Marty manages to get some 50's clothing, and tails young Biff to the Western Auto store near the Courthouse. As young Biff haggles over the $300 price of cleaning his car, Marty hides in the backseat. From there he witnesses Biff harassing Lorraine, before she and her friend run off. It is then that young Biff finds an old man sitting in his car...and is even more surprised when the old man manages to get the car to start! Old Biff drives his younger self back to his Grandma's house, where he attempts to give himself the almanac, but young Biff just thinks the old man is playing a joke on him. Old Biff then turns on the radio, and his younger self is surprised when the almanac predicts the final score of the football game they're listening to! Young Biff then takes the almanac, and he and the old man leave the garage, locking the door and trapping Marty inside! Marty radios to Doc to get him out, but Doc claims he has to find another method to do so, since he can't take the time machine out in the daylight. Marty is stuck in the garage until nightfall, when young Biff opens the garage doors, and heads off to the dance. Just as Biff leaves, Doc peddles up on a bicycle into the Tannen's driveway, where he finds the garage empty. As Doc peddles through town, his walkie-talkie goes off, and Marty explains he's on his way to the dance. As Doc cautions him to watch out for his 'other-self,' Doc himself has to deal with the same when his 1955 counterpart asks for a wrench from a nearby toolbox. Doc hand off the wrench, while keeping his identity hidden from his past-self. Once Biff arrives at Hill Valley High School, he takes the almanac with him, and Marty trails him into the school auditorium. As he observes Biff and his gang spiking the punch and looking at a girly magazine called "Ooh-la-la," he watches as Mr Strickland notices the gang, who then beat a hasty retreat outside. While Biff sends his gang to find "Calvin Klein" (aka the 1955 Marty), Biff reads through the girly magazine, Marty attempts to get the almanac from his back pocket when Strickland shows up, and confiscates it! Marty trails Strickland to his office, and once the school administrator takes a drink of liquor, he tosses the magazine in the office trash can and leaves! Marty rushes for the book, but finds the girly magazine, with the almanac's cover on it! Panicking over what to do next, Marty notices out the window that his father is confronting Biff in the parking lot. Marty rushes out, and once his other-self, Lorraine, and George have left the scene, swoops in and recovers the almanac from Biff! Marty radios to Doc that he's got the book, but not before Biff's gang finds Marty, and give chase. Doc meanwhile, attempts to fly off to the school, but the DeLorean hits the billboard, causing the time circuits to malfunction temporarily, and trailing a length of advertising pennants from the sign. Back at the school, Marty has managed to evade Biff's gang, but as they come into the auditorium and see Marty's past-self onstage, they head to the side, attempting to take him out once he finishes playing the song "Johnny B Goode!" Marty hatches a plan that ends up knocking the thugs out, preventing a major paradox with his past self. Radioing to Doc that everything is fine, Doc tells Marty he'll be landing on the school roof soon. Rushing outside just as his past-self meets Lorraine and George, Marty then encounters Biff who wants to fight. Marty declines, but when Biff calls him a chicken, Marty is ready to go...until his past-self throws open the nearby door, running off as he knocks Marty to the ground! This causes the almanac to be revealed inside Marty's jacket, leading Biff to angrily kick Marty hard, before rushing to his car, and driving off! Marty rushes to the roof and tells Doc what happened. They then head towards the River Road Tunnel, trailing Biff. As Doc lowers the DeLorean, Marty uses the hoverboard from 2015, to get closer to Biff's car. Just as he's about to recover the book, Biff notices him! Biff attempts to make Marty let go, but the determined teenager hangs on. As they approach the River Road Tunnel, Biff attempts to crush Marty against the wall. Marty manages to avoid this, and makes another attempt for the book. Biff barely manages to avoid hitting a truck, before attempting to squash Marty against the tunnel's other wall, before Marty recovers the almanac! However, as Marty attempts to return back the way he came, Biff turns his vehicle around, and barrels on towards Marty, attempting to run him over. Marty just barely makes it to the tunnel entrance, when a string of pennants falls from the sky, and he grabs on...being hoisted aloft by Doc in the DeLorean! As Biff looks skyward, he is distracted and barrels into the back of the truck he almost hit in the tunnel: an A Jones manure truck, that once again ends up coating him and his car in the foul-smelling stuff! Doc flies Marty back to the Lyon Estates area. While Marty is able to settle down on the ground, Doc tries to maneuver around in the high winds and flashes of lighting as the thunderstorm begins to roll in. Doc tells Marty over the walkie-talkie to burn the almanac. Marty places the book in an old bucket, and using the book of matches from Biff's casino, sets it aflame. As he looks at the matchbook, Maraty notices the words "Pleasure Paradise," become the words "Auto Detailing!" Pulling out the newspaper that says "George McFly Murdered," Marty is ecstatic as the headline becomes, "George McFly Honored." Marty radios to Doc about the changes, and Doc looks at the newspaper headline he has, showing that instead of being "committed," he is being "commended!" With the future fixed, Doc prepares to retrieve Marty, when a bolt of lightning almost hits the DeLorean, but strikes a nearby tree! As Doc attempts to recover, a series of lightning bolts strike the DeLorean, that then disappears from the sky! As Marty attempts to radio Doc, the pennants he used fall to the ground, before the storm brings the rain. Suddenly, a car pulls up behind Marty, and a man gets out, asking if he is speaking to "Marty McFly." When Marty affirms, the man claims he's from Western Union, and presents Marty with a letter that was given to the local office, 70 years ago. Marty opens it up, and finds it is a letter from Doc Brown, dated September 1st, 1885! Knowing there's only one man who can help him, Marty rushes off towards the town square. Arriving minutes after his past-self went back to the future, Marty confronts 1955 Doc, who faints upon seeing another Marty in his presence! 
 Dead Calm (1989)541) After a tragedy, John Ingram and his wife Rae are spending some time isolated at sea, when they come across a stranger who has abandoned a sinking ship. An Australian couple take a sailing trip in the Pacific to forget about a terrible accident. While on the open sea, in dead calm, they come across a ship with one survivor who is not at all what he seems. Loring Holden <loring@healthchex.com> John Ingram and his wife Rae, who's recovering from an auto accident, are on their sailboat, becalmed somewhere in the Pacific Ocean. Their leisurely isolation is interrupted by Hughie, the lone survivor of a sinking black schooner they spot one morning. Hughie's story doesn't quite gibe, so John boards the schooner to investigate, where he discovers the real truth. When Hughie wakes and realizes where John is, he takes control of the Ingram yacht from Rae, and motors off towards the horizon. Can Rae regain control of the boat and find John before the schooner sinks? Jeff Hansen <jmh@umich.edu> A married couple sail the Pacific Ocean to forget a tragic accident. After a month at sea, they sight a mysterious yacht and are boarded by its lone surviving crew member. When the husband discovers the yacht's terrible secret, the crewman goes wild, kidnapping his wife and taking his ship. Terror on the high seas is center stage as the husband fights to keep the mystery yacht afloat and his wife battles the psychotic who's assumed control of their ship. Tim Kretschmann <Tim.K@VirComm.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A troubled couple, Australian naval officer John Ingram (Neill) and his wife Rae (Kidman) take a break on their yacht in the Pacific after a tragic automobile accident in which their small son was killed while Rae was driving. The couple hope that this trip will help Rae cope with the loss. However, their holiday turns into a nightmare after they rescue an even more troubled stranger, Hughie Warriner (Zane), a man who claims to have lost his companions on another, now-disabled boat due to food poisoning. Suspicious of Hughie's story, John tries to convince the panicked Hughie to return with him to his sinking ship, so they can confirm the deaths and salvage anything of use. Hughie, however, refuses to go back. In an attempt to find answers, John travels to the sinking ship while Hughie is resting. He tells his wife (who isn't convinced that Hughie is lying) to equip the shotgun and keep it with her. Instead of equipping the gun, Rae decides to let her husband go adventuring while she plays fetch with her dog. Upon his arrival on the ship, John discovers that Hughie's original story was untrue. He finds several bodies but realizes that the dead were murdered. A tape of a film reveals that Hughie was the cameraman for a low-budget production, during which he snapped and murdered the director and four women involved. Now knowing the truth, John tries to rush back to his yacht to warn Rae. Meanwhile on the Ingram yacht, Rae sees John across the water yelling for her to get off the boat. The sleeping Hughie awakens, breaks out of the room in which he was locked, struggles with Rae before knocking her out, and turns on the boat's motor, abandoning John and traveling away with Rae on board. John returns in his dinghy to the sinking ship to try to catch up and save Rae. After a slight delay spent emptying the ship of water, John is able to start the ship's motor and start his gradual chase. Rae awakens to find Hughie piloting the ship and playing with the dog. She attempts (unsuccessfully) to convince him to go back for John, but he refuses because he told John not to board the ship in the first place. She then goes down below, collapsing on her bed and weeping. Later, she heads for the radio and tries to determine the distance between their yacht and John's location. She receives Morse code contact from John using the damaged radio on the sinking ship. Rae tells John that she will find a way to return for him. They decide that Rae should stop the yacht in order to buy some time for John to catch up, and she removes the keys so that the yacht cannot travel further. Hughie soon realizes this and attempts to retrieve the keys, which she tosses into the water. Unfortunately, her dog dives into the ocean and recovers them (thinking she was playing fetch). Frightened, Rae runs into the bathroom with the angry Hughie banging the bathroom door as hard as he can. Once Hughie calms down, Rae opens the door and smiles, leading Hughie to believe that she likes him and was just playing around. Rae, made sullen by her failed attempts, contacts John to inform him that she has failed. John signals that the ship is going to sink within six hours, and Rae promises that she will get the yacht there by sunset. Before she can tell her husband that she loves him however, John's radio breaks down completely, and they are cut off. Rae begins to cry with helplessness. A lustful Hughie sees Rae teary eyed and frightened and begins to soothe her. While Hughie is kissing her hands and embracing her, Rae realizes that he is seducing her and wants to have sex. She acquiesces, while formulating a plan in her head about what she'll do. They stare at each other and Hughie moves in for a kiss. Rae resists slightly at first, then quickly gives in sharing what appears to be a long, passionate kiss. After they kiss, Rae feigns excitement and remains motionless as Hughie strokes her bottom lip and moves his hand down slowly to grope her right breast. Hughie then leads Rae on the floor and they quickly start to kiss and undress on the ground. Hughie lustfully caresses Rae's figure while ripping off her shorts and underwear, and Rae moans loudly, pretending to be aroused. With both completely nude, they begin foreplay with Hughie kneading her backside as Rae slowly kisses him. Rae then says that she needs to go to the bathroom. Hughie casually lets Rae go as she slides up off of him, while seductively kissing his chest, and slips on her short black robe. In actuality, she heads up on deck to put together the shotgun. The dog shows up and begins to bark for attention. Rae whispers for him to be quiet, but by then it's too late as Hughie had already heard the dog. Suspicious, Hughie gets up from the floor to look for Rae. Knowing that she doesn't have enough time to load the gun, she quickly sees cigarettes and grabs hold of them leaving the unloaded gun behind. Hughie is relieved when she brings out the cigarettes which she says are for after they have sex. Rae then goes to kiss Hughie some more. Hughie is flattered by this and believes that she wants to continue from where they left off. To distract Hughie away from the gun though, Rae seductively leads him to her bed. In the bedroom, Rae gets naked again and sits up on her bed while Hughie stands right in front of her caressing his hand all over her body. Rae begins to quiver and close her eyes, pretending to be pleased during this. Hughie leans down to kiss her neck causing Rae to quirk her eyes and jerk her head slightly. When she opens her eyes, she stares up at his face while Hughie strokes her lips yet again and moves in to mount her. As Hughie lays on top of Rae he starts kissing her breasts. The door opens causing Rae to jerk her head in shock. It was the family dog looking to to see what was going on. She cleverly tells Hughie that she wants to put the dog up onto the deck (in hopes that she can also finish loading the gun). However, Hughie is so sexually aroused at this point that he tries to ignore her request and finally takes the matter into his own hands by telling the dog to go away. The dog listens and heads out the door leaving Rae behind with Hughie passionately kissing all over her face. Feeling that there are no other options at this point, Rae firmly wraps her arms and legs around Hughie and readies herself for sex. Hughie firmly enters her which seems to cause Rae discomfort, and she fakes an orgasm as the dog reenters the room. Back on the sinking ship, the mast falls over, covering the exit hatch and trapping John. He continues driving the boat until it no longer works, and as the room floods completely, he grabs a small tube and sticks it out of the hatch, allowing him to breathe. Suddenly, he sees fish inside the ship and realizes that there must be a hole. He finds it and breaks out of the ship. He sets the sinking ship on fire to signal for help. Meanwhile Rae and Hughie are still in the bedroom. While Hughie is getting dressed in John's clothes, Rae (back in her robe) sits on her bed. With time running out, she focuses on rescuing John by continuing to play the part of "Hughie's lover." She gets up and allows Hughie to play some music while they kiss and hug each other. When Hughie leaves for the bathroom, Rae fixes a drink, slips in some of her sleeping medicine, and pretends to drink it as he returns. She then offers it to Hughie, telling him to fix her another one while she dresses. Back on deck, Rae finishes loading the gun and hides it when she hears Hughie coming. Hughie is suspicious again until Rae buys time by saying that he should ready the yacht for a coming storm. When Hughie returns, he finds her with the gun and fights to get it away from her. The fight wears down Rae, who drops the gun and hides. Hughie then feels the effects of the sedative and recklessly uses up the ammunition, which allows Rae to locate John's spear gun and lock herself in the bedroom. Once Rae locks herself in her bedroom she continues to shoot the spear gun at the pounding door. When she sees blood running from the open end of a spear in the door, she assumes that Hughie got hit. However to her surprise he comes out from behind the door to strangle her. He almost succeeds were it not from the drugged drink which causes him to finally pass out. Rae discovers that the blood was actually that of her dog whom she accidentally killed with the harpoon sticking out of his neck. After tying up Hughie, Rae gets dressed in warmer clothes and steers the boat towards John. Later one, Hughie wakes up and cuts himself loose with a broken mirror piece that he shattered, but Rae knocks him out with the spear gun before he could do anything. She later releases a rescue raft from the yacht, pushes Hughie's body into it, and watches him float away. Rae later sights the now-blazing shipwreck in the distance and eventually finds John in a raft next to the signal fire he has set. Holding out her hand, she pulls him from the raft as the yacht speeds by. Soon after, the couple are once again happy. They discover the floating raft with Hughie's body missing. Trying to forget and put aside what she went through with Hughie, Rae grabs a flare gun and blows out a flare to sink the floating raft leaving John to wonder what had happened when he was stranded. Later on the next day Rae is swimming in the ocean to cleanse herself as John looks down on her. Rae climbs back on the boat and sits as John soothingly washes her hair with his hands. She closes her eyes in pleasure feeling happy to be back with John. John leaves for a moment to prepare their meal. Suddenly a pair of bloody hands (obviously Hughie's) begin washing Rae's hair, she soon discovers it is not John washing her. She begins to scream for help until Hughie strangles her. John comes back looking at the struggle and quickly grabs a flare gun. With the flare gun, he fires it into Hughie's mouth and Hughie's head flares up as he falls off of the ship. Rae and John run back to each other and stare at Hughie's body float away into the ocean. 
 The Phantom (1996)431) The Phantom, descendent of a line of African superheroes, travels to New York City to thwart a wealthy criminal genius from obtaining three magic skulls which would give him the secret to ultimate power. Four hundred years ago, a young boy witnessed his father's death during an attack on their ship by the bloodthirsty Sengh Brotherhood. He was washed ashore on Bengalla Island where he swore to devote his life to bring down piracy, greed, cruelty and injustice. He became The Phantom, a masked avenger whose role was passed down from father to son, leading people to believe in an immortal figure called "The Ghost Who Walks". The 21st successor to the role of Bengalla's resident superhero must travel to New York City to prevent a power-hungry businessman from obtaining three magic skulls that would give him the secret to ultimate power. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> The Phantom, the legendary Ghost-Who-Walks, descendant of a 400 years line fighting against pirates and criminals, travels to New York City to thwart a wealthy criminal genius from obtaining three magic skulls which would give him the secret to ultimate power. However, the Phantom knows about the Fourth Skull which controls the other three, and must stop him and the ruthless pirate Kabai Sengh, the original leader of the Sengh Brotherhood. Meanwhile, he rescues his former girlfriend from college, Diana Palmer, who has mixed feelings about him since his sudden disappearance several years before, and figures out his secret and his double identity. Carlos Mills Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the early 16th century, a young boy helplessly watches his father's death at the hands of Kabai Sengh, the ruthless leader of the Sengh Brotherhood who attacked their ship. The boy jumps overboard and is washed ashore on an island called Bengalla, where he is found by local tribesmen, who take him to their village. There he is given the Skull Ring, swears to devote his life to the destruction of piracy, greed, cruelty and injustice, and as an adult adopts the identity of "The Phantom", a masked avenger. The mantle of the Phantom was passed down from father to son through four hundred years, leading people to believe in a single, immortal figure. In 1938, Kit Walker (Billy Zane), the Phantom's descendant, finds a man named Quill (James Remar) leading a mercenary group in the jungle. The group is searching for one of the Skulls of Touganda, which grants its owner a tremendously destructive power. The Phantom saves the native boy they have kidnapped to be their guide and captures Quill's men, leading them to be picked by the Jungle Patrol. Revealed as a member of the Sengh Brotherhood and the man who killed Kit's father (Patrick McGoohan), whose ghost frequently appears to Kit to give him advice, Quill escapes with the Skull and returns to the United States. In New York City, Kit's former girlfriend from college, Diana Palmer (Kristy Swanson), is a frequent traveler whose uncle, Dave Palmer (Bill Smitrovich), is the famous owner of the World Tribune newspaper. The newspaper has been investigating power-hungry business magnate Xander Drax (Treat Williams), a shady character with a reputation for dealings with criminals. Palmer has managed to uncover that Drax is connected to a mysterious spider web symbol, which he traces back to the Bengalla Jungle. He sends Diana to investigate, but makes the mistake of informing New York's corrupt police commissioner, who is allied with Drax, of Diana's trip. The airplane is hijacked by Drax's female air pirates led by Sala (Catherine Zeta-Jones); Diana is abducted and taken to their base on the waterfront in Bengalla. Having been informed of Diana's abduction by the Jungle Patrol's captain Phillip Horton (Robert Coleby), the Phantom rescues Diana and escapes from Quill and his men to his secret base, the Skull Cave. Back in New York, now dressed as his civilian self, Kit meets with Dave Palmer at the World Tribune and once again meets with Diana, who has mixed feelings about him since his sudden disappearance several years before. Diana's would-be suitor Jimmy Wells (Jon Tenney) mentions he has seen one of the skulls in the Museum of World History. Kit and Diana hurry there and are captured by Drax and his men, who steal the second Skull and unite it with the first, revealing the location of the third Skull on an uncharted island in the Andaman Sea known as the Devil's Vortex. Kit manages to escape from Drax and his henchmen and, as the Phantom, evades the police outside the museum. Meanwhile, after Sala reveals that Diana is his girlfriend, she flies Drax, Quill and Diana to the Devil's Vortex, unaware that the Phantom has managed to hitch a ride on one of the plane's landing pontoons. On the island, Drax meets with the pirate Kabai Sengh (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa), direct descendant of the Sengh Brotherhood's original leader, who possesses the third Skull. Sengh warns Drax of the existence of the Fourth Skull, which controls the power of the three. The Phantom appears and battles both men, with Kabai Sengh killed by his own pool of sharks, and Diana and Sala cooperate to defeat the other villains. Drax unites the three Skulls and turns their power against the Phantom; in the process, Quill is accidentally disintegrated after the Phantom recovers his father's gunbelt. The Phantom uses the Fourth Skull - his own ring - to turn the Skulls' power back against them, destroying them and Drax in a powerful explosion. As the island is destroyed, the Phantom narrowly escapes with Diana and Sala. In Bengala once again, Diana reveals to the Phantom she has figured out his secret and his double identity. Kit removes his mask, informing her that he is allowed all of his secrets to only one person, the woman he intends to marry, but she leaves again for New York. Kit's father laments his son's failure to pursue Diana, but states that she will return to the Phantom's jungle, and to Kit, one day. 
 Titanic (1997)651) A seventeen-year-old aristocrat falls in love with a kind but poor artist aboard the luxurious, ill-fated R.M.S. Titanic. 84 years later, a 100 year-old woman named Rose DeWitt Bukater tells the story to her granddaughter Lizzy Calvert, Brock Lovett, Lewis Bodine, Bobby Buell and Anatoly Mikailavich on the Keldysh about her life set in April 10th 1912, on a ship called Titanic when young Rose boards the departing ship with the upper-class passengers and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, and her fianc, Caledon Hockley. Meanwhile, a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi win third-class tickets to the ship in a game. And she explains the whole story from departure until the death of Titanic on its first and last voyage April 15th, 1912 at 2:20 in the morning. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> After winning a trip on the RMS Titanic during a dockside card game, American Jack Dawson spots the society girl Rose DeWitt Bukater who is on her way to Philadelphia to marry her rich snob fianc Caledon Hockley. Rose feels helplessly trapped by her situation and makes her way to the aft deck and thinks of suicide until she is rescued by Jack. Cal is therefore obliged to invite Jack to dine at their first-class table where he suffers through the slights of his snobbish hosts. In return, he spirits Rose off to third-class for an evening of dancing, giving her the time of her life. Deciding to forsake her intended future all together, Rose asks Jack, who has made his living making sketches on the streets of Paris, to draw her in the nude wearing the invaluable blue diamond Cal has given her. Cal finds out and has Jack locked away. Soon afterwards, the ship hits an iceberg and Rose must find Jack while both must run from Cal even as the ship sinks deeper into the freezing water. hEmRaJ (gavin_coolhgr@hotmail.com) Deep on the bottom of the sea, some 3,800 metres below the surface of the freezing Atlantic Ocean, lies the wreckage of a ship: the unmistakable carcass of the Titanic, once man's grandest mechanical achievement, now stripped of its former glory. Almost one long century later, intrigued by Titanic's hidden riches, the modern treasure hunter, Brock Lovett, and his well-equipped technical crew, find themselves in the middle of the ocean, digging for answers for the past three years; nevertheless, without any success. But, when centenarian Rose Calvert, one of the few survivors of the Titanic, learns about this ambitious crusade, she decides to unfold her incredible and utterly tragic story; one that intertwines the extraordinary journey of the exquisite, deep-blue Heart-of-the-Ocean diamond of King Louis XVI, with the unlikely romance of Rose and the young bohemian vagabond, Jack Dawson. Now, an emotional trip down memory lane awaits. Can the mistakes of the past teach a lesson in humility to paupers and royalty alike? Nick Riganas Deep-sea explorer Brock Lovett has reached the most famous shipwreck of all - the Titanic. Emerging with a safe believed to contain a diamond called 'The Heart of the Ocean', he discovers the safe does not hold the diamond but a drawing of a beautiful woman wearing it. When Brock is later interviewed on TV, he shows the drawing to the cameras, and a 100-year-old woman named Rose Calvert living in Michigan recognizes the woman in the drawing - herself! On a visit to Brock's explorer ship over the wreck, Rose tells her story of the Titanic and its ill-fated voyage. Engaged to a would-be steel magnate, Caledon Hockley, she boards the Titanic's first-class suites with him and her mother in Southampton. Also boarding are Jack Dawson and his best friend Fabrizio De Rossi, after a lucky poker game wins them tickets in steerage. When Rose attempts suicide by jumping off the stern in third-class, Jack pulls her back onto the ship... and a bond is forged between them as Jack is invited by her into first-class the following day. Rose's mother and Caledon Hockley try desperate measures to keep them apart. But that strategy goes out the window when the Titanic collides with an iceberg, and due to a design flaw begins to sink - despite being proclaimed 'unsinkable'. Now Rose and Jack must fight to stay alive, but is young Jack already doomed because of his lower status as a steerage passenger? Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett (Bill Paxton) and his team aboard the research vessel Keldysh search the wreck of RMS Titanic for a necklace with a rare diamond, the Heart of the Ocean. They recover a safe containing a drawing of a young woman wearing only the necklace. It is dated April 14, 1912, the day the ship struck the iceberg. Rose Dawson Calvert (Gloria Stuart), claiming to be the person in the drawing, visits Lovett and tells of her experiences aboard the ship. In 1912 Southampton, 17-year-old first-class passenger Rose DeWitt Bukater (Kate Winslet), her fianc Cal Hockley (Billy Zane), and her mother Ruth (Frances Fisher) board the Titanic. Also boarding the ship at Southampton are Jack Dawson (Leonardo DiCaprio), a down-on-his-luck sketch artist, and his Italian friend Fabrizio (Danny Nucci). Young Rose, angry and distraught that her mother has apparently arranged the marriage, considers committing suicide by jumping from the stern; Jack manages to pull her back over the rail after she loses her footing & nearly falls into the propellers. Discovered with Jack, Rose tells Cal that she was peering over the edge and Jack saved her from falling. Cal is indifferent, but when Rose indicates some recognition is due, he offers Jack a small amount of money. After Rose asks whether saving her life meant so little, he invites Jack to dine with them in first class the following night, along with several prominent first-class passengers - including the Countess of Rothes, Archibald Gracie (Bernard Fox), Thomas Andrews (Victor Garber), Molly Brown (Kathy Bates), and John Jacob Astor (Eric Braeden) & his wife. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, though Cal and Ruth are wary of him. Following dinner, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in third class. During the party Cal's butler, Spicer Lovejoy (David Warner) stealthily sneaks down the third class staircase to spy on her. After a very tense breakfast the following morning, in which Cal shows an inclination towards violence, Rose becomes even more apprehensive about her upcoming marriage. Ruth emphasizes that Rose's marriage will resolve the DeWitt Bukaters' financial problems. After spotting Rose, Cal and Ruth out on the Boat Deck, Jack stealthily sneaks back into First Class and tries to warn Rose about what she may be facing. Rose rebuffs Jack's advances, but later realizes that she prefers him over Cal. After meeting on the bow at sunset, Rose takes Jack to her state room and displays Cal's engagement present: the Heart of the Ocean. At her request, Jack sketches Rose posing nude wearing it. Meanwhile, in the First-Class Smoking Room, Cal's butler informs him that none of the stewards have seen Rose at all that night. Cal orders the butler to find her. Rose & Jack manage to evade Cal's bodyguard and have sex in an automobile inside the cargo hold. They later visit the forward well deck, and while on it, the lookouts spot an iceberg directly in the ship's path. Orders are given to turn the ship hard a-starboard and run the engines full astern, but the ship takes too long to make the turn and the starboard side scrapes along the iceberg, causing substantial damage to the watertight compartments, including the cargo hold where Jack & Rose had been having sex in the automobile. Jack & Rose witness the collision with the iceberg and overhear the officers and designer discussing its seriousness. On the bridge, builder Thomas Andrews, Captain Smith (Bernard Hill), the ship's officers and White Star Line Managing Director Bruce Ismay (Jonathan Hyde) discuss the damage. The water has reached 14 feet above the keel in 10 minutes and has flooded 5 watertight compartments. Mr. Andrews warns that because of a design flaw, the water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads at E Deck, and this will cause the ship to sink. He gives an hour, two at most, for the ship to remain afloat. Cal discovers Jack's sketch of Rose and a mocking note from her in his safe along with the necklace. When Jack and Rose attempt to tell Cal of the collision, he has his butler slip the necklace into Jack's pocket and accuses him of theft. He is arrested, taken to the Master-at-arms' office, and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his own coat pocket. With the ship sinking, Rose is desperate to free Jack. She flees Cal and her mother, who has boarded a lifeboat, and rescues him. They return to the boat deck, where Cal and Jack encourage her to board a lifeboat; Cal claims he can get himself and Jack off safely. After Rose boards one, Cal tells Jack the arrangement is only for himself. As her boat lowers, Rose decides that she cannot leave Jack and jumps back on board. Jack confronts her, angrily at first, but his angers soon turns to affection and they share a series of kisses at the bottom of the Grand Staircase. Cal, seeing this, takes his butler's pistol and chases Rose and Jack into the flooding first class dining saloon. After using up his ammunition, Cal realizes he gave his coat and consequently the necklace to Rose. Jack & Rose are forced to flee below decks to escape Cal, and narrowly escape drowning themselves. They become trapped behind a locked gate, but Jack manages to free them just as the rising water reaches their heads. Out on the Boat Deck, Cal decides to make his own escape. He reminds the First Officer of the arrangement made earlier, but the officer angrily turns on Cal and refuses to allow him boarding. When he spots a lost child hiding behind a winch, he takes the child and is subsequently allowed into a collapsible lifeboat by Chief Officer Wilde. As Cal and others board the collapsible, the water surges into the bridge & wheelhouse, drowning Captain E.J. Smith and causing Cal's boat to start floating off the deck. By now the stern is staring to rise out of the water and the remaining passengers are running farther & farther aft. After braving several obstacles, Jack and Rose return to the boat deck. All the lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. Water now crashes through the huge dome over the Grand Staircase, drowning those passengers trapped inside. Jack & Rose reach the very stern - where they had first met - and take up positions on it by climbing over the rail, next to Chief Baker Charles Joughin. The ship breaks in half, causing the stern to crash down into the water and killing Lovejoy, the butler. As the bow breaks off it pulls the stern back into the air, leaving it sitting there for a minute. Jack and Rose ride it into the ocean as it fills with water and then plunges to the bottom. As Jack & Rose let go of the stern, the Titanic disappears into the darkness below them, and they both swim to the surface to find themselves in a massive mob of passengers and crew. Within minutes, Rose & Jack find a piece of paneling from the Grand Staircase, and he helps her onto the wooden panel only buoyant enough for one person. Holding the edge, he assures her that she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. He dies of hypothermia but she is saved when Fifth Officer Lowe & some crewmen return to try to find survivors. With Rose hiding from Cal en route, the RMS Carpathia takes the survivors to New York. There she gives her name as Rose Dawson. She later learns that Cal committed suicide after losing everything in the 1929 Wall Street Crash. Lovett abandons his search after hearing Rose's story. Alone on the stern of the Keldysh, Rose takes out the Heart of the Ocean - in her possession all along - and drops it into the sea over the wreck site. While she is seemingly asleep in her bed, photos on her dresser depict a life of freedom and adventure, partly inspired by Jack. A young Rose returns to the ship - at first, a gloomy wreck on the bottom - but as Rose reaches the Promenade Deck the ship begins to glow with light. As she enters the Grand Staircase she is greeted by those who perished on the ship - including the Titanic's band, First Officer Murdoch, Thomas Andrews, Jack's friends Fabrizio & Tommy Ryan, and standing at the clock is Jack himself. He extends a hand and they reunite, to the happy cheers of the perished passengers & crew. 