nm0004193:

 Slime City Massacre (2010)Summaries In the wake of a "dirty bomb" attack, a New York City neighborhood known as "Slime City" has been evacuated, except for the homeless ("displaced refugees"). Four squatters searching for food in the ruins of the Zachary Devon Soup Kitchen (Jennifer Bihl, Kealan Patrick Burke, Debbie Rochon, Lee Perkins) discover a supply of Zachary Devon's Home Brewed Elixir and Himalayan Yogurt. When they drink the elixir and eat the yogurt, they are transformed into hideous slime creatures driven to murder - an intermediate step as they are possessed by the spirits of Zachary Devon (Robert Sabin) and the members of his Coven of Flesh, who committed suicide years earlier. When a greedy developer (Roy Frumkes) sets his sites on Slime City, he hires a team of mercenaries (Nelron Hubbard, Tommy Sweeney, T.J. Merrick, Eric Mache, and Nicholas John Morgan Anderson) to wipe out the homeless population. It's a battle royal between the Slime Heads, the mercenaries, and bloodthirsty mutant cannibals! A loving tribute to the over the top splatter films of the 1980s, featuring Brooke Lewis, Mary Bogle, and Lloyd Kaufman. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 In Fear of (2012 )Summaries The clinical phobias that inhabit us. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Model Hunger (2016)211) A former model (Lynn Lowry) forced into retirement due to her age exacts her revenge on young beautiful women in this horror thriller. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Former pin-up model and actress Ginny (Lynn Lowry) had been cast aside by the heartless and exploitative modeling industry when she was a young woman due to her body type. Ginny didnt take rejection well and over the years developed into a revenge seeking, blood thirsty, broken woman. When her new neighbors Debbie (Tiffany Shepis) and Sal (Carmine Capobianco) move in, Debbie begins to notice strange things going on next door. Sal credits it to Debbies psychological instability and believes she is seeing things, falling deeper into her psychosis. Debbie is obsessively determined to figure out what secret life Ginny is leading. Her new nosey neighbor throws a damper on Ginnys lifestyle activities; such as her cannibalistic food addictions and ever growing body count. Both women become determined to put an end to the others obsession. 
 Exhumed (2011)Summaries A warped and mysterious family are unable to leave the house they reside in for unknown reasons. When this strange brood decide to turn their captivity into a sick and violent game, it challenges their very reality and puts all of their lives in great jeopardy. Woodyanders It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 