nm0005542:

 54 (1998)321) The famous 1970s New York City nightclub seen and told through the eyes of a young employee. An anthology film retelling the story of the famous Studio 54, a hot disco hangout for the social elite of New York. The movie follows several characters at once, some of whom are in desperate straits and on the verge of crashing. Laurence Mixson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in late 1979, Shane O'Shea (who narrates the story in flashback) is a 19-year-old gas jockey from Jersey City, New Jersey who lives with his widowed, conservative father Harlan and two younger sisters, Grace and Kelly, both of whom were named after Princess Grace by their late mother, who died when Shane was 12. An Irish-American kid tired of his working-class existence, Shane longs for a more exciting life across the river in New York, so he cuts his hair, dresses up, and and talks his two friends into going to Studio 54 one night. However, upon arrival, gay club owner Steve Rubell picks him to go inside (only after he takes off his shirt), and not his friends. Once inside, Shane is exposed to the glamorous, hedonistic playground that is 54, with plenty of drugs, alcohol, disco music, and sex to go around. Shane has such a good time at 54 that he makes plans to go back, much to his father's disapproval, so the next night, Shane borrows his father's car without permission and heads back to 54, where Steve hires him as a busboy. He quickly becomes friends with fellow busboy Greg Randazzo and his coat-check girl wife Anita, who, like Shane, aspire for bigger and better things: Greg wants to become one of the club's bartenders, since they make more money and have more "celebrity" status; and Anita wants to become a famous singer. Shane eventually moves out of his family's house after arguing with his father over his new job and moves in with Greg and Anita in New York, and they become a surrogate family to him. Shane even has sex in the club's infamous balcony with 54 regular Patti, a Southern starlet/model, on his first night as a busboy. Like Greg, Shane also wants to become a bartender, and after working at 54 for only a week, he gets that chance thanks in part to 54 regular Billie Auster, a decadent, sophisticated, cougar-like socialite/businesswoman who has a one-night stand with Shane while high on cocaine and marijuana (she passes out mid-intercourse as a result, but Shane continues to have sex with her anyway), and who Anita hopes can help jump-start her singing career since she knows everybody in the music business. While having sex with Billie in her penthouse bedroom, Shane mentions that he wants to be a bartender since one of the newer ones, Rhett, quit to become a model (presumably Billie had sex with Rhett too since she's upset about his sudden departure), and Billie asks him if he wants her to recommend him to Steve, which she later does offscreen. Shane's promotion angers Greg, since he wanted to become a bartender, and feels that he didn't because he wouldn't let Steve perform oral sex on him in exchange for said promotion (quid pro quo). Shane, now nicknamed "Shane 54" by his fellow bartenders, soon becomes a highly-paid quasi-celebrity at 54 and gets sucked into the club's decadent lifestyle: he mingles with New York's upper crust, he uses drugs, and has sex with random women (which leads to him getting gonorrhea) as he "raises his profile" and advances his "celebrity" status. However, Shane's new stardom doesn't protect him from being insulted when a guest at a Park Avenue dinner party he and Anita attend with Billie calls him a "gorgeous troglodyte" because he doesn't know who Errol Flynn is; nor does it protect Shane from being exploited when he does a Christmas beefcake photo shoot/interview with Interview Magazine and he discovers that the interview portion he did has been left out of the magazine, leaving him feeling sad and used because he wants to be taken seriously and valued for more than just his good looks and sex appeal. Shane's fame also causes problems with his friends and family, especially during the Christmas holidays. Greg, who now moonlights as a drug dealer, accuses Shane of being conceited and also accuses him of trying to have sex with Anita, since he caught Shane making a pass at her once before at their apartment . And Shane's father Harlan, whom Shane hasn't seen or spoken to since he moved out of the house, rejects Shane when he returns home to visit on Christmas Day because a family friend that got into 54 one night told him that she saw Shane doing drugs there. Shane does however experience some brief happiness during the holidays when he strikes up a romance with his dream girl (and fellow Jerseyite) Julie Black, a soap opera starlet determined to break into the movie industry. However, Shane's stardom, his relationship with Julie, and 54's life all come to an end on New Year's Eve. Shane discovers Julie at 54 with Roland Sachs, a casting agent who she plans to sleep with in order to advance her career, and Shane blows her off in disgust (ironically, since he basically did the same thing with Billie and others in order to become a bartender and advance his job/celebrity status). Elderly 54 regular Mona (aka Disco Dottie), a feisty, foul-mouthed, drug-using grandmother, dies of a cocaine overdose during Anita's debut performance. Shane is beside himself with grief, but Steve wants Shane to continue working as if nothing has happened. Shane refuses and gets into a near-physical altercation with Steve, forcing Steve to fire him. At the same time, the FBI raids 54 and arrests Steve for tax evasion, as he's been skimming money from the club's nightly take each night. Steve's bouncers find Shane and physically throw him out of the club, and Shane is then forced to leave 54 the same way he entered at the beginning of the film: shirtless, and now forced to use an old garbage bag to cover himself since he's not allowed back inside the club to get his wallet and other belongings. Julie passes by in a limousine, and after having a brief heart-to-heart with a now disgraced and humbled Shane, they part ways but agree to remain friends. In the film's epilogue, Shane reveals that Steve is eventually convicted and sentenced to eighteen months in prison for tax evasion (he is forced to sell 54 after being released, but the new owners let him stay on as a consultant). During that time, Shane continues to keep in touch with Julie, who moves to Hollywood and gets a small part in a movie. He takes business classes at NYU during the day and works nights managing a restaurant in Greenwich Village. His relationship with his father is improved, as he visits him and his sisters once a week. Shane, Anita and Greg, however, drift apart. Anita and Greg are still married and doing well; Anita finally manages to record and release an album with Casablanca Records to moderate success (some critics refer to Anita's album as "too disco"), and Greg gets a job in construction (after getting six months' probation for dealing drugs). The three of them reunite at the recently reopened 54, where Steve is hosting a one-night welcome-back party for all of his old friends and employees after his release from prison. In the end, 54 closes for good in 1986, and Steve dies of AIDS in 1989 at age 45. Shane notes that although everybody assembled at 54 that night pretended that nothing had changed, they all realized that "the party was over". 
 Malcolm X (1992)321) Biographical epic of the controversial and influential Black Nationalist leader, from his early life and career as a small-time gangster, to his ministry as a member of the Nation of Islam. Biograpical epic of Malcolm X, the legendary African American leader. Born Malcolm Little, his father (a Garveyite Baptist minister) was killed by the Ku Klux Klan. Malcolm became a gangster, and while in jail discovered the Nation of Islam writings of Elijah Muhammad. He preaches the teachings when let out of jail, but later on goes on a pilgrimage to the city of Mecca, there he converts to the original Islamic religion and becomes a Sunni Muslim and changes his name to El-Hajj Malik Al-Shabazz. He is assassinated on February 21, 1965 and dies a Muslim martyr. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the opening credits roll, we hear Malcolm X (Denzel Washington) delivering a speech about the oppression of the black race by the white race, openly and loudly accusing whites of murder, rape and slavery. Intercut with the credits is footage of the 1991 beating of Rodney King by Los Angeles police officers and an American flag burning into an "X". In the Roxbury neighborhood of Boston, during the early 1940s in the early years of World War II, a teenage Malcolm Little meets with his friend, Shorty (Spike Lee) at a local barber shop to have his hair straightened to make him acceptable to whites. The process is a painful one, with a concoction of eggs and lye applied to Malcolm's head and combed out. Malcolm admires himself in the mirror and he and Shorty take to the streets dressed in colorful "zoot" suits. In a flashback sequence, Malcolm narrates that he grew up poor in rural Nebraska. When his mother was pregnant with him, a small group of Ku Klux Klan riders broke the windows of his parents' house, looking for his father, a local minister and activist. Malcolm later narrates that his family's home was burned down and his father was murdered when he was four or five, thrown in front of a train after suffering a skull injury. The case was falsely recorded as a suicide and his family received no compensation, becoming destitute. Malcolm's mother Louise (Lonette McKee), who was of Caribbean descent and partially white, married his father because he was black and a follower of Marcus Garvey, who preached that Black Americans should return to Africa to have their own region of the world, free of white influence. Eventually, his mother was remanded to a mental institution and Malcolm and his brothers and sisters became wards of the state. Malcolm, while in grade school, showed excellent academic skills and told a teacher he wanted to be a lawyer. However, his racist teacher tells him that it "isn't a practical career for a negro". Flashing back to contemporary 1944, Malcolm and Shorty and their girlfriends go to a jitterbug club. After a rigorous dancing number, Malcolm meets Sophia (Kate Vernon), a white, blond woman who becomes infatuated with him. Malcolm's black girlfriend, Laura (Theresa Randle), is a devout Catholic and has avoided Malcolm's sexual advances. Eventually, Malcolm takes up with Sophia. At one point, he treats her with obvious racial misogyny, getting her to feed him breakfast. Working for a local railroad company, Malcolm travels to Harlem, New York City. He goes to a bar where his drink is doubled unexpectedly by a man named West Indian Archie (Delroy Lindo), who runs numbers locally. When Malcolm is harassed by another patron who insults his clothes and speaks ill of his mother, Malcolm hits the man on the head with a liquor bottle. Archie recognizes that Malcolm won't back down in a fight and calls him over to his table. Malcolm sees immediately that Archie is a person of considerable influence and goes to work for him, running numbers. One night, while Malcolm, Sophia and Archie drink and snort cocaine, Malcolm places a bet for several numbers with Archie. One of Malcolm's numbers hits and he stands to collect a large sum of money. Archie denies that Malcolm had the number and reminds his protege of his reputation for never forgetting a number. Malcolm chooses to break his ties with Archie. A few nights later, at a dinner club, Archie threatens Malcolm. Malcolm escapes through the bathroom window. He returns to Boston, reconnects with Shorty and the two resolve to become petty thieves. One of their first partners, Rudy (Roger Guenveur Smith), tells them about a elderly man he takes care of who has money and many valuable items in his house. When Rudy declares he'll lead the group, Malcolm plays Russian Roulette, threatening to blow off Rudy's nose. A terrified Rudy tells Malcolm to lead the group. The robbery is a success and over a period of time, Shorty and Malcolm loot a considerable amount. One night in early 1946, while Shorty and Malcolm straighten Malcolm's hair, they discover the water has been turned off. Malcolm is forced to rinse his head in the toilet bowl and he and Shorty are arrested when the police burst in. Sophia and Peg (Debi Mazar) are also arrested. The racist judge (a cameo by civil rights attorney William Kuntsler), after hearing a guilty verdict, sentences the two white women to 18 months for their association with the robbery group, but harshly sentences both Shorty and Malcolm to eight to ten years for 14 different robbery charges and declares the sentences will be served concurrently (a devastated Shorty literally faints in the courtroom, thinking he'd serve over 100 years until Malcolm explains to him what "concurrent" sentencing is). Malcolm is sent to a Massachusetts penitentiary. On his first day he refuses to recite his incarceration number and is thrown into solitary confinement. The prison priest (Christopher Plummer) tries to reach Malcolm but is obscenely rebuffed. Malcolm is eventually released from solitary and recites his number. While in the showers, straightening his hair, he is met by Baines (Albert Hall), a member of the Nation of Islam, the black Muslim organization of the United States. Baines tells Malcolm that the best way out of prison, both the penitentiary and the figurative prisons of his mind, is through the teachings of Elijah Muhammad (Al Freeman Jr.), the founder and leader of the Nation of Islam. Malcolm refuses at first but grows more interested in Baines' preaching, especially when he sees the confidence and courage Baines has -- he refuses to show any fear when the prison's guards threaten him. Malcolm becomes a willing student; Baines tells him that all white people are not to be trusted. Baines has Malcolm copy out an entire English language dictionary, pointing out the double-standards that guide words like "black" and "white", telling his student that he must learn the meanings behind every word and that language is the key to using the white race's power against them. Malcolm is reluctant at first to pray directly to Allah until he has a vision in his jail cell of Elijah Muhammad. Muhammad tells him that the only path to truth is through Allah. Malcolm finally gains the courage to pray as a Muslim. Malcolm also becomes a sore point for the prison priest; Malcolm challenges the traditional images of Jesus and the apostles, claiming they were anything but white. Malcolm is paroled from prison in 1952 after serving six years. A few days after his release, he travels to the Nation's headquarters in Chicago where he meets Elijah Muhammad himself. Malcolm is noticeably humbled by the experience and breaks down in awe-filled tears at meeting his savior. As part of joining the Nation of Islam, Elijah Muhammad instructs Malcolm to drop his last name of 'Little', which his ancestors inherited from a white slave owner, and replace it with the letter 'X' which is a symbol of his lost African surname. Malcolm X returns to Harlem and begins his life as a preacher for the Nation of Islam. The Nation sets up a mosque in a single room and their congregation quickly grows over the next few years. At one point, Malcolm, while preaching a sermon, sees Shorty in the crowd. He embraces him, kindly pointing out that Shorty is a representative of his former criminal life and the two go out for coffee. Shorty tries to get Malcolm to join him for a cocaine fix but Malcolm tells him that he's clean. Malcolm gets news about West Indian Archie and his old gang from Shorty and finds out where Archie is living. Archie has since suffered a stroke and lives as an invalid in a squalid Bronx apartment. Malcolm visits him and comforts him when he sees how poor life has become for his old boss. In 1957, Malcolm challenges the Harlem division of the New York City Police Department when one of his temple's members, Brother Johnson, is beaten in the streets and taken to jail and denied medical attention. Malcolm gathers the Fruit of Islam, the Nation's security force, and, joined by a growing mob of local protesters, marches on the police precinct, demanding to see Johnson. When he is turned down he calmly and firmly tells the officers in charge that neither he nor the Fruit of Islam will move until they are satisfied that Johnson is being cared for properly. The silent protest works and Johnson is taken to the hospital. Malcolm orders the Fruit of Islam to disperse and leaves the angry crowd on the street for the police to deal with. As the Nation leaves, the captain (a cameo by Peter Boyle) remarks "that's too much power for one man to have." A short time later, while drinking coffee in a nearby cafe, a young man named Benjamin (Jean LaMarre), who'd witnessed the police beating of Brother Johnson and was impressed with Malcolm's stolid handling of the police, approaches Malcolm and asks him how he can become a Muslim. Malcolm questions Benjamin carefully, saying he shouldn't join an organization if he doesn't understand it. Benjamin becomes disappointed and begins to leave when Malcolm tells him he shouldn't give up that easily either. Malcolm invites him to come to his temple the next day. Benjamin leaves, promising he'll make Malcolm proud of him. In 1958, Malcolm meets his future wife, nurse Betty Sanders (Angela Bassett). The two are instantly attracted to each other and Malcolm eventually proposes to her. They are married in a private ceremony and plan to have children. They are soon the parents of four daughters. Over the next few years as Malcolm's influence grows, he soon finds himself in a high advisory position to Elijah Muhammad himself, which draws much jealously from Baines. As a result, Malcolm receives less attention in the Nation's official publication, "Muhammad Speaks". Baines speaks to Muhammad directly, telling him that Malcolm may be shamelessly courting the white media for himself, rather than for the good of the Nation. Following a formal public speaking session, Malcolm is confronted by a disgruntled man who suggests that Muhammad may not be the benevolent leader the Nation believes him to be. In 1962, Malcolm and Betty argue bitterly over reports in the New York Post that claim Muhammad may have fathered illegitimate children with at least two unmarried women who served on his office staff. Betty's argument also points to the manner with which Malcolm has been largely ignored by the leadership of the Nation. Following their small fight, Malcolm talks to the women who confirm the reports and have been ostracized within the Nation. Malcolm privately confronts Muhammad who claims that, because he himself never married, that he must father his progeny any way he can. Baines also tries to justify Muhammad's philandering by recounting the stories of both Noah (a drunk) and Solomon (who had many wives). Malcolm is not convinced and loses much of his stature and faith in the Nation of Islam. In late November 1963, Malcolm's candid and brutally truthful reputation is further damaged when, following the assassination of President John F. Kennedy, publicly states that the president's death was an example of the historical violence of the white race and the United States itself, referring to the incident as an example of "the chickens coming home to roost." The remark is quickly misconstrued in American newspapers, prompting anger from both the black and white establishments. Muhammad, who appears to be in poor health, decides to sideline Malcolm by informing him that his duties as the Nation of Islam's spokesperson are suspended for 90 days. Malcolm is enraged by what he sees as a clear case of betrayal by both Elijah Muhammad and the Nation of Islam, but he none the less accepts and submits to the punishment. In early 1964, during his suspension, Malcolm announces publicly that he'll be establishing a new organization called Muslim Mosque Inc, one that will allow white people to aide them but not permit them to join. Malcolm also announces he will complete a "hajj", a holy journey of self-discovery to the Middle East and Mecca in Saudi Arabia, required of all Muslims if they are able. He tours the ancient pyramids at Giza, knowing that he's being tailed by two men he assumes are CIA agents. Arriving in Mecca, he participates in the Muslim ritual of the seven circuits around the Kaaba, drinks from the Well of Zamzam and kisses the Black Stone. He also realizes that Islam is not limited to people of Arab, Middle Eastern or African descent, but the many people in his pilgrimage include quite a few Caucasian whites, mixed race people and Asians as well. Malcolm willingly eats and prays with them. The hajj changes Malcolm's outlook and he experiences a spiritual re-awakening, realizing that exclusion of races other than African-Americans from Islam cannot accomplish anything. Returning to the United States, he gives a press conference where he declares that his days of preaching for African-American separation from white America are over. He forms a new Islamic organization, the Organization for African-American Unity (OAAU), one that will spread the word of tolerance of all who wish to worship Allah and the Qur'an, and which involves breaking his relations with the Nation of Islam. Malcolm also gives himself a new Arab Islamic name, "El-Hajj Malik Al-Shabazz." Very soon, Malcolm's family begins to receive death threats on the phone from Nation of Islam members. In September 1964, Malcolm is photographed guarding his house at night with a rifle. One night in February 1965, two firebombs are thrown at Malcolm's house in Queens and he gives a public statement to a television news crew outside that if he'd actually seen the bombers himself, he'd have opened fire on them in the street. Baines himself gives a public statement to the media, suggesting Malcolm may have fire-bombed his own house as a publicity stunt. Afterwords, Baines sends a message via a written note to five men that Malcolm survived the firebombing and they are to continue to carry on with their orders to kill Malcolm. Malcolm receives further death threats and becomes somewhat despondent. He arranges to speak at the Audubon Ballroom in Harlem on February 21, 1965, his first such public speech since founding OAAU. Malcolm goes to a New York hotel and stays overnight there, possibly to draw attention away from his family. He receives more death threats from the Nation of Islam in his hotel room. He drives to the Audubon and meets a woman on the street who tells him not to listen to his detractors and that Jesus will protect him -- Malcolm acknowledges her kindness. One of his men, Brother Earl (James McDaniel), wants to position guards around the stage and podium and wants everyone attending to be searched to insure Malcolm's safety. Malcolm refuses, saying he wants the attendees of the speech to feel relaxed. Malcolm also becomes angry when his staff inform him that the OAAU program hasn't been completed and that the reverend scheduled to speak before Malcolm cannot attend. The rest of the staff are excused and Malcolm speaks alone to Brother Earl, muttering about the present day being "a time for martyrs." He also refuses to postpone the engagement when Earl suggests it. Earl leaves and Malcolm prepares his notes. In the auditorium, Betty and Malcolm's four daughters are seated in the front row while Brother Benjamin 2X (the same young man from the cafe scene) speaks ahead of Malcolm and introduces him. Malcolm steps to the podium and greets the crowd when a man in the back row suddenly starts shouting at someone... intended as a distraction. While the security guards run over and deals with the yelling man (exactly as planned), a man in the second row pulls out a sawed-off double-barreled shotgun, runs up to the stage and opens fire. Malcolm (seeing the armed man approach and aware that he is a dead man) smiles slightly and is hit in his left shoulder and chest by two shotgun blasts and falls to the stage. Two additional assassins seated in the front row also run forward to the stage and shoot Malcolm several more times with semi-automatic pistols. As the killers run out of the auditorium, one of handgun shooters, Thomas Hayer (Giancarlo Esposito), is shot in his right leg by one of Malcolm's bodyguards. Hampered by his bullet wound, he is caught and beaten by the angry crowd outside the front entrance of the building. The police arrive a minute later to place the captured assassin under arrest before quietly entering the building to find Betty holding her dead husband and crying. Malcolm's body is taken to a nearby hospital just down the street where he is declared dead-on-arrival from multiple gunshot wounds. The story ends with Martin Luther King's weary statement on Malcolm's death and the violence that caused it. The same eulogy delivered by Ossie Davis at Malcolm's memorial services plays over a montage of film and photographs of the real Malcolm. Footage of Nelson Mandela (recently released from prison after 30 years) speaking to a South African grade school class is also shown. The final shot is of Malcolm himself proclaiming "By any means necessary!" 
 Jungle Fever (1991)321) Friends and family of a married black architect react in different ways to his affair with an Italian secretary. A successful and married black man contemplates having an affair with a white girl from work. He's quite rightly worried that the racial difference would make an already taboo relationship even worse. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Flipper Purify (Wesley Snipes) is a successfully married African American man who works at an architectural firm in New York City. One day, an Italian American woman named Angela "Angie" Tucci (Annabella Sciorra) is hired as a temporary secretary at the place. Flipper complains to his partners Jerry (Tim Robbins) and Leslie (Brad Dourif) about wanting an African American secretary. They tell him that they want "the best human being for the job." When Flipper returns to his Harlem home after visiting his best friend Cyrus (Spike Lee), he tells his wife Drew (Lonette McKee) about his promotion. Drew tells him to be prepared if his promotion is declined, but Flipper tells her not to worry. Meanwhile, Angie returns to her Bensonhurst home, and cooks dinner for her father Mike (Frank Vincent) and her two brothers Charlie (David Dundara) and Jimmy (Michael Imperioli). Her boyfriend Paulie Carbone (John Turturro) arrives and takes her out on a date. Paulie is a regular Italian-American man who co-manages a grocery store in his and Angie's neighborhood. While he waits for Angie, her brothers antagonize Paulie about his relationship with his sister, threatening him with bodily harm if his only intention is to have sex with her. Paulie's able to shake it off and he & Angie leave. One night, Flipper and Angie are working late at the firm, and they start to have a conversation about cooking. They continue to work late and have dinner in his office and they have sex on a desk. The next day, Flipper doesn't speak while walking his daughter to school. Later, at the office, he tells Jerry and Leslie that he wishes to be made a partner at the firm. After his offer is declined, he abruptly quits his job, telling his employers that his ideas have made the firm very profitable. One of his bosses, Leslie tells Flipper they need "a little more time" while Les' partner, Jerry, reacts angrily to Flipper's resignation, saying that his ego is driving his decisions. Later that night at the park, Flipper admits his infidelity to Cyrus. Just then, Flipper's older brother Gator (Samuel L. Jackson) shows up with his girlfriend Vivian (Halle Berry). He asks Flipper for some money so he can feed his crack habit. Flipper initially refuses, but gives in eventually. Meanwhile, Angie tells her two girlfriends that she's seeing Flipper, shocking them when she tells them he is African American. She then tells them not to tell anybody. But her friends just cannot stop their gossiping and they secretly tell one of Angie's brothers, who likewise, tells their father Mike. The next evening, Flipper and Angela are ignored by the racist staff at a local restaurant. He complains to an African-American waitress (Queen Latifah) about not being served, she in turn berates him for dating a white woman. Later, the rumors about them surface when Flipper comes home and sees a furious Drew throwing his things out of the second floor window, forcing him to move back in with his mother Lucinda (Ruby Dee) and his father the Good Reverend Doctor (Ossie Davis) in nearby Brooklyn. Later that night, he confronts Cyrus for betraying his trust. Cyrus admits that he told his wife Vera (Veronica Webb), but he didn't know that she would tell Drew (plus several other people in the neighborhood). Flipper insults Vera for her big mouth and inability to keep a secret which causes a rift in his friendship with Cyrus, who demands he apologize to Vera, but Flipper refuses. Shortly after, Flipper ends his friendship with Cyrus after seeing that although Cyrus does like and support Flipper, he will always side with his wife regardless of her actions. The next day, Flipper tries to make things up to Drew by bringing her flowers at work, which she refuses. The two have a nasty argument and Flipper leaves. Meanwhile, Angie ends her relationship with Paulie. His father Lou (Anthony Quinn) finds Paulie in the bathroom and consoles him. When Angie returns home, a livid and racist Mike violently beats her for dating a black man and throws her out of the house. Flipper and Angie move in to an apartment together, where they subsequently encounter social problems including a failed dinner with Flipper's parents who disapprove of their son dating someone outside his race. These and other racial issues eventually strain relations between the couple. One night, things come to a head when the police almost arrest Flipper after receiving a wrongful report from another racist white person that "a white lady was being attacked" (this, due to somebody apparently having watched them in a compromising position over a car hood from a window, since it looked like he was forcing himself on her). Afterword, Flipper and Angie get into another huge argument when he tells her that he refuses to have half-blood children with her. When Paulie hears the confession from Angie about her affair with a black man, he is heartbroken. This, somehow, gives him the courage to ask a black female regular customer, named Orin Goode (Tyra Ferrell), out on a date. This puts him at odds with his own racist father and his friends, whom he gets into a fight with, although he winds up hurt himself. Orin turns down Paulie's request to go out on a date. When he pesters her, Orin tells him off by saying that her parents have forbidden her from dating a man outside her race and she will not defy her parents out of blind loyalty to them. Paulie finds himself more emotionally hurt and alone then ever. One night, a high-on-dope Gator storms into his parents house one night while the Reverend is away, demanding money from Lucinda while trashing the house. The Reverend arrives and threatens to shoot him if he doesn't leave. Gator turns to leave, but upon hearing the Reverend insult him, he turns around and threatens him. The Reverend tells Gator he is better off dead, and shoots him in the groin. Gator cries in pain as he slowly dies in his mother's arms. However, The Reverend shows a small sign of regret. Eventually, due to the great gap created between them two, Flipper admits that he was only curious about being with a white woman, and he tells Angie that she should accept she was also curious about black men. They break up and he leaves the apartment they were sharing. Angie returns to her father's house where she apologizes for getting into a romance with a man who's color skin is different. Mike awkwardly welcomes Angie back. In the end, Flipper is seen having sex with Drew again, but she is laughing and crying at the same time. When they finish, she sends him off. It is clear that they were obviously not back together and she only called him over for sex, with no seemingly immediate solution in regards to it. He kisses his daughter Ming (Veronica Timbers) goodbye and walks out to go home back to his parents house. Then, at the turn of the corner, a very young black girl asks him to let her do oral sex on him for two dollars. Stunned, Flipper embraces her and screams to the heavens: NOOOOOOO!!!!. (It was not clear whether the plot had leaped forward to some years later and this girl was Ming, or that he was only shocked to see this teenager whoring herself for drug money.) 
 Zoolander (2001)651) At the end of his career, a clueless fashion model is brainwashed to kill the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Derek Zoolander is VH1's three time male model of the year, but when Hansel wins the award instead, Zoolander's world becomes upside down. His friends disappear, his father is disappointed in him, and he feels that he's not good as a model anymore. But when evil fashion guru Mugatu hires Zoolander, he thinks his life has turned back round again, that is until he finds out that Mugatu has actually brainwashed him to kill the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Can Zoolander and his new friends find out how to prevent the incident before it's too late? FilmFanUK Male supermodel Derek Zoolander is on his way down after three years of continuously winning the "Male Model of the Year" award. When he is beaten by the hot newcomer Hansel, Derek starts searching for a new meaning in his life. Just then fashion czar Mugatu offers Derek a comeback in his new "Derelicte"-line. What nobody suspected is that Mugatu plans to assassinate the new Malaysian Prime Minister on his visit to New York, so that cheap child labor is still available for Mugatu's fashion producing. By brainwashing Zoolander, Mugatu and his evil associate Katinka create a dumb and willing killer to do the job. Only in Time Magazine journalist Matilda suspicion arises slowly, and she tries to stop Derek. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Derek Zoolander, a dimwitted male model, feels threatened by the new and popular Hansel; after his friends and fellow models are killed in a freak gasoline fight, he announces his retirement from modeling. However, he is persuaded by Mugatu and his lackey, Katinka Inga Shanana, to lead their Derelicte fashion show. Unbeknownst to Derek, he had been brainwashed into killing the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Along the way, he befriends his former rival, Hansel, and Matilda, a reporter who defamed him; they eventually save him from Mugatu. Anu H. Derek Zoolander has been the dominant male model in the industry for three years thanks to his patented "look," Blue Steel. On the night of the VH1 Fashion Awards, what should be his fourth trophy goes to an upstart model named Hansel. Adding to the insult, a story in Time magazine brands him an idiot. Derek decides to retire and seek out his roots. Meanwhile, the new prime minister of Malaysia has upset a secret coalition of fashion designers by promising to raise the minimum wage, effectively ending their supply of cheap labour in sweatshops. Sensing disaster, the covert group charges Mugatu, the current king of haute couture, to find a mindless male model to brainwash into assassinating the new world leader. Derek, rejected by his family, stumbles predictably into Mugatu's hands and the only ones who can save him are the reporter who took away his good name, his rival Hansel, and a mysterious model from the past who sheds light on the whole conspiracy. They have to work against time and Derek's ineptitude to stop him from killing on the night Mugatu reveals his newest clothing line with the Malaysian minister as his "honoured guest." Lordship <lordship@juno.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. News footage datelined Kuala Lumpur: newly elected Prime Minister Hassan ( Woodrow W. Asai ) of Malaysia promises to increase the minimum wage and eliminate child labor. The screen rolls up to reveal a large, dimly lit space in a warehouse. Clothing designer Jacobim Mugatu ( Will Ferrell ) has been called on the carpet by a secret international cabal of fashion industry moguls. The cabal is disturbed because the new prime minister's policies will cut deeply into the fashion industry's profits. They direct Mugatu to assassinate the PM using a brainwashed agent -- someone who isn't too bright. Apparently they've done this sort of thing before. Mugatu reluctantly agrees (he'd prefer to concentrate on the upcoming show for his new collection), but wonders where he'll find someone dumb enough. Cut to a photo shoot where male model Derek Zoolander ( Ben Stiller ) is being made up while reporter Matilda Jeffries ( Christine Taylor ) interviews him for an article in Time magazine. Derek says he decided to become a model "the first time I went through the second grade," when he realized how good-looking he was. He shows Matilda a couple of the "looks" -- facial expressions -- he's best known for, including Blue Steel and the "softer" Le Tigre. They look exactly the same. The rest of the scene is intercut with footage of celebrities giving sound bites in praise of Derek Zoolander. Derek tells Matilda about Magnum, a new look he's been working on for 8 or 9 years, but says he isn't ready to show it to anyone. The TV coverage for the VH1 Fashion Awards starts, naturally, with the arrival of the key players. First to roll up is Derek, who we learn is three-time Male Model of the Year. He's defending his title against the hippie-ish Hansel ( Owen Wilson ), a fabulously successful rookie. Hansel arrives on a folding scooter and does tricks with a yo-yo as he walks down the red carpet. Next in are Mugatu, who's picketed by protesters supporting Prime Minister Hassan's fair wage laws, and Zoolander's agent, Maury Ballstein ( Jerry Stiller , Ben's father) of Balls Models, who arrives in time to stop Derek from revealing anything about Magnum to a TV interviewer. Inside, Fabio accepts the "Slashie" award for the "best actor 'slash' model and not the other way around." When the Male Model of the Year is announced, Derek mishears the announcement and embarrasses himself by trotting up to accept Hansel's award. In the audience, Mugatu tells Maury that Derek is just the idiot he's looking for to resolve the Malaysian situation. Maury sadly agrees that Derek, now washed up, is "ready." Derek stumbles out of the awards ceremony, stares at his reflection in a puddle, and asks it who he is. (It doesn't know either.) Hansel rides by and taunts Derek. Derek walks through the city watching his billboard pictures changing to pics of Hansel while a Jumbotron TV replays his award gaffe. He gets home and crashes in his bunk; his three roommates are already asleep in adjacent bunks. Next morning, Derek's roommates Brint ( Alexandre Manning ), Rufus ( Asio Highsmith ), and Meekus ( Alexander Skarsgrd ), who are also male models, sit around complaining about Hansel. Derek, sporting penguin-print feetie pajamas, interrupts the grouse-fest to wonder if they should be doing something more meaningful with their lives -- helping people. His roommies suggest that orange mocha frappuccinos will make it easier to sort out these important issues. Cut to the boys out for a drive with their drinks. They pull into a gas station and start a playful water fight with the windshield squeegees. Derek sees someone discarding a copy of Time and goes off to retrieve it. He's on the cover, but the coverage isn't kind: "Derek Zoolander: a model idiot?" In the background, the water fight has progressed into a (still playful) gasoline fight. Then one of the boys lights a cigarette and the resulting fireball kills all three of them. Derek gives the eulogy (or eugoogoly, as he pronounces it) at the triple funeral. He uses the opportunity to announce his retirement from modeling (though he's interrupted by the late arrival of Hansel and his entourage). On the way out of the cemetery (St. Adonis), he runs into Matilda, who is failing to persuade Mugatu to talk to her. She apologizes to Derek for the "harsh" Time story and blames her editor for the headline. She asks Derek to help her find background on Mugatu, but he brushes her off. At Balls Models, Derek tells Maury he wants to go home and reconnect with his family. He also wants to do something meaningful with his life; he dreams of teaching underprivileged children to read. Maury reminisces about Derek's beginnings in the business and how he couldn't turn left to save his ass. (He still can't.) He tells Derek that Mugatu wants to hire him, but he can't convince Derek not to retire. Cut to Coal Mining Country, Southern New Jersey. In a snakeprint suit with matching luggage, Derek catches up with his father ( Jon Voight ) and brothers outside the coal mine. He wants to work with them in the mines. His father is dismissive, but Derek insists. Back in the city, Mugatu is bitchy to a model ("I'm sorry, did my pin get in the way of your ass?") and tells Maury to get Derek back. Derek is doing a fetching but ineffectual turn at coalmining. At a bar after work, a TV commercial in which Derek appears as a mermaid ("mer-man!" Derek insists) is the last straw for his father and brothers. Although Derek pleads that all he ever wanted "was to make you proud of me, Pop," he's disowned and sent packing. In the parking lot, he asks the stars "who am I?" When his absurdly tiny cell phone rings he assumes it's God, but it's only Maury, calling about a fabulous new offer from Mugatu. In Mugatu's office, after some suggestive byplay between Mugatu and his assistant over an overly foamy latte, Derek is shown the fabulous new offer: an architect's model of the Derek Zoolander Center for Kids who Can't Read Good. Derek is incensed ("what is this? a center for ants?"), but allows Mugatu to placate him after they agree that the center needs to be at least ... three times bigger than the model. Matilda visits Balls Models to interview Maury about Mugatu; Maury claims to know nothing about him. He advises her to get a push-up bra. Meanwhile, Mugatu shows Derek the new collection he'll be representing: Derelicte, "inspired by the very homeless, the vagrants, the crack whores who make this wonderful city so unique." He introduces the tall and sinister Katinka Ingabogovinanana ( Milla Jovovich ), Derek's minder. She takes him to a very exclusive day spa, where he's to get a massage and brainwashing. Archie ( Matt Levin ), a flunky at Time who has the hots for Matilda, gives her a big pile of information he's gathered about Mugatu -- but reports that he's found nothing before 1995. A mysterious tipster whose hand is encased in an odd glass contraption calls Matilda and directs her to Pier 12, the location of the spa. She sneaks in and has an awkward conversation with Derek (who unlike Matilda is completely unembarrassed by his post-massage erection) before being thrown out by Katinka, who insults Matilda's wardrobe for good measure. The brainwashing sequence features lots of little animated Mugatus and explains why child labor is a good thing. It conditions Derek to kill the Malaysian prime minister -- who will be the guest of honor at the Derelicte show -- when he hears the '80s hit "Relax" by Frankie Goes to Hollywood. A week later, Derek wakes up with a start in his bunk at home. Matilda's at the door; she's been looking for him for days. He doesn't quite believe that he was at the day spa that long, even when she shows him the date on a newspaper. He thinks she's coming on to him (which she denies) and turns her down. As she leaves, he mentions that wearing her hair pulled back is bad for her complexion, and performs a quick makeover of her 'do. She looks great (but startled), and wears her hair down for the rest of the movie. Katinka seems to have staked out Derek's place. She sits in her car muttering about how much she dislikes Matilda. Back in the Time office, Archie reports his latest discovery: Mugatu's male models "have a bad habit of dying young in freak accidents." Matilda realizes that Katinka is going to kill Derek and rushes off to find him, but the door person at the party he's attending won't let her in. At the party, Derek saunters around receiving congratulations from celebrities on winning the Derelicte gig. When Hansel bumps into him, he takes offense. Derek challenges Hansel to a "walk-off." Most of the party-goers repair to the old Members Only warehouse to watch the two models resolve their differences. Matilda catches up with Derek on the way, but he won't take the time to listen to her. A crowd gathers at the warehouse, where there's a runway and a "corner" for each contestant, as in a boxing ring. David Bowie offers to officiate. "This'll be a straight walk-off, old school rules," he says. "First model walks, second model duplicates, then elaborates." They take turns walking down the runway imitating each other's moves until Hansel comes up with something Derek can't reproduce: he removes his underwear without taking off his pants. Derek hurts himself trying to pull that off. Riding home with Matilda, Derek shrugs off her warning that Katinka is out to get him because he's despondent at losing another contest to Hansel. He confesses that Hansel could have beaten him with a much simpler move: a left turn. Derek has never been able to hang a louie. As Matilda tries to reassure him, she gets another call from her tipster, who wants to meet her at St. Adonis Cemetery. Derek comes along. Derek and Matilda stroll the cemetery reading gravestones. Derek notices that none of the male models buried there lived past 30. The tipster turns up and notes that he himself made it past 30. He won't tell them his name. He says they've stumbled on something big: the fashion industry has used male models to carry out "every major political assassination over the last 200 years," including Lincoln (who was targeted because abolishing slavery wiped out the free labor the fashion industry relied on) and Kennedy (because the Cuban embargo cut off the supply of Sansabelt slacks). Matilda drops her flashlight and the tipster absent-mindedly reaches for it with his left hand, which is covered with an odd glass contraption. Derek recognizes the hand as that of J.P. Prewitt (a scruffy David Duchovny ) -- "the world's greatest hand model!" The glass contraption is a home-made hyperbaric chamber meant to preserve Prewitt's hand. Prewitt explains that models make good assassins because they're in good shape, they're famous enough to get past security, they don't think for themselves, and they're used to following directions. He also mentions that when they've completed their missions, assassin-models are killed. Just then, Katinka and some goons start shooting at them. Prewitt tells them to get hold of Maury Ballstein's computer; Maury has protected himself by documenting all he knows about the fashion-industry cabal and the assassinations. In parting, Prewitt offers Derek some encouraging words about Blue Steel and the long-anticipated Magnum. In search of a hiding place where no one -- and especially Katinka -- will think to look for them, Derek and Matilda go to Hansel's. Hansel is willing to let them in, but first, he makes Derek explain why he's "been acting so messed-up towards me." Derek admits that he feels threatened by Hansel. Hansel says he's been acting messed-up towards Derek because he's intimidated by Derek's reputation, and in fact Derek inspired him to become a male model. "I freakin' worship you, man." Hansel shows them around his loft, which is huge and full of friends. The three of them sit down together and get high on "tea," and Hansel asks Matilda why she dislikes models so much. She confesses that when she was young she was the fat kid in her class, and she used to pore over the photos in fashion magazines yearning to be thin like the models. Eventually she became bulimic, for which she blames the models. Hansel and Derek don't see the problem with throwing up after meals -- they do it themselves -- and want to know whether it caused guys to show more interest in her. She admits that her sex life is pretty much nonexistent. Hansel suggests they "give in to the power of the tea" and get naked. They all -- including Hansel's friends -- have a lot of sex. Next morning, Derek tells Hansel he's falling for Matilda. Matilda comes in and reminds them that they have to get hold of the evidence of the assassination plot before the Derelicte show starts in three hours. Derek and Hansel sneak into Maury's office dressed as maintenance men. Matilda instructed them to find the files on Maury's computer (an orange iMac) and email them to her, but they can't figure out how to turn the thing on. Before leaving for the show, Derek gives Hansel his tiny cell phone, asking him to give it to Matilda if anything happens to Derek. Hansel, having grasped that the files (he's thinking paper) are inside the computer, takes the computer and heads for Derelicte himself. Meanwhile, Matilda checks in at the office, where Archie at last has the goods on Mugatu: Mugatu was kicked out of Frankie Goes to Hollywood before they made it big with "Relax." He broke into fashion by inventing the piano-key necktie. When she figures out that Mugatu used "Relax" to trigger the conditioning that will induce Derek to kill the Malaysian prime minister, Matilda rushes to the fashion show. Backstage, Derek confronts Maury about the assassination plot, causing Maury to have a change of heart. Derek hits the runway as Matilda arrives and tangles with Katinka. She tells Hansel about the trigger. "Relax" starts playing and Derek's conditioning kicks in, but Hansel has broken into the DJ booth. During a break-dance fight between Hansel and the DJ, the music switches from "Relax" to Herbie Hancock's "Rockit" and back. Every time "Relax" comes on, Derek advances down the runway toward the prime minister. Hansel saves the day by shutting down the sound system just as Derek gets his hands around the prime minister's neck. Mugatu publicly accuses Zoolander of trying to kill the prime minister. Hansel comes to Derek's defence, revealing the brainwashing and claiming that he has evidence in the computer -- which he proceeds to drop from a catwalk above the stage, expecting to find paper files in the debris. Mugatu thinks the evidence has been destroyed and he's home free, but Maury changes sides and calls his wife to bring his backup files. Mugatu denounces Derek ("Blue Steel, Ferrari, Le Tigre? They're the same face! Doesn't anyone notice this? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!"). Then, determined to complete the mission, Mugatu throws a shuriken (a stylish M-shaped one) at the prime minister. Derek jumps in front of the PM, turns left (for the first time ever) to face the shuriken, and unleashes Magnum. The Magnum look is so powerful that everyone who sees it is amazed and the shuriken stops dead and falls to the floor. Everyone has something to say about Magnum's beauty and general awesomeness. Even Derek's father, watching the show on TV back home in coal country, is finally proud of him: "That's my kid. That's my son!" Magnum looks exactly like Blue Steel, Ferrari, and Le Tigre. Cut to the future: Derek, Maury, and Hansel are at the Derek Zoolander Center for Kids Who Can't Read Good (which, it turns out, is a modeling school and which looks much like the architect's model -- but much more than three times larger). They're making a promotional video. Matilda turns up with baby Derek Jr., who has just started to display his first "look." It's exactly like Blue Steel, Ferrari, Le Tigre, and Magnum. 