nm0007114:

 Hamara Dil Aapke Paas Hai (2000)Summaries Inspired by the Telugu film, "Pelli Chuskundam," the plot follows the life of a rape victim (Aishwarya Rai). Now, a disgrace to her family, she is turned away from her house after the sexual assault. But she finds shelter in the character played by Anil Kapoor. Gonz30 Naive yet bold and daring, Preeti Virat, comes forward as a witness to heinous assault carried by Bhavani Choudhry and his men on a person who owes them money. Bhavani is arrested and held for trial. This angers the Choudhry family. The victim is threatened with dire consequences, and he withdraws the complaint, and as a result Bhavani is released and all charges are dropped. Preeti is then raped by one of the Choudhry men, and subsequently her very own family disowns her. She finds shelter with another do-gooder, Avinash, who even takes her to his apartment. But the story does not end here, for the neighborhood is soon in an uproar over her, and want her to leave. The only solution is that Preeti marry Avinash, she agrees to do so, and then finds out that there is two children who called Avinash "daddy", and she does not know if there is another woman or even a wife involved. And then the police arrest Preeti under the charge of prostitution, on a complaint filed by none other than Avinash's dad. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kal Ho Naa Ho (2003)651) Naina, an introverted, perpetually depressed girl's life changes when she meets Aman. But Aman has a secret of his own which changes their lives forever. Embroiled in all this is Rohit, Naina's best friend who conceals his love for her. The film's female lead, Naina (Preity Zinta) narrates the story. Her father had committed suicide years ago which left a deep impact on her heart. Her family is dysfunctional since her mother and grandmother just cannot stop arguing. But when Aman (Shahrukh Khan) arrives next door, the whole gloomy conditions change. Aman infuses life in skeptical and overtly serious Naina, and she falls in love with him. But Aman knows that he cannot marry Naina because of a secret which he cannot divulge to her. So he intends upon setting her up with her best pal Rohit (Saif Ali Khan). Soumitra Naina is a very serious girl with a very serious life. But one day, her soul is awakened by the happy-go-lucky Aman, who teaches her that life is meant to be lived. Naturally, she falls in love with him. But Aman is harboring a secret that keeps him from reciprocating Naina's love. But he cannot stand having her live a life without love, so he sets off on a mission to fill her life with someone else's love - someone she already knows.... anna bo banna Naina and Rohit are best friends. When Aman comes into their lives, their worlds are turned upside down. Aman tries to play matchmaker between them and succeeds as Rohit falls for Naina. However, Naina falls in love with Aman, who although also in love with her, rejects her love. Meanwhile, Aman goes around fixing Naina's family problems. Moneymaker Naina Kapur is the eldest of three and currently doing an MBA course in New York City. Her coursemate Rohit is a playboy wannabe who fails more than he succeeds, and the two befriend each other since she's one of the few women he doesn't plan to court. Naina lives with her mother and her paternal grandmother who, in essence, is your stereotypical mother-in-law. Not everything is going smoothly for the family. Their restaurant business is constantly in the red and family squabbles between the two in-laws are constant. However, the Kapur family still maintains their status quo, even if the children are unhappy about it. Enter Naina's new neighbour, Aman Mathur - a charismatic busybody who gets into everyone's face and then gets away with it. He brings a new life to the neighbourhood and slowly but surely begins to change the lives of everyone around him. He pushes people to become the best that they can be, and even gets Rohit spurred on enough to court Naina seriously. That is, until he realises that he's falling hard for Naina as well. And to complicate matters, Naina has also fallen for him. Peter Lin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Naina Catherine Kapur (Preity Zinta) is an angry young woman, for more than one reason. Her father committed suicide when she needed him the most, leaving his wife Jennifer (Jaya Bachchan) to raise their children all alone. The restaurant Jennifer operates is faltering. Furthermore, Naina's paternal grandmother, Lajjo (Sushma Seth), blames Jennifer for the suicide and refuses to accept Gia, a six-year-old girl whom Jennifer adopted, as her granddaughter, blaming her for bringing bad luck to the family. Naina has to put up with the daily fights that take place in the house as a result. The only factors that redeem her life are the toiling and tolerant Jennifer and Naina's bumbling MBA classmate Rohit (Saif Ali Khan) Aman Mathur (Shahrukh Khan) arrives in Naina's neighbourhood and soon changes everything. Noticing the sadness of his new neighbours, he intervenes. His well-meaning interference in their activities, his revival of their financial condition, and his general optimism soon change their lives for the better. Although Naina is initially reluctant to enjoy Aman's presence as others do and is irritated by his extroverted, overly-enthusiastic attitude, she grows to like him and eventually to love him. Meanwhile, her friend Rohit has fallen in love with her. On Aman's encouragement, he calls Naina for lunch but before he can propose to her, she reveals her love for Aman. Rohit informs Aman about this and leaves shortly for his parents' home. Naina goes to Aman's house where, to stop her from confessing her feelings to him, Aman tells her that he is married to a woman named Priya. Aman, it is revealed, is dying of a severe condition that is progressively weakening his heart. Knowing that his lifespan is limited, he goes through life facilitating friendships and courtship, and urging people to enjoy themselves in the present moment since "tomorrow might never come". His excursions into such altruism eventually lead him to sacrifice his love for Naina and instead playing matchmaker between her and Rohit. After a few weeks of courtship, Naina starts to like Rohit as more than just a friend and accepts his proposal of marriage. The tension within Naina's family also stops when Aman, after intercepting a personal letter addressed to Jennifer, reveals that Gia is Naina's half-sister through their father's extramarital affair. Lajjo finally accepts Gia, and the now-united family wholeheartedly prepare for Rohit and Naina's wedding. As the film progresses, Aman's health deteriorates. One episode of intense excitement nearly kills him. Naina, in a chance encounter, meets Priya, Aman's supposed wife who is actually his doctor. She then realises that Aman had lied about his being married to hide his true condition, and possibly, the fact that he may love her in return. She goes to see Aman, and although he defiantly refuses to admit his true feelings, she finally understands that he loves her as well. Aman convinces her to get married to Rohit anyway, because he will not be alive for much longer. Shortly after Rohit and Naina marry, Aman eventually dies of his weakness, with Rohit and Naina by his side. Sinjan 
 Aag (1994)Summaries Siblings Raju and Laxmi are orphaned at a very young age. Raju is in love with fellow-collegian Parul, whose marriage to Police Inspector Suryadev Singh has already been arranged. When Suryadev finds out about Raju, he arrests and imprisons him on a false charge while arranging a forced marriage with Parul. Laxmi helps Raju escape but when they reach the wedding site, they find that Parul has consumed poison and killed herself. Suryadev then sexually assaults Laxmi, leaving her mentally unstable. Raju goes into hiding in a small village, taking Laxmi with him and changing his name to Birju. Lovely village belle Bijli is attracted to him and wants to marry him, but Raju's only concern is his insane, now visibly pregnant sister. He is about to discover that his troubles aren't over yet. Soumitra It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sarfarosh (1999)541) After his brother is killed and father severely injured by terrorists, a young med student quits his studies to join the Indian Police Service to wipe out the terrorists. Ajay Rathod is a no-nonsense police officer from Mumbai Crime Branch. Long time ago his elder brother was killed by terrorists which caused him to quit his medical studies and join Indian Police Service. He is a great admirer of Pakistan-based ghazal singer Gulfam Hassan. During one of Hassan's concerts, they meet for the first time and become great friends. Meanwhile, Ajay's investigation into the Pakistan-supported cross-border terrorism takes him to Rajasthan and reveals an unsettling truth about someone close to his heart. Soumitra Ajay Singh is a student pursing his studies in the Medical field. His life takes a drastic turn when he witness the assassination of his brother with his father getting gravely injured in the process by terrorists. Ajay quit his studies and takes an enrollment into the police force as Assistant Commissioner of Police with a motive of bringing the killers of his brother to justice. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) Ajay Singh and his family own and operate "Rajri" a clothing emporium in South Bombay. Ajay is a fan of ghazal singer, Gulfam Hussain, and is thrilled to actually meet him during one of his performances. During this performance, he meets with Seema, and both fall in love. Seema is introduced to Ajay's family, and they unanimously approve of her. What Seema does not know is that Ajay is acutally Assistant Commissioner of Police, Ajay Singh Rathod, who has been assigned the task of apprehending a group of terrorists, that are being sheltered and protected by corrupt parliamentary representatives, with arms being supplied by Pakistan. Ajay does not know that the trail which he is following will lead him to Rajasthan, right into the house of the person who runs this operation - a person who is known to him. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Arms trafficking is taking place in India. An arsenal enters Indian territory via the state of Rajasthan, which makes its way to interior of India with help of many middlemen. Bala Thakur, a gun handler in Chandrapur, provides the arms to Veeran, a forest dwelling brigand. Later, Veeran and his gang attack a wedding bus, mercilessly gunning down every person in it which includes women and children. The government appoints a Special Action Team in Mumbai to trace the roots behind the attack. The team learns about Bala Thakur, but thanks to his informants, Thakur flees before he can be apprehended. Meanwhile, ACP Ajay Singh Rathod (Aamir Khan), a resident of Mumbai, is attending a concert by the famed ghazal singer Gulfam Hassan (a Muhajir), where he spots a familiar face, Seema (Sonali Bendre). Ajay had a crush over Seema when they were studying in Delhi, but never got the courage to propose to her. The duo are happy to meet each other again and gradually fall in love. Gulfam, on the other hand, is Indian by birth, but had to move to Pakistan as a child during partition. Deeply scarred due to the experience, he is still happy that the Government allows him to live in his palatial residence whenever he comes to India. Gulfam finds a huge fan in Ajay, who used to attend his programs as a child. Despite the age difference, the two bond. Inspector Salim a Muslim inspector is taken off from the Special Action Team when a notorious gangster Sultan escapes his clutches and he is severely reprimanded his superior for this failure and for causing the death of three other officers in the attempt. Despite being an honest and upright police officer with the best intelligence gathering network in the force, Salim is rueful that he is being given second class treatment because he is a Muslim and is being perceived as having let Sultan escape because he was a Muslim as well. His anger at the system doesn't lessen when Ajay, who was his junior, is told to head the team. Ajay wants Salim on the team, but Salim refuses. It is revealed that Ajay's father was going to testify against some terrorist who had threatened him not to testify, but in an attempt to stop them from doing so, Ajay's elder brother was killed. Ajay's father was kidnapped and by the time the terrorists spared him, the man had lost his voice. This motivated Ajay to join the police force. Unknown to Ajay, Gulfam is also working for the Pakistani intelligence which is attempting to create havoc in India and create a proxy war between both sides. Since Gulfam likes Ajay, he sees to it that nothing untoward happens to him. Here, Salim finds the location of Bala Thakur along with the information that Sultan, the man who escaped from his clutches, will also be there. Salim gives the information to Ajay who makes peace with Salim and convinces him to join the team again. An encounter at the criminals' rendezvous results in the death of Bala Thakur and Ajay is seriously injured. Though Sultan and his right-hand man Shiva manage to escape, the operation is deemed a success as the team is able to intercept a large consignment of lethal arms and ammunition meant for terrorist Veeran and his terrorist acts around the country. Sultan is later assassinated on Gulfams orders because of his failure and false information is leaked that he has escaped to Pakistan. While recuperating, Ajay has an epiphany which leads the team to Bahid in Rajasthan and to "Mirchi Seth" Rambandhu Gupt. The investigative team save for Ajay and Salim camp in Bahid and gather all possible information on Mirchi Seth. Ajay comes over to Bahid to investigate and meets Gulfam who is temporarily staying in his ancestral manor near Bahid. Gulfam attempts to derail the investigation through political means and ordering an assault on Ajay to subvert the investigation, but of no avail. The repeated failures on Gulfam's part displease the senior officers in Pakistani Intelligence, who dispatch Major Aslam Baig to take care of the business. Here, Ajay goes through the information collected so far and realizes that he has seen many key suspects near Gulfam, but fails to make the connection. The investigative teams prepares for a final assault on the gun-running operation and in the pursuit of Mirchi Seth land up at Gulfam's mansion. Ajay feels betrayed when he learns of Gulfam's treachery, but is aware of lack of substantial evidence to indict Gulfam for his crimes. He goads and tricks Gulfam into killing Baig and arrests him for the offense. After realizing what happened, Gulfam reveals how the incidents that happened during the partition embittered him and why he did those deeds. In retaliation, Ajay makes him realize that his actions are not benefiting people of any religion. After Ajay makes him see the error in his ways, Gulfam, unable to stand the humiliation and guilt, commits suicide. Gulfam's suicide is hushed up and the team returns triumphant to Mumbai to much accolades for busting the terrorist racket. At Mumbai Airport, Salim is tipped on the whereabouts of Veeran and Ajay embarks on another investigation with his team. 