nm0011514:

 The New Adventures of Robin Hood (19971999)Summaries The legendary outlaw and his Merry Men battle evil around Nottingham and Sherwood Forest. Robin Hood and his band of outlaws which includes Marian, Little John, and Friar Tuck, rob from the rich and give to the poor as they fight against Prince John, the Sheriff of Nottingham, and all other manner of evil people and creatures. Magic plays as much a part as the sword and the arrow. Mike "Nelson" Gulick <dagger@tiac.net> Once Merlin had made a prophecy to Arthur that another good man would help England. A couple hundred years later, one of Merlin's followers named Olwyn finds a boy of nobility named Robert who's full of hate at the men who killed his father. From this a new legend is born and from the bitter lad grows a strong leader who fights for the common man. With him are Little John, Friar Tuck, and of course, Maid Marion whom he is always denying his feelings for. They protect all from taxes, tyranny, and black magic. Max Vaughn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 3 Ninjas: High Noon at Mega Mountain (1998)Summaries The three unstoppable Ninja brothers fight to save their hero (Hulk Hogan) and Mega Mountain Amusement Park from the vicious kid-hating Medusa (Loni Anderson). Three young boys, Rocky, Colt and Tum Tum together with their neighbor girl, computer whiz Amanda are visiting Mega Mountain amusement park when it is invaded by an army of ninjas led by evil Medusa, who wants to take over the park and hold the owners for ransom. Kids and retired TV star Dave Dragon, who made his farewell appearance at the park at the time the ninjas appeared, have to break Medusa's vicious plans. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unsolved Mysteries (19872010)44) Combines dramatic re-enactments, interviews and updates, to tell stories of real mysteries, from human to the supernatural. Host Robert Stack presides over an investigation into unsolved mysteries ranging from murders to UFO sightings. Through reenactments and interviews, viewers are presented with the known facts of each case. Anyone with additional information is then urged to contact the show's producers via a toll-free telephone number. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> Hosted by Robert Stack , the show documents a handful of unsolved cases in each episode. These are true stories of unsolved crimes, missing persons, unexplained phenomena, wanted fugitives and unresolved investigations "relevant at the time of the original air dates". A compelling mystery is outlined by the host with supporting accounts from law enforcement, witnesses and family members surrounding the event in question. The audience is asked to call a tip line with any information that may help shed new light on these open-ended cases. Later episodes often include a brief update to a prior mystery. Updates typically include details leading up to the resolution of a previous "unsolved mystery." Occasionally, an update is broadcast with additional facts acquired since original air date. First broadcast in January of 1987, Unsolved Mysteries is one of the longest running programs in television and the inspiration for dozens of imitators. It is also one of the first television shows with an audience interactive call-to-action requesting viewer tips to help solve actual cases. Each episode consists of five segments profiling real-life mysteries and an update of a case which has been solved, thanks to a viewer tip. The segments are drawn from a variety of several different categories: Murder, Missing Persons, Wanted Fugitives, UFOs, Ghosts, The Unexplained (Paranormal), Missing Heirs, Amnesia, Fraud, among others. Viewers are urged to contact the series website, unsolved.com, if they have information that might help to solve a case. UM staff will forward the information to the appropriate authorities or law enforcement. John Cosgrove It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 China O'Brien (1990)Summaries A police woman, expert and instructor in martial arts, leaves the city to stay with her dad, sheriff in a town with peace and quiet - or so she thinks. She gets plenty opportunities to show her martial arts skills. China O'Brien; big city police woman; martial arts trainer, is forced to hand in her badge and head home to her father and the small town where she grew up. The peaceful town she knew is now struggling against the clutches of organized crime. When her father, the town sheriff, is killed China decides to run for his position and clean up the town. The poll results spark a series of confrontations that finally decide who runs the town . . . Mark Harding <mah@imdb.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 