nm0004482:

 The Hunger Games (2012)541) Katniss Everdeen voluntarily takes her younger sister's place in the Hunger Games: a televised competition in which two teenagers from each of the twelve Districts of Panem are chosen at random to fight to the death. In a dystopian future, the totalitarian nation of Panem is divided into 12 districts and the Capitol. Each year two young representatives from each district are selected by lottery to participate in The Hunger Games. Part entertainment, part brutal retribution for a past rebellion, the televised games are broadcast throughout Panem. The 24 participants are forced to eliminate their competitors while the citizens of Panem are required to watch. When 16-year-old Katniss' young sister, Prim, is selected as District 12's female representative, Katniss volunteers to take her place. She and her male counterpart, Peeta, are pitted against bigger, stronger representatives, some of whom have trained for this their whole lives. Suzanne Collins Set in a future North America known as "Panem", the Capitol selects a boy and a girl between the ages of 12 and 18 from each of the twelve outlying districts to compete in the annual "Hunger Games", a televised fight-to-the-death. The film is centered around Katniss Everdeen - a 16-year-old girl from District 12, who volunteers for her 12-year-old sister, Prim, when Prim's name is chosen - and Katniss's fellow District 12 tribute, Peeta Mellark, with whom she has some rather dramatic history. Katniss is then rushed to the Capitol, where she undergoes intense training before being thrust into the arena to fight to become the victor of the seventy-fourth annual Hunger Games. fallgeek In order to control future rebellions by remembering the past rebellion, the Powers That Be of the dystopian society of Panem force two youngsters from each of the twelve districts to participate in The Hunger Games. The rules are very simple: the twenty-four players must kill each other and survive in the wilderness until only one remains. The games are broadcast through the Capital and the twelve districts to entertain and intimidate the population. In District 12, teenager Katniss Everdeen is a great hunter and archer. When her younger sister, Primrose Everdeen, is selected as one of the "tributes" of their district, Katniss volunteers to take her place in the games. Together with Peeta Mellark, they head by train to the Capital to be prepared for the brutal game. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Hunger Games begins on the day of the reaping in District 12. Katniss Everdeen, the story's 16-year-old narrator, sets out to meet her friend Gale so they can do some hunting and gathering before the reaping that afternoon. As Katniss makes her way from her home to the Meadow and, finally, to the woods, where people of the district are forbidden to go, we learn about Katniss' life in the impoverished part of her district, the Seam, and her family. She thinks about her sister Prim, who is 4 years younger, and her mother, both of whom have depended upon Katniss for survival ever since Katniss' father died in a mine explosion when she was 11. The reaping is a nerve-wracking time because it determines which boy and girl, ages 12 to 18, will serve as the district's tributes in the Hunger Games. Two tributes are drawn in each of the 12 districts, and those tributes are sent to an arena where they fight until only one tribute remains alive. The victor gets to return home, and the victor's district is showered with gifts - namely food. The Games, put on by the Capitol, are meant to punish the 12 districts of Panem as well as to remind them of the Dark Days and how the 13th district was obliterated for its uprising against the tyrannical and cruel Capitol. Against all odds, Prim's name is selected at the reaping. Katniss volunteers to take the place of her younger sister and becomes District 12's girl tribute for the 74th Hunger Games. Peeta Mellark, a boy Katniss' age and the son of the baker, is selected as the other tribute. She remembers Peeta and the kindness he demonstrated toward her when they were children, giving her a burnt piece of bread so that she wouldn't starve. Peeta's selection doesn't bode well for Katniss, who feels that she owes Peeta for saving her life when they were children, which is inconvenient considering she's now expected to kill him in the Hunger Games. Before she leaves, Katniss says goodbye to her mother and Prim; to Madge, the mayor's daughter who gives her the mockingjay pin, a recurring symbol in the novel; to Peeta's father the baker; and to Gale, for whom her feelings are already conflicted, wavering between friendship and love. Katniss and Peeta ride the train to the Capitol. On the train, Katniss experiences luxury like she's never known and gets to eat the richest, most decadent food. They both get to know Effie Trinket, their escort, and Haymitch Abernathy, their drunk mentor and the lone surviving Hunger Games winner from their district who, after seeing that Katniss and Peeta have some fight in them, promises he will sober up enough to help them survive the Games. After they arrive at the Training Center, Katniss and Peeta meet their stylists. Katniss is pleasantly surprised when she meets Cinna, a young man who dresses simply and wears very little makeup compared with the other stylists. In a strategy that has never been used before, Katniss and Peeta are presented as a pair during the opening ceremonies. They race through the Capitol in a chariot holding hands, their outfits blazing in fake flames, earning Katniss her nickname "girl on fire." Their entrance becomes the highlight of the opening ceremonies. After the ceremonies, the tributes begin their training. Haymitch coaches Katniss and Peeta together, per their request, and instructs them to keep their biggest strengths a secret from the other tributes. For Katniss, this means staying away from archery. After many years of hunting game in the woods, her prowess with the bow and arrow are unrivaled. The Gamemakers reward her skills, and her feistiness, with a score of 11 out of 12 during her private session with them. Peeta's biggest asset is his strength, so he stays away from weight lifting while he's around the other tributes. Haymitch tells them to remain together at all times, too. They are to appear inseparable, which, as the training goes on, becomes increasingly tiring for Katniss, who can't decide whether Peeta's kindness and compliments are genuine or simply a part of a scheme for winning the Games. 
 Adventureland (2009)541) In the summer of 1987, a college graduate takes a 'nowhere' job at his local amusement park, only to find it's the perfect course to get him prepared for the real world. In 1987, James Brennan's dreams of a summer European tour before studying at an Ivy League school in New York City are ruined after his parents have a severe career setback. As a result, James must get a summer job to cover his upcoming expenses at the decrepit local amusement park, Adventureland, where he falls in love with a witty co-worker, Emily Lewin. In that bizarrely shady workplace, the young carnies have unforgettable and painful learning experiences about life, love and trust while James discovers what he truly values. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It's the beginning of the summer 1987 in Pittsburgh. Young adult James Brennan, who is inexperienced in more ways than one including being a virgin, has just graduated from college with a degree in comparative literature. His parents are sending him to Europe for a six week vacation as a graduation present before he heads to New York City to attend Columbia's graduate program in journalism. He is taking the trip and sharing an apartment in NYC with his best friend Eric, James' half of the rent being paid for by his parents. As his parents announce they can no longer financially support him, the trip is definitely off, but his stint at Columbia is placed into jeopardy unless he can make enough money both over the summer and in NYC to pay rent. With no marketable job skills, he takes the only summer job he can get, at a third rate amusement park called Adventureland as one of the many games operators. At Adventureland, James believes he's died and gone to hell until he meets fellow games operator Emily Lewin, to who he is attracted. Not having any real experience with women, James is taken under the wing of the park's good looking maintenance man, married Mike Connell. As James and Em embark on what looks to be a relationship, secrets that Em and Connell are keeping as well as an encounter James has with Lisa P., a fellow parks worker who is the dream girl of every red blooded man in the park, may jeopardize James and Em's relationship. But James' experience at the park that summer may also provide him with a clearer picture of what he really wants and needs in his immediate future. Huggo To save money for graduate school, the studious twentysomething, James Brennan, has to call off the long-awaited trip in Europe, and instead, get a summer job in late-1980s Pittsburgh. With a heavy heart, James is forced to accept the only job available at Adventureland--the local ramshackle theme park--and before long, the sweet and alluringly distant co-worker, Em Lewin, catches his eye. Will James find love and the adventure of a lifetime in an amusement park where nobody ever wins? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is the summer of 1987 and James Brennan (Jesse Eisenberg) has just graduated with a comparative literature degree from Oberlin College. He is looking forward to touring Europe for the summer and going to Columbia University for graduate school in journalism when his parents (Wendie Malick and Jack Gilpin) announce they won't be able to help him financially. James looks for summer jobs, but can only find one, at Adventureland, a local amusement park in his hometown of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania where his childhood friend Frigo (Matt Bush), who has a habit of punching James in the testicles, works. James is hired immediately by the assistant manager, Bobby (Bill Hader), and is assigned to the games area. He meets some of his co-workers: the dry and sarcastic Joel (Martin Starr), Bobby's wife and manager of Adventureland, Paulette (Kristen Wig), Sue O'Malley (Paige Howard), Mark (Mark Miller), Lisa P. (Margarita Levieva), and the park's repairs technician Mike Connell (Ryan Reynolds), who is a part-time musician and claims to have once jammed with Lou Reed. James meets another games worker, Emily "Em" Lewin (Kristen Stewart), after she saves him from being stabbed by a disgruntled customer. She later invites him to a party at her house. During the party, Em invites him to join her in the pool. After the party ends, it's revealed that Em has been having an affair with Connell, although he is married. James goes out to a bar for a drink with Em, and while they are talking at the bar, Em is surprised to learn James is still a virgin. Connell arrives at the bar and Em wants to leave, so they go to one of Pittsburgh's three rivers close to one of the city's bridges where James kisses her. The following day, James tells Connell about his strong feelings for Em, which Connell reports to Em. Em later tells James she wants to take it slow. The next morning, Lisa P. asks James out on a date, but only lets a few people know. After James returns from the date, he learns Em had called to tell him that she regrets having rejected his feelings on their past date. James gives Em some of his marijuana to bake pot cookies to cheer her up. After a pot-induced game-playing streak, Joel is attacked by an angry customer who learns the games are rigged. When Em steps in, the customer pushes her and James defends her by punching him in the balls. The customer's friend starts chasing James who hides in Bobby's office, who then scares the customer off by threatening him with a baseball bat. Em tells James that she doesn't want to lose him. Joel sees them walking together and decides to quit. James tries to talk him out of it but Joel is angry at James for dating Lisa P. when he already loves Em. James wants to be honest and tells Em about the night he went out with Lisa P. Shocked by his honesty, Em goes to Connell's house that night to end their affair. Prompted by Frigo, the park's mentally challenged parking official tells James he saw Em and Connell doing "push-ups without any pants on" in the back of Connell's car a few weeks earlier. James goes to Connell's house and sees Em leaving, having just broken up with Connell. When James confronts Em, she is so shocked to see him there that she becomes tongue-tied and does not explain; James becomes angered by the assumed betrayal, and leaves after Em calls herself an "idiot". Later, James tells Lisa P. about the affair, but asks her not to tell anyone. Lisa P. tells her friend Kelly, and soon everybody in the park has found out and Em quits. James is heartbroken and drunkenly crashes his dad's car into a tree and passes out. The next morning, his mother wakes him up and tells him that he has to pay to fix all the damage. After getting his last paycheck, Connell tells James that he has not spoken to Em since she quit. James doesn't have enough money to go to graduate school, but heads for New York anyway. In New York City, James waits outside Em's apartment. She's surprised to see James waiting for her and is reluctant to talk to him, feeling she has ruined everything between them. James tells her that he sees her in a different way than she sees herself, that he sees the girl who saved him from getting knifed, the girl who stood up for Joel, the girl who introduced him to psychotropic cookies, and the girl who doesn't make apologies for herself. Touched, Em brings James up to her apartment. Once there, James gets out of his wet clothes, and finds she still has an Adventureland shirt. They kiss and begin to take their clothes off as the film ends, and James presumably finally loses his virginity to Em. 
 A Wrinkle in Time (2018)541) After the disappearance of her scientist father, three peculiar beings send Meg, her brother, and her friend to space in order to find him. Following the discovery of a new form of space travel as well as Meg's father's disappearance, she, her brother, and her friend must join three magical beings - Mrs. Whatsit, Mrs. Who, and Mrs. Which - to travel across the universe to rescue him from a terrible evil. 13-year-old middle school student Meg Murry struggles to adjust to both her school and home life ever since her father Alex, a renowned scientist, mysteriously disappeared while he was studying astrophysics when she was very young. Both Meg and her mother Kate believed he solved the question of humanity's existence and theorized that he was into another world. During the night, Meg's younger brother Charles Wallace welcomes Mrs. Whatsit, a red-haired stranger in an extravagant white dress, into the Murry family house. Mrs. Whatsit claims that the Tesseract, a type of space-travel Alex was working on, is real and leaves soon after. The next day, one of Meg's classmates, Calvin O'Keefe, joins them to go to the house of Mrs. Who, another strange woman who speaks only in quotations and seems to know Charles Wallace.. After the disappearance of her father, Meg Murray and her brother Charles Wallace are visited by three mystical beings. They claim to know where her father is, so Meg, Charles Wallace, and her friend go on a journey through time and space to find him. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a young Meg Murry (Lyric Wilson) with her father Alex (Chris Pine) in their garage as he is building a device. Meg is currently awaiting the arrival of her new little brother. As her mother Kate (Gugu Mbatha-Raw) walks in, Alex talks to Meg about how powerful love is. Years later, Meg (now played by Storm Reid) is 13-years-old, and Alex has been gone for four years, with his disappearance having remained a mystery. Meg goes downstairs to find her younger brother, Charles Wallace (Deric McCabe), in the kitchen. The two of them hear something on the radio about their father and him being missing. At school, the other kids taunt Meg over her father's disappearance, but particularly Veronica Kiley (Rowan Blanchard). During recess, Charles Wallace overhears two teachers talking about Alex being gone, with one of them suspecting him to be having an affair. Charles Wallace calls them out on it before bringing unwanted attention to Meg. Veronica makes a snide remark about "crazy running in the family", which prompts Meg to grab a basketball and hit Veronica in the face with it. Meg is forced to see Principal Jenkins (Andre Holland), who believes Meg has been using her father's disappearance as an excuse to act out. Meg walks out of the office before Jenkins dismisses her. Kate orders Meg to write an an apology to both Principal Jenkins and Veronica. Moments later, Charles Wallace opens the door to a stranger, a woman in a white dress with bright red hair named Mrs. Whatsit (Reese Witherspoon). She has apparently been talking to Charles Wallace for a while and knows who his mom and sister are. Mrs. Whatsit tells Kate that her husband was right and that a tesseract is real, which leaves Kate stunned. The next day, Meg and Charles Wallace are walking their dog. They meet Calvin O'Keefe (Levi Miller), a classmate of Meg's who thought it was cool that she spiked Veronica in the face. They follow Charles Wallace as he runs into the home of a woman called Mrs. Who (Mindy Kaling), a wise woman and friend of Mrs. Whatsit who studies written works from every century. The children return to the Murry house, where Calvin shares a meal with the family. Kate discusses what she and Alex had been trying to accomplish. We see a flashback to prior to Alex's disappearance where the two of them discussed with a group of other scientists the possibility of creating a tesseract in order to travel across the universe, but everyone laughed at what Alex was saying. Outside, Calvin learns that Veronica is Meg's neighbor. Meg tries to get Calvin to hide because she thinks him being seen with her will damage his reputation, but Veronica has already seen them. Soon, the children are visited by Mrs. Whatsit, Mrs. Who, and the oldest and wisest of the three, Mrs. Which (Oprah Winfrey). They tell Meg that her father is still alive and that his belief in tessering is real. The Misses declare that it is time to find Alex, and they transport the children across the universe. Everyone ends up on another planet called Uriel, which is beautiful and vibrant. The inhabitants are living flower creatures that Mrs. Whatsit communicates with. At her behest, Meg shows the flower creatures a picture of her father, whom they apparently recognize. Mrs. Whatsit transforms into a giant leaf creature and takes the kids for a ride through the sky. They find themselves flying over her back until they spot a dark cloud forming in the sky. This causes Calvin to fall, and the flower creatures catch him. Mrs. Which explains that what they saw is called "The It" (voiced by David Oyelowo), the embodiment of darkness coming from the planet Camazotz. It is responsible for the negative energy in the universe and what is keeping Alex imprisoned. We see that The It's influence spreads across Earth and is responsible for Veronica's low self-esteem, other teachers being jealous of Jenkins being promoted to principal, and Calvin's father being terrible to him for getting a less-than-perfect grade. The Misses help the kids tesser to another planet to find the Happy Medium (Zach Galifianakis). With his help, they attempt to find a balance that will allow them to locate Alex. Meg feels she is not strong enough to do so, but the Misses help her find the strength to do so. The Misses leave the children as they are tessered toward Camazotz to find Alex themselves. The three leave them with gifts, such as Mrs. Who's magnifying glasses, and Mrs. Whatsit giving Meg "her faults". Meg and Calvin become separated from Charles Wallace as they find themselves in a forest. Soon, a powerful storm happens that creates some kind of cyclone. Meg notices that it is launching trees to a cliff-side where they need to go. She convinces Calvin to hide inside a log and wait for the right moment. Sure enough, the log is shot across the land and makes it to the cliff where the two of them find Charles Wallace. The kids find themselves in a neighborhood where all the children and their mothers act in synchronization. One of the mothers tries to invite the kids inside for dinner, but they decline when they feel it could be a trap. The kids keep walking until they find themselves at a beach filled with people. They are found by a man known as Red (Michael Pena). He claims to know Alex and makes it seem like he'll take the kids to find him. Red gives them food, but Charles Wallace says it tastes like sand. Red says he has passed a test, and he takes Charles Wallace with him as he reveals he is evil. Meg and Calvin chase after them until they end up in some kind of void. Charles Wallace starts acting malicious, as he is apparently possessed by the influence of The It. Meg and Calvin are kept as prisoners, but Meg is able to move forward with the magnifying glasses to see some kind of invisible staircase and finally locate her father. The two of them reunite tearfully and embrace. They return to Calvin, but The It now has a greater hold over Charles Wallace and is threatening to keep them all as prisoners. Meg soon finds herself within the realm of The It. It uses Charles Wallace to try and manipulate Meg into joining her. It creates a "better" copy of Meg, one with straight hair, no glasses, and an improved fashion sense. Meg rejects this and tries to save Charles Wallace. Utilizing her faults, she accepts what is not great about herself, but acknowledges that Charles Wallace loves her anyway in spite of all that. Meg's love for him proves to be more powerful than The It's hold, and it is weakened, letting Charles Wallace go. The children reunite with the Misses, who congratulate them for succeeding in their mission. They are all tessered home. Veronica watches from her window and gives Meg a friendly wave. Calvin feels more confident in himself to go talk to his father and set things straight. The kids then enter the house with Alex, who reunites with Kate and kisses her. Meg looks up to the sky and says "Thank you". 
 The Hunger Games: Catching Fire (2013)541) Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark become targets of the Capitol after their victory in the 74th Hunger Games sparks a rebellion in the Districts of Panem. Twelve months after winning the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and her partner Peeta Mellark must go on what is known as the Victor's Tour, wherein they visit all the districts, but before leaving, Katniss is visited by President Snow who fears that Katniss defied him a year ago during the games when she chose to die with Peeta. With both Katniss and Peeta declared the winners, it is fueling a possible uprising. He tells Katniss that while on tour she better try to make sure that she puts out the flames or else everyone she cares about will be in danger. rcs0411@yahoo.com Katniss and Peeta's unprecedented co-victory in the 74th Hunger Games stirs an uprising. President Snow visits Katniss to threaten the lives of everyone she knows and holds dear if she doesn't do all she can to toe the line and quell the unrest. As her best efforts fail, Plutarch Heavensbee (a former games-master, now returned) meets with Snow to implement a Quarter Quell, by which to gather all former Hunger Game victors and have them eliminate each other. Katniss and Peeta end up in the Quarter Quell but must form alliances in order to survive; however, those with whom Katniss prefers to ally herself seem to be for emotional rather than tactical reasons. statmanjeff After defying the Capitol on national television, Katniss has to attempt to control an uprising stirring in the districts. When President Snow puts her family and friends in jeopardy Katniss knows she has no choice but to follow Snow's orders. Then he turns Katniss and Peeta's world upside by throwing them back into the arena with other winning tributes and there will only be one winner. Katniss plans to sacrifice her own life to save Peeta's. molly-field Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Six months after winning the 74th Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark have resumed their life in the coal mining town in District 12. As part of their victory, they now have a luxurious house in the so-called Victor's Village, where Katniss lives with her mother and sister. On the day Katniss and Peeta are set to begin a victory tour of the country, President Coriolanus Snow visits her. He explains that her approach to ending the last Hunger Games, where she and Peeta attempted a suicide pact after learning they could not both survive, inspired rebellions in the districts. He orders that Katniss not only convince the entire country of her and Peeta's love as the reason for their actions, but convince Snow himself as well; if not, her loved ones will be killed, and District 12 will be destroyed, just as District 13 was during the uprising years ago. The first stop of the tour is in District 11, former home of Rue, Katniss' 12-year-old ally who was killed in the previous games. After Katniss and Peeta voice their personal thoughts regarding both the districts' fallen tributes, a man in the crowd whistles the tune Katniss and Rue shared to ensure each another of their safety, and makes the three-finger salute of District 12. Everyone follows the man's example until a Peacekeeper shoots the man dead, leaving Katniss angry, afraid, and upset. Their mentor, Haymitch Abernathy, informs Katniss and Peeta that they must display their relationship for the remainder of their lives. Katniss proposes a public engagement between herself and Peeta, which is carried out and celebrated at Snow's home in the Capitol. There, Katniss meets with the new Game-maker, Plutarch Heavensbee, who has specifically requested the position, in spite of his predecessor, Seneca Crane, ending up dead due to his inability to control the ending of the previous Hunger Games. Upon returning to District 12, Katniss warns her close friend, Gale Hawthorne, of President Snow's threat to kill both their families. In the meanwhile, Heavensbee assists President Snow in his efforts to quell the uprising in the District. His strategy is to taint Katniss' public image, in an attempt to destroy her as symbol for the uprising. To that end, Peacekeepers crack down in District 12, causing Gale to be publicly whipped after attacking newly placed Head Peacekeeper Romulus Thread. However, Katniss and Haymitch intervene, making them even stronger advocates for rebellion. That evening, Snow devises a different strategy; if Katniss refuses to play by his rules, he will get rid of her by other means. He announces Panem's third Quarter Quell, a version of the Hunger Games every 25 years that contains a special provision: all tributes are selected from the existing pool of victors. Since Katniss is the only surviving female victor of District 12, this means she is a tribute by default. She immediately devotes herself to ensuring Peeta becomes the Quarter Quell's victor, should he compete in the games. At the reaping, Katniss and Haymitch are reaped by chaperon Effie Trinket. However, Peeta volunteers to take Haymitch's place and is sent directly to the train with Katniss, without a chance to say goodbye to their loved ones. This also cancels their wedding, which was supposed to take place the next day. Katniss and Peeta are taken to the capital city, ride the parade again and are forced into training. They meet their fellow victors from the other Districts. The two of them are immediately wanted as allies by the majority of the tributes, although some of them are old, weak or ill-suited for the physical match. Still, she finds that some of them, while lacking in brute strength, may have valuable surviving skills. During their individual evaluations, Peeta creates a drawing of a deceased Rue covered in flowers on the floor; an emotion-stricken Katniss creates a puppet in the likeness of Seneca Crane, and suspends it by its neck on the ceiling, as a a warning to a stunned Heavensbee. During the personal interviews with Caesar Flickerman, Katniss wears a wedding dress (as ordered to by President Snow). As a special effect, her designer Cinna has designed it to turn into a costume resembling a Mockingjay, which has become a symbol of silent protest against the Capitol. When it is time for Peeta's interview, he reveals (falsely) that Katniss is pregnant, which incites an overwhelming reaction from the public to cancel the game; however, President Snow orders that the game proceed anyway. Before entering the arena, as the pedestal rises, Katniss witnesses Thread and his men entering the room and beating Cinna to death, in punishment over his controversial dress design for Katniss. Katniss is devastated, but unable to stop them. She ends up in the arena, which is a tropical forrest with a central salt water lake, with an island in the middle containing the Cornucopia. The games start in the usual chaotic way, with most tributes going for weapons at the Cornucopia, resulting in a lot of initial deaths. Katniss and Peeta manage to survive the first wave of killings, and hide inside the forrest. Snow hopes that Katniss will kill and betray as many other tributes as possible to stay alive, and thereby make herself unpopular. However, as the games get underway, Katniss and Peeta ally with Finnick Odair and Mags, both from District 4. They find that the arena is a dome protected by electrical orcefields; Peeta nearly dies after hitting the field, but is resussitated by Finnick. Later that night, they are attacked by a chemical weapon made up of a fog of painful poisonous gas. Mags sacrifices herself early on, allowing the others to escape. The remaining trio rests in the middle of the forest where they are attacked by mandrills. During the attack the woman from District 6, a camouflage expert and drug addict, sacrifices her life for Peeta. After they escape the mandrills and rest at the beach, they are met by District 3's intelligent tributes, Wiress and Beetee, and District 7's female tribute, the cunning Johanna Mason. Johanna tells about how her group was surprised by a rain of blood, causing them to become blinded, and one tribute getting killed by an electric forcefield. The group subsequently witnesses a large flooding, killing an unknown tribute in one section on the other side of the jungle. Wiress discovers that the arena is designed like a clock and every hour a specific attack occurs in its designated section. The other group of tributes then launches a suprise attack, causing several deaths in both teams, including Wiress. Heavensbee causes the Cornucopia island to start spinning violently. The spinning causes the team to break apart. Finnick and Katniss make it to the jungle, to be subsequently lured into the woods by screams from their respective girlfriend and sister; however, it appears that they are fooled by jabberjays, genetically engineered birds that mimic the sounds of human voices. They re-group with the others. Beetee suggests a plan to electrocute the two remaining tributes outside the alliance, District 2's Brutus and Enobaria, by connecting a wire to a tree that is struck by lightning at noon and midnight each day. Beetee secures the wire to the tree, and Katniss and Johanna are required to take the other end back to the beach. The plan fails when the wire snaps, cut by Brutus and Enobaria, who are ready to kill Katniss. However, Johanna suddenly attacks Katniss, but cuts the tracker out of her arm and smears blood on her neck. With Katniss appearing dead, Johanna lures the other tributes away. After recovering enough to track down Peeta, Katniss finds the rest missing and Beetee unconscious. Finnick approaches and Katniss draws her bow, no longer knowing who she can trust, but hesitates to shoot. The storm clouds swirl and the lightning bolt starts to form. She quickly attaches the remaining wire to an arrow and shoots it at the force field during the lightning strike. This causes a massive blackout in the dome, and the arena to shut down. President Snow enters the game room demanding answers, only to find that the game is off the air and Heavensbee is gone. Due to the impact of the electric blast, Katniss is near unconsciousness, but witnesses the arena dome starting to crumble. In her last waking moment, she notices an aircraft entering and picking her up. She awakens in an aircraft with an unconscious Beetee. Upon entering the cockpit she finds Haymitch, Finnick and Plutarch Heavensbee, who reveals himself as an ally and a turncoat-rebel against Snow. Learning she is on her way to District 13, and Johanna and Peeta were taken away by the Capitol, she attempts to attack Haymitch for not fulfilling his promise of returning Peeta home safely. Plutarch sedates her and she awakens days later with Gale by her side, who informs that her family is safe but District 12 has been destroyed by a government airstrike. 