nm0009512:

 Mirrors (I) (2008)431) An ex-cop and his family are the target of an evil force that is using mirrors as a gateway into their home. In New York, the former NYPD detective Ben Carson is hired to work as night watch of the remains of the Mayflower Department Store that was partially destroyed by fire many years ago. Ben became alcoholic and was retired from the police force after killing a man in a shooting. His marriage was also destroyed and now he is living in the apartment of his younger sister Angie. However he has not been drinking for three months and sees the employment as a chance to rebuild his life. When he goes to the rounds in his first night, he finds that the mirrors are impeccably clean and his colleague explains that the former night watch was obsessed with the mirrors. After a couple of nights, Ben sees weird images in the mirrors, but due to the lack of credibility of his past, his ex-wife Amy believes he has hallucinations as a side effect of his medication. When Angie is found brutally murdered in her bathtub, Ben discovers that there is an evil force in the mirror that is chasing him and jeopardizing his family. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Ben Carson is an ex-police detective in New York whose alcoholism made him incompetent on the job and caused him to kill a man. Now he's trying to get his life in order. He's living with his kid sister to save money. He's taking medication to wean himself off the booze. Most important, he's trying to win back the trust of his estranged wife, a medical examiner, and maintain a loving relationship with his two young children. To make money while waiting for reinstatement, he takes a job as a night watchman at a department store gutted by fire. That was a mistake. He is soon tormented by the same supernatural mirrors that plagued his predecessor. The images in these mirrors do not reflect reality as we know it. The images will stare back at you, but remain in the mirror when you walk away. The images will even try to kill you. Soon, Ben Carson finds that the mirrors' demons follow him everywhere in every reflective surface. They're willing to harass him and his family until they get what they want. Ben's job is to find out exactly what that is. J. Spurlin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A man is running away, escaping from something. He then runs into a locker room, where all of the lockers open to show his reflection. To his horror, the room's largest mirror begins to crack as he approaches it; he desperately apologizes to his reflection therein for running away in hopes of forgiveness, and begins fervently cleaning the mirrors. A piece of the mirror then falls off. Trying to redeem himself, he picks up the shard with the intention of putting it back on the mirror. However, his reflection slowly slashes his own throat, and the man dies, experiencing the effects of his throat being slashed despite not doing it himself. Meanwhile, sometime later, Ben Carson (Kiefer Sutherland), a former undercover detective who was suspended after shooting another officer, is forced to take a night time security job at a department store that was gutted by a fire. The department store used to be a psychiatric hospital that experimented in treating schizophrenia. In 1952, a mass killing took place and the hospital was closed. It was later reopened as a luxury department store, the Mayflower. Carson comments on the pristine mirrors throughout the store, and the guard comments that the man Carson is replacing was obsessed with cleaning them. Carson's round begins normally, though on his first night he sees a door open in a mirror's reflection while it is actually closed. After investigating, he finds nothing. Following nights expose Carson to more intense visions, which he initially shrugs off as hallucinations (due to a strong drug he started taking as a result of his alcohol dependency). He notices mysterious handprints on the mirror. Curious, he touches them, causing the mirror to break and injure his hand. Carson further hallucinates being set on fire, as well as seeing victims in various parts of the store who were burned to death. Afterwards, he finds the wallet of Gary Lewis (the man who dies at the beginning of the film), the night watchman he is replacing. The only piece of information is a note that says "Esseker." Ben then receives a package from Gary Lewis that was sent several days before his death. The package contains newspaper clippings about the fire and other crimes. The man convicted of burning the Mayflower was also convicted of killing his wife and children. Carson tells his younger sister (whos apartment he is staying at) about what he sees, believing that it is not him looking into the mirrors, but rather, someone is looking at him. However, his sister is unconvinced. Later, he decides to see the body of Gary Lewis at the morgue (where his wife works), and she reluctantly agrees to let him see Gary Lewis and the photos of his death. He notices in the photo of Gary Lewis' body, that in the reflection of the mirror, the glass shard is bloody, but the one in reality is not. This convinces him that the mirrors are actually making people do things to themselves that they aren't actually doing. Meanwhile, Angela (Amy Smart), Ben Carson's sister, is getting in the bath and begins to relax, when her reflection grips her jaw and begins to slowly tear it off, killing her. After arriving on the scene the next morning to see his sister's body, he returns to the store and attempts to destroy the mirrors, but they prove impervious and even regenerate from several bullets he fires at them. He demands to know what the mirrors want, and ESSEKER is written on the mirror. Ben investigates and finds the name Anna Esseker, a patient of the psychiatric institute. She supposedly died in the mass killing, but Ben discovers that she was actually transferred out two days prior to the event. After Angela's death, he realizes that the mirrors will eventually kill his family if he does not bring Anna Esseker to them. He goes to his wife's home and attempts to remove or paint the surface of every mirror in the house, but his estranged wife Amy (Paula Patton) believes that he is undergoing a breakdown. He tries to show Amy what happens when he tries to break the mirrors by shooting them, but nothing happens and she does not believe him. He looks in the window of his house and sees his children looking at him. Ben then leaves in frustration and embarrassment. However, Amy starts to believe Ben when she discovers her son Michael talking to his reflection. After calling him away, Michaels reflection remains, smiling at her. Amy calls Ben in a panic, who immediately returns home, and together they cover every reflective surface in the house. Shortly after, Ben discovers Anna Esseker's home, but she is not there. The owner of the house says that when Anna was here strange things would happen with the mirrors, so they tried to get her help. The doctor's treatment was to lock Anna in a room of mirrors. Whatever was in her, left her and "entered" the mirrors. After that, Esseker was sent to a convent, where mirrors are not permitted. After finding Anna, she explains to Ben that she was possessed by a demon, and while in the hospital she was confined to a chair in a room which was surrounded by mirrors, as the doctors' believed this treatment would cure her schizophrenia by forcing her to confront her own reflection. In reality, the demon within her was drawn from her and became trapped in the mirrors. Ben begs Anna to come back to the department store so that the demon will leave his family alone, though Anna refuses. Meanwhile, Ben's family is attacked by the mirrors. Because he feels the demon in the mirrors is a friend, Michael cleans the paint from all reflective surfaces with a butcher knife and turns all the faucets on, covering the floor with a thin, reflective layer of water. Amy is almost drowned by Michael's reflection in the bathtub, but she saves herself by pulling the drain plug. Meanwhile, a reflection of Amy almost slashes her daughter's throat but the real Amy manages to save her. Amy calls Ben for help, and he abducts Anna at gunpoint. Anna returns to the mirror room and tells Ben to strap her tight, then leave immediately. Amy finds Michael playing in the water. Michael is pulled through the surface of the water by his own reflection and is trapped on the other side, underwater. As Anna opens her eyes and becomes repossessed, the mirrors explode. Ben returns to the mirror room and discovers that the demon is now crawling on the ceiling and walls and has superhuman strength. Ben shoots at it but fails to wound the demon. He then impales it on a broken steam pipe that ignites a nearby gas line. He tries to escape the crumbling building but the demon attacks again and he is forced to fight it off. The building gives away and various rubble comes down on the demon, killing it, and supposedly Ben as well. At the family's home, Amy claws at the surface of the water in an attempt to rescue her drowning son. Suddenly, Michael is released from the other side of the reflection and Amy is able to pull him to safety and revive him with CPR. Ben finally pulls himself out of the rubble and stumbles his way out of the building. Police and firemen are everywhere in the street, and a body is seen taken in a bag by paramedics, but nobody stops Ben as he leaves. He realizes that something is different because the name on a badge is written in reverse (like a mirror), so is the word "Police" on a car; his hand wound from earlier in the movie is on the opposite hand. Ben then realizes that he was crushed to death under the rubble and is now trapped in the mirror world. Fleeing the scene, he happens upon a mirror in town, and he can not see his reflection. He places his hand on it. The scene then changes to the real world and the audience sees Ben's hand print on the mirror. The camera pans and credits roll. 
 Walking with the Enemy (2013)Summaries A young man, separated from his family in World War II, disguises himself as a Nazi S.S. Officer and uncovers more than just his family whereabouts. A powerful new film inspired by a true story. This feature follows the heroic lives of a world leader and a young man swept up in the horrors of WWII. Both men are from Hungary--a country and German ally that had been spared the atrocities orchestrated by Hitler throughout much of Europe. As the war reaches its climax, Germany begins to doubt the loyalties of the Hungarian leadership-in particular Regent Horthy (Academy Award winner Ben Kingsley). The Regent tries to navigate his country between the growing terror of Nazi Germany and the oppressive threat of communist Russia. He is ultimately faced with ceding power to another political party or accepting the execution of his son. As the crisis unfolds, thousands of his citizens are forced underground or put into ghettos. One of them is a young man named Elek Cohen (Jonas Armstrong) who is separated from his family and determined to find them. Aided by the woman he loves (Hannah Tointon), Elek disguises himself as a Nazi SS officer and discovers the truth of Hitler's "Final Solution." In a race against time to save his family and thousands of his countrymen, he embarks on a journey filled with suspense and danger. An inspirational film of love, war, and sacrifice, WALKING WITH THE ENEMY is an unforgettable experience for audiences. Liberty Studios It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hellraiser: Deader (2005 Video)431) A journalist uncovers an underground group who can bring back the dead and slowly becomes drawn into their world. In London, after doing an article about crack junkies for her newspaper, investigative journalist Amy Klein watches a bizarre videotape showing footage of an underground sect in Bucharest-whose members apparently turn into zombies through the mystic powers of their leader Winter. Her editor Charles Richmond obtained the tape from a follower named Marla, and now invites Amy to run the story as a scoop. She accepts, but upon her arrival in Romania she finds Marla dead with a strange cube in her hands. After retreating in her hotel room, Amy finally opens the artefact-thus initiating her journey into Hell's domain. zegerdesmedt In London, after investigating crack addicted junkies for an article in her newspaper, the journalist Amy Klein watches a bizarre videotape. Her editor Charles Richmond received the footage of an underground group of youngsters in Bucharest apparently becoming zombies through the power of their leader Winter from a member, Marla, and invites Amy to prepare the story. Amy accepts the challenge, and once in Romania, she finds Marla dead with a puzzle cube in her hands. She brings the object to her hotel room, and opens it, beginning her journey to hell. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. "Hellraiser: Deader" begins in a crack den with a woman taking pictures of certain events which took place within including a murder. She is revealed to be a newspaper reporter named Amy who then writes an article entitled "How to be a Crack Whore." She works for a boss who gives her a bizarre video of a cult of "Deaders." The video shows a ritual of a woman being brainwashed and then shot to death, then molested, and then brought back to life. Amy is appalled but smells a story and leaves for Romania where it took place. She goes to a rundown apartment after bribing he landlord to let her in for 5 minutes. She goes into the bathroom and finds the hanged corpse of Marla, the person who took the video. She sees that the corpse of Marla is clutching the magical puzzle box. After prying the box from her hands and taking her video journal, Marla's voice comes alive and attacks her. Amy escapes and watches the video in which a then-alive Marla tells the viewer not to open the box. Amy, overcome with curiosity, opens the box, only for hooked chains to spread of and impale her in the head. Pinhead appears and warns her that she is in danger. Amy then awakens, the event obviously have been a dream. Amy goes to a corrupt subway where she meets a man named Joey in a crack orgy den. he seems unresponsive, telling her to stop digging, until she shows him the puzzle box. He tells her of the cult leader, Winter. After leaving the train, she sees Winter in the subway, throwing him at a train. She is arrested by cops who believe she is crazy. Her boss arrives and bails her out. Amy then goes to follow an earlier lead to an abandoned building. She enters an underground labyrinth into darkness. She becomes trapped and is stabbed by a shadowy figure. She awakens from this hallucination unscathed. However, she does run into a man who is a member of the Deader cult. He brings her to Winter who explains that he knows who she is. He recognizes the puzzle box and believes himself to be a messiah who can bring people back to life from suicide. Winter and his cult hold her down and attempt to stab her, but she awakens in a bathtub, this event being a hallucination as well. Amy then goes to bed in her hotel room and has nightmares of a time in which she was raped by her father as a little girl. However, she awakens when a knife is stabbed through her back. She painstakingly manages to take it out and frantically tries to stop the bleeding.Pinhead appears and tells her that her soul belongs to him, and that he has prevented her from dying of her wound as the Deaders have found a way into the cenobite realm and their only missing link is Amy. She goes to the train station to ask Joey for help, but he refuses and vanishes. She is found and sent to an asylum where she meets the ghost of Marla who explains that it was her who stabbed her in the back. Amy is visited in the asylum by her boss once more who leaves her on her own. Amy meets Marla who explains that the Deaders need Amy to open the puzzle box, as only she can solve it. The asylum vanishes and Amy flees, seeing that her wound has reopened. She remembers after her father raped her, she stabbed him to death and falls unconscious. Amy awakens in the Deaders' hideout, where she is given the knife by Winter to stab herself and become a Deader. She refuses and throws the box, causing it to open and summon the Cenobites. Pinhead appears and tears apart Winter with hooked chains as well as all the Deaders. Pinhead then approaches Amy, telling her that he is here to take her to hell for opening the box. She seizes the knife and stabs herself, killing herself and causing the cenobites to be brought back through the portal they entered. In another news report, it is reported that Amy's body was never found, leaving her ending ambiguous. Her boss then seeks out another reporter to research the Deaders, believing they may still be out there. 
 The Crucifixion (2017)Summaries When Nicole comes in contact with Father Anton (Corneliu Ulici) more and more inexplicable events occur. The pair begin to believe that the priest lost the battle with a demon. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 