nm0003202:

 Spider-Man 3 (2007)761) A strange black entity from another world bonds with Peter Parker and causes inner turmoil as he contends with new villains, temptations, and revenge. Peter Parker has finally managed to piece together the once-broken parts of his life, maintaining a balance between his relationship with Mary-Jane and his responsibility as Spider-Man. But more challenges arise for our young hero. Peter's old friend Harry Obsourne has set out for revenge against Peter; taking up the mantle of his late father's persona as The New Goblin, and Peter must also capture Uncle Ben's real killer, Flint Marko, who has been transformed into his toughest foe yet, the Sandman. All hope seems lost when suddenly Peter's suit turns jet-black and greatly amplifies his powers. But it also begins to greatly amplify the much darker qualities of Peter's personality that he begins to lose himself to. Peter has to reach deep inside himself to free the compassionate hero he used to be if he is to ever conquer the darkness within and face not only his greatest enemies, but also...himself. Dark-Spidey Peter Parker is finally happy: he is doing well at the school, his girlfriend MJ Watson loves him and the whole city loves his crime-fighting alter-ego Spider-Man, finally bestowing upon him the praise he so rightly deserves. Apart from this, he has made some new foes and rivals . His former friend-turned-foe Harry Osborn has become the New Goblin and wants to avenge his father by killing Spider-Man. On one night, an alien symbiote from outer space crash lands in Peter's vicinity and attaches itself to his Spider suit, turning it black in colour and enhancing its powers. Flint Marko, a fugitive, is turned into The Sandman when he gets subjected to a molecular lab experiment. Incidentally, Marko is the person who is revealed to have killed Peter's uncle Ben and now Peter wants revenge. Peter's job as a freelance photographer with The Daily Bugle is taken by Eddie Brock. Peter also learns that apart from enhancing his powers the black symbiote has also brought out the dark side within him which causes him to ruthlessly manages to throw Eddie out of his job. When MJ breaks up with him, he starts dating his fellow student Gwen Stacy who was Edie's ex, to make them both jealous. Soon Peter must decide whether he should let his dark side to dominate his personality or not. Soumitra Life finally feels good for Peter Parker. He has managed to balance life as both Spider-Man and as Mary Jane's boyfriend. He is even planning on proposing to MJ. But life isn't always going to be easy for the webbed hero. Harry Osborn still hasn't forgiven Peter for the death of his father. He has developed the perfect technology and crowns himself the 'New Goblin'. Harry isn't the only problem. It is revealed that an escaped convict, Flint Marko is the real killer of Peter's uncle. After an accident, he is now the invincible 'Sandman', who has teamed up with Venom to target the superhero, who is struggling to handle his life. Film_Fan It's been five years since the life-altering incident in Spider-Man (2002) , and only a few months since Dr Otto Octavius' Utopian dream in Spider-Man 2 (2004) , and now, things are looking up for Peter Parker and Mary Jane for a change. However, with Peter's former best friend, Harry Osborn, still holding a grudge, the Sandman, a powerful, shape-shifting mega-criminal who has strong ties to Parker's painful past, enters the picture, bent on terrorising the city. And, as if that weren't enough, a resurrected Green Goblin thirsts for revenge and a mysterious, parasitic black goo affixes itself to Peter's red-and-blue spider-suit, affecting his personality. Can the amazing Spider-Man survive the poison within? Nick Riganas A year has passed since Spider-Man has saved New York from a fatal catastrophe and Otto Octavius has sacrificed his life to stop his nuclear experiment from destroying the city. Peter's life has been going great for him, he has finally entered a relationship with Mary Jane and he has been doing great in school. Most of all, Peter is finally being appreciated in his role as Spider-Man. Peter plans on asking Mary Jane to marry him. However, Peter's friendship with Harry has suffered due to what happened to Norman Osborn. Harry tries to get revenge on Peter for killing his father, but the fight ends badly when Harry gets amnesia and he doesn't remember his hatred towards Spider-Man. Peter's happiness becomes short-lived when a rival photographer tries to steal his spot on the Daily Bugle and a strange black substance starts bonding with Peter, his Spider-Man costume becomes pitch black, bringing out a very dark and vengeful side of his personality. Peter must choose to go back to his heroic ways or let the black suit consume him. At the same time, Spider-Man has to stop Flint Marko aka Sandman after breaking out of prison and for accidentally killing Peter's Uncle Ben four years ago. dawsonpersi Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Months after the events of Spider-Man 2, Peter Parker (Tobey Maguire) attends the opening night of Mary-Jane Watson's (Kirsten Dunst) new Broadway show, Manhattan Memories. Also attending is Harry Osborn (James Franco) who recently found out about Peter's secret identity and has accused him of murdering his father, Norman Osborn (Willem Dafoe), who was also the menacing villain, the Green Goblin. As Peter leaves the show, he sees Harry, and runs up to him. He asks Harry to hear his side of the story, but Harry rejects him and leaves. Once home, Harry is seen stepping out of a gas chamber, his muscles considerably larger and with a look of confidence on his face. Peter goes backstage and catches up with MJ, before the two go to a park. Peter spins them a hammock with his spider powers, and the two lay in it, stargazing. As the couple leans in for a kiss, behind them a meteor falls nearby. Unknown to them, a strange, black substance crawls out of the meteor, attaching itself to Peter's moped as he and MJ leave. Meanwhile, Flint Marko (Thomas Haden Church), an escaped convict, climbs through his sick daughter's bedroom window and watches her sleep with machines attached to help her breathe. After a few minutes, he goes into the kitchen to find some food, but is caught by his wife, Emma. He tries to tell her that he was wrongly accused for the apparent murder of a man, but Emma isn't convinced and his daughter opens her bedroom door; she hands Marko a small locket with her picture in it, and Marko promises that he will find the money to make her better again, somehow, but Emma demands he leave. Peter arrives at his Aunt May's (Rosemary Harris) apartment and tells her that he is planning to propose to MJ. May tells him that he needs to put her before himself, and he convinces himself that he can do it. May then tells him the story of how Peter's Uncle Ben (Cliff Robertson) proposed to her. When she is finished, she tells Peter to make the proposal very special to Mary Jane, and hands him her wedding ring as a gift for MJ. Driving back to his apartment, Peter is whisked off his moped by a masked figure on some sort of hover board. The masked figure throws Peter into a wall, and then reveals himself as Harry, or the New Goblin. Peter and Harry fight through the streets of New York until Peter is able to topple Harry off his hover board, knocking him unconscious. Peter takes him to a hospital and watches as they try and revive Harry. At the same time, Flint Marko is running from the cops through the marshlands (fenced test facility). He climbs a security fence, and then falls into a concrete pit, landing on a pile of sand at the bottom. The pit is revealed to be a particle accelerator, and Flint is caught inside it as research tests are begun. When the police finally reach the accelerator, Marko is nowhere to be seen amongst the sand - he appears to have deteriorated into the sand. Peter is told that Harry will be okay, and is led into the ward where Harry lies. Harry has lost his memory, and so he and Peter begin to get along just like the old days. Mary Jane arrives and then she and Peter are asked to leave; Harry tells the nurse that he would give his life for his two best friends. The pile of sand in the particle accelerator stirs later that morning, and a humanoid shape rises out of the sand. It is Flint Marko, transformed into the Sandman. He sees a small glitter in the sand, and realises that it is the locket that Penny gave him. He picks it up and attempts to stand, willed by his love for his daughter. He regains his human appearance, and starts learning how to walk again. Back at Peter's apartment, Peter is admiring the ring he is planning to give to MJ when she knocks on his door. He lets her in and she enters, flustered. She reads out a rather negative review of her performance in the play from the previous night; Peter uses his experiences as Spider-Man to try and comfort her, but MJ gets even more upset. Just when she thinks Peter is about to understand, Peter's illegal police band monitor goes off and reports about an out-of-control crane in midtown. Peter gives MJ a sympathetic look and then changes into his costume, swinging off through the city. MJ pauses as she leaves, startled by a small bang, but dismisses it almost instantly. What she doesn't see is the meteoric black substance crawling down the back of Peter's desk and into the shadows of the closet. In midtown, across the road from and completely unaware of the out-of-control crane, Peter's lab partner in science, Gwen Stacy (Bryce Dallas Howard), is having a photoshoot in an office building. A giant steel girder slams through the windows behind her, and then drops down another floor and smashes out the floor supports below. The corner of the building drops, and Gwen slides down to the edge of the building and hangs on with all her might. Just as she falls, Spider-Man swings in and catches her, and sets her down. Spider-Man is approached by Eddie Brock (Topher Grace), Gwen's alleged boyfriend, who tells Spidey that he is the new photographer of Spider-Man. Spider-Man swings off, annoyed with this new photographer, and then goes to the Daily Bugle to deliver the editor some photos of the crane accident. When he arrives, it turns out that Brock has gotten there first, and J. Jonah Jameson (J.K. Simmons) chooses Brock's photo over Peter's. Brock explains that he would like a staff job, and Jameson tells the two photographers that if either of them wants the staff job then they will have to get a picture of Spider-Man committing a crime. Peter tells Brock that he doesn't have a chance at getting the photo, and Peter goes to Times Square. There, he sees a sign saying Spider-Man is to receive the Key to the City. Peter then goes to take Harry back to his penthouse apartment and the two hang out there. Peter gives Harry his old basketball, and throws it to him in the living room. It knocks into a vase and knocks the vase off and Harry effortlessly catches both the ball and the vase. He marvels at his skill, worrying Peter. Mary Jane goes to the theatre to attend a rehearsal session, but discovers that after several bad critic reviews she has been fired from the show and replaced. She leaves the theatre, and is startled when she meets a round of applausefrom the crowd, but is disheartened as Spider-Man swings by and she realizes the applause is actually for him. She storms off, frustrated and upset. The next day, Peter attends the ceremony being held for Spider-Man. He meets MJ, who doesn't tell him about her being fired from the show. She encourages him, and then he walks off. Harry arrives, and he offers to attend her play that night. She tells him that she's been kicked off, and then wonders to herself why she told Harry rather than Peter. Gwen Stacy introduces Spider-Man as the person who saved her from certain death, and then Spider-Man swings in, performing small stunts on the stage. He drops down and suspends himself at head level with Gwen Stacy, upside down. He tells her to kiss him, for publicity, and she does so in a kiss reminiscent of the one Peter and MJ shared in the alleyway. Suddenly, a cloud of sand flies in, and the ceremony is disrupted. Spider-Man swings off to find out what is going on, and sees the cloud of dust form a person who breaks into an armoured car. Spidey lands in the car and tries to punch the Sandman, but his arm goes straight through his stomach. Sandman punches Spider-Man out of the vehicle, and Spidey swings back in to try and fight off the Sandman. Sandman runs off as Spider-Man realises that the armoured car is about to crash into a large vehicle, and manages to save the two drivers. He jumps out, with Sandman nowhere in sight. The following night, Peter goes to a fancy French restaurant and gives the Maitre d' the ring for Mary Jane for safekeeping. He sits and waits for MJ, practising his proposal. As MJ arrives, Gwen Stacy also approaches, and Peter introduces her to MJ as his lab partner. This infuriates MJ, and Gwen quickly leaves. MJ asks Peter if he's trying to push her away, inappropriately kissing another girl with "their" kiss, but leaves when he replies. Peter tries to follow her, but gives up and retrieves the ring. The following morning, Peter tries to contact Mary Jane, but she deliberately doesn't answer the phone. As he hangs up, the phone rings, and he picks it up. A Detective asks him to go down to the police station, where Peter and Aunt May are informed by Captain Stacy (Gwen Stacy's father) that the police got the facts wrong surrounding Uncle Ben's death, and that he was actually murdered by someone else. The cop pulls out a picture of Flint Marko, and Peter instantly recognises him. He storms back home, waiting for any news on Sandman. MJ arrives while he waits, and tells him she wants to support him through this. He tells her he doesn't need help, and she tries to make him understand that everybody needs help at some point in their lives, even Spider-Man. She leaves, and Peter continues waiting for the police band to give him some news about Sandman... as he waits, he falls asleep. Silently, the black meteoric substance approaches him, and he wakes up hanging upside down in front of a skyscraper window. His Spider-Man suit is now jet black, and has enhanced his powers, making him feel really good. He swings around the city and then visits Curtis Connors (Dylan Baker), his science teacher, who agrees to analyse the black substance. Curtis warns him that the substance appears to be a symbiote, in need of a host to bind to; he warns Peter not to get any on him. Peter goes home and finally hears a report about Sandman on the police band. He puts on the black suit and goes to fight Sandman, with his powers enhanced. Brock turns up to photograph the event, but Spider-Man turns on him, ripping the camera away and smashing it. Spider-Man then goes on to fight and kill Sandman, ruthlessly drowning him and thereby transforming him into a pile of wet mud. Peter goes home and argues with the landlord, Mr. Ditkovich, and then slams his door on him. The landlord retreats back to his room, shocked at Peter's sudden outburst. Peter, meanwhile, looks in the mirror and realises that the black suit is altering his personality, and so takes it off. He then visits Aunt May, telling her of Marko's death at the hands of Spider-Man. She is shocked that Spider-Man could act like that, and tells Peter that revenge can take people over, like a poison, and change them. MJ walks through New York, feeling lonely, and calls up Harry. She visits him, and together they make an omelette, singing and dancing to Chubby Checker's The Twist. After eating, MJ reads from a play that Harry wrote for her, and then the two kiss. Realising that she actually doesn't feel anything for Harry, she leaves, much to the dismay of the equally lonely Harry. He suddenly has flashbacks and remembers Peter's alter-ego; he sees his father in the mirror telling him to attack Peter's heart. Mary Jane arrives home and hears Peter leaving a message on her answering machine. As he finishes, she is thrown against the wall by the New Goblin, who was lurking in the shadows. With his mask off, he tells MJ there is something she must do for him if she wants Peter to live. Mary Jane calls Peter and asks him to meet her in Central Park, where she dumps him, claiming to be in love with another man. Peter then meets Harry in a diner, where Harry claims that he is the other man. Peter furiously leaves and puts the black suit on, arriving back at Harry's apartment that night. He furiously attacks Harry, knocking him into a glass shelf and then sneering at Harry that his father had never loved him. Harry throws a bomb at Peter, but Peter snags it with a web and throws it back at him. Peter leaves as the bomb goes off. The next day, Peter strolls through the streets and sees an article about Spider-Man stealing some money from the bank, photo courtesy of Eddie Brock. He recognises the photo as an altered version of one that he took himself years ago. He goes to the Daily Bugle and alerts Jameson to the fraud, who fires Brock from his new position as Daily Bugle staff. The paper has to issue its first retraction in 20 years, which infuriates Jameson. Peter then struts through the streets with an air of confidence, looking at several girls suggestively and clicking his fingers. As a montage, we see Peter on the phone with Dr. Connors, who tells Peter that the black substance, a symbiote, will amplify the characteristics of its host, especially aggression. Peter brushes it off and then we see him in the Daily Bugle, in a tight embrace with Betty Brant, Jameson's secretary. Jameson walks in and the two break apart; Jameson's assistant, Robbie, picks up some photos of black-suited Spider-Man that Peter placed on Jameson's desk. Jameson offers Peter the usual rate, but Peter says that if he wants the pictures, Jameson has to give him the staff job. As the last part of the montage, Peter struts into a shop, walking out in a new black jacket and suit, and does a small dance in the middle of the street before finally strutting off. That evening, some mud falls out of a sewer pipe and into a small pond; it reforms, and Sandman crawls out of the water. Strung around his hand is the locket, and he takes one look at it and then walks off, determined to live up to his promise. Peter takes Gwen to a jazz club where MJ is now working, in an effort to make MJ jealous. When MJ gets up to sing, Peter jumps up and starts playing the piano with the band, leaving MJ speechless. He suddenly jumps up and launches into a full dance routine throughout the jazz club, ultimately resulting in Gwen realising that he did it all to make MJ jealous. She leaves the jazz club, and Peter attempts to talk to MJ. The bouncer tries to throw Peter out, but Peter starts viciously beating him up; when MJ tries to step in, he turns around and smacks her hard on the jaw, sending her flying to the ground. She asks him who he is, and he accepts that he doesn't know. He leaves, MJ still lying on the floor with a look of shock on her face. Peter dons his full black Spider-Man costume and swings up to the top of a church tower, where he jumps down and begins tearing at the costume by the church bell. The bell sound seems to pain the symbiote, and it eventually comes off clean. At the same time, Eddie Brock is sitting in the church praying for God to kill Peter. He hears the bells ringing and goes to investigate, and is caught as the symbiote drips off Peter and lands on him. The symbiote changes Brock into Venom, a terrifying variation of Spider-Man with huge teeth and claws. Peter is visited that night by his Aunt May, who tells him that despite everything that he might have done to Mary Jane, he can make things right somehow. He watches as she leaves, feeling comforted. Venom swings through the streets of Manhattan when he is suddenly stopped by Flint Marko, who mistakes him for Spider-Man. Venom tells Marko that together, they could defeat Spider-Man, and Marko agrees to team-up. Venom gets a taxicab, then drives up to MJ's house and collects her when she flags him down to get to the Jazz Club. He kidnaps her and hangs her high in the taxicab in a web, suspended 80 stories above the ground in an under-construction skyscraper. Peter sees reports of the kidnapping on the news, and then changes into his Spider-Man costume. He goes to Harry's apartment and asks for help, but Harry rejects him again and turns to show Peter the scar on his face. Peter tries once more to get Harry's help, for Mary Jane's sake, but Harry merely growls at him to get out. Peter leaves, and Harry is confronted by the house butler, Bernard, who tells Harry that he cleaned his father's wound the night he died. He tells Harry that the blade that pierced his father's body came from his own glider. Spider-Man swings into the construction site and lands on the front of the car; Venom swings in and knocks him through the windshield. He grabs the back of the car and hauls himself up, and Venom knocks him down again. He lands down on the web and then Venom jumps on him. Peter tries to ask Brock to settle the problem some other way, but Venom declines. Peter and Venom topple out of the web and have a midair fight before Peter hits the ground. He is then tripped up as Sandman appears, more than ten times his normal size and growling like a monster. Spider-Man attempts to escape Sandman, but Venom knocks him onto a steel bar and holds him there with his webbing. Sandman pummels him with his gigantic fist while onlookers begin to weep. Just before Sandman can finish Spider-Man off, Harry flies in and throws a bomb at Sandman, and helps Peter up. The two fight Sandman and Venom, and Harry eventually knocks Sandman down while Peter gets MJ out of the taxi and into a safer area. Venom then attacks Peter, and traps him with his webbing, but Harry flies in and attempts to stab Venom with some blades protruding out the front of his hoverboard. Venom grabs his board and flings him off, knocking several rebars loose and collapsing to the floor. The clanging sound pains the symbiote, and Peter remembers back to the bell noise in the church. Venom leaps towards Peter with Harry's board, intending to impale Peter, but Harry runs in between Venom and Peter, and is himself impaled instead. Venom throws him aside and then leaps towards Peter again, who manages to snap his wrists free and smack Venom around the head with a rebar. Peter circles Venom with the bars, and the clanging sound pains Venom as each one is slammed into the ground. Peter snags Eddie from inside the suit with his webbing and pulls him out; he then throws a bomb from Harry's glider at the symbiote. Eddie rushes towards the symbiote while the bomb flies through the air, and is killed in the resulting explosion. Sandman approaches Peter and tells him that the killing of Uncle Ben was, in fact, an accident caused by his gun going off. Peter forgives him and Sandman flies off through the buildings while Peter swings down to Harry. He and MJ sit on either side of him, comforting him while he dies. Harry forgives Peter for the death of his father and then dies as the sun rises. Peter, MJ, Gwen, Aunt May and several others attend Harry's funeral, and then we fade into MJ singing at the jazz club. She stops singing as Peter walks in, and then he steps forwards, his hand outstretched. She takes it and the two embrace, slowly dancing on the spot to the music of the jazz band. THE END Written by joel-waroftheworlds, 03.02.08 
 Brooklyn (2015)321) An Irish immigrant lands in 1950s Brooklyn, where she quickly falls into a romance with a local. When her past catches up with her, however, she must choose between two countries and the lives that exist within. Ireland, early 1950s. Eilis Lacey (Saoirse Ronan) is a young woman working in a grocery shop. She has greater ambitions and moves to Brooklyn, New York, leaving her mother and sister, Rose (Fiona Glascott), behind. She is terribly homesick but eventually settles down, finding a job, studying to be a bookkeeper and meeting a nice young Italian man, Tony Fiorello (Emory Cohen). Things are going well, but then she learns that Rose has died, and decides to return to Ireland, temporarily. She and Tony hastily get married, and then she sets off back to Ireland, alone. Life is about to get complicated. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in the year 1951 in Enniscorthy, a medium-sized town in County Wexford in southeast Ireland. Eilis Lacy (Saoirse Ronan) (pronounced either EYE-lish or AY-lish) is a young woman in her early 20s who seems unhappy as she prays in church with her mother Mary (Jane Brennan) and older sister Rose (Fiona Glascott). She then goes to work at a bakery store, run by the mean old Mrs. Kelly (Brid Brennan), who is very judgmental and critical. Eilis, who had tried to talk to Mrs. Kelly before her shift started but was rebuked, tells her that she is going to America. Her sister contacted a priest in America to sponsor her. She says she can work until she leaves, but is not permitted to do so. Mrs. Kelly guilts her for leaving her sister behind to take care of their mother for the rest of her life. Eilis is at home at dinner with her mother and Rose, who does not think so highly of Mrs. Kelly either. They talk about the weather and about Eilis buying clothes. That evening, Eilis meets up with her best friend Nancy (Eileen O'Higgins). They discuss boys, particularly one boy, George (Peter Campion), who seems to like Nancy. Eilis admits that she didn't put in more effort because she's going away soon. While the two girls are at a social, they awkwardly stand off to the side while couples dance. George comes over to Nancy and asks her to dance. Eilis watches then and then leaves. As Eilis is packing, Rose is surprised that she owns so little and wishes she looked after her better. This is part of the reason why Rose is sending her, because she can't buy Eilis a future. Eilis sets sail while her mother and sister watch, though their mother leaves early. Eilis and Rose cry while they blow each other a kiss. The ship appears to be full of mostly young people, being sent off by the older ones. On the ship, Eilis finds her room, with a bathroom being shared by two girls next door. Her roommate, Georgina (Eva Birthistle), soon comes in to kick her off of the bottom bunk. She declares the cabin Hell and that she should not have come home from America, claiming that she has already traveled to the USA and back to Ireland and is now going back to stay. She invites Eilis out of the room for a cigarette, who refuses saying that she doesn't smoke. Georgina tells Eilis she'll be back soon, unless she finds a man from first class to smoke with. Later, Eilis is the only one eating in the dining hall. She gets sick in the middle of the night and desperately has to use the bathroom, but the other girls had locked it from their side. She leaves her cabin and is forced to use a mop bucket to defecate in and when she comes back to the room, she throws up in a bucket there as well. When Eilis wakes up, her roommate is taking care of her. Georgina forces her way into their bathroom and then blocks the others using it with her suitcase. She then goes to get Eilis water. A day or two later, Eilis and Georgina talk outside on the ship's deck about her going to America. She is feeling better, as it's been hours since she's eaten. Her roommate tells her about America, what it's like, about letters, and how she'll meet people easily where she'll be living, in Brooklyn. When Eilis is eating again, her roommate is shocked by how pale and sick she still looks. She tries to dress her up so she won't be quarantined once she arrives. At immigration, Eilis looks quite different and lovely. Georgina's voice-over tells her how to get through, which involves thinking like an American. As Eilis steps out of a blue door, she is bathed in light. Eilis finds her new place, which is a boarding house where four other young Irish women live, which is run by the delightful gossipy, Mrs. Kehoe (Julie Walters). Eilis walks to Bartocci's, the department store where she now works. As she is putting her stuff away in her cubby locker, she is approached by another girl who tries to strike up a conversation. It's not just other girls Eilis is awkward with, but customers as well. She is told by her supervisor Miss Fortini (Jessica Pare) that she has to treat every customer like a new friend. Eilis keeps to herself and seems awkward. It is clear she misses home. On the day, Eilis had forgotten to check for mail, it turns out she had gotten letters from home. As soon as dinner is done she rushes up to read her letter, from Rose. She cries as she reads the letter. At work, a crying Eilis is still being watched by Miss Fortini. The supervisor asks her if she's crying because it's her time of the month, which it's not. She tells Eilis to take a few minutes off and sends her to the staff room. While there Eilis is approached by the Irish priest who had sponsored her, Father Flood (Jim Broadbent). He had been told she was doing so well that he didn't think she would need looking after. He lets her know that she has enrolled her in a bookkeeping night class at Brooklyn College. He says that they need Irish girls in Brooklyn, and she wishes she were back in Ireland. He assures her that she will feel wretched at first, but that it will then move on. The class does not seem to be an easy one, where they are learning about a Supreme Court case. Eilis is interested and doing well, though, and earnestly takes notes. During the break, a male classmate shares with her how hard he finds it. During dinner at the boarding house, they discuss their Christmas plans. Two of the brash women, Patty (Emily Bett Rickards) and Sheila (Nora-Jane Noone), make fun of Eilis, since she is going to be serving homeless men at the church who have no other place to go. At the church, Father Flood explains to Eilis when she asks that these men don't go home to Ireland because there is nothing there and they've lost touch. As a thank you, a man stands up to sing beautifully in Gaelic, which evokes emotion in Eilis as well as the other men. The music continues overhead during the film as the meal continues and is then cleaned up. Eilis walks home where she is greeted by Mrs. Kehoe. As the two have a drink, Mrs. Kehoe explains that with one girl leaving, Eilis will be offered the best room in the house, the basement, since she is pretty and sensible. The other girls indeed look differently at Eilis during the next dinner. Patty and Sheila will be going to the movies instead of to a dance. Mrs. Kehoe remarks that hopefully they will have better luck with their new boyfriends than the ones before. Eilis says she will take the new girl, Dolores (Jenn Murray), to the dance. Sure enough, the two girls just sit at an empty dance. Dolores talks about wanting to meet a guy. Patty and Sheila who had said they would go to the movies end up coming to the dance. They bring Eilis to the ladies room to put some lipstick on her and remarks that she looked like she had been milking cows. Eilis is dancing with a boy who is teaching her, though he quickly moves on to another girl. She is then approached by a boy, Tony (Emory Cohen), who had been watching her and they dance, including to a slow song. Tony asks Eilis where she lives and asks to walk her home. She says yes and then explains why, so he won't get the wrong idea. She points to Dolores and says that he'd be rescuing her from Dolores. While they're walking, he admits that he's not Irish, which she already knew. He explains that he's fully Italian-American. He came to the dance because he really likes Irish girls. Eilis makes him nervous as she teases him about if he danced with anyone else. Once Eilis arrives home, he asks to take her out on a date next week. She accepts and says goodnight. He watches her go in and leaves. While Tony and Eilis are out to eat on their first date, Eilis tells him about school and how she wants to be a bookkeeper and eventually an account. She wants to know about his plumbing work, but he would rather hear about bookkeeping, which she goes quite in depth about. She also tells him about Rose. She's been talking so much though that she hasn't eaten much. At the boarding house, Patty and Sheila are all knowingly smiling at Eilis. Mrs. Kehoe criticizes them and says Eilis is right not to say anything to those gossips. When they make fun of Tony's shoes, Mrs. Kehoe says she's going to ask the priest to talk about giddiness, the 8th deadly sin. Another time later, Tony is waiting outside of class for Eilis to take her home. While they're riding on the trolley together, he dances around the question before asking her if she wants to meet his family. He tells her Italian food is the best in the world, which she's never tried. They also make plans to go to the movies. At work, Eilis is now in a much better mood and easily talks to customers. Miss Fortini notices and says she's a different woman. Eilis offers it's because of Tony. Her supervisor says that since he doesn't talk about baseball or his mother too much she should keep him. At the boarding house, Patty and Sheila teach Eilis how to eat spaghetti, which she is trying to do with a fork and a spoon. Eilis writes to Rose about Tony, but asks that she not mention him to their mother. She tells Rose that he helps her feel like she has a life there that she didn't have before. Tony warns Eilis about his younger brother Frankie, who seems to be looking forward to causing trouble, though the family had tried to talk him out of it. At dinner, Eilis is much more of an expert at eating spaghetti, and even tells Tony's mother that she took classes. Frankie then bursts out that they don't like Irish people since one of his brothers got beaten up by an Irish street gang. He is then taken aside by their father. While Eilis shares how she is going to college for bookkeeping and working at the store, Frankie comes back to admit that he was a rude idiot, and they all applaud. One of Tony's brothers asks Eilis if Tony has talked to her about baseball, and they say that's how she'll see him in the summer if she goes with him. Tony is a Dodgers fan and jokes how it will be bad if their kids are Yankees or Giants fans. Frankie points out that Eilis isn't laughing and so must be a Yankees fan. Tony walks Eilis back home. Once they arrive, they hug goodnight. Tony says that he loves her. She thanks him for a lovely evening but is unable to say it back. While Eilis is looking at herself in the bathroom, another girl accidentally comes in. Eilis asks her why she isn't married, which turns out to be because her husband met somebody else and left her. When Eilis asks if she'd get married again, she says she, of course, would. Eilis isn't sure if somebody has asked her. The next time Eilis comes out of class, Tony isn't there. She is about to head home on her own when he shows up late. He seems awkward about last time and even though Eilis wants to talk about it, he changes the subject and talks about the job he had right before he came to that dance. She insists she talk though and lets him know that she loves him back. He was worried they were going to have a totally different kind of talk. Eilis asks him not to talk about their kids being Dodgers fans. Rose writes to Eilis, thanking her for her nylons and talking about her golf tournament. She can't wait to see her one day. Over dinner with their mother she is crying. Eilis brings her grades to Father Flood and says she has saved up enough money to pay for them on her own now, and to pay him back. He remarks how much she's changed. Mrs. Kehoe points out how Eilis is the first girl to have passed exams while living at her house. Eilis shares that Tony is taking her to Coney Island to celebrate. The girls tell her that she'll need to think carefully about her costume. Even Mrs. Kehoe agrees, since it'll be the most he'll have seen of her, and she won't want to turn him off. Eilis' supervisor helps her with bathing suits and comments on her needing to shave down there. She does compliment her full behind though and helps her into a nice green suit. Tony and Eilis seem to be enjoying Coney Island together. At the beach, though, Tony has to hold up a towel so that Eilis can change into her bathing suit. They certainly enjoy swimming and kissing in the water. Eilis writes to Rose to let her know she's really happy in America for the first time, and that it's because of Tony. He took her to a Dodgers game, and she's looking for office jobs. She'll even soon be able to afford coming home for a visit. In Ireland, Eilis and Rose's mother knocks on Rose's door and upon opening it, finds her dead. Back in New York, Eilis is approached by Father Flood while she is at work who tells her that her sister Rose had died back in Ireland. He explains that she likely knew she was sick with a terminal illness but didn't tell anyone. Eilis is upset that they're burying Rose without her being there, and she believes she'll never see her sister again. Father Flood says he thinks she will and that her sister will be watching over her. When the phone rings, Eilis hesitates but picks it up. It is her mother who tells Eilis about the funeral. She makes Eilis cry though with how she has no one. Father Flood comforts her. Eilis cries in Tony's arms while they're out to eat. He understand that she wants to go back to Ireland for her sister's funeral, but is afraid that he won't see her again. He says he wants to take her somewhere. Tony takes her out to Long Island, to an open space where he hopes to build houses for his family and be in a building company with his brothers. He asks Eilis to at least think about it, but she says she doesn't need to. Eilis can't sleep. Her mother back in Ireland is praying the rosary at church dressed in all black. Eilis gets up to go to Tony. She explains she needs to go home for just a month or two. He asks her to marry him before she goes. She's hesitant, but he says if they don't he'll go crazy. Eilis brings Tony to her room where she warns him if he makes any noise she'll get evicted. They make love, and when done they hear footsteps, though they fortunately stop. Eilis has Tony stay the night. The two are all dressed up to get married at City Hall. Tony plays ball with a little boy there and strikes up a conversation with his Irish father. He wants Eilis to meet them, but their name is called. When Tony drops Eilis off at home, they wonder what their children will think about such a story. Some time later, Eilis is back home in Ireland. As she walks out of church with her mother, she sees Nancy, who is engaged to George. Her mother already knew but wanted Eilis to hear it from Nancy. Eilis is invited to the wedding, which is set to take place after Eilis plans to leave, but her mother says she can stay. Eilis brings flowers to Rose's grave, which she is buried in the same plot as their late father (Note: the gravestone lists Eilis and Rose's father, Thomas Lacy, death on March 12, 1947, and Rose's death is listed as July 1, 1952). Eilis talks to Rose's gravestone about Tony and cries about how she wishes everything were different. They go through the letters of condolences with Eilis wondering if she'll keep going back and forth sending thank you notes. Nancy is there, and her mother sends her off. Nancy isn't there with their other friend Annette though, as Eilis had been expecting. Rather she and George have brought another young man along, Jimmy. Once they arrive at the rugby club, Eilis asks why Jimmy is there, who had broken off an engagement with another girl because he didn't think she was serious enough. She reminds Nancy that she's going back to the United States, but Nancy assures her she can have fun before they go back. While walking with Jimmy, he tells Eilis that he went to Rose's funeral and that her death was the saddest thing that happened in town. His mother knew her since they were in the golf club together. While talking to Nancy, George, and Jimmy, Eilis distinguishes how she lives in Brooklyn rather than Manhattan, which isn't very glamorous. Since she wants to be a bookkeeper like her sister, Jimmy says she should do some work before she goes back. George accuses him of wanting Eilis to stay, but Jimmy says he's just thinking of Eilis. Her mother is still up and asks about her evening and asks about Jimmy. He'll have his house to his own soon, and her mother says he's a catch. Eilis just says goodnight. Eilis returns home from shopping. She is told that she needs to go straightaway to her sister's old place of work to fix an accounting issue. It's a terrible mess for Eilis to work out. She makes it clear she'll make a system for the person after her and will not be staying. The boss comes into compliment Eilis. He asks about her certificate and wants her to continue working there part-time and that they will speak again, even though she's going back. The grave is now filled, and Eilis continues to bring flowers. Eilis goes to the beach with Nancy, George, and Jimmy. Since it's so different from Brooklyn, Jimmy wants to know if they must seem backward to Eilis, but she tells him they seem calm, civilized, and charming. Jimmy tells Eilis there will be a prize in Rose's name at the local golf club. They want Eilis to present the first prize and Jimmy's mother also wants to meet her. Eilis mentions she wishes it were like this before Rose died. While the other three have to change into their bathing suits under their towels, Eilis already has her bathing suit on. They remark it must be an American trick. Tony wants help from Frankie writing out his letter to Eilis, since he's written so many, and she's only written back once. While Tony's letter is read aloud, Eilis seems to be getting along just fine in Ireland, including with Jimmy. Eilis comes home to find a letter from Tony. She doesn't even read it but rather puts it in her drawer with the rest of the unopened letters. Jimmy and Eilis are having lunch. She remarks that he looks different and jokingly ask if he's come to trick her. He admits that his life must seem very easy to her and others, but it doesn't feel like that. He tells her how he wants to go places and how he doesn't want to die having never left Ireland. Eilis meets Jimmy's parents. Eilis makes an awkward comment about how Jimmy will not be alone forever. She tries to fix herself, but his mother just changes the subject. Eilis reads all of the letters and begins to write one to Tony but cannot think of what to say. Eilis and her mother go to Nancy's wedding with Jimmy. He offers to save them seats and Eilis and the mother remark what a gentleman he is and her mother mentions he came along at the right time. Jimmy looks happy until he sees Eilis is emotional. Eilis is told by an older woman that things are working out well for her. She tries to put off talk of Jimmy. But the woman presses on and hints that they'll soon be married. While Jimmy and Eilis dance at the wedding, Eilis seems conflicted. Jimmy wants to talk to her about their future. He wants her to stay with him in Ireland, though he puts off proposing for another time since he doesn't want to bombard her. Eilis thanks him, is grateful and flattered, she just envisioned a different life. He understands but says her life could be just as good or better. They embrace. Eilis is fetched by one of her former co-workers to go back to her old boss, Mrs. Kelly, to talk. She wants to know how she's been getting on with her job and Jimmy, but Eilis says it's just talk. She shares how a customer, Mrs. Brady, has a relative living in Brooklyn and so she knows Eilis was getting married. Eilis says she has forgotten what this town is like and asks what Mrs. Kelly was asking her to do and assures her that her name is her married name. Eilis composes herself outside and walks over to make the next reservation for New York. Eilis' mother is just chattering away until she notices Eilis and thinks something happened with Jimmy. Eilis breaks down and apologizes for not telling her about Tony, but she wants to be with him. Her mother doesn't seem to mind and just wants her husband to be nice and wonders when she is going back, which is tomorrow. She then goes to bed and only wants to say goodbye now and only once. Her mother hopes she'll write about him and says goodnight. Eilis looks around her room as she packs up her things. She looks out the window as she leaves but seems sure of herself. Jimmy reads a note sent under his door. Eilis is on the boat with a similar situation as the beginning with a young girl asking her about America. This young girl is going to live in Brooklyn as well. Eilis gives her similar advice. In the final scene, Eilis is there waiting for Tony coming out of work. Her voice-over discusses finding someone who'll make her realize that's where her life is. They're basked in light as she hugs Tony. Fade out. 
 Star Wars: The Bad Batch (2021 )Summaries The 'Bad Batch' of elite and experimental clones make their way through an ever-changing galaxy in the immediate aftermath of the Clone Wars. The clone special unit called "The Bad Batch" consists of clones with helpful side effects, such as super strength, make their way through the newly founded empire and trying to find out why all clone troops, except themselves, opposed their jedi generals. The Clone Wars are over; now The Galactic Empire has taken over The Republic. But from the embers of The Clone Wars is The Bad Batch: a ragtag group of 'defective' clones whose skills are off-the-charts for any breed of soldier. In order to stand up to The Empire, The Bad Batch must get up to speed with the rest of the Galaxy, or die with the past. Johnny It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Wars: The Clone Wars (20082020)Summaries Jedi Knights lead the Grand Army of the Republic against the droid army of the Separatists. Chronicling the events that took place between Star Wars: Episode II - Attack of the Clones (2002) and Star Wars: Episode III - Revenge of the Sith (2005) , this show follows the wartime days of Anakin Skywalker (Matt Lanter), Obi-wan Kenobi (James Arnold Taylor), and Yoda (Tom Kane). This show also brings new characters to the forefront of Star Wars canon, including Anakin's apprentice Ahsoka Tano (Ashley Eckstein), and Captain Rex (Dee Bradley Baker). Johnny It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 