nm0005103:

 Ugly Betty (20062010)55) Smart but wholesome Betty embraces her unique appearance and independent attitude in the cutthroat world of New York fashion. A young, smart and wise woman named Betty Suarez goes on a journey to find her inner beauty. The only problem is that it's hard for a slightly less attractive woman to find her beauty surrounded by tall skinny models at a fashion magazine but Betty doesn't let this stop her or her positive attitude towards her work. James Robson The series focuses on the life of wannabe writer Betty Suarez, a plain girl from Queens, N.Y., who is smart, hardworking and savvy but has a different sense of style. When publishing mogul Bradford Meade puts his son Daniel in charge of his Mode magazine, he hires Betty to be Daniel's new assistant -- mostly because he knows that she may be the only woman in Manhattan with whom the younger man won't sleep. Jwelch5742 Sweet and passionate Betty is thrown into the fast paced, overly thin and superficial world of fashion at Mode magazine. She is initially hired by the owner to ensure his immatue, player son doesn't sleep with her. Yet Betty earns Daniell Meade's respect and friendship and she helps him to secure his legacy against all the world of fashion can throw at them. Betty Suarez is smart, sweet and hard working. The only problem is that she's not thin and beautiful like all her coworkers at Mode, the high-fashion magazine where she works. The only reason the publisher hired her to be his son's secretary, is that he thought Betty was someone who Daniel would never sleep with. Betty's hard work and determination earns Daniel's respect, as she helps him find his way through the shark infested waters of the fashion industry. Ugly Betty is based on a Colombian telenovela " Yo soy Betty, la fea (1999) ". Peter Kevin Reeves It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Folks! (1992)Summaries A slightly self absorbed yuppie takes in his parents including his senile father, after their home burns down. But his personal and professional life fall apart soon after. Jon has it all, great job, beautiful wife and kids, and a dream house. But when his father, who is a little senile, burns his house trailer down while his mother is in the hospital, Jon brings his parents to live with him. Soon his wife goes home to mother, he's fired for suspicion of insider trading, his sister and her unruly kids get booted out by her boyfriend, and moves in, he's about to be evicted, and his assets are frozen. How could things get any worse? Brian W Martz <B.Martz@Genie.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Action Jackson (1988)Summaries Vengence drives a tough Detroit cop to stay on the trail of a power hungry auto magnate who's systematically eliminating his competition. Jericho "Action" Jackson is a Detroit police sergeant who was demoted from lieutenant for almost tearing the arm off of sexually violent sociopath Sean Dellaplane, whose father is Peter Dellaplane, a major car manufacturer. But Dellaplane himself is violent as well. Dellaplane kills his wife Patrice by shooting her. And then he plants her body in Jackson's apartment, framing Jackson. Dellaplane won't miss Patrice very much, because he has a drug-addicted mistress named Sydney Ash. He keeps Sydney hooked with a free supply of heroin. Jackson suspects Dellaplane of masterminding a murder spree against local officials from the auto workers' union. Dellaplane's mission is to gain a political power base and choose the next president of the United States. Because of what happened to Dellaplane's son Sean, Dellaplane has taken a particular dislike to Jackson. Jackson gets Sydney's help in going after Dellaplane. Todd Baldridge It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deep Cover (1992)Summaries A uniformed cop is recruited by a drug enforcement agent to infiltrate a drug smuggling ring looking to expand its operation. A black uniformed policeman is recruited by a devious drug enforcement agent to infiltrate a smuggling organization seeking to expand into designer drugs. This 'ugly side of the war on drugs' explores the context of race, identity and hypocrisy within a brutal and alienating investigation. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> The black policeman Russell Steven applies for a special anti-drug squad which targets the highest boss of cocain delivery to LA: the Columbian foreign minister's nephew. Russell shall work his way up from the bottom undercover, until he reaches the boss. First step is to get the lawyer and hobby dealer David Jason to trust him. Jason wants to switch to legal designer drugs, but hasn't got the capital yet, so Steven's ambitious help is welcomed. To keep his cover, Steven has to go further than any officer before: he has to really sell the drugs he buys, and some day even eliminate a competitor... and gets problems seeing the line between the good and the bad. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 