nm0005558:

 Employee of the Month (2006)431) A slacker competes with a repeat winner for the "Employee of the Month" title at work, in order to gain the affections of a new female employee. Slacker Zack Bradley works as a box boy at Super Club, a warehouse club store. It is the lowest in the job hierarchy at the store. He doesn't work very hard at his job, and along with some of his fellow employee friends treats the store like his playground. Regardless, he is well liked by most of the other employees. He used to be hard working, when he was developing a dot com, but he lost all his and his grandmother's money in the process. As such, he decided not to take any risks in life while he now lives with her so as to provide her with what he considers at least a more reliable life. On the other extreme is Vince Downey, who lords an air of superiority over his fellow employees as the store's head cashier. He lives to be the store's best employee solely so that he can be named Employee of the Month, which he has been named seventeen months in a row. If he is named Employee of the Month for a record eighteenth time in a row, he will be rewarded with entrance into the corporation's management track program and a new car. Zack decides he wants to break Vince's streak if only because he reads in the employment record of recent transfer, the pretty Amy Renfro, that she had a thing at her previous store for men who have been named Employee of the Month. Zack finds that working toward being Employee of the Month is not as easy as he thought, especially as Vince will not relinquish the title and all its perks without a fight, dirty or not. Zack has to decide how far he is willing to go to get the title and the girl. Huggo At Super Club, a large warehouse store, the employees strive to obtain the "Employee of the Month" award with the benefits of having their picture featured on the wall of fame in the staff lounge. Zack Bradley, a box boy, and Vince Downey, a cashier, are two competitive Super Club employees. Vince has become head cashier of the store and winner of seventeen consecutive "Employee of the Month" awards. Zack, on the other hand, is a slacker but is popular with his colleagues. Zack has not won any "Employee of the Month" awards and has no desire to except when Amy, a new cashier who only dates "Employee of the Month" winners, transfers to the store. Zack and Vince compete to get Amy's attention through competition and courtship. Vince attempts to impress Amy with skills as a cashier and his seventeen "Employee of the Month" awards, while Zack attempts to use several methods of charm and comedy to win her affection. After realizing that Amy is falling for Vince, Zack believes his only chance to get her is to win Super Club's next "Employee of the Month" award. Wikipedia Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vince Downey (Dax Shepard) is the head cashier and winner of 17 consecutive Employee of the Month awards at Super Club. If he wins one more Employee of the Month, he will be put in the Super Club's Hall of Fame and win a new-'ish' car. Zack Bradley (Dane Cook), who is the ultimate slacker, has been working at Super Club for 10 years, and is still at the bottom job, working as a box boy. Then Amy (Jessica Simpson) enters the picture; she is a new cashier transferring in from another Super Club store. Amy has a reputation of dating men who have won Employee of the Month at the other store, Vince and Zack want to date Amy, so the fight is on to win Employee of the Month! Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Robots (2005)541) In a robot world, a young idealistic inventor travels to the big city to join his inspiration's company, only to find himself opposing its sinister new management. Even in a world populated entirely by mechanical beings Rodney Copperbottom is considered a genius inventor. Rodney dreams of two things, making the world a better place and meeting his idol, the master inventor Bigweld. On his journey he encounters Cappy, a beautiful executive 'bot with whom Rodney is instantly smitten, the nefarious corporate tyrant Ratchet who locks horns with Rodney, and a group of misfit 'bots known as the Rusties, led by Fender and Piper Pinwheeler. IMDb Editors In a world of robots, the young Rodney decides to move to the metropolis of Robot City, to meet the powerful inventor and his idol Bigweld, trying to get a position in his corporation. However, the new president Ratchet manages the company for profit with new parts only, leaving the old robots fated to become scrap in the mill of Ratchet's mother. Rodney, with the support of his old robots friends, convinces Bigweld to fight for his position back. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Life isn't that great in the Copperbottom family. Rodney keeps failing in getting his ideas noticed, and his father, Herb struggles with work and himself. In order to get his idea noticed and to make his parents proud, Rodney sets out to Robot City to showcase his idea to Bigweld. Once at Robot City, Bigweld is nowhere to be seen, as Rodney and his new friends start to suspect a terrible reason why. Film_FanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a world of robots, the Copperbottom family has a son, named Rodney. Growing up, Rodney becomes infatuated by famous robotics inventor Big Weld, and decides that he wants to be an inventor and work for Big Weld industries one day. Rodney spends his youth and teenage years trying to perfect his own helper robot. He attempts to show his Dad that the robot can help him wash dishes, but helper ends up causing more damage than help. Determined to make something of himself and pay off the damages the helper bot caused, Rodney decides to head to Robot City to fulfill his dream and work for Big Weld Industries. Upon reaching Robot City, Rodney finds the gates to Big Weld Industries shut, with no new ideas coming in. The company, now led by a robot named Ratchet, has also scrapped the business model of supplying spare parts for older robot models, and going with pricier upgrades for robots, with a new slogan titled, "Why be you, when you can be new." After being kicked out of Big Weld Industries, Rodney finds himself in a darker side of town, where a strange robot named Fender attempts to make off with his foot. Rodney chases after him, and finds a small collective of older robots scrounging for spare parts. In the ensuing chaos, Fender loses a part for his neck, and when the group goes to find a replacement part, finds this item has been discontinued. Even though Fender attempted to cannibalize him, Rodney helps Fender and manages to make a suitable neck replacement out of additional spare parts. Fender's sister, Piper, explains that many robots in Robot City are in desperate need of spare parts that Big Weld Industries used to make. However, in recent months, Big Weld has disappeared; the streets are now patrolled by motorized vehicles, known as Sweepers, that take obsolete models to a dark side of town known as the Chop Shop, run by Madam Gasket (Ratchet's mother). Any collected models never come back. Rodney bunks with the group and another robot named Aunt Fanny, but is surprised the next day when the local parts shop closes its doors, claiming that all spare parts orders from Big Weld Industries have officially dried up. All sorts of robot citizens are up in arms, but Rodney comes forward, and using what spare parts are left, helps those less fortunate. Soon, the parts loss is felt at home, as Rodney receives a letter from his parents, saying that without spare parts, his father will not survive. Word soon reaches Rodney about an annual company ball held by Big Weld Industries. Rodney and Fender break into the festivities in hopes to talk to Big Weld and convince him to help, since Big Weld always attends this function. However, Ratchet appears claiming that Big Weld couldn't attend. Rodney then comes forward, demanding to know where Big Weld is, and brings to the company's attention the plight of the average bot, of whom Rodney has spent several days trying to repair countless numbers of. Ratchet orders Rodney be captured, but he, Fender, and a female employee named Cappy manage to escape the party. Fender parts ways with the group, while Rodney and Cappy head to Big Weld's mansion to investigate. Rodney is at first excited to meet his childhood hero, but soon grows disillusioned when Big Weld tells him to give up his fight to fix the outmoded robots. Big Weld claims that in the face of change for Big Weld Industries, Ratchet took over, turning the company into an entity that was more about profits than helping others. Rodney then heads to the train station intent on going home, when the other robots and Fender appear. Fender, having just survived almost being destroyed in the Chop Shop, has overheard of the Sweepers being deployed in full force the next day by Madame Gasket and Ratchet to collect all the outmoded robots in Robot City. Big Weld also shows up, and inspires the group not to give up; they all return to Big Weld Industries to confront Ratchet; Big Weld (inspired by the bots still believing in him) fires Ratchet, who weeps and begs for another chance; caught off-guard, Big Weld succumbs to a knockout punch from Ratchet, who then realizes he's become as crazy as his own mother! Security arrives to remove Big Weld just as Rodney and Cappy turn up; between them they help Big Weld escape the building and end up being chased across Robot City, eventually ending up outside Madam Gasket's Chop Shop (although Big Weld goes shooting through the gates to the inside). The group all tool up and enter the Chop Shop to rescue Big Weld from a certain melting down, but are faced with Madam Gasket, Ratchet and the army of new-fangled Sweepers. Piper turns up with all of the city's outmoded robots; working together, they attack Madam Gasket's outfit and rescue Big Weld. Madam Gasket gets melted down and Ratchet gets strung up in chains (next to his poor hen-pecked father) simultaneously losing his flashy upgrades! Big Weld, Piper, Fender and the others all celebrate a victory. Rodney returns home (with Big Weld) and brings enough spare parts for his ailing parents; Rodney has been made Big Weld's right-hand bot, and eventual successor! 
 Half Baked (1998)321) The story of three not so bright men who come up with a series of crazy schemes to get a friend out of jail. After Kenny accidentaly kills a cop's diabetic horse by feeding it the food he purchased from a munchie run, he is put in jail and is given a 1 million dollar bail. The rest of the group must bail Kenny out before Nasty Nate gets to him. The group decides to sell marijuana that Thurgood gets through his job as a janitor at a pharmaceutical lab. They become pals with rap star Sir Smoke-A-Lot and the rivals of dealer Samson Simpson. On the side, Thurgood seeks the love of Mary Jane, an anti-pot daughter of a dealer. What follows is typical pothead behaviour with a ton of cameos. Look carefully. Tim Brooks <tbrooks@mminternet.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Thurgood (Dave Chappelle), Scarface (Guillermo Diaz), Brian (Jim Breur) and Kenny (Harland Williams) are childhood friends who discover marijuana. They grow up together and live in an apartment in New York. During a smoke, they send Kenny to get food. Kenny sees a horse, and starts feeding it treats. The horse dies (it's apparently diabetic), and Kenny goes to jail. His bail is set at $1,000,000. The guys get a lift home by a hot Mary Jane Potman (Rachel True), and Thurgood falls in love. Thurgood is given some medicinal marijuana by a scientist, and the guys decide to sell more of it to raise bail money. Meanwhile, Thurgood and Mary Jane go on a date, and Thurgood promises not to smoke. He fails. The weed sales go through the roof, and many customers partake (John Stewart, Snoop Dog, Willie Nelson, Stephen Baldwin, Jeneane Garofalo, Bob Saget and others). Scarface and Brian leave their jobs to spend more time selling. Thurgood tries to stay righteous as Brian and Scarface start spending their profits. When Mary Jane breaks up with Thurgood, he promises to stop smoking. Meanwhile, Samson, a rival drug dealer, discovers the guys and trashes their apartment. He demands a meeting with the guys and tells them to pay him half their profits. The Guy on the Couch (Steven Wright) suggests they rob the lab for weed, but get caught. Thurgood offers to set up Samson. The cops allow them to get high before the deal, and the cops get high and forget to make the bust. The guys defeat Samson's hench-women, and Brian summons the spirit of Jerry Garcia (David Bluestein) to defeat Samson. The cops honor the deal to release Kenny, and Thurgood reunites with Mary Jane, giving up pot for good. The end. 
 Fudgy Wudgy Fudge Face (2010)Summaries A UFO crashes to earth. The first human the alien meets is a hillbilly named, Elmore P. Fudge, the dumbest man in the world. Elmore learns the Alien came to earth because, like in the movie 'Footloose', they are forbidden to dance on his planet. Elmore helps the alien find a disco and in the process they have many great adventures and become best friends. Meanwhile the U.S. Military has tracked the UFO crash and they reactivate their top alien bounty hunter ' Agent 3000', to exterminate the alien. The race is on for the dumbest man in the world to save the smartest being in the universe. No one told 'It' that coming to Earth would be so stupid. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 