nm0003858:

 Nailed (2001)Summaries A clothing designer fights to keep her Jewish-Italian family together when her brother decides to have a child with a woman he barely knows. An intensely-bonded father and son go to war over the troubled young woman the son has gotten pregnant. The father and the woman vie for the heart and soul of the young man they both love and need. Joel Silverman <jssportguy@cs.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Man with No Eyes (2001)Summaries An alien gunslinger travels the Old West seeking vengeance. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pentathlon (1994)321) An Olympic gold medalist escapes to freedom in the US, only to be tracked down by his sadistic ex-coach. After winning the Olympic gold medal in the Pentathlon, East German Eric Brogar escapes to freedom in the United States. But his former coach vows revenge. When Eric's sadistic ex-coach finds him, Eric is caught in a deadly game fighting for his life. Bren M. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in Leipzig, East Germany in the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. Sixteen years later (1988), After winning a gold medal for East Germany in the pentathlon in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, athlete Eric Brogar (Dolph Lundgren) flees from his abusive trainer, Heinrich Mueller (David Soul) and the Olympic team. Two months later (November 1988), Berlin is a capital of East Germany. One years later (30 November 1989), Eric after post moved to Los Angeles, California, USA includes Berlin Wall closed to destroying rid crashes his collapsed. One years later (1 October 1990) , Eric became first year decade of nineteen nineties. Three years later (12 September 1993), Mueller is no longer a trainer. He has become a neo-Nazi terrorist, responsible for a series of attacks on German government officials, and Mueller has discovered that Eric is in Los Angeles. Brogar had become a self-pitying boozehound until his talents were spotted by his diner-owning boss John Creese (Roger E. Mosley). Still smarting over Eric's defection, Mueller beats Eric's father Rudolph Brogar (Erik Holland) to death before flying to Los Angeles. While Eric reunites with his former girlfriend Julia Davis (Renee Coleman), who hones his endurance skills at her dad's woodland retreat, Mueller joins forces with neo-Nazi sympathizers including Eric's former rival Rhinehardt (Daniel Riordan). At a peace rally, Mueller and his thugs plot to assassinate a rabbi and an ambassador while spreading a hate message on German Vision Network (GVN) outside broadcasting together with US Cable satellite news gathering. After viciously beating up Julia's father Vic Davis (Philip Bruns) and shooting Creese with destroyed collapse US Cable outside broadcasting collapse earthquake to electrical sockets collapse at US Cable satellite news gathering crash collapse antenna analogue danger destroyed, Mueller and his thugs kidnap Eric, who retaliates by wiping out most of the neo-Nazis when Eric arrested criminal to police station or police department policeman at police patrol car vigilante hand arm on handcuff. Three weeks later (25 November 1993), United States Olympic pentathlon finals, Eric not only triumphs, but he also ends up shooting Mueller dead in self-defense at the end when Mueller tries to kill him at the finish line with shooting Mueller kill to dead corpse the end screen fades to black and the movie ends, movie closes, film ends to film closes with closing credits begin to roll. The End International Release Through PFG ENTERTAINMENT INC. 
 Baywatch (19892001)Summaries At a Los Angeles beach, a team of lifeguards led by Lieutenant Mitch Buchannon save lives, deal with personal dramas, fight crime and participate in over the top adventures on a daily basis. This long-running series follows the adventures of a team of lifeguards on a crowded resort beach. Veteran lifeguard Mitch Buchannon watches over the younger lifeguards that come and go with each passing season as they keep the beaches safe for vacationers. Frequently he must take action to save them from the raging seas and from the raging tempers that sometimes flare up between the young guards in this stressful job. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 