nm0009436:

 Little Sharks (1992)Summaries When dishwasher Ingo, whose girl-friend has just left him, returns a borrowed bar stool to the Folkwang Acting School in Essen, he stumbles into the audition for next year's new students. He lets Johannes, the broke and unsuccessful applicant, stay with him. Ingo decides to go to Munich with Johannes, where he wants to try his luck once again. Hitchhiking, they get rides with very different drivers on the autobahn. They meet up with the smooth-talking Ali in the wayside dinner "Raststtte Spessart". Arriving in Munich, the trio tries to find cheap sleeping accommodation. They enter Ingo into the audition at Munich acting school. Moreover, Johannes falls in love with street artist Herta from Berlin. emkarpf It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unsolved (2002 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Le gorille (19901991)Summaries He is young and attractive, witty, strong as a bear, brimming with unusual ideas. Possessing a pronounced sense of justice, he is always in action to bring international criminals to justice: the Gorilla. He is the best agent in the French secret service. Due to his extraordinary abilities, he's only deployed on really special and explosive cases. Whether it's a matter of diamond-smuggling or computer crime, slave-trading or plane hijacks, the Gorilla is always on the spot and makes his mark through cleverness and his original personality. His missions take him all over Europe. He is at home in all European cities, and both popular and feared. His speciality is "undercover" work - penetrating criminal organisations and undermining them from the inside. A task which is as difficult as it is dangerous. Again and again, he gets himself into seemingly hopeless situations which only one man could ever get out of: the Gorilla. In spite of all this, he is not one to forget that life also has its pleansant side. He loves beautiful women and good cuisine. He is never averse to a little romantic adventure. His charm, wit and spontaneity enchant every woman he meets. Even his most fierce opponents admit openly or secretly that this "enemy" is a man of real class. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Look Who's Back (2015)Summaries Adolf Hitler wakes up in the 21st century. He quickly gains media attention, but while Germany finds him hilarious and charming, Hitler makes some serious observations about society. Adolf Hitler wakes up in Berlin...in 2014. After getting his bearings he is discovered by an unemployed TV producer, Fabian Sawatzki. Sawatzki thinks Hitler is some sort of performance artist and takes him around the country, talking to the general population, for a TV piece he has envisaged. Hitler, however, sees this as a chance to regain his popularity and power. grantss In a puff of smoke, Adolf Hitler resurfaces, inexplicably, in present-day Berlin, disoriented and dressed in full regalia. Unable to locate his bunker, Nazi Germany's notorious leader meanders through the once-familiar city's now completely unknown streets, mingling with a motley crew of strangers who, incomprehensibly, show a brazen and blatant disrespect to his authority. However, when the recently fired freelance TV producer, Fabian Sawatzki, discovers who seems to be Fhrer's perfect impersonator, a stellar career in the station's live satirical show will pave the way for Adolf Hitler 's second rise to power. Now, once more, Germany is taken by surprise. Is history repeating itself? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 