nm0004888:

 Home Improvement (19911999)Summaries The daily trials and tribulations of Tim "The Tool Man" Taylor, a television show host raising three mischievous boys with help from his loyal co-host, loving wife, and eccentric neighbor. Light television comedy about family man Tim "The Tool Man" Taylor. The show's humor often revolved around cars, toys, tools, hardware shops, garages, fix-it-up projects, and similar themes. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> and Dumb Donald It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wicked Wicked Games (2006 )Summaries A scorned woman plots revenge against the man who abandoned her 25 years earlier in order to marry another woman with money to advance his career. The plan is to have her two sons seduce and marry her former lover's two daughters, and in the process destroy the man's life. Blythe Hunter is a beautiful and sophisticated real estate magnate who was left heartbroken and shattered when her lover, Theodore Crawford, left her for Anna Whitman; a woman with more wealth and prestige in order to advance his own career. 25 years later, Blythe is still hell-bent on destroying the life of the man she once loved. Theodore is the charming and distinguished owner of The Tides, a popular horse racetrack and gambling casino in San Diego which he took over from Anna's family after her death. He is the proud father of two beautiful daughters: the prim-and-proper Emma Crawford, and the younger but more headstrong Brooke Crawford. He also is currently dating their former nanny Hope Lorca. Blythe uses her handsome, twin sons as pawns in her treacherous plans; Aaron Spencer is a fellow real estate agent who, desperate to win over his mother's approval, eagerly joins her in the plans to destroy Theodore's family. Blythe's other son is Josh Spencer, a caring and sympathetic doctor who falls in love with Emma as Blythe becomes more and more desperate to destroy her former lover and his blissful life. Other characters include Madeleine Crawford, Theodore's supportive younger sister who is looking for romance any way she can. Lani Walker is Blythe's long-suffering personal assistant whose sister Violet is a courageous and tough employee of The Tides racetrack who gets involved in an attempt to ruin Blythe's plans. Edward Hoffman is Emma's current boyfriend who is cheating on as part of a plan of his own to get his hands on the Crawford family's money. matt-282 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Leprechaun 4: In Space (1996 Video)431) Our deadly leprechaun is in space to woo a beautiful princess who is impressed with his gold and desires to separate him from it. On a distant planet, a power hungry Leprechaun kidnaps a Dominian princess, Princess Zarina, and plans to make himself king, but not if a bumbling brigade of space marines have anything to say about it. Their commander is a mad scientist by the name of Dr. Mittenhand, who's half machine thanks to one of his "experiments". Once on the planet, Leprechaun is blown up, but quickly is reborn through one of the marines (ala Alien) and wreaks havoc aboard the ship, meanwhile Dr. Mittenhand plans to use the princess for his experiments to make himself whole again. But now, after many of the marines are killed, Leprechaun turns Dr. Mittenhand into a grotesque monster and plans to blow up the ship. The remaining marines have to stop his evil plans and blow *him* up. Dylan Self <Robocoptng986127@aol.com> It's the 21st century. A group of U.S. Marines battle in space to destroy a space monster, when they get in the way of the Leprechaun who is in space to marry a princess so he can become ruler of the planet Dominia. They think they have killed the Leprechaun - wrong. The Leprechaun goes on board their space station to find the princess they have taken from him, where he'll kill to get her back. Jason Mechalek Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Leprechaun is on a desolate planet attempting to court a princess named Zarina, whom he has kidnapped in a plot to marry her, then murder her father in order to become king of her home planet, Dominia. A group of space marines attack and the Leprechaun kills one of the marines, Lucky, with a lightsaber. When another marine, Kowalski, throws a grenade and it lands near Zarina, the Leprechaun jumps in the way, and, though Zarina is saved, the explosion of the bomb kills the Leprechaun and causes Zarina to lose a hand. While the rest of the crew attend to Zarina, Kowalski urinates on the Leprechaun's decapitated head. The marines return to their ship with Zarina, where their leader, the half-robotic Dr. Mittenhand, explains that the princess has regenerative powers (she regenerates a hand she lost) and his plans to use Zarina's DNA to recreate his own mutilated body. Elsewhere on the ship, the Leprechaun violently emerges from Kowalski's penis when he attempts to have sex with another marine, Dolores, killing him in an incredibly painful and humiliating manner (and leaving the remains of his penis in torn shreds). The Leprechaun then kills most of the crew members in various gruesome and absurd ways. He finds Zarina in Dr. Mittenhand's laboratory, making his way in by assuming the image of a completely naked Doctor Tina Reeves, and injects the doctor with a mixture of his intended bride's DNA and the remains of a scorpion and a tarantula, and initiates the ship's self-destruct mechanism. A surviving marine, Sticks, rushes to the bridge to defuse the self-destruct but he is stopped by a password prompt. The other survivors, Sergeant Books Malloy and Tina, confront the Leprechaun in the cargo bay, who grows to many times his own size after being exposed to Dr. Mittenhand's experimental enlargement ray. Tina crawls through the air ducts, where her red pants get torn off by Dr. Mittenhand. Tina spends the remainder of the film in a T-shirt and black panties, much to her sexual humiliation. Sticks is attacked and tangled in webs by the now mutated and deformed Dr. Mittenhand, who has taken the shape of a giant spider-like creature. Tina sprays the doctor with liquid nitrogen from a hose and then shoots him, shattering his body. Books avoids the giant Leprechaun and opens the airlock so the villain is sucked out into space and explodes while Zarina watches in glee. Books joins the others at the helm, and they discover that the password is "Wizard," since Dr. Mittenhand previously referred to himself as "the wizard behind the curtain," stopping the self-destruct with only seconds to spare. The three rejoice and Books and Tina kiss as the spaceship flies past the remains of the giant Leprechaun's body. They fly past his fist, clenched with middle finger extended. 
 ABC TGIF (19892018)Summaries A two-hour Friday night block of family sitcoms hosted by the various stars of the shows, TGIF was often supplemented with animation, running skits, and short gags. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 