nm0001540:

 Bully (2001)44) A pack of nave teenagers conspire to murder a mutual friend, whose aggressive demeanor has proved too much. After finding himself at the constant abuse of his best friend Bobby, Marty has become fed up with his friend's twisted ways. His girlfriend, a victim of Bobby's often cruel ways, couldn't agree more and they strategize murdering Bobby with a group of willing and unwilling participants in a small Florida town. In the midst of their plotting, they contemplate the possible aftermath. MonkeyKingMA How to get rid of your obnoxious friend and get away with it? That's what's been bothering a group of teenagers when they decided they had enough of him but that's not so easy as it seems. Nobody can commit a perfect crime, not even among so called friends! Leading a parasitic life, Bobby and Marty are two teenagers growing up in the suburbs of South Florida. Bobby treats Marty like garbage, taking great pleasure in humiliating, and even beating him. One day, they organise a double date on the beach with high school dropouts, beautiful Ali (who likes Bobby), and her best friend, Lisa, and as one thing leads to another, a love affair begins between Marty and Lisa. But, more and more, Marty wants out, desperate to escape from the clutches of his friend, and his destructive influence; however, Bobby is not willing to take this situation lying down. Then, after a brutal sexual assault, the team has an epiphany: what if they put abusive Bobby out of the way? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Guiding Light (19522009)Summaries This show took place in the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield and centered on the middle class Bauer family. This show took place in the fictional Midwestern town of Springfield. In its early years, the stories centered on the middle class Bauer family, but later the wealthy Spauldings, Chamberlains, and Lewises, along with the working class Reardons and others, took their own places of prominence, though the Bauers remained the heart of the show. This show got its start on radio in 1937 centering around the Church of Little Five Points in Illinois. The widowed Reverend John Ruthledge administered at the church and the guiding light referred to a lamp he had in his study that always remained lit for his parishioners and anyone to seek comfort at the non-denominational church. In the late 1940s, the show (still on radio) moved to the fictional suburb of Los Angeles, California, "Selby Flats", when Reverend Ruthledge's daughter, Mary, and her husband Ned Holden (who at one time was Reverend Ruthledge's adopted son), took the "guiding light" lamp to Reverend Ruthledge's friend and former protg, Reverend Charles Matthews. In Selby Flats, the story of this show started involving and centering on the continuing traumatic and dramatic stories of Meta Bauer White Roberts Banning and her stepdaughter Kathy Roberts Grant (and later, Kathy's daughter, Robin Fletcher) and also the lives of the rich Grants, the poorer Bauers (Papa, Bert Miller Bauer and Bill Bauer and Bert and Bill's sons, Mike and Ed) and the well-off Fletchers. In the late 1960s, the show started becoming more about Bert, Bill and Mike and Ed and their travails as Meta moved with her third husband Dr. Bruce Banning (Meta returned in the 70's for a brief time and then in the late 1990s.) The show premiered on television in black-and-white and live (until 1969) on June 30, 1952. The locale moved to the Midwestern town of Springfield in 1966 and stayed there until the show ended in 2009. In 1967, the show was first aired in color, then it moved to a half-hour, and on November 7, 1977, it became an hour show and introduced the Spaulding family, who were mainstays of Springfield to the end. The "The" of "Guiding Light" was dropped about a year before it went to an hour. Other families introduced in the 1970s were the Norrises, the Thorpes (Roger was a major villain for over thirty years), the Marlers (attorney Ross (who represented and defended Roger in the first marital rape storyline in 1979, Roger's then third wife, Holly had brought him up on the real charges, the rape was shown on-screen on March 4, 1979} has survived to this day, Jerry Dorn has been on consistently since March 1979) and the Stapletons. In the 1980s, the poorer Reardons, the wealthy Chamberlains, and the middle class Lewises took over as major families as the Norrises, the Thorpes, and the Stapletons all but disappeared (the Thorpes did make a return in 1989.) In the 1990s, as the Reardons and then the Chamberlains seemed to leave the town of Springfield, major families introduced were the poorer Coopers, and later in the 90s, the mob family known as the Santoses. Also in the 1980s and 1990s to 2009, Josh Lewis and his longtime love interest Reva Shayne and their brood of Marah and Shayne, as well as her sister Cassie Layne and her daughter Tammy, became more mainstay. Besides a still undercurrent of a non-denominational religious theme, this show's main themes had been about how to find and keep and hold on to love (its main theme in the early 1990s was a song titled "Hold On to Love") and finding others to help guide you. Peter Bradfield It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Black Dahlia (2006)Summaries Two policemen see their personal and professional lives fall apart in the wake of the "Black Dahlia" Elizabeth Short murder investigation. In 1946, the former boxers Dwight "Bucky" Bleichert and Lee Blanchard are policemen in Los Angeles. Lee has a good relationship with his chief and uses a box fight between them to promote the department and get a raise to the police force. They succeed and are promoted to homicide detectives, working together. Bucky becomes a close friend of Lee and his girlfriend Kay Lake, forming a triangle of love. When the corpse of the aspirant actress Elizabeth Short is found mutilated, Lee becomes obsessed to solve the case called by the press Black Dahlia. Meanwhile, Bucky's investigation leads him to a Madeleine Linscott, the daughter of a powerful and wealthy constructor that resembles the Black Dahlia. In an environment of corruption and lies, Bucky discloses hidden truths. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The Black Dahlia is set in 1940s Los Angeles. Two cops, Bucky Bleichert and his partner, Lee Blanchard, investigate the death of Elizabeth Short , a young woman found brutally murdered. Bucky soon realizes that his girlfriend had ties to the deceased, and soon after that, he begins uncovering corruption and conspiracy within the police department. Untamed Outlaw It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Butterfly Effect 3: Revelations (2009)321) Sam Reide uses his power to time travel to solve the mystery of his girlfriend's death. Sam Reide has the ability of traveling to the past and works with the police department solving unresolved crimes, witnessing the events with the support of his sister, Jenna Reide and reporting the criminal's identity to detective Dan Glenn. When Elizabeth Brown, the sister of his former girlfriend Rebecca Brown that was murdered a couple of years ago pays a visit to him, she tells him that she has just found Rebecca's journal with evidences that Lonnie Flennons, who was accused for the murder is innocent. Sam decides to witness the murder of Rebecca and his interference affects the future. He travels to the past to try to fix his mistakes, but every time he returns, the future is in worse condition. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sam Reide (Chris Carmack) witnesses a woman killed, then wakes up in an ice-filled bathtub, his vitals being monitored by his sister Jenna (Rachel Miner). It is revealed that Sam can travel back to any time and location during his lifetime (occupying his body of that time in his life), needing only to concentrate on where and when he wishes to arrive. He has helped the local police capture criminals under the guise of being a psychic. We learn that Sam pays his sister's rent and buys her groceries, and that she rarely leaves the apartment and lives in squalor in a run-down section of Detroit. That night, Elizabeth (Sarah Habel), the sister of Sam's murdered girlfriend Rebecca (Mia Serafino), arrives at Sam's apartment. She believes that the man about to be executed for her sister's murder, Lonnie Flennonds (Richard Wilkinson), is innocent, and she offers to pay Sam to find the real murderer. Sam turns her down, but goes to speak with the man who tutored him on time travel, Goldburg (Kevin Yon), who reminds him of the cardinal rules: he's not to alter his own personal past, nor travel in time with his body left unsupervised. We learn that a fire that claimed the lives of Sam and Jenna's parents had claimed Jenna's life, but Sam altered time so that their parents died instead. After Goldburg's departure, their buxom bartender Vicki (Melissa Jones) seductively offers Sam a buttery nipple; he and Vicki have sex, but upon seeing Rebecca's photo, he cannot continue. Sam changes his mind and agrees to help Elizabeth out. He tries to help Lonnie without time-traveling, but Lonnie refuses the help, believing Sam to be the culprit. Frustrated, Sam travels back to June 1998. He first runs into a drunk Elizabeth, telling her to stay in her locked car. He goes into Rebecca's bedroom to find her already dead; while there, Elizabeth is attacked from her backseat. Sam returns to the present, to learn he no longer owns a car, is renting his couch to a roommate named Paco (Ulysses Hernandez), and no longer works for the police, instead being a discarded suspect for Rebecca's murder who has repeatedly asked for the case file. In 1998 Lonnie had seen Rebecca and Sam talking, and did not stop this time: as he was not at the murder scene, in this new present he is a wheelchair-using lawyer. Sam visits Goldburg, who suggests he go back to the scene of the third murder and this time only observe. Sam also visits Jenna, who is significantly better off and living more cleanly; she refuses to help him. Sam travels back to September 2000 and witnesses the third victim, Anita Barnes (Chantel Giacalone), being attacked, only to learn it is her boyfriend attempting to cater to her rape fetish. He is discovered and her boyfriend's punch sends him back to the present, where now Sam is renting a couch from Paco, who is about to evict him for non-payment. Goldburg is missing, and Lonnie is now the third victim while Anita remains alive, pepper-spraying him. At her apartment, Jenna tells him that Goldburg was about to implicate him in the murders, and furthermore tells him she fears a future Sam is the murderer. Sam complains he is now "too stupid" to fix things; Jenna pinky-swears him to not time-travel anymore. Drunk at the bar, he propositions Vicki, who is engaged in this timeline. After Sam leaves, the killer shows up and murders Vicki near an auto plant; her body is found by the police. As Sam left his receipt behind at the bar, he is hauled in by the police. Jenna extricates him; the police put a tail on him as he leaves. As he leaves, he takes Det. Glenn's (Lynch Travis) evidence notebook, which he uses to look at the scene of the crime and travel back to September 2004, before the bodies were found by the police. He returns to the present to find himself on Jenna's couch as she leaves for work, reminding him to clean up after himself and have dinner ready for her... their positions now effectively reversed from the beginning of the film. Sam returns to the auto plant, where the police lie in wait to arrest him. Sam convinces Det. Glenn to release him by telling him how his wife (Andrea Foster) mistook him for M.C. Hammer on their first meeting. Visiting home, Sam accidentally inhales some burundanga flowers from Goldburg's greenhouse, and barely can haul himself into the bathtub before time-traveling back to the abandoned auto plant, where he finds a severely injured Goldburg, and, running for help, is felled by a foothold trap. The killer approaches the trapped Sam, removing the mask as they approach to reveal that the killer is Jenna, who can also time travel. She has an incestuous love for her brother, having killed the women either because she perceived them as rivals for Sam's affections or because they were new witnesses introduced by Sam's rescue attempts. Sam travels back in time to the day of the fire that killed his parents; instead of saving Jenna, he traps her in her room. Sam awakes in a new timeline where he had fallen in love with Elizabeth (not Rebecca), and he, Elizabeth, and their daughter Jenna (named after his now-dead sister) (Alexis Sturr) are pulling up to a family barbecue, where he is greeted by his now-living parents and a perfectly healthy Goldburg. The film closes as Sam's daughter puts her Barbie doll on the grill and smiles as it begins to melt, implying that his young daughter has the same murderous psychotic tendences of Jenna. 