nm0000221:

 Hot Shots! Part Deux (1993)431) "Rambo" parody in which Topper Harley leads a rescue team into Iraq to save Iraqi war prisoners and all of their previous rescue teams. Topper Harley is found working as an odd-job-man in a monastery. The CIA wants him to lead a rescue mission into Iraq, to rescue the last rescue team, who went in to rescue the last rescue team who... who went in to rescue hostages left behind after Desert Storm. The President is Tug Benson, who also likes to be in on the action. Basically, it's a send-up of all the big shoot-em-up Rambo/Robocop/T2/Commando-type movies. Rob Hartill Topper Harley has retired again, now living in a budhist monastery, and again he's asked to lead a special operation into Iraq, to rescue the guys who were sent to rescue the guys who were sent to rescue some prisoners left behind after the Persian Gulf War, where he will meet again with his beloved Ramada while he tries to uncover who the traitor is and kill as many Iraqis as he can. xeneize007 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a covert government mission to rescue hostages from Operation Desert Storm, a group of U.S. soldiers fail to assassinate Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein (Jerry Haleva) and are captured by Iraqi forces. Because the mission has failed twice before, the eccentric and absent-minded former U.S. Navy Admiral Thomas "Tug" Benson (Lloyd Bridges), now the President of the United States, suspects the team is being sabotaged and decides to send retired Navy war hero Lieutenant Sean "Topper" Harley (Charlie Sheen) to intervene. Presidential Military Advisor Colonel Denton Walters (Richard Crenna) and Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) official Michelle Rodham Huddleston (Brenda Bakke) locate Topper in Thailand, fighting as a boxer and practicing Buddhism. He refuses to help rescue the imprisoned soldiers, still troubled by the abandonment of his lover, Ramada Rodham Hayman (Valeria Golino). Two weeks later, Topper learns that Colonel Walters has been captured during yet another botched hostage rescue. He reconsiders the CIA's plea and arrives at the White House during a diplomatic dinner with the Japanese prime minister. After the event, Michelle Huddleston seduces Topper in the backseat of her car and they return to her house to make love (a spoof of 'No Way Out'). When Michelle and Topper arrive in Iraq, they assume control of the operation from Commander Arvid Harbinger (Miguel Ferrer), the sole escapee of the second failed raid. Harbinger informs them they only have eleven hours to free the prisoners. Michelle orders Topper and Harbinger to lead Officers Rabinowitz (Ryan Stiles) and Williams (Michael Colyar) through the jungle, promising to meet them later. In the forest, the men encounter an intelligence contact that turns out to be Topper's former lover, Ramada. She explains she was married to Dexter Hayman (Rowan Atkinson), a CIA training pilot who was long presumed dead, and left Topper when she learned he was still alive. Although Topper and his team survive an Iraqi attack on their river patrol boat, Michelle informs President Benson they have gone missing. As they move toward the prison camp, Topper suspects Harbinger of being the saboteur, and Ramada reveals her husband is among the hostages. Sneaking inside the grounds, they steal the guard's keys and release Colonel Walters. Tired of fighting, Harbinger begins to cry. Satisfied he is not the traitor, Topper briefly stops to console him before resuming fire on hundreds of Iraqi guards. Ramada is shot in the crossfire, but a locket around her neck stops the bullet. Topper realizes the locket contains his photograph, and Ramada admits she never stopped loving him. Topper continues to Saddam Hussein's palace, where the dictator challenges him to a sword fight. Topper's sword breaks, but he resumes the duel using a cordless telephone antenna. Meanwhile, President Benson devises a new rescue mission in which he will personally SCUBA dive through Iraqi waters to reach the palace. He appears just in time to save Topper from being sliced open, and continues fighting in the younger man's place with a new sword. While President Benson distracts Saddam Hussein, Topper frees Dexter Hawley from his cell. Colonel Walters and the remainder of the team prepare to leave in Michelle's rescue helicopter, but Ramada stops upon seeing the CIA agent, who once was her college roommate. Michelle reveals herself to be the mole, declaring that she remains bitter over a past misunderstanding with Michelle and acted out of jealousy over Topper's affections. Inside the palace, President Barton sprays Hussein and his pet Yorkshire terrier with a fire extinguisher, and the pressurized nitrogen freezes their bodies, which shatter into thousands of tiny splinters (spoof of 'Terminator 2'). The pieces liquefy from the warmth of the fireplace and reform into Hussein, who is now adorned with his dog's fur, ears, and nose. Colonel Walters handcuffs Michelle and puts her on the helicopter back to the U.S. Once Topper reunites Ramada with her husband, Dexter, he urges his former lover to escape while he goes back for the president. Before they leave, Dexter insists on taking a photograph of Topper and Ramada, but falls backward over a cliff while attempting to frame the shot. President Benson catches up to Topper and the team, with Hussein in close pursuit. While the helicopter struggles to lift off, Topper lightens their load by pushing a grand piano overboard. The fallen instrument crushes Hussein (spoof of the house dropping on the witch in 'The Wizard of Oz'), and Topper kisses Ramada as they fly away on the helicopter into the sunset. 
 The Three Musketeers (1993)431) France, 1625: Young d'Artagnan heads to Paris to join the Musketeers but the evil cardinal has disbanded them - save 3. He meets the 3, Athos, Porthos and Aramis, and joins them on their quest to save the king and country. The three best of the disbanded Musketeers - Athos (Kiefer Sutherland), Porthos (Oliver Platt), and Aramis (Charlie Sheen) - join a young hotheaded would-be-Musketeer, D'Artagnan (Chris O'Donnell), to stop Cardinal Richelieu's (Tim Curry's) evil plot: to form an alliance with enemy England by way of the mysterious Countess D'Winter (Rebecca De Mornay). Rochefort (Michael Wincott), the Cardinal's right-hand man, announces the official disbanding of the King's Musketeers. Three, however, refuse to throw down their swords - Athos, the fighter and drinker, Porthos, the pirate and lover, and Aramis, the priest and poet. Arriving in Paris to join the Musketeers, D'Artagnan uncovers the Cardinal's plans, and the four set out on a mission to protect King Louis (Hugh O'Conor) and France. TheLogicalGhost A Disney-ized retelling of Dumas' classic swashbuckling story of three swordsmen of the disbanded French King's guard, plus one young man who dreams to become one of them, who seek to save King Louis (Hugh O'Conor) from the scheming Cardinal Richelieu (Tim Curry). Jokes and stunts are the expected fare in this light-hearted and jaunty adventure. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1625 France, following in his late fathers footsteps, D'Artagnan (Chris O'Donnell) sets off to Paris in hopes of becoming a member of the Musketeers, a band of men sworn to serve and protect the King of France. D'Artagnan is pursued by Grard and his brothers, who accuse him of blemishing their sister's honor. Grard had saw his sister kissing D'Artagnan goodbye or as D'Artagnan put it "she wanted to give me something to remember her by!". At Musketeer headquarters, Captain Rochefort (Michael Wincott) and the cardinal's guards have disbanded the musketeers as per the orders of Cardinal Richelieu (Tim Curry), the King's minister, ostensibly to help fight in an impending war with England. Rochefort confides to the Cardinal that there are three musketeers that have refused to relinquish their duties: Athos (Kiefer Sutherland), Porthos (Oliver Platt), and Aramis (Charlie Sheen). Upon reaching Paris, the headstrong D'Artagnan has a series of chance physical encounters with these same three musketeers, resulting in D'Artagnan accepting a sword duel with each one that very day. D'Artagnan arrives at the Ruins for his first duel and, much to his surprise, Athos, Porthos and Aramis reveal themselves as musketeers. But before the duels can commence, the captain of the cardinal's guard appears with orders to arrest the resistant musketeers. Although D'Artagnan himself is not under arrest, he joins the three musketeers in the ensuing skirmish, implicating himself with them. Displeased (but still impressed) by D'Artagnan's involvement, the three musketeers leave d'Artagnan behind. More of the Cardinals guards, led by Rochefort, arrive and D'Artagnan is captured. D'Artagnan refuses to cooperate with the investigator to the three musketeer's whereabouts or about their intentions (which D'Artagnan does know know). During an escape attempt, D'Artagnan is able to eavesdrop on a conversation between Cardinal Richelieu and Countess Milady de Winter (Rebecca De Mornay), as the Cardinal asks that she deliver a signed treaty to the Duke of Buckingham of England. Before he can get a view of the Cardinal's spy, D'Artagnan is caught at the doorway by Rochefort. He is then interrogated by the Cardinal to what he knows, and Richelieu ultimately orders D'Artagnan for execution the next morning. At the execution, d'Artagnan is saved by Porthos and Aramis, who are dressed as the hooded executioners, and the three make a getaway in the Cardinal's personal coach, driven by Athos. While D'Artagnan reveals Richelieu's plans, the three musketeers decide to intercept Richelieu's spy to prove that the Cardinal is guilty of treason. Meanwhile, Cardinal Richelieu tries to convince the young and naive King Louis XIII (Hugh O'Conor), about the three rogue musketeers and of his desire to capture them for treason. Louis knows that that Richelieu might have a hidden agenda for his reason to track down the three renegade musketeers, but allows him to proceed with the search. At the same time, Cardinal Richelieu begins to spend more time around the young king's wife Queen Sophie of Austria (Gabrielle Anwar) who also finds his presence, creepy, but that he is too powerful to confront, keeps her distance to him. That night, D'Artagnan and the three musketeers stop at an inn to rest. Athos tells the story of a count that fell in love with a beautiful woman, but upon discovering that she was branded for execution, betrayed her by giving her up to the authorities. The party decides to split up during a skirmish when the cardinal's guards arrive and open fire on them with muskets. Athos sends D'Artagnan to ride ahead and intercept the Cardinal's spy and the treaty, but D'Artagnan passes out from exhaustion in the middle of the road. The next morning when D'Artagnan wakes up, he finds he is stripped of his weapons and clothes and Milady de Winter is there to rouse and seduce him. Not knowing who she is, D'Artagnan tells her of his plans, whereupon she tries to kill him. Instead, D'Artagnan convinces her to keep him alive. When Milady de Winter's party tries to escape by boat to England, they find that the crew has been killed by Porthos and Aramis, and another sword skirmish ensues. Milady attempts to run away, but is confronted by the newly arrived Athos, who recognizes her and calls her 'Sabine'. He is astonished to see her, as he thought she was dead. It is revealed that HE was the count of his story and that Sabine was the wife he betrayed. Milady de Winter is then apprehended by her former brother-in-law, as Sabine is responsible for killing her husband, Lord de Winter she is sentenced to death by execution. The three musketeers retrieve the treaty and learn that the Cardinal is planning something on King Louis's birthday, though it does not specify what in the treaty. Athos attempts to learn what it is by visiting Sabine in her cell. She asks if he can stop her execution tomorrow. Athos cannot and Sabine does not reveal what the Cardinal's plan is. During the execution, just as Sabine is lowering her head for the executioner to be beheaded, Athos stops him and begs forgiveness from Sabine for his betrayal. She accepts and whispers to Athos that Richelieu plans to assassinate King Louis. She then jumps off a cliff to her death. The three musketeers set out to re-band the rest of the musketeers, in secret, for the king's birthday celebration. Richelieu and Rochefort hire a sharpshooter to assassinate the king. During the assembly, D'Artagnan is able to stop the sniper from killing the king, but the shot narrowly misses its target and the Cardinal blames the musketeers in the crowd for the attempted assassination. Athos, Porthos and Aramis drop their cloaks to show their musketeer tunics and face the Cardinal's guards. Meanwhile, several men from the crowd rush to their sides and reveal that they are musketeers. A climatic sword battle between the musketeers and the Cardinal's guards engulfs the palace. Richelieu takes the King and Queen as hostages and tries to take them to the dungeon below. Aramis confronts the Cardinal to stop him, but Richelieu shoots him in the chest with a pistol and makes his way into the passageway to the dungeon. Athos duels Rochefort and D'Artagnan interrupts the battle to fight Rochefort himself. During D'Artagnan's duel, Rochefort reveals that he was the one that murdered D'Artagnan's father. D'Artagnan, from anger, renews his efforts to kill him. Rochefort fights back and is able to disarm D'Artagnan. Just as Rochefort is about to deal D'Artagnan the final blow, someone off-camera (later revealed to be Constance) slides D'Artagnan's sword back to him and Rochefort is killed before he can strike. D'Artagnan has finally avenged his father's death. Constance, on the stairs, moves the sword away and puts her hands in his, smiling. Athos joins Porthos, who is at the unconscious Aramis side, and as they search for his wound, Aramis suddenly wakes, and it is revealed that the bullet was stopped by the huge brass cross that Aramis wears. They follow Richelieu into the dungeons and split up to stop him from killing the King and Queen. In the dungeon, Athos and Porthos just miss the Cardinal as his boat casts off on the underground river. Athos says that they have proof of Richelieu's treason, but Richelieu does not seem to care. The boatman then casts off his cloak and the Cardinal is astonished to see that it is Aramis. Aramis attempts to apprehend the Cardinal, but King Louis XIII stops him and punches Richelieu, knocking him in to the river. (It is the last time Richelieu appears in the film, so his fate is left unknown.) A few days later, the musketeers are reinstated by the King. Accompanied by Athos, Aramis and Porthos, D'Artagnan is honored in a ceremony. King Louis makes him a musketeer. Constance, who has remained by the Queen's side, runs to him and gives him a big embrace, impressing both Aramis and Porthos. Outside Musketeer headquarters, Grard and his brothers suddenly appear and challenge D'Artagnan to an immediate duel. D'Artagnan tells his new friends that he will take care of this problem and Porthos stops him from continuing, stating that since now he is a musketeer, musketeers protect each other. D'Artagnan calls out, "All for one"... and the rest of the musketeers shout out, "One for all!" The film ends with Grard and his brothers being chased by the entire division of musketeers. 
 Wall Street (1987)761) A young and impatient stockbroker is willing to do anything to get to the top, including trading on illegal inside information taken through a ruthless and greedy corporate raider who takes the youth under his wing. On the Wall Street of the 1980s, Bud Fox is a stockbroker full of ambition, doing whatever he can to make his way to the top. Admiring the power of the unsparing corporate raider Gordon Gekko, Fox entices Gekko into mentoring him by providing insider trading. As Fox becomes embroiled in greed and underhanded schemes, his decisions eventually threaten the livelihood of his scrupulous father. Faced with this dilemma, Fox questions his loyalties. Jwelch5742 "Greed is Good." This is the credo of the aptly named Gordon Gekko (Michael Douglas), the antihero of Oliver Stone's Wall Street. Gekko, a high-rolling corporate raider, is idolized by young-and-hungry broker Bud Fox (Charlie Sheen). Inveigling himself into Gekko's inner circle, Fox quickly learns to rape, murder and bury his sense of ethics. Only when Gekko's wheeling and dealing causes a near-tragedy on a personal level does Fox "reform"-though his means of destroying Gekko are every bit as underhanded as his previous activities on the trading floor. Director Stone, who co-wrote Wall Street with Stanley Weiser, has claimed that the film was prompted by the callous treatment afforded his stockbroker father after 50 years in the business; this may be why the film's most compelling scenes are those between Bud Fox and his airline mechanic father (played by Charlie Sheen's real-life dad Martin). In the 1980s, an ambitious young broker is lured into the illegal, lucrative world of corporate espionage when he is seduced by the power, status, and financial wizardry of Gordon Gekko. But he soon discovers the pursuit of overnight riches comes at a price that's too high to pay. yusufpiskin Bud Fox is a Wall Street stockbroker in early 1980's New York with a strong desire to get to the top. Working for his firm during the day, he spends his spare time working an on angle with the high-powered, extremely successful (but ruthless and greedy) broker Gordon Gekko. Fox finally meets with Gekko, who takes the youth under his wing and explains his philosophy that "Greed is Good". Taking the advice and working closely with Gekko, Fox soon finds himself swept into a world of "yuppies", shady business deals, the "good life", fast money, and fast women; something which is at odds with his family including his estranged father and the blue-collared way Fox was brought up. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Bud Fox is an ambitious stock trader who will do just about anything to get into the big leagues. He has been actively courting Gordon Gekko, one of the biggest stock speculators on Wall Street. Gekko manipulates the market using inside information and his motto best describes his approach: greed is good. Nothing will stop him from pursuing a good deal and he takes advantage of Bud's burning to desire to succeed. Soon, Bud finds himself getting information from any source and using to gain an advantage. It all comes to a head however when Gekko targets Blue Star airlines, the company where Bud's father has worked for 24 years, secretly planning to break it up and plunder the employees' retirement fund. garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York City, 1985. Bud Fox (Charlie Sheen) is an ambitious, young junior stockbroker at Jackson Steinem & Co. a local Wall Street stock and trading firm, desperate to get to the top. He wants to become involved with his hero, the corporate raider Gordon Gekko (Michael Douglas), a ruthless and legendary Wall Street player. During the day, Bud spends a large portion of his time making cold calls to investors who mostly turn him down. At one point one of his clients cancels a deal he'd made with Bud and Bud is responsible for the $7000 loss. After work, Fox's meets with his father Carl (Martin Sheen), at a bar in nearby Queens for drinks. Carl Fox is a blue-collar maintenance foreman for a small and struggling airline company called Bluestar Airlines. In a casual conversation, Carl tells Bud that the Federal Aviation Authority (FAA) has cleared Bluestar of responsibility for a major incident in which it was involved. Some days later, Bud Fox visits Gordon Gekko on his birthday and, bringing him a box of his favorite brand of Cuban cigars, is granted a brief interview, pitches him stocks of a few promising companies, but Gekko is unimpressed. Realizing that Gekko may not do business with him, a desperate Fox provides him with the information about Bluestar which the FAA has yet to make public. Gekko tells him he will think about it. A dejected Fox returns to his office and receives a phone call from Gekko himself, who places an order for Bluestar stock, becoming one of Fox's clients. Over the next few weeks, Fox makes more stock deals with Gekko which fall through, but the corporate raider has taken a liking for the young man and takes him under his wing. However, Gekko makes it clear that he does not want just a few tips on the stock market: he wants inside information of the sort that should be confidential, obtained by any means necessary, even if it involves using unethical and illegal methods. Desperate to advance in life, Fox agrees. One of his first assignments is to spy on British corporate raider Sir Lawrence Wildman (Terence Stamp) and discern his next move. By following Wildman through New York, Fox discovers that he is out to take control of a major steel company, Anacott, in Pennsylvania and informs Gekko who leaks the news to the press and then and buys the controlling shares. On that weekend, Gekko invites Fox to his house on the Hamptons in Long Island where Fox gets a look at the corporate raider's family life and gets to meet his wife Kate (Sean Young), the mother of Gekko's two-year-old son Rudy and infant daughter. Fox also has a run-in with an attractive blond lady who introduces herself as Darien (Daryl Hannah). Over drinks, Darien tells Fox that she works as an interior decorator in New York and she knows Gekko because he is a frequent client of hers and has done work on his house and city apartment. Fox asks Darien out on a date for later, and she agrees to one. A little later, Wildman arrives uninvited and confronts Gekko about the takeover of the steel company. Wildman claims that he is not out to "asset strip" the steel company but to improve its infrastructure and make something of it. After trading some personal insults, the two men agree to a deal where Gekko will sell it back to Wildman for a large cost. Over the next year, Fox's star is on the rise. He makes good money and enjoys Gekko's perks, including purchasing a penthouse on Manhattan's Upper East Side and Darien becomes his trophy live-in mistress and the decorator of his home. However, it is hinted that Darien is a former lover of Gekko's. Still employed by Jackson Steinem, Fox is promoted as a result of the large commission fees he is bringing in from Gekko's trading and is given a corner office with a view. He continues to maximize insider information, going so far as disguising himself as a cleaning company supervisor and breaking into the offices of lawyers and businesses after hours in order to obtain necessary data. Bud also involves a friend of his, Roger (James Spader) who has become a high-priced lawyer in finance and provides Bud with inside information about some of his clients. Fox believes that the Bluestar Airlines can be improved and made a commercial success. He persuades Gekko to buy Bluestar and expand it using savings achieved by union concessions. The union leaders, including Fox's father Carl, are invited to Fox's apartment in order to discuss the proposal. Only Carl Fox proves to be hostile to the idea since he does not trust Gekko and feels that Gekko only wants to buy up and then liquidate the airline, but, after a row with his son, he agrees to put it to his men. Things seem to be going well until Bud visits Roger, who tells him they have to cut off their covert communication because the SEC is investigating Roger. Roger also invites Bud to a shareholders meeting where Bud learns that Gekko has indeed double-crossed him and in fact intends to sell off all of Bluestar's assets leaving Carl and the entire Bluestar staff unemployed once the stock peaks at it's price. Fox himself stands to make a fortune on such a move but is racked with guilt since it was never his intention to break up Bluestar, especially since many of the staff happen to be friends whom he has known for a long time and friends of his father's. Just then, Fox learns that his father has been admitted to the hospital from a heart attack. At his father's bedside, Fox apologizes to his father for doubting him. Fox resolves to destroy Gekko's plans to take over Bluestar. Darien tries to talk him out of it, pointing out the money that they are going to earn and the danger of making an enemy out of Gekko. Fox refuses to listen to her arguments and they break up, leading her to walk out on him for good. A few days later, Fox and the union leaders privately meet Gekko's rival, Sir Laurence Wildman, who agrees to take over ownership of Bluestar, and, in return for union concessions, save it from being stripped. The next day, Fox then gets his colleagues at Jackson Steinem to persuade their clients to invest in Bluestar. Using Gekko's own methods, he leaks the news of Gekko's takeover of Bluestar which sends the share price up. The union leaders then confront Gekko, warning him that they know of his plans to liquidate the company (which of course he calmly denies) and threatening to make life so difficult for the customers that by the time the company is broken up it will be next to worthless. Gekko decides to cut his loses and pull out of Bluestar - "What the hell. So we only make 10 million instead of 20 million." - but Fox then gets his contacts to dump their Bluestar stocks which sends the share price plummeting. Gekko is unable to find buyers for his own stock, "I am losing millions!", and is forced to sell at a loss. Once the share price has gone down as far as it can, Wildman buys it up, taking over Bluestar. Gekko finds out about Wildman's dealings from the nightly news and is enraged. The next day, a triumphant Fox arrives at work at Jackson Steinem & Co. where he is confronted by the police and the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Apparently Gekko tipped them off about Fox's insider dealings which they themselves have been investigating for some time. Fox is arrested, handcuffed and led out of the office in tears. Some time later, Fox confronts Gekko in rainy Central Park. Gekko berates him for his betrayal. He then viciously assaults Fox, but not before mentioning several of their illegal business transactions. Unknown to Gekko, Fox was wearing a wire which he then turns over to the federal authorities. A few days later, Carl Fox drives his son to the New York City courthouse where he will face the consequences for his insider trading and securities fraud charges. After having a few words with his father, Fox exits the car and walks up the steps to the courthouse alone as the image pans back to the skyline view of New York. It is strongly implied that Bud Fox will go to jail for his greed, but his co-operation to implicate Gekko with him in their insider trading schemes could mean a lesser sentence and Wildman has offered him a job at Bluestar upon his release... whenever that will be. 
 Two and a Half Men (20032015)55) A hedonistic jingle writer's free-wheeling life comes to an abrupt halt when his brother and 10-year-old nephew move into his beach-front house. The Harper brothers Charlie and Alan are almost opposites but form a great team. They have little in common except their dislike for their mundane, maternally cold and domineering mother, Evelyn. Alan, a compulsively neat chiropractor and control-freak, is thrown out by his manipulative wife Judith who nevertheless gets him to pay for everything and do most jobs in the house. Charlie is a freelance jingle composer and irresistible Cassanova who lives in a luxurious beach-house and rarely gets up before noon. Charlie "temporarily" allows Alan and his son Jake, a food-obsessed, lazy kid who shuttles between his parents, to move in with them after Alan's separation/divorce. The sitcom revolves around their conflicting lifestyles, raising Jake (who has the efficient, caring dad while having a ball with his fun-loving sugar uncle who teaches him boyish things), and bantering with Evelyn and various other friends and family. Other fairly regular characters include Charlie's cleaning lady Berta and his rich, self-confessed stalker neighbor Rose who often sneaks in to spy on Charlie. KGF Vissers After the death of his brother, Alan Harper meets and befriends a lonely young man named Walden Schmidt who turns out to be a billionaire. Unable to afford his brother's home, Alan sells Walden the house, and as a way of showing his gratitude, Walden allows Alan and his son Jake to move in with him. Anonymous Chiropractor and single father Alan Harper lives in a beachfront house with divorced Internet billionaire Walden Schmidt, who bought the house following the untimely death of Alan's brother, Charlie. As they acclimate to their living arrangement, the tightly wound Alan finds himself taking on a mentor role with Walden, whose lifelong dependence on being taken care of has left him a bit naive. Despite his unsuccessful romantic history, Alan also tries to help Walden overcome his limited experiences with dating. Berta, a sharp-tongued, unapologetic housekeeper, is also featured in the series. Jwelch5742 Jingle-writer Charlie is forced to change his lifestyle and learn to control his drinking, smoking, gambling and womanizing when after a twelve years marriage his fresh dumped-by-wife brother and his son need a place to stay. Everything re-changes again after almost ten years when Charlie dies. Everybody's devastation is swallowed when internet billionaire Walden Schmidt buys the house that used to be Charlie's and nothing is the same. Naw Neine It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 