nm0009449:

 Berani Punya Budak (2012)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shuhaimi Abdullah/Tong and his brother-in-law, Pairot just arrived at the airport. They were caught and were interrogated by Interpol. The Interpol suspected that they are involved with Thai gangsters. Here, Shuhaimi tells us the story that his brother in law just out of jail. Pairot is back to living a normal life running a restaurant with his brother-in-law, Tong. However one day he gets a call to do one last job to steal some client information details from a credit card company. He is forced to do it because the caller has kidnapped Tong and threatens to kill him if he fails to do so. Pairot does the job and managed to locate and help Tong to escape. But things got worse when he found that he had been identified as the information thief and now is on the run from the police and Metropolitan Mafia, who turned up to kill Pairot and Tong. They both managed to escape and decided to go to the vice president of credit card to inform them that Pairot was not acting on his own and had done the heist under duress. However, they discovered that there are other forces at work. As they got deeper and deeper into the web of deceit, they realized that things are not as they seemed and that they have been set up completely, and not by the people they thought. Follow them in the high - impact action as they fight their way to justice. (Source: Alternate Pictures) 
 Idola (2002)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Leftenan Adnan (2000)211) This film is about a Malaysian soldier, Lieutenant Adnan Saidi, who fought bravely against the Japanese Imperial Army during World War 2. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is a film about a Malaysian soldier, Lt. Adnan, who gave his life in defending Malaya from the Japanese invasion during World War II. It exemplifies an example of the patriotic spirit that should be in every Malaysian. Lt. Adnan was a courageous individual who was willing to give everything, including his life, for the people and nation. He also succeeded in destroying the widely held myth that Malays were good only as rebels and pirates. He believed that no matter what, as a patriotic citizen, one had to fight until the last drop of blood to defend the nation. 
 XX Ray (1992)Summaries The discovery of XX Ray - a device that allows one to see through things, becomes a disaster when Anuar deliberately sneaks it out and brings it to a party. In the struggle to save this device from Karim, Amir becomes invisible. Will Anuar and Amir succeed in getting the device back or will Amir remain invisible? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 