nm0010219:

 Single Action (1998)Summaries The killing of a political leader shatters the peace of a small Mexican town. MANCO, the brother of the murdered presidential candidate knows the killer and sets out to exact his revenge. Arriving to investigate the assassination is special agent AMIGO from the Mexican Intelligence. Amigo quickly strikes up a friendship with a local hotel owner who fills him in on the town's seedy characters and gives Amigo a Single Action revolver. The stage is set for Amigo and Manco to join forces and take down the powerful and dangerous CAMARO family responsible for the murder and the corruption of the town. To gain the confidence of Camaro, Amigo breaks his top henchman out of jail. Amigo is welcomed into the Camaro gang. Camaro soon discovers Amigo's connection with Manco and plots to take him out. The situation reaches a boiling point on the US/Mexican border when Amigo, Manco, and Camaro meet for an old-fashioned Western shootout where truth and justice prevail in one single action. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 El Mariachi (1992)541) A traveling mariachi is mistaken for a murderous criminal and must hide from a gang bent on killing him. El Mariachi just wants to play his guitar and carry on the family tradition. Unfortunately, the town he tries to find work in has another visitor...a killer who carries his guns in a guitar case. The drug lord and his henchmen mistake El Mariachi for the killer, Azul, and chase him around town trying to kill him and get his guitar case. Josh Pasnak <chainsaw@intouch.bc.ca> El Mariachi just simply wants to play his guitar, no harm done, no questions asked. Unfortunately, he makes the mistake of attempting to find work in a local town, just when an assassin who keeps his guns in a guitar case hits town. El Mariachi is mistaken for the assassin. Not good. neo101 American crime lord Moco has set up a lucrative business in Mexico. He tries to rub out his imprisoned employee Azul. However, Azul overcomes the hit-men and escapes, determined to get his revenge. Meanwhile, a wandering mariachi comes to the same town looking for work. As Azul's trademark is his guitar case filled with weapons, the Mariachi is mistaken for him and finds himself a hunted man. Everyone looking for him likes to shoot first and ask questions later, so correcting the misunderstanding will not be easy. rmlohner Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a small Mexican town, a ruthless criminal, nicknamed Azul, breaks out of jail and vows revenge on the local drug lord, Moco, who put him there in the first place, by using a guitar case which carries a small arsenal of guns. At the same time, a young mariachi arrives in the town looking for work, carrying his guitar case with his signature guitar. From the confines of his heavily guarded villa on the outskirts of town, Moco sends a large group of hitmen to kill Azul, but because both men are dressed in black and carrying guitar cases, the hitmen mistake the mariachi for the criminal. Only Moco knows what Azul looks like. The mariachi kills four of Moco's men in self-defense. As the mariachi seeks refuge in a bar owned by a woman, named Domin, he falls in love with her. Unfortunately, her bar is financed by Moco. When Azul visits the bar for a beer and information about Moco, he accidentally leaves with the mariachi's guitar case. Moco's thugs capture Azul on the street but let him go when they learn that the case he is carrying contains only a guitar. A short time later, the mariachi is captured and taken to Moco, who identifies him as the wrong man and sets him free. Meanwhile, Azul, who has no directions to Moco's home, takes Domin with him and orders her to take him to Moco's, or he will kill the mariachi. Domin agrees in order to save the mariachi's life. When they arrive at Moco's gated compound, Azul pretends to take Domin hostage in order to gain entry. Moco soon realizes that Domin has fallen for the mariachi and, in a rage, shoots both her and Azul. Suddenly, the mariachi arrives to find the woman he loves gunned down. Moco then shoots the mariachi's left hand, rendering him useless as a guitar player. However, overcome with grief and rage, the mariachi picks up Azul's gun and kills Moco, taking revenge for Domin's death. Moco's surviving henchmen, seeing their leader dead, walk off and leave Moco's body and the wounded mariachi behind. In the final scene, the mariachi leaves the town on Domin's motorbike, taking her dog and her letter-opener to remember her by. His dreams to become a mariachi have been shattered, and his only protection for his future are the weapons of Azul, which he took along in the guitar case. 
 Flower of Night (1925)Summaries California of 1856, Don Geraldo y Villalon, descendant of Spanish grandees, has had the Flor de Noche gold mine wrested from him by dishonest Americans. Carlota, his daughter, falls in love with John Basset, the new assistant superintendent at the mine, and goes to a dance, against her father's wishes, to be near him. Mine superintendent Derck Bylandt, who has had too much to drink, dies of a heart attack when he tries to force Carlota to dance with him. Disgusted with the scene, Basset ignores her. She confesses to her father that she has disgraced the Villalon name, and he commits suicide. She then goes to San Francisco and becomes a dance hall girl. Stung by Basset's contempt, she accepts the offer of infatuated Luke Rand, the sinister head of the Vigilance Committee, to help her recover the mine. She recants when she realizes that Basset's life is in danger. In the end, Basset kills Rand; and he and Carlota realize their mutual love. Pamela short It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Son of the Beach (20002002)Summaries A parody of "Baywatch" featuring Malibu Adjacent's world-famous lifeguard, Notch Johnson. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 