nm0005089:

 The General's Daughter (1999)651) When the daughter of a well-known and well-respected base commander is murdered, an undercover detective is summoned to look into the matter and finds a slew of cover-ups at West Point. The naked corpse of Captain Elisabeth Campbell, daughter of Lieutenant General "Fighting Joe" Campbell, is found staked out on the urban warfare range of Fort MacCallum. Army CID detectives and ex-lovers Paul Brenner and Sara Sunhill are called in to investigate, and find themselves wrapped up in a maelstrom of sexual impropriety and misguided face-saving. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> When a general's daughter, an army captain in psychological operations, is found murdered, two warrant officers are brought in to investigate. The young woman was staked down with tent stakes, strangled, and presumably raped. But what the investigators find is even more bizarre, relating back to her days at West Point and involving the general himself and his aide. The daughter's one confidant also ends up as an apparent suicide and is assumed to be the culprit. Cover-ups and sexual scandals rampage throughout the film. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Paul Brenner, an investigator for the Army's Criminal Investigation Division, joins with his former flame Sara Sunhill, also an investigator, to uncover the truth behind the apparently ritualistic murder of a woman officer who also happens to be the daughter of the Commanding General of Fort McCallum, Georgia. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> Military police detectives Paul Brenner and Sarah Sunhill investigate a horrifically bizarre rape and murder of a respected female Pysch-Ops officer who is also the daughter of a renowned retiring general. Yet the case becomes more complicated when the autopsy showed no evidence of sexual assault. Furthermore, that is but the beginning of the twists when they discover the victim's secret life, her past and a disturbing determination by senior staff to keep this investigation short and quiet. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The body of Captain Elisabeth Campbell (Leslie Stefanson), a rising military star who teaches psychological warfare, has been found tied down to the ground in the middle of an urban warfare training field at Fort MacCallum in Georgia. As a result, the base's head MP, Colonel Bill Kent (Timothy Hutton), has called on his old friend, Criminal Investigation Division (CID) Warrant Officer Paul Brenner (John Travolta) to investigate. Brenner discovers that Elisabeth's father is legendary three-star General Joe Campbell (James Cromwell), Brenner's former commanding officer, and Joe is currently a potential Vice Presidential candidate. Joe is willing to cooperate in any fashion, but both Joe and his right-hand man, Colonel George Fowler (Clarence Williams III), want Brenner to do things "the Army way" -- that is, keep it quiet -- and they inform Brenner that he has 36 hours before the FBI will take over the case. Brenner discovers that the CID rape investigator assigned to the case is Sarah Sunhill (Madeleine Stowe), a woman that Brenner was once involved with. As the two investigate the case, they search Elisabeth's home, and discover a secret room full of equipment that's used for kinky sex. There are also video tapes. It seems that Elisabeth had been having sex with a lot of the men who are stationed at Fort MacCallum, and she had been videotaping it. Sarah heads out to the car, and while Paul is on his way out of the house, he's attacked by a man who steals evidence from him. Later, Paul and Sarah talk to Private First-Class Robbin (Ariyan A. Johnson), who was on guard duty in a tower on the night of the murder. According to Robbin, Elisabeth was like an advocate for women in the army -- Robbin explains that there's a lot of stuff that women have to put up with in the army, and that a lot of men don't like the fact that there are women in the army. Elisabeth encouraged women, and stood up for them, and even organized meetings for female enlisted. Robbin tells Elisabeth that she saw car headlights at the murder scene three times on the night of the murder -- once at 3:00am, once at 3:30am, and once at 4:00am. Later, at a bar, Sarah tells Paul that Elisabeth got a degree at the United States Military Academy (aka Army) in West Point, New York, and that something happened to Elisabeth in her sophomore year 7 years ago, but Sarah doesn't know what it is. That night, while going over the murder scene by herself, Sarah is attacked. Paul suspects that Elisabeth's commanding officer, Colonel Robert Moore (James Woods), one of the men that Elisabeth slept with, might've somehow been involved in the murder, so he arrests Robert, and demands that Robert tell him what happened to Elisabeth in her sophomore year at West Point, but Robert refuses to say what it is. After that, Paul and Sarah confront Captain Jake Elby (Boyd Kestner). It was Jake who attacked Sarah. Jake is another man that Elisabeth slept with, and he didn't want his superiors to know that. Jake tells Sarah and Paul that Elisabeth and Joe were not close to each other. Jake says that Elisabeth even slept with Deputy Wes Yardley (Chris Snyder), the son of local police chief Yardley (Daniel von Bargen). Jake says that Elisabeth had mentioned that she was conducting a field experiment in psychological warfare, and that her enemy was Joe. Sarah and Paul go to the jail to talk to Robert, who has been released by Bill. That news sends Paul and Sarah to Robert's house, where they find Robert dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound. Later, forensics expert Cal Seiver (Rick Dial), who did the forensics work on Elisabeth's murder scene, tells Paul and Sarah that Elisabeth was not raped on the night of her murder. Fowler tells Paul that he wants the case closed immediately, with Robert named as Elisabeth's killer, but Paul refuses to back down. Sarah gets Elisabeth's psychological report from when she was a student at West Point, and also gets some pages from Elisabeth's medical file. That leads Paul and Sarah to decide to go to West Point to interview Elisabeth's former psychiatrist, Colonel Donald Slesinger (John Beasley). Donald tells them that 7 years ago in her sophomore year, Elisabeth was one of the academy's top students, and that she outdid a lot of the men during training runs. At the end of Elisabeth's sophomore year, there was a big nighttime exercise, and there were thousands of students involved in it. Elisabeth got separated from her group, and she found herself with about a half dozen men. They tied her down, exactly the way she was tied down on the night of her murder, and after tying Elisabeth down, they severely beat her up, and they raped her almost to death, all night long, taking turns. They threatened to kill Elisabeth if she talked. Elisabeth was hospitalized and treated for venereal disease, and it was discovered that the rape did not get her pregnant. No conception had happened. Donald tells Paul and Sarah where his office key is hidden, and then tells them to check Elisabeth's file, which gives the name of Captain Bransford (Brad Beyer). That day, 36 hours after Elisabeth's murder, Sarah confronts Bransford, who was with the men who raped Elisabeth 7 years ago. Bransford admits that he tried to stop the rape, but the men who raped her hated her venomously. They hated that she was smarter than they were, and they hated being out there with a woman. Bransford did everything he could, but he couldn't make them stop raping Elisabeth. Bransford tells Sarah that the rapists were his recon squad, and that the names of the recon squad members are in the academy's yearbook from that year. Paul discovers that Robert had placed a call to Joe on the night of the murder. Paul goes to Joe's house, and confronts Joe, who admits that he was stationed in Berlin, Germany at the time of the rape at West Point. Joe went to West Point as soon as he was told about the rape, but before arriving at the academy, Joe met with his friend, General Sonnenberg (John Frankenheimer), at a hotel close to the academy. Fowler was also at the meeting. General Sonnenberg told Joe to tell Elisabeth to forget about the rape so the academy wouldn't look bad. Paul tells Joe that Sarah has the names of the rapists, who will be facing up to 20 years each in prison. Paul also tells Joe that the recreation of the rape on the night of Elisabeth's murder was Elisabeth's idea, because she had declared psychological war on Joe. First, Elisabeth placed a call to Joe to be at the base no later than 3:30am. At 3:00am that morning, with the first set of headlights that Private Robbin saw belonging to Robert, Elisabeth had Robert tie her down in the same position the rapists placed her in 7 years ago, so Joe would see Elisabeth in that position in person, because she wanted Joe to know what he callously helped cover up at West Point. Joe, who knew that Elisabeth had been sleeping with most of the men on the base, had callously given Elisabeth an ultimatum -- resign her commission or agree to some sort of therapy, and that if she rejected both of those choices, Joe would instruct the staff judge advocate to investigate Elisabeth and draw up charges for a general court martial. On the night of the murder, at about 3:30am, Joe, whose car had the second set of headlights Private Robbin saw, went to the base to get an answer to the ultimatum, and found Elisabeth tied down. Joe callously got angry, left the base, and called Fowler. Fowler's car had the third set of headlights that Private Robbin saw at 4:00am. By the time Fowler arrived at the base at 4:00am, Elisabeth had already been killed. Fowler left. Fowler explains that when he and Joe discovered that Elisabeth had been sleeping with a lot of the men on the base, it was too late for official action. Joe and Fowler would have had to ask for the resignations of Elisabeth and all of the men Elisabeth slept with, and then Joe and Fowler themselves would've had to resign. Fowler vows to always be loyal to Joe, no matter what. This conversation with Joe and Fowler leads Paul to the realization that Elisabeth's killer is Colonel Bill Kent, the base's head MP. Bill was in love with Elisabeth, who didn't want him, because she was afraid to trust men -- an effect that was caused by the rape at West Point. Bill had become obsessed with Elisabeth. Sometime between 3:30am and 4:00am on the night of the murder, Bill found her tied down, and when she spit in his face and angrily rejected his advances, and rejected his attempts to untie her, Bill became angry, and strangled her to death. Paul races to the murder scene, where he confronts Bill, who is holding Sarah hostage. Bill has buried a system of mines that work as follows: One man trips the primary mine, and shrapnel hits everyone within range. But just as Bill steps on a mine, Paul gets Sarah out of the way, and the mine explodes and kills Bill. Paul decides to court martial Joe, who has always been trying to selfishly further his own career at Elisabeth's expense. Joe is found guilty of his involvement in the cover-up of Elisabeth's rape, and Joe subsequently withdraws from public life. On the screen, we see a message that says "Today, nearly 200,000 women serve on active duty in the military services." 
 Hannibal (2001)651) Living in exile, Dr. Hannibal Lecter tries to reconnect with now disgraced F.B.I. Agent Clarice Starling, and finds himself a target for revenge from a powerful victim. The final chapter of the Dr. Hannibal Lecter quadrilogy, the murdering cannibal. He is presently in Italy, and works as a curator at a museum. Clarice Starling (Julianne Moore), the F.B.I. Agent who he aided to apprehend a serial killer, was placed in charge of an operation, but when one of her men botches it, she's called to the mat by the Bureau. One high ranking official, Paul Krendler (Ray Liotta) has it in for her. But she gets a reprieve because Mason Verger (Gary Oldman), one of Lecter's victims who is looking to get back at Lecter for what Lecter did to him, wants to use Starling to lure him out. When Lecter sends her a note, she learns that he's in Italy, so she asks the Police to keep an eye out for him. But a corrupt Policeman, who wants to get the reward that Verger placed on him, tells Verger where he is, but they fail to get him. Later, Verger decides to frame Starling, which makes Lecter return to the U.S., and the race to get Lecter begins. rcs0411@yahoo.com Hiding behind a pseudonym, the sophisticated cannibal and methodical serial killer, Dr Hannibal Lecter, finds himself somewhere in Florence to pick up where he left off, ten whole years after the events of The Silence of the Lambs (1991) . However, as Clarice Starling is falling from grace, a disfigured benefactor and sole survivor of Lecter's atrocities brings her back on the case, intent on ferreting out the brilliant doctor. Now, the stage seems set for the perfect retribution scheme, as greed and ambition get the best of everyone involved in the hunt for the elusive virtuoso of death. But, do they have what it takes to kill Hannibal, the beast among men? Nick Riganas Part four in the Dr. Hannibal Lecter quadrilogy. Having escaped the asylum in The Silence of the Lambs (1991), Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins) goes into hiding in Florence, Italy. Back in America, Mason Verger (Gary Oldman), an old victim of the doctor, seeks revenge. Disfigured and confined to a life-support system, he plans to draw Lecter out of his hiding place, using the one thing for whom Lecter truly cares: Clarice Starling (Julianne Moore). ahmetkozan After having successfully eluded the authorities for years, Dr. Hannibal Lecter (Sir Anthony Hopkins) peacefully lives in Italy in disguise as an art scholar. Trouble strikes again when he is discovered leaving a deserving few dead in the process. He returns back to America to once again make contact with now disgraced Agent Clarice Starling (Julianne Moore), who is suffering the wrath of a malicious F.B.I. official and rival, as well as the media. Meanwhile, Dr. Hannibal Lecter must survive the advances by disfigured and vengeful victim Mason Verger (Gary Oldman), with whom he first came in contact years ago as a patient. He finds himself being tracked down not only by his wealthy victim and his henchmen, but also by Agent Starling and the American authorities. MonkeyKingMA Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens 10 years after the events depicted in The Silence of the Lambs (1991) . Barney, one of Hannibal Lecter's minders at the Baltimore mental hospital, talks to a disfigured and paraplegic man, Mason Verger ( Gary Oldman ), about the conversations Barney had with Lecter and Lecter's relationship with Clarice Starling. Barney then shows Verger a boxed object he's brought with him: the leather restraining mask used to cover Lecter's face when he was being transported. Barney asks for a price of $250,000 for it and Verger eagerly accepts. FBI agent Clarice Starling ( Julianne Moore ) is in Washington DC, leading a raid to arrest an HIV-positive drug dealer named Evelda Drumgo ( Hazelle Goodman ). Though Starling has laid out precise plans to the arresting team, the raid is horrifically botched when one of the agents rushes Drumgo and her gang after Starling orders them to stand down because Drumgo is carrying an infant. A massive gunfight breaks out and most of Drumgo's gang are killed, along with a few of the agents. When Clarice orders Drumgo to surrender, Drumgo whips out a machine pistol and opens fire, hitting Clarice. Clarice responds reflexively and shoots and kills Drumgo, splattering the infant with her blood. Clarice, who had been wearing a bulletproof vest, recovers the child and washes it off with a nearby hose. Starling is disgraced by Justice Department official Paul Krendler ( Ray Liotta ), whose romantic advances Starling had rejected years earlier. As a result of the publicity surrounding the drug raid, Starling and her past connection to escaped serial killer Hannibal Lecter ( Anthony Hopkins ) come to the attention of one of Lecter's victims, Mason Verger, who is also a wealthy, sadistic pedophile. Verger, who was left horrifically disfigured and paralyzed by a past encounter with Lecter himself, still seeks revenge for what occurred. He uses his political influence to have Starling assigned to the Lecter case once again in the hope that this will draw Lecter out of hiding. Verger claims to have new information about Lecter (an X-ray), which he is willing to disclose only to Starling, and she is sent to his estate to collect it and interview him. Upon her arrival, Verger tells Starling about his history with Lecter. They met when Lecter was assigned by a court as Verger's therapist after Verger's conviction on multiple counts of child molestation. Verger, the only one of Lecter's victims to survive, was tricked into mutilating himself by Lecter after being given a nitrogen "popper". In the same incident, Verger was also persuaded by Lecter into sexual excitation by strangulation. Verger is now bedridden and confined to his secluded mansion, but with the assistance of his personal physician Cordell ( Zeljko Ivanek ) and other minions, he is pursuing an elaborate scheme to capture, torture and kill Lecter. In Florence, Italy, Chief Inspector Rinaldo Pazzi ( Giancarlo Giannini ) of the Questura is investigating the disappearance of the curator of the Capponi Library, a Renaissance palace that serves as a repository of rare books, historical documents and art treasures. In the course of his investigation, Pazzi meets the new curator: "Dr. Fell," who is actually Hannibal Lecter. As Verger surmised, Lecter soon learns of Starling's public disgrace and reassignment to his case, and he sends her a letter that is at once sympathetic and mocking. The letter contains no apparent clue to Lecter's whereabouts, but Starling detects a strange fragrance on it. She takes it to a perfume company, where the experts inform her that the writer used a very expensive skin cream that could have been sold in only a few shops in the world, one of which is in Florence. Starling contacts the police departments of the cities where the shops are located, including Pazzi's department, asking for copies of any surveillance tapes made by cameras installed in the shops. When Pazzi sees one of his men making a copy of such a tape for Starling, he recognizes "Fell" in the tape and decides to find out why the FBI is interested in him. Pazzi accesses the FBI's database of fugitive criminals and learns that "Fell" is Hannibal Lecter. He also learns that Verger is offering a reward of $3 million to anyone who assists him in capturing Lecter in lieu of turning him over to the FBI (who offer a $250,000 reward). Hoping to collect the larger bounty, Pazzi makes contact with Verger's people and agrees to help them kidnap Lecter. Starling, meanwhile, has received the surveillance tape from Florence, has recognized Lecter, and has learned that Pazzi has been using the FBI's database to check on Lecter. She calls Pazzi and warns him against trying to capture Lecter himself, but Pazzi ignores her warning. Pazzi coerces a local pickpocket into wearing a cheap bracelet and attempting to rob Lecter. The pickpocket follows Lecter through the streets of Florence. When he reaches for Lecter's wallet, Lecter grabs him by the wrist (and the bracelet, leaving behind fingerprints) and slyly stabs the man in the upper leg, severing his femoral artery. Pazzi finds the thief and takes the bracelet from him, leaving him to bleed to death on the street. Pazzi sends the bracelet with Lecter's prints to Verger who has them confirmed as Lecter's. Pazzi and Verger's men try to kidnap Lecter after his scheduled evening lecture on the poetry of Dante to a group of scholars at the Palazzo Vecchio, but their plan goes badly awry. Lecter subdues Pazzi with a drug-soaked rag and interrogates him, forcing him to answer several questions by threatening to kill and eat Pazzi's wife. Lecter murders Pazzi by first slashing open the man's abdomen and then throwing him off an upper floor balcony with a noose around his neck, his entrails falling from his abdomen to the street -- the same fate of one of Pazzi's ancient ancestors. Lecter escapes, deciding to return to the United States to renew his acquaintance with Starling. Frustrated by the failed attempt to kidnap Lecter, Verger tries to draw him out of hiding once again by getting Starling into more trouble. He bribes Krendler to accuse her of withholding a note she received from Lecter. The ploy works, and Starling is suspended from duty. Verger's men keep her under surveillance in the hope that Lecter will contact her. Lecter, meanwhile, has been watching her and also watching Krendler. Lecter then buys china and crystal for an elaborate meal and also steals surgical equipment from a hospital. He takes everything to a secluded lakefront house that he has learned belongs to Krendler. Lecter then contacts Starling, luring her to Washington's Union Station for a meeting. Verger's men follow her there. As Starling looks for Lecter among the crowd of travelers and shoppers at the station, she and Lecter converse by cell phone. He expresses his admiration for her and his sympathy for the shabby treatment she has received from the FBI, at one point suggesting that he might force the people who have disrespected her to "scream apologies." Having spotted Lecter, Verger's men capture him in the station's parking lot despite Starling's efforts to stop them. Starling makes a fruitless attempt to expose Verger's scheme to the FBI. Meanwhile, Verger's men transport Lecter to the Verger estate. Verger plans to watch Lecter being eaten alive by a herd of vicious wild boars that Verger, an expert at swine breeding from his days in the family meatpacking business, has prepared in Italy especially for the purpose. The boars have been conditioned to attack their victim when they scream. When the FBI refuses to act on her report that Verger has kidnapped Lecter, Starling goes alone to Verger's estate. She intervenes as Verger's henchmen are about to unleash the pigs on Lecter, shooting the men and freeing him, but she is shot and wounded in the shoulder. Lecter then rescues her from the animals. When a furious Verger orders his physician Cordell to shoot Lecter, Lecter persuades Cordell (who has always hated his master) to throw Verger into the pen with the hogs instead, and Verger dies in the very manner in which he had hoped to kill Lecter, Lecter having assured Cordell he will take the blame for the deed. Lecter takes Starling to Krendler's lakefront house and treats her bullet wound. She awakens in an upstairs bedroom, dressed for a formal occasion. On her way downstairs, she finds a phone and calls the police. Instead of taking their advice and leaving the house to wait for their arrival, she looks for Lecter downstairs. She finds him in the dining room where he has set the table as if for an elegant dinner party, watched by the seated Krendler, who has been heavily drugged and his head shaved. As Starling looks on, horrified, Lecter removes the top of Krendler's skull, cuts out part of his brain (the part that Lecter says is "associated with good manners"), sautes it in a pan by the table, and feeds it to the dazed Krendler. Clarice is horrified, pleading with Lecter to stop and saying she'll give him the details of the FBI's profile on him so he can escape. When Lecter wheels Krendler back to the kitchen to clear up after the "meal," Starling attacks him with a silver candlestick but is easily overpowered. Lecter traps her ponytailed hair in the fridge. He asks her, "Tell me Clarice, would you ever say to me, 'Stop ... if you loved me, you'd stop'?" To which Starling replies, "Not in a thousand years." Lecter replies with, "That's my girl," then kisses Starling. Just as he is about to leave, thinking he's won, he hears a click and sees that Starling has handcuffed his wrist to her own. When she refuses to provide the key, Lecter pins her wrist to a table and brandishes a meat cleaver. He raises it and says, "This is really going to hurt." and swings it down -- a noticeable look of pain appears on Clarice's face. Next we see Starling outside the house, looking for Lecter, who escaped just before the police cars arrived. Both her hands are intact and she identifies herself to the police. The last scene is of Lecter on an airplane, one of his arms is in a sling and his hand not visible. He is preparing to eat the boxed meal he has brought with him, and the small boy sitting next to him asks about the food. Lecter opens the container to reveal several kinds of food, among which is what appears to be part of Krendler's brain, cooked and sliced. The boy asks to try some of the food, and Lecter allows him to, after saying that his mother always told him to try new things. It is not shown if the boy chooses the brain. 
 The Running Man (1987)541) In a dystopian America, a falsely convicted policeman gets his shot at freedom when he must forcibly participate in a TV game show where convicts, runners, must battle killers for their freedom. In the year 2019, the world economy has collapsed. The great freedoms of the United States are no longer, as the once great nation has sealed off its borders and become a militarized police state, censoring all film, art, literature, and communications. Even so, a small resistance force led by two revolutionaries manages to fight the oppression. With full control over the media, the government attempts to quell the nation's yearning for freedom by broadcasting a number of game shows on which convicted criminals fight for their lives. The most popular and sadistic of these programs is "The Running Man," hosted by Damon Killian. When a peaceful protest of starving citizens gathers in Bakersfield, California, a police officer named Ben Richards is ordered to fire on the crowd, which he refuses to do. Subdued by the other officers, the attack is carried out, and Richards is framed for the murder of almost a hundred unarmed civilians. Following a daring jail break months later, Richards is captured once again and forced to appear on "The Running Man" with three other convicts. With their help, he fights his way through a cadre of sadistic gladiators hunting them down through the ruins of a Los Angeles earthquake, but promising Killian that he'll return to settle the score when the show's host double-crosses him. In the meantime, the contestants must search through the ruins for the resistance in the hopes of finally broadcasting the truth about the government. Curly Q. Link A parody within an action thriller. Ben Richards is an innocent man who is sentenced to the Running Man game show, a futuristic audience participation capital punishment television show. While Ben is running from champions with chainsaws and sharpened hockey sticks, the host is busy with calls to the network about ratings. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> The year is 2017. The world economy has collapsed. The United States has sealed off its borders and has become a military controlled police state which controls TV, movies, art, books, communication and censorship. In the police state America has become, criminals have a choice. They can serve their sentences in prison or they can take part in "The Running Man" a government owned violent game-show where contestants running for freedom are pursued by "Stalkers" wrestler-like bounty hunters. "The Running Man" is the top rating show on network TV and Damon Killian, the creator and host is the most popular entertainer in the US. But one man has yet to play... Former L.A. police officer Ben Richards, framed for the massacre of innocent people, when disobeyed orders is recaptured, after escaping from prison. Ben is forced to appear on "The Running Man", joined by resistance fighters William Laughlin and Harold Weiss and Amber Mendez, (a network employee who Richards took hostage and she turned Richards into the authorities) are chased by The Stalkers, as they search for the secret base of the resistance, as they bid to broadcast the truth about the government and prove Ben's innocence. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. By 2017, the world economy has collapsed, and food, oil, and other natural resources are all in short supply. Unable to meet the needs of the general public, the U.S. government has likewise collapsed and given way to an iron-fisted police state divided into paramilitary zones. The media is controlled by the state, and all forms of communication are subject to rigid censorship. Despite the jack-booted, no-tolerance suppression of dissent, a resistance movement continues to survive and operate underground. A police helicopter flies through the night sky near Bakersfield, California. A decorated officer and captain, Ben Richards (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is piloting. Investigating a disturbance, he reports a food riot composed of 1,500 unarmed civilians, many of them women and children. Police command issues orders for Richards to open fire on the rioters, and to slaughter as many as possible. Stricken with disgust and shock, Richards refuses to carry out the orders, and announces a mission abort. The lieutenant that serves as second is ordered to detain Richards and proceed with the orders. Richards battles with the other officers aboard the chopper and is handling them all, until he is pulled toward the back of the copter and throws an officer forward against the controls. The chopper pitches over and Richards falls out of the helicopter, hanging on to the outrigger. Under orders to detain Richards alive, the other officers pull him back in and bash him with a rifle butt, telling him he's going to fry for this. The attack on the crowd commences and Richards is framed as the "Butcher of Bakersfield." Eighteen months later in the Wilshire detention zone, prisoners are forced to toil at hard labor. Each inmate is fitted with a collar containing a small explosive, that will detonate if the collar is tampered with, or if the inmate attempts to cross beyond sonic boundary posts. Detonation of a collar is instantly fatal, causing a prisoner's head to explode with the collar. Ben Richards is an inmate at the prison; the state has pinned the Bakersfield massacre entirely on him as a bloodthirsty rogue officer who disobeyed orders. A work crew is being moved to go beyond the sonic perimeter. A perimeter guard enters an access code to deactivate the perimeter just long enough for the inmates to pass through safely. Behind the guard, a prisoner named Weiss (Marvin J. McIntyre) carefully looks at the guard's monitor and notes the code. A few moments later, Weiss nods to Richards and a fellow inmate, Laughlin (Yaphet Kotto), who start a fist-fight as a distraction. The inmates all riot, killing several guards and seizing the control device for the sonic perimeter. Weiss enters the deactivation code he'd memorized, but other perimeter guards have become alerted to the revolt, and are using another control device to override and prevent the code from being accepted. More gunfire is exchanged as the guards try to hold the line. Weiss manages to get the code in, but the sonic deadline is not up, and one inmate who makes a mad rush for freedom is killed when his collar detonates. Finally the perimeter guard manning the control device that is blocking the code, is also killed, and the sonic perimeter is deactivated completely. All the inmates run out of the detention zone to freedom. Richards, Weiss and Laughlin are walking through a barrio in Los Angeles, on the outskirts of the working- and wealthy-class districts of the city. A large television screen shows a reporter droning about various zone pass regulations and a midnight curfew. The screen then switches to a game show known as 'The Running Man,' which has become the most popular television program in history. The Running Man is a savage, sadistic gladiator-style program where criminals are thrown into a 400-square block area of ruins left over from a major earthquake, as contestants. The game zone is further divided into four quadrants that the contestants must pass through. As they struggle to run through the zone, the contestants are ruthlessly pursued by 'stalkers' -- gladiators armed with lethal high-tech weaponry -- who hunt the contestants down and slaughter them. The program runs three hours each week and is co-produced by the Department of Justice, broadcast on the state-run television agency known as ICS. Richards, Weiss and Laughlin meet up with a contact named Stevie (Dweezil Zappa) who is part of the underground resistance movement. Stevie and his cohort, Mic (Mick Fleetwood), have the technology to remove the explosive collars, and disposal units that contain the detonations once they're removed. As they work, everyone listens disdainfully to state-provided propaganda used to brainwash young children into believing in, and following, the behaviors that the state wants them to. The resistance is searching for an uplink to the satellite network that the media uses to broadcast the propaganda, that will let them take control of the satellite network and broadcast the truth of the state. Mic recognizes Richards and is reluctant to remove his collar. Richards has been branded 'The Butcher of Bakersfield' after being framed for the food-riot massacre. Weiss argues that it's all network propaganda and that they owe him their lives, though Laughlin argues back that Richards definitely isn't part of the resistance movement. Mic believes that Richards has seen too much of this movement, but Richards silences them all by saying that all he's seen is talk and dreams, which he knows isn't going to get anything done. He tells them that if they want to change things, they need to 'put up or shut up.' Mic is impressed and consents to removing Richards' collar. The next morning, Richards joins a truck ride ferrying barrio workers into the city proper. Richards' brother has agreed to help him get somewhere safe so he can try to start a new life in anonymity. We get a glimpse of the wealthier parts of Los Angeles as a limo arrives at the ICS television headquarters, delivering Damon Killian (Richard Dawson) and his personal assistant, Brenda (Karen Leigh Hopkins). Killian is the host of The Running Man, and a much-beloved figure for the state. Killian's charming persona merely being a front for his actual crude, holier-than-thou personality quickly shows through as he shakes the hand of a janitor whose mop he stumbles over, telling him he's doing a good job, but making note of his name and, once in the elevator, warning Brenda that she'll be mopping the floors all week if the janitor still has a job the next day. Arriving at his offices, Killian consults with a 'talent agent,' Tony (Kurt Fuller), for potential contestants for The Running Man. Walking through the upper-working class neighborhood of the city, Richards arrives at his brother Edward's apartment. Knowing the security code to open the door, he lets himself in, and promptly notes something very wrong... the furniture isn't how he remembers it... and there are women's garments strewn about. It isn't long before the woman to whom these garments belong, shows up... a working class woman named Amber Mendez (Maria Conchita Alonso). Mendez quickly sets about changing into exercise clothes and tuning into ICS channel 1 where a workout program is playing, hosted by ten-time national champion Running Man stalker, Captain Freedom (Jesse Ventura), now retired from stalking. As Mendez is doing sit-ups on her exercise bench, the program is interrupted for a special news report on a door to door search being conducted by police for Richards, reminding viewers that he's the infamous Butcher of Bakersfield who massacred innocent civilians eighteen months ago. Mendez starts resuming her sit-ups only to find Richards himself standing over her. Richards orders Mendez to tell him who she is and why she's in his brother's apartment. Mendez says she moved in last month, knowing only that the last tenant was taken away by the state for 're-education...' Richards' face changes to show he knows that his brother has met with a very harsh fate. In the distraction, Mendez tries to run away, but she doesn't get far. Meanwhile, at ICS, Killian and Tony are looking through Justice Dept. profiles on convicted criminals and enemies of the state, for potential contestants. Unfortunately, Killian isn't satisfied with the latest potential prospects, as they are physically unimposing and wouldn't last long enough to give the audience watching the show, an entertaining experience. Then Killian sees a video feed of the prison break where Richards escaped from the Wilshire detention zone. Instantly his eyes light up with ratings points. Brenda reminds Killian that military prisoners are excluded from eligibility due to his department's contract, but Killian is undaunted and has some influence with the right people... he places a call to the president's agent. Richards has tied Mendez down to her exercise bench and is taking some time to learn about her... Mendez writes music and sings theme songs for the ICS media network. Richards is amused to find that her closet has a box filled with music and clothing that's all on the censored list and only available on the black market; something Mendez says everyone does on the side. Mendez watches distastefully as Richards scans her travel pass into the Cadre Infonet to book a trip for both himself and her to Hawaii-- he plans to use her as a hostage and as a traveling companion who has the necessary clearance to travel. Of course, Mendez doesn't see any reason why she should comply with Richards' plans... until he takes hold of the exercise bench, which is bolted into the floor, and, using only one arm, tears it loose from its moorings, lifting the foot of the bench four feet into the air with her still tied to it. He gives her an unsettling smile and says that this is how he says, 'please.' At the airport, Richards uses a distraction and idle prattling, and the line of travelers behind him, to get past the front security checkpoint with Mendez, despite the two of them having only one travel pass. He maintains control of Mendez with a hand around the back of her neck, having warned her that he can easily break it. However, as they walk through a crowded airport corridor, Mendez sees a police/military soldier on a balcony above her and makes a move, pounding a fist into Richards' groin and screaming for help, yelling his name to everyone. Richards makes a break for it, running out onto the airstrips as the airport security goes into full alert. A police cruiser and several motorcycles give pursuit and take him down with a device that launches a heavy, weighted net. Richards is thrown into a holding cell where he finds himself face to face with Killian and his hulking, burly bodyguard, Sven (Sven-Ole Thorsen). Killian wastes no time going into his 'sales pitch,' talking about how he created The Running Man, but has a contract with the government, who sends him felons to put on the show. Killian was fortunate to be able to pull a few strings to get Richards as a potential contestant after watching a video of the prison break. Killian wants Richards to volunteer as a contestant, but quickly shows he's ready to blackmail him into it; Laughlin and Weiss have also been recaptured, and Killian is ready to put them on the show in Richards' place if he refuses to volunteer. As Killian points out, Laughlin and Weiss would be "B-list" contestants that would be fortunate to get far into the first zone in one piece. Richards is prepped for the show with several painful chemical injections that will allow show agents and stalkers to track him through the zones. He's then tossed into a holding cell that's quickly filled with knockout gas. The next morning, Mendez is watching a TV broadcast of Richards' capture. She's stunned as the report shows the ticket agent and security guard they passed, bloody and unconscious, and the reporter says that Richards shot them at point-black range as he entered the airport. Both men are at Cadre Memorial Hospital in 'guarded condition.' Mendez, of course, knows Richards didn't shoot either of them, and she's not at all pleased at the thought of who else could have. It's Friday night; time for the Running Man to go on the air. Large crowds assemble at the ICS game show stage, various social gathering spots around the city, and in the barrios, all eager for a thrilling show. Beautiful, costumed young women dance to opening music as the pre-show begins. A crowd outside cheers fanatically as one of the favored current stalkers, 'Buzzsaw' Eddie Vatowski (Gus Reithwische), arrives in a limo, and demonstrates his strength by pressing a special-made motorcycle he rides as a stalker, over his head. Mendez is on duty at the ICS headquarters, with a co-worker at a soft drink vending machine as Richards is escorted past; a court-appointed 'theatrical agent' reading a legal contract/waiver out loud. Richards and Mendez lock eyes as he is escorted past her; Mendez looking badly unnerved. She politely excuses herself, telling her co-worker she has some paperwork to finish. Killian is introduced and comes out on stage, easily milking the crowd for fanatical cheers and applause. As he opens the show, Mendez is seen entering a room and showing her employee pass to a guard. Killian has the main show announcer, Phil Hilton, announce tonight's guest runner. A monitor plays a carefully doctored video recording from the helicopter Richards was piloting at the time of the Bakersfield massacre, making it look like the dispatch ordered a mission abort, but Richards overpowered the guards and used the helicopter's machine guns and rocket launchers to slaughter over sixty civilians, including women and children. People watching the show all around the city bow their heads in numb silence as the doctored video is re-played and Killian gives a well-crafted closing to the video aimed at stirring the audience and all viewers into a frenzy and desire to see Richards butchered. Everyone responds appropriately as Richards is brought onto the stage. Mendez walks through a control room for the show and quietly slips into an information retrieval room as Killian continues with show dialogue; that Richards appearing on the show as a volunteer entitles him to various perks if he should win. Three running men from the previous season, named Whitman, Price, and Haddad, are shown in Hawaii with beautiful women; as winners from the last season, they've received full pardons and are now living a good life. Making sure the blinds are closed completely, Mendez starts looking through media folders in a cabinet. Richards is placed into a sled-like vehicle on the stage that will be launched into a tube-tunnel that will ferry him from the main game show stage into the start of the first actual game zone. No sooner do the heavy manacles close, locking him into the sled, when Killian announces a special surprise: Richards' cohorts from the prison break, Laughlin and Weiss, will be sent into the zone as contestants along with him. Richards stares in outrage as two other launch tubes open to reveal Weiss and Laughlin similarly fettered into launch sleds. As Killian continues his monologue, going over more game rules (runners have three hours to cross through all four game zone quadrants while the stalkers hunt them down) and working the crowd into a near-rabid state, Mendez continues looking through various media information folders. The sleds are launched through the tubes into the first game zone quadrant. Meanwhile, back in the private media information room, Mendez makes a curious find: two folders for the Bakersfield massacre. One media card is edited for television, and the other is raw footage. She secretes the raw footage card into her clothing and puts back the other one, closing up the cabinet... and a hand comes down onto her shoulder, spinning her around. Richards, Laughlin and Weiss arrive at the start of the first quadrant; their sleds halted by special tension barriers as ground crew get them out of the sleds so they can start running. Killian pulls a randomly selected audience member to choose the first stalker to send in after them. As she's given ten seconds to think it over, a small barker crew in the barrio ruins is working a betting board, taking wagers on who will go in and how fast they'll make the kill. The audience member chooses 'Professor' Subzero (Professor Toru Tanaka), a heavily built but squat man in a high-tech hockey outfit, complete with helmet and ice skates, and a hockey stick made out of heavy metal that can chop through solid steel. The ground crew, both on foot and motorcycles, herds the contestants through the start of the game zone as various other show staff are seen in a backstage room, including Captain Freedom, who does guest commentary on the show from time to time. Richards, Laughlin and Weiss are herded into the first part of the first quadrant; a huge indoor area where the air is very cold. A gate drops down behind them and lights come on, cameras coming to life as Subzero moves in for the kill. His skates giving him more control on the floor of the chamber than the running men, Subzero bashes them about and then pushes Weiss across the chamber like a human hockey puck... right into a 'hockey goal' that quickly snaps closed like a Venus flytrap around him. The audience and viewers around the city eat it all up. The audience member who chose Subzero as the killing stalker is given a number of prizes, including a 'Running Man' home board game. Richards and Laughlin try to get to Weiss and free him, only to find Subzero ready. Knocked against a chain-link fence, Richards tears loose a piece of pipe to which a coiled length of razor-ribbon wire is attached. He pulls it along with him as Subzero pursues him. Suddenly Richards dives off to one side, pulling the razor ribbon taut across the narrow corridor... and Subzero's charge carries him right into it; the razor ribbon wrapping around his neck. Richards yanks on the piece of pipe mooring, digging the razor ribbon deeper into Subzero's unprotected neck. Viewers all around the city watch, aghast and numb with shock, as Subzero falls. Richards and Laughlin mock Killian over their victory before freeing Weiss and moving on. Killian appears at a loss for words as he says a great champion has fallen... and then quickly cuts to 'important sponsor messages.' Back in his office, however, on the phone with an agent from the Justice Department, Killian is rather dismissive of Subzero's death, saying a stalker being killed by running men was inevitable, and part of the violent element of the show that keeps people in front of TV sets instead of picket lines. Back on stage, Killian is getting the crowd incited again, and has picked a new audience member to select the next stalker. He's torn between two of them and can't decide... so Killian offers a big surprise; to send in both stalkers together as a tag-team. Buzzsaw, who was the previous year's champion with the most kills racked up, wields an oversized Durasteel chainsaw that can cut through almost any man-made compound. Dynamo (Erland van Lidth) is likewise big and burly, clad in a metallic suit covered with multicolored lights, with electrical generators that let him discharge electric surge... and he has a penchant for singing opera. As the stalkers are introduced, Killian takes a brief backstage break where Brenda tells him that ratings are up eight points... and she has more news: ICS security caught Richards' airport hostage pulling classified Bakersfield video files. Killian comes back on stage to announce another surprise for the audience, a special guest running man-- or running woman. Mendez is dragged on to the stage to be thrown into the game. Phil Hilton, the game show announcer, has wasted little time fabricating a whole propaganda story of Mendez as a school cheater, and a lifetime lawbreaker, culminating with having been a secret lover of Richards. Mendez is instantly disgusted at the lies spouted about her, but she has little time to berate Killian about it before she's fettered into another sled and launched through the tube and hustled through the start of the first zone. Richards, Laughlin and Weiss are crossing into the next quadrant when Weiss notices a camera relay that strikes him as odd; because it's pointing into the zone instead of straight up. Hurrying to investigate, he sees a number of camera relay dishes all pointing toward the middle of the game zone. This means that the uplink center to the satellite network is there... a perfect spot to hide it, a place where nobody ever goes. Richards is immediately at odds with Laughlin and Weiss; he wants to focus on surviving the game, while Laughlin and Weiss now have a new mission; to find the uplink center, crack the code and give Mic and his people the means to jam the state TV network and broadcast their own transmissions. As Buzzsaw and Dynamo are given a relay by the trackers on the runners' position, Richards, Laughlin and Weiss are trying to hide from a sweeping light underneath one of the cameras. As they're hiding against a ruined piece of wall, Mendez catches up with them... just in time for Buzzsaw and Dynamo to reach the scene. All four contestants scramble for cover. Richards hefts a big, thick piece of timber as a weapon, but Buzzsaw's chainsaw cuts it clean in half like a toothpick. Weiss and Mendez get separated from Richards and Laughlin; Dynamo pursuing the first two while Buzzsaw goes after the latter two. Weiss and Mendez manage to hide from Dynamo and stumble across the uplink center for the satellite relay. Insisting to Mendez that the resistance movement has spent five years trying to find it, and that it's more important than any of their lives, Weiss hurries toward it. Laughlin and Richards run through the ruins and suddenly find themselves in the cross-shine of several light relays. Buzzsaw comes screaming out of an alley on his motorcycle, wielding his massive chainsaw easily in one hand. Laughlin shoves Richards aside-- and the chainsaw slices across Laughlin's upper chest, mangling the flesh and bone. Richards ducks and tumbles to the side as Buzzsaw makes a second ride-by attack, and again hurries to tend to Laughlin. Turning again, Buzzsaw turns his chainsaw off and hangs it from the front of his cycle, pulling out a weighted bola attached to a long metal cable. He snags Richards in it and drags him behind the motorcycle across the ground. Viewers all around the city cheer wildly, eating it up. Killian gives the audience member who selected the stalkers, a selection of take-home prizes, again including a 'home edition' Running Man board game. Buzzsaw finally drags Richards past a ruined section of wall where Richards is able to wrap the cable around a piece of metal jutting from it. Audience members and fans all groan as Buzzsaw's motorcycle is halted, pitching him a number of yards forward rolling across the ground. Meanwhile, Weiss is leading Mendez through the uplink center and finds the interface. To his dismay, however, the interface is encrypted with a hexagonal decode system, an extremely tough form of coding to crack; certainly not something they can afford to waste any time over with Dynamo still on their trail. Mendez paces and frets as Weiss works feverishly to decode the uplink code system, pleading with Mendez to ensure that the code gets to Mic and the resistance if Weiss doesn't make it through himself. Richards slowly walks toward Buzzsaw. He reaches for the chainsaw when suddenly the burly stalker awakens, grabbing Richards around the neck. He yanks Richards down the ground and seizes his weapon; the chainsaw roaring to life as Buzzsaw tries to rip Richards apart. The two battle hand to hand as Richards struggles to keep the buzzing blade away from him. When Buzzsaw taunts Richards, the ex-cop reaches down deep for extra strength and pushes Buzzsaw's arms down, forcing him to twist the chainsaw further downward. By the time Buzzsaw notices that the blade has been pushed down between his own legs, Richards then yanks his arms upward... and the blade rips into Buzzsaw's groin. The stalker falsetto-screams in wild agony as his own weapon mangles the weakest part of his own body, and he crumples to the ground in a bloody heap. Fans all around the city again groan in profound sadness and grief. At the uplink center, Weiss finally completes the decode, making Mendez say the alpha-numeric code sequence out loud and memorize it. But time may be out for the two... Dynamo has found them. Raising his arms, Dynamo looses a surge of electric charge, blasting into the two of them. Mendez is hurt but alive... but Weiss, still touching the metallic housing of the uplink interface, takes the full blast of the discharge, and is killed. Richards hears Mendez scream and rushes to find her. Dynamo has dragged her out of the complex into the open and plans to indulge in a little fun before killing her. Richards runs toward them, yelling to distract Dynamo. The stalker sends a mild electric charge into Mendez's body to subdue her before sending a larger, lethal blast at Richards. Richards ducks out of the way, and Dynamo climbs back into his race-car-like vehicle to pursue Richards. The fans cheer wildly again as Dynamo, singing more opera, races after Richards. But Dynamo gets too reckless and caught up in the moment of the kill, trying to drive his vehicle up the same mound of debris that Richards has started to climb. Dynamo's vehicle overturns, tumbling back down the mound. Fans again react in shock and numb horror as they see that Dynamo is now trapped and helpless, without power to his surge generators, as Richards advances toward him with a huge piece of metal pipe. Even more stunning, however, is when Richards slowly tells Dynamo that he refuses to kill a helpless human; even a bloodthirsty, ruthless killer like Dynamo. The amount of boos and jeers from the equally bloodthirsty fans is shocking. Richards drops the pipe and walks off with Mendez, who sadly tells him that Weiss is dead; but she has the uplink code for the satellite relay. They find their way back to Laughlin, who is on the verge of death. With his dying words, Laughlin pleads with Richards not to let his and Weiss' deaths be in vain; to carry out their mission and get the uplink codes to Mic, who has a broadcast center in the fourth quadrant of the game zone. Knowing that Laughlin died for him, Richards is filled with the resolve to avenge him. Back in the locker room, a woman's voice comes over speakers, summoning 'Fireball' to wardrobe. A tall, burly man among the viewers (Jim Brown) slowly nods and rises to his feet as Killian, still on stage, calls for the halftime show. A monitor near Richards and Mendez lights up with a video transmission from Killian, who's in his office only with Sven, Brenda, Tony, and a couple of camera personnel. Killian is delighted with Richards' performance and the super-high ratings for the show. Richards listens in disbelief as Killian offers him a three-year contract deal to become a stalker on The Running Man, complete with a lot of trappings wholly unavailable to most people. Ripping a camera off its moorings and glaring into it, Richards vows that he's going to survive, and win, and come back for Killian himself... and kill him in brutal fashion. Just as Richards hurls the camera to the ground, smashing it, the phone rings in Killian's office. Brenda tells him the attorney general is calling. Fireball comes onto the stage to roaring cheers and applause. He wears a flame-retardant suit and goggles, a rocket pack on his back, and wields a high-powered flamethrower. As the fans cheer, Captain Freedom, back in the backstage lockers, takes some pills with a drink and looks nostalgically at a poster of himself from his days as a champion stalker. As Fireball heads out into the zone, Killian calls another audience member up and asks her to predict who will make the next kill: Fireball, or Dynamo, who's not out of it yet. The elderly woman thinks hard, and suddenly announces that she feels that Ben Richards will make the next kill. The audience and fans around the city are surprised, but the old woman stubbornly defends her choice. In the barrios, several men suddenly shout that they want to place bets on Richards. As the idea catches on among the barrio viewers, the men running the betting shrug and agree, writing his name on the odds boards and taking bets on Richards. And the time for the next bout of action is at hand, as Fireball arrives at the third quadrant where Richards and Mendez have reached. Fireball lands and runs after the two on foot, pursuing them into an underground center and cutting them off, forcing them to duck for cover as he looses a blast from his flamethrower. Shoving Mendez to one side and telling her to run, Richards hefts several large barrels and hurls them one by one at Fireball, who catches them on his arms and shoulders, deflecting them to the sides. Richards kicks another barrel over, causing the oil within to spill, and then ignite from Fireball's flamethrower. The stalker easily walks through the flames, protected by his suit. Noticing a box of flares at his feet, Richards grabs one and hurries to meet back up with Mendez, who's found her way into the ruins of a locker room, safe from the ICS network cameras. Her leg brushes against something, and she screams in terror as she sees a decaying corpse at her feet. Fireballs hears her scream and zeroes in. Regaining her composure, Mendez notes that there are three corpses; each one with an identifying dog tag around their neck. She goes to examine the dog tags... and notes that two of them bear the names Whitman and Price. As she goes to the third one, Fireball comes there, telling her that the third one is Haddad. The winners of the last season was another state lie. Slowly Fireball turns his flamethower's nozzle toward her, ready to make the kill. Suddenly Richards is behind Fireball, yanking the gas line out of his rocket pack and kicking him into the lockers. As Fireball struggles to regain his bearings, Richards scoops up Mendez and ignites the flare, tossing it at Fireball's feet. The gas leak in Fireball's rocket pack explodes violently, the inferno reaching out where the ICS cameras pick it up, and blasting Fireball's charred corpse into full view. The fans are in dismay again, seeing that Richards has taken another stalker down. The barrio bettors, however, are pleased, having won big money on Richards. In the ICS backstage lockers, Captain Freedom is summoned to wardrobe. Killian and Brenda are looking at monitor relays grimly when Captain Freedom bursts in, outfitted in a high tech suit; the chestpiece laden with a number of weapons. Freedom is outraged at the suit he's been made to put on, refusing to go out and stalk while weighted down in it. Although he misses his days as a champion stalker, he refuses to play by modern rules. Ten years ago at the height of his stalking days, he went out and killed runners with his bare hands, adhering to a strict gladiatorial code of honor. Killian is equally outraged at Captain Freedom's continued belief in this system, reminding him that people are betting on Richards winning the game, which would create a lot of unrest among people yearning for more personal liberties. Finally losing his patience, Killian yells at Sven to escort Captain Freedom out, even insulting the bodyguard by asking him if steroids are making him deaf. Sven finally turns and gives Captain Freedom a shrug, and the now-ex announcer storms out. Richards and Mendez have made it to the fourth quadrant and are looking for Mic's secret broadcast center. It's Mic who finds them first, after they blithely walk right into one of his own traps. Mic could afford to take no chances about the location of the resistance hideout and broadcast center being discovered, which is why he couldn't send any help to Richards. But now, safe from ICS cameras, he's come for them and brings them to the relative safety of his broadcast center. Meanwhile, needing to bring the show (and any budding hopes among the populace) to a successful close, Richards is having Tony work his digital CGI magic, taking snippets of various media logs, to synthesize a staged battle between Richards and Captain Freedom. In the secret resistance broadcast center, excitement runs high as Mendez announces that she has the satellite uplink code, meaning Weiss and Laughlin's deaths won't be in vain. Just then, TV sets in the center buzz with renewed action from the game show. Killian has taken the stage and is telling fans that the runners have entered the final quad, and Captain Freedom has come out of retirement to finish them. The synthesized mock-up CGI battle scene is played for the unsuspecting fans, showing Richards and Mendez falling into the final game zone through a chute. Captain Freedom grabs Mendez by the scruff of her neck, lifts her up and fatally breaks her neck, and hurls her into a coil of razor ribbon, killing her. Richards engages Captain Freedom in a brutal hand-to-hand fight before Freedom charges ahead, taking Richards off balance and forcing him back-first into a heavily spiked gate. The fans all go bonkers as Phil Hilton announces that Captain Freedom has succeeded in finishing off the last two runners, upholding his name and reputation as all-time champion stalker. Richards and Mendez are only mildly amused at the synthesized battle. It does give them the convenience of everyone thinking they're dead, which buys them time to help Mic plan an uprising. Once Mic steals the network signal, ICS will attempt to shunt the next one in orbit. He needs to send Stevie in with a team to the ICS building to stop them. Richards, seeing them as untrained kids, offers to help lead them, so he can fulfill his vow to Killian that he'd be back for retaliation. Mic says he'll be sending the uplink code in twenty minutes, and ten seconds later, he'll be on the air. Mendez tells him to can any planned speech; she has something better... the raw, unedited footage of the Bakersfield massacre. She hefts an automatic machine pistol and smiles smugly, preparing to help storm the ICS building with Richards and Stevie. The raid team storms in through the basement as Running Man dancers are doing their part in wrapping up the post-game show. Killian takes the stage, handling the post-game with his usual charm. But Killian is in for a rude surprise as Mic successfully hijacks the network signals with the uplink code and plays unedited footage for people watching the post-game all around the city: first revealing the true fates of the previous season winners, Whitman, Price, and Haddad... and then playing the unedited footage of the Bakersfield massacre, showing that the state carried it out and then left Richards as the scapegoat. Everyone watches in absolute dizzied shock as the unedited footage is being played out. Brenda and Tony, in the control room, realize the signal is coming from the network satellite, but Stevie and his team come barging in with guns pointed to stop any attempts to override. On stage, Killian frantically tries to calm the fans when Richards comes busting in with his half of the resistance team. People watching the end of the show in bars and social centers around the city find out the full truth of things as ICS/army soldiers open fire at Richards-- and indiscriminately kill anything moving, including innocent civilian audience members trying to flee in terror, while Richards and his team do everything in their power to herd the audience to safety and keep them out of the line of fire. Meanwhile, in a backstage corridor, Mendez is keeping guard when she suddenly finds Dynamo standing behind her. Knocking Mendez down, Dynamo plans to rape her before killing her since he failed to do it earlier in the game zone. Seeing Mendez reach for her gun, he grabs her wrist, wrestling for control of the gun. The weapon goes off and activates the overhead sprinklers, which short out the electrical controls in Dynamo's light suit, electrocuting him. Richards and his team finish taking out the police soldiers, but Killian seems unafraid and smug as Richards approaches him; Sven is on the scene. But Sven merely throws Killian's remark about Sven being a steroid junkie, back in his face, before giving Richards a polite nod and half-smile, and walking off stage, leaving Killian at the mercy of a very angry Richards. Forgetting that the cameras are still rolling, Killian tries to reason with Richards, giving a smooth pitch about how American people grow up on a diet of television and TV violence, and for 50 years, media and marketing experts have exploited this to go further than giving them wrestling and game shows, using commercial advertisements to tell people what to eat, how to dress, practically how to live. Richards pays no attention as he activates the sled controls at the launch tube. Grabbing Killian, Richards admits he hasn't been in show business long, but he's learned very quickly, and he thinks that right now, people would like a little something else. Richards slams Killian down onto the sled's chair, and the manacles snap shut, fettering him in place. Richards launches the sled through the tubes. Killian hurtles through the tube system, out into the beginning of the first game zone. With the ground crew and barriers gone, the sled continues hurtling through the air until it crashes into an advertisement poster for Cadre cola, and explodes, killing the entertainment kingpin. Fans all around the city and barrio, having seen the truth about ICS and Killian, burst into wild cheers and applause. Mendez makes her way up onto the stage. She smiles at Richards as he approaches her, and they start kissing. A large monitor on the outskirts of the city goes dark and reads, 'Please stand by.' Fade to black as the credits begin to roll. 
 G.I. Jane (1997)321) A female Senator succeeds in enrolling a woman into Combined Reconnaissance Team training where everyone expects her to fail. When a crusading chairperson of the military budget committee pressures the would be Navy secretary to begin full gender integration of the service, he offers the chance for a test case for a female trainee in the US Navy's elite SEAL/C.R.T. selection program. LT. Jordan O'Neill is given the assignment, but no one expects her to succeed in an inhumanly punishing regime that has a standard 60% dropout rate for men. However, O'Neill is determined to prove everyone wrong. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Washington DC a Senate hearing is being held. The hearing is chaired by a powerful Senator, Lillian DeHaven, who questions the US military's policies of women being allowed to serve in combat situations. DeHaven plans to have a female naval officer enroll in SEAL training, one of the toughest training programs the US Military has to offer, with a 60% failure rate amongst its candidates. She receives much resistance from the Naval representatives at the hearing, however she uses her influence to put her plan into action. The candidate DeHaven handpicks is Lieutenant Jordan O'Neill, who works in Naval communications as a satellite communications specialist. O'Neill has been passed over for promotion within her division with many male coworkers having less experience than she does. O'Neill is also romantically involved with one of her superior officers, Royce. Tension arises between herself and Royce when she chooses to participate in the training course. O'Neill reports to the SEAL training facility and is immediately subject to ridicule and discrimination from her fellow candidates and the base's commanding colonel, who makes attempts to treat her delicately because she's a woman. The facility's command master chief (CMC), John Urgayle, addresses his candidates for the 1st time by reciting a poem, "Self Pity", by DH Lawrence. The trainees are then begin their "hell week" where they are subjected to extremely rigorous mental and physical conditions: they are forced to push heavy ship fenders up sand dunes, exercise in cold water, hold heavy rafts over their heads for prolonged periods of time and are constantly ridiculed by Urgayle's staff. When the training regimen becomes too much for a candidate they have the option of leaving the program voluntarily by ringing a ceremonial bell three times. Hell week ends for the candidates when they are required to run a difficult obstacle course under live fire. O'Neill is told that there will be a small set of wooden steps at a wall marking the end of the course, to make it easier for her to scale the wall -- she protests and is told to be quiet. The trainees, including O'Neill, make it to the wall; O'Neill pushes the step unit aside and volunteers her own body to allow her fellow trainees to get over the wall. The last trainee, Cortez, reaches his hand down to help O'Neill but keeps his grip just out of reach and then suggests she quit. (He is later punished for his actions.) O'Neill uses the stair unit to scale the wall and runs to join her comrades but misses a tripwire, signifying she may have killed some or all of the company. Later, when Urgayle's staff reads of the candidates' times, O'Neill finds to her surprise she passed the course, even though she came in dead last, behind other candidates who didn't finish in the required 12 minute limit. She's told that she was given a 30 second buffer, a concept they refer to as "gender norming". O'Neill meets directly with the base's colonel, who, never happy about the idea of a woman being allowed into SEAL training, tells her that he'd altered the program because she's a woman. O'Neill requests that she be treated the same as the male candidates, including being allowed to take up residence in their barracks. Her request is granted and she reports to the base's barber shop. The barber isn't there and she shaves off her long hair herself and joins the men in their barracks. After a brief argument with one of the other candidates, Urgayle orders the ranking officer, Wickwire, to make up a schedule to allow O'Neill privacy in the head and shower. Back in Washington, O'Neill's success in hell week is reported to DeHaven. It is revealed that DeHaven has also been generating publicity about O'Neill's candidacy but she has an ulterior motive: she is using the incident as leverage to prevent the closing of military bases in her native Texas, but voting for base closings in other states. O'Neill continues through the rest of the program, learning how to use weapons, field strip and reassemble them and learns the effects of forced drowning from interrogation. She manages to score higher than most of her male counterparts and slowly begins earning the respect of more of her comrades. During an exercise where they are extracted from the water by high-speed boats, O'Neill fails to pull herself from the water (though she receives little help unlike her male teammates). Urgayle lectures her later about her failure in the test and tells her he earned the Navy Cross for pulling a man much larger than himself from a burning tank. He worries that O'Neill may not be able to perform a similar task under combat conditions. He also tells her that she'll be taking over a squad when one of the other trainees must leave due to an injury. The trainees then enter a very crucial stage of the program called SERE. They will be placed into a simulated combat mission where they are very likely be captured and subjected to harsh interrogation and physical abuse. The teams are dropped off at the coast of Captiva Island and, under O'Neill's direction, make their way inland until they find what appears to be a deserted compound. While they perform their reconnaissance procedures, part of O'Neill's team, Cortez and Slovnick, break off and try to retrieve a helmet for a souvenir, contravening her direct orders. The helmet is shot off its perch by a sniper and a net traps them both. O'Neill and the rest of her team try to retreat into the forest and are quickly captured. Their captors turn out to be Urgayle, his assistant Pyro and the rest of their training instructors. The ranking officers, including O'Neill, are thrown into confined wooden boxes and taken one at a time into the main shack to be interrogated. When O'Neill is taken in, Urgayle preys upon his perceived notion of O'Neill's weakness & her ability to carry out one of her team who was injured in their attempted escape. Urgayle then begins to beat O'Neill viciously, under the pretense of the treatment she'd receive if she were really captured by an actual hostile. Urgayle drags O'Neill outside and shoves her head in a trough of muddy water, demanding that the other prisoners reveal intelligence about the rest of the SEAL team in the forest. Urgayle then threatens to rape O'Neill in front of the company. O'Neill, her hands bound behind her, kicks Urgayle in the crotch and slams her skull into his face, breaking his nose. She then kicks him further. Urgayle gets to his feet and beats O'Neill down. He staggers to the prisoner corral and tries to convince the male members of the team, who have all turned their backs on him, that O'Neill is a weak link that could get them all killed. O'Neill, having regained her feet, suddenly shouts "SUCK MY DICK!!" to Urgayle. The rest of the team rallies behind her and Urgayle gives up, defeated. After returning from SERE training, the team, with new found respect and admiration for O'Neill's tough nature and courage, treat her to a drink. Shortly after, O'Neill is called into the colonel's office and presented with pictures of her hanging out with female officers suspected of being lesbians. O'Neill is told she'll be sent back to Washington and will take up a desk job until the matter is investigated. If O'Neill wishes to complete the SEAL program, she'll have to start over again. Furious at the false charges, O'Neill rings out of the SEAL program and drives back to Washington. She goes to the home she'd been sharing with Royce. Royce shows her evidence from DeHaven's office showing that the Senator had sent a memo to the Navy about the dangers of letting a woman complete SEAL training and that US citizens aren't ready for women to enter combat. O'Neill goes to a Senate committee hearing concerning the closing of military bases and confronts DeHaven openly. Accusing DeHaven of deliberately sinking her career for her own gain, DeHaven says she's actually amazed that O'Neill had gotten as far as she did in the training program and that her approval of O'Neill's enlistment was a publicity stunt. O'Neill threatens to take DeHaven's actions regarding military base closings to the news units just outside the hearing room and DeHaven promises to get O'Neill back into the SEAL program and does. O'Neill returns to her unit. The last phase of training is to be conducted somewhere in the Mediterranean Sea. While awaiting orders aboard a submarine, an emergency mission comes up and Urgayle's team is ordered to participate. A US satellite had come down in Libya and the US Army Ranger team sent in to retrieve it needs assistance in reaching their pickup point. The plutonium in the satellite is weapons grade according to O'Neill and could easily fall into enemy possession. After landing on the beach, O'Neill & Urgayle split from the rest of the team and reconnoiter a nearby Libyan camp. When a Libyan border patrol party shows up unexpectedly, O'Neill hides while being covered by Urgayle. They quickly determine that the Ranger team could be discovered. When one of the party gets too close to O'Neill's hiding spot, Urgayle shoots him, drawing the attention of the man's comrades. O'Neill and Urgayle retreat, O'Neill making it safely back to the beach. Surmising that the Chief wouldn't draw the Libyans back to the rallying point for both the satellite recovery unit and the SEAL team, she identifies another location that the Chief would more likely retreat to. The team sets up an ambush there with a minefield, and the Chief shows up. During a furious firefight, Urgayle is hit in the leg and O'Neill rushes into the minefield and drags the Chief out. The mines are detonated and the team escapes. On the beach, they receive assistance from a helicopter unit & are all loaded onto one of the choppers and lifted out. Back at the SEAL training facility, the successful graduates receive their pins for completing the training from Urgayle. O'Neill goes to empty her locker and finds a copy of DH Lawrence's poetry with a Navy Cross marking the page with the poem "Self Pity". She sees Urgayle, who gives her a glance, and then walks out of the locker room. The closing credits are preceded by Urgayle's speech to the candidates before they begin hell week. 