nm0007767:

 Betrayed (2006)Summaries Patrick, a young and ambitious journalist, is investigating the famous drug dealer Carlos Martinez. Helped by Mark, a federal agent and his best friend, they're going to try to put him down. By going too far in this case, he soon realizes that even justice is corrupted and the only person he can trust is himself. When powerful people don't want you to discover the truth, your liberty of speech is in trouble and Patrick is about to be BETRAYED Pierre-Emmanuel Plassart It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Maggie and Annie (2002)Summaries Annie, a happily married woman with a loving husband and daughter, joins her company's softball team and becomes good friends with her teammate, the openly gay Maggie. Much to Annie's surprise, her friendship with Maggie gradually develops into a strong attraction. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 God's Army (2000)Summaries Life as a Mormon missionary isn't what 19-year-old Brandon Allen expected: so many rules and so few successes. Los Angeles is as unrepentant as Sodom and Gomorrah. He's forced to share a small apartment with five young prank-loving missionaries and, to top it off, his first companion, 29-year-old Marcus Dalton, proves to be a harsh mentor. After only one day as a missionary, Allen is ready to hang up his necktie and go home. His point-of-view changes, however, as he begins to see the struggles and sacrifices that the other missionaries endure: Dalton, he soon learns, is fighting a losing battle with cancer. Banks, an African-American missionary, was disowned by his family when he joined the Mormon church. Kinegar, a fifth-generation Latter-Day Saint, finds himself doubting under the intellectual attacks of anti-Mormons. Working and living with these young men, Allen becomes a part of the drama occurring under the everyday surface of missionary life. After only a few intense days, Allen finds faith he didn't know he had, and courage he didn't know he lacked. He learns that the time has come to put away childish things, and to become more than just a man--to become a man of God. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fox the Gambler (2013)Summaries A short film about bowling and battling your demons, 'Fox The Gambler' is the story of Carl, a lifelong gambler on a run of bad luck who suddenly finds himself on the verge of rolling the perfect 300 game. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 