nm0001020:

 Breaking the Waves (1996)651) Oilman Jan is paralyzed in an accident. His wife, who prayed for his return, feels guilty; even more, when Jan urges her to have sex with another. Drama set in a repressed, deeply religious community in the north of Scotland, where a naive young woman named Bess McNeil meets and falls in love with Danish oil-rig worker Jan. Bess and Jan are deeply in love but, when Jan returns to his rig, Bess prays to God that he returns for good. Jan does return, his neck broken in an accident aboard the rig. Because of his condition, Jan and Bess are now unable to enjoy a sexual relationship and Jan urges Bess to take another lover and tell him the details. As Bess becomes more and more deviant in her sexual behavior, the more she comes to believe that her actions are guided by God and are helping Jan recover. Jonathan Broxton <j.w.broxton@sheffield.ac.uk> Bess McNeill is a young woman living in a conservative coastal village in Scotland. Against the wishes of her church she marries Jan, a Scandinavian worker on an oil rig. She is insanely in love with Jan and can't bear it when he leaves to do his shift on the oil rig. Then Jan is injured at work and everything changes. grantss Bess McNeill, a Scottish lass living in a small town in the highlands, is considered mentally simple. A devout Calvinist like most in her town, she often speaks to her version of God, who, channeling through her in return, often chastises her for what she considers her selfishness in always wanting more than she has. Despite the objections of the church elders, Bess marries Jan Nyman, a Dane, a North Sea oil rig worker and an atheist. Jan away working on the rig more often than he will be in Scotland with her, Bess does not handle his absence well, she, in one of those conversations with God, asking him to send Jan home sooner than the ten days she has to wait from the time of that conversation. Due to the circumstances of that visit home by Jan, Bess goes to extraordinary lengths to prove her devotion to God by also proving her complete love for Jan, she certain of the desired outcome in the end, which most people looking in would, and do, consider irrational. Huggo Chapter 1 - Bess Gets Married: In a backward religious village in the north of Scotland, the naive, immature, pure, susceptible, repressed and emotionally unstable Bess McNeill gets married with Danish worker Jan Nyman that works on a drilling rig. Chapter 2 - Life with Jan: Bess has a wonderful honeymoon with Jan, making love everywhere with her beloved husband. Chapter 3 - Life Alone: Jan has to embark to work in the oil-rig and Bess misses him. She prays to God to send Jan back home. There is a blowout in the drill deck and Jan is seriously injured, becoming completely paralyzed and the doctor diagnoses that he would never walk again. Chapter 4 - Jan's Illness: Bess talks to God and blames herself for the accident of her husband. Jan tries to convince her to have sex with other men. The three remaining chapters see Bess and Jan's life evolve. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. BREAKING the WAVES The story was about love, faith and confidence. A small coastal village in North Scotland, in 1970s.The village neighborhood didnt like foreigners, especially when those people worshiped different religions. The public of this village were very pious. In un-developed regions, women arent allowed to participate in the funeral ceremonies. The film was the first film of a trilogy, the names of which Golden Heart series. The movie was recorded by a hand-held camera, that brings audiences into the place. This technique made the fiction more realistic. The main character was Bess who had some mental problems and a childish manner. She had to be taken care of by her family members. She was talking with herself with a God Voice and tried to find a way to endure her pain. In the early chapters, we saw, Bess and Jan got married, had an incredible honeymoon and sexual experience. When Jan started to work, she missed him very much and begged God for the return her husband immediately. Everything changed with an accident. When Jan was in the oil-rig, he injured his neck and completely paralyzed. When Bess learned the accident, first she was very happy but then she started to blame herself. Their sex relations remained to fall down that situation. Jan asked her to take a lover and tell him the details. Because Jan knew Besss church wouldnt permit divorce. What do we think about Jans suggestion? Did he really want to get rid of her, for her sake? Or did he just think about himself? I think the story didnt answer this question. We should think about a man who was completely paralyzed and became selfish. Dodo, who was Besss sister-in-law, said sickness is a mighty power They quarreled about Besss situation. Jan believed Bess has more strength than them. Because of the whole painful process, Jan attempted to kill himself. When he failed, he asked Dodo for help for his own suicide. Dodo denied his request, she thought the second death would be very damaging for Bess. Bess had recently lost her brother. On the other side, Bess started to commit adultery. She believed in God and convinced herself if she did some sacrifices, Jan would be able to recovered. When she mentioned her bus experience, Jans reaction was unclearly. Was he relieved or annoyed? I think the most impressive chapter was the sixth one called Faith. In that chapter she started to go cheap bars and chose the ugliest guys. She punished herself that way. Meanwhile her reputation had become very damaged in the small village. Only Jans doctor and Dodo realized her tough condition. Bess had attempted to seduce the doctor too. Maybe he also liked her too, but didnt want to use her case. Everyone around her started to become aware of her sinful behavior. They even didnt tolerate her attitude. Her church, her neighbors, even her mother, everyone around her rejected her. In those kinds of small villages, people can be very cruel about morality. Which is the biggest sin? Who are the biggest sinners in this condition? Social rules are pressure in a small society. Actually, in this story everybody suffered a lot but they pretended to remain innocent while they pushed her down the cliff. I think miracles arent always fair. They can cause some kind of miserable consequences. At the end of the movie the unexpected miracle happened; the man recovered but he also lost his wife. The villagers wanted to punish her body too. They refused to bury her appropriately. Jan stole the body and gave her a real funeral. She buried at sea with the sound of bells. Here we have a story which argues what is right or wrong in love. If we were Bess, how many of us could be strong in love? ? To love a man and never hesitate to do some kind of tough sacrifices 
 Naked (1993)Summaries An unemployed Mancunian vents his rage on unsuspecting strangers as he embarks on a nocturnal London odyssey. Johnny flees Manchester for London, to avoid a beating from the family of a girl he has raped. There he finds an old girlfriend, and spends some time homeless, spending much of his time ranting at strangers, and meeting characters in plights very much like his own. John Hartnup <hartnupj@cs.aston.ac.uk> Naked tells the tale of Johnny, who flees Manchester for London after violently raping a woman. In London he crashes with ex-girl friend Louise and her flat mate Sophie. Both Johnny and Sophie seduce and eventually fall for one another. Johnny though, eventually gets fed up of Sophie's clinging and obsessive actions and leaves for the streets. In the following days Johnny unwittingly encounters all sorts of undesirable and peculiar people. An abusive Scottish boyfriend and girlfriend, a security guard of an empty building, an insomniac and a lonely young waitress. Meanwhile Louise and Sophie are tormented by the landlord from hell, Sebastian, who is abusive, violent, threatening and even rapes Sophie on their first encounter. By the end of his journey Johnny is beaten by a gang of youths. He stumbles his way back to the house not only bringing with him his chaos but stumbling into the chaos brought on from Sebastian. Luke Foster It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Career Girls (1997)431) 2 young women reunite and rekindle their friendship after having said goodbye at their college graduation, six years earlier. Career girls opens with a train journey towards London's Kings Cross where Annie, one of the major characters is about to meet her old university friend Hannah. She recalls moving into a grotty student flat with Hannah in the mid-eighties. In those days Annie was self conscious and jumpy. The pair have not seen one another since graduation. They both now have moderately successful careers and are, at least on the surface, self assured in their new lives. However, they are still carrying a lot of emotional baggage from their university days. During the course of a weekend they rediscover their close friendship and encounter many faces from the past. Sophie Cockcroft Annie and Hannah are former flat mates. Annie arrives in London to visit Hannah after six years of separate living. They remember the times they had together, relationships they had, start new ones... Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In present day 1996, Annie (Lynda Steadman) is on a train to London to spend the weekend with Hannah (Katrin Cartlidge), her flatmate when they were students at Polytechnic (the Polytechnic of North London) six years earlier. After picking up Annie at the Kings Cross train station and driving her back to her apartment, Hannah laments about her alcoholic mother, and Annie talks about her mother's search for a new boyfriend. Annie, who still lives with her mother in the countryside, admires Hannah's independence and her now-subdued mature personalty. In contrast, Hannah laments being forced to be independent since she was a child. Back in 1986, Hannah and Annie meet for the first time when the wild and outgoing Hannah and her flatmate Claire (Kate Byers) interview and accept the chain-smoking and outgoing Annie into their flat to help pay the rent. Annie and Hannah discuss getting rid of Claire due to her messy bad habits. After Claire moves out, Hannah and Annie discuss how Hannah hasn't cried since she was eight, when her parents split up. Annie, whose parents also divorced when she was eight, says she cries all the time. The following year, Ricky Burton (Mark Benton), a socially awkward stutterer, has temporarily moved in with Hannah and Annie after being kicked out by his landlord. While discussing psychological traits with them in a local pub, Ricky's untactful probing angers Hannah. While Ricky visits the Chinese takeaway beneath the flat, Annie and Hannah discuss the argument and how Ricky fancies Annie. In another flashback, Ricky drunkenly confesses his love for Annie, but Annie says she's in love with someone else. Ricky leaves and doesn't reappear, so Hannah and Annie travel to his grandmother's home in Hartlepool. She tells them that Ricky has gone out, possibly along the seafront, so they go to look for him there. In the present, Annie accompanies Hannah as she looks for a new flat to buy. One flat is owned by a Mr. Evans (Andy Serkis), whose flat contains a painting of his naked ex-girlfriend and pornographic magazines. Evans hits on Hannah and offers both women alcoholic drinks. They run out of the flat making excuses, and are still laughing as they drive off. At the next flat, Adrian Spinks (Joe Tucker), an estate agent, meets them. Annie realizes he is an old college boyfriend, but Adrian says he doesn't recognize either one of them. In between their conversations, flashbacks show Hannah and Annie's history with Adrian. After meeting him at a nightclub, Hannah takes Adrian home and sleeps with him. The following morning, he walks into Annie's room and tries to chat her up. In other flashbacks, Annie tells Adrian about a recurring sexual fantasy. Later, they kiss and discuss why he split up with his ex-girlfriend: Adrian says he didn't want the commitment, and leaves when Annie asks why. In the present, Hannah and Annie learn that Adrian is married with a child. At a Chinese restaurant having dinner, Annie and Hannah discuss how they have changed since attending the university and wonder what happened to Ricky. Annie says she hadn't stopped thinking about Adrian for past ten years. Hannah says she was hurt by the situation back then but said she didn't say anything because she knew that Annie was in love with him. In a flashback, Annie and Hannah cry and hug each other as they pack, preparing to leave their flat at the end of their four years at the university. At the present-day dinner, Hannah recalls being overwhelmed upon meeting Annie's kind family, as opposed to her own dysfunctional family. They see their old flatmate Claire jogging, and discuss the coincidence of seeing two old acquaintances in one afternoon. They decide to visit their old flat, and there spot Ricky sitting on the steps outside the Chinese takeaway, holding a toy elephant. He seems angry and delirious, and tells them he arrived from Hartlepool the previous day. He says the toy is for his son, but the mother won't admit that the child is his. He tells them that his grandmother recently died, and when Annie asks where he currently lives, he refuses to answer and responds that they don't care. They leave. In a flashback to their visit to Hartlepool, Hannah and Annie find Ricky by the sea. They ask how he is and he shouts and swears at them that he doesn't care. They chase after him and he screams at them to leave him alone. In the present in the final scene, Hannah and Annie return to the railway station where they say goodbye to one another as Annie boards a train to take her back home to the countryside. 
 No Man's Land (I) (2001)321) Bosnia and Herzegovina during 1993 at the time of the heaviest fighting between the two warring sides. Two soldiers from opposing sides in the conflict, Nino and Ciki, become trapped in no man's land, whilst a third soldier becomes a living booby trap. After various skirmishes, two wounded soldiers, one Bosniak and one Serb, confront each other in a trench in the no man's land between their lines. They wait for dark, trading insults and even finding some common ground; sometimes one has the gun, sometimes the other, sometimes both. Things get complicated when another wounded Bosnian comes to, but can't move because a bouncing mine is beneath him. The two men cooperate to wave white flags, their lines call the UN (whose high command tries not to help), an English reporter shows up, a French sergeant shows courage, and the three men in no man's land may or may not find a way to all get along. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two wounded soldiers are caught between their lines in no man's land, in a struggle for survival. Ciki is a Bosnian Muslim, and Nino is a Bosnian Serb. The two soldiers confront each other in a trench, where they wait for dark. They trade insults and even find some common ground. Confounding the situation is Cera, a wounded Bosniak soldier who wakes from unconsciousness. A land mine had been buried beneath him by the Bosnian Serbs; should he make any move, it would be fatal. Marchand, a French sergeant of the United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR), gets involved in effort to help the three trapped soldiers, despite initial orders to the contrary by high command. UNPROFOR's mission in Bosnia was to guard the humanitarian aid convoys, to remain neutral and act as a mere bystander. An English reporter arrives on scene, bringing media pressure to bear that moves the United Nations high command to swing in to action to try to save the soldiers. A row between the stressed out and fatigued Ciki and Nino gradually escalates even after being rescued. Eventually, Ciki shoots Nino and is in turn shot by a peacekeeper. After this confrontation, it is found that the mine cannot be defused. The UNPROFOR high command tries to save face: they lie, saying that Cera has been saved and they leave the area, along with the reporters and everyone else. In reality, Cera is left alone and desolate in the trenches, still immobilized by the mine. source:Wiki 