nm0006604:

 Insidious (I) (2010)761) A family looks to prevent evil spirits from trapping their comatose child in a realm called The Further. A gripping story of a family in search of help for their son, Dalton, who fell into a coma after a mysterious incident in the attic. Little do they know that there is much more to this endless sleep than meets the eye as they explore the paranormal, and rediscover the past; the key to getting their son back once and for all. David Murray Arthur The teacher Josh Lambert and his wife Renai move with their three children, the boys Dalton and Foster and the baby Cali, to a big house. When Dalton is exploring the attic, he falls from the ladder and hits the head on the floor. On the next morning, Dalton does not wake up and stays in coma, but the doctors are not able to diagnose his problem. Three months later, weird things happen in the house and Renai sees apparitions. She is sure that the house is haunted and convinces Josh to move to another house. Sooner Renai sees ghosts in the new house and Josh does not believe in his wife. But his mother Lorraine tells him that she had also had a vision of a fiend in Dalton's room. They invite the medium and Lorraine's old friend Elise Rainier, who brings her team of ghost hunters Specs and Tucker to investigate the supernatural phenomenon. Elise explains that Dalton is a traveler with the ability of leaving his physical body and travel in astral projection. Now his spiritual body is lost in a place called Further that is not for the living and entities are gathered trying to get inside his empty physical body. Among these entities there is a demon that needs Dalton's body to cause pain to the others. Further, Lorraine discloses that Josh is also a gifted traveler and must seek out Dalton in Further and bring him back. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil The Lambert family move into a new home. Little do they know that the house is haunted. The next morning, Riene puts her books on the shelf. A few minutes later the books fall off the shelf on their own - The baby monitor says it all, the demon takes over an innocent child. ahmetkozan Just settling down in their new home, parents Josh and Rene Lambert, their two sons Dalton and Foster, experience terror when their eldest son falls off of a ladder, hits his head and slips into a coma. After reviewing with the doctors and finding out their son has no head trauma, the two parents have absolutely no idea what has happened to their son. After horrible, indecipherable events start to take place, the two take the help of Elise Rainer, a paranormal investigator, who brings the family sinister and horrifying news about their boy that makes a coma the least of their worries... john_regrut After her young son, Dalton, falls into a mysterious coma, Renai, a composer and stay at home mom, begins experiencing threatening sounds and visions, which remain unseen by her increasingly absent husband, Josh. However, when Josh's mother calls a paranormal expert to consult, it is Josh who must confront his suppressed memories to save his family. mrosesteed Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At the beginning of the film, a shadowy old woman is seen inside a house while the inhabitants sleep. Renai and Josh Lambert have recently moved into a new home with their three children. One morning, Renai looks through a family photo album with her son, Dalton, who asks why there are no pictures of Josh when he was a child. Renai reasons that he has always been camera shy and disliked taking photos of himself. One evening, Dalton sees the attic door open and goes to investigate after hearing sounds upstairs. As he enters inside, he tries to climb a ladder to turn on the light, but falls when the ladder cracks. As he falls to the floor, he seems to stare in horror at the darkness as if looking at something terrifying. Shaken, he is put to bed by Renai and Josh and told not to play in the attic because it is off-limits. The next day, Dalton does not awaken from his sleep. Renai and Josh rush him to the hospital, where the doctors say he is in an inexplicable coma. Three months later, Dalton is moved back to his home while still in a coma. Shortly after, disturbing events begin to occur. The first is when Renai hears a voice on the baby monitor which shouts "I want it now!", a bloody hand-print on Dalton's bed and a strange but frightening man in her infant daughter's bedroom. Renai becomes more disturbed when their youngest son, Foster, says he does not like it when Dalton "walks around" at night. Renai tells Josh about the events, but when she is assaulted by the strange man that night, she begs Josh and the family soon moves to another house. In the new house, the supernatural events continue to occur, such as a strange, dancing boy, and soon become increasingly sinister. Lorraine, Josh's mother, recalls having a strange dream of going inside Dalton's room in the night and seeing something standing in the corner, and when questioned "What do you want?", it replies "Dalton." Subsequently Lorraine sees a red-faced figure standing behind Josh that roars at her and Dalton is then violently attacked in his bedroom. This prompts Lorraine to contact a friend, Elise Reiner, who specializes in the investigation of paranormal activity. The family, Elise, and her team enter Dalton's room and Elise sees and describes a figure to one of her two assistants, who draws a black figure with a red face and dark hollow eyes on the ceiling of Dalton's room; the same figure that Lorraine had seen before in the house. Elise explains to Renai and Josh that Dalton has the ability to astral project while sleeping and that he has been doing it since he was very young. The reason that Dalton is in a comatose state is because he has fearlessly traveled too far into different spiritual worlds (he believes the projections are dreams) and has consequently become lost in a land called "The Further", a place for the tormented souls of the dead. While Dalton's spirit is in this other world, he has left nothing but a lifeless body. The tormented souls crave another chance at life through Dalton's state, while there are others (possibly the old woman and the frightening man) who are more malicious in using him, and then there is the red-faced figure, revealed to be a demon, who wants to use Dalton for a more malicious intent. However, for a spirit to consume a body, a period of time and energy are required. Skeptical at first, Josh later relents when he discovers Dalton had been drawing pictures which resemble the demonic figure Elise described. They run a session to try to communicate with their son but Dalton appears and the demon uses Dalton's body to fight the group, along with other entities who want Dalton's body. After the session, Elise calls Lorraine and the two reveal to the couple that Josh also can astral project and was terrorized by an evil spirit during his childhood. Lorraine shows them pictures from Josh's childhood, revealing a shadowy old woman (the same woman from the beginning of the film) behind him. The more photographs taken of Josh, the closer the shadowy woman begins to get to Josh until she is inches away from him, explaining his fear of photos. Elise suggests that Josh should use his ability to find and help return Dalton's soul, to which Josh agrees. To prepare to astral-project and find his son, Elise sits him in a chair and places him in a trance. Josh suddenly awakes to find that he has astral-projected seeing his own self asleep in the chair as well as the others in the room. He proceeds outside in a misty emptiness in an attempt to find his way to Dalton. After encountering a boy who points him back towards a house (the same home that the Lamberts moved out of), he proceeds, only to encounter a family who is shot by a bizarre, smiling female member of the family in the living room. Startled, Josh makes his way to the attic where he discovers a red door (the same one drawn in Dalton's pictures). Before he can enter, the violent man seen by Renai in their daughter's room appears and attacks him. Once defeating him, Josh enters the red door. Inside is "The Further" and the red-faced demon's lair. While entering a cavernous red room, Josh discovers a sobbing Dalton, chained to the floor. Josh frees his son, but the demon has discovered Josh's presence and attacks them. In search of their physical bodies, Josh and Dalton flee the demon's lair, with the demon in pursuit. Just before the two awaken, Josh leaves his son to confront the shadowy old woman who appears to be inside his house. As he shouts for her to get away from him, screaming that he isn't afraid of her, she retreats into the darkness. Moments later, Josh and Dalton both awaken, just as all the spirits vanish. With the family now happily reunited, Renai, Dalton, and Lorraine chat in the kitchen as Elise and Josh pack up from the long night. Josh hands Elise the pictures from his childhood, and as she takes them from his hands, she senses something and takes a picture of Josh. He promptly goes into a rage, screaming that she knows that he doesn't like to get photographed, and leaps on her before strangling her to death. Renai hears Josh yelling and goes into the room to find Elise dead and Josh gone. She searches for Josh and finds everyone is gone, the house dead silent. She looks and comes across Elise's camera, seeing a picture in it of the shadowy old woman. It's revealed that what Elise saw was Josh's old and dirty hand and nails, similar to the old woman's, implying that she has possessed him. Josh then puts his hand on Renai's shoulder, saying "Renai, I'm right here," and horror envelops her face as she looks behind her. In a post-credits scene, the shadowy, old woman can be seen blowing out a candle and the screen fades into total darkness. 
 The Horror Crowd (2020)Summaries Revealing, intimate documentary spotlighting the Hollywood horror community. Fear...the most primal of human emotions. Dracula. Frankenstein. The Wolf Man. The Exorcist. Jaws. Alien. What made the creators of these films dream up the nightmares that kept us up at night? Were they as strange and twisted as their creations? And what about today's creators of horror? Who are the minds behind the macabre of present day? A revealing, intimate documentary from veteran actor-insider Ruben Pla, The Horror Crowd spotlights the Hollywood horror community, covering such wide-ranging topics as Women In Horror, Race Relations, Being The Weird Kid, Sparking The Imagination, Helping Each Other, Film Festivals, and The Dark Side. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Kill (2014)Summaries An ex-boyfriend torments and threatens to kill the girl who left him...but things are not as they seem. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Malignant (I) (2021)431) Madison is paralyzed by shocking visions of grisly murders, and her torment worsens as she discovers that these waking dreams are in fact terrifying realities. Twenty-seven long years after the brutal Simion Research Hospital incident, abused Madison wakes up in a hospital in present-day Seattle. But with numbing visions of murder getting in the way of a normal life, more and more, Madison's obscure past emerges, baffling both herself and the local detectives. Are these explicitly violent killings figments of Madison's troubled imagination? Either way, someone, or better yet, something, links the past to the present, demanding closure and blood. Is the bogeyman real? Nick Riganas In 1993, at the Simion Research Center, the dangerous Gabriel kills many doctors and nurses and Dr. Florence Weaver, who is in charge of the case, says that it is time to cut out the cancer. In the present days, in Seattle, Madison Mitchell is pregnant after three miscarriages. When her drunken husband Derek Mitchell argues with her and beats her head against the wall, Madison passes out and when she awakes, she sees Derek murdered in a gruesome way. Madison loses the baby, and her younger sister Sydney Lake comforts her. Soon Madison has dreadful nightmares with a monster and horrible deaths. When she realizes that the murders are happening in real life, Madison and Sydney look for Police Detectives Kekoa Shaw and Regina Moss to report her dreams. What is the mystery behind the nightmares? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1993, Dr. Florence Weaver and her colleagues Victor Fields and John Gregory treat a psychiatric patient named Gabriel at Simion Research Hospital. Gabriel has special powers like controlling electricity and broadcasting his thoughts via speakers. One night, Gabriel turns violent and kills several staff members of the institution. Twenty-eight years later, Madison Lake, a pregnant woman living in Seattle, returns home to her husband, Derek Mitchell, after her pregnancy causes her to feel ill at work. During an argument, Derek smashes Madison's head against a wall after which she locks herself in the bedroom and falls asleep. Madison later wakes up to find Derek's body after having a dream of a man entering their house and violently killing him. The killer, still being in the house, attacks Madison, rendering her unconscious. The next morning, Madison wakes up in a hospital and is informed by her sister, Sydney, that her unborn baby didn't survive the attack. After being interviewed by police detective Kekoa Shaw and his partner Regina Moss, Madison returns home. That same hour, Gabriel kidnaps a woman running the Seattle Underground Tour. Madison sees another dream about Gabriel murdering Weaver. During their investigation, Shaw and Moss discover a photo of Madison as a child in Weaver's house and learn that she specialized in child reconstructive surgery. Madison and her sister approach the police after watching Gabriel murder Fields. Gabriel contacts Madison, causing her to remember her past. She and her sister visit their mother, Jeanne, to learn more. Madison realizes that Gabriel wasn't her imaginary friend but someone real with whom she talked to during her childhood. Shaw finds a link between the doctors and Madison, which leads him to discover Gregory's dead body. The detectives enlist the help of a psychiatric hypnotherapist, hoping to unlock Madison's memories. Madison recalls that her birth name is Emily May and that Gabriel wanted her to kill her unborn sister. She almost came close to doing it but was able to stop. The police arrest Madison when the kidnapped woman falls from the attic in her home, revealing that Gabriel was living inside her house. It is later revealed that the woman is Serena May, Madison's birth mother. Sydney visits the now locked Simion hospital and finds that Gabriel is Emily's twin brother, who lives inside her body as an extreme version of a "teratoma" sharing the same brain as Emily. Weaver operated on Emily to cut out the parasitic tumor and sewed Gabriel back into her brain. He was dormant during her childhood but woke up when Derek smashed her head in. Gabriel, provoked by fellow inmates in the lockup, takes control of Madison's body, slaughters them and almost the entire precinct with superhuman strength and agility, eventually leaving with his clothing and weapon. Sydney and Shaw intercept him at the hospital where Serena is admitted. Shaw is severely wounded by Gabriel and Sydney is pinned to the wall by a thrown hospital bed. Sydney informs Madison that Gabriel is the cause of her miscarriages because he was feeding off her fetuses. Angry at the revelation, Madison wakes up and takes back control of her body. Transporting themselves to a black mindscape, Madison locks a disbelieving Gabriel behind bars saying that she is now the one in control and that Gabriel's powers are hers now. As Madison leaves Gabriel to rot in the mindscape, he insists to her that he will return one day. Madison replies that she will be ready for him when he does and leaves the mindscape. Back in the hospital and in full control of her body, Madison lifts the hospital bed pinning Sydney to the wall with her newly acquired superhuman strength. The pair hug as Madison affirms that even though she was adopted and is not related by blood, she was her sister all along and proud to be so. As the two embrace, a light bulb in the corner of the room flickers slightly. 