nm0011587:

 Il sogno della farfalla (1994)Summaries Massimo is a young actor who is a spellbinding livewire on stage. A theatre director is moved by his talent and wants to do a play about him, to turn him into a great role to be interpreted by Massimo himself. But the actor's father informs the director of his son's strange decision to renounce conventional language in everyday life, and offers a possible explanation: a disillusionment in love. The mother agrees to compose the script, perhaps to bring her son back to an equality characterised by a verbal language that is understandable to all. L.H. Wong <as9401k56@ntuvax.ntu.ac.sg> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Verbotene Liebe (19952015)Summaries Television series circling around young people, friends and families in Cologne and Dsseldorf, Germany. The series' trademark is that it tells both about life in rich (such as Dukes and Duchesses) as well as "normal" families and people. Other and maybe most important trademark is that there always is one or many cases of forbidden love ("Verbotene Liebe"), such as homosexuality or adultery. Smoothhoney1265 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Vater, lieber Vater (1994)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Sect (1991)Summaries A lonely kindergarten teacher discovers a secret well in the basement of her house, and soon finds herself being followed by a murderous Satanic cult. A spree of grisly murders is perpetrated in Frankfurt by a group of Satan worshippers. A school teacher almost runs over an old man with a box and takes him in. It's no accident that the old man has come into her life, and it quickly becomes apparent that he has plans for her, plans that involve a permanent future with the Satanic cult. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 