nm0008064:

 Walker, Texas Ranger (19932001)Summaries Walker and his partner Trivette are Texas Rangers. They make it their business to battle crime in Dallas and all around the Great State of Texas. Cordell Walker is a veteran Texas Ranger who protects Dallas from the bad guys and believes in dealing with them the old fashioned way (fighting them). He also works on instincts from the childhood he lived on an Indian Reservation with his uncle Ray, after the death of his parents. James Trivette is his partner, a former player for the Dallas Cowboys football team and uses the modern approach to crime solving, such as computers and cellular phones, disbelieving in Walker's methods. Both are helped by Walker's mentor and former partner, retired Ranger C.D. Parker, who owns a bar and grill, specialized in Western cuisine and Country-Western themes, and gives Walker advice on some cases. And all of them work for Assistant District Attorney Alex Cahill, a beautiful, strong and brilliant Texas lady who watches that Walker and Trivette don't break the rules for catching the bad guys. Chockys Texas Ranger Cordell Walker, one of the last old-fashioned heroes of the West, is a protective friend but a relentless foe who will stop at nothing to bring a criminal to justice. Walker works on instinct, often drawing on the traditions of his Native American ancestors. His partner, James Trivette, has a more modern approach to crime-solving. C.D. Parker, a retired Ranger, and Alex Cahill, the county assistant district attorney who shares a mutual attraction with Walker, support the Rangers in their battle to serve justice. DANIEL It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Day of the Warrior (1996)Summaries The Agency's computer database is compromised by a powerful criminal named "The Warrior". Now, with the list of all the undercover agents' identities in hand, he is going after them, one by one. Somehow, the L.E.T.H.A.L. Agency's Headquarters security has been breached by an unknown foe who managed to break into the Force's computer system and tamper with classified documents regarding valuable information about its operatives. It seems that the man behind this cyber attack is none other than the "Warrior", a former CIA Agent and nowadays, a powerful multi-level criminal entrepreneur whose tentacles have spread into pornography, smuggling and the white slave trade. Ultimately, with the list of all the undercover agents' identities in hand, it is Commander's Willow Black and her team of Agents, Tiger and Cobra high-priority mission to obliterate the mastermind's lucrative underground market network. Nick Riganas The Legion to Ensure Total Harmony and Law (L.E.T.H.A.L.), is tracking a criminal mastermind known only as The Warrior. While investigating his combination diamond smuggling/art theft/porn production industry, the agents discover that he has cracked their secret database and has stolen the files on all of their agents. With the help of their martial arts intructor Fu, agents Tiger, Willow and Cobra take on the case while also taking every opportunity to remove their bikini tops. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Dallas Connection (1994)Summaries Scientists in charge of a sophisticated, state-of-the-art, military satellite are being assassinated. It's up to a team of federal agents to protect the last surviving scientist able to activate the satellite. Throughout the world, esteemed scientists are assassinated right before a major scientific convention in Dallas. Without a doubt, this killing spree has to do with the upcoming International World Arms Removal project, a sophisticated, state-of-the-art satellite system which has the ability to detect any weapons however big or small, under the most difficult weather conditions. For fear of being targeted, scientist Antonio Morales asks for the Agency's protection while on his way to Dallas, a job for Special Agent Samantha Maxx. As Dr Morales plays a key role in the full operational capacity of the IWAR system, he must be protected at all costs, however, can Agent Maxx stop Black Widow's assassins? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sidekicks (1992)Summaries A bullied teen who fantasizes about being Chuck Norris' sidekick trains in martial arts to fulfill his dreams. Barry is an asthmatic kid having trouble in life. He lives with his father, a computer programmer, in Texas. Barry is struggling to get by in life, dealing with his rough school life, bullies, as well as his health. Barry's only source of enjoyment is fantasizing that he is with Chuck Norris. Barry becomes sick of getting picked on by the bigger guys, and decides to learn karate, in hopes of one day meeting the great Chuck Norris. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 