nm0007051:

 PSI Factor: Chronicles of the Paranormal (19962000)Summaries A science team that works for the Office of Scientific Investigation and Research (O.S.I.R.) investigates the reports of supernatural phenomena. A team of scientific researchers belonging to a scientific group that investigates reports of paranormal phenomena. A procedural format that follows a hand-full of characters on their assigned cases, the investigations would either be determined to have rational/explainable causes or be determined to be paranormal in-nature. Loosely inspired by a real-life organization and true-events. IMDB Researcher It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Full Disclosure (2001 Video)Summaries A reporter discovers a woman who is a suspected terrorist. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 That Was Then (2002)Summaries It talks about what was then. Travis Glass is about to turn 30 and his life couldn't be worse. He lives with his mother. He's a door salesman. And the longtime love of his life is married to his brother. His descent into loserdom dates back to a fateful and humiliating week in high school, and all Travis wants is a second chance to get it right. Be careful what you wish for. Travis wakes up the next morning, 16 again, with a chance to relive all of life's firsts. While tinkering with the past, he manages to save a life, jeopardize a marriage, and lose the most precious thing in his otherwise flawed future. Before he knows it, Travis is transported back to adulthood, about to turn 30 again, and his life couldn't be worse. Now, he'll have to keep hopping back and forth between high school and adulthood until he figures out how to put things right once and for all. But how do you put things right when every move you make can result in a new and totally unexpected future? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Relic Hunter (19992002)55) Sydney Fox is a university professor and black belt who globe-trots after lost, stolen and rumored to exist artifacts and antiquities. Sydney Fox is a professor but primarily a globe-trotting "relic hunter," looking for ancient artifacts to return to museums and/or the ancestors of the original owner. She's aided by her linguistic assistant Nigel, and occasionally by her secretaries Claudia and Karen. She often ends up battling rival hunters seeking out artifacts for the money. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> Professor Sydney Fox is head of the archeology department at a Chicago University. She can inspire her students very well, but is often absent on short notice, unable to resist the call of the field, which is however tolerated because it can pay off big for the university's museum as she's a world-class relic hunter. Her scholarly brilliant English academic assistant, Nigel Bailey, has his reservations about being dragged along all over the world on most of her treasure hunts, but puts up with the risks and inconveniences of the guests out of a sense of duty and because of the appeal the athletic lady adventurer seems to have on most men in the series. The third permanent cast member is their office secretary, during most seasons vain airhead Claudia whose rich father is frightfully well-connected, notably with the chancellor, later the far more competent Karen Petrusky; both usually stay in college, minding things there and doing some research, booking etcetera, but on occasion also get to play a more active part, and in both cases tend to make use of their female charms too. While each episode is a treasure hunt on its own, some other characters recur twice or more, mainly rival relic hunters and/or personal acquaintances, such as Sydney's many former lovers, a secret agent and Nigel's brother. KGF Vissers With the help of her faithful assistant from England Nigel Bailey the university professor Sydney Fox moonlights as a relic hunter. Together they travel around the globe in search for stolen relics to be returned to museum always risking their lives. Sydney Fox is an unconventional professor at a Chicago University. Her main passion, however, is history and antiquities. With her mild-mannered English assistant Nigel, she travels across the world finding lost treasures which have fallen into the wrong hands. Tom Daly It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 