nm0000932:

 Gothika (2003)541) A depressed psychiatrist wakes up as a patient in the asylum where she worked, with no memory of why she is there or what she has done. Dr. Miranda Grey is a psychiatrist who works in a penitentiary, in the mental institution sector. She is married with Dr. Douglas Grey, the chief of department where Dr. Pete Graham also works. Chloe Sava, a patient of Dr. Miranda formerly abused by her stepfather, claims that she is frequently raped by the devil in her cell. After leaving the asylum in a stormy night, Dr. Miranda has a car accident, and when she wakes up, she is an inmate of the institution, being accused of an horrible crime and having no memory of the incident. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A criminal psychologist awakens to find herself a patient in the institution where she works, with no memory of the murder she's accused of committing. As she tries to regain her memory - and her freedom - a vengeful spirit manipulates her. Anonymous Dr. Miranda Grey is a brilliant criminal psychiatrist. However, after a auto accident, she wakes up only to find that she has been convicted for the murder of her husband Doug. With only fragmented memories of the alleged crime, she begins to dig deeper into her husband's past. Meanwhile she is being haunted by the ghost of a girl called Rachel who is seemingly trying to convey a message to her with the phrase 'not alone.' As Miranda learns more about her husband with clues from Rachel, she realizes that Doug is not who he seems at all. Ploy P. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Psychiatrist Dr. Miranda Grey (Halle Berry) works at a mental hospital and has a car accident after trying to avoid a girl (Kathleen Mackey) on a road during a stormy night, while driving back home. She rushes to try to help the girl. The girl turns out to in fact be a ghost, and possesses Miranda's body by burning her after she extends her hand to the girl. Miranda loses consciousness. Miranda next wakes up in the very hospital she works for, but as a patient treated by her co-worker, Dr. Pete Graham (Robert Downey, Jr.). Drugged and confused, she remembers nothing of what happened after the car accident. To her horror, she learns that her husband Douglas (Charles S. Dutton) was brutally murdered and that she is the primary suspect. While Miranda copes with her new life in the hospital, the ghost uses her body to carry out messages (most noticeably, she carves the words "not alone" into Miranda's arm) which leads her former colleagues to believe Miranda is suicidal and is inflicting the wounds on herself. Meanwhile, Miranda bonds with fellow inmate (and former patient) Chloe Sava (Penlope Cruz). Several times in sessions, Chloe had claimed that she'd been raped while in the hospital, but Miranda had always attributed these stories to mental illness. One night, the door to Miranda's room in the hospital is opened by the ghost that has been haunting her. When she passes Chloe's room in the hospital, she can hear the rape occurring and momentarily sees a man's chest pressed against the window. The man's chest bears a tattoo of an Anima Sola. Miranda realizes that Chloe was not making up these stories, and when she sees Chloe the next day, she apologizes, and the two embrace. Chloe warns Miranda her attacker said he was going to target Miranda next. Miranda begins regaining some of her memories bit by bit, and slowly comes to remember herself killing her husband. She realizes that the ghost had used her body to murder Douglas, thus making Miranda the patsy for his murder. This is why all of the physical evidence points to Miranda. Miranda escapes the hospital, having recognized the girl as a ghost. Seeking clues to the mystery of why she killed her husband, she goes to a farmhouse in Willow Creek, Rhode Island. In the cellar of the barn she discovers a room containing a blood-stained bed, what appears to be a box containing drugs, restraints, and video equipment. She watches the tape that is still in the camera and the viewer hears a woman screaming as if tortured or raped. In the final seconds of the video, Douglas walks into the shot, covers a woman's lifeless body on the bed with a sheet, and winks at the camera. At this point, police arrive, and one officer comes closer to Miranda and draws a gun on her while she is holding a knife to him. Miranda backs up to a stair case, and all of a sudden an injured, frantically screaming girl grabs hold of her from the adjoining crawlspace. The police release the girl, and Miranda is taken to jail. While she is in jail, Sheriff Ryan (John Carroll Lynch), who was Douglas' closest friend, talks to Miranda, and quizzes her on how she knew all these things. He does not believe her claim that ghosts told her everything, and asks her what sort of person the accomplice would be. Miranda uses her experience as a psychiatrist to give a psychological profile, and as she does so realizes that Ryan fits the profile perfectly. He attacks Miranda and in the fight reveals his tattoo an Anima Sola. Miranda kills the sheriff in an act of self-defense, with the help of the ghost. Meanwhile, Miranda sees that Pete just comes here to try to save her (as Pete had also discovered what she said were true). Miranda is next seen walking with Chloe on a city sidewalk discussing how each helped the other come to terms with their experiences. Miranda claims to be free of the ghost's influence and sends Chloe off in a taxi. Miranda then sees a young boy standing in the middle of the road who appears as though he is about to be struck by a fire truck. Miranda yells for the boy to move, but after the fire truck passes through the boy without harming him she realizes he was only a ghost. As Miranda walks away, a poster with the words "Have you seen Tim?" and a picture of the same boy is shown taped to a pole next to the street on which Miranda is walking. 
 Monster's Ball (2001)541) After a family tragedy, a racist prison guard re-examines his attitudes while falling in love with the African-American wife of the last prisoner he executed. Set in the Southern United States, 'Monster's Ball' is a tale of a racist white man, Hank, who falls in love with a black woman named Leticia. Ironically Hank is a prison guard working on Death Row who executed Leticia's husband. Hank and Leticia's interracial affair leads to confusion and new ideas for the two unlikely lovers. Anna <annachan@amazon.com> Hank Grotowski is a prison guard whose son, who works on the prison's death row, commits suicide. Grotowski spirals into depression until one night he helps Leticia Musgrove's injured son. When he dies, the couple are united by grief, but as their relationship develops, he learns he and his son were party to the execution of her husband. Jwelch5742 Hank Grotowski is a prison guard. He works with his son, Sonny, and lives at home with his racist father, Buck. Lawrence Musgrove has just been executed and a horrible tragedy has happened at home. Now, Hank has just met Leticia, a young black woman struggling to make ends meet and they quickly fall in love to ease each other's pains. If only he knew that Leticia is Musgrove's widow... Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hank Grotowski (Billy Bob Thornton), a widower, and his son, Sonny (Heath Ledger), are correctional officers in the local prison. They reside in Louisiana with Hank's ailing father, Buck (Peter Boyle), an unwavering racist whose wife had committed suicide. Hank's hateful attitude towards others, strongly influenced by his father Buck, results in Hank's hatred of his father, his son, and members of the neighboring community. As Hank and Sonny assist in the execution of convicted murderer Lawrence Musgrove (Sean "Diddy" Combs), the proceedings prove too intense for Sonny, who begins to vomit as he is leading Lawrence to the electric chair. Some time later, Hank drags Sonny out of bed and tells him to get out of the house. Unable to cope with the estrangement, Sonny grabs a gun. The confrontation ends in their living room with Hank at gunpoint, lying on the carpet, and Sonny in his grandfather's customary chair. Sonny asks his father, "You hate me, don't you?" After his father calmly confirms that he does and says he always has, Sonny responds, "Well, I always loved you," and then kills himself. Hank subsequently buries his son, quits his job at the prison, burns his uniform in the backyard, and locks the door of Sonny's room up tightly. Buck calls him a quitter. During the years of Lawrence's imprisonment, his wife, Leticia Musgrove (Halle Berry), has been struggling while raising their son, Tyrell (Coronji Calhoun). The boy, who inherited his father's artistic talent, is also morbidly obese. Along with her domestic problems, she also struggles financially, leading to the loss of the family car and more seriously, an eviction notice on her house. In desperate need of money, Leticia becomes employed at a diner frequented by Hank. One rainy night, Leticia and Tyrell are walking down a rain-soaked highway when the boy is struck by a car. Leticia is left helpless on the side of the road, grasping her son and calling out to passing motorists, although no one stops to help. Hank happens to be driving along, however, and sees Leticia, cradling her mortally injured son. He initially drives by as well, but goes back to pick them up, driving them to a hospital. Tyrell dies upon arrival, and Hank lends his shoulder for Leticia to cry on. At the suggestion of the authorities at the hospital he drives her home. They have a lot in common, as they both lost sons but they don't find that out until later. Some time later on Hank gives Leticia a ride home from the diner and after they begin talking in the car and find out about their common losses, she invites him in and they drown their grief with alcohol.They begin a relationship, which is initially based on sex and relief from loneliness but later becomes emotionally supportive. Hank finds out that Leticia is Lawrence's widow, but he does not tell her that he participated in her husband's execution. Leticia stops by Hank's home with a present for him. Hank is not home, but Buck is. Buck insults Leticia using raw racist language and implying that Hank is only involved with her because he wants to have sex with a black woman. She responds by rejecting Hank. This incident proves to be the last straw for Hank and he decides to send his father to a nursing home and it is implied that Hank will cut him out of his life as well. Leticia is evicted from her home for non-payment of the rent and Hank invites her to move in with him. She agrees. Leticia discovers Hank's involvement in her husband's death while he is gone but is there waiting for him when he returns from town with ice cream. At first she looks dazed but gradually she seems to cheer up. As they sit on the porch, eating ice cream and gazing up at the stars, Hank says, "I think we're going to be all right." Leticia smiles, acknowledges the transition and new care and love but does not reply. 
 Catwoman (2004)321) A shy woman, endowed with the speed, reflexes, and senses of a cat, walks a thin line between criminal and hero, even as a detective doggedly pursues her, fascinated by both of her personas. Catwoman is the story of shy, sensitive artist Patience Philips, a woman who can't seem to stop apologizing for her own existence. She works as a graphic designer for Hedare Beauty, a mammoth cosmetics company on the verge of releasing a revolutionary anti-aging product. When Patience inadvertently happens upon a dark secret her employer is hiding, she finds herself in the middle of a corporate conspiracy. What happens next changes Patience forever. In a mystical twist of fate, she is transformed into a woman with the strength, speed, agility and ultra-keen senses of a cat. With her newfound prowess and feline intuition, Patience becomes Catwoman, a sleek and stealthy creature balancing on the thin line between good and bad. Like any wildcat, she's dangerous, elusive and untamed. Her adventures are complicated by a burgeoning relationship with Tom Lone, a cop who has fallen for Patience but cannot shake his fascination with the mysterious Catwoman, who appears to be responsible for a string of crime sprees plaguing the city. Austin4577@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The figure of a limp woman with long curly hair is seen drifting underwater, and a voiceover questions the end of a life that never truly existed. This life ended in murder, the victim herself unsure of who her killer was and why she was killed. Her death was only metaphorical, for in her place a new life begins. The story starts with Patience Phillips (Halle Berry), a timid woman who can't stand up for herself. She lets people walk all over her, and has wasted her artistic talent working for a cosmetic company as a graphic designer. George Hedare (Lambert Wilson) runs the company with his supermodel wife, Laurel (Sharon Stone). Laurel knows that Patience is capable, but seems mostly indifferent, only using her in own power struggles with her husband. George, an abusive boss in general, finds plenty of opportunity to mock Laurel. The company is about to launch BeauLine, a new anti-aging product that Laurel had secretly been using for years. The advertisement is designed by Patience but George, unsatisfied, demands that she redesigns it. Upset and frustrated, Patience returns home and sees a cat looking up at her. Shaking her head, she goes to sleep, but her loud neighbours keeps her up and she is unable to rest. Next morning, the cat is on her window ledge. When she approaches, she realizes the cat has climbed up to a higher ledge and was potentially stuck. To try and reach the cat, Patience climbs out her window ledge, and a passing detective mistakens her intentions as suicidal. He ends up rushing into her apartment and pulling her back in. Patience would have thanked him but realizes she is late for work, in her hurry to leave she drops her wallet. The detective, Tom Lone (Benjamin Bratt), tracks her down to her workplace and returns it to her, and both agree to a coffee date. Later that night, Patience goes to the production factory to deliver her artwork, and she accidentally hears that the BeauLine has unsafe health problems. Stunned, she backs into several tools, revealling her presence. Two men chase her into a large waste water pipe, where she is trapped, and they flush her into the river, where she drowns. The cat that has been appearing in front of Patience appears by her body and gathers several other cats around her. Patience eventually drags herself unsteadily up and returns home. Her movements are off and uncontrollable, and she ends up breaking the glass through her own window. When her neighbours start their usual loud party again, she yells at them to quiet but they again ignore her. The old Patience would have backed down, but now she strodes down, knocks on their door, and promptly beats up the host and destroys the music equipment in front of many shocked guests. When she wakes up the next morning, she almost dismisses everything as a dream until she sees the broken glass. Unfortunately, her memories of what happened before that are blank, and so she cluelessly returns back to work. At work, George loudly yells at Patience in front of all her coworkers for not handling in her project. She tunes him out, which angers him further, and when she apologizes he only continues. Patience than apologizes for wasting her time in the company, and is fired, but as soon as George leaves her colleagues swarm around her in congratulations. Patience packs up her things and while she and her friends are walking home, two dogs instantly begin barking at her and she instinctively hisses at them. When questioned, she explains her behaviour as allergies. When they pass by a jewelry store, Patience's attention is caught by a beautiful collar-like necklace, but is reminded of her new unemployed status and leaves longingly. Once home, she sees the same cat again, and finally close enough she was able to find the address on the cat's owner. The cat belonged to an older woman named Ophelia, a former professor who lived alone in a house full of cats. She explains that the cat constantly appearing in front of Patience is named Midnight, a rare Egyptian Mau who likely has been watching Patience for several days, knowing that she was about to die. The cat has special powers that are given only to a few deserving women after they die. Hence after Patience died, she is reborn with new catlike powers. History will tell of women with the senses and agility of a cat, and Patience has now joined their ranks. Patience and Catwoman are two completely different people, yet they are one. Now on the prowl, Patience digs up a leather outfit she once received as a gift but never wore, and donned on the cat mask Ophelia gives her. Catwoman finds the man who had tried to shoot before drowning Patience, but after a fight she learns he had no idea who the girl he killed even was or exactly why he had been suddenly called in to eliminate her. He only knows it was something to do with the company, perhaps some sort of corporate scandal, and that she should probably check with the people at the top. Catwoman agrees and goes to corporate headquarters, only to find another man she had seen on the night of her death lying dead on the floor. A passing janitor walks into the scene and mistakens Catwoman as the man's murderer, she is forced to flee when the police are summoned. Now a wanted criminal to the public, Catwoman sneaks into George's private residence, where she briefly gets into a fight with Laurel. Catwoman demands to know where George is, telling Laurel about the terrible effects of BeauLine. Laurel gives Catwoman a hotel address as well as a cell phone so the two of them could keep in contact. Catwoman finds George with Drina, another upcoming model, in a private balcony watching a dance. Unfortunately, a security officer had already spotted Catwoman and called the police. When Drina briefly leaves and Catwoman tries to interrogate an uncooperative and still abusive George, she is cut short by the police suddenly appearing. Left with no choice, she jumps off the balcony and onto the stage before briefly dropping down below. The audience mistakens her brief appearance as part of the show and loudly applaud while below, Catwoman finds Tom with a gun. The two of them fight while she flirts and even kisses him before reinforcements arrive and Catwoman is again forced to flee. On their date, Tom tells Patience about his encounter with Catwoman. She doesn't seem jealous, and the two continue having a great time until Tom finds a diamond-studded claw in Patience's home, something he instantly recognizes as part of Catwoman. He takes a cup Patience had drank from to the police lab, where analysis prove Patience and Catwoman as the same person. Meanwhile, Patience wakes up alone in the bed, and receives a call from Laurel who says she found evidence of her husband's crimes. Catwoman goes to the Hedare residence only to fall for a trap - George had been clawed at and fatally shot, and Laurel tosses the gun into Catwoman's hands so that the police would identify her as the killer. Her agility and Laurel's exercise outfit helps Patience escape the police and allows her to return home, but Tom is waiting for her. He knows if she wanted to she could quickly disarm him, but she doesn't and lets him arrest her and bring her into interrogation. Patience pleads her case and tries to explain, but as Tom pointed out all the evidence pointed to Catwoman as the killer. Patience realizes that Tom probably still saw her as the girl from his first impression - a crazy woman with suicidal or even hallucinatory tendencies. In tears, she allows him to lock her in the detention cell, but it only takes the appearance of Midnight for her to successfully escape. She ends up going to BeauLine's production warehouse and disabling all the trucks so that the merchandise could not be delievered. Tom goes to the BeauLine press conference where Laurel is heavily promoting the producting and giving out free samples. He privately takes her aside and indicates that he had evidence about her crimes, and when she unintentionally confesses he is unprepared for her murderous reaction. Luckily Catwoman arrives in time, but Tom is already injured and unable to run quickly out the building. Instead they are forced to stay behind to fight Laurel and her lackeys. Despite his injured state Tom is able to take care of himself, and Catwoman fights her way to Laurel for a final confrontation. To her dismay, it turns out that Laurel is unable to feel pain, largely due to the continuous use of BeauLine. Nevertheless, Catwoman manages to damage skin and eventually causes Laurel to plunge out the window. For the first time, Catwoman realizes she may have killed someone. Catwoman's exploits end up on the news, and the Hedra company is shut down, but partially because of the ambigous nature of Catwoman and partially out of guilt Patience is unable to relax. She breaks up with Tom and prepares to live her own life, free and untamed, the Catwoman of her generation. 
 Die Another Day (2002)761) James Bond is sent to investigate the connection between a North Korean terrorist and a diamond mogul, who is funding the development of an international space weapon. Pierce Brosnan gives one last mission as James Bond 007. Starting off in North Korea, Bond is betrayed and captured. Fourteen months later, Bond is set free, but traded for Zao (Rick Yune) who was captured by MI6. When back in his world, Bond sets off to track down Zao. Bond gets caught up in yet another scheme which sends him to millionaire Gustav Graves (Toby Stephens). Another MI6 Agent known as Miranda Frost (Rosamund Pike) is also posing as a friend of Graves. Bond is invited to a presentation held by Graves about a satellite found in space which can project a huge laser beam. Bond must stop this madman with a fellow American Agent, known as Jinx Johnson (Halle Berry). While Bond tries to stop Graves and Zao, will he finally reveal who betrayed him? simon James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is sent into North Korea to take out rogue North Korean Colonel Moon (Will Yun Lee). Bond takes the place of a man with whom the Colonel does business. Bond put everything in place, but just as Bond was about to do the job, the Colonel finds out who Bond is. He was about to kill Bond when Bond placed his plan in motion, which caused enough confusion for him to get away. He then chases the Colonel. In the end, the Colonel goes into the river and is believed to be dead. Bond is captured by the Colonel's father, General Moon (Kenneth Tsang), who then holds Bond for over a year. One day, the General takes Bond to the border where he is traded for the Colonel's right hand man. When Bond reaches M (Dame Judi Dench), he is knocked out. He then wakes up in a detention cell and M tells him, he was not rescued, he was extracted. It seems they were getting reports of confidential information coming out of the prison where Bond was being held, so they assume Bond was spilling his guts, which he denies doing. He then tells M that the Colonel somehow found out who he is from someone in the West who was giving the Colonel info, his father, the General confirmed it. Bond deduces that this person made it appear he was giving information so that they would trade him for the Colonel's man, which is what it was all about. M tells Bond he is no longer an Agent, and is on his way to their detention center. But Bond gets out and then goes to see the Chinese, who want to see the Colonel's man dead because he killed some Chinese officials for which he was captured. They then send Bond to Cuba where they say the man is now. Bond learns he is at a special clinic where some unusual treatments are going on. Bond goes to the clinic and finds him undergoing a treatment to change his appearance, but Bond interferes and tries to get him to tell him who his inside source is, but he gets away and the clinic is blown up by a woman Bond met before going to the clinic. Bond takes something off the man and learns it's diamonds, which are marked as being the property of Gustav Graves (Toby Stephens), a Norweigian who supposedly found diamonds in an ice field, but Bond says they look like African conflict diamonds, which was amongst the things the Colonel was into. So Bond decides to check out Graves. After their first meeting which was not exactly cordial, Bond gets a message to meet M and he tells her what he thinks of Graves. She allows him to pursue his suspicions. rcs0411@yahoo.com The story begins in the demilitarized zone between North and South Korea with a spectacular high-speed hovercraft chase and continues via Hong Kong to Cuba and London where James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) meets up with the two ladies who are to play such important and differing roles in his quest to unmask a traitor and to prevent a war of catastrophic consequence. Hot on the trail of the principle villains, Bond travels to Iceland where he experiences at first hand the power of an amazing new weapon before a dramatic confrontation with his main adversary back in North Korea where it all started. EON After being incarcerated and tortured while on a mission in North Korea, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is traded for a psychotic terrorist and released back to M16, only to be accused of giving information. Bond escapes and goes after Zao (Rick Yune), a deranged terrorist who knows who betrayed Bond to the North Koreans. Bond chases Zao around the globe and to a shady billionaire and a plot to change the world. But bond soon discovers that no one is who they seem to be. redcommander27 James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is assigned to a rendezvous with a North Korean Army officer, Colonel Moon (Will Yun Lee), in his investigation of a North Korean terrorist, Zao (Rick Yune), but the mission is betrayed and despite a spectacular escape attempt, Bond is captured and subjected to vicious North Korean torture, before being released in an exchange of prisoners. MI6 works him back to health, but James is relieved of all duties because he is blamed for leaking information leading to several Agents' deaths while in custody. Determined to clear his name and avenge himself on Zao, James escapes and extracts information from a known Chinese intelligence officer on Zao, leading to Cuba and a meeting with a mysterious diver known only as Jinx Johnson (Halle Berry), and eventually to a meeting with mysterious British billionaire Gustav Graves (Toby Stephens), who has perfected a spaceborne mirror designed to beam solar light and heat anywhere in the world for peaceful purposes. But James uncovers mysterious genetic conversion equipment and also finds the solar mirror is in reality a laser cannon that can destroy almost anything in its path on Earth. James now must rescue Jinx (who is conducting her own, identical, investigation of Graves) and learn the truth about Graves' laser cannon, leading to a violent showdown as the weapon is fired onto Earth and begins slicing open a gigantic line of destruction. Michael Daly Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the pre-title sequence, James Bond and his two South Korean allies infiltrate a North Korean military base belonging to Colonel Tan-Sun Moon, an army officer who is illegally selling weaponry in exchange for illegal African conflict diamonds. Bond poses as a weapons dealer named Van Bierk, rigging his briefcase of diamonds with C4. He meets Moon and his assistant, Zao. After the diamonds are handed over, Zao discovers Bond's true identity and informs Colonel Moon. Colonel Moon keeps the act up as he offers to demonstrate his new tankbuster weapon to Bond. He drops the ruse when he suddenly uses the tankbuster to destroy the helicopter Bond stole from Van Bierk. Zao informs the Colonel that his father, a General, is arriving in a few minutes for an unscheduled inspection. Fearing retribution from his father, Moon orders Bond executed, then flees in a large hovercraft. Bond detonates the C4, embedding several diamonds in Zao's face and taking out several of Moon's henchmen. Bond steals another hovercraft and chases down Colonel Moon through a nearby minefield. After a furious and violent chase, Moon's hovercraft tumbles over a waterfall. Soon after, North Korean troops arrest Bond under General Moon's orders and he is imprisoned and tortured. His head is shoved into a pool of ice water and scorpion venom is injected into his veins, with the antidote administered shortly after. Fourteen months later, Bond is released at the North/South Korean border in exchange for Zao, who had recently been captured by the British while attacking a Chinese/South Korean summit. He is sedated and taken to meet M, who informs him that his status as a 00 Agent is suspended due to her belief that he may have leaked information under duress; Bond is certain that he has been set up by a double agent within MI6. Bond tricks the medical staff into setting him free and escapes, finding himself in Hong Kong harbor. Despite his haggard appearance, Bond is checked in at a posh hotel by the manager, Chang, an old colleague and Hong Kong Intelligence agent. While beginning a tryst with a masseuse, Bond exposes Chang and his colleagues attempting to film compromising footage of them. He reminds Chang that Zao is a common enemy, and asks to help him get into North Korea so that he can avenge the Chinese agents Zao killed during his attack on the summit. Chang learns that Zao has been sighted in Cuba, and books Bond a flight there. In Havana, Bond learns from Raoul, a cigar factory owner who works as a British sleeper agent, that Zao has been traced to an island called Isla Los Organos, known for an experimental clinic which allows patients to have their appearances changed through gene therapy. On the coast, he meets a NSA agent Giacinta 'Jinx' Johnson. With her help, Bond locates Zao's room inside the clinic - where his DNA has been wiped clean, giving him an albino complexion - and briefly tortures him. Zao fights back, causing several fires, throwing the clinic into chaos. During their fight, Bond snatches Zao's pendant before Zao flees in a helicopter. Bond opens the pendant and finds a cache of diamonds, which Raoul identifies as African conflict diamonds, but which bear the crest of the company of British billionaire Gustav Graves. Bond flies to London and locates Graves at Blades, a fencing club. The two engage in a ferocious duel of swords, the intensity of which is escalated when the two men raise the stakes and injure each other, damaging part of the club in the process. Bond wins the match. Graves invites Bond to a party he is holding in Iceland for a scientific demonstration. Bond also meets Graves' fencing partner, Miranda Frost, a former Olympic athlete. In a disused London Underground station, M restores Bond's Double-0 status and offers assistance in the investigation. She informs him that Graves has strong political connections and to be cautious. Bond learns that Frost is also an MI6 agent, but she has failed to uncover Graves' connection to Zao. Bond meets with Q and receives a new watch, a glass-shattering ring and a new Aston-Martin Vanquish armed with an ejector seat, auto-targeting shotguns and adaptive camouflage that makes the car nearly invisible. Bond takes Graves up on his earlier invitation, and arrives at his ice palace in Iceland where he meets Jinx again. Later Graves begins a demonstration of his new orbital mirror satellite called "Icarus", which is able to focus solar energy on a small area and provide year-round sunshine for crop development. At midnight, Jinx infiltrates Graves' command center in the palace, but is captured by Zao. Bond meanwhile has figured out that Graves is Moon with a new identity, having undergone the same gene therapy process that Zao has. Admitting that he based his Graves persona on Bond, Moon reveals that Frost is the double agent. Bond narrowly escapes from Graves' facility in his Aston. Zao gives pursuit in his Jaguar XKR, and both cars drive first across a nearby frozen lake, battling each other with their vehicles' defense systems, then moving inside the rapidly-melting ice palace which has been targeted by Graves, using Icarus' solar-powered heat beam. Bond kills Zao by luring him under a collapsing chandelier, and then rescues Jinx from drowning. Deployed at the South Korean border, Bond and Jinx infiltrate North Korea using experimental stealth sleds and parachutes. They follow him into his airplane, which is also carrying General Moon (unaware of his son's new identity), his lieutenants, and Frost. Graves reveals the true purpose of Icarus by using its solar beam to cut a swath through the minefield in the Korean Demilitarized Zone. Once the minefield is destroyed, North Korea will have a clear path to invade South Korea, Japan, and other countries. Icarus would also destabilize the western nations by destroying any WMD fired on North Korea. Graves wears sophisticated armor with a built-in remote control, which operates the satellite. In an attempt to preserve peace, General Moon holds his son at gunpoint, but Graves disables him with the suit then shoots him. Bond advances to kill Graves, but is thwarted when one of his soldiers attacks Bond, deflecting his shot into a window, and causing the plane to depressurize. Jinx manages to stabilize the plane, but is attacked by a sword-wielding Frost, who forces her to switch the plane to auto-pilot. Whilst doing so, Jinx slyly alters the plane's heading so that it is flying directly toward the Icarus beam. During the climactic sword fight, Jinx kills Frost with a knife. In the plane's nose, Graves gains the upper hand over Bond and puts on a parachute. However, Bond pulls Graves' ripcord, causing the parachute to open prematurely so that the slipstream pulls Graves out of the plane and into one of its turbines. With the suit destroyed, Icarus instantly shuts down. Bond and Jinx escape from the plane in a helicopter it was carrying. The two of them share a romantic interlude in a remote cottage, pouring over the diamonds they retrieved from Graves' plane. 