nm0009352:

 A Me que Sabe (2016)Summaries Ana Lusa's family meet at home to celebrate her father's birthday. As the guests sit around the table, they share memories with a common denominator: the late Josefa, Ana Luisa's mother. When listening to the stories, Ana Lusa realizes the impact that the deceased mother had on her life choices and imagines what would have happened had she followed other paths, taken other options and said what remained to be said. At the same time, an astrophysical event of unknown origin causes the change of space-time, allowing some people, all over the world, to access parallel universes. Ana Luisa is one of them, and will thus have the opportunity to change the past. But for this you will have to give up all of your present. Sofia Ventura It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Golpe de Sorte (20192021)Summaries A woman wins the Euro millions and all her life changes. She used to sell fruit at the market now she is rich, With richness comes a lot of wolves and "friends". Her only whish is to get her son back which she was forced to give to some emigrants and knows nothing about him, like no one else knows she had him. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Famlia Mata (20112012)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Aqui No H Quem Viva (20062008)Summaries A sitcom that follows the lives of a group of inhabitants of a fictional building in Portugal. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 