nm0003780:

 Die Hard (1988)981) An NYPD officer tries to save his wife and several others taken hostage by German terrorists during a Christmas party at the Nakatomi Plaza in Los Angeles. NYPD cop John McClane goes on a Christmas vacation to visit his wife Holly in Los Angeles where she works for the Nakatomi Corporation. While they are at the Nakatomi headquarters for a Christmas party, a group of robbers led by Hans Gruber take control of the building and hold everyone hostage, with the exception of John, while they plan to perform a lucrative heist. Unable to escape and with no immediate police response, John is forced to take matters into his own hands. Sam New York City policeman John McClane (Bruce Willis) is visiting his estranged wife (Bonnie Bedelia) and his daughter and son Christmas Eve. He joins her at a holiday party in the headquarters of the Japanese-owned business she works for. But the festivities are interrupted by a group of terrorists who take over the exclusive high-rise, and everyone in it. Very soon McClane realizes that there's no one to save the hostages -- but him. ahmetkozan John McClain, a new York City cop flys to LA to visit his wife at a Christmas party. But when twelve terrorist attack the building at the same night, McCain is the only hope of saving everybody. With nothing but a handgun and his wits he is forced to take on Hans Gruber and his fellow terrorists. daniel lacey Tough New York cop John McClane finds himself in a tight situation when an office building in Los Angeles is taken over by terrorists. Apart from himself, everyone else in the building - including his wife - is held at gunpoint while their captors spell out their demands. The F.B.I. are called in to survey the situation, but John McClane has other plans for the terrorists... Graeme Roy <gsr@cbmamiga.demon.co.uk> New York cop John McClane flies to Los Angeles on Christmas eve to spend the holidays with his family. He arrives at the Nakatomi corp. building for his wife's office party. International terrorists take over the building and hold every one as hostage to steal $600 million of bonds from the vaults of the building. Now its up to McCLane to face the terrorists and save his wife and the other hostages. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> In the city of Los Angeles, a Christmas party is held on the 30th floor of the Nakatomi Plaza Hotel. While the party is going on, downstairs, a band of German terrorists arrive and take the entire building hostage including its employees and attempt a huge robbery. But the only one who eludes capture is New York City Cop John McClane who launches a one man war in an attempt to stop the terrorists and save all hostages including his wife Holly. Shaun Ouimette {xtreemshaun589@hotmail.com} John McClane is a cop from New York City who is on his way to Los Angeles to see his kids and his wife Holly, who moved to LA because of a job at the Nakatomi Corporation. When he arrives at Nakatomi Plaza, he meets Holly's boss Joe Takagi and her co-worker Harry Ellis. He and Holly go into a private bathroom and get into an argument. When Holly leaves to give a speech, thirteen armed terrorists lead by Hans Gruber seize control of the building and take the occupants of the 30th floor, who are the only ones left in the building, hostage. Luckily, they missed John and he has to figure out how to save the hostages before the terrorists get their way. Ridley Lavine Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. John McClane, a detective with the New York City Police Department, arrives in Los Angeles to attempt a Christmas reunion and reconciliation with his estranged wife Holly ( Bonnie Bedelia ), who is attending a party thrown by her employer, the Nakatomi Corporation, at its still-unfinished American branch office headquarters, the high-rise Nakatomi Plaza. McClane is met at the airport by Argyle, a limo driver charged with taking John to Holly's office. As he enters the lobby, he finds that the building's staff directory is an automated computer program listing Holly under her maiden name, Gennaro. When he gets off the elevator on the 30th floor, he sees a lavish holiday party is underway. John is met by Holly's boss, Joseph Takagi, a genial Japanese businessman. After McClane refreshes himself from the flight in Holly's corporate bathroom, they have an argument over the use of her maiden name but Holly is called away. As the party continues, a large moving van from "Pacific Courier" makes its way to the building. Two men, Karl ( Alexander Godunov ) and Theo ( Clarence Gilyard Jr. ), arrive in a car at the front entrance to the building. At the security desk they divert the security guards' attention away from the trucks. Karl guns down the guards while Theo commandeers the closed circuit security field and locks down all the elevators except for the service car. Terrorists led by the slick and well-mannered German anarchist Hans Gruber ( Alan Rickman ) emerge from the trucks and hold the partygoers as hostages in exchange for terrorist operatives in prison. In the confusion, McClane is able to disappear unnoticed into the building's maintenance areas but forgets to take his shoes along, leaving him barefoot. Takagi is taken from the party to the building's conference room and learns that Gruber is actually using the hostage situation as a cover to steal $640 million in bearer bonds stored in the building's vault. McClane, having made his way to the anteroom outside the conference room, is unable to stop Gruber from executing Takagi when he refuses to give him the vault's combination. McClane attempts to alert the local police by setting off a fire alarm -- his attempt fails when Hans has one of his men cancel the alarm and he is promptly discovered by Karl's brother, Tony. McClane kills Tony, taking his gun and radio, but finds the man's boots are too small. McClane places Tony's corpse in the only elevator left operational and hides on top of the car. Hans' men discover Tony in the elevator with an elf's hat on his head and a message written in Sharpie on his sweatshirt that reads "NOW I HAVE A MACHINE GUN; HO-HO-HO". While Hans angrily talks the situation over with his men, McClane writes down as many details about them as he can including some of their names and how many voices he hears. Karl is enraged and wants to leave immediately to find McClane but Hans stops him, saying that they need time for Theo to penetrate the outer locks of the vault and for the police to arrive. McClane sneaks up to the roof and uses Tony's walkie-talkie to contact the LAPD. Karl demands vengeance for his dead brother. McClane makes it to the roof and tries to call the LAPD on Tony's walkie-talkie. While McClane argues with the LAPD over his distress call -- they believe it to be a prank -- Karl and two of Hans' men attack, forcing McClane to retreat into the tower's ventilation system. When he emerges, he tries to get the attention of Sgt Al Powell ( Reginald VelJohnson ), sent by the dispatcher McClane had contacted before. When Marco and Heinrich find him in the conference room, McClane narrowly kills them both. Initially finding nothing amiss, Powell is ready to drive off but McClane, in a desperate move before his last hope for outside help leaves, gets his attention by throwing Marco's corpse out of the window and onto Powell's patrol vehicle. Another detachment of Gruber's men opens fire on Powell's car as he reverses out of the front circle and crashes, frantically calling for backup in his panicky state. While searching Heinrich's pockets and bag, McClane finds the henchman was carrying a significant quantity of C4 explosive and detonators. McClane taunts Gruber using Heinrich's walkie-talkie and tells him he killed a few of his men, giving Hans their names. Karl reports to Hans that McClane wasn't bluffing and that their adversary took Heinrich's bag, which presumably held all the detonators. With Powell now fully convinced that the emergency call was real, the situation rapidly escalates as the LAPD comes in force and surrounds the Nakatomi Building with a large SWAT force. However, Gruber is not too concerned: although the police responded somewhat sooner than he planned thanks to McClane's interference, the police are a necessary and unwitting part of Gruber's plan. As part of that plan, Gruber contacts the police with a list of difficult demands such as the release of various real terrorists he has no connection with and has only read about in the news to stall them. After he finishes with his bogus demands, Gruber gives Karl the order to hunt down McClane. Meanwhile, the SWAT team, led by Deputy Chief Dwayne Robinson ( Paul Gleason ) arrives to storm the building. However, Theo monitors their movements on the security feed and alerts Gruber. Talking furiously to Powell, McClane attempts Robinson to stop the SWAT team from walking into a trap, but Powell cannot convince Robinson or the SWAT chief. The SWAT team is repelled, the SWAT armoured vehicle is disabled by a rocket launcher, and the police are out-gunned by the firepower of the terrorists and their strategic spots in the building. To stop two of Gruber's men from continuing to fire rockets upon the disabled SWAT armored car, McClane drops C4 down the elevator shaft and blows out the entire floor where the terrorists are planted, giving the cops a chance to retreat. By this time the news media are on the scene, led by sleazy reporter Richard Thornberg ( William Atherton ), and the FBI, led by Special Agent Johnson ( Robert Davi ) and his partner, Special Agent Johnson ( Grand L. Bush ) arrive to commandeer the situation. As the remainder of Gruber's men attempt to find McClane and the detonators, one of the hostages, Harry Ellis ( Hart Bochner ), believing he can negotiate with Hans, betrays McClane's identity, claiming they're old friends. Gruber uses the radio to contact McClane, and demands that McClane return the detonators or else he would shoot one of the hostages. McClane refuses, and Gruber kills Ellis, to the horror of the police force who heard everything on radio. McClane continues to keep moving through the building to learn more about Gruber's plans. McClane and Gruber accidentally meet but Gruber gains McClane's trust by passing himself off as an escaped hostage. McClane hands Gruber his pistol and tells him to stay close while they look for a way out of the building. Gruber then contacts his henchmen while pointing the pistol at McClane. When he pulls the trigger, it clicks on an empty chamber. McClane scoffs at Gruber's attempt to kill him just as Gruber's men arrive, opening fire immediately and pinning McClane down in a room full of computer terminals. Gruber suddenly gets an idea to shoot out all the glass in the room, making it treacherous for McClane to find a way out while he's barefoot. McClane flees anyway, dropping the bag containing the detonators. Gruber happily retrieves the bag however Karl is still furious that McClane got away. A few minutes later, while hiding in a nearby men's room, McClane talks to Powell while removing a large piece of glass embedded in his foot. He wraps his foot in his tank top and tells Powell to contact Holly after the ordeal is over and let her know he loves her. Powell tells McClane to hang in and that his fellow officers even have a betting pool going on him. McClane sets out for the roof, curious as to why Gruber was snooping around there when he found him. The two overzealous FBI agents play their final card by shutting off the building's power while they plan a helicopter raid onto the roof. However, Gruber had planned for the FBI's predictability - disconnecting the power has shut down the final electromagnetic lock on the vault and given him access to the bonds. McClane, inspecting the top level, finds out Gruber has used the recovered detonators to rig the helipad on the building's roof with explosives. Gruber plans to demand helicopters to carry himself, his men and the hostages to a waiting plane at an airport. After the FBI informs Gruber that his demands have been met, Gruber's men force the hostages to the roof to be killed by the explosions, so they can escape in the confusion. McClane, after fighting off Karl and failing to warn the police of the Gruber's doublecross, is able to get the hostages back inside safely, but the FBI helicopter shoots at him, believing he's one of the terrorists. The helipad explodes, the helicopter is destroyed and both Johnsons are killed. McClane escapes again but jumping from the roof with a fire hose tied around his waist. He shoots out a window a few stories down and swings himself inside to safety. Gruber has discovered from Thornberg's investigative newscast that Holly Gennaro is McClane's wife. He holds her hostage to prevent McClane from interfering in his getaway. McClane, down to his last two bullets, is able to lull Gruber into a trap, killing the last remaining terrorist, Eddie, and wounding Gruber, who falls backwards and out of the building through a window. Gruber manages to hang onto Holly's wristwatch, his weight dragging her out the window as well. McClane is able to unstrap the watch and lets Gruber fall to his death. Meanwhile, Theo is knocked unconscious by McClane's limo driver, Argyle, while preparing their getaway vehicle, an ambulance, in the parking garage. McClane and Holly leave the building together, and meet Powell for the first time. Karl, posing as an injured survivor, bursts out behind McClane and Holly with his assault rifle, but Powell, who had previously confessed to McClane that he had not fired a gun since he accidentally shot a child years ago, draws and shoots him before he can harm McClane and Holly. Thornberg attempts to interview them as they are leaving the scene, Holly punches him in the face. McClane and Holly leave in Argyle's limo as the building is secured by the police. 
 Timecop (1994)761) Max Walker, an officer for a security agency that regulates time travel, must fend for his life against a shady politician who's intent on changing the past to control the future. When the ability to travel through time is perfected, a new type of law enforcement agency is formed. It's called Time Enforcement Commission or TEC. A cop, Max Walker, is assigned to the group. On the day he was chosen, some men attack him and kill his wife. Ten years later Max is still grieving but has become a good agent for the TEC. He tracks down a former co-worker who went into the past to make money. Max brings him back for sentencing but not after telling Max that Senator McComb, the man in charge of TEC, sent him. Max has his eye on McComb. rcs0411@yahoo.com When time travel was developed by a scientist in 1994, there was the need to create the Time Enforcement Commision (TEC) under the control of Senator Aaron McComb to protect the past from modifications. The police office Max Walker is invited to join the TEC, and when his wife Melissa is murdered by strangers, he accepts the invitation to work under the command of Eugene Matuzak. In 2004, Walker is assigned to capture his former partner Lyle Atwood that is manipulating the stock market in 1929. Atwood tells that he is working for Senator McComb, who is a powerful politician that is running for president. Atwood prefers to die and does not confess that McComb is a criminal. Now Max knows the truth but McComb is changing the past and Max does not know how stop him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil To monitor the illegal use of time travel, the government founds the Time Enforcement Commission, a high-tech police department under Senator Aaron McComb's supervision. However, ten years later, in 2004, the devoted TEC agent, Max Walker, who is still reeling from the untimely and rather mysterious loss of his wife, is summoned to unearth a conspiracy which dates back in time. Will the haunted Timecop use this advanced technology to thwart the evil plans of the megalomaniac who is behind a string of hideous time-crimes? In the end, will Max tamper with the past to right the wrongs, no matter the cost? Nick Riganas The perfection of time travel brings with it new opportunities for criminals. The government sets up a special police force (T.E.C.) to ensure the new technology isn't abused. Max Walker, one of these timecops learns of a corrupt politician's plot to become president using the device. Senator McComb discovers Walker on his trail and the real action begins--in Walker's own past! Tim Kretschmann <Tim.K@VirComm.com> In Washington DC in 1994, the Senate Oversight Committee (SOC) is being spoken to in the capitol building by George Spota, who explains that for the past 20 years, Doctor Hans Kleindast, the Nobel laureate who help the government with the space program back in the 1960s and 1970s, has been doing research, and his field of research has been time travel. The SOC believes that Hans is a quack -- until George tells the SOC that Hans actually succeeded in his research and took a trip to the past then back to the present. You can't travel into the future because the future hasn't happened yet. George makes it clear that a covert agency is needed to police time travel, so the Time Enforcement Commission (TEC) is formed. Named as the director of the TEC is Commander Eugene Matuzak, formerly of the Washington DC police department. Senator Aaron McComb, who sees possibilities, agrees to chair the oversight on the new program. Sometime later, at a shopping center, TEC agent Max Walker and his wife Melissa are being watched by a pair of shady looking men. Later, at home. Max and Melissa spend some passionate time together. That night, Melissa is about to tell Max something extremely important when the phone rings. Max answers the phone and is told to go to TEC headquarters. Max gets dressed and as soon as Max opens the front door to go outside, he is attacked by the two men from the shopping center. As the two men are beating Max up. Max sees Aaron looking out the window of the bedroom that Melissa is still in, and Aaron is holding Melissa hostage, forcing Melissa to watch Max's beating. The two men outside then shoot Max, who is wearing a bulletproof vest -- and then an explosion engulfs the house, killing Melissa. On October 30, 1929, on Wall Street in New York City, a man named Lyle Atwood enters an office building and rides an elevator up to an office. There is a sudden ripple in the office, and Max enters from the future. It turns out that Lyle is Max's partner, and Lyle is planning to stop the depression from happening. Max wants to know who Lyle is working for, and Lyie calls two security men into the office to deal with Max. Max beats up the two security men, and Lyle pulls out a gun and opens fire on Max. When Lyle runs out of bullets, Max forces Lyle to admit that he's working for Aaron, and that Aaron has paid off a lot of other TEC agents as well. Lyle then jumps out the window. Max jumps out after Lyle, grabs him, and takes Lyle with him back to present time, which is now the year 2004, ten years after Melissa's murder. TEC judge Marshall sentences Lyle to be immediately executed, so Lyle is sent back to 1929 and is dropped to his death from the point in midair where Max and Lyle disappeared to 2004. At TEC Headquarters in 2004, Aaron, Max, and Matuzak are showing Senator Malcolm Nelson around the TEC building. Aaron reminds everyone that people who go back in time risk coming into contact with a past version of themselves. The same matter cannot occupy the same space at the same time, because if that happens, and if it's a person accidentally making physical contact with their past version, that person will die, and their body will disappear from the face of the Earth. Later, Max tells Matuzak that Aaron wants to shut down the TEC so no one can stop him from altering the past to his advantage, because Aaron is now running for President of the United States. Aaron's fading campaign for president is dealt a blow when he is denied federal campaign matching funds. Just before Max wakes up, two men break into his home to kill him, but Max turns the tables and kills the two men who broke in. TEC internal affairs investigator Sarah Fielding questions Max. Max soon learns that Sarah may be on the wrong side in this. Max must travel back and forth in time to bring Aaron down...and when Max goes back to 1994 and finds out what Melissa wanted to tell him 10 years ago, it gives Max incentive to at least try to prevent Melissa's murder. Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1863, Confederate soldiers are carrying a gold bullion as a payday for the army. Suddenly, they are cornered and shot by a highwayman using anachronistic automatic pistols and futuristic tech equipment, leaving them stranded and dead. The mysterious highwayman steals the trunk containing the gold and then suddenly vaporizes into a gelatin like mist. In 1994, 131 years later in Washington DC, the U.S. government creates the Time Enforcement Commission (TEC) to combat the misuse of newly developed time travel technology. They have discovered that the same gold bullion was used in recent arms purchases. The TEC is to detect "time ripples" among the time-lines and to stop them from happening before they reach the present, since people cannot travel forward in time to the future, they always travel back to either change history or steal riches. (Note: the mysterious highwayman who killed the Confederate soldiers in 1863 to steal their gold is never seen again or identified). Senator Aaron McComb (Ron Silver) volunteers to fund and oversee the commission. Meanwhile, police officer Max Walker (Jean Claude Van Damme) is offered a job as a TEC agent. He meets his wife Melissa (Mia Sara) at a local shopping mall where he stops a purse snatcher. He notices three odd-looking punk men following them despite never seeing them before. Walker and Melissa go home to their large fancy house and later make love. Later that same evening, Max is attacked in his home by the same intruders he saw earlier at the mall and Melissa is killed in an explosion, destroying his house. Ten years later in the year 2004, Walker is now a veteran TEC Agent. He is sent back to October 1929, in the midst of the Wall Street crash to arrest his former partner Atwood (Jason Schombing) for taking advantage of the U.S. stock-market crash. After subduing Atwood's bodyguards, Walker interrogates Atwood who reveals that he is working for Senator McComb, who needs money for his presidential campaign. Terrified by McComb's threat by sending hit-men back in time to murder his ancestors, thereby wiping out his existence, Atwood tries to kill himself by jumping out a window. Walker catches him as he falls and takes him back to 2004, but Atwood refuses to testify against McComb and the TEC agency sends him back to 1929, right where he left off, this time falling to his death. Senator McComb arrives at the TEC agency to oversee the work and to congratulate Walker for his recent successful mission. Walker implies to McComb that he knows all about his dirty dealings behind the scenes in Washington and about his means to acquire money for his campaign. McComb leaves the facility and orders his aide to have Walker killed. The next morning, two assassins break into Walker's small apartment and attempt to kill him, but Walker, a trained martial arts expert, kills both assassins after a violent and protracted fight. While still trying to investigate McComb to expose him of corruption, Walker is partnered with agent Sarah Fielding (Gloria Reuben), and sent back to 1994 to investigate a pending ripple, where they find a young Senator McComb arguing with his business partner Jack Parker about their company's new computer chip. Parker offers to buy McComb's share of the company, but suddenly, the older McComb arrives from 2004 to warn his younger self that the chip will make huge profits. A fight starts when Walker is double-crossed by Fielding, who reveals she works for McComb. McComb kills Parker, wounds Fielding, attempts to kill Walker, and manages to escape back to 2004. When Walker returns to 2004, he finds that things have become worse. McComb now owns the computer company, with no record of Parker. He is almost guaranteed the Presidency with his finances and approval rating. The TEC is being shut down due to budget cuts. There is also no record of Fielding. Realizing that he has to fix things, Walker hijacks the original prototype time machine (which McComb had been using for their illegal trips) with the help of Commander Matuzak (Bruce McGill), who sacrifices himself when McComb's men try to stop Walker from escaping. Finding himself once more in 1994, Walker finds Fielding in the hospital, where she agrees to testify against McComb. Whilst trying to find Fielding's DNA from a blood sample in the lab, Walker finds a sample of Melissa's blood and it indicates she is pregnant. Walker realizes her death occurred later that night, and he decides to stop it. After going back to Fielding's room, he discovers that she has been murdered and he is framed as the prime suspect. He goes to the mall where he and Melissa met that night. Eventually, Max Walker finds her and manages to convince her he is from the future. He also sees the three thugs who attacked him and realizes that they are McComb's men whom were sent back to kill him before he joined the TEC. That evening, McComb's thugs break into Walker's home, like before, only this time the older Walker is waiting for them. Without his younger self realizing it, the older Walker helps to fight off the bad guys. Together, they and Melissa win, though the younger Walker is wounded. The 2004 McComb then takes Melissa hostage. When the older Walker finds McComb is holding Melissa, the corrupt senator then sets a time bomb. He then shoots Melissa, just before the young McComb appears, having been tricked into coming to the house by a fake message from Walker. Walker grabs the young McComb and pushes him into the older one, causing them to become a writhing, screaming mass which melts into nothingness (since according to the time theory, no two persons can exist by physically touching each other). Walker carries the wounded Melissa out of the house just before the bomb explodes, destroying the house just like before. He lays the unconscious Melissa beside his younger self and leaves the scene before the local police and fire department arrives. Walker returns to 2004, and the time-line has been corrected. The TEC still exists, Fielding and Matuzak are alive, and McComb does not exist, having "vanished" ten years earlier. As Walker returns home, he is happily shocked to find himself living in the same house which was rebuilt. Melissa is alive and their nine-year-old son is waiting to greet him. As Walker walks into the house for dinner Melissa has something to announce to Walker... implying that she is pregnant again. 
 A Man Apart (2003)Summaries A man known as Diablo emerges to head a drug cartel after the previous leader is imprisoned. Sean Vetter and Demetrius Hicks are members of the DEA who are fighting an ongoing drug war on the California/Mexico border, they are most successful at it because of their edge of growing up on the street and being thugs converted to cops. The DEA busts one of the major players by the name of "Memo" Lucero and imprison him in the United States but then a major player named Diablo then takes over the business and now he is now the major player targeted by Vetter and his team. But when Vetter's wife is killed in a botched hit organized by Diablo, he seeks revenge against those responsible and in the process has to seek help from the imprisoned Lucero in order to catch Diablo. But in the process, Vetter and Hicks have to fight their way up the chain to get to Diablo but it's easier said than done when all Vetter can focus on is revenge... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Road House (1989)651) A tough bouncer is hired to tame a dirty bar. Serene and laconic, yet powerful and lethal, Dalton is an expert in martial arts and the best professional bouncer in the business. With such a reputation, Dalton is summoned in a small town in Missouri to clean up the sleazy bar called The Double Deuce from the troublemakers who terrorize the customers, without knowing, however, that the villainous local entrepreneur, Brad Wesley, wants things to remain unchanged. As Dalton cleans up the nightclub, and with it, the town from Wesley's hired goons, a deep wound from a knife will inspire a passionate affair with local Dr. Elizabeth "Doc" Clay. Now, the corrupt Wesley has enough reasons to take Dalton out of the way, nevertheless, the bouncer has the final say. Nick Riganas Dalton is the cooler in bars. He backs up and directs the bouncers. He takes a job in a road house that has gotten far too rough. His attempts to clean things up put him in conflict with Brad Wesley, the town bully and rich person. Things heat up. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Dalton is an expert "cooler," a bar-room bouncer who can break up fights without getting himself killed in the process. Frank Tilghman, the owner of the Double Deuce in Jasper, Missouri, has hired Dalton away from a bar in New York City, because Tilghman needs someone who can handle the nightly outbreaks of violence at the Double Deuce, and teach the rest of the Double Deuce's bouncers how to handle it. There's even a cage protecting the bar's band from the customers. The band is led by Dalton's old friend Cody, who is blind. Dalton is injured on his first night on the job and is treated by Elizabeth "Doc" Clay, the local doctor. Dalton and Doc soon fall in love with each other, and this angers Brad Wesley, a crime boss, with whom Doc was once involved, and may still be involved. Wesley is also responsible for a lot of the violence at the Double Deuce, and for some time, Wesley has had the Sheriff in his pocket, giving him complete control of the town of Jasper. Wesley is out to get rid of Dalton, who has already made some friends in Jasper. Dalton has rented a room from a man named Emmet, and has befriended local auto-parts store owner Red Webster, and has also befriended Pete Stroudenmire, the owner of Stroudenmire Ford, a local car dealership. Wesley wants money from these people and is responsible for much mayhem. Daniel Poniatowski When it becomes too violent at the Double Deuce road house, the club owner hires Dalton, a professional "cooler" (head bouncer) to clean it up. But Dalton's early successes and budding romance with the local doctor enrages Wesley, the town crime boss. When Dalton continues to defy him, the stage is set for a dramatic confrontation that will test Dalton's limits and decide the fate of the town. R. Huston Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens at a bar called Bandstand in an unidentified town. A limo pulls up and a tall gentleman steps out and is allowed to enter the place after showing the bouncer at the door his business card. Inside, he finds the bar is very lively - lots of customers drinking and dancing, a band playing loud, bluesy rock and lots of cash being taken in by the bartenders. Nearby is a man named Dalton, the head bouncer or "cooler," who carefully watches over the crowd and the bouncers. When a small fight breaks out involving three of the bouncers, he approaches the customer who started the brawl and tells him and his friend they should leave. The customer apologizes, saying they'll behave. Dalton turns around and the customer grabs a nearby knife and slashes Dalton on his upper arm. Dalton seems unfazed, especially when the customer says he wants to fight him. Dalton tells him "Outside." When they're outside, Dalton smiles and leaves them there with five of the biggest bouncers guarding the door. Back inside the club, the tall businessman introduces himself to Dalton, who is stitching up the wound he'd just received. The man's name is Tilghman and he wants to hire Dalton to help him clean up a bar he'd just bought outside of Kansas City. Just after Tilghman bought the place, it attracted a violent crowd. Dalton tells him he'll work for him for $5000 up front, $500 a night and that when the bar is cleaned up, he can leave. Tilghman gladly accepts the offer and hands Dalton a plane ticket. Dalton turns it down, saying he thinks flying's too dangerous. Dalton goes to a local parking garage driving an old clunky 1964 Buick Riviera and tosses the keys to the attendant, telling the old man to keep the car if he wants it. In the garage, he takes the cover off his real car, a 1986 Mercedes 560, and drives out of town. Dalton arrives in Jasper, Missouri and goes directly to Tilghman's club, the Double Deuce. Before he enters the place, a large bouncer with a mean attitude, Morgan, violently tosses out a troublemaker. Inside, Dalton stands by the bar, waiting for Tilghman to arrive. One of the waitresses, Carrie, asks Dalton who he is and recognizes his name. Already something of a legend in the bouncing business, several of the other bouncers react with excitement at his presence. One of the bouncers says it's rumored that Dalton killed a man by tearing out his throat with his bare hand. Dalton remains passive, watching the club and seeing that several of the staff are unsuited to the job, are dealing drugs or are too busy fraternizing with female customers to care about breaking up the brawls that occur. Near the end of the night, a violent brawl becomes widespread among the customers and bouncers. Several pieces of furniture are destroyed, one of the bouncers, Steve, has a nasty shiner on his face. Morgan has beaten up several patrons, seemingly enjoying it. Dalton also catches up with the band's leader, the blind guitarist Cody, who plays behind a chicken-wire cage to avoid being hit by bottles thrown by customers. Dalton and Cody's band are plainly old acquaintances. Dalton goes to a used-car lot and buys another old clunker, a 1965 Buick Riviera. He also stops at a junkyard and buys several mounted tires, throwing them in the trunk. At a nearby farm, owned by an old man named Emmet, he rents a loft apartment. While he talks to Emmet about the rent, a helicopter flies across the small lake next to Emmet's property and swings low over his horse corral, startling the horses. Emmet grouses that the owner of the chopper, Brad Wesley, seems to fly low over his property just to agitate the horses and annoy him. Dalton and Tilghman hold an employee's meeting before the club opens that night. Tilghman announces that he's going to renovate the bar and that Dalton is now in charge of the management of the floor. Dalton immediately fires Morgan, telling him he doesn't have the right temperament for the job. Morgan threatens him and walks out furious. Dalton also fires the woman who was dealing drugs. He then lays out the rules; everyone will be on their guard at all times and not underestimate any customer's ability to cause trouble; they'll take any fights outside so that brawls don't further damage the place; and they'll "be nice" until Dalton determines they'll have to get more physical with any customers. He also tells them not to be angered by customers who insult them, saying "it's just a job, nothing personal." In the bar that night, a few brawls break out but Dalton and his guys are able to handle them as a team. Dalton catches Steven in a storeroom having sex with a female customer and fires him on the spot. He watches one of the bartenders, Pat, as he skims from the register and helps himself to free beers. Plainly reluctant at first, Tilghman fires Pat, which seems to carry more weight than simply getting rid of someone who was cheating him. Tilghman also remarks that it was a good night because nobody was seriously injured or killed. When Dalton leaves that night, he finds that the windshield of his Riviera has been smashed, all four tires have been flattened and the antenna has been broken. He scoffs as if he's seen it all before. While driving to town the next morning, he nearly collides with Brad Wesley, who is swerving dangerously along the road in his Mustang. At the local auto-parts store, Dalton befriends the owner, a man named Red. He sells Dalton a new antenna and says he'll order him a new windshield. Just then, Wesley walks in with a sinister-looking man named Jimmy, who glares at Dalton as he walks out. After Dalton walks out, Wesley seemingly greets Red with a friendly tone but Red knows the reason Wesley's there is to extort money from him. That night at the Double Deuce, Dalton is called up to Tilghman's office. The bartender that was fired, Pat, is there along with a man named O'Connor, who tells Dalton that Tilghman's had a "change of heart" about firing Pat. When Dalton asks for an explanation, O'Connor tells him that Tilghman buys his liquor and beer from Wesley and that Pat is Wesley's nephew. Pat pulls a large Bowie knife on Dalton, who easily dodges it and disarms him. One of Wesley's other thugs, a fat man named Tinker, slashes Dalton under his arm. Dalton easily beats all of them showing high skill in martial arts and crashes through the office window with O'Connor. He has his guys thrown them all out while he goes to the emergency room. At the ER, Dalton meets a beautiful young doctor, Elizabeth Clay, who staples up his wound, even after Dalton refuses to let her inject him with an anesthetic. He invites her to the Double Deuce. The next day, at Wesley's house, Tinker and O'Connor apologize to their boss. Wesley says he believes Tinker but makes O'Connor apologize repeatedly until Wesley beats him senseless. O'Connor and Tinker show up at Emmet's farm looking for Dalton. They tell him that Wesley wants to meet with him. They take him to Wesley's home where Wesley tells Dalton that he's been the driving force in bringing most of the big-name businesses to Jasper. He even offers Dalton a job at a new club he's planning to open. Dalton refuses and leaves. He later calls an old friend of his, Wade Garrett, another cooler, and asks if he knows anything about Wesley. Garrett doesn't and tells Dalton to watch out for himself. A few nights later, the bar has undergone the renovations Tilghman planned and the crowds have swelled. However, the place seems to be running out of alcohol rapidly. Tilghman says he's called every distributor he knows but none of them will do business with him. Dalton immediately realizes Wesley has interfered. Dalton places a call to a friend of his. One of the bouncers informs Dalton that a small group of Wesley's goons are at the door. When Dalton looks them over, he notices one has a small blade attached to the toe of his boot. Dalton refuses to allow them in and they quickly become violent but are easily taken down and thrown out. Doc Clay shows up and Dalton takes her out after his shift. She asks him if he enjoys his work and he reluctantly says he does, but it's just a job to him. She tells him with all the injuries he's suffered, he might not live to an old age and needs to slow down. He takes in her advice with mild interest. At the Deuce the next day, Dalton talks to Cody who tells him that Elizabeth Clay is Red's daughter and a one-time love interest of Wesley. When she left him, Wesley became intensely jealous. Cody warns his friend to tread carefully. Just then, a bouncer lets Dalton know a delivery has arrived. Out on the loading dock, Dalton supervises the inventory. Morgan, O'Connor, Tinker and another of Wesley's goons show up, ordering the delivery guy to take back his load. They begin smashing bottles and try to fight Dalton, who takes several of them down before he's hit over the head with a bottle. Wade Garrett arrives and goes out to the dock where he finds Dalton being held down while the goons take pot shots at him. Wade quickly joins the fight and they're both able to rout Wesley's men. Dalton takes Wesley to meet Elizabeth that night and she and Wade become instant friends. Wade suggests that Dalton may have found the woman that can change him. Dalton shrugs it off, thinking he leads too violent a life to settle down and that he hasn't had the best of luck with women. Wade tells him that the incident where he killed a man wasn't his fault since the woman Dalton was with didn't tell him she was married. Her husband pulled a gun and Dalton killed him, acting in self-defense. Garrett hangs out with Dalton at the bar the next night. Someone rushes in with the news that Red's store is on fire. Dalton runs out just in time to see the place explode, likely from a firebomb. Back at the bar, Wesley has sneaked in. He tells everyone that it's a shame that Red's place burned down. In an effort to antagonize Dalton and his crew, he orders his blonde bombshell girlfriend, Denise, to do a striptease. When she ignores the efforts of the bouncers to stop her, Dalton steps in and leads her back to Wesley. Wesley then sets up a fight between Jimmy and the bouncers. Jimmy beats them all down wielding a pool cue and making use of his own martial arts skill. He challenges Wade directly and the two fight furiously to a draw until Dalton steps in. He and Dalton briefly exchange blows until Wesley fires a shot from a pistol. He tells Dalton that things aren't working out and announces he'll leave. Some of the more prominent business owners, including Tilghman & Red, meet together to discuss how much more demanding, unstable and violent Wesley is becoming. Red is planning to leave town. After Wesley somehow gets word of the meeting, he has one of his men drive a monster truck through the car dealership of Stroudenmire, one of Jasper's businessmen. Wesley proclaims that Jasper is his town. When Elizabeth confronts him, Wesley reveals the real reason for his antagonism: Dalton. He says that Dalton either has to leave or he'll wind up dead. Elizabeth goes to Dalton's place that night and asks him to leave. Dalton refuses, saying he's dealt with men like Wesley before and that they won't stop until they're taken down. Elizabeth tries to tell him that the town is not his responsibility to save and that he might be too violent for it. Just then, Emmet's house erupts in flame. Dalton rushes in and carries Emmet out, who's uninjured. The house explodes again and Dalton hears Jimmy riding away on a motorcycle. He chases him and is able to knock Jimmy off. The two square off, trading martial arts blows. Dalton eventually wins the upper hand and Jimmy pulls a gun on him. Dalton knocks it from Jimmy's hand and sinks his fingers into Jimmy's throat, killing him. He takes Jimmy's body and sends it floating across the lake to Wesley's house. After he arrives at the Deuce the next day, Dalton gets a call from Wesley. Wesley tells him he's flipping a coin to see whether Wade or Elizabeth dies and doesn't tell Dalton the outcome. Soon after, Wade staggers into Deuce, having been beaten very badly. Dalton rushes over to the hospital to talk to Elizabeth, telling her she's leaving with him. She refuses, telling him to leave her alone. Back at the Deuce, Dalton sees Wade seemingly sleeping on the bar. When he turns him over, he sees that Wade's been stabbed with a combat knife. The devastated Dalton takes the knife and drives out to Wesley's place. Wesley's goons wait on his front lawn, armed with shotguns. They see Dalton's Mercedes speeding toward them and open fire. The car doesn't slow down and flips over the rock wall. As it does, one of the guys shoots the gas tank and the car catches fire, landing on its tires and rolling a few more yards. When they open the car, one of them finds that the accelerator pedal has been fastened down with his combat knife. He takes it and orders everyone to find Dalton, who's likely in the house somewhere. As the guy with the knife rounds a corner, he finds Morgan lying dead. Inside the house, Dalton stalks Wesley's guys, killing them one at a time. He also pushes over a large stuffed polar bear on Tinker. When Wesley enters the room and sees his henchmen dead, he taunts Dalton, saying that Wade was a "mercy killing". Dalton fights with Wesley, who tries to kill him with hunting spears. Wesley eventually pulls out a pistol. Dalton disarms him and tenses himself to tear out Wesley's throat, but Elizabeth walks in and stops him. When Wesley grabs his pistol again, he's suddenly hit by several shotgun blasts. Red, Stroudenmire and Tilghman have shown up, wielding their own weapons. Tilghman coldly tells Wesley the town is theirs, and fires the last shot. By the time the police have shown up, Red has hidden everyone's shotguns and they all feign innocence. The story closes with Cody's band playing at the successful Double Deuce and Dalton and Elizabeth enjoying a romantic swim together. 