nm0003991:

 Civil Wars (19911993)Summaries Eli Levinson (Alan Rosenberg) and Sydney Guilford (Mariel Hemingway) are top divorce attorneys in New York City. The dynamic changes when Charlie Howell (Peter Onorati) is hired and Eli takes a lower profile. Sydney and Charlie develop a flirtatious arrangement while concentrating on their client's problems. rharlan58 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Earth 2 (19941995)Summaries Colonists, crash-landed on an alien planet, begin the long trek to their originally designated landing place, facing alien and human threats. In the future, the human race is living in space stations orbiting a dead Earth. Faced with a debilitating disease attacking her young son, Devon Adair (Debrah Farentino) and a band of non-conformists leave their artificial environment and travel to a distant planet, where they begin a new life for themselves. Tony Lammens <lammens@connexus.apana.org.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Star Maps (1997)Summaries Only in America. Only in Hollywood. Only in Beverly Hills could a young man with a dream make his way to the stars. Carlos is a precocious 18 year-old who returns to America from Mexico with dreams of becoming a movie star. After five years of living in Mexico, Carlos, an 18-year-old youth returns to Los Angeles. He wants to be an actor. But his father, Pepe, a pimp wants him to work in the family business, that is, male prostitution. Carlos decides that he will be one of his father's boys until he can get his foot in the door in Hollywood. Finally one of his clients, Jennifer a rich soap star, offers him a bit part in her show. Pepe tells Carlos that she is just using him and demands that he most not see the woman any longer. Carlos defies his father and when his big day comes he finds out the harsh realities of life are even harsher than he imagined. Wiki It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chuck & Buck (2000)44) An oddly naive man-child stalks his childhood best friend and tries to reconnect with their past. Buck is a man-child who has lived his existence in a life of Romper Room, kindergarten collages, and lollipops. When his mother dies suddenly, Buck remembers his old childhood friend Chuck, with whom he feels a need to reconnect after having invited him to his mother's funeral. Buck treks out to Los Angeles where Chuck, an up-and-coming music record executive, is living his life. Buck ends up developing an obsession with Chuck and begins stalking him. monkeykingma Chuck and Buck were best friends when they were young. Chuck grew up, and Buck didn't. When his mother dies, Buck invites Chuck (who mostly goes by Charlie now) to the funeral. He wants to be Chuck's best friend again, but Charlie is busy working and preparing for his wedding. Buck moves to Los Angeles and tries to revive the old friendship. He also writes a play, and hires Beverly to direct it. Charlie and his fiance Carlyn stop returning Buck's calls, but he persists. Steve Schonberger Chuck and Buck were best friends growing up until Chuck moved away when he was 11. Sixteen years later, Chuck (now Charlie) is a successful music executive, but Buck is still has the emotional maturity of an 11-year-old. When Buck's mother dies, he looks up Charlie, whom he hasn't seen since they were kids, and initiates a relationship. Charlie is embarrassed by Buck's emotional immaturity and tries to cut off all contact. Shattered by this rejection, Buck stalks Charlie and his fiance Charlyn until Charlie is forced to re-examine their childhood relationship. maggi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 