nm0002357:

 The Mask of Zorro (1998)761) A young thief seeking revenge for his brother's death is trained by the once-great, aging Zorro, who is pursuing his own vengeance. In 1821 Old California, mysterious black-caped masked avenger of the oppressed, Don Diego de la Vega--Zorro--lands in jail after once again humiliating the evil Spanish governor Don Rafael Montero. With his only daughter raised by Don Rafael as his own, the grizzled swordsman makes a daring escape nearly two decades later, and takes under his wing the unrefined outlaw Alejandro Murietta to teach him the ropes and hopefully become the next Zorro. Now, the stage is set for a ferocious final confrontation, as the new young rapier-wielder prepares to thwart the despicable governor's sinister plans. Can Alejandro live up to legendary Zorro's name? Nick Riganas The original Zorro, Don Diego de la Vega (Sir Anthony Hopkins), is captured and imprisoned just as Spain concedes California to Santa Anna. 20 years later, his mortal enemy, Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson), returns to California with a plan to become wealthy at the expense of the peasants. The original Zorro escapes from prison and trains a new Zorro to take his place. Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Don Diego de la Vega/Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) returns from exile to avenge the death of his wife, who was killed by his enemy, Don Rafael Montero (Stuart Wilson). Montero took de la Vega's daughter Elena (Catherine Zeta-Jones) and raised her as Elena Montero. The older Zorro takes it upon himself to train his successor, Alejandro Murrieta (Antonio Banderas), who had once helped Zorro escape. Alejandro is cocky and comical, but shows some talent with sword play. Kathy Clark <kemoore@cyberramp.net> Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) saves three men from the fleeing Spanish Governor (Stuart Wilson), but is followed to his home where his wife is killed and his infant daughter taken and is imprisoned. 20 years later, he escapes and finds his daughter (Catherine Zeta-Jones) has been raised as the Governor's child. Vowing revenge, he takes a young thief (Antonio Banderas), who is also seeking revenge as his apprentice, who will become the new wearer of the Mask of Zorro. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> In early-19th-century California, masked swordsman hero Zorro (Sir Anthony Hopkins) was a champion of the people against the tyranny of Spanish rule, represented by the ruthless Governor Montero (Stuart Wilson). Unfortunately, on the eve of his greatest triumph, the liberation of California, Montero learns of Zorro's secret identity as Don Diego de la Vega and attacks the rebel in his house, leaving him imprisoned, his wife dead and his daughter abducted to be claimed as the child of Montero. 20 years later, Montero returns to California intent on a foul plan to bring it under his total control. Upon learning of his return, Don Diego escapes from his long imprisonment and prepares for his revenge. Part of it involves the training of an orphan (Antonio Banderas), who helped him as a boy to become his successor. Together, the two must prepare to do battle with Montero and his American henchman to save California and reunite with Diego's lost daughter (Catherine Zeta-Jones). So once again, the enemies of freedom and justice in California must fear of the man who leaves the mark of the Z. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1821, the Mexican Army is on the verge of liberating its country from Spanish colonial rule. In the area of Las Californias the ruthless Spanish Governor, Don Rafael Montero, is about to be overthrown. In a last ditch effort to trap his nemesis, the masked swordsman Zorro (Anthony Hopkins), Montero prepares to execute three innocent townspeople. With assistance from two orphan brothers, Joaquin and Alejandro Murrieta, Zorro releases the prisoners. Zorro rewards the Murrieta brothers with a special medallion he wears, and escapes on his horse, Toronado, after cutting a "Z" into Montero's neck as a parting gift and warning. The same night, however, Montero confronts Zorro at his home, having deduced that Zorro is really Don Diego de la Vega, a Spanish nobleman married to Esperanza, the woman Montero had always loved. Attempting to arrest Diego, a fight ensues, during which Esperanza is killed while trying to protect Diego. Diego's house is burned and his infant daughter, Elena, is taken to Spain by Montero to be raised as his own while Diego is taken to prison. Twenty years later, Montero secretly returns to California, looking for Diego in the old prison. Although de La Vega is there, Montero does not recognize him, while several prisoners claim to be Zorro. Diego later escapes, intent on killing Montero the following day at a public ceremony for Montero's return. However, Diego restrains himself when he sees Elna (Catherine Zeta-Jones), now a beautiful young lady. Elena is presented with a bouquet of flowers - Romagnas, native to California - the scent of which she recognizes, although she incorrectly believes she has never been to California before. Diego soon meets an adult Alejandro Murrieta (Antonio Banderas), whom he recognizes by the medal he awarded Joaquin. Now a drunken, clumsy bandit, Alejandro is bitter over the recent capture of his mentor, bandit Three-Fingered Jack (L. Q. Jones), and the murder of Joaquin by the sadistic Texian Army Captain Harrison Love, Montero's commander-in-chief. Diego recruits and trains Alejandro to become his successor. After some training, Alejandro dons a makeshift costume and clumsily steals a black stallion resembling Toronado, Diego's former steed. En route, Alejandro encounters Elna. Escaping from Captain Love, Alejandro seeks refuge in a nearby church, with the assistance of the town priest and Zorro's old friend, Father Felipe. Alejandro hides in the confessional, where Elna unwittingly reveals her infatuation with the mysterious "bandit" she had just met. Upon his return, Diego scolds Alejandro, claiming that Zorro was a servant of the people, not a thief and adventurer. Diego rebuffs a challenge by Alejandro, instructing him that to gain Montero's trust, Alejandro must convince Montero that he is "a gentleman of stature." Posing as visiting nobleman Don Alejandro del Castillo y Garca, with Diego as his servant, Alejandro attends a party at Montero's hacienda, where he quickly gains Elna's admiration and enough of Montero's trust for the latter to invite him to a secret meeting. There, Montero hints at a plan to retake all of California for the Dons by buying it from their hero, General Santa Anna, who is desperately in need of money to fund his ongoing war with the United States. The next day, Alejandro and the Dons are taken by Montero to a secret gold mine known as "El Dorado", where peasants and petty criminals are used as slave labor. Montero reveals that he plans to buy California from Santa Anna using gold mined from his own land. Three-Fingered Jack, now a slave, attacks the noblemen and is killed by Captain Love. Meanwhile, Diego uses this opportunity to become closer to Elna, though he identifies himself as "Bernardo" the servant (a homage to the name of Zorro's mute sidekick from the original story), learning that Montero told Elena that her mother died in childbirth. Later, while walking in a local market, Elna meets the woman who had been her nanny and used to hang romagnas on her crib. Diego later sends Alejandro, dressed as Zorro, to steal the map leading to the gold mine from Montero's hacienda. In the process, Zorro duels and fights off Montero, Captain Love, and their guards. As he escapes to the stable, he is confronted by Elna, who attempts to retrieve the map belonging to her "father." While Elena shows considerable skill with a sword, Zorro nonetheless manages to defeat her, then playfully cuts off her bodice, leaving her in nothing but her underwear and her long tresses. After a passionate kiss, Zorro flees the stable and shakes off his pursuers. Meanwhile, terrified of Santa Anna's retribution if he discovers that he is being paid with his own gold, Montero and Captain Love decide to destroy the mine with explosives and kill the workers, thereby leaving no evidence. Alejandro uses the stolen map to locate the mine in order to release the workers. Diego tells Alejandro to release them on his own, so that he can confront Montero and reclaim Elena as his daughter. Alejandro sets off to the mine, feeling betrayed by Diego's personal vendetta. Later that night, Diego corners Montero at the hacienda and reveals his true identity. After being summoned by her presumed "father," Montero captures Diego after threatening to kill him in front of Elena. As he is escorted away by guards, Diego tells Elena the name of the flowers she recognized upon her arrival to California, convincing her that Diego is her true father. She later releases Diego from his cell, and they proceed to the mine. There, Zorro prevents Captain Love from loading gold onto a wagon to be taken from the mine, and engages him in a duel. Diego prevents Montero from shooting Zorro, and they also duel. After disarming Montero, Elna appeals for him to spare Montero's life. Montero capitalizes by threatening Elna, and then wounding Diego. Zorro ultimately defeats and mortally wounds Love in a protracted swordfight taking them through various points around the mine. Though mortally wounded, Diego also defeats Montero, by having a gold-laden wagon drag Montero off a cliff and crushing Love in the process. Elna and Alejandro, now without his mask, free the captive workers before the explosives set by Love go off. Before dying in their arms, Diego makes peace with Alejandro, fully passes the mantle of Zorro to him, and gives his blessings for Alejandro's and Elena's prospective marriage. In the film's epilogue, Alejandro and Elna are married and have a son named Joaquin, in honor of Alejandro's brother. As Elena puts Joaguin to sleep, Alejandro exits the room and as Zorro, draws his sword and makes his trademark 'Z' as the credits roll. 
 The Amazing Spider-Man 2 (2014)431) When New York is put under siege by Oscorp, it is up to Spider-Man to save the city he swore to protect as well as his loved ones. We've always known that Spider-Man's most important conflict has been within himself: the struggle between the ordinary obligations of Peter Parker and the extraordinary responsibilities of Spider-Man. But in The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Peter Parker finds that his greatest battle is about to begin. It's great to be Spider-Man. For Peter Parker, there's no feeling quite like swinging between skyscrapers, embracing being the hero, and spending time with Gwen. But being Spider-Man comes at a price: only Spider-Man can protect his fellow New Yorkers from the formidable villains that threaten the city. With the emergence of Electro, Peter must confront a foe far more powerful than he. And as his old friend, Harry Osborn, returns, Peter comes to realize that all of his enemies have one thing in common: Oscorp. Sony Pictures Entertainment Fighting crime and protecting New York City is a dangerous, full-time job, and Peter Parker, two years after his battle with the mega-criminal, Lizard, in The Amazing Spider-Man (2012) , finds himself bound by his promise to Stacy's late father. Struggling to stand by his word, in the meantime, as Peter's old friend, Harry Osborne, inherits Oscorp Industries and a deadly retrovirus from his father, Norman, a tragic accident gives birth to a new super-villain: Electro, the human power plant. Now, with the emergence of the unstoppable Green Goblin, the stage seems set for the ultimate confrontation; a fight that could forever alter the course of Peter Parker's life. Can Spider-Man avert the rise of Electro, and get the girl? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a close-up on fingers furiously typing on a keyboard. Files are being deleted from a system. Spiders kept in tubes as research test subjects are killed en masse with poison gas. A bespectacled figure checks vials, some of which feature the skull and crossbones. A shot reveals it's Peter Parker's father, Richard Parker (Campbell Scott). Suddenly, his computer access is cut off and he can't complete his mission to destroy the project files. Richard dashes from the Oscorp building on his way home to Peter and his wife, Mary (Embeth Davidtz) . Richard is recording a message with a webcam. "People will say I'm a monster for what I've done". He hears Peter call for him and cuts his message short. Rushing up from the basement, he sees that the house has been ransacked. Someone is looking for the files he took. A car pulls up as Mary says goodbye to Peter. Richard grabs her away. Peter is clearly distraught. He touches Richard's hand for one last time and stares at them from the front door. Richard and Mary are on a private jet. Mary mentions that she has found somewhere safe for them to stay as Richard uploads project files from his laptop. He tries to reassure her, explaining that their life has been changed forever. Richard doesn't want to put Peter through that. Mary pops into the bathroom just as one of the flight crew steps out of the cockpit. Richard notes the man has gone to a sink and appears to be washing blood off his hands. He is VERY suspicious and wary of the guy's behavior. Suddenly, the crew guy pulls a gun and threatens Richard. He locks Mary in the bathroom and prepares to shoot Richard. As Richard uploads the file, Mary realizes something is wrongs and bursts out. A struggle ensues and Mary is shot! Richard desperately overcomes the thug. Mary reminds Richard to finish the upload just as the thug roars back to life! They scrap back and forth as we see the pilot (Timothy Adams) is dead and the plane falls into a steep dive. Thug shuts down the laptop again as Richard realizes his fate is sealed. Mary is dead; there's no getting out of the situation. However, the file upload to Roosevelt has to be completed. Richard shoots out a window and holds onto the laptop with the strongest Cat-5 cable in existence. The hitman flies out the window to his death and Richard confirms that the file is transferred. The plane plummets to its doom and cut to black. Present Day Music rings in as the camera follows Spider-Man falling to earth. A stunning sequence follows Spider-Man playing webbing his way through the city. He overhears a helicopter radio announcing a plutonium shipment under siege at Oscorp. Spidey swings into action to help. A big tow truck is being driven by a bald guy with a Russian accent, Aleksei Sytsevich (Paul Giamatti). He's bashing lots of Manhattan vehicles as he tows/steals the Oscorp truck. Armed assistants set explosives to blow the hatch as the Russian rolls over police cars. Spidey swings impressively through buildings in hot pursuit. The goons (Dusan Hyska & Andrei Runtso) blow the hatch and hop into the van. There's a container of yellowish vials that are their target. Spidey hops onto the tow truck and engages in some Spidey banter with Sytsevich (who clearly has no idea who he is). As the goons prepare to hijack the plutonium, we cut to a Oscorp employee the socially inept geek Max Dillion (Jamie Foxx) stumbling through a crowd with an armful of blueprints. Naturally, the prints get knocked from his hands and roll into the street JUST as Spidey and Sytsevich barrel around the corner. Spidey leaps to the rescue and prevents Max from being squashed by a cab. Spidey hands him the plans and notes that he works at Oscorp before leaping away. Sytsevich, clearly ignorant of the dangers of radioactive material, slams into a bunch of cars, tossing the goons and the P-238 around in the van. Dozens of cop cars crash into the truck pinning it in. The goons burst from the van firing at the cops with automatic weapons. Strands of web shoot from above, yanking the goons and suspending them over the cops. Sytsevich takes his chance to escape. The P-238 is bouncing all over the place as Spidey tries to avert disaster, catching, juggling and swinging like a chandelier. As he bounds out to recover one last vial, his phone rings. Gwen Stacy (Emma Stone) is at their high school graduation waiting for him. He's really late. As he playfully banters with Gwen he imagines that he sees her disapproving father riding by in an NYPD patrol car. He remembers his broken promise to leave Gwen alone (from the first Amazing Spider Man film). Gwen is called up to deliver her valedictory speech. Peter isn't there. Cut back to the truck chase. The next sequence bounces back and forth between the speech and Spidey trying to stop the truck. Parker's Spider sense triggers into a slow motion shot as he leaps over a bus to protect some pedestrians. FINALLY, Spidey subdues Sytsevich, grabs the P-238, makes it to graduation and kisses Gwen on stage! (Note: Spider Man and comic book creator Stan Lee has a cameo as an elderly man at the graduation who sees Peter change out of his Spider Man costume). Aunt May (Sally Field) takes pictures of the new graduate before sending him off with Gwen. They make a date where Peter will join Gwen and her family for Dim Sum at 8:00 pm. Peter catches a glimpse of Captain Stacey standing with his family and hears his voice in his head. That evening, Peter shows up to the date, but won't come into the Chinese restaurant that Gwen and her family are at. Gwen meets him at the door and they talk again about her dad and the promise Peter made. Peter is torn, but Gwen really isn't having it. Peter loves her, but he couldn't handle losing her because of his actions. Gwen decides to break it off. She's done. The next morning, Peter is on another visually stunning city patrol. Falling and swinging as the wind ripples his Spidey suit. As a radio call-in show plays in the background, Spidey rescues a grade school kid and his science project. He encourages the kid, much like he did with Max at the beginning of the movie. During an extended montage, a talk radio debates rages while he saves a girl, changes clothes, saves a bodega and mingles with costumed New Yorkers. Of course, he still keeps an eye on Gwen every now and then. After a cute scene with Aunt May, we cut to Max Dillon, who has really flipped out after his chance meeting with Spider-Man. He seems to have created an alternate Spidey persona with whom he engages in a meticulously crafted fantasy. Oscorp is developing a new power grid system and Max is part of the team. Max's delusion may have spilled over into his work life too. He shares an elevator with Gwen with whom he shares his Spider-Man story. Unbeknownst to him, Gwen appreciates his fascination. Meanwhile, Harry Osborn arrives home to visit his ailing father. Norman looks awful; his skin is discolored and his hands are claw like. He's bedridden and looks like he's at the end of his rope. Norman derides Harry for not achieving more. They have a fractured relationship. It is as bitter as Norman's illness. He says the disease is genetic and implies that Harry will succumb to the same fate. He asks to see Harry's hand and notices that it is shaking; a symptom of the illness. He hands Harry a drive with his research. Minutes later, a newscast announces Norman Osborn's death. Gwen receives a quick message about good news regarding her scholarship; meanwhile, most of Oscorp is being allowed to leave early to attend a memorial for Norman, but Max is told by his supervisor (B.J. Novak) to stay behind and check out a problem with the bio-electric power grid. The room is a mess of electric eel tanks and strange equipment. Max calls a colleague to deactivate the system for safety purposes, but the colleague refuses, saying he's on his way out the door. Max nevertheless tries to repair the system, but ends up electrocuting himself and falling into the tank of eels. His transformation has begun. Meanwhile in a boardroom, Harry is being informed of various Oscorp troubles. He twirls the drive while responding to the information. He couldn't care less about it all, and sees that the Board doesn't respect him. Consequently, he lashes out with his disdain for them, elevating his father's assistant, Felicia Hardy (Felicity Jones), as his second-in-command. Charm doesn't run in the family. Peter Parker is announced, raising eyebrows in the room. Harry steps out to see Peter. They haven't seen each other in years. He came to check in on his old friend in the wake of his father's passing. After an awkward moment, the friends reconnect with a laugh. In a local riverside park, Harry and Peter catch up. Harry seems genuinely happy to get away from his Oscorp drama and they bum around the city together. Harry apologizes for the distance in their relationship which leads to a conversation about why Peter's parents left. Harry also learns that Peter has a girlfriend, and Peter says Gwen's name, mentioning she's an Oscorp employee. A van is monitoring their conversation which turns into a discussion of Max's accident. He's to be written off to avoid another scandal. Cut to the lab where Dillon's corpse has been stashed. In the midst of electrical interference, Dillon's body reanimates in a shower of sparks. Electrical tools jump to life as Dillion discovers the nature of his powers. Grabbing a coat, Dillion/Electro Man stumbles out of the lab. That evening, Peter meets with Gwen in the city. Looks like they're making up. They have real chemistry and they both seem a lot happier in each other's presence. Meanwhile, Dillon steps into the street and immediately sets off all the car alarms. He sucks the electricity right out of a car. As he looks up, he sees the city as a matrix of electrical energy. Max Dillon wants more and heads to Times Square. Back to Pete and Gwen. He admits that he's been watching over her. She knows he's still in love with her. It's a nice moment. "It's the closest I can get to being with you." Suddenly, Gwen drops a bomb. That phone call was about a scholarship to Oxford. She's one of two finalists and could be headed to England. As Peter tries to process the news, his spider sense triggers. He looks to Times Square. Max grabs a power outlet to draw in the energy. He doesn't appear to have any motivation other than to absorb the energy. A cop demands that he stop and Max inadvertently flips a big truck with his electromagnetic powers. As a fleet of cop cars surround him, he catches a glimpse of himself on the big TV monitors. It's the attention and stardom he's craved his whole life. His emotions explode triggering a wave of energy that flips the squad cars. Spidey swoops in to catch one before it crushes a cop and tries to talk Max down. At first Max seeing his hero seems to improve his mental state. Spidey tries to talk him down a bit, begging the police snipers to lay off. Unfortunately, they take a shot, setting him off. As the crowd rallies behind the Spider Man, Max's inner dialog goes into overdrive. Convinced that he has been betrayed, he grabs some electrical cables, jacking them into his chest and sucking huge amounts of electricity into his body. Times Square goes dark and Max/Electro sends a blast of power that tears the block to shreds. Electro sends lightning bolts into the screaming crowd, levitating on electromagnetic force. Spidey sprays a fire hose onto him, disrupting Electro's power and sending him plummeting to earth. Electro is down for the count and Spidey heads home to watch the news about the fight. Glancing at his busted web shooter, Peter becomes consumed with solving the mystery of his parents' disappearance. He feverishly starts research on the internet trying to connect the dots. Meanwhile, Harry is sitting in a cavernous office. He's listening to news coverage fiddling with the drive his father left him. He feels an itch on his neck and as he reaches to scratch it, the drive pricks his finger. Falling to the desk, the drive causes a reaction with the desktop display and begins spitting out information about a secret battle armor. Harry looks at more files, and sees a video of Richard Parker explaining research into mutated spiders Cut to Peter experimenting with ways to Electro-proof his electronic web shooters by watching YouTube videos. The next morning, his phone rings. It's Harry asking to see him. Harry says he's dying and needs Peter's help to save his life. At Harry's office, a video of Richard and Norman is playing. They are talking about how spiders might be merged with human DNA to achieve miraculous cures. Harry is convinced that Spider-Man is the key to success. Harry needs to find Spider-Man and experiment on his blood to find a cure. Meanwhile, Gwen starts looking through Oscorp files to find Max Dillon. She thinks that he might be the electrical creature that attacked the city. Security agents detect the file access and block it, and then trace it back to Gwen. Cut back to Harry, who thinks Peter has a relationship with Spider-Man. He needs Peter to put them in contact. The scene cuts back and forth between Harry/Peter and security people tracking Gwen's inquiries. They start to chase her and she bumps into Peter. Hopping into a storeroom, she explains that she knows who Electro is. Peter explains that Harry wants Spider-Man's blood and is fearful of the consequences. But back to business, Peter doesn't want Gwen to go to England. They kiss and attempt to exit the building. Gwen hops into an elevator with Harry Osborn. Harry figures out that this is the Gwen who has a relationship with Peter. Cut to an exterior shot of Ravencroft Institution where Dillon has been collected and stored. Clearly, this isn't a benevolent place. Dr. Kafka explains that he wants to help Dillon. Max is incredulous as he recognizes Oscorp tech. After a few attempts to assess the limits of his powers, Dillon christens himself Electro. Scheming Oscorp exec Donald Menken (Colm Feore) commands that he be shut down and Electro is placed back into the neutralizing water chamber. Back at Peter's house, Aunt May is sitting in the midst of Peter's conspiracy web about his parents. He confronts her about the truth and demands answers. She explains that he was dropped off on their steps with no explanation. She begins to ramble in frustration and will not reveal anything more about his parents. Peter explains that he doesn't want to replace her, he just needs to know the truth. May relents and tells him that some government officials came to see them. They claimed that Peter's parents were traitors. It doesn't make sense to either of them. May says that Richard had a very normal routine of taking the D train to work every morning at 7 am, and came home at 6 pm. Cut to Harry's house. He looks awful. Spider-Man has dropped in to explain that giving him his blood isn't possible. It could have deadly side effects. Harry doesn't care. He wants the blood, no matter the cost. Harry is clearly going over the edge. He is desperate and Peter realizes he's made a mistake. He's about to make another one by interrupting Gwen as she heads into her scholarship interview. Despite breaking his heart, he wishes her luck in the interview. Peter takes his frustration out on his conspiracy web, tearing it apart. In the midst of the take down, he throws an electronic device that Richard owned, and it breaks open, revealing a large number of subway tokens stashed inside. He remembers what May said about Richard taking the D train. Entering Roosevelt and the D train together on the internet, he learns about a secret subway station along the D line that was used to transport President Roosevelt, the same person Richard was trying to send the data to in the opening scene. Back at Oscorp. Harry is in a drunken fit. He's sure that his fate is sealed since the super spiders were destroyed. Felicia, however, thinks there's still a chance. Apparently, Oscorp extracted the venom as a failsafe before killing the spiders. Harry begins combing through files to find the cache of venom. Apparently, Menken has been using Harry's security clearance to run the off-books Special Projects division at Ravencroft. Harry watches the Electro footage as Menken bursts into his office. It's a setup! Menken uses the Electro fiasco to remove Harry from his job and wrest control of Oscorp. Peter is in the subway tunnels looking for his dad's lab. He discovers the Roosevelt station and activates a switch with a token. Gradually, the tracks open to reveal a subterranean lab car that roars to life. All of his dad's research is here and the file download was completed years ago. Richard's video explains Norman Osborn's nefarious deeds while proclaiming his own innocence. Richard Parker refused to let his research be used for biological weapons. At Ravencroft, Harry breaks in to meet with Electro, stunning two guards and taking their access badges. Back to Peter, Richard announces that he used his own DNA with the spiders, meaning that only someone with HIS bloodline can replicate the experiments. That's why only Peter could inherit the Spider-Man powers without harm Harry races through the Ravencroft facility activating a fire alarm. Peter watches as his father says that Peter is the most important thing to him, driving Peter to tears. Harry strips off his disguise and enters the chamber where Electro is being held. He cancels Electro's sedation. Harry bargains with Electro to take down Oscorp for him. Harry appeals to Max's desperate need for friendship and they agree to take down Spider-Man together Of course, Electro exacts revenge on Kafka before escaping with Harry. Meanwhile, Peter leaves the subway station and receives a voice mail from Gwen. She's been accepted to Oxford and is already headed to the airport to avoid a face to face goodbye. At Oscorp, Electro kill Menken's security guard before Harry walks in and forces Menken to grant him access to Special Projects. Electro dashes off to reclaim his stolen power grid design and cripple the city. In Special Projects, Harry injects himself with the spider venom "cure", which sets off a painful transformation into the Green Goblin as Menken escapes. Harry is in extreme pain and looks up to see the special armor from the hard drive video. Crawling painfully while green light flashes all around him, he makes his way to the suit. Upon entering it, a healing protocol begins to repair the damage to his ravaged system. Cut to Gwen, caught in bridge traffic on the way to the airport. Her taxi driver (Teddy Coluca) sees that Spider-Man has webbed a love note on the bridge that draws Gwen out of her cab. He scoops her up and carries her off to talk. He's in love with her and they have the "movie love talk" on top of the bridge. Peter will go to England to be with her. As they kiss, Electro takes down the city's power grid, enveloping New York in darkness (and severely complicating air traffic). Gwen says there's a reset switch at the plant, but if Electro fries that, the city will never get back up. Brainy Gwen also figures out that Peter can Electro-proof his web shooters by magnetizing them. They do this with jumper cables from a squad car and Peter webs Gwen to a car for safety. Electro is a living field of electricity that dwarfs whole city blocks. He challenges Spider-Man to settle their score setting off a dazzling sequence of Spidey jumping around Electo-blast and grabbing his webbing like a maniac. Meanwhile, the flight Gwen missed is getting pretty desperate for contact with ground control. Their own instruments are being affected by Electro's field. What's more, ANOTHER flight is on an intercept path. Spidey tries to short circuit Electro, but he's grown too powerful They trade punches and Electro literally spits electricity onto Spidey's head. Gwen's magnetizing trick works allowing Peter to toss Electro into the power grid and gain a moment's breather. Unfortunately, Electro is back in seconds and starts pummeling Peter as he bounces between the grid towers. Spidey is taking a pretty bad beating until Gwen runs over Electro with a Squad car. Gwen insists on staying and they work out a plan to defeat Electro. Spidey will distract him while Gwen resets the system. It's a big impressive fight sequence with Spidey using his spider sense to evade electrocution. Spider-Man creates a web to channel Electro's energy and cues Gwen to flip the switch. The backlash restores the city's power and seemingly destroys Electro. The restored power avoids the plane collision and all seems well. Until Harry comes screaming in on his goblin glider, cackling maniacally. Seeing Spider-Man and Gwen together, Harry/Green Goblin figures out that Peter is Spider-Man and decides to hurt Peter by harming Gwen. Peter pleads with him to let Gwen go. Harry/Green Goblin obliges, by dropping her from his glider. Peter jumps to save her, but Harry drops a pumpkin bomb to finish the job. A furiously fast fight ensues, with Harry and Peter duking it out while Gwen attempts to avoid becoming collateral damage. Gwen falls and Peter webs her stopping her descent. Harry pounces and pins Peter to a clock wheel. As the mechanism moves, it will cut his web and send Gwen to her fate. Peter pins Harry and wedges his foot on the mechanism to spare Gwen, but to no avail. The wheel turns, the web snaps and Gwen falls. The clock damage takes out Harry and Peter leaps through the wreckage to save his love. The web line catches, but the impact snaps her neck, killing her instantly. The pose mimics the comic book perfectly. Peter gently cradles her lifeless body, pleading for her to stay with him. Cut to her funeral. Mrs. Stacy (Kari Coleman) is devastated. Peter and Aunt May hang back until the family leaves. Peter sits alone at her grave and a series of shots show him watching over her site over a period of several months. At Ravencroft, Harry is in a cell. A visitor shrouded in shadow (the same man from the end of the first film) visits and discusses a plan. Spider-Man is grief-stricken and out of action. Harry has a plan and wants to "keep it small." Apparently, all that they need is at Oscorp. They decide on using Aleksei Sytsevich as a test subject. Cut to a shot of Oscorp tower. Mr. Gustav Fiers (Michael Massee), who is the shadowy man walks through a room with specialized gear; Octo-arms (for Dr. Octopus), vulture wings (for Vulture), and an armored Rhino suit.... They will spring Sytsevich and set him against the city. At the Parker house, a newscast indicates that Spider Man has been missing for five months. Aunt May expresses concern that Spider-Man has disappeared. Peter is consumed with remorse, but in his bedroom he grabs a USB stick and watches Gwen's graduation day speech. The speech is all about maintaining a sense of hope. Remembering her bravery, he opens his closet and takes the uniform. Aleksei Sytsevich, controlling the mechanized suit as The Rhino, has just robbed a bank and is rampaging through the city. His superior armor is cutting through the cops. Inspired by his hero, the science fair kid has donned a Spidey suit and runs out to face the Rhino. Laughing at the sight, Rhino takes the bait and marches toward him. Until the real Spider-Man swoops in. Rhino charges Spidey who swings a manhole cover against Rhino.... Fade to black. End credits. 
 The Green Hornet (2011)541) Following the death of his father, Britt Reid, heir to his father's large company, teams up with his late dad's assistant Kato to become a masked crime fighting team. Playboy Britt Reid (Seth Rogen) becomes the new publisher of Los Angeles' "The Daily Sentinel" after the sudden death of his father. Britt's party life is about to change when he and his driver and kung fu expert, Kato (Jay Chou), stop a robbery. With the help of Kato, Britt starts a new career of fighting crime as the masked superhero "The Green Hornet". Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) When news magnate James Reid dies, his son Britt and chauffeur Kato, resentful of Reid's slights, vandalize a graveyard statue. By chance, they also rescue a couple from thugs, but TV reports the vandalism, not the heroism. Britt, thinking he's a genius while relying on Kato's mechanical and kung-fu skills, decides to be a superhero, the Green Hornet, and use his father's paper to play up the bad-guy elements. The reporting on the Hornet upsets LA's DA, who's up for reelection, and the city's real crime boss, Chudnofsky. Plus, how long will Kato suffer in silence, when he has all the skill? Competition for the affection of Britt's assistant, Lenore, brings things to a head. <jhailey@hotmail.com> When the publisher of "The Daily Sentinel" dies, his son Britt Reid inherits his newspaper. The idle Britt is a playboy that parties all the time with women and hates his father but he is forced to become the new publisher. He also meets his father's mechanic Kato, who is a skilled fighter of kung fu, and they decide to fight crime for fun wearing masks. Britt uses "The Daily Sentinel" to promote "The Green Hornet" and his sidekick, attracting the attention of the kingpin Chudnofsky, Now the Green Hornet is chased not only by the police, but also by Chudnofsky that is hunting him down. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Britt Reid (Seth Rogen) is the son of LA's most prominent and respected media magnate and perfectly happy to maintain a directionless existence on the party scene until his father James Reid (Tom Wilkinson) mysteriously dies, leaving Britt his vast media empire. Britt knows next to nothing about his father's newspaper "The Daily Sentinel" or background, and without his father finds himself at a loss with the newspaper's employees, meetings, or even how to manage his own goals. After firing almost all his father's personal servants in the house, he eventually recalls one that he only knows as having been responsible for making his coffee, Kato (Jay Chou). For the newspaper, he hires a new secretary named Lenore Case (Cameron Diaz). The industrious and inventive Kato had long been working on the prized cars James owned. Finding their love of cars a common ground, the two begin an unlikely friendship. Both agreeing that James had been a man of harsh temper, Britt decides to do something impulsive and settles on decapitating a public statue of his father. With Kato hidden in a car and Britt himself masked with a green cloth, he succeeds, but spots a street robbery taking place. Britt tries to help the victims but finds himself overwhelmed, and Kato sees his employer fleeing from several armed men. Kato quickly analyzes the situation, fights them off and drives a very impressed Britt home. With the incident they see their chance to do something meaningful for the first time in their lives: fight crime. Britt takes a leading role because of his bolder personality, and the two agree that to get close to the criminals they'll pose as criminals themselves. This way, their enemies would be less likely to suspect their identities or try using hostages to take advantage. Kato, using all his ingenuity and skill, builds advanced retro weaponry including his pride 'Black Beauty', an indestructible car equal parts firepower and horsepower. To spread their fame, Britt leaves the criminals he meets a business card with an email to contact who the press had dubbed 'The Green Hornet', a name Kato had suggested in a meeting with Britt's top press executives. To get an idea of plans and keeping their criminal cover, Britt tells Lenore to research and predict the Green Hornet's criminal behaviours, he himself uses his newspaper to spread news of the infamous new criminal. Protecting the law by breaking it, Britt becomes the vigilante the Green Hornet as he and Kato hit the streets. Rolling in a mobile fortress on wheels and striking the bad guys with Kato's clever gadgets, the Green Hornet and Kato quickly start making a name for themselves, but tensions soon arise between the pair. Kato is tired of being ignored in the media and being dismissed as the 'nameless thug', and Britt's obsession with his leading role causes him to belittle and mock Kato as the weaker sidekick. As the two grow fonder of Lenore, tensions erupt into a fight that nearly ends with Kato's death, and his dismissal from Britt's employ. Kato finds no sympathy from Lenore, who has also been fired by Britt due to his suspicions about an affair between her and Kato. Without his usual support, Britt starts to associate with the runner up for District Attorney, Scanlon (David Harbour), a man who had indicated he wanted control of Britt's newspaper in exchange for 'compensation'. Scanlon's uncompromising stance clashes with Britt's temper, and the two leave each other in a rage. Lenore however believes that journalism is all about hearing all sides, so Britt eventually agrees to meet up with Scanlon. What he doesn't know is that an email had been sent to the Green Hornet, and Kato sees that the vigilante had been hired to kill Britt Reid publicly in a restaurant. At the restaurant, Scanlon tells Britt about his plans to control the media and become D.A., finally admitting that he had been responsible for James's death. Britt shows him a USB he had used to record the entire conversation, but Scanlon is unmoved. As it turns out, Kato in his masked persona had arrived to the restaurant and met with Benjamin Chudnofsky (Christoph Waltz), the man who controls LA's gritty underworld, and the one who had hired him for the assassination. Kato appears in the restaurant and points a gun at Britt's head, scaring the other customers away, but for once Britt does not act recklessly in a tense situation. Finally apologizing for his behaviour to the other man, Britt convinces Kato of his sincerity, and the two turn against Scanlon before Chudnofsky's men appear. The two escape together, and Chudnofsky realizes that Britt himself is the Green Hornet. With Scanlon and many other gang members, they all set out in pursuit of the Black Beauty. Inside the Black Beauty, Britt assumes his Green Hornet identity while Kato heads for the newspaper offices, intending to upload the recording of Scanlon's confession to the public. Chased on all sides by Chudnofsky's men who all had their own cars and guns, Black Beauty receives a beating but takes the two vigilantes safely to the office, where things descended into chaos as the remaining employees and most of the building's structure and machines get in the way of Black Beauty, Chudnofsky's men, and the police that eventually arrive to the scene. When they finally reach Britt's office, Kato holds off their enemies while Britt tries to upload the data. To his horror, there is no recorded data to be uploaded. He does not stay still for long, after seeing Chudnofsky holding Kato at gunpoint, Britt takes up Kato's mentioned training and clearly analyzes the situation before rushing in to help. Though unable to incapacitate Chudnofsky he does take several mobsters out of commission, and in the distraction Kato blinds Chudnofsky. Before they could take care of Scanlon, the police arrives, and Scanlon quickly identifies himself and tells them to shoot the vigilantes. Unwilling to let Scanlon escape and let their identities be exposed, the Green Hornet chooses to flee the scene, but not without taking Scanlon down. Crashing what remained of the Black Beauty into Scanlon and out the window, Britt and Kato escape through the injecter seats that, amusingly enough, Britt once jokingly suggested Kato make. Their escape is not completely smooth, for Britt had taken a bullet wound and is unable to go to the hospital without arousing suspicion, so they head to Lenore's home. After beating and pepper-spraying them, Lenore learns their identities and tries to help remove the bullet, but without proper equipment Britt is wary of the procedure. Together, the three of them hatch a plan. The next day, Britt Reid holds a press conference, claiming that the criminal Green Hornet had destroyed the office in his successful attempt to take Scanlon's life. Black Beauty suddenly bursts into the area and a masked Kato announces that the Green Hornet sends the Reid family his regards, before shooting Britt and fleeing the scene. Lenore accompanies Britt to the hospital to treat his bullet wound, while a police car chases after the Green Hornet's infamous black car. Kato's latest innovation is revealled as the car switches to a white colour to throw off police suspicion, before returning to a black colour once the police car passed. Sometime later, Britt, in his Green Hornet outfit, arrives at Kato's house saying that they have a secret mission and that everything before was total crap, and that this mission was all that mattered. The mission: reattaching the head to the statue of James Reid. 
 The Amazing Spider-Man (2012)541) After Peter Parker is bitten by a genetically altered spider, he gains newfound, spider-like powers and ventures out to save the city from the machinations of a mysterious reptilian foe. Peter Parker (Garfield) is an outcast high schooler who was abandoned by his parents as a boy, leaving him to be raised by his Uncle Ben (Sheen) and Aunt May (Field). Like most teenagers, Peter is trying to figure out who he is and how he got to be the person he is today. Peter is also finding his way with his first high school crush, Gwen Stacy (Stone), and together, they struggle with love, commitment, and secrets. As Peter discovers a mysterious briefcase that belonged to his father, he begins a quest to understand his parents' disappearance - leading him directly to Oscorp and the lab of Dr. Curt Connors (Ifans), his father's former partner. As Spider-Man is set on a collision course with Connors' alter-ego, The Lizard, Peter will make life-altering choices to use his powers and shape his destiny to become a hero. Columbia Pictures The Amazing Spider-Man follows the origin story of Peter Parker's beginnings as the world-renowned wall-crawler. After being bitten by a radio-active spider, Peter acquires amazing abilities which will help him achieve things one could only dream about. In a life-threatening fight for the city, Peter will strive to protect New York City from the threat of his friend-turned-enemy, Doctor Curt Connors: whom has transformed into The Lizard. Johnny Spending his days trying to unravel the mystery of his past and win the heart of his high school crush, Gwen Stacy, the bookish teenage social outcast Peter Parker, has a lot on his plate already. Reared by his understanding Uncle Ben and his loving Aunt May, Peter finds, accidentally, a hidden briefcase; a mysterious discovery that will pave the way for a sudden and extraordinary transformation, and a new identity. As a result, as Peter embarks on a painful mission to find answers, an agile web-spinning hero emerges, to defend bustling New York from powerful enemies, and an unstoppable reptilian adversary. Will Peter follow the arduous path of responsibility? Can the amazing Spider-Man save the city from the monstrous Lizard? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Scientist Richard Parker ( Campbell Scott ) is playing hide-and-seek with his young son Peter ( Max Charles ) when he discovers that his study has been broken into. After quickly gathering some hidden documents, Richard and his wife Mary ( Embeth Davidtz ) leave Peter with his Aunt May ( Sally Field ) and Uncle Ben ( Martin Sheen ), then mysteriously depart without telling Peter where they are going. Years later, the teenage Peter Parker ( Andrew Garfield ) has become an alienated social outcast. He attends Midtown Science High School, where he pines over his crush Gwen Stacy ( Emma Stone ), while frequently getting bullied by the obnoxious Flash Thompson ( Chris Zylka ). At home, Peter finds a briefcase containing some of his father's old documents and learns that his father worked with fellow scientist Dr. Curtis Connors ( Rhys Ifans ) at a pharmaceutical company named Oscorp. Faking his way into the Oscorp building by pretending to be an intern, Peter sneaks into a laboratory where extremely strong "biocable" is being created from genetically-modified spiders. One of the spiders escapes from its container and bites Peter. On the subway ride home, Peter scuffles with a gang of thugs and discovers that he suddenly has increased agility and strength. Upon returning home, he finds the spider hiding in his jacket and stores it away. The next day, Peter goes to Dr. Connors's house and gives him Richard Parker's documents. Dr. Connors explains that he and Richard were researching cross-species genetics in order to find a way to re-grow lost limbs, Dr. Connors being motivated by the loss of his own right arm. Dr. Connors is frustrated because his superior, Dr. Rajit Ratha ( Irrfan Khan ), is pressuring him to devise a cure for Oscorp's CEO Norman Osborn, who is terminally ill. Back at school, Peter gets in trouble after accidentally breaking a basketball hoop during a game with Flash. Uncle Ben is forced to switch a work shift to meet with the principal about the situation. Afterward, Uncle Ben asks Peter to pick up Aunt May, but Peter instead practices his new-found powers and meets with Dr. Connors at Oscorp, who shows him how the limb-regeneration formula works on a laboratory mouse. When Peter returns home, Uncle Ben scolds him for having forgotten to pick up Aunt May, reminding him that Richard believed that people should always make their responsibilities their priority. A distraught Peter storms off. He goes to a store to buy milk, but falls two cents cents short and is refused service by the store clerk. Suddenly, a man robs the store and Peter doesn't do anything to stop him. Uncle Ben, who was searching for Peter, sees the thief running away and wrestles with him over a gun. The thief shoots Uncle Ben right in front of Peter and runs off. Shortly after the attack, Peter acquires a police sketch of the killer and uses his abilities to hunt criminals matching the killer's description. After attacking a man who fits the description, he is chased by a gang and falls inside an abandoned gym, and a luchador wrestling poster inspires him to create a mask. Later on, he adds a spandex suit for mobility and suddenly becomes a folk hero who the public refers to as 'Spider-Man.' The police, led by Gwen's father, Captain George Stacy ( Denis Leary ), soon start a man-hunt for the masked vigilante. Meanwhile, Dr. Ratha fires Dr. Connors for refusing to immediately start human trials of the limb-regeneration formula. He takes a sample of the drug and plans to test it at a Veterans Administration hospital under the guise of flu shots. Growing desperate, Dr. Connors injects himself with the formula, and passes out. Upon awakening, he finds his lost arm has fully regenerated. However, he then mutates into a large, reptilian monster and chases Dr. Ratha at the Williamsburg Bridge, throwing cars over the side as he rampages. Spider-Man saves each fallen car with the biocable web, which he deploys from wrist-mounted shooters of his own invention. With a great deal of difficulty, he also manages to save the life of a young boy trapped in a car that has fallen from the bridge and that Spider-Man is holding suspended in midair through the biocable webbing. Spider-Man then confronts the Lizard in the sewers, barely escaping alive. Unfortunately, Peter leaves behind a camera he used to expose the Lizard's intentions -- a camera inscribed with his name. The Lizard finds it and learns Spider-Man's real identity. He attacks Peter at school and plans to unleash the drug all over Manhattan to mutate all humans into lizards using a cloud-generating device at Oscorp Tower, unaware that Gwen is there making an antidote for the condition at Peter's request. The police mobilize to stop both him and Spider-Man, but are delayed when the Lizard infects officers with small doses of the chemical. Captain Stacy learns Spider-Man's real identity and allows him to go stop Connors while proceeding to the tower himself after Peter mentions that Gwen is there making the antidote. However, during the manhunt, Spider-Man was wounded by a police bullet and is having difficulty swinging from building to building to reach Oscorp Tower. The father of the young boy whose life Spider-Man saved works in construction, and hears about what's going on through the radio and TV while working an evening shift. He calls all of his construction worker friends who are also working, and they all maneuver large cranes into proper formation so that Spider-Man can use them to reach Oscorp Tower. After Captain Stacy retrieves the antidote from Gwen and arrives to save Spider-Man, who was being overpowered, both of them fight together to delay the Lizard while Spider-Man modifies the machine to disperse the antidote instead, restoring the humanity of Connors and the infected officers, and allowing him to save Peter from a fatal fall from the tower. Unfortunately, the Lizard mortally wounded Captain Stacy. Before he dies of his wounds, Stacy makes Peter promise to keep Gwen safe by staying away from her. Peter initially does so, staying out of sight at Captain Stacy's funeral, which offends Gwen. She confronts him at his house, and he doesn't talk about it, but Gwen is no fool; she realizes his reasons. Arriving late to class back in school, Peter is told by a teacher to "not make promises he can't keep." Peter leans forward and whispers to Gwen, "but those are the best kind." She smiles, and it is implied that the two resume their relationship. With his first challenge surmounted, Peter officially takes to the streets as a proper hero. In a post-credits scene, Dr. Connors is sitting in a prison cell speaking with a mysterious man (presumably Norman Osborn). The man inquires about Dr. Connors divulging information about Peter's father, but Dr. Connors tells the man to leave Peter alone, and the scene abruptly ends with a flash of lightning. 