nm0000512:

 Sirens (1994)Summaries When a painting is termed blasphemous, a young minister and his wife visit the artist... and the three sexually playful models living with him. Anthony, a young reverend and his wife, Estella are on the way from England to Australia to minister to their flock. The bishop asks him to visit Norman, an eccentric artist prone to sexual depictions and requests that he voluntarily withdraw a controversial work call "Crucified Venus" from his show. The minister, who considers himself a progressive, is shocked at the amoral atmosphere surrounding the painter, his wife, and the three models living at his estate. The minister's wife is troubled also, and has to deal with latent sexual urges while trying to remain loyal to her husband. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> A young English minister and his wife are asked to stop by an eccentric artist's home on the way through Australia to their new parish. The bishop of Sidney is concerned because the artist is prone to painting naked females, and hopes that he will be persuaded to withdraw a controversial painting from his show which is soon due for exhibition. The clever mined minister is both challenged, and put off at the permissive atmosphere he finds surrounding the painter, perpetuated by the painter's wife's nonchalant attitude, and the three lovely models living and working at his estate. The minister's wife finds herself aroused by the free atmosphere, and both she and her husband discover that they know more about each other, and are better for the visit by its conclusion. Unknownian It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Edge (1997)541) An intellectual billionaire and two other men struggle to band together and survive after getting stranded in the Alaskan wilderness with a blood-thirsty Kodiak Bear hunting them down. A model has her rich, much older husband come with her to a photo shoot. But when their plane crashes in the middle of nowhere, a strong mind game erupts between the clever husband and the jealous young photographer as they try to get back to civilization. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> A billionaire goes to Alaska with his supermodel wife for a photo shoot. The men set out to look for a good location to takes photos and crash land in the woods. A nice vacation turns into a game of life and death when a man-eating bear hunts after them. The bear isn't the only problem Charles Morse (the billionaire) (Sir Anthony Hopkins) suspects that Robert Green (the photographer) (Alec Baldwin) is having an affair with his wife. Billionaire Charles Morse (Sir Anthony Hopkins) accompanies his supermodel wife Mickey (Elle Macpherson) to a photo shoot at Alaska. The shoot is to be done by fashion photographer Robert Green (Alec Baldwin). To find a specific place for the shoot, they fly to an even more distant location, where their small plane crashes into a lake. To survive in the woods and a man-killing bear, they need each other, but the smarter of the men, Charles, is suspicious that Robert is having an affair with his wife. Gustaf Molin <gumo@hem2.passagen.se> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Charles Morse (Anthony Hopkins), a billionaire, and two other men, Robert "Bob" Green (Alec Baldwin), a photographer, and Stephen (Harold Perrineau), his assistant, arrive in a remote North America locale via Charles's private jet, along with Charles's much-younger wife, Mickey (Elle MacPherson), a beautiful fashion model. The group is here for a photo shoot and are the only guests at a lodge. Styles (L.Q. Jones), the proprietor, warns everyone that the region is inhabited by bears and not to leave food uncovered. The party also celebrate Charles' birthday, and Mickey gives him an engraved pocket watch. Bob's present is an expensive hunting knife. When Bob's male model gets sick, he invites Charles to fly with him and Stephen to a different location where a characterized Indian is hunting. In mid-air, Charles, suspecting Bob and Mickey are having an affair after he sees Bob kiss Mickey on the cheek, cryptically asks how Bob is planning to kill him. Before the conversation goes any further, the plane suddenly hits a flock of birds and nose-dives into a lake, killing the pilot. Charles, Bob, and Stephen barely escape safely to shore. Lost, wet, and freezing, the men, knowing the plane was off course, attempt to hike to a more likely search area, only to find that a Kodiak Bear is stalking them. They elude it, but later that night, the Bear attacks their camp and kills Stephen. On the run from the Bear, Charles and Bob have little chance of rescue. Though not an outdoorsman, Charles draws upon his encyclopedic survival knowledge to guide them, and the men work together, bonding somewhat. The Bear finds them, and in a struggle on a river bed, Charles impales it with a hand-carved spear, saving Bob's life. The two find an empty hunters' cabin containing some supplies, a rifle, and a canoe. As Charles is about to use the paper receipt from Mickey's birthday gift as tinder to light the stove, he notices on it that she also bought Bob an expensive wristwatch engraved with an intimate inscription. Charles realizes that Bob and Mickey are indeed having an affair and that Bob is going to kill him to obtain his wealth and wife. Bob drinks to prepare himself, causing Charles to lament that Bob is unable to kill him sober. As Bob is about to shoot him, Charles lures Bob into a "deadfall" pit left by hunters. Bob suffers a mortal wound, but rather than leaving him to die, Charles transports him downriver by canoe. They make camp, hoping a search party finds them there. Bob apologizes for betraying Charles and says Mickey was never involved in the murder plot. A rescue helicopter appears and spots them, but Bob dies before it lands. Back at the lodge, Charles hands Bob's watch to Mickey, his expression implying that he knows about her adultery. He then declares to the gathered press that his friends died, "saving my life." 
 The Mirror Has Two Faces (1996)44) A shy, middle-aged professor enters into a romantic but non-physical relationship with an unlucky-in-love colleague. Rose and Gregory, both Columbia University professors meet when Rose's sister answers Gregory's "personals" ad. Several times burned, the handsome-but-boring Gregory believes that sex has ruined his life, and has deliberately set out to find and marry a woman with absolutely no sex appeal. Greg thinks he's found what he's looking for in Rose, a plain, plump English Lit professor who can't compete with her gorgeous mother and sister. More out of mutual admiration and respect than love, Greg and Rose marry. Greg assumes that Rose understands that he is not interested in a sexual relationship. He's mistaken, and their marriage is nearly destroyed when Rose tries to consummate their relationship. While Gregory is out of the country on a lecture tour, Rose diets and exercises to transform herself into a sexy siren in a last-ditch attempt to save her marriage. Anthony Bruce Gilpin <agilpin@pacbell.net> Boring math professor Gregory Larkin comes completely unhinged by any thought of sex. He sets out to build a relationship with homely literature professor Rose Morgan based on a more intellectual level. They marry, but she misses the sex. While he is away on a lecture tour, she diets, exercises, and has a makeover, but that still doesn't solve all their problems. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> Relationship between two Columbia professors with frustrating personal lives for different reasons. Jeff Bridges searching for an ideal marriage and Barbara Streisand plays a woman no one finds attractive. Problems soon arise after a marriage without sex and get worse when she is transformed from an ugly duckling into a swan through diet, exercise and a make over. Al Gunawan <gunawan@woldnet.att.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Batman & Robin (1997)761) Batman and Robin try to keep their relationship together even as they must stop Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from freezing Gotham City. Batman and Robin are back working side-by-side to stop the villains of Gotham City, but is there tension appearing between them, especially when one villainess who calls herself Poison Ivy can make anyone fall in love with her...literally. Along with Poison Ivy, the icy Mr. Freeze is freezing anything which gets in his way from achieving his goal. FilmFanUk For quite some time, the Dynamic Duo of Batman and Robin work to continuing the mission of protecting Gotham City from evil forces. But now their relationship is challenged when they must fight the villainous duo of icy Mr Freeze and venemous Poison Ivy who seek to freeze Gotham and repopulate it with mutant plants. At the same time, the heroes must find a way to cure their sick butler Alfred while they also receive some help from new heroine Batgirl. Blazer346 Mr. Freeze plans on taking Gotham City hostage by freezing the town into a permanent winter. In the meantime, a new seductive villainous, Poison Ivy, has appeared to cause a rift in the partnership of Batman & Robin. While all this is happening, faithful butler Alfred is dying. Mr. Freeze holds the key to save his life. Enter Batgirl to help save the day. Humberto Amador New troubles have arisen in Gotham City. First, there's a new super villain in town: Mr. Freeze, a former doctor whose blood is laced with cryogenic liquid, causing him to be cold in look and feeling who plans to freeze Gotham until he gets the money needed to finish finding the cure for a mysterious disease that has stricken his wife. Second, Poison Ivy, a villainess with luscious lips full of venom, has arrived in Gotham with her hulking servant, Bane, with plans to team up with Freeze and prepare the way for genetically enhanced plants. Third, Ivy has caused a rift between the partnership of the Dark Knight and the Boy Wonder. And finally, Alfred, Batman's trusted butler, has developed the same disease that Freeze's wife has. It is in this time of need that a new partner, Batgirl, steps forward to help the two rid the city of evil once more. Will The 4th installment on the Batman franchise, this one centers around the villain Mr. Freeze who has gone evil because of the near death of his wife, Lady Fries. Also introducing Poison Ivy, the deadliest plant-lover in the world who will get pissed-off if you "fool with Mother Nature". Poison Ivy, whilst controlling the strong, buff villain Bane develops into Mr. Freeze's sidekick while ironically she only causes trouble between The Dark Knight himself and The Boy Wonder. The villains plot to freeze Gotham and to be the only remaining humans on the planet. But Batman and Robin must come together despite their differences and their butler Alfred's deadly illness that only Freeze has the cure for. They find help from heroine, Batgirl while they plan to defeat Freeze, Ivy, and Bane. Shawn Gilson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Gotham City, Batman and Robin attempt to stop Mr. Freeze from stealing a cache of diamonds, but he escapes. The Dynamic Duo soon learn that Mr. Freeze was once a scientist named Victor Fries who became dependent on a diamond-powered subzero suit following an accident in a cryogenics lab he was using to find a cure for his wife, Nora Fries, who was suffering from a terminal illness called MacGregor's Syndrome. In South America, Pamela Isley is working under Dr. Jason Woodrue, a mad scientist who is experimenting with the Venom drug. She witnesses Woodrue use the formula to turn a diminutive convict into a hulking monstrosity dubbed "Bane". Woodrue and Isley argue over the use of the drug and Woodrue overturns a shelf of various toxins onto her. She transforms into the beautiful and seductive Poison Ivy before killing Woodrue with a kiss from her now-poisonous lips. She finds that Wayne Enterprises funded Woodrue, so she takes Bane with her to Gotham. Meanwhile, butler Alfred Pennyworth's niece, Barbara Wilson, makes a surprise visit and is invited by Bruce Wayne to stay at Wayne Manor until she goes back to school. Alfred is revealed to be suffering from MacGregor's Syndrome. Poison Ivy interrupts a Wayne Enterprises press conference to propose a project that could help the environment. Bruce Wayne declines her offer, as it would kill millions of people. That night, a charity event is held by Wayne Enterprises with special guests Batman and Robin in attendance. Poison Ivy decides to seduce them. Freeze crashes the party and steals a diamond from the event. He is captured and sent to a chamber prison in Arkham Asylum, but escapes with the help of Ivy and Bane. Freeze and Ivy return to his hideout to retrieve his diamonds and his wife. Ivy and Bane attack Batman and Robin who are investigating the hideout. Ivy finds Freeze's vulnerable wife suspended in cryosleep but deliberately cuts off her life support by kicking loose her power cord. Ivy leaves her to die and blames Batman which enrages Freeze. Robin becomes smitten with Ivy and begins to rebel against Batman. Ivy imprisons Robin when he does not give in to her charms; she also subdues Batman when he arrives to save his partner. Just then, Barbara - now a costumed crimefighter calling herself Batgirl - shows up and fights Ivy, eventually defeating her. Batman, Robin, and Batgirl decide to go after Freeze together. By the time they get to the observatory where Freeze and Bane are, Gotham is completely frozen. Robin and Batgirl confront Bane and defeat him, while Batman and Freeze begin to fight each other, with Batman winning. Batgirl and Robin unfreeze Gotham. Batman then shows Freeze a recording of Ivy during her fight with Batgirl, in which the former brags about killing Nora. Batman then tells Freeze that his wife is not dead; she has been restored in cryogenic slumber and moved to Arkham so he can finish his research. Batman asks Freeze for the cure he has created for the first stage of MacGregor's Syndrome for Alfred; Freeze atones for his misdeeds by giving him the medicine he had developed. Ivy is shown imprisoned in Arkham with a vengeful Freeze as her cellmate. Alfred is eventually healed. Everyone agrees to let Barbara stay at the mansion. The film closes as our three heroes run in front of the Bat-signal 