nm0005411:

 Wake the Dead (2017)Summaries After a near death incident leaves Kristin scarred with a terrifying connection to the Spirit World, her family attempts to break her free of an Evil Spirit's hold. After a near death incident leaves Kristin scarred with a terrifying connection to the Spirit World, she uses any means necessary to block it. But when she and her fiance move into a new home, Kristin quickly realizes they are not alone. Clues of its horrific past are revealing themselves and the Dark Force that dwells in the house is not going to stop until it gets what it wants. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rock Bottom (I) (2010)Summaries Fired from his job as a SCUBA instructor in Hawaii, Jack Lamarr heads back home to the Midwest and finds himself working as a woman's self defense instructor at the local YWCA. Everything appears to be going well until he becomes infatuated with one of his students. Surrounded by the one thing he wants, Jack slowly becomes the threat he taught the women to protect themselves against, forcing this unrequited romance to land him lower than he ever was before. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 90210 (20082013)Summaries A Kansas family relocates to Beverly Hills, where their two children adapt to the infamous social drama of West Beverly Hills High. Annie and Dixon Wilson move from Kansas to the very wealthy area of Beverly Hills, and begin attending the famed West Beverly High School in the 90210 zip code. They quickly encounter queen bee Naomi, rebel Silver, troubled Adrianna and others as the drama unfolds in 90210. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Be Good to Eddie Lee (2010)Summaries A short film that follows the adventures of Eddie Lee, Christi and Jim as they learn the true meaning of friendship and the value that it's really what's inside that counts. It is the first day of summer in a quiet Midwestern town. Christi eagerly awaits an adventure with her best friend Jim. Today they decide they are on the hunt for frog eggs. Much to their surprise they are followed by Christi's neighbor, Eddie Lee, a little boy with Down Syndrome. Jim continues to taunt Eddie Lee, even after Eddie Lee saves him from the pond. When Jim threatens Eddie Lee, Christi is forced to choose between Jim and her new friend. 'Be Good to Eddie Lee' is a short film that follows the adventures of Eddie Lee, Christi and Jim as they learn the true meaning of friendship and the value of what's inside that counts. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 