nm0000680:

 Alita: Battle Angel (2019)651) A deactivated cyborg's revived, but can't remember anything of her past and goes on a quest to find out who she is. Alita is a creation from an age of despair. Found by the mysterious Dr. Ido while trolling for cyborg parts, Alita becomes a lethal, dangerous being. She cannot remember who she is, or where she came from. But to Dr. Ido, the truth is all too clear. She is the one being who can break the cycle of death and destruction left behind from Tiphares. But to accomplish her true purpose, she must fight and kill. And that is where Alita's true significance comes to bear. She is an angel from heaven. She is an angel of death. Anthony Harmon In 2563, three hundred years after the war "The Fall", the mysterious scientist Dr. Dyson Ido finds part of a female cyborg in a junkyard and brings to his laboratory. He finds that her human brain is amnetic but intact and gives the name of his deceased daughter Alita to the cyborg. Alita meets on the street Dr. Ido's ex-wife Chiren, who is also a scientist that works to the powerful Zapan, and befriends the young Hugo, who brings cyborg's parts to Dr. Ido, and learns that both dream on moving to the floating city of Zalem. Hugo teaches Alita how to play Motorball and she learns that the champion of the Motorball Tournament moves to Zalem. Soon Alita discovers that Dr. Ido is a hunter warrior and after finding her cyborg body in a crashed spaceship, she decides to become also a hunter warrior but Dr. Ido refuses to replace her body. Who was Alita and what is the secret of the cyborg body found by Alita?Let us see what happens. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Set in the 26th century, the story takes place 300 years after a societal collapse caused by a major war. In that society, it's a technological dark age following a pinnacle of achievement far beyond where we are right now. Cyborg technology is a way of life. People are augmented a lot as workers, so being a cyborg is not unusual. The main character is a cyborg. She has an organic human brain, and she looks like she's about fourteen years old. She has a completely artificial body and she's lost her memory. She is found in a wreckage and reconstituted by a cyber-surgeon who becomes her surrogate father. TermlnatriX When Alita (Rosa Salazar) awakens with no memory of who she is in a future world she does not recognize, she is taken in by Dr. Ido (Christoph Waltz), a compassionate doctor who realizes that somewhere in this abandoned cyborg shell is the heart and soul of a young woman with an extraordinary past. As Alita learns to navigate her new life and the treacherous streets of Iron City, Ido tries to shield her from her mysterious history while her street-smart new friend Hugo (Keean Johnson) offers instead to help trigger her memories. But it is only when the deadly and corrupt forces that run the city come after Alita that she discovers a clue to her past - she has unique fighting abilities that those in power will stop at nothing to control. If she can stay out of their grasp, she could be the key to saving her friends, her family and the world she's grown to love. Twentieth Century Fox Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2563, planet Earth has survived a war known as "The Fall." There is a city floating above the earth in the sky, called Zalem, suspended by advanced engineering. Beneath this is a city called Iron City. There is a tube from Iron City's Factory connected to Zalem. In the junkyard, Dr. Dyson Ido discovers a core of female cyborg that has brain and core heart, but without body nor limbs. Together with a nurse assistant, Ido rebuilds the cyborg with a spare robotic body in his cyborg clinic. She wakes up with no recollection of any memories. Ido names her "Alita," as she didn't know her own name. He finds out that the new cyborg body integrates well with Alita's original brain as she can control her fingers. Her sensory taste is also proven working when she likes orange fruit when she tried it for the first time. It turns out, the name of Ido's deceased daughter was Alita was (referred to as real Alita on-wards). The robotic body was initially built for Ido's late daughter, real Alita because she was wheelchair bound. Real Alita never had a chance to use it as she was killed by a cyber-robber, who broke into Ido's clinic looking for drugs. Ido's partner was Chiren, who is also real Alita's mother. Ido and Chiren separated after the real Alita died. Chiren and Ido came from Zalem and was outcasted to come to Iron City. Chiren's goal after the death of her daughter is to go back to Zalem. Chiren worked for Vector, as he promises to send her back to Zalem. Vector is the boss who manages Iron City Motorball competition. He has the authority from Zalem scientist Nova to send people to Zalem. The winner of Motorball competition gets to be sent up to Zalem by Vector. Alita befriends a boy named Hugo, who dreams of moving to the sky city of Zalem as well. He also shows her that he wanted to be a Hunter-Warrior like Zapan, a bounty-hunter warrior, with a long sword as his trademark weapon. Hunter-Warrior collects money by killing criminals in Iron City. Hugo also introduces Alita to Motorball race in the neighborhood. Alita tries to participate, falls down and is made fun in the beginning. After a few times, her natural competitive streak shows up, and she is able to defeat everyone to score a Motorball goal. Alita discovers that Ido is a Hunter-Warrior when she follows him one night and they encounter three deadly cyborgs. When Ido is injured, Alita tried to protect him, and finds out that she is naturally skilled in an ancient martial art called "Panzer Kunst." While in combat, Alita has memory flashbacks of her earlier life on Mars. She used to be a warrior with code '99'. With her skill, she kills two of the cyborgs and severely damaging the third one, called Grewishka, who retreats underground. Grewishka promises to come back and hunt down Alita. Despite Alita's fighting skills, Ido discourages her from becoming a Hunter-Warrior. Once Vector and Chiren find out Alita's capability, they get an order from Nova to kill Alita. Nova promises Chiren that she can go back to Zalem if she succeeds the mission. It turns out, Grewishka works for Vector and Chiren. Vector orders Hugo and his friends to attack cyborgs and steal their body parts for fixing and upgrading Grewishka. Vector promises to send Hugo to Zalem once he gets enough credits doing his dirty work (important later). On the next day, Hugo and his friends brought Alita to a forest area outside the city. Here, they found an old abandoned spaceship from "the Fall" era. Alita went into the spacecraft through an underwater door and brought back a Berserker warrior cyborg body with her. Ido refuses to install her in the body, as he wants Alita to have a second chance in life without being a warrior. Alita is disappointed and rebels by registering herself as a Hunter-Warrior. Alita and Hugo go to the Kansas Bar to ask other Hunter-Warriors to help her take down Grewishka. They refuse to help as Grewishka is not in the wanted list, and there is no benefit / bounty in killing him. Zapan tries to intimidate and embarrass Alita, but Alita easily beat him in a fight and being humiliated in the process. Afterward, Alita challenges all the other Hunter-Warriors and creates a massive battle in the bar. Ido comes in time to stop the fight, as an upgraded Grewishka storms into the bar and challenges Alita to a rematch. Despite her courage and martial arts skills, Alita's body is sliced up by Grewishka's bladed fingers before Ido and another Hunter-Warrior force him to retreat again. Without any other options, Ido places Alita in the Berserker body, which automatically integrates with her. Vector realizes that he is not able to defeat Alita easily. He arranges for a Motorball match where all the participants are instructed to kill Alita for a significant amount of credit. At the same time, he urges Hugo to enter Alita in the Motorball competition. When Alita wins, both Hugo and Alita can go to Zalem. With her new body, Alita has higher power and enhanced flexibility. She enters her name in a Motorball tryout race, as per Hugo's request. Ido discovers that the other contestants are Hunter-Warriors and other cyborgs hired by Vector to kill her. Meanwhile, Zapan is plotting his revenge against Hugo and Alita. Zapan caught Hugo and his friend Tanji while they are stealing cyborg parts. Zapan kills Tanji and frames Hugo for murdering the cyborg they were taking parts from. Now Hugo has a bounty on his head, and all Hunter-Warriors are looking for him. While Alita is in Motorball race, Hugo is trying to escape from Zapan. Hugo calls Alita and tells her to meet him at the abandoned church. After Alita eliminates the other contestants, she heads to the church to confront Zapan and learn the truth about Hugo's work before Zapan mortally wounds him. Chiren was at the church, supposed to kill Alita, but instead, she saves Hugo's life by having him decapitated and uses Alita's heart to keep his brain alive. This angers Zapan, but Alita grabs his Damascus Blade sword and slices off his face. Hugo's head is transplanted onto a cyborg body by Ido. He also tells Alita that Hugo's belief of going to Zalem for one million credits was a lie fabricated by Vector, as citizens of Iron City will never be able to enter Zalem. Alita storms through the Factory to confront Vector. Vector reveals that Chiren has been murdered and her organs and body parts will be sent to Zalem. This is the only way citizens of Iron City gets to go to Zalem. Alita once again battles Grewishka in Vector's office and kills him before stabbing Vector, who has been mentally controlled by Zalem scientist Nova. Alita promises Nova to get revenge for Hugo, and he made the mistake of underestimating her. In the meantime, Hugo has run away from the clinic. With his new cyborg body, he attempts to climb a Factory tube towards Zalem. Alita pleads with Hugo to return with her, as a massive spiked ring sent by Nova comes hurtling down the tube, shredding Hugo's body. Alita manages to grab Hugo's remaining arm and use her sword to secure hold onto the tube. Hugo's elbow joints cannot support him and break apart, but not before he can say goodbye, leaving Alita on the tube clutching the remaining of his arm. Alita is devastated but determined to live on Hugo's memory. In the final scene, Alita is shown as the star athlete of the Motorball tournament. The crowd cheers for her as she points her sword towards Zalem while Nova watches her from above. 
 Tarzan and the Lost City (1998)Summaries Tarzan returns to his homeland of Africa to save his home from destruction. England 1913. Bent on finding the fabled lost city of Opar, a sacred Atlantean colony located deep in the wild jungles of Africa, the unscrupulous opportunist, Nigel Ravens, burns and kills his way to the city of gold. Plagued by disturbing visions of destruction, John Clayton II, Viscount Greystoke, decides to return to his roots in the heart of mother Africa, determined to get to the bottom of his vivid nightmares. Once more, John becomes mighty Tarzan, and along with Mugabe, the shaman, they embark on a peril-laden mission to prevent the invaders from robbing the secret realm of its riches. Can Tarzan, the magnificent lord of the jungle, save the lost city? Nick Riganas On the eve of his wedding, John Clayton, Lord of Greystoke (better known as Tarzan), receives a message from the witch doctor Mugambe that his homeland is in danger. It turns out that a treasure hunter named Ravens is searching for the lost city of Opar, and is destroying the jungle and desecrating the villagers' burial grounds in the process. Only Tarzan can stop Ravens and set things right in the African jungle, but will Jane stand for her fiance being away for so long? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Starship Troopers (1997)651) Humans in a fascist, militaristic future wage war with giant alien bugs. In the distant future high school kids are encouraged to become citizens by joining the military. What they don't know is that they'll soon be engaged in a full scale war against a planet of alien insects. The fight is on to ensure the safety of humanity. Christopher Van Pelt The time is the future. Johnny Rico joins the military after graduation to become a citizen and for the love of his high school sweetheart. In the war against the bug aliens of Klendathu, the military is a very dangerous place to be. Johnny works his way through several battles and with the help of his friends and comrades, helps turn the tide of the war, and save the human race. <maninamask@aol.com> Set on the future earth, Johnny rico is a young student dating a girl named Carmen. When Carmen decides to join the military in order to become a class citizen (citizenship is only achieved through serving your country), Johnny follows and joins as well. He soon realizes that he joined for the wrong reasons but just as he is about to quit, an asteroid that originated from the orbit of planet "klendathu" hits Buenos Aires (his home town) and kills his family. Johnny and his fellow troopers set out to destroy the planet's inhabitants: a type of deadly and very large scaled space bugs. Through a seemingly ordinary action flick, director paul verhoeven creates a subtle anti-war theme, that shows us a fascist and military world far more frightening than WW2's Germany, Italy or Russia, the kind of world that is actually functioning. guyshemi Earth is united under militaristic organization called "Federation". Even in 4school students like Johnny Rico are thought about importance of serving to the Federation. On the surface atmosphere looks pretty relaxed, Johnny is dating beautiful Carmen, he has successful high school football career, loyal friends and rich parents. In the background Federation is in war with highly intelligent insectoid population that has colonized many worlds and are now trying to exterminate humans. Carmen decides to go to a school for a pilot in hope of commanding her own space ship one day and Johnny follows her not wanting to separate, but they eventually get separated in the line of duty when Johnny ends up in the Infantry and Carmen in the Fleet. When tragedy obliterates their home city of Buenos Aires, Johnny gets determined more than ever to put an end to the insectoid aggressor. Driven by hatred of the insectoids, and jealousy for Carmen's new boyfriend, Johnny strives to become one of the best soldiers Federation has ever seen... But "bugs" prove to be smarter and more resilient than he originally thought... Shaddow Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the distant future, several hundred years after a revolution by Galactic War Veterans overthrew the world's governments and imposed a militaristic regime titled 'The Global Federation of Earth', humanity is at tense diplomatic relations with an alien race whose homeworld is the planet Klendathu (one of many planets inhabited by these creatures located on the other side of the Milky Way Galaxy) who are named the Arachnids, or 'Bugs'. John 'Johnny' D. Rico (Casper Van Dien), his girlfriend Carmen (Denise Richards), and best friend Carl (Neil Patrick Harris), who possesses psychic abilities, graduate from high school in Buenos Aires. Carmen and Carl enlist in the military to become citizens. Wanting to follow his girlfriend and friend, Johnny goes against his parents' desires and also enlists. But he finds that his grades are too low to join Carmen in Flight School and is assigned to the Mobile Infantry while Carl joins Military Intelligence. Johnny and the rest of the new recruits are drilled by the brutal Career Sergeant Zim (Clancy Brown). Johnny shows himself to be an outstanding leader and is made squad leader. He also meets a former high school classmate, "Dizzy" Flores (Dina Meyer), who has requested transfer to Johnny's unit ostensibly because the unit is the toughest but mainly because she's infatuated with Johnny. Over the next few weeks in boot camp, Johnny learns that Carmen is happy with her training and is working with his high school rival, Zander (Patrick Muldoon). Her decision to make the Fleet her career dashes Johnny's dreams as well as the future of his romance with her. Following a training incident in which one of his squad members is killed, Johnny is demoted from squad leader and publicly flogged in accordance with military law. As Johnny is telling his parents via videophone that he is quitting the Infantry the transmission is interrupted. The 'Bugs' have directed an asteroid at Earth, destroying Buenos Aires, killing his parents and most of the population of that city. As a result of this sneak attack, Earth declares war on the 'Bugs' and Johnny, after conferring with Zim and their commanding officer, stays with the Infantry. The Federation's forces mount a large-scale invasion of Klendathu, which becomes an unmitigated disaster due to underestimation of their foes combat abilities and sheer numbers. 'Bug plasma' energy discharges from the surface by huge 'Tanker Bugs' thought to be flame-spewing battle tanks on the surface now turn out to be giant artillery pieces capable of surface-to-space barrages creating massive damage to the Fleet in space. With much of the Fleet in space destroyed or badly damaged, the Mobile Infantry on the surface is cut off from air support and overcome by swarms of thousands of 'Bug' warriors. Over 100,000 troops are killed before a retreat can be performed and several of Johnny's fellow recruits are killed, Johnny himself being severely wounded. Later at the Ticonderoga Battle Station, where the remains of the Fleet dock, Carmen looks up Johnny Rico's name on a computer screen, (it shows 308,563 casualties from the one-day battle, most of them being KIA or MIA). Johnny's squad is almost wiped out and Carmen, due to an error in the casualty list, believes he is dead. In truth, Johnny is in the care of the medical squad and is having the wound in his leg repaired. Federation scientists are baffled by the Bugs' use of military tactics and postulate that there must be a caste of 'Brain Bugs' that serve as generals for the Arachnids. After a few days' relief, Johnny, Dizzy, and fellow squad member Ace Levy (Jake Busey) are re-assigned to the 'Roughnecks', a special unit of Mobile Infantry which is led by Johnny & Dizzy's old high-school teacher, Lieutenant Jean Rasczak (Michael Ironside), a veteran of the First Bug War several years earlier who has been brought out of retirement to lead the group. Back on Earth, a new Sky Marshal revises the campaign, using strikes on other planets in the Klendathu system to learn more about the Arachnids' tactics. After aerial napalm strikes against the planets, Lt. Rasczak's squad lands on Planet 'P' to lead a ground assault. Johnny's leadership and his skill in combat while destroying a tanker bug earn him a field promotion to Corporal. That night, Lt. Raszcak grants the unit rest and relaxation, during which Johnny and Dizzy wind up in bed. A few days later, the Roughnecks are assigned to investigate an outpost on Planet P; they find the garrison killed and learn that the Bugs have sucked out the brains of some of the dead. They find the cowardly Commanding Officer General Owen (Marshall Bell) still alive, rambling about the existence of some kind of leader bug responsible for the massacre. Suddenly, the outpost is ambushed by thousands of warrior bugs, with some tanker and flier bugs in support. Most of the squad is killed, including General Owen, and Lt. Rasczak. Johnny takes command and requests an evacuation ship, which happens to be flown by Carmen and Zander. Dizzy is fatally stabbed by a warrior bug and dies in Johnny's arms. After Dizzy's funeral aboard a starship, Johnny and Carmen are joined by Carl, now a high-ranking colonel in military intelligence. Carl admits that the Roughnecks had been used as bait to test a theory, which angers Johnny, but the theory has proven correct; the existence of 'Brain Bugs' that control much of the Arachnid behaviour. Carl assigns the Roughnecks to search for a 'brain bug' back on Planet P. Carl gives Johnny a promotion to Lieutenant and command of the Roughnecks. As the Roughnecks explore the surface of the planet, the Fleet in space is again fired upon by hundreds of planetary tanker bugs. During the attack the warship 'Rodger Young' on which Carmen is stationed as the pilot, is hit by Arachnid plasma fire. Cutting the ship in two, Carmen and Zander manage to evacuate in an escape pod that crashes deep inside a Bug nest several meters underground. Johnny learns of Carmen's situation and tells the rest of the squad to keep scouring the system of caves they've been patroling, while he, Ace, and Sugar Watkins (Seth Gilliam) search for Carmen in the tunnels. Carl, who has telepathic powers, is able to provide Johnny some guidance through his mind. Eventually they discover Carmen and Zander just as Zander's brain is sucked out by the brain bug leader. Carmen saves herself by injuring the bug with a knife that Zander had handed to her earlier. Watkins, injured, sacrifices himself to wipe out the bug nest with a small nuclear warhead. Johnny, Ace and Carmen arrive on the surface and learn that the brain bug has been caught by the Mobile Infantry, led by former Sergeant Zim, who has been demoted to Private in order to take part in combat. As everyone celebrates, Carl joins Johnny and Carmen on the surface, explaining that they will be able to learn how the Bugs think and can turn the tide of the war. Concluding with another propaganda News Reel, it is shown that Johnny, Ace, and Carmen continue their service in the military as heroes. Prime examples to incoming recruits with Johnny as leader of the 'Roughnecks' and Carmen as Captain of her own ship as the war against the bugs continues. 
 Sleepy Hollow (1999)761) Ichabod Crane is sent to Sleepy Hollow to investigate the decapitations of three people, with the culprit being the legendary apparition, The Headless Horseman. The curse of The Headless Horseman (Christopher Walken) is the legacy of the small town of Sleepy Hollow. Spearheaded by the eager Constable Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) and his new world ways into the quagmire of secrets and murder, secrets once laid to rest, best forgotten and now reawakened, and he too, holding a dark secret of a past once gone. Cinema_Fan In 1799, young Police Detective Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is sent from New York City to a small town called Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of murders. Approached by the town's council, Crane discovers that three of the murders were some of the most notable men in town. The council also says that the murders are the work of a deadly Hessian Horseman (Christopher Walken), whose head has been mysteriously chopped off. With the help from a young sidekick and the beautiful Katrina Van Tassel (Christina Ricci), Crane's investigation takes him further through the dark woods where more murders have been occurring. What Crane does not realize is that the mysterious Horseman is being controlled by someone in a sinister plot to kill the most suitable men in the village. Blazer346 After the head of a Hessian Horseman (Christopher Walken) is stolen, the horseman returns from Hell to take the heads of the people of Sleepy Hallow until its own is returned. Constable Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is called in to investigate three murders. Through his investigation, he learns of the legend of The Headless Horseman, but he doesn't believe that the stories are true, until the horseman takes off the head of one of the elders right in front of his eyes. Now he must race to find out the origins of the horseman in order to send him back to his grave for good. But the question remains, if the head was stolen once, how safe is it? thexotherxchris In the early United States of America, young Police Detective Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) is sent from New York City to the fledgling settlement of Sleepy Hollow to investigate a series of ghoulish murders. Upon his arrival, the town council informs him that the three victims were killed on open ground, and the heads had disappeared, taken by a headless ghost that is supposedly responsible. Ichabod is unconvinced of this, but learns more about the ghostly horseman. It is the ghost of a Hessian sent by the British during the Revolutionary War, and he was caught by Redcoats and decapitated with his own sword. When Ichabod sees the ghost kill one of the town council members, his skepticism evaporates and he soon discovers that the horseman's ghost has an unholy connection to Balthus Van Tassel (Sir Michael Gambon), a wealthy farmer, and with whose daughter Ichabod is falling in love. Derek O'Cain Constable Ichabod Crane (Johnny Depp) of the New York City Police arrives in the small village of Sleepy Hollow in 1799 to solve a mystery of murders. With all the victims found with their heads missing, everybody in Sleepy Hollow is talking about the ghost of The Headless Horseman (Christopher Walken). He is supposedly out in the woods seeking revenge for his murder many years ago. Crane, believing only in logic, refuses to believe the public's theory about the horseman and begins his investigations, only to find his faith shattered when he encounters The Headless Horseman. A magical tale of sense against myth. Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1799, New York City police constable Ichabod Crane is dispatched to the upstate Dutch hamlet of Sleepy Hollow, which has been plagued by a series of brutal decapitations: a wealthy father and son, and a widow. Received by the insular town elders-wealthy businessman Baltus Van Tassel; town doctor Thomas Lancaster; the Reverend Steenwyck; notary James Hardenbrook; and magistrate Samuel Philipse-Ichabod learns that locals believe the killer is the undead apparition of a headless Hessian mercenary from the American Revolutionary War who rides a black steed in search of his missing head. Ichabod begins his investigation, skeptical of the paranormal story. Boarding at the home of Baltus Van Tassel and his wife, Lady Van Tassel, he is taken with Baltus' spiritual daughter, Katrina. When a fourth victim is killed, Ichabod takes the victim's son, Young Masbath, under his wing. Ichabod and Masbath exhume the victims on a tip from Philipse, learning that the widow died pregnant; Ichabod witnesses the Horseman killing Philipse shortly after. He, Young Masbath and Katrina, venture into the Western Woods, where a crone living in a cave reveals the location of the Horseman's grave at the "Tree of the Dead." He digs up the Horseman's grave and discovers the skull has been taken, deducing that it has been stolen by someone who now controls him and that the tree is his portal into the living world. The Horseman then kills the village midwife and her family, as well as Katrina's suitor Brom when he attempts to intervene; Ichabod hypothesizes that the Horseman is attacking select targets linked by a conspiracy. He and Masbath visit Hardenbrook, who reveals that the first victim, Peter Van Garrett, had secretly married the widow, writing a new will that left his estate to her. Ichabod deduces that all the victims (except Brom) are either beneficiaries or witnesses to this new will, and that the Horseman's master is the person who would have otherwise inherited the estate: Baltus, a Van Garrett relative. Katrina, upon discovering the accusation, burns the evidence. Hardenbrook commits suicide, and Steenwyck convenes a town meeting to discredit Ichabod, but Baltus bursts into the assembly at the church, announcing that the Horseman has killed his wife. The Horseman attacks the church, but is unable to enter. In the chaos, the remaining elders turn on and attack each other: Steenwyck and Lancaster are killed, and the Horseman harpoons Baltus through a window, dragging him out of the church and acquiring his head. Initially concluding that Katrina controls the Horseman, Ichabod discovers that her diagram, which he believed summoned the Horseman, is really one of protection, and additionally finds a post-mortem wound on "Lady Van Tassel's" body. Lady Van Tassel, alive and well, then reveals herself to Katrina, and explains her true heritage from an impoverished family evicted years ago by Van Garrett when he favored Baltus and Katrina instead. She swore revenge against Van Garrett and all who had wronged her, pledging herself to Satan if he would raise the Horseman to avenge her, and also to claim the estate uncontested. Manipulating her way into the Van Tassel household, she used fear, blackmail, and lust to draw the other elders into her plot. Having eliminated all other heirs and witnesses - and having killed her sister, the crone, for aiding Ichabod - she summons the Horseman to finish Katrina. Ichabod and Masbath rush to the windmill as the Horseman arrives. After an escape that destroys the windmill and the subsequent chase to the Tree of the Dead, Ichabod throws the Horseman's skull to him. Freed, and with his head restored, the Horseman spares Katrina and attacks Lady Van Tassel, giving her a bloody kiss and returning to Hell with her in tow, fulfilling the deal. His faith restored, Ichabod returns to New York with Katrina and Young Masbath, just in time for the new century. 