nm0004171:

 Assassin (1973)Summaries A government assassin is sent to kill a government official who might be leaking its secrets. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Slade in Flame (1975)Summaries Light the Rock n' Roll spark with a Flame in the guise of Dave, Noddy, Jim and Don and their showcase of the rise and demise of rock band Flame. Light the Rock n' Roll spark with a Flame in the guise of Dave, Noddy, Jim and Don and their showcase of the rise and demise of rock band Flame. Set in the hardships of North England's seventies working class society and music scene. This build-up from rags to riches is a parody of realism and grit, with double-dealings and harsh unforgiving dog eat dog mentalities, and the golden rule; if you play with matches then you're going to get burnt, in the flames of the music industry. Cinema_Fan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hawkeye, the Pathfinder (1973 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Doctor Who (19631989)55) The adventures in time and space of the Doctor, a Time Lord who changes appearance and personality by regenerating when near death, and is joined by companions in battles against aliens and other megalomaniacs. Traveling across time and space, the immortal time-lord known as 'The Doctor' travels across the universe with his many companions and his loyal shape-shifting space-ship: the TARDIS. The Doctor faces many threats across many generations: from the Daleks, the Cybermen and his time-lord adversary the Master to the sinister Davros, creator of the Daleks. Johnny The Doctor is a renegade Time Lord: an eccentric, highly-intelligent scientist from a distant planet. He travels through time and space in the TARDIS, a curious device, larger on the inside than on the outside, which was designed to change its appearance to suit its surroundings. Unfortunately, the Doctor's TARDIS seems to be broken, and always appears as a blue British police box. The Doctor has a soft spot for the planet Earth, and often visits there, either to save it from various alien threats or to whisk a choice few inhabitants away to the distant parts of the galaxy to help him fight evil there. The Doctor has many foes, including Daleks (led by Davros), and the Master, another renegade Time Lord. Time Lord biology enables them to regenerate their bodies, and so both the Doctor and the Master appear to evolve over the years. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> When two school teachers enter a London junkyard one foggy night in 1963 in search of a mysteriously advanced student, they do not suspect that it will be the beginning of an adventure across the infinite reaches of time and space. For there they encounter a crotchety old man who calls himself 'The Doctor', who apparently lives inside an old police telephone box... which is, in fact, an astounding time and space machine larger inside than out, called a TARDIS. Over the course of the series, companions would come and go, the Doctor himself would 'regenerate' into different men at the point of death and develop into a champion of justice and freedom, and numerous evils would arise to challenge him and threaten the universe with domination and destruction, such as the evil pepperpot Daleks and the soulless, emotionless Cybermen. And it would be revealed that the Doctor is a renegade Time Lord, from a world called Gallifrey... or is he? Scott The Doctor is a mysterious time traveler from a distant planet who travels through time and space in the TARDIS (Time And Relative Dimensions In Space). The TARDIS is disguised as a 1960's London police box which is larger on the inside than on the outside. His adventures take him through time and space to other planets and galaxies and any period of time within the history of these planets and galaxies. He has a fondness for Earth and it's inhabitants and has visited there many times at various stages in it's history. His main aim is to fight evil and oppression wherever he finds it. He is usually aided and sometimes hindered in this quest by one or two traveling companions he picks up at various points in his adventures. His greatest foes have been the Daleks, the Cybermen and an evil opposite from his own race called the Master. Steve Lynch It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 