nm0007921:

 Death of a President (2006)Summaries Years after the assassination of President George W. Bush in Chicago, an investigative documentary examines that as-yet-unsolved crime. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hardball (2001)431) An aimless young man who is scalping tickets, gambling, and drinking, agrees to coach a Little League team from the Cabrini Green housing project in Chicago as a condition of getting a loan from a friend. Bright, educated, handsome Conor O'Neill's promising future was wrecked by his gambling addiction, which dragged him into heavy drinking and petty crime, but worst of all, the stifling grip of loan-shark bookies. Desperate for a loan, he agrees to stand in for lawyer friend Jimmy Fleming as coach of a Chicago ghetto Little League baseball team. His sense of pride, becoming the boys' sole idol, and competition, plus their attractive teacher, motivate Conor. But the crushing loan problem rather requires leaving town. KGF Vissers Television actor-turned-director Brian Robbins follows up Varsity Blues (1999) and Ready to Rumble (2000) with another sports comedy. Keanu Reeves stars as Conor O'Neill, an underachiever and inveterate sports gambler who needs a bailout loan from a friend to pay off his mounting debt. As a condition for receiving the necessary funds, Conor is saddled with coaching a corporate-sponsored Little League baseball team for underprivileged youth in Chicago's notorious Cabrini Green housing project. Reluctant at first, Conor slowly begins to enjoy his new authority role, especially when he makes the acquaintance of his players' attractive teacher, Elizabeth Wilkes (Diane Lane). Based on the real-life chronicle Hardball: A Season in the Projects by Outside magazine editor Daniel Coyle. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Connor O'Neill is a gambler who has bet on his dead father's account and is now severely in debt. In order to repay the debt he must coach a baseball team of troubled kids in the ABLA Housing Complex in Chicago. He had decided that once he repaid his debts he would leave the team but soon Connor connects with the kids and finds it harder to leave than he thought. Elizabeth Wilkes is a school teacher that forces the attention of O'Neil away from his pressing problems to the real daunting challenges that nine boys on the team face daily. We see real wealth highlighted by real poverty in Chicago. We see wasted talent in a mentor draw out the potential of young men midst broken lives ABLA. Despite being language challenged this is a story worth being seen by all young men. A modern day Boys town Connor O'Neill is a gambler who has bet on his dead father's account and is now severely in debt. In order to repay the debt he must coach a baseball team of troubled kids in the ABLA Housing Complex in Chicago. He had decided that once he repaid his debts he would leave the team but soon Connor connects with the kids and finds it harder to leave than he thought. Elizabeth Wilkes is a school teacher that forces the attention of O'Neil away from his pressing problems to the real daunting challenges that nine boys on the team face daily. We see real wealth highlighted by real poverty in Chicago. We see wasted talent in a mentor draw out the potential of young men midst broken lives ABLA. Despite being language challenged this is a story worth being seen by all young men. A modern day Boys town? 
 Get Pony Boy (2007)Summaries After Spending years in prison, Pony Boy is finally returning to the world he has missed so much, his old neighborhood. A former gang member, pony is now a changed man and vows never to go back to a life of crime. But, things are different in the "Hood". All of his boys from the old gang have mysteriously disappeared. He now feels out of place in his old surroundings. He finds solace with his childhood friend, C-Note, who offers Pony a place to stay. Desperate to get his life back on track, Pony takes a series of odd jobs to make money. Comedic adventures ensue, as Pony can't quite find his niche in the real world. When he starts delivering pizzas, he encounters a slough of colorful and off the wall customers who provide non-stop laughs. To spice up his life, Pony decides to visit a house of ill repute. The intriguing Sophia, a dark, gothic Madame who controls her "Girls" with an iron fist, greets him. When he meets Mira, he is captivated by her exquisite beauty and falls head-over-heels in love. She explains to Pony that she is being held against her will and wants nothing more than to leave this awful place and start a new life. Pony vows to help her leave the evil Sophia, but, he is unaware that his thrill seeking has led him into a lair of vampires. Pony and C-Note concoct a plan to free Mira and move the couple to Hollywood, far away from Sophia. But, Mira is hiding a terrible secret that may spoil their plans of happiness. When Pony enters a rap contest with a large cash prize, all their dreams seem to soon be coming true. Will the two lovers make it to Hollywood? Or, will Mira's dark secret and the sinister Sophia turn their dreams into nightmares? Find out in this new hilarious comedy. Got a problem? Get Pony Boy! Thomas A. Juarez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 L.A. Heat (19961999)Summaries The action-packed cases of 2 cops, one white one black, in LA. A wisecracking combination, with plenty of action, chases and explosions thrown in for good measure. Cynan Rees <cynanrees@hotmail.com> LA Heat partners Steven Williams as Detective August Brooks and Wolf Larson as Detective Chester "Chase" McDonald. The two L.A.P.D officers may be different as night and day but their styles compliment each other. Brooks, a seasoned detective, is far more experienced than McDonald and often acts as the voice of reason. McDonald, who has been with the police department for seven years, likes the thrill of adrenaline, courting danger and looking for action. LA Heat was a PM Entertainment production, aired in the US on TNT and in over 65 countries internationally. 'Rita J. Runyon' (qv) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 