nm0004800:

 Grey's Anatomy (2005 )Summaries A drama centered on the personal and professional lives of five surgical interns and their supervisors. A medical based drama centered around Meredith Grey, an aspiring surgeon and daughter of one of the best surgeons, Dr. Ellis Grey. Throughout the series, Meredith goes through professional and personal challenges along with fellow surgeons at Seattle Grace Hospital. The doctors of Grey Sloan Memorial Hospital deal with life-or-death consequences on a daily basis -- it's in one another that they find comfort, friendship and, at times, more than friendship. Together they're discovering that neither medicine nor relationships can be defined in black and white. Real life only comes in shades of grey. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Valentine (2001)431) Five women are stalked by an unknown assailant while preparing for Valentine's Day. Valentine's Day 1988: At the school dance, geeky Jeremy Melton bravely faces one rejection after the other when asking four popular girls to dance with him. A fifth girl, plump and insecure, agrees, but they end up making out under the bleachers. When a group of school bullies catches them, the girl claims that Jeremy attacked her. This causes them to strip off his clothes and beat him up in front of the entire school. Flash forward to 2001. We meet the five girls who were in that school gym: Kate, Paige, Shelly, Lily and the formerly plump Dorothy. They are all in their 20's now and trying to sort out their love lives, which is appropriate, since Valentine's Day is coming up. After a disastrous date with a loser, one of the girls, a pre-med student, is murdered by a Cherub-mask wearing killer who sent her a death threat in the form of a Valentine card prior to the attack. After the four remaining girls are reunited at her funeral, they all start receiving threatening cards and messages. At first they don't know who would want to hurt them, but eventually they figure that maybe Jeremy is responsible. Police records show that Jeremy has completely disappeared, so no one knows what he looks like. Could the formerly nerdish Jeremy have had plastic surgery and turned into one of the girls' handsome boyfriends? Who ever it is, the lone survivor has to put a stop to this spurned individual's murder spree before she, too, becomes a valentine to die for. Tertius Saayman <tsaayman@hotmail.com> It is the late 1980's. At a high school dance, young nerdish-looking Jeremy Melton is spurned & insulted by every girl he asks to dance, except one named Dorothy. Later they start making out under the bleachers until a group of bullies discover them, and Dorothy says Jeremy attacked her. The boys further humiliate Jeremy by violently assaulting him & pulling off his clothes. About 12 years later, those same girls are in their twenties and enjoying the dating scene. But Jeremy has mysteriously disappeared. After one of the girls, Shelley has a date with an arrogant loser, she is savagely murdered in her medical school's anatomy lab by a tall, sinister man dressed in a dark coat and wearing a cherub mask. Just before her death, Shelley received a threatening Valentine's Day card. The other girls soon start receiving similar cards shortly after, and one at a time, they start dying violently. When police inform them that Jeremy Melton has not been seen or heard from for many years, Dorothy speculates that he may have had plastic surgery and worked out to change his appearance. Kate has recently found herself a new boyfriend but Dorothy suspects he may in fact be Jeremy, using his new look to get close to the girls who spurned him so many years before...and seeking revenge... Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in 1988 at a Valentine's Day dance at Robert Kennedy Middle School in San Francisco. Jeremy Melton (Joel Palmer), a nerdy-looking young boy, asks four girls to dance with him: Shelley Fisher, Lily Voight, Paige Prescott, and Kate Davies; each turns him down, with the first three harshly: "In your dreams, loser!" (Shelley), "Eww!" (Lily), "I'd rather be boiled alive" (Paige). Kate however rejects him more politely "Maybe later, Jeremy". Giving up, Jeremy turns his attention to another, heavy set girl, Dorothy Wheeler. Dorothy invites him under the bleachers with her and they begin to kiss. However, a gang of bullies show up, led by Joe Tulga; Dorothy calls Jeremy "pervert", claiming that Jeremy sexually assaulted her. The bullies then pour punch on him, chase him under the bleachers, strip him to his underwear, and beat him in front of the crowd of students, who laugh at him, with Jeremy affixing Dorothy with a look of fury as his nose bleeds. Present day, Los Angeles. Shelley (Katherine Heigl), now a medical student at UCLA, is on a date with Jason Marquette (Adam Harrington), an egotistical yuppie. Shelley is already regretting the date and eventually checks out of it to go to the morgue and study for an exam the next day. After being surprised by a fellow student, Shelly finds a Valentine addressed to her, signed "J.M."; the Valentine reads "The journey of love is an arduous trek. My love grows for you as you bleed from your neck." Returning to her cadaver, Shelley is attacked by an assailant wearing a black coat and Cupid mask, who is armed with a knife; finding herself trapped inside the morgue, Shelley is forced to flee into a room full of other cadavers. The assailant follows her inside and starts stabbing the other cadavers to check if she's inside. Eventually, Shelley is found and the assailant cuts her throat, his nose bleeding from the hole in his mask. San Francisco. Kate (Marley Shelton) and Paige (Denise Richards) are walking into a turbo-dating session for Kate, discussing Kate's boyfriend Adam, who suffers from a drinking problem. The turbo-dating session goes just as well as Shelley's date, though Paige gets some action by introducing herself to one of the last guys, named Brian (Woody Jeffreys). Kate receives a call about Shelley's murder. The scene cuts to Shelley's funeral, where we meet the last two members of the girl posse, now grown up: Lily (Jessica Cauffiel) and Dorothy (Jessica Capshaw). The gals are questioned by Detective Vaughn (Fulvio Cecere), who asks them about Shelley, but they hadn't seen her for a year. Another attendee is Adam (David Boreanaz), who reunites with Kate. Returning home from the funeral, Dorothy finds that she's received a Valentine. This one, signed J.M., has a similar message to the one Shelley received: "Roses are red, violets are blue, they'll need dental records to identify you". Dorothy's boyfriend Campbell (Daniel Cosgrove) arrives, saying that he needs a place to stay after his roommate didn't pay the rent, so Dorothy allows him to stay at her house. Dorothy's stepmother Kim (Benita Ha) asks her about Campbell, causing an argument between the two of them before it's broken up by Dorothy's father. Meanwhile, Kate is showering in her apartment when the water runs out, forcing her to rinse her hair in the toilet. After calling the landlord to ask him to fix the water, Kate is lured out into the hallway, where she finds a Cupid mask similar to the one worn by Shelley's killer, and encounters her neighbor Gary (Claude Duhamel). Gary, who mainly speaks in rhyme, asks Kate for a date, completely oblivious to her discomfort around him. Paige and Lily are reviewing a video date sent by a guy named Lance when the doorbell rings. When there's nobody at the door, Paige assumes it's Lance because he's short enough to not clear a peephole. However, there is a box of chocolates on the doorstep with a Valentine from J.M. attached; this one reads " 'tis a well-known fact that beauty is skin deep. Savor the taste, you are what you eat." Lily bites one of the chocolates only to find that they're full of maggots, dropping the entire box in horror. Paige and Lily then try to figure out who "J.M." is, going through various men with those initials before deciding on Jeremy Melton, making fun of his appearance and glibly remarking about how mean they were to him. That evening, Kate, Paige, Dorothy, and Campbell go to a photo art exhibit hosted by Lily's boyfriend Max (Johnny Whitworth), who seems to be interested in Kate. The exhibit consists of a series of maze-like passageways with shifting portrayals of love, with Kate referring to the exhibit as a lingerie commercial. Lily and Max start to make out in a quiet corner, but are interrupted by Max's assistant Amy, looking to join in. A furious Lily attempts to storm out, but gets lost in the maze. As she rounds a corner, she is shot in the stomach with an arrow. The Cupid-masked killer has arrived, and he lines up another shot and fires, this one causing Lily to stagger through a door overlooking a long staircase. The Cupid killer, nose bleeding, fires a final arrow; this one knocks Lily over the railing and she falls 10 stories down into a dumpster, whose lid closes on her. At the entrance to the exhibit, Campbell is confronted by Ruthie (Hedy Burress), who accuses Campbell of scamming her. As the group leaves, Ruthie tells Dorothy "Watch your back, leech". Sometime later, Kate and Adam are sitting in a bar, drinking club sodas. Kate tells Adam that strange things have been happening, referring to the Cupid mask, Campbell being confronted by Ruthie, and Gary leering at her whenever they're in the same room together. Adam asks for another chance, and Kate admits her apprehensions, particularly regarding what happens when he gets drunk. The next morning, Kate, Dorothy and Paige are questioned again by Detective Vaughn, who asks about Lily; Paige replies that Lily is out of town. Vaughn shows the gals a remembrance card sent to Shelley's parents. Inside is a simple message: "Too bad, so sad." This one is signed: Jeremy Melton. When Vaughn chastises them about sending him on a wild-goose chase after Jason Marquette, Paige says she thought the chocolates were a joke and Dorothy and Paige repeat the lie about Jeremy assaulting Dorothy. After meeting with Vaughn, Dorothy admits that she lied to the authorities about Jeremy assaulting her, and that she framed him because she couldn't handle the bullies showing up, citing how fat she was in middle school. While Kate is shocked by what Dorothy had done, Paige tells Dorothy not to worry, stating "Jeremy Melton couldn't manage a water fountain without screwing up. I don't think he's capable of an intricate revenge plot." At her office, Kate does some digging, learning about the original report when she is surprised by Adam. The two of them have dinner and Kate, who tells Adam about Jeremy Melton, offers Adam to come up to her apartment, but he declines, saying he doesn't want to do something he regrets. The next morning, the gals reveal Dorothy's lie to Vaughn and a few more details are filled in: Jeremy was sent to reform school, juvenile hall a year later, and a state-run mental hospital six months after that; Vaughn remarks that they "did a number on him". His parents also died in a fire a couple years before. Vaughn then shows the gals some age-progression software, showing what Jeremy might look like in the present day, since he's been off the grid for a while, with Vaughn throwing in the possibility of plastic surgery. Vaughn then questions them about their significant others; Paige says she doesn't have one, Kate talks about Adam; they met at the same newspaper firm where Adam's a beat writer for the San Francisco Giants, his parents are from Seattle. Dorothy says that Campbell is an internet entrepreneur who she met via yoga class. However, she doesn't know his last name, causing a small argument between her and Paige over who's more careless with men. Dorothy storms out and Kate follows. Vaughn makes Paige stay behind, whom he proceeds to sexually harass before Paige is able to leave. Meanwhile, the Cupid killer sneaks into Kate's apartment building. Entering her apartment, he picks up an iron and finds Gary inside, trying on Kate's underwear. Gary tries to explain that he's "not well", but that doesn't stop the Cupid killer, who strikes Gary in the face with the iron, then burns his face and proceeds to beat Gary to death. Adam shows up at Kate's building, mentions to Kate that he was picked up and questioned by Vaughn, and the two exchange Valentine's Day gifts; an I.O.U. and a heart-shaped lollipop. Kate finds Paige waiting in her apartment (after nearly clobbering Paige with the iron), and after Paige complains about Vaughn, the two of them sit in on a call with Dorothy and Vaughn; Vaughn tells them he's picked up Marquette for questioning, told Campbell to stay put for a few days, and to not go anywhere alone. Dorothy is planning a Valentine's Day party at her mansion. That morning, Campbell and Dorothy exchange gifts; Campbell receives a watch and Dorothy a cupid necklace. Campbell then takes a phone call where it's revealed that Campbell is a con man who wants money to Dorothy's father's accounts; Dorothy then asks Campbell to fix the pilot light. As Campbell works on the pilot light, he is stalked by the Cupid killer, with Campbell finishing his work just before the killer buries an ax in his back, killing him. That evening, Kate brings Adam and Paige brings Brian to Dorothy's party. Dorothy however is in a funk since Campbell is nowhere to be found and she assumes she's being dumped. Brian and Paige go upstairs, but Paige, finding Brian not to her liking, tricks Brian into taking his clothes off first, ties him up and blindfolds him, and pours wax on his penis because he asked her to "wax it", then leaves, with Brian still tied down on the bed. Meanwhile, Ruthie is also at the party and she tries to confront Dorothy, who is wearing her necklace, but is shown out by Kate and Paige. Paige decides she's done for the evening and goes for a dip in the hot tub while Max flirts with Kate, revealing that Lily didn't make it to L.A. and she's been missing for a week, meaning that she's probably dead and that Jeremy might strike at the party. Ruthie, now wandering around the house, winds up in a billiard room. The Cupid killer is there as well, having just finished killing Dorothy's housekeeper Millie. When the killer advances on her, Ruthie knocks him down with a pool cue and tries to run for it, finding Campbell's corpse in a sauna. She attempts to hide in a shower room, but the killer finds her, throws her through a shower door, and impales her head on a shard of glass on the floor. Kate calls Vaughn to tell him that Lily's probably dead; Vaughn reveals that Marquette is clean and that he's on the way to the party. Adam meanwhile has started to hit the drinks table. Kate is furious and tells him to get away from her despite his protestations. Paige meanwhile is relaxing in the hot tub with a bottle of wine when she finds a rose waiting for her at the edge of the tub. When she goes to investigate, asking if the mystery man wants to be her Valentine, the killer appears again, first throttling her, then throwing her into the hot tub and locking it shut. Picking up a power drill, the killer stabs at Paige with the drill, eventually catching her in the shoulder before opening the lid and throwing the drill inside, electrocuting her. The surge of electricity causes the power to go out at the mansion, so everyone leaves except for Kate and Dorothy. Kate and Dorothy start to accuse each other's boyfriends of being the killer, that either one could have had plastic surgery as a disguise, along with some trips to the gym. Dorothy finally snaps and pours out all her resentment over being the loser of the group when it came to men, that she was "always the fat one" before storming off. Kate calls Vaughn again, but hears his voicemail at the house, following the ringtone over to a pond where she finds his decapitated head. After a scream is heard, Adam shows up and he and Kate have a slow dance, with Adam, now sounding more hammered, saying that Kate's the only good thing in his life. A frightened Kate knees Adam in the groin and flees, finding Paige and Ruthie's corpses. Adam follows her, asking her why she wants to hurt him. Telling Adam to stay away from her, Kate strikes him over the head with a bottle and this time grabs a pistol from a locker. As she makes her way upstairs, gun in hand, the Cupid killer jumps out and tackles Kate down the stairs. As both of them come to, Adam reappears with Kate's pistol and guns down the killer. As Kate apologizes, Adam removes the Cupid mask to reveal Dorothy. After Adam calls the cops, Kate is in shock, admitting she doesn't understand why Dorothy would murder all those people. Adam replies that he believes that Dorothy was so lonely and angry that despite the friends she had, how happy she seemed, the anger and resentment she felt never left until she decided to do something about it. The two of them say that they love each other and share a hug. As they sit, blood starts to drip onto Kate's cheek and the camera pans up to Adam, whose nose is bleeding, revealing that Adam was really Jeremy Melton and just got away with committing multiple murders by framing Dorothy for his crimes like she did all those years ago. 
 Minority Report (2002)761) In a future where a special police unit is able to arrest murderers before they commit their crimes, an officer from that unit is himself accused of a future murder. In the year 2054 A.D. crime is virtually eliminated from Washington D.C. thanks to an elite law enforcing squad "Precrime". They use three gifted humans (called "Pre-Cogs") with special powers to see into the future and predict crimes beforehand. John Anderton heads Precrime and believes the system's flawlessness steadfastly. However one day the Pre-Cogs predict that Anderton will commit a murder himself in the next 36 hours. Worse, Anderton doesn't even know the victim. He decides to get to the mystery's core by finding out the 'minority report' which means the prediction of the female Pre-Cog Agatha that "might" tell a different story and prove Anderton innocent. Soumitra It is the near future, a future where murders have become so common, that a system had to be established. This system is called "Precrime", where 3 psychics can predict murders before they happen. Allowing police to stop the murders. This system is in production in Washington D.C. Where police officer John Anderton (who lost his son to a murder 6 years previous) has stopped numerous murders in his career. One day, he found out that he is the next person to commit a murder. Now, he is running away from a system he helped become successful, and trying to find out why he was set up to commit murder. John Wiggins With the extraordinary ability to foresee and, therefore, stop crimes before they can take place, founder Lamar Burgess' experimental but highly effective Pre-Crime Division has managed to push the murder rate to zero. Indeed, with the aid of the indispensable Pre-cognitives, a trio of humans with acute extrasensory abilities under government custody, there hasn't been a single crime in 2054 Washington DC for the past six years; however, of all people, Burgess' right-hand man, Captain John Anderton, seems to be a pre-criminal. Now, on the run from the law for a homicide he is yet to commit in less than thirty-six hours, Detective Anderton has to use every trick in the book to prove his innocence, and clear his name. But, in Burgess' state-of-the-art system, there is no such thing as a mistake. Nevertheless, could the psychic triad be wrong? Nick Riganas In 2054, the PreCrime Police Department commanded by Chief John Anderton reduces the crime rates in the violent Washington to zero, using a system based on three humans called Precogs designed by Dr. Iris Hineman to the company owned by Director Lamar Burgess. Anderton is addicted in drugs since her lost his son in a swimming pool and separated from his wife Lara Lara Clarke and was recruited by Burgess to run the department. The Precogs are mutants led by Agatha and capable to foresee crimes in the near future. The agent from the Department of Justice Danny Witwer comes to PreCrime to audit the system and out of the blue, the PreCogs predict that Anderton will commit a murder. He flees and becomes a fugitive while he tries to prove that he is innocent. But is the system fallible? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It is the year 2054 - Washington D.C. - dreams can be recreated through computers, computer monitors and displays are transformed into holograms, and identification is done through eye-scanning. John Anderton lost his son, and to prevent horrible events from occurring to other individuals he joins a unit known as "Pre-Crime" - where murderers are arrested before they can commit the murder. How does Pre-Crime work? Through 3 people known as "precogs". They are 3 psychics used to see the future and they see murders exactly the way they will occur. Through advanced technology, Pre-Crime officers are able to see what the precogs see, and they analyze the data, identify the perpetrator and victim, and try their best to stop the murder from occurring. The perpetrator is put into a sleep state with a device called a "halo". John Anderton gets accused of murdering a man he has never even met, causing him to run from Pre-Crime and prove his innocence. Demijan Omeragic "Nuh" Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 2054, crime in the United States (and murder in particular) is at an all-time high. In an effort to contain the violence, the Metropolitan Police Department of Washington DC have founded a new task force called PreCrime, allowing a specially-assigned unit to proactively stop murders before they can even be committed. Their means of doing so is through "PreCogs" (short for "pre-cognitives"), three mentally-altered humans who are capable of seeing the future. When the PreCogs sense that a murder is going to be committed, an automated system processes two painted wooden balls: one with the name of the perpetrator(s) engraved into it, and one with the name of the victim(s) engraved into it (the shape and grain of each ball is unique, rendering the system fully tamper-proof). The color of the ball is indicative of what kind of murder is going to happen: a brown ball indicates a premeditated murder, which the PreCogs can predict up to four days before it is committed. A red ball indicates a crime of passion, which, due to the lack of premeditation, cannot be seen until often no less than an hour before it will be committed. The only three things that the PreCogs can predict are the victim or victims, the perpetrator, the exact date and time of the crime, and the exact sequence of events that lead up to the crime. As they cannot pinpoint the location of the crime, the PreCrime task force led by John Anderton (Tom Cruise), must perform a meticulous process called "scrubbing", where they process the images produced from the PreCogs' visions in order to locate telltale clues and thus narrow down the location. Once they are certain of the location, the team flies off in a special aircraft to thwart the crime. They then secure the culprit by "haloing" them (a device placed around his head that renders them fully incapacitated). The movie opens with Anderton's team catching an early morning Red Ball case. The perpetrator is going to be a male in his 40s named Howard Marks, who in exactly 24 minutes is going to catch his wife Sarah in bed with another man named Donald Dubin. Upon finding them together, Howard will stab them both to death with a pair of scissors. Anderton scrubs through the images, while also having to deal with the arrival of Danny Witwer (Colin Farrell), a Justice Department official who's been sent to audit the PreCrime system before a Congressional vote on whether or not to take the system nationwide. One of Anderton's colleagues named Fletcher, explains to Witwer the basic workings of the system as Anderton continues analyzing the vision. John soon narrows down the location, and joins a number of PreCrime officers going to the location, leaving Witwer back at PreCrime headquarters. With mere seconds to go, Anderton and his colleagues find the residence, and stop Howard before the PreCog's vision can come to pass. Howard is identified by iris scan, and is promptly arrested and "haloed", while his wife and her lover are immediately given counseling by a trauma response unit. After the suspect has been apprehended, the murder reappears on the displays back at headquarters. Witwer sees these and questions one of the technicians about this, and is informed that sometimes after a crime that has been stopped, the PreCogs have these "echo" images pass through their minds, before they are deleted from the system. That evening, Anderton reminisces over home movies of his ex-wife Lara (Kathryn Morris) and the couple's missing six-year-old son, who disappeared several years before at a public swimming pool. Anderton is also shown to have an addiction to an illegal inhaled hallucinogen called Neuroin (New Heroin). The next morning, Witwer's official tour of the PreCrime headquarters begins. Throughout the tour, Witwer points out there are potential questions about the ethics of the PreCogs. Anderton and his colleagues explain that the system is designed in a way to be practically foolproof, due to the nature of premeditation and the fact that the PreCogs see what the killer will do, not what they intend to do (this is why they don't get false alarms caused by people who contemplate murdering someone but will never actually go through with it). At Witwer's insistence, Anderton takes him into the chamber in which the PreCogs are kept semiconscious in a pool of fluid similar to amniotic fluid and are wired to the PreCrime computer system. Though he is somewhat impressed by what he has seen, and even with the absence of murders in D.C. since the program started, Witwer is still convinced that the program is not flawless. After Witwer has gone, the PreCog Agatha (Samantha Morton) snaps fully awake, and images of a woman being murdered play across the chambers video screens. Curious as to these images, Anderton goes down to Containment, where numerous other haloed Precrime assailants are kept. With the aid of a supervisor named Gideon (Tim Blake Nelson), Anderton finds the assailant who was in Agatha's Previs, though he is classified as a John Doe, due to him having swapped out his eyes for someone else's, to fool the identification sensors. Gideon attempts to pull up more information on the case, but finds that of the three precogs, Agatha's Previs is missing. As well, information on where the supposed victim named Ann Lively is, is also missing. The only information that the computer has on her, is that she was a single mother, who was also a Neuroin addict, but records indicate she went to a rehabilitation clinic to treat her habit. Anderton reports his findings to Precrime Director Lamar Burgess (Max von Sydow), who suggests that he let the matter drop. Turning his attention towards the thought that when Precrime goes nationwide, they need to find a way to protect it from larger interests. Anderton assures his mentor that he won't let that happen. Upon returning to his office, Anderton is alerted to a premeditated murder that is to take place in 36 hours. The victim has already been identified as Leo Crow, but the perpetrator's identity is still a mystery. As he begins to review the information, Anderton is shaken when he soon finds out that he is the perpetrator! Anderton attempts to get out of the building before this revelation reaches his colleagues, but encounters Witwer in the elevator, leading John to think that Witwer is setting him up. However, an alarm in the building sounds, and Anderton rushes from the elevator, and out of the building. It isn't long before PreCrime officers find John. He manages to escape from them, but then is found by Witwer and some officers. The chase leads the group into an automated auto assembly plant, where Anderton survives, and escapes in a newly-built car. He makes his way to the residence of Dr. Iris Hineman (Lois Smith), whose research laid the groundwork for the Precrime program, upon finding out that some children of Neuroin addicts, soon developed the ability to see future murders. Quite eccentric but still coherent, Hineman explains that the three precogs do not always agree on their visions of the future; when this happens, the one that deviates the most from the others is typically ignored. In order to establish his innocence, Anderton must determine if he has a "minority report" that will clear his name. Anderton is puzzled as to which of the precogs would generate a minority report, and Hineman tells him its the "most talented" of the three: Agatha. Since everyone is subjected to iris scans wherever they go, Anderton undergoes an eye transplant at the hands of a shady doctor. The doctor is actually one of John's past cases, whom he busted for performing questionable surgery, however, the doctor performs the procedure anyway, leaving John alone to recover. While recovering after the surgery, he dreams about the day his son was abducted from a swimming pool, and awakens to find the Precrime team searching the building for him. Small robotic eye scanners known as "spiders" are sent into the rooms; one of them finds Anderton and scans his iris, but the surgery has succeeded and he is not recognized. Returning to the Precrime offices in disguise, Anderton removes Agatha from the precogs chamber, disrupting the trio's hive mind that makes the system work. He takes her to a hacker friend of his, who successfully extracts her vision of Crow's murder for Anderton to see. However, the vision does not deviate from what he saw previously, and Anderton realizes that he doesn't have a minority report. Suddenly, Agatha begins to have a seizure, and the image of Ann Lively being drowned is seen again. As Anderton watches the vision, his friend alerts him to Precrime officers in their vicinity. Agatha and Anderton narrowly escape Anderton's team, by making use of strategic information provided by Agatha, who is able to predict the immediate future. Anderton tracks down Crow's address and gains entry to his apartment. Crow is not present, but he finds a pile of photographs of children, including his missing son. Anderton realizes that there is no minority report in his case and he is now going to kill Crow, whom he now blames for the kidnapping. When Crow enters, Anderton assaults him to extract a confession as Agatha pleads with Anderton not to commit this murder. Anderton is blind to her pleas and is intending to kill Crow, until the timer on his watch goes off... the time when the murder is supposed to take place. Anderton relents, and begins to read Crow his Miranda rights. Crow reveals that the photographs are doctored and were given to him to leave in the apartment in order to set up this very confrontation. His family has been promised a cash payoff only if Anderton kills him; to force this outcome, Crow grabs Anderton's gun hand, aims the weapon at himself, and pulls the trigger. After Anderton and Agatha flee, Witwer and the Precrime team arrive to investigate the crime scene. Witwer is skeptical about the "orgy of evidence" that was left behind and later discusses his misgiving with Burgess, bringing up the Lively case as well. He now has all three precogs records of that murder, but slight differences between them lead him to deduce what really happened that day. Witwer shows Burgess the previsions from containment, but then reveals Agatha's which was not on file. Agatha's vision shows a very big difference, leading Witwer to postulate that the crime against Anne Lively took place at two different times. When Burgess questions Witwer, the young man posits his theory: Ann Lively's potential killer was arrested based on the matching visions of Arthur and Dashiell, but after Precrime had taken the man away, a second person (dressed to look identical the potential killer), arrived and killed her in exactly the same manner. The similarity of the incidents would simply lead the precog techs to assume the act Agatha witnessed was an 'echo' vision, and therefore, disregard it. Witwer suggests that only a member of Precrime could have the skill to manipulate the system in this way, whereupon Burgess, revealing himself as the true architect of John's framing, shoots and kills Witwer, knowing that the other precogs are unable to foresee this murder with Agatha gone. Shortly after the murder, Lara calls Burgess to tell him that John and Agatha are staying with her. As she relaxes in the calm surroundings of Lara's home, Agatha shares with John and Lara a vision of what might have been had their son lived. During this time, John has been thinking about Anne Lively, and deduces that she is Agatha's mother. However, PreCrime soon swarms the house, and John is halo'ed and Agatha is returned to the PreCogs chamber. Burgess later meets with Lara to comfort her, before he is to attend a ceremony in anticipation of the nationwide PreCrime roll-out. During this time, Lara brings up Ann Lively, which Burgess claims he has no knowledge of. However, he claims he'll go to the containment chamber and inquire to Gideon if anyone drowned a woman by that name. His mentioning of the cause of death (which she didn't reveal to Burgess), then makes Lara suspicious. Realizing Burgess is lying, Lara rushes back to precog headquarters and forces Gideon to release Anderton. Once he's out, Anderton calls Burgess to reveal he's figured out his whole murderous modus operandi. Of the three PreCogs, Agatha was the strongest, and enabled much of the program to continue. However, her mother Ann Lively, got over her Neuroin addiction, and wanted her daughter back. Knowing this would sideline the program, Lamarr arranged for the John Doe Anderton saw in containment, to attempt the murder. Once PreCrime had apprehended the 'suspect,' Burgess appeared to Ann, and donning a disguise similar to the suspect's, killed Ann in the way the PreCogs saw. But, given that PreCrime had apprehended a suspect, it was assumed Agatha's vision of her mother's death was little more than an 'echo.' Thus, the vision was deleted, and Ann Lively just became another 'missing person.' As Lamarr and John continue to talk, a new red ball murder is detected by the precogs, with Anderton as victim and Burgess as perpetrator. Realizing that Anderton must be somewhere nearby, Burgess takes an antique revolver given to him as a gift and searches for him. When the two men come face to face, Anderton points out that Lamarr is in a Catch-22: if Burgess kills him, he will prove that Precrime works, but will go to prison for life. If he doesn't shoot, the Precrime system is proven to be unreliable. Burgess resolves the dilemma with a third option: killing himself. With the Precrime program having been found to be subject to manipulation and thus flawed, it is quickly abandoned. All criminals imprisoned under it are granted immediate pardons and are released from prison, though local police departments keep watch on many of them for years. Anderton reconciles with Lara, now pregnant with their second child, and the precogs are moved to an unnamed remote location where they can live in peace. 
 Holidate (2020)Summaries Fed up with being single on holidays, two strangers agree to be each other's platonic plus-ones all year long, only to catch real feelings along the way. Randomly meeting at a store return counter introduces Sloane to Jackson. Both tired of nightmare dates (him) and meddling family (her) during the holidays, they strike an arrangement, whereby they meet as a couple only during the holidays to make life at the very least tolerable. Slowly, so slowly, while scoffing at the cliches of romance (and to their surprise), their relationship grows into something deeper. statmanjeff It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 