nm0004972:

 Blossom (19901995)Summaries A teenage girl living in a house run by men dreams what life would be like if she lived in a more conventional family. This teenage sitcom is named after its main character, likable schoolgirl Blossom Russo. It centers around her life at school and at home, where she lives with her single father, charming musician Nick Russo, who tries hard to be an exemplary parent, and her two elder brothers, the cool Anthony, the eldest, and sweet but rather weak and naive Joey. Her best friend, Six LeMeure, who is educationally neglected at her home and thus is almost always around at the Russos as well as at school, is the voice of mischief and thus often her partner in crime. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nothing to Lose (1997)Summaries Nick's wife's in bed with his boss. He later gets a gun to his head by a carjacker but steps on the gas pedal. They end up friends after adventures together - holdups, burglary, reckless driving, revenge etc. Twists follow. When a man (Robbins) believes he has discovered that his wife is having an affair with his boss, it sets off a chain reaction of events. First he wanders into a ghetto where a robber (Lawrence) tries to take his money at gunpoint, but instead sets a wild ride from California to Arizona. The two eventually become reluctant friends. Discussing robbery techniques, they decide to get back at the boss by robbing an office safe containing hundreds of thousands of dollars. Life is further complicated by another pair of robbers who chase the first two for infringing on their territory. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Providence (19992002)Summaries Successful Hollywood plastic surgeon Sydney Hansen returns home to Providence, Rhode Island to try to keep her dysfunctional family together with the help of her mother's friendly ghost. She also finds work with the local free clinic. Dr. Sydney Hansen, a successful plastic surgeon in Hollywood, California, quits her private practice and returns to her hometown in Providence, Rhode Island after the sudden death of her controlling, demanding mother Lynda, in order to keep her dysfunctional family together with a little help and advice from Lynda who gives advice from beyond the grave in helping Sydney deal with her new career as a doctor for the local free clinic and dealing with her distracted veterinarian father Jim, her mixed-up sister Joanie, and younger brother Robbie, a small-time hustler. Matthew Patay Providence, Rhode Island, is the Hansen home city, where widowed father Jim practices as a veterinarian and over the years raised three now (nearly) adult kids after their beloved mother Linda's death, none of which left the city. Playfull Robbie has a golden heart but all too often gets himself into all kinds of trouble by impulsive plans, for (elusive) profit or to help almost anyone. Syd, the eldest, is devoted to her medical calling with a heart for her patients, abandoning a lucrative plastic surgery career to run St. Clare clinic for the poor and accepting teaching positions, but haunted by her demanding mother Linda and often too hard on herself and her lovers. Younger, flippant sister Joanie may attract great lovers, it never works out long-term through her own fault, including a failed marriage to the father of Hannah, so Robbie beats her to the altar with preteen Pete's divorced mother. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 ABC Afterschool Specials (19721997)Summaries "ABC Afterschool Specials" were occasional educational shows broadcast in the afternoon. Each episode was produced by a different company. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 