nm0011744:

 Formula 51 (2001)321) An American master chemist plans to score big on a once in a lifetime drug deal. All does not go as planned and he is soon entangled in a web of deceit. Elmo McElroy is a streetwise American master chemist who heads to England to sell his special new formula - a powerful, blue concoction guaranteed to take you to 'the 51st state.' McElroy's new product delivers a feeling 51 times more powerful than any thrill, any pleasure, any high in history. But his plans for a quick, profitable score go comically awry when he gets stuck in Liverpool with an unlikely escort and his ex-girlfriend and becomes entangled in a bizarre web of double-dealing and double-crosses. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Elmo McElroy has been an underground chemist for 30 years, recently working for the drug lord The Lizard. Elmo has discovered a formula to make a drug 51 times more potent then any other and made up of all legal substances. When The Lizard Shows up with his partners to work out the sale, Elmo has rigged his warehouse to blow while he takes off to Liverpool with his formula in tow. The Lizard survives the explosion and hires Dakota, a hired gun, to go after Elmo. In England Elmo is met by Felix Desouza, an avid soccer fan and Elmo's contact responsible for bringing him to Felix's boss who si planning to buy the new drug. Dakota Attacks the meet, killing everyone except Elmo and Felix. The Lizard now whats Elmo alive, and Felix? well Dakota and Felix just might have a history together. Elmo and Felix escape from the meet, run into a gang of hooligans also looking to get the drug and get in a car chase with the police including crooked cop Virgil Kane. The two catch their breath by jumping their car onto a trash barge, where they see Dakota watching them spurring Felix into admitting she is his ex-girlfriend. Elmo deals with Felix to pay him 5% of what he sells his formula for if Felix can arrange a sale, leading them to Iki. Iki is an eccentric crime boss, who knows Felix and Dakota from back in the day, and agrees to meet Elmo and discuss the deal. At Iki's night club, Virgil Kane and the police break up the sale arresting Felix and Iki while Dakota escapes with Elmo her prisoner. She is to bring Elmo to the Lizard Alive. Elmo makes her a better deal, persuading her to shake off the Lizards influence and giving her a cut of his formula sale. Meanwhile Felix gets pressured into dealing with Kane to bust all the players and make off with the drug himself. Iki is released with Felix and they arrange to make the sale with Elmo at the big Liverpool vs Manchester soccer game. Felix and Dakota reignite their feelings and have some fun in the bathtub. Soon after, Elmo, Felix and Dakota arrive At Iki's viewing room at the stadium. Iki hands over the money, in bonds, for Elmo's formula while Elmo mixes drinks for them. Suddenly the Lizard arrives, still thinking Dakota is working for him, and toasts with Iki to creating a partnership. They drink what Elmo mixed and the Lizard then kills Iki. He's about to kill the others when Virgil Kane now arrives, thanks to Felix's tip, just in time for the chemicals in the drink Elmo made to react and cause the Lizard to explode messily. Elmo, Felix and Dakota, take cover behind an umbrella, grab the bonds and casually make their way part the stunned Kane and out into the world all free people. 
 Geezas (2011)Summaries Dodger is sent to Los Angeles by his London Gangster father to retrieve his baby sister and the cash she ran away with. Things don't go as planned, putting Dodger and his new crew (Eddie, a hipster bookie and Jones, an underground boxer) in the sights of Latino Gangbangers and West Hollywood's notorious Gay Mafia. Mark Jackson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Snatch (2000)431) Unscrupulous boxing promoters, violent bookmakers, a Russian gangster, incompetent amateur robbers and supposedly Jewish jewelers fight to track down a priceless stolen diamond. Turkish and his close friend/accomplice Tommy get pulled into the world of match fixing by the notorious Brick Top. Things get complicated when the boxer they had lined up gets badly beaten by Mickey, who comes into the equation after Turkish, an unlicensed boxing promoter wants to buy a caravan off of Travellers. They then try to convince Mickey not only to fight for them, but to lose for them too. Whilst all this is going on, a huge diamond heist takes place, and a fistful of motley characters enter the story, including 'Cousin Avi', 'Boris The Blade', 'Franky Four Fingers' and 'Bullet Tooth Tony'. Things go from bad to worse as it all becomes about the money, the guns, and the damned dog. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Turkish, an unlicenced boxing promoter is pulled into trouble when he becomes involved in big time criminal Brick Top, who wants him to arrange a fight and fix it. Meanwhile, a diamond theft goes down but the 84 karat stone goes missing. This leads Avi, the boss who was supposed to receive the stone, to come to England to search for it, with the help of his cousin, Doug The Head and Bullet Tooth Tony. As events twist and turn, the two situations blend into one with a chain reaction of events carrying on for each and every character. ~^~X~^~ Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens as we see boxing promoter Turkish (Jason Statham) and his naive partner Tommy (Stephen Graham), sitting nervously before an unseen man, in London. Turkish gives a brief narration about the circumstances, then the movie really takes off. We then jump to Antwerp, where gangster and compulsive gambler Frankie Four Fingers (Benicio Del Toro) and his buddies, dressed like rabbis, pull off a daring robbery and nab an 86-karat diamond (throughout the rest of the film, it's either 86-karat or 84-karat, depending on which character states it, or it loses value after going through so many hands). One of Frankie's men is the brother of ex-KGB gangster Boris the Blade (Rade Serbedzija), aka Boris the Bullet-Dodger, named due to his unique ability to defy death. Boris is now in the business of selling guns on the blackmarket, and lures Frankie to buy a gun, in order to steal the diamond. Meanwhile, Frankie has contacted jewelry retailer Doug the Head (Mike Reid) about the diamond. Doug lives in the Jewish community of London, although he himself is not even Jewish. Nevertheless, Doug contacts his Cousin Avi (Dennis Farina) in New York about the diamond. Avi sounds very interested, and tells Doug to keep Frankie close and interested in selling. At the same time, Turkish and Tommy are preparing for a big bout, using their premier boxer, Gorgeous George. Tommy is being overprotective these days, and carries a small firearm that he bought from Boris the Blade. Turkish and Tommy run a legitimate slot machine business on the side, to compensate for the illegal boxing that they participate in, and their office is a run-down caravan. Turkish is unimpressed by doing deals in such a crappy environment, so he urges Tommy to go buy a new caravan from a traveling band of gypsies (or pikies, as everyone else calls them). Tommy goes to the campsite, accompanied by Gorgeous George. It's there that they meet One Punch Mickey O'Neil (Brad Pitt), a tough, indecipherable part-time pugilist. Tommy buys the caravan, but as he and Gorgeous George are leaving, the wheels of the caravan almost immediately fall off. Tommy asks for the money back, but Mickey refuses. Gorgeous George demands the money back, and starts throwing his weight around, unti Mickey decides that he and Gorgeous George fight for it. They have a bare-knuckle brawl, and while Mickey is still removing his hat and shirt, Goregous George starts throwing punches. He beats Mickey up for awhile, until Mickey lays just one punch into Gorgeous George, knocking him out cold. Tommy reports back to Turkish about the bad news regarding Gorgeous George, but tells Turkish about Mickey's mean left cross. With Gorgeous George out of commission, Turkish is in dutch with debt to. Brick Top is very pissed that Gorgeous George is not going to fight, due to all the bets that were placed on him. Turkish, desperate, turns to Mickey, who says he'll do the fight if Turkish buys his mother a new caravan. Brick Top is not too impressed by this change in the cast, but allows Mickey to fight in place of Gorgeous George, granted that Mickey will take the dive in the fourth round. During his meeting with Frankie, Boris the Blade convinces the gambler to go place a bet on the fights that night. Frankie is interested, and does so. To get the diamond, Boris hires inept pawnbrokers, Vinny (Robbie Gee) and Sol (Lennie James), to rob the bookie and steal the briefcase (containing the diamond) from Frankie. Boris gets the briefcase (its contents unknown to Vinny and Sol) and the pawnbrokers get the cash, roughly 10,000 pounds. Vinny and Sol enlist a getaway driver named Tyrone (Ade), a man so large he has trouble getting out of the car. Also along for the ride is a dog that Vinny found. The dog is very restless, always chewing and biting things, and even swallows its squeaky toy, making it squeak whenever it barks. Frankie parks his van in front of the bookie's, and goes to the back to change. Just then, the pawnbrokers crash into his van, knocking Frankie out cold. The pawnrokers stakeout the bookie's, until it's time. Meanwhile, Turkish is very nervous about the fight, and urges Mickey continuously to go down in the fourth. Mickey just nods. When the fight begins, Mickey throws the first punch, and knocks the other fighter out cold. Now, Turkish and Tommy are in big trouble. Brick Top is not very happy. Vinny and Sol finally decide to rob the bookie's. When they enter the building and draw their guns, the girl working the counter immediately hits the alarm, closing off all of the windows and doors, trapping Vinny and Sol inside. Vinny is actually trapped in the closed window, half of his body hanging out. Sol blows a hole in the wall with his shotgun, and tells the girl to lower the window so Vinny can get free. She does, Vinny falls to the ground, and Sol tells the girl to hand over the money. She says there is no money, since all bets are off. There's only a few coins. When Sol accidentally places his shotgun down for a second, the girl grabs it, fires at them, and closes the window. Sol fires his pistol at the door trying to break the glass, but the bullet ricochets, hitting Vinny in the leg. Both men take off their masks, only to see the security camera looking straight at them. Suddenly, Tyrone pushes the door open, and the three run back to the car. As they are preparing to leave, they see Frankie, now awake, exiting his van. Tyrone walks up to him and knocks him out cold with the butt of his pistol. He tries taking the briefcase, but it's attached to Frankie's arm, so Tyrone puts Frankie's unconscious body in the car with him and the pawnbrokers. Back in New York, Avi is hounding Doug the Head about the whereabouts of Frankie. Doug says he's looking, but can't find him. Actually, Doug isn't looking, and Avi knows this, so he flies to London himself. Avi reems out Doug about not finding the diamond, and sets his sights on getting it himself. At the pawnshop, Vinny, Sol and Tyrone have Frankie tied to a chair, a sack over his head. Boris the Blade enters, and asks why they brought Frankie with them, instead of just cutting off his arm and taking the briefcase. Vinny tells Boris there was no money at the bookie, so Boris compensates them with the 10,000 pounds in cash upfront. Vinny declines, saying that he and his pals are more interested in the diamond. They opened the case, and found the stone, and demand half of whatever it's worth. Boris explains that whatever is in the briefcase is his, but Vinny won't listen and walks away. Boris, angry but cool about it, pulls out his gun, and shoots Frankie in the head. The pawnbrokers are now scared out of their wits. Boris demands the diamond, but the pawnbrokers had put it back in the briefcase and only Frankie knew the combination. Boris, getting very agitated, pulls out a meat cleaver, and hacks off Frankie's arm. He takes the briefcase, with the arm still attached, and tells the pawnbrokers they can keep the 10,000 pounds, as well as the body. It's now their problem. Turkish returns home, and finds Brick Top with two of his goons waiting for him. Brick Top explains that Turkish is in deep trouble, however, Brick Top was impressed by Mickey's style, and tells Turkish that he wants to use the gypsy in a bare-knuckle fight coming up, with Mickey still going down in the fourth. Turkish agrees, and Brick Top leaves, but not until taking most of Turkish's money to compensate for Mickey's stubborness. Now, Brick Top wants to know who tried to hit the bookie, so he and his goons watch the security tape. They don't recognize Sol and Vinny, but one of the goons recognizes Tyrone when he opened the door. Turkish and Tommy venture back out to the campsites, and find Mickey and his friends "coursing" , a game that involves hungry dogs chasing a hare. Turkish asks Mickey to fight in the bare-knuckle brawl. Mickey tells the promoters that he still wants the caravan for his mother, but he'll place a bet about his conditions of fighting. If the hare gets away, Turkish has to pay up, but if the dogs capture the hare, Mickey will fight for free. They let the hare go, and the dogs chase after it. This scene is intercut with Brick Top's goons locating, chasing and capturing Tyrone, putting him in a hole with angry dogs. Tyrone tells Brick Top everything about the robbery. At the same time, the hare, after some close calls, escapes with its life. Turkish has to look into getting the caravan. On the drive back to town, Tommy tries to test out the gun that Boris sold to him, but it's defective and won't fire. Avi, growing very upset with Doug, decides to hire a troubleshooter by the name of Bullet-Tooth Tony (Vinnie Jones), who, as legend has it, took six bullets in one sitting, and survived. Tony agrees to work for Avi, and the two, along with Avi's sidekick, Rosebud, go to get information. Tony grabs a con named Mullet (Ewen Bremner, "Spud" from "Trainspotting") off the street, traps his head in the car window, and drives down the street, with Mullet running along side the car, until Mullet spills the beans, and reveals to them about the pawnbrokers. Back at the pawnshop, Vinny and Sol are trying to dispose of Frankie's body, when suddenly Brick Top walks in. He explains to them the best way to dispose of the body is to feed the flesh to pigs. That's his method, anyways. Brick Top leads them to their outer office, where a group of goons wait, with bodybags, butcher knives, etc., basically preparing for the pawnbrokers' demise. Sol, in desperation, tells Brick Top about the diamond, and says that he and Vinny can get it for him in four days. Brick Top agrees, but gives them 48 hours instead. Turkish tells Brick Top the demands regarding the upcoming bout. He says that Mickey's mother wants a new caravan. Brick Top is very pissed that Turkish would have the balls to demand things of him, so he decides to put his message across. Some goons smash up Turkish's slot machines. Turkish knocks two of them out, but they eventually nab him, and are about to cut off his arm, when Tommy walks in, with his defective gun, and gets him and Turkish out of there. Brick Top also wants to make clear to Mickey about his point, so he burns down Mickey's mother's caravan...with his mother inside. Mickey tries to save her, but his friends hold him back, as the flames grow higher. Tony and Avi go over to the pawnbrokers, where Vinny reveals, with Tony's gun to his head, that it was all Boris the Blade's idea. Tony is surprised to hear this name, and tells Avi about Boris. While they are waiting at Doug the Head's jewelry shop, they see Boris enter on the security camera. Rosebud says he'll take care of Boris. The next cut shows Rosebud, Tony and Avi in the car, all a little beaten up. They got Boris, though, and put him in their trunk, with a little difficulty. They go over to Boris' house, and get the diamond. The pawnbrokers don't have any guns, but they purchase some replicas with extra loud blanks to get back the diamond from Boris. They're tipped off by Tyrone that he found Boris, but he wasn't alone. That's when the bizarre car montage begins... The pawnbrokers are following Avi and Tony when suddenly they hit someone standing in the street. Turkish and Tommy are driving along in their Land Rover, and Tommy is explaining why it's bad for Turkish to drink milk. Tommy grabs the milk, and tosses it out of the window, only to hear a crash. Tony is driving Avi and Rosebud, and Avi says that he wants to kill Boris. Tony suggests shooting him. Avi says it's too loud. Tony suggests stabbing. Avi says it's too cold-blooded. Tony says they should stab him, and tells Rosebud to pull out a blade from under the seat. Rosebud pulls out a large sword, when suddenly...a carton of milk splashes onto the windshield, causing Tony to crash. Tony and Avi are fine, but Rosebud is dead, the sword sticking out of him. Avi looks across the street and sees Boris, tied up with a sack over his head, walking around, until suddenly hit, by the pawnbroker's car. Turkish and Tommy are now at Boris', with Tommy ready to demand his money back for the defective gun. Suddenly, Boris, still very much alive and angry, walks by them. Tommy tries to talk to him, but Boris racks him. Boris walks inside his house, and grabs a large assault rifle, like the one in "Scarface." Tony and Avi, trying to keep it cool, go into a nearby pub to clean up. Avi goes to the bathroom with the diamond. Tony goes to the bar, and orders a pint. The pawnbrokers walk in, in masks with their replicas, and point them at Tony, who is very calm. They demand to know where the diamond is, but Tony says that they're not going to get anywhere with those guns, considering they have "replica" written down the side of them. Tony draws their attention to his gun, which has Desert Eagle .50 written down the side of it. The pawnbrokers leave, but while they are in the hall, Avi opens the bathroom door. The pawnbrokers point their replicas at Avi, and demand the diamond. Avi says they're going to have to shoot him. Suddenly, Boris enters, with his assault rifle, and he's about to shoot everyone. Tony is in the other room, but can hear everything. He finds the hall door is locked, and yells for Avi to grab his socks ("get down!"). Avi and the pawnbrokers drop to the ground, as Tony fires round after round through the wall, hitting Boris. Vinny and Sol get up, grab the case, and run, leaving Tyrone behind. Tony walks into the hallway, reloads, and shoots Boris a few more times. But Boris is still alive. It takes the entire round, and a shot to the head to finally kill Boris the Bullet-Dodger. Tony also tries to shoot Tyrone, but the gun is empty. Vinny and Sol, now that they have the diamond, are about to give it to Brick Top, when Tony suddenly appears. Vinny hides the diamond in his pants, and tells Sol to tell Tony and Avi it's back at the pawnshop. They all go back to the pawnshop. Vinny's dog has torn the place up, shredding papers and defecating on the floor. Avi tells Tony to open a window. Vinny says the diamond is missing, the dog must have eaten it. Avi tells Tony to open the dog up, but Vinny resists. There's a lot of commotion, and Vinny finally hands the diamond over to Avi. Avi admires the diamond, but the dog suddenly jumps up and grabs the diamond with its mouth. Avi is very angry now, and grabs Tony's gun and starts firing everywhere. The dog jumps out of the open window. Avi tells Tony to follow him, but Tony isn't going anywhere. Avi realizes that he just accidently killed Tony. This sends Avi back to New York. During O'Neil's wake, Mickey gets very, very drunk. Turkish and Tommy wake him up, and get him ready for the fight. Brick Top tells the gypsy to do as he says, considering there's a handful of men waiting at the campground, armed and awaiting Brick Top's instructions to kill the other gypsies, should Mickey disobey him. Mickey once again must go down in the fourth. Turkish yells at Mickey not to knock the other fighter out. The bout begins, and Mickey once again opens with his mean left cross, knocking the other fighter down, but not out. The fight really starts, and the two are merely trading licks. Mickey is not fighting like he normally does, and is soon taking a beating. Finally, in the fourth round, after taking some mighty hits, Mickey is knocked hard to the ground. As he hits the ground, the floor of the mat suddenly turns into water, and Mickey is swimming underwater, looking above to see himself lying down with the other fighter above him. All Mickey has to do now is stay down. However, Mickey swims back up into his body, and, with one swift punch, knocks the other fighter out cold. Brick Top rushes outside. He wants to shoot Turkish, Mickey and Tommy as they are leaving. Brick Top calls one of his men on his cell phone, and hears gunfire. He hangs up, and as Turkish, Mickey, and Tommy are getting to their car, Brick Top knocks on the window of his car, and demands that his goon give him a gun. Suddenly, there's a shot. We then retrace back, with Turkish's narration, that Mickey was expecting the ambush on the campsite. The other gypsies surround Brick Top's men, and blow them away. When Brick Top called one of his men, Mickey's buddy answers, and says that Brick Top is going to speak up if his friend wants to hear him. Mickey's friend then shoots Brick Top's man. The gypsies are also waiting in Brick Top's car, and when Brick Top demands a gun, one of the gypsies roll down the window, and shoots Brick Top in the face. Mickey takes off with the gypsies, leaving Turkish and Tommy a bit confused. The next day, Turkish and Tommy go to the campsite, to find it abandoned. The gypsies left in the middle of the night. Some police officers arrive, and ask Turkish what he's doing there. Suddenly, Turkish spots Vinny's dog, and tells the officer he was walking his dog. Tommy grabs the dog, and he and Turkish leave, only to pass by Vinny and Sol by their car on the side of the road, being questioned by cops why they have a dead man missing his arm in their trunk. Turkish goes on to explain that Tommy wanted to keep the dog, but Turkish made it go to the vet, to stop the squeaking. While at the vet, they discovered the diamond, and now we are back to the first scene of the film, with Turkish and Tommy sitting nervously across from an unseen man. Turkish is inquiring about the diamond, and the camera does a quick dolly to reveal Doug the Head, who says he might know someone interested in it. We cut back to see Avi boarding a plane for London. 
 Casino Royale (2006)651) After earning 00 status and a licence to kill, secret agent James Bond sets out on his first mission as 007. Bond must defeat a private banker funding terrorists in a high-stakes game of poker at Casino Royale, Montenegro. James Bond (Daniel Craig) goes on his first mission as a 00. Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen) is a banker to the world's terrorists. He is participating in a poker game at Montenegro, where he must win back his money, in order to stay safe amongst the terrorist market. The boss of MI6, known simply as "M" (Dame Judi Dench) sends Bond, along with Vesper Lynd Eva Green) to attend this game and prevent Le Chiffre from winning. Bond, using help from Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright), Rene Mathis (Giancarlo Giannini), and having Vesper pose as his partner, enters the most important poker game in his already dangerous career. But if Bond defeats Le Chiffre, will he and Vesper Lynd remain safe? simon Recently promoted to 00 status, James Bond (Daniel Craig) takes on his first mission, in which he faces a mysterious private banker to world terrorism and poker player, Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen). Along with beautiful Treasury Agent Vesper Lynd (Eva Green) and the MI6 man in Montenegro, Bond takes part in a high stakes poker game set up by Le Chiffre in order to recover a huge sum of his clients' money he lost in a failed plot that the British spy took down. 007 will not only discover the threatening organization behind his enemy, but the worst of all truths: to not trust anyone. wolf beautell This movie introduces James Bond (Daniel Craig) before he holds his license to kill. But Bond is no less dangerous, and with two professional assassinations in quick succession, he is elevated to "00" status. Bond's first 007 mission takes him to Uganda, where he is to spy on a terrorist, Mollaka (Sebastien Foucan). Not everything goes to plan and Bond decides to investigate, independently of MI6, in order to track down the rest of the terrorist cell. Following a lead to the Bahamas, he encounters Alex Dimitrios (Simon Abkarian) and his girlfriend, Solange (Catarina Morino). He learns that Dimitrios is involved with Le Chiffre (Mads Mikkelsen), banker to the world's terrorist organizations. Secret Service intelligence reveals that Le Chiffre is planning to raise money in a high-stakes poker game in Montenegro at Le Casino Royale. MI6 assigns 007 to play against him, knowing that if Le Chiffre loses, it will destroy his organization. M (Dame Judi Dench) places Bond under the watchful eye of the beguiling Vesper Lynd (Eva Green). At first skeptical of what value Vesper can provide, Bond's interest in her deepens as they brave danger together and even torture at the hands of Le Chiffre. In Montenegro, Bond allies himself with Rene Mathis (Giancarlo Giannini) MI6's local field Agent, and Felix Leiter (Jeffrey Wright), who is representing the interests of the C.I.A. The marathon game proceeds with dirty tricks and violence, raising the stakes beyond blood money, and reaching a terrifying climax. Krafty The British Establishment has an ally, in the guise of newly appointed double-00 Agent James Bond (Daniel Craig). He's back with a vengeance. His introduction is a sparring partner of intelligence and brutality, his mission is to take the ultimate gamble and place his life on the line in the arenas of terrorism and the ivory towers of power. Taking Bond around the world once more, but it is in Casino Royale where this battle of wit and cunning will take place, taking no prisoners and leaving nothing but death in his wake. This gripping updated Ian Fleming story is dealt with the expectancy of urgency and drama that when the chips are down this action packed high-octane movie will deliver what England expects. Cinema_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins in a black-and-white sequence in the city of Prague, Czech Republic, where James Bond has tracked down an MI6 section chief, Dryden, who has been selling information to enemies for profit. They chat about what it takes to be a 00- agent (one of the requirements is making two confirmed kills) and Bond casually tells Dryden that his espionage contact, Fisher died, and "Not well." Intercut with the conversation are black and white scenes of Bond and Dryden's contact fighting in a men's room. Bond finally pushes the man's face into an overflowing sink and holds him there until he drowns. Dryden points a gun at Bond. "Shame. We barely got to know each other." He pulls the trigger, but James has removed the ammunition from the weapon. "I know where you keep your gun. I suppose that's something." Dryden continues to taunt Bond, asking him if he felt any remorse or guilt over killing Fisher. Bond remains passive, his face expressionless. Dryden says that Bond "needn't worry, the second is--" at which point Bond kills Dryden, before Dryden had a chance to say the word "easier". Bond puts his pistol away saying, "Yes, considerably." (Though not said explicitly, Bond found the killing of Dryden, his second such kill, "considerably" easier than the first.) In flashback, Fisher recovers from Bond's attempt to drown him and picks up his pistol. The frame instantly shifts to the series' iconic "gun barrel" sequence as Bond spins around and shoots Fisher. Blood runs down the frame, prompting the opening titles. In Mbale, Uganda a group of freedom fighters, led by Steven Obanno, are arranging a meeting with Le Chiffre, a private banker to terrorist groups around the world. Obanno is not sure whether or not to trust Le Chiffre with his money, but Mr. White, the man brokering the meeting, explains that he's only the guy making the introduction. Moments later, a convoy of Land Rovers arrive, one of which carries Le Chiffre. Le Chiffre explains to Obanno that he invests their money and manipulates stocks so they get a 100% return on the investment, and guarantees them access to their money anywhere in the world. Obanno agrees to allow the money to be taken for Le Chiffre's nefarious purposes. While Obanno's money is being loaded in to Le Chiffre's vehicles, Le Chiffre calls his stockbroker in London and has him short-sell a massive number of Skyfleet stocks, despite the broker warning him that he's betting against the market and all forecasts only call for Skyfleet's stocks to increase in value. In Madagascar, Bond, on his first mission as a "00", is working with another agent, Carter, doing surveillance on a terrorist, Mollaka, who is gambling on a match between a cobra and a mongoose. Carter, Bond's inexperienced partner agent is exposed after Mollaka gets a cell call and the terrorist bolts from the scene. Bond chases the man, who is an experienced "free runner" (parkour) who leads Bond through a construction site, onto several sky cranes and finally to the Nambutu embassy where he seeks asylum. Bond charges into the embassy (in direct contravention of international law and his orders) and catches Mollaka in the ambassador's office. Bond drags him along, fighting his way thru the halls of the embassy, throwing the man out a window and into a courtyard. He suddenly finds himself surrounded by armed guards. The ambassador appears and orders Bond to let Mollaka go. Bond shoots the terrorist and a nearby gas tank and escapes in the explosion. He also steals the backpack Mollaka was carrying. Searching through the backpack, he finds a bomb and Mollaka's cell phone. Bond examines the bomber's messages briefly, seeing one with an American phone number and the word "ELLIPSIS." Bond keeps the phone. Back at MI6, M is furious that 007's violent actions were caught on video at the Nambutu embassy. Bond later breaks into M's home and hacks her top-level clearance so he can trace where the cell phone call originated from. When M enters she's startled and lectures him on proper protocol and conduct, stating she think it may have been a mistake to promote him to 00 status. Bond assures her that "the life expectancy of a 00 is brief, so your mistake will be short-lived." M tells him that "arrogance and self-awareness seldom go hand-in-hand" and she wanted him to "take [his] ego out of the equation" when on a mission. She also tells him to go on a brief vacation until she can decide how best to deal with him. Bond has discovered that the call to Mollaka originated at a posh beach resort in the Bahamas. Bond goes there to investigate who made the call and why. He ends up finding a middle man, Alex Dmitrios, who happens to be a henchman used by Le Chiffre, hired to find someone who could carry out a task for Le Chiffre. Bond meets Dmitrios and plays poker with him, beating him and winning his 1964 Aston Martin DB5. Bond uses the Aston to finagle a romantic evening with Dmitrios' spurned wife, Solange, to get information about her husband. She tells Bond that Dmitrios is going to Miami. Bond follows him there where he confronts Dmitrios at the Body Worlds exhibition. He sees him leave a bag with the coat check staff and also place the claim tag in one of the displays. Bond kills Dmitrios when he's held at knifepoint, however, the bag goes missing and Bond follows the man, Carlos, hired as Mollaka's last minute replacement. Bond follows Carlos to Miami International Airport, where he pulls a security uniform out of the bag and puts it on. He slips into the secured area of the airport and Bond follows him, having figured out "ELLIPSIS" was the security code to get through the door. M calls Bond to tell him Le Chiffre will have Carlos destroy a prototype jetliner for a large airline named Skyfleet. The prototype is the largest passenger aircraft in the world and destroying it will bankrupt Skyfleet. Carlos sets off the emergency sprinkler system in the building to cause a diversion and slips out onto the tarmac. Carlos attaches an explosive charge to a refueling tanker after killing the driver (a cameo by director Martin Campbell) and starts driving it towards the plane. However, Bond manages to leap onto the tanker. The two have a vicious fight around the runways while being chased by the Miami-Dade Police. Eventually, Carlos leaps off the truck, and Bond is barely able to stop the tanker from hitting the plane. Carlos smiles as Bond is arrested and activates the charge. However, Bond has already discovered Carlos' small explosive device & attached it to Carlos' belt during the melee, and Carlos ends up killing himself. Bond smirks slightly after the explosion. On the phone, Le Chiffre receives word that Carlos failed and Dmitrios was killed. He assumes that someone talked and foiled his plot. Returning to Nassau, Bond discovers that Solange had been tortured, killed and trussed up in a hammock. M explains she was tortured and killed by Le Chiffre because she was the only one left alive and he assumed she talked. Le Chiffre's plan was to "short-sell" hundreds of millions of dollars in Skyfleet stock and, in destroying their prototype, cause their stock to plummet and send them into bankruptcy so he could buy the shares back at cheaper value. Thanks to Bond, Le Chiffre has lost over $101.2 million. Now a marked man, Le Chiffre must find another way to earn the money back so his investors will not eliminate him. M tells Bond that Le Chiffre just set up a high stakes Texas Hold 'Em poker match at the Casino Royale in Montenegro for 10 players, with an entry fee at $10 million each plus a $5 million buy-back should they lose all their money. M arranges to place Bond in the game as a replacement for a syndicate member, since he's the best poker player in MI6. M also has a homing device planted in Bond's left wrist so she can track him anywhere. The British government will be putting up the money and, while Bond is on the train to Montenegro, he is met by a young woman named Vesper Lynd, a Treasury agent who has been sent to monitor Bond and give a go, no-go should he lose the money. They converse over dinner, Vesper commenting on his cold nature and Bond remarking on how Vesper is retentive. Upon arriving they pose as a married couple, with Bond posing as a professional gambler named "Arlington Beech" and Vesper as "Stephanie Broadchest" (a name that Vesper is offended by). They meet with Rene Mathis, their contact in Montenegro, who explains that Le Chiffre probably doesn't know he's under surveillance because the only person monitoring him is Mathis himself. He's spent the time establishing his old relationships with such people as the local police chief, whom Mathis has already arranged to have busted on bribery charges. Before the game begins, Bond also purchases a deep purple backless dress for Vesper to wear, to supply a distraction during the game. He also is perturbed that Vesper has given him a dinner jacket (tuxedo) that appears to have been tailored and is of a higher quality than Bond's own. That evening, he heads to the casino and the private parlor, where he is introduced to the other players, including Le Chiffre. A representative from the casino, and another representative from an international bank, explain that each player has deposited $10 million dollars for their initial buy-in. The buy-back fee of $5 million can be made by electronic transfer. Their money is being held in a Swiss bank in escrow for the duration of the game and each one has a password to keep the money secured. At the conclusion of the tournament, the winner will enter his password into and encryption keypad, which will automatically wire the money to any bank account in the world of the winner's choice. Vesper has the account number but only Bond knows the password. On the first hand, Bond deliberately makes a misjudged call to figure out how Le Chiffre bluffs (his physical "tell" involves him placing his left hand on his forehead near his wounded left eye), however Vesper is not at all impressed, thinking Bond is inept. After a lengthy round of hands, a break is called. Bond places a tracking device in Le Chiffre's asthma inhaler and takes Vesper back to their room. Le Chiffre is called back to his room by his girlfriend, Valenka. However, he is confronted by Obanno and his henchman, demanding his money back. They threaten to cut off Valenka's arm, however, Le Chiffre doesn't acquiesce. Out in the hallway, Bond hears Valenka screaming. He quickly grabs Vesper and they kiss in the stairway entrance to cover themselves, however, Obanno's henchman notices Bond's earpiece and attacks them both. The fight takes them into the stairwell, where the henchman is thrown off the stairwell to his death, and James and Obanno have a knock-down drag-out fight all the way down the stairwell, Obanno wielding a machete. Finally landing on the bottom, Bond gets Obanno into a choke hold. Obanno tries to reach for Bond's pistol, but Vesper smashes it out of his hands. Bond finally kills Obanno and orders Vesper to contact Mathis, who sets up one of Le Chiffre's associates to take the fall for the dead bodies by placing them in the man's car trunk. Bond finishes the poker session, but he returns to the room to find Vesper fully-clothed and shaking uncontrollably in the shower from the fight. He holds on to her and comforts her. The next day, during the continuing poker game, Bond loses all his money to Le Chiffre after misreading a bluff and admits to Vesper that he made a mistake. Vesper won't give him the buy back money saying he's going to lose it. Furious, Bond goes after Le Chiffre but is stopped by one of the other poker players, Felix Leiter, the CIA's representative sent to the poker match to catch Le Chiffre for the same reasons MI6 has sent Bond. Leiter tells 007 that he's doing poorly himself in the game and that he'll back Bond to re-enter the game; Leiter believes that Bond can beat Le Chiffre. In return, Bond will give Le Chiffre to the CIA. Bond slowly builds his bank again and once again becomes a threat to Le Chiffre. Le Chiffre has Valenka poison Bond's martini with digitalis, causing Bond to suffer severe tachycardia. Bond goes to his car distressed and, communicating with medical specialists at MI6 headquarters, is about to use the defibrillator when he sees the the connection isn't plugged in and passes out. Vesper arrives, fixes the defibrillator kit and shocks him back to life. Shaken but able to walk, Bond returns to the game. The final hand of the game is down to four players, including Bond and Le Chiffre, who go "all in", betting their remaining money, driving the "pot" well over $120 million. One player has a flush, while another has a full house. Le Chiffre has a higher full house and is about to take the entire pot when Bond reveals he has a straight flush and wins the game. Bond has dinner with Vesper, who receives a call from Mathis stating that Le Chiffre has been apprehended by the CIA. Vesper leaves the dining room; seconds later, Bond realizes she's in danger. Vesper is kidnapped by Le Chiffre. Bond races after them in his Aston Martin, but has to swerve violently when he sees Vesper lying bound in the road. The car rolls several times, destroying it. Le Chiffre and his cronies take him, removing his homing implant. As Bond fades from consciousness, Le Chiffre tells him that Mathis was allied with his enemy. Bond and Vesper are taken to a nearby tramp steamer and separated. Bond is stripped and bound to a chair with the seat removed, leaving his testicles exposed. Le Chiffre uses a large knotted rope, striking Bond's scrotum, demanding the password for the account the winnings have been secured in. Bond refuses, despite Le Chiffre's threats to kill him and Vesper. Through the pain inflicted on him, Bond tells Le Chiffre that his investors, who are already hunting him, will find him and kill him. Le Chiffre counters, saying that even if he murders Bond and Vesper, that MI:6 will still welcome him because of the knowledge he possesses about his terrorist clients. Le Chiffre finally draws a knife and is about to castrate Bond when gunshots are heard outside (implied to be the sound of Valenka being killed). The door opens and in walks Mr. White, the broker who introduced Obanno to Le Chiffre, pointing a silenced pistol directly at Le Chiffre. Le Chiffre, suddenly frightened, pleads with him, saying he'll secure the money, to which White replies, "Money isn't as important to our organization as knowing who to trust." White then fatally shoots Le Chiffre in the forehead. Bond wakes up in a hospital bed during a haze while he recovers. After he fully regains consciousness, he talks to Mathis, whom he believes was responsible for his and Vesper's capture by Le Chiffre. MI6 agents appear, taze Mathis and drag him away. Vesper visits Bond and they confess their love for each other. The Swiss banker in charge of the winnings account visits and Bond gives Vesper the password to key in; the password is her own first name. Bond resigns from the service to go on holiday with Vesper, and they sail to Venice, Italy where Vesper says she'll get the money and Bond will get the supplies for the trip. When M phones 007 about his resignation, she says that they'll discuss that later but they need to talk about the money being returned to the British government first, which tips off 007 that Vesper was using him all along. Bond follows Vesper to a secret meeting where she turns the money over, in cash, to a man named Gettler, who spots Bond nearby. Gettler and a few of his men retreat to a building being renovated and a gunfight ensues. Bond shoots and ruptures the flotation bags that hold the building above water-level and kills the men. He tries to save Vesper, locked in an old elevator, but is unable to after she commits suicide by drowning herself. Bond recovers her body and takes her above water but is unable to revive her. Mr. White, who'd been watching the scene, is seen leaving with the suitcase full of money. Sitting on the sailboat he and Vesper had been vacationing on, Bond talks to M, who informs him that Vesper had a boyfriend who was being held by Le Chiffre's organization. She had intended to pay off Le Chiffre's associates with the money to secure her boyfriend's release. M believes that there are no further leads, that the "trail has gone cold." Bond examines Vesper's cell phone and finds the phone number of Mr. White, which he theorizes she left for him purposely. At Lake Como in Northern Italy, White arrives at a lush villa. After he exits his car, he receives a phone call from someone telling him they "need to talk." Asking who the caller is, White is suddenly shot in the leg by a sniper. He falls to the ground and crawls painfully toward the house. As he tries to climb the stairs and the familiar Bond theme music begins to play, Bond appears carrying a cell phone and a silenced HK rifle. As White looks up defiantly, Bond says "The name's Bond. James Bond." The closing titles roll immediately. 