nm0000171:

 Heat (1995)541) A group of high-end professional thieves start to feel the heat from the LAPD when they unknowingly leave a clue at their latest heist. Hunters and their prey--Neil and his professional criminal crew hunt to score big money targets (banks, vaults, armored cars) and are, in turn, hunted by Lt. Vincent Hanna and his team of cops in the Robbery/Homicide police division. A botched job puts Hanna onto their trail while they regroup and try to put together one last big 'retirement' score. Neil and Vincent are similar in many ways, including their troubled personal lives. At a crucial moment in his life, Neil disobeys the dictum taught to him long ago by his criminal mentor--'Never have anything in your life that you can't walk out on in thirty seconds flat, if you spot the heat coming around the corner'--as he falls in love. Thus the stage is set for the suspenseful ending.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Neil McCauley leads a group of professional bank robbers, taking down major scores around LA. However after their latest heist goes terribly wrong and ends up in homicide, Det. Vincent Hannah finds a clue and becomes obsessed with the case determined to stop McCauley's crew. Hannah and McCauley are competing against each other in a deadly cat-and-mouse game. Although they are on different sides of the law, they still find huge respect, recognition in each others troubled personal lives and they understand each others motivations - however this won't make them hesitate to do whatever they can to win the battle between them two in this crime saga. Julian Olin In Los Angeles, a gang of armed thieves is hitting serious targets - major banks, vaults, and armored cars. These thieves are led by arch-criminal Neal MacAuley. One of their operations, an armored-car robbery, goes bad and the armored-car guards are murdered by the gunmen - putting LAPD homicide detective Vince Hanna on the trail of the thieves. Hanna knows it will take a lot to bring these dangerous, armed thieves down, and it will end in a horrifying gun battle when the thieves try to rob a major federal bank... Derek O'Cain Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An inbound Los Angeles Blue Line train pulls in to Firestone light rail station, and professional thief Neil McCauley (Robert De Niro) exits, disguised as a paramedic. He enters a nearby hospital, where the uniform allows him to walk through the emergency room unnoticed. He registers the activity going on around him as he travels down the hall holding a clipboard, acting like just another employee as he drives off in a Goodhew ambulance. At a construction supplier, one of Neil's associates, Chris Shiherlis (Val Kilmer), purchases some explosive charges, showing a valid driver's license, and pays in cash when the clerk asks him how he wants to pay. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Vincent Hanna (Al Pacino), a robbery-homicide detective for the Los Angeles Police Department, after having sex with his wife Justine (Diane Verona), leaves for work. Just after he leaves, his 15-year-old stepdaughter, Lauren (Natalie Portman), suffers a slight breakdown in front of her mother while she's preparing to meet her father. This same day, Neil, Shiherlis, and three other men, Trejo (Danny Trejo), Waingro (Kevin Gage), and Michael Cheritto (Tom Sizemore), carry out the robbery of a Gage armored car. Neil and Shiherlis, wearing paramedic uniforms, station the stolen ambulance on Venice Boulevard just east of the Interstate 10/Interstate 110 overpass. While this happens, Waingro is picked up at a caf by Cheritto in a stolen green big rig tow truck. As they drive towards the scheduled ambush point, Waingro tries to make conversation with Cheritto, who merely asks for him to shut up. Waingro is quite agitated at the order. They park their truck underneath the highway at a 90 degree angle to the street. Trejo tails the armored car as it leaves the depot and radios in its location as it gets closer to them. When Trejo radios back that the armored car is 300 yards away, Neil, Shiherlis, Cheritto and Waingro slip on hockey goalie masks to conceal their faces. They then move their vehicles into position. Neil puts the ambulance in drive, activates the lights and siren, and starts to execute a three-point turn to block the armored car as it approaches from the west on Venice Boulevard, while Cheritto floors the gas pedal of the tow truck. The armored car stops, its path obstructed by Neil. The two guards in the back are reading their newspapers, oblivious to what is about to happen. As he waits, the driver looks left and his eyes go wide when he sees the tow truck bearing down on him. The tow truck rams the armored car at full speed, and the impact partially caves in the truck's grille, while the armored car turns over and slides 50 feet on its passenger side into a car dealership parking lot. As the dust settles, the robbers climb out of their vehicles carrying assault rifles and pistols and take up positions around the overturned truck as one of the guards makes a radio call for help. Hearing a dispatch call for a "211" (armed robbery) on his police scanner, Trejo radios to the others that they have three minutes, and Neil starts a stopwatch. Shiherlis sets off an explosive charge to blow open the back doors. Neil and Cheritto then climb into the armored car and drag out the now-deaf and shaken guards, and hand them over to Waingro, who holds the them at bay on the sidewalk with a pistol. While Neil and Cheritto cover the street, Trejo runs a spike strip across the street to stop any police that pursue them, and Shiherlis searches the truck for several envelopes. When Neil yells that they have eighty seconds remaining on the clock, Waingro suddenly gets aggressive and pistol-whips the first guard, who can't hear Waingro's order to back up. Cheritto harshly admonishes Waingro, calling him "Slick." Once Shiherlis has found the specific envelope the crew is after, he exits the back of the truck and the men begin to head back to the ambulance and move out. Waingro mutters something about the guard challenging him and suddenly shoots the first guard in the face, killing him instantly. The second guard tries to reach for a backup revolver in his ankle holster, but Neil shoots him with an automatic rifle. The guard is thrown back against the armored car and crumples dead. Cheritto holds his rifle on the last guard, looking to Neil with approval. With a slight nod from Neil, Cheritto aims his rifle at the guard, and shoots him twice in the chest. He then steps forward and shoots the guard again in the head. They then run back to the ambulance, removing their masks as Trejo drives. Neil is quite angry at Waingro for shooting the 1st guard, Waingro insisting the man was making a move to stop them. As the crew speeds away from the scene, the first police cars come speeding towards the scene from the other direction. The first three units are unable to see the spike strip in time, blow out their tires, and crash into each other. The police officers jump out of the cars and run over, frantically signalling the units right behind them to stop just in the nick of time. As the police descend on the area, Neil and his crew pile out of the ambulance a few blocks away and climb into a nearby station wagon. Shiherlis plants a firebomb in the back of the ambulance that destroys their weapons and gear as they drive away. That evening, Neil meets in a parking garage with Nate (Jon Voight), his money-laundering expert. Nate tells Neil that the envelope they stole contains hundreds of millions in bearer bonds from a company called Malibu Equity & Investments, owned by a crooked entrepreneur named Roger Van Zant (William Fichtner). Nate agrees to set up a meeting where Van Zant will send someone with cash to exchange for the bonds. Nate tells Neil of another job offered by a man named Kelso, that will bring in at least $10 million. Neil agrees to meet with Kelso (Tom Noonan). Nate also asks Neil what went wrong with the heist, but Neil refuses to talk about it. At the scene of the heist, Hanna arrives and begins investigating. With Hanna are his team of detectives, Detective Casals (Wes Studi), Detective Bosko (Ted Levine), Sgt. Drucker, (Mykelti Williamson) and Det. Schwartz (Jerry Trimble). The vehicles left at the scene of the robbery have been identified - the big rig was reported stolen out of Fresno two weeks earlier and Trejo's pickup truck out of Whittier two days prior to the robbery. Other than that, there are no leads -- only a nickname, "Slick", dropped by Cheritto, was heard by a homeless man across the street. Hanna is able to recount the heist itself quite accurately, noting that those who committed it are definitely professionals. He orders his team to begin talking to their informants and fences to find out who might be handling the money. He also charges Casals with running the name "Slick" as an alias to the FBI, knowing that it likely won't lead anywhere but wants it checked anyway. At a truck stop diner in a different part of town, the rest of the crew and Waingro wait for Neil, who shows up. He tells them all that Waingro has forfeited his share of the heist and he beats him briefly in full view of the other diners. Neil is nervous because of the killings of the three guards which will warrant a deeper investigation by the LAPD's robbery/homicide unit. As they all leave, Neil suddenly hits Waingro, and throws him to the pavement with the intention of killing him. He is about to shoot Waingro with his pistol when Cheritto yells for him to stop. He has spotted a police car on the street. They watch nervously, hoping the police officers haven't noticed them. There is a sigh of relief when the police car suddenly activates its lights and siren, makes a u-turn, and drives away. When Neil looks back, Waingro has vanished. He and the others search the immediate area, but find no sign of him. At his home, Chris gets into a heated argument with his wife, Charlene (Ashley Judd) about the amount of money he's brought home from the heist -- it's considerably less than Charlene was expecting. Chris tells her he'd paid off his bookies. When she challenges him on his gambling problem, he tells her she can leave and storms out. The next morning, Hanna and Drucker bust in on the chop shop of Albert Torena (Ricky Harris), one of Hanna's informants. After a tense conversation where Hanna intimidates Albert and threatens him with jail time, Albert tells Hanna that his brother Richard will meet with Neil at a club in Koreatown at 2 AM with a possible lead in the case. Neil meets with Nate's associate, Kelso (Tom Noonan). Kelso tells Neil about a new potential heist - the main downtown branch of the Far East National Bank collects hard currency for distribution to its other branches. On certain days of the week, the bank holds at least $10 million. Neil scoffs at the idea at first; it would be impossible for his team to rob the bank without at least one employee setting off an alarm that the police would respond to rapidly. Kelso, a computer hacker himself, tells Neil that he knows how to reprogram the alarm system to shut itself down 15 minutes before they arrive. Neil agrees to take the job and Nate gives him Van Zant's business number. Neil returns to his Spartan oceanside apartment and finds Chris sleeping on his living room floor. Neil makes him coffee and asks him what's going wrong with his personal life and his marriage. Chris explains a few things and Neil reminds him of an inmate they knew in Folsom who's longtime mantra was not to have anything serious enough in their personal lives that they can't leave behind in a hurry ("30 seconds flat") if they know they'll be caught as criminals. Neil tells Chris they're going to get their money from Van Zant for the bearer bonds they'd stolen and then take Kelso's bank job. Neil sets up arrangements to transfer the bonds. A few days after the armored car robbery, he calls Roger Van Zant at a payphone and tells him to have one of his employees call him back with an arranged meeting point to exchange the bearer bonds for cash. While he's on hold, Neil notices Charlene (Ashley Judd), Shiherlis' wife, at a cheap hotel with another man, Alan Marciano (Hank Azaria). One of Van Zant's bookies calls back to inform Neil that the meeting will be tomorrow at a drive-in movie theater. Afterward, Neil confronts Charlene, warning her to give Chris one last chance. Hanna goes to the club in Koreatown Torena mentioned, and talks to Richard who tells him that he was incarcerated with a man whom he saw outside prison recently who pulls off large heists, getting Cheritto's name. He calls his unit immediately and tells them to set up extensive surveillance on everyone Cheritto associates with. Neil goes to the drive-in theater where Van Zant has arranged to make the exchange. The drop man arrives shortly thereafter in a pickup truck. Neil orders the driver to hold his hands up to prove that he is not holding any weapons, and then instructs the man to toss the package with his right hand into Neil's shotgun seat. Unbeknownst to Neil, an assassin armed with a machine pistol is hiding in the back of the pickup and preparing to kill him. As the assassin creeps up to the passenger's side window of Neil's car and aims his gun, Shiherlis, armed with a rifle and stationed on the rooftop of the projection building, spots him and gives Neil a warning through his headset. The next moments happen in an instant: Neil looks in his rear-view mirror, sees the assassin, and instantly floors the car in reverse, crushing the assassin against the pickup and injuring his leg. Shiherlis rolls over once, aims his rifle, and fires at the pickup truck. Bullets hit the windshield, splintering it, and the truck pulls forward. The assassin, struggling to regain his footing, fires a wild burst at Neil's car, and Neil fires back through his windshield with his pistol. Now with a clean opening, Shiherlis draws a bead on the assassin and shoots him in the back. The hit spins the assassin around, at which point Neil fires another round that hits him in the chest, before his car runs over the assassin, killing him. Just as the driver is about to reach the exit, Cheritto steps out from behind the fence and kills him by emptying a shotgun into the truck. The now driverless and bullet-riddled truck rolls to a stop against the berm. As they leave, Neil examines the package and finds nothing but scrap paper. Neil later calls Van Zant and tells him to forget about the payment and very slyly threatens to kill him. What Neil, Shiherlis and Cheritto do not realize is that in this time, Waingro has started to work for Van Zant. Nor do they know that the guard Waingro shot in the armored car robbery is not Waingro's first victim: he is a serial killer who kills young prostitutes. Later, while at a party with his fellow detectives, Hanna is called away to a motel where one of Waingro's victims has been found stuffed into a garbage can by a pool. Hanna is exasperated upon learning that the dead girl's family has shown up. When the distraught mother arrives, Hanna stops her from seeing her daughter's body and holds her while she wails. Neil and his men begin to pull another heist at a precious metals repository. Cheritto deactivates the alarm system above the ground on a utility pole and Shiherlis begins to crack a safe inside, while Neil himself stands guard out front watching for trouble. Across the street, hidden in moving vans, Hanna, his detectives, and a SWAT team, observe the scene, watching Neil stand guard, on infrared monitoring equipment. While they watch, one of the SWAT team members in Hanna's van sits down, banging his rifle against the wall of the truck. Neil, standing watch outside, hears the noise. He looks right in the direction of the police surveillance trucks. Realizing they're being watched, he quickly enters the repository and orders Shiherlis and Cheritto to withdraw, to Shiherlis' chagrin. The three men leave empty-handed and Hanna orders the SWAT officers on the stakeout to let the crew go, as he knows that simple breaking-and-entering would carry a shorter sentence than outright theft would. A short time later, Hanna and his team observe Neil, Cheritto and Shiherlis seemingly casing another job near a shipyard. When Neil and his guys leave, Hanna and his men go to the scene and try to figure out what Neil's next heist will be. They determine that there's nothing worth stealing from any of the businesses in the immediate area. Suddenly, Hanna has an epiphany; he realizes that Neil's casing of the area was a ruse to lure himself and his crew out in the open. Neil, from a high vantage point on a cargo crane, takes pictures of the detectives with a high-powered camera. With the pictures, Neil is able, through Nate, to identify Hanna and his men. When Neil meets with Nate to pick up the schematics for Kelso's bank heist, Nate tells him about Vincent, who has a long and successful history of taking down major criminals and that Vincent "admires" Neil. Neil decides that the heist is still worth the risk. Vincent returns to his house & finds that his wife is gone. Vincent decides to join a surveillance team trailing Neil in unmarked cars and a helicopter on an LA freeway. Vincent is taken to one of the ground units and pulls Neil over, seemingly on a routine traffic violation. He cheerfully invites Neil to join him at a nearby restaurant where they both reflect on their own personal lives. During their meeting Hanna says that while he may not like it, he will kill McCauley if need be to prevent the latter from killing an innocent. McCauley points out the "flip side" by saying that he will not hesitate to kill if the cops box him in. McCauley also explains the purpose of his "30 seconds" creed by saying he never wants to go back to prison. The best-laid plans of the thieves for the bank heist are being secretly thwarted behind the scenes by Waingro. Waingro has been laying low since Neil's attempt on his life at the truck stop; he eventually meets Van Zant after looking for criminal work in a biker bar after one of his prostitute killings. Waingro leads Van Zant to Trejo, who calls Neil and tells him that the police are following him. Neil tells Trejo to head in the opposite direction to throw the police off them. When Neil receives the call, he, Shiherlis and Cheritto are eating at a local diner. Neil has just spotted an old prison friend of his behind the grill - an ex-con named Donald Breedan (Dennis Haysbert), who is currently frustrated with his job as a short-order cook, especially since the manager is a jerk who treats him like dirt and extorts part of his pay. Neil approaches Breedan and offers to give him the job of getaway driver as a last-minute substitute for Trejo. Given how much he hates his boss, Breedan simply cannot refuse Neil's offer and quits, pausing momentarily to throw his slimy and oppressive boss to the floor. With his wife being beaten and raped by Waingro and Van Zant's crew, Trejo is forced to reveal Neil's latest plans. One of Van Zant's subordinates, a police informant named Hugh Benny (Henry Rollins), then tips off the police as to which bank Neil plans to hit. At 11:30 A.M., Neil's enters the Far East National Bank downtown. While Breedan waits in the car, Neil, Cheritto and Shiherlis take up strategic positions inside the bank's lobby wearing business suits to hide their weapons and spare magazines. They enter through different doors to avoid raising suspicion. Once inside the lobby, they take up positions near lobby guards. Neil and Cheritto station themselves at either end of the lobby, while Shiherlis waits in line at a teller's desk. Cheritto gives a small cough, signaling for him and Neil to slip on their ski masks. At that point, Shiherlis sets down a briefcase at the teller's desk, then suddenly whirls around and hits the guard closest to him with a small sap, and tackles him to the floor. Simultaneously, Neil and Cheritto whip out assault rifles, order everyone in the bank to get on the floor, and disarm the other guards by binding their hands behind their backs with zip ties and then removing their service weapons. Neil stands atop the teller windows and informs the customers that they are not going to be hurt and they won't lose their own money because it's insured by the federal government. He then punches an uncooperative bank manager in the mouth, grabs the man's vault key, and hands it to Shiherlis. While Neil and Cheritto guard the lobby, Shiherlis unlocks the double doors to the vault, unloads a set of empty gym bags, and begins packing the money into them. The money sheets are packed so tightly that Shiherlis has to cut the wrapping open with a folding knife to fit them in. Shiherlis loads three bags, each one containing $4 million - two for Neil and one for himself. Neil relays one bag over to Cheritto in the lobby, who removes his ski mask, dons a set of sunglasses and begins to walk out. Meanwhile, at LAPD headquarters, a detective receives a phone call from Hugh Benny about Neil and his crew planning to rob the bank and quickly relays it to Casals who shouts out the location and all of the officers, Hanna included, race to the bank. When they arrive, they see that Neil and his crew have already begun to exit the bank. Hanna orders everyone to capture them in the car and to watch their backgrounds if they have to begin shooting. At the bank, Neil and his crew quietly leave the bank carrying their bags over their shoulders. Cheritto walks across the plaza to the getaway car where Breedan waits, climbs into the backseat, and laughs as he pats Breedan's shoulder. Once Cheritto has gotten into the car, Neil walks across the plaza and climbs into the shotgun seat. The last to cross the plaza is Shiherlis. Just as Shiherlis reaches the getaway car, a U-Haul truck moves and he spots an armed Drucker and Casals standing across the street. Shiherlis immediately raises his rifle and opens fire on Drucker and Casals. As bystanders dive for cover, Hanna and Bosko, stationed just up the sidewalk, open fire on Shiherlis. Cheritto fires a burst out the left passenger window, and Shiherlis turns and fires at Hanna and Bosko. Despite wearing a bulletproof vest, Bosko suddenly falls when a bullet hits him in the neck and is killed almost instantly. Shiherlis then gets into the car as Hanna checks Bosko's pulse. Breedan starts to pull away from the curb, tires screeching, as Shiherlis fires a burst out the rear window. Drucker and Casals break cover and run down the street. Cheritto fires at them through a side window. Seeing a police roadblock forming ahead of them, Neil fires through the front windshield. Sprinting to the street corner, Drucker raises his shotgun and shoots out the getaway car's left rear tire. As Breedan tries to regain control of the car, Drucker and Casals open up on the car. Breedan is killed when a bullet strikes him in the head, and the getaway car rear-ends an abandoned vehicle. Neil, Shiherlis and Cheritto get out of their car as police officers behind the roadblock begin firing pistols and shotguns at them, and open fire. Hanna and his remaining detectives, pursuing on foot, fire on the three robbers from behind as they exchange fire with the police officers, whose only cover is a chain of six police cars. Several of the officers manning the roadblock are wounded. Neil, Cheritto and Shiherlis fire back at Hanna's men, providing suppressing fire for each other as they advance up the street, while the others shoot at the blockade, riddling the police cars with bullet holes. Cheritto manages to shoot one of Hanna's other detectives, Schwartz (Jerry Trimble), and becomes separated from Neil and Shiherlis. Shiherlis reaches the roadblock first, and while firing at a police car has failed to check to his left. Casals spots Chris and shoots him in the shoulder. Neil fires another suppressing burst at the police cars, bringing down another officer, then slings the wounded Shiherlis over his shoulder and carries him toward a grocery store parking lot. As Neil makes his way across the parking lot, two officers - one carrying a shotgun and another carrying a pistol - come running around the corner. Neil fires a burst at the officers. At that point, Hanna comes running around. Neil fires another burst, and the shotgun-wielding officer is hit in the chest. Hanna is pinned down as Neil continues firing at him. With a clean opening, he fires four times at Neil, but misses. Neil promptly returns fire, and Hanna is unable to fire back because of civilians running around in front of him trying to avoid Neil's gunfire. By the time he has a clean aim, Hanna can only watch as Neil puts Shiherlis into the backseat of an abandoned station wagon, climbs into the front seat, backs out onto the street (pushing another car with it), and drives off. Hanna hears more shots and takes off running towards the sound. The noise is Cheritto, who is being chased by Drucker and Casals. As Cheritto exchanges fire with them, Hanna arrives. As bystanders flee a nearby plaza, a little girl remains behind. Cheritto then trips in a water fountain, gets back up, and grabs the little girl as a human shield. He then opens fire on Drucker and Casals with his rifle. Hanna runs over, takes up a position behind Cheritto, and draws a bead on him. Hanna waits until Cheritto turns around towards him, giving him a clean aim. When Cheritto turns around, he has only a split second to realize he has forgotten to check his surroundings before Hanna fires, the bullet hitting Cheritto flush in the forehead, killing him instantly. Hanna then grabs the little girl and carries her away as Drucker, Casals, and two uniformed officers run up to the fallen Cheritto and train their weapons on him. Neil takes Chris to a cooperative doctor named Bob (Jeremy Piven), who treats Chris' wound. Neil arranges for Nate to pick Chris up and keep him hidden until Neil can find another way for them to escape LA - Neil doesn't trust the "out" he'd already arranged and has to find a new way to leave town which could take several hours for Nate to arrange. Chris is heavily sedated after having his wound treated but tells Neil he won't leave without Charlene. Neil tells him to seriously consider the idea because of the high risk. Neil also tells him that he believes it was Trejo who betrayed them and he has to find him. Neil goes to Trejo's house with the intent to kill him, only to find he's too late: Trejo lies severely beaten and dying and his wife already dead. In his final moments, Trejo tells Neil that Waingro and Van Zant are responsible. Trejo inquires into his wife's whereabouts, and Neil informs him that she is dead. Distraught over his wife's death, Trejo tells Neil, "Don't leave me like this". Respecting Trejo's final wishes, Neil mercifully kills him and goes to Van Zant's house, where Van Zant is watching a hockey game. As he's watching, he is startled when Neil throws a patio chair through the living room window, shattering it. Neil trains his pistol on Van Zant and demands to know Waingro's whereabouts. When Van Zant claims he doesn't know, Neil shoots him dead. Meanwhile, the police move Charlene and her son Dominic to a safe house. Sgt. Drucker explains that Charlene will be charged as an accessory to her husband and serve jail time if she refuses to turn him over to the police. Drucker also informs her that her son will become a foster child and more prone to a criminal life if she will not cooperate. Shiherlis, slightly recovered from the bullet wound he received from Casals, eventually shows up, sporting a new hairstyle to disguise his identity. However, despite their marital problems, his wife surreptitiously warns him that the police are present. The two share one last emotional look before Chris gets back in his car. He comes close to being caught as he passes a police checkpoint, but a fake ID card shows that he has a different identity and Drucker orders Chris to be let go. Neil inadvertently breaks his "30 seconds" creed by asking his new girlfriend Eady, who he met while researching the precious metals heist, to flee the country with him. Nate had made prior arrangements for the two to escape to New Zealand; however, upon receiving a tip concerning Waingro's whereabouts from Nate (thanks to Nate's police contacts), Neil makes the impulsive decision to kill him in his hotel room, which is near the airport. After setting off the hotel's emergency alarm to clear the area, Neil breaks in and executes Waingro by shooting him twice in the chest and once in the head, then escapes after disarming a stakeout detective. Having beaten further information out of Hugh Benny, Hanna finds out where Waingro is staying and had one of his detectives leak Waingro's location to other snitches, bail bondsmen and criminals on the street in the hope that Neil would go for him. From a distance, Hanna spots Eady calmly waiting in Neil's car. Recalling the "30 seconds" discussion that he and Neil had at the coffee shop (during which Neil mentioned his girlfriend), Hanna becomes suspicious and approaches Eady. At that moment, Neil emerges from the building and begins heading for his car, only to realize that Hanna has spotted him. Hanna grabs a shotgun and begins moving towards Neil. At this critical and emotional moment, Neil defaults to his "30 seconds" rule and abandons Eady; he disappears into the crowd with Hanna in pursuit. Neil jumps over the perimeter fence of the airport and heads to the freight terminal. Hanna is close behind and the two briefly exchange gunfire until Neil moves again, finding refuge behind the ILS and electronic control system buildings near one of the airport's runways. Hanna follows and the two play a tense game of cat-and-mouse in the dark. Neil notices that bright runway lights turn on periodically for landing planes; realising that Hanna will be temporarily blinded, he makes a move to take out Hanna. However, as Neil steps out to shoot with the lights at his back, Hanna is able to see Neil's shadow and, by a fraction of a second, shoots first, hitting Neil in the shoulder. As the lights go down, Hanna quickly gains clear sight of Neil and, knowing he will not go quietly, shoots him several times in the chest. Hanna, knowing that he has more in common with Neil than anyone else in his life, moves to comfort his would-be killer and takes his hand in his own. Neil reciprocates, taking some solace in his mortal wounds as he will not have to go back to prison. The two men share a final, reflective moment together before McCauley dies. 
 De-Lovely (2004)Summaries Inspecting a magical biographical stage musical, composer Cole Porter reviews his life and career with his wife, Linda. De-Lovely is an original musical portrait of American composer Cole Porter, filled with his unforgettable songs. In the film, Porter is looking back on his life as if it was one of his spectacular stage shows, with the people and events of his life becoming the actors and action onstage. Through elaborate production numbers and popular hits like "Anything Goes," "It's De-Lovely," and "Night and Day," Porter's elegant, excessive past comes to light - including his deeply complicated relationship with his wife and muse, Linda Lee Porter. Anonymous Educated fleas in this vale of tears: the marriage of Cole Porter and his wife, Linda, told loosely as a three-act review with Porter watching. In act one, Porter and Linda meet in Paris, fall in love and marry with her knowledge of his being gay; on to Venice and New York, where parties, music, and their love lead him to decide to compose professionally. Act two is New York and Hollywood, where success awaits, as do an increasing number of young men who take Porter's attention from Linda and leave her lonely and apart. Act three begins with a crippling accident that brings Linda back to Porter's side, their attentiveness to each other renewed in his pain and her illness. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Double Jeopardy (1999)541) A woman framed for her husband's murder suspects he is still alive; as she has already been tried for the crime, she can't be re-prosecuted if she finds and kills him. When Nick Parsons appears to be murdered his wife Libby is tried and convicted. Six years later Libby is paroled and is pursued by Travis Lehman (her parole officer) as she sets out to find her son and settle the score with Nick. Les MacDonald at <mcmac@mb.sympatico.ca> In the Whidbey Island, Libby is happily married with her husband Nick Parsons and their son Matty. Nick is having financial problems but promises to Libby to buy a sailboat if she likes her. They go to sail in the vessel while Libby's best friend Angie stays with Matty. During the night, Libby and Nick drink wine and make love. When Libby wakes up, she and the boat are covered with blood and Nick is missing. She finds the galley's knife on the deck and out of the blue, the US Coast Guard arrives. They unsuccessfully look for Nick's body and later Libby is becomes the prime suspect to kill her husband to receive an insurance policy and is sentenced to prison. Angie and Matty stop visiting Libby and she finds that her best friend has moved to San Francisco. She calls her from the prison and finds that Nick is alive by chance and living with Angie. Libby befriends her cellmate Margaret, who is a former lawyer, and she gives advices to Libby. Six years later, Libby is on probation under the care of her tough officer and former lawyer and Professor Travis. But she is determined to find Matty, Angie and Nick. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Libby Parsons appears happily married to Nick and has a wonderful son, Matty. While spending the night on a sailboat Nick has proposed as a gift, Libby wakes up and finds Nick gone and blood all over the boat and she picks up the bloody knife. When an investigation begins, it's discovered that Nick was in financial trouble and had a two million dollar life insurance policy. Libby is arrested and tried for murder. She entrusts Matty to the care of their friend, Angela. Angela and Matty fail to make a prison visit and Libby tracks Angela down in San Francisco and during the calls while speaking to Matty he calls out a hello to Daddy and she learns that Nick is alive. A fellow inmate informs her that since she's been convicted of killing Nick already, she can now actually kill him and not be charged. After seven years she's paroled and placed in the custody of Travis, a parole officer. When she tries to find Matty, she breaks a few laws and violates her parole restrictions. She escapes custody to look for her son with Travis on her trail. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Libby Parsons seems to have it all. Her husband, Nick, is devoted to her and their four-year-old son Matty. The family live in a beautiful home on the Pacific Northwest waterfront. When Nick scores yet another business triumph, he proposed buying Libby a sailboat to celebrate. Leaving Matty with their friend Angie, who is a teacher at Matty's preschool, the couple set sail for a romantic weekend. Libby wakes up and finds she is covered in blood and Nick is gone. Dizzy and disoriented, she follows a trail of blood to the upper deck. Nick is not there but Libby sees a bloody knife and picks it up. The lights of a Coast Guard boat flash and a voice orders Libby to drop the knife. It turns out a mayday was received from the Parsons' yacht where Nick advises them he has been stabbed. Tests reveal that the blood found on the yacht was the same type as Nick's. It is presumed that the couple had an argument and Libby attacked Nick. He managed to send a mayday alert before falling or being pushed overboard. Despite the fact that no body is found, Libby is charged with murder. No one believes her story, not even the sheriff who is a family friend. Frantic over what will happen to Matty if she is found guilty, Libby signs over custody to Angie. Nick had a $2 million life insurance policy -- which police believe was the motive for his murder -- and Libby has the money put in Matty's name. The jury finds Libby guilty. She is taken to a women's prison several hours away. At first Angie regularly brings Matty to visit. When they stop coming, Libby telephones Angie but the number is disconnected. She is inconsolable until a fellow prisoner tells her to use her brain. It is not that easy to disappear and Angie must have left a forwarding address with someone. Libby calls the preschool pretending to be Angie and says she hasn't received her final paycheck. She asks to confirm the forwarding address and phone number, and the secretary provides the information. Angie and Matty are in San Francisco. Angie answers the phone and Libby angrily confronts her. Obviously startled that Libby has managed to track her down, Angie stammers that she was intending to bring Matty for a visit. Libby spends a few minutes talking to her son. Suddenly Nick, alive and well, enters the room. Matty shouts "Daddy!" while Angie tries to shush him. Nick yanks the phone away and hangs up, but Libby hears enough to realize what has happened. Nick staged his own murder so he could disappear because of his business financial issues and he set Libby up to take the blame for his murder while he relocated with Angie and his son. Libby contacts her lawyer, the sheriff, and the insurance company but no one believes her that Nick is alive. Libby finds the San Francisco phone number to be no longer in service. A fellow prisoner, who was once a lawyer before killing her husband, comes to her aid. Libby is informed that she can't be tried twice for the same crime. It is called double jeopardy. Once she is paroled, Libby can track Nick down, kill him, and get away with it. Libby's hatred of Nick fuels her and she begins exercising vigorously to strengthen her body. After 6 years, she is eligible for parole. Her friend warns her that in order to be released, she must admit to killing Nick and show great remorse to the parole board. It works and Libby is sent to a halfway house for three years. Upon arrival, she is apprised of the rules by the home's director, an embittered ex-lawyer named Travis. Curfew, finding employment, not associating with criminals, no drugs or alcohol. Any violation of these rules and she will be returned to prison to serve out her sentence. But Libby's only goal is to find Nick and her son and she has no intention of waiting three years. Instead of looking for a job, she goes to the preschool that once employed Angie. The school's director is sympathetic but refuses to tell her where Angie is now living. She reminds Libby that Matty has been with Angie for several years now and there is no need to disrupt his life. That night, Libby returns to the preschool and breaks in. The police arrive as she locates Angie's file and takes a page of information. She escapes by running down the beach but is eventually caught and taken to the local jail. Travis arrives the next morning to escort her back to prison. He is disgusted that she deliberately violated parole. The scrap of paper with Angie's address is in his possession. He drives them onto the ferry and handcuffs Libby's wrist to the outside door handle of his classic car. When he goes topside for a cup of coffee, to which he adds whiskey from a flask, Libby seizes her chance. Travis left the keys in the car and Libby manages to start it. Then she drives it back and forth, trying to smash the handcuffs and door handle against a post. The car in front of her is bumped and rolls off the boat into the ocean. Travis realizes what is going on and races to the lower level. Libby manages to lock the driver's door and Travis breaks the window and climbs in as she drives the car overboard. An alarm is sounded on the very and life preservers are tossed in the water. Underwater, Travis manages to unlock Libby's handcuff and she grabs his pistol. He tries to retrieve it and she hits him on the head before swimming away. His wound requires stitches. When he tells his boss what happened, he is reprimanded for letting a prisoner escape with his gun. Having the address to where Libby is likely headed, he sets off after her. Libby hitches a rides to her mother's farm. After receiving some hidden money from her mother she purchases an old green pickup truck and sets off. Travis sets out to follow and capture Libby without authorization. Libby goes to a BMW car dealership and pretends she is Angie. The car salesman does a credit check using Angie's social security number and Libby is asked to confirm her address in Evergreen Colorado and the salesman says her record shows her last name is Ryder and not Green. Travis coerces a former parolee who is now a government employee to search Angela Green's social security number to get her address. She has no trouble finding the address but Nick and Angie are not there. Another family owns the house. As a despondent Libby turns to leave, an old lady working in the yard next door tells her what happened to Nick and Angie, who she knew by different names. Several years earlier there was a gas explosion in the kitchen and Angie was killed. Nick and Matty moved away but the old lady doesn't know where. Libby goes to the public library and finds a newspaper account of the fire on microfiche. Apparently it was accidental, although Libby thinks that Nick murdered. In the newspaper picture of Angie taken at her home, Libby sees a Kandinsky painting in the background. Nick had a collection of these rare paintings and Libby thinks this might be a way to trace him. She drives to an art gallery and poses as a Kandinsky collector. The gallery employee looks on the internet and finds a painting recently sold by a Jonathan Devereaux of New Orleans. Libby recognizes the painting and is sure the seller is really Nick. Then Travis has spotted the pickup and enters the gallery. He was given a description of her truck by the elderly neighbor. While the employee excuses himself and goes to see what Travis wants, Libby finds Jonathan's address. She runs out the back door and escapes, smashing her truck into Travis's car that he used to block her vehicle. He gives chase on foot, but she eludes him. Later, she ditches the truck and gets on a plane to New Orleans. Travis checks the website at the gallery and knows where she is headed. Jonathan Devereaux is a well-respected hotel owner in New Orleans. Libby inquires for him at the desk but he is not there but is expected that night for a Bachelor's auction. When she asks about Matty, the receptionist becomes wary and refuses to provide any information. At another high end hotel Libby overhears an elderly female guest give her name and gets her room number. Libby uses the name and room number to purchase a designer evening gown and accessories from the hotel shop. She intends to be at the Bachelor's Auction that night to confront Jonathan. Travis arrives in New Orleans and checks in with the local police. They aren't much interested in the escaped parolee but agree to issue a be-on-the-lookout alert for Libby, complete with photo, once Travis explains she is out to kill a prominent local citizen with his stolen gun.. Since it is Mardi Gras, the crowds are heavy and finding her won't be easy. Libby attends the auction and bids on Jonathan. Nick is startled to hear her voice but cannot find her in the crowd. Another woman bids on him too but Libby keeps raising the bid and wins. She walks up to her husband and calls him Nick. He is eager to find out what she wants before she exposes him. Libby tells several of Johnathan's female friends that she is his wife and Shawn she asks him about Angie the women depart. When she asks why he did all that to her, he said he had been on the verge of bankruptcy and thought if he faked his death, the life insurance money would take care of her and Matty. He never dreamed she would be found guilty. Nick claims Angies's death was an accident but Libby is not buying it. Libby agrees to leave him alone if he will give her Matty. Jonathan says he is away at school. Libby says she will call the next day and he had better have the boy there Later that evening, Travis arrives at Nick's hotel. Jonathan swears he has no idea who this crazy woman is, pretending to be his wife. Travis warns him that she has a gun. Travis is not impressed with Jonathan and wonders if Libby's story could possibly be true. Travis spots some of the Kazinsky paintings on the wall. He contacts his office in Washington to get copies of Nick's driver license picture. earlier Libby is recognized by the owner of a bar where she is eating from a police bulletin picture. He warns her to watch out for the police, who have entered the bar. Since it is pouring rain, he loans her a red umbrella. Libby disappears into the crowds but not fast enough. Travis, who is riding in a patrol car, spots her. He gives chase and grabs the wrong woman. Once again Libby escapes. Libby calls Jonathan while he is speaking to Travis and tells him to bring Matty to a popular nearby cemetery the next day. It is a public place in case Jonathan tries anything. A funeral is taking place when they meet. Libby asks where Matty is and Jonathan points to a young boy some distance off. He says Matty is shy about seeing her again. Libby starts toward the boy and he runs away. She calls his name and chases him. Suddenly Jonathan steps out from behind a mausoleum and hits Libby on the head. He drags her into the mausoleum and puts her inside a coffin. The boy is waiting outside and Jonathan hands him some money. Obviously he is not Matty. Satisfied that his wife will trouble him no longer, Jonathan returns to his hotel. Travis pays him another visit and once again Jonathan insists that he knows nothing about a woman named Libby Parsons. Although he is now very suspicious, Travis has no choice but to leave. Libby awakes inside the coffin and screams when she sees a mummified body lying next to her. But there is no one to hear. The funeral is over and the cemetery is deserted. She remembers the gun and shoots the two hinges off. By pushing on the lid she manages to free herself. But she is still locked inside the mausoleum. She escapes by throwing a vase of dead flowers through the stained glass window. On her way back to the hotel, she comes face to face with Travis. Realizing that she can't get away this time, she bursts into tears and Travis tells her it is over and embraces her. Jonathan is less than welcoming when Travis returns to his office. Travis explains he asked the Department of Motor Vehicles in the state of Washington to fax him copies of Nicholas Parsons' driver license. Travis shoes him a picture of another man and then reveals that there were several Nicholas Parsons, six in fact, and that the third one was a picture of the man now known as Jonathan Devereaux. Jonathan tries to bluff and says it isn't a crime to change one's name. But there is the matter of insurance fraud. Travis pretends to start to call the police and then pretends to reconsider and asks for one million dollars to keep quiet. Jonathan doesn't have that kind of money on hand but offers Travis the hundred thousand he has in the safe in cash and the rest tomorrow. Johnathan explains that the problem with Libby is buried. Suddenly Libby bursts into the room, gun drawn. Jonathan reminds her that Louisiana is a death penalty state. Libby explains to him what she understands double jeopardy to mean and Travis backs her up. But all she wants is Matty. Jonathan says he is at St. Alban's school in Georgia. Libby shoots a hole in one of Nick's paintings. Travis and Libby threaten to frame Johnathan for Libby's murder. As Travis and Libby go to leave Jonathan draws his own gun and shoots Travis. A brief scuffle ensures and in the end Jonathan/Nick is shot by Libby. As Travis is treated by paramedics, the police chief says that Mrs. Parsons has inherited herself a hotel. Libby doesn't want it and prepares to take off. But Travis stops her. She is still wanted by the police and must return to Seattle but he will testify on her behalf to get a full pardon. Since he had secretly recorded the conversation with Jonathan on his cell phone, which positively identified Jonathan as Nick Parsons, the charges against Libby will be cleared. Libby and Travis travel together to St. Alban's school. Travis has been fired from his job as a parole officer. Libby and Matty are at last reunited. Matty explains that his father and Angie had told him his mother was dead. 
 Bug (2006)541) An unhinged war veteran holes up with a lonely woman in a spooky Oklahoma motel room. The line between reality and delusion is blurred as they discover a bug infestation. Having escaped her abusive ex-husband Goss, recently released from state prison, Agnes, a lonely waitress with a tragic past moves into a sleazy, rundown motel. Her lesbian co-worker R.C. introduces her to Peter, a peculiar, paranoiac drifter and they begin a tentative romance. However, things aren't always as they appear and Agnes is about to experience a claustrophobic nightmare reality as the bugs begin to arrive... alfiehitchie The loser and lonely waitress Agnes lives in a cheap motel in Okalahoma grieving the disappearance of her beloved son Lloyd ten years ago. Her abusive ex-husband Jerry Goss has just left prison on probation and is insistently calling her. When her colleague and only friend, the lesbian RC, brings her drifter acquaintance Peter Evans to visit her, they have an affair and Peter stays with Agnes in her room. Peter finds bugs in their bed, and discloses to Agnes that he was a soldier in the Gulf War submitted to experiments by the army and presently he is infested with bugs. Agnes feels the same symptoms and the couple believes in Peter's conspiracy theory of the American government. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Agnes White lives in a remote motel in Oklahoma. Her life is what it is. She works at a honky-tonk. She has a lesbian friend. They do coke sometimes. She needs a man like a hole in the head, she says. Her ex-husband, Jerry Goss, now in prison, was no prize. One night, her phone keeps ringing, and when she picks it up, she only hears breathing on the other end. Agnes is annoyed. It must mean that Goss is out. Her friend brings over a guy. He's good looking, a bit quiet. He knows his comments about the government and about how he can "pick up on things" put people off. He ends up spending the night on the couch. He assumes Agnes will hate him like most people do. But she doesn't, just the opposite. She won't admit it, but she needs someone. The guy's name is Peter Evans, and he'll be the one who finds the aphid in her bed. And he'll soon have a theory on where it came from. J. Spurlin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Opening on a dark evening, Agnes White (Ashley Judd) is a 30-something woman living in a run-down motel in rural Oklahoma. She is smoking a cigarette outside of her motel room when her phone rings. She answers it, but no one says anything. Flustered, she goes about her business, but her phone keeps on ringing. Every time she picks it up, no one says anything. She thinks that it's her ex-husband Jerry Goss, since he just got out of prison and she has a restraining order against him. However, she can't confirm this because the caller never says anything. The next morning, she goes outside and finds a flier for a body shop on her windshield, also noticing that none of the other cars have the flier. She throws it away and goes to the grocery store to buy some food and alcohol, where she is startled by a man reaching for a bottle. That evening, Agnes goes to work where she's a waitress at a lesbian bar. Her best friend and co-worker Ronnie 'R.C.' (Lynn Collins) startles her, and they talk. Agnes wants to come over to R.C.'s house after work, but R.C. tells her that her lesbian live-in lover is fighting a custody battle with her ex-husband for custody of her children and that R.C.'s and Agnes' presence would be a bad influence, but they argree to meet at Agnes' motel room later. R.C. wants to introduce Agnes to a man standing at the jukebox, but Agnes is wary to get back in a relationship so soon. Later that evening, R.C. and Peter Evans (Michael Shannon) arrive at Agnes motel room. The two women drink, smoke dope, snort cocaine, and even make out with each other, but Peter is shy and quiet. While Peter uses the bathroom, they joke that he's probably a serial killer. R.C. gets a phone call and talks loudly while Peter insists that he's not a killer. He's awkward around Agnes, and things get more awkward when he tells her that she's beautiful. R.C. tells them that she has to go back to the bar due to a problem, so she takes off while Peter decides to stay. Agnes asks if Peter would like a drink, but he says that he should probably go. They talk while they walk outside of the motel, getting to know each other better. Agnes asks him if he's gay because he took little interest in her makeout session with R.C., and he says "no". He explains that, like Agnes with R.C., he has experimented with the same sex, but he does not consider himself gay or bisexual or bi-curious like she is. Peter doesn't consider himself much of anything, and claims that he has been alone for a long time. When she asks Peter where he lives, he says that he's "kind of living in-between places" (coded talk meaning that he's homeless). She offers to let him stay the night, and he accepts. While Agnes gets ready for bed, we see that Peter's experiencing some pain in his tooth. During the night, as Peter lays on the couch and Agnes on the bed, Peter looks at the ceiling fan and hears helicopters. He gets up and asks Agnes if she wouldn't mind if he slept on the floor. As they both lay in their places, neither can readily go to sleep. The next morning, Agnes gets up and hears him in the shower. She goes to the kitchen and pours herself some coffee. As he gets out of the shower, Agnes thanks him for making coffee. However, it's not Peter in the shower... its her ex-husband Jerry (Harry Connick Jr.). He gets dressed and gets in an argument with Agnes. She doesn't want him there, and when she brings up their son Lloyd, Jerry smacks her across the face. He doesn't ever want her to bring up his name again, and then Peter returns. Jerry acts very tough around Peter, who appears very weak. Eventually, Jerry warns Agnes that he'll be back and leaves. Peter helps her sit down and gets a rag to hold against her bloodied face. He gets her some aspirin, and takes some himself for his tooth. He tells Agnes that he left earlier to get some breakfast for them at a diner just down the road, and apologizes for taking her motel room key. Agnes tells him about Jerry, and how abusive he can be. Peter asks her if she has a son, and she says she doesn't. Peter knows that shes lying, and she eventually tells him that her son went missing while she took him shopping at a grocery store. She gave up looking for him two years ago, and becomes very emotional when talking about him. She tells Peter that he can stay another night, since she gets afraid at night. Even though he hasn't been with a woman in a long time, Peter says that he would like to go to bed with her. They have sex, and in the middle of the night Peter gets up and turns on a light. He just got bitten by a bug, and he searches the bed for it, waking Agnes up. He finds the bug on the bed, but Agnes can't see it. He holds a lamp with one hand and the bug in another, but she still can't see it. Agnes wants to go back to sleep and tells him that its just a bed bug, but Peter tells her that its not. Its an aphid; plant lice. He tries to explain it to her, but all it does is confuse her. Peter searches the bed for more aphids and gets Agnes to help him. She loves hearing Peter talk, and then he tells her that someone's after him. He refuses to tell her why, and gets dressed in a hurry. Peter doesn't want to get Agnes caught up in his troubles, so hes going to leave. Agnes tries to get him to stay, since she's lonely and doesnt have that many friends. Peter leaves the room and runs away from the motel. Agnes breaks down and cries in the bathroom. Peter comes back and talks to her through the bathroom door. He tells her that he was in the U.S. Army, and that people have experimented on him. He doesn't know what he's infected with, but she might have it too now that theyve had sex. He breaks down and cries, telling her that hes sorry and explains how vicious the scientific experiments were. He escaped from the army, and they have been after him ever since. He decides to stay with Agnes, and they embrace as they hear helicopters near them, which violently shake the room. The next day, Peter has changed the motel room. Fly catchers hang from the ceiling in every room, along with blue bug zappers. He's taken out Lloyd's possessions because he had a microscope, and takes a blood sample from his finger (which he inspects with the microscope). Jerry breaks into the room using a credit card, and Peter startles him. Agnes isn't there, but Jerry has decided to move in. He talks down to Peter, who constantly slaps his own body for bugs. Jerry doesn't see anything, and Peter sees that there are bugs in his blood. Agnes and R.C. enter the room, and both of them get upset that Jerry's there. Agnes and Peter force Jerry to leave after he's rude to everyone. Peter tells Agnes that there are bugs in his blood, but R.C. keeps on talking over him (which upsets him). He tells her that she has bugs in her too, and Agnes says that theyre underneath her skin. R.C. doesn't see any bugs anywhere, but Agnes decides to show her by cutting into her arm with a paper clip. R.C. tells Peter that they went to the hospital, and the doctors didn't find anything wrong with Agnes. Peter's upset that she went to see a doctor, and R.C. tells them that there's nothing wrong with him either. Peter lifts up his shirt and shows that his body has several scratches on it. R.C. tells Peter that a man came in to see her at the bar, looking for him. The man's name is Dr. Sweet, and wouldn't tell her anything else specific. Peter grows upset that Dr. Sweet knows where he is, and that R.C. can tell him whenever she wants. R.C. tells Agnes to pack her stuff, and wants her to come live with her for a while (regretting ever introducing them to each other). Peter then takes off his shirt and starts to swat bugs around him. R.C. still can't see anything, but Peter convulses on the bed. R.C. and Agnes wrap him in blankets until he calms down. Agnes then slaps R.C. in the face for trying to take her away from Peter. She tells her to leave and never come back. Shocked, R.C. gets her stuff and leaves the room. Later that night, Peter lies down on the floor, resting his head in Agnes' lap. Even though they haven't known each other for a while, she can't get over how much she loves him. We see that Agnes now too has several scratch marks all over her body. Eventually, Peter comes to the conclusion that he was infected with bugs as part of an experiment, and that they placed several eggs in his tooth. Peter grabs a pair of pliers and rips out his tooth. Agnes wants him to stop, but he then goes to the bathroom and rips out more of his teeth. Very bloody and in much pain, Peter examines his tooth through the microscope and cowers in terror. Agnes looks through the microscope and sees millions of bugs in his tooth. A little later on, Dr. Sweet (Brian F. O'Byrne) approaches the room and knocks on the door. When he does, we see that the room is only lit by the blue bug zappers, and everything is wrapped in tin foil. He tries to convince Agnes to open the door, and she gradually crawls her way towards the door. Jerry bursts into the room and holds her down. Dr. Sweet tells him to leave, saying that he'll handle this. Jerry waits outside, and Dr. Sweet asks where Peter is. Agnes won't tell him, since he told her that Dr. Sweet is the one who experimented on him. Dr. Sweet informs Agnes that Peter is a delusional paranoid, with schizophrenic tendencies. Dr. Sweet claims he's here to help, but she's convinced that he just wants to take him back to the army to conduct more experiments. Dr. Sweet sees a glass pipe on a dresser, which appears to be for smoking crystal meth. He asks Agnes how often she uses it. She says that she takes it whenever she wants, and Dr. Sweet asks her permission to smoke some. He sits down and starts to fire it up when Agnes tells him to be careful, since he's sitting on gallons of gasoline. After smoking a bit, he tells her that he needs her help to take Peter to get help. Medical professionals can operate on Peter and get the bugs out of him. He then tells Agnes that he knows where her son is. Agnes asks if he's alive, and Dr. Sweet nods 'yes'. He will tell her where Lloyd is, if she helps him. Peter then comes out of the bathroom, very bloody from wounds on his chest and face. He holds Dr. Sweet at knife point while Agnes tells him that he knows where Lloyd is. Dr. Sweet prepares a needle behind his back, but before he can do anything with it Peter stabs him in the chest. Peter continues to viciously stab Dr. Sweet to death. Agnes grows hysterical and asks why he killed Dr. Sweet. Peter says that Dr. Sweet is not a human, but an android sent by the army. Agnes doesn't believe him, but Peter insists that Dr. Sweet has artificial blood and that he's a robot. He then goes on a psychotic rant, explaining that every human has been injected with a computer chip at birth since 1982 and that the army has been choosing specific people to be test subjects. During the rant, Peter also says that the microchip turns people into brainless killer zombies, and that Timothy McVeigh was one of them. He figures that none of this is a coincidence, and that Agnes was brought into the situation on purpose. He forces her to think about what she knows that she may not know. More paranoid than ever, Agnes comes to the conclusion that Lloyd was kidnapped by the army, and that the bugs were part of a weapons experiment. We see that the phone is disconnected and hear someone knocking on the door. It's a pizza delivery guy, and they freak out since neither remembering ordering any pizza. They slide money beneath the door and tell the delivery guy to just leave the pizza on the ground. Very cautiously, Peter opens the door and Agnes grabs the pizza. Before they can eat any, Peter grabs a piece and inspects it through the microscope. He sees bugs on the pizza and flips out. They come up with a conspiracy that R.C. is working for the army, and purposefully brought them together so that the experiment could be further carried out. Peter is the drone, and Agnes is the queen bug. They hear helicopters and the room begins to violently shake as they both maniacally laugh. Jerry tries to break his way inside the room, but they block the door with the bed mattresses and Agnes injures his hand with a staple gun. The room shakes uncontrollably from the army helicopters, but Jerry is the only one outside. Fully insane, Peter and Agnes douse the room with gasoline. They then strip naked and douse themselves with gasoline, convinced that they have to kill themselves to prevent the spread of the infection from getting out of the room. Peter and Agnes profess their love for each other. Peter strikes a match, setting themselves on fire and destroying the room as it's immediately consumed by flames. 