nm0005438:

 Waitress (2007)541) Jenna is a pregnant, unhappily married waitress in the deep south. She meets a newcomer to her town and falls into an unlikely relationship as a last attempt at happiness. Jenna is unhappily married, squirreling away money, and hoping to win a pie-baking contest so, with the prize money, she'll have enough cash to leave her husband Earl. She finds herself pregnant, which throws her plans awry. She bakes phenomenal pies at Joe's diner, listens to old Joe's wisdom, tolerates her sour boss Cal, is friends with Dawn and Becky (her fellow waitresses), and finds a mutual attraction with the new doctor in town. As the pregnancy advances, life with Earl seems less tolerable, a way out less clear, and the affair with the doctor complicated by his marriage. What options does a waitress have? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Jenna is a small-town waitress at Joe's Diner, who has a great knack at making delicious pies there. However, Jenna is in an unhappy marriage to her controlling and immature husband, Earl, who always takes the money she works hard for, but Jenna keeps some of it hidden from him. Jenna suddenly finds her life has taken an unexpected turn when she discovers she's pregnant with Earl's baby. But the unhappy pregnancy changes Jenna's life as she becomes determined to win the $25,000 pie contest prize money and begins an affair with her handsome, married gynecologist that gives her confidence and an attempt at happiness. r2k443 In the American south, Jenna Hunterson is a waitress at Joe's Pie Diner in Redhook. Along with Becky and Dawn, the other waitresses, Jenna makes the pies for the diner, she who is known in her circles as the best. She funnels her energies into her creative pie making, this love and skill which was passed down to her by her now deceased mother. Her newer pie creations are always a reflection of what is happening in her life at the time. Otherwise, her life is a fairly unhappy one because of the people in her life. Cal, the diner's manager, is always barking orders, never providing compliments. Jenna more often than not is tasked with waiting on Joe, the elderly owner of the diner, she who has to cater to his different but constantly demanding order peccadilloes or else. Even though Becky and Dawn are her close friends and confidantes, their lives are as screwed up as Jenna's and thus they can't provide her much constructive guidance. However, even Becky and Dawn would rather be themselves than Jenna, largely because of Jenna's husband, Earl, who she fears and hates because of his controlling behavior. That control includes keeping all the household money, even her diner wages and tips, and treating her like his sole property. She doesn't have the means to leave him, she secretly hiding money from him to enter the United States of Pie bake off with a $25,000 first prize, the contest which he would not allow her to enter if he knew what she was doing. That control is why she is dismayed to learn that she is pregnant with his baby, from one of their infrequent sexual encounters when he got her drunk. Although she plans to keep the baby, she plans not to tell him until absolutely necessary, and treat the pregnancy as a cold-hearted fact with respect but not love, as she realizes this baby will tie her more to him. As Jenna goes through her pregnancy, she has to deal with a new physician, Dr. Jim Pomatter, a nervous but otherwise sweet man. Although Dr. Pomatter is also married, he and Jenna embark on an affair, and although they seem to be falling in love, she doesn't want him to save her. If Jenna can delve under the surface of these relationships, she may get a clearer picture of what her post-delivery life as a mother may be like. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jenna (Keri Russell), a waitress living in the American South (though the movie was actually shot in and around Canyon Country, California), is trapped in an unhappy marriage to a jealous, controlling, and abusive man named Earl (Jeremy Sisto). She works in Joe's Pie Diner, where her job includes creating the unique pies of her life, such as the "I Don't Want Earl's Baby" pie (aka Bad Baby pie) she invents after her unwanted pregnancy is confirmed. Jenna longs to run away from her dismal situation, and is hiding money to do so. Her only friends are Becky (Cheryl Hines) and Dawn (Adrienne Shelly), her fellow waitresses, and Joe (Andy Griffith), the curmudgeonly diner owner who encourages her to escape from her bad marriage and begin a new life elsewhere. Jenna's life changes dramatically after she meets her OB/GYN, Jim Pomatter (Nathan Fillion), a Connecticut transplant who has moved to the small town to accommodate his wife, who is completing her residency at the local hospital. Jenna and Jim embark on a passionate affair, and eventually Jenna thinks of him as not only her lover, but best friend as well. Jenna begins to keep a journal, addressing her thoughts to her unborn child. Between these entries and the various pies she creates, the audience witnesses her innermost hopes and dreams, concerns and fears, and slowly growing feelings for the baby she insisted she didn't want. Reluctant mother Jenna instantly falls in love with the baby girl she names Lulu. When Earl reminds Jenna of her promise earlier not to love the baby more than she does him, she gains the strength to tell him she hasn't loved him in years and will no longer put up with his possessive and abusive ways and wants a divorce. In retaliation he refuses to pay the hospital bills, and she is abruptly discharged. As Becky and Dawn are helping her prepare to leave the hospital to live with Dawn and her husband until she can formulate a plan for her future, Jenna remembers an envelope Joe had delivered to her when he too was admitted as a patient. In it she finds a handmade card with a sketch of her, a check for $270,450, and a message urging her to start fresh. As she departs from the hospital, Jenna ends her relationship with Jim and begins her life anew. An epilogue shows Jenna winning a pie contest and as the new owner of the diner where she worked, now called Lulu's Pies, serving brightly colored pies to her customers and friends. The final shot shows her walking home with toddler Lulu (played by Shelly's actual daughter, Sophie). 
 Wrong Turn (I) (2003)651) Chris and a group of five friends are left stranded deep in the middle of the woods after their cars collide. As they venture deeper into the woods, they face an uncertain and bloodcurdling fate. Chris Flynn is driving his car for a job interview in another city. However, an accident with a trunk transporting chemical products blocks the highway and Chris looks for an alternative route through the mountains of West Virginia to accomplish his schedule. Due to a lack of attention, he crashes another car parked in the middle of the road with flat tires. Chris meets a group of five friends, who intended to camp in the forest, and they decide to leave the couple Francine and Evan on the place, while Chris, Jessie, Carly and her fianc Scott tries to find some help. They find a weird cabin in the middle of nowhere, where three violent cannibalistic mountain men with the appearance of monsters live. The two couples try to escape from the mountain men while chased by them. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Chris Flynn is driving through the backwoods of West Virginia on the way to an interview when he has an accident with a group of five friends, writing off his car. Their car is also damaged, so four of them set off to find help, leaving two behind to watch the cars. One by one they get picked off by a bunch of mutated inbred hillbillies. grantss In a throwback to 1970's horror films such as "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre" and "The Hills Have Eyes", "Wrong Turn" is an independently-made horror film about a group of five youths on a hiking trip in the Appalachains of West Virginia who become prey to a family of cannibalistic mountain men who have become horribly disfigured through generations of in-breeding. ahmetkozan Chris Finn (Desmond Harrington) is on his way to a job interview and is driving through the mountains of West Virginia. There is then a chemical spill on the road, so being short on time, he decides to take a different route, an abandoned dirt road in the middle of nowhere. He then by accident crashes into a car sitting in the middle of the road. He then meets a group of friends on a hiking trip who include Jessie (Eliza Dushku) whom where stranded on the road. Two people stay at the car, and another group goes for help, only to find a sinister cabin nesteled in the West Virgina woods, that is home to a trio of cannibalistic mountain men horribly disfigured from years of in-breeding. They then make a mad dash for their lives through out the woods, only hoping to make it out alive. Scott Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Chris Finn (Desmond Harrington) is on his way to a job interview and is driving through the mountains of West Virginia. There is then a chemical spill on the road, so being short on time, he decides to take a different route, an abandoned dirt road in the middle of nowhere. He then by accident crashes into a car sitting in the middle of the road. He then meets a group of five friends on a hiking trip who include Jessie (Eliza Dushku) whom are stranded on the road. Two people stay at the car, and another group goes for help, only to find a sinister cabin nestled in the West Virgina woods, that is home to a trio of cannibalistic mountain men horribly disfigured from years of in-breeding. They then make a mad dash for their lives through out the woods, only hoping to make it out alive. ************************************************************************************************************************************************************** The movie begins with two college students, Halley (Yvonne Gaudry) and Rich (Joel Harris), who are rock climbing in the West Virginia Forest. Rich reaches the top, and looks at the view, while Halley continues to climb. Halley starts to struggle and falls, but her climbing line catches her. She calls for Rich to pull her up to the top of the cliff, but he doesn't respond. She sees Rich, lying dead, and then his body is thrown off the cliff. Then, someone starts to pull Halley up the cliff by her climbing line. She cuts the line and falls, landing on Rich's dead body. She manages to escape, and sees the trees moving and eerie laughs are heard. Halley almost reaches her car, but she trips over a piece of barbed wire, and is pulled back into the woods by an unseen force, screaming. Chris Flynn (Desmond Harrington), a medical student, is driving through the mountains of West Virginia on his way to a job interview. Due to a chemical spill in the road ahead, he is forced to take a different route. He stops at an old rundown gas station and meets an old man. The old man gives him directions to the other route, then shows Chris a map detailing where to go. Chris takes the dirt road and drives off. As Chris is driving, his car begins to lose control and crashes into a Range Rover stranded in the middle of the road. The car belongs to a group of friends on a hiking trip: Jessie (Eliza Dushku), Carly (Emmanuelle Chriqui), her fianc Scott (Jeremy Sisto), and a couple, Evan and Francine (Kevin Zegers and Lindy Booth). Jessie find a piece of barbed wire in the woods that was tied to a tree across the road after their tires were punctured. Jessie, Carly, and Scott go to the woods to find help. Chris joins them, while Evan and Francine stay with the cars. After Evan and Francine partake in a round of oral sex, Evan starts to fix their car, while Francine gets in Chris' car. While Evan is fixing the car, he hears a sound from the woods and goes to investigate. After a while, Francine notices that he is missing, and she goes into the woods to look for him. As Francine ventures further into the woods, she finds his sneaker and gasps as she finds Evan's severed ear. As Francine stumbles back, a figure wraps barbed wire around her mouth, tearing it open. As Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott try to find help, they find an isolated cabin. They go into the cabin and discover miscellaneous objects: barbed wire, car keys, odds and ends, and human body parts on the refrigerator and in the bathroom. They are horrified and try to escape, but they hear the occupants coming back and are forced to hide. Three cannibalistic mountain men, all whom are disfigured, enter the cabin and bring in Francine's dead body. Chris, Jessie, Carly and Scott silently watch in horror, as her body is butchered and partially eaten. As the cannibals fall asleep, the friends walk silently and reach the door. Chris holds the door open so Jessie, Carly and Scott can get out safely. As Chris keeps the door open, he checks the cannibals to make sure they are still sleeping. Unfortunately, "Saw-Tooth" (Gary Robbins) awakes and Chris runs. Jessie notices this, and she, Carly, and Scott run quickly with him. "Saw-Tooth" alerts the other cannibals and begins to chase them. The group hides in a clearing with many cars, which they realize are the cars of the mutants' victims. Chris makes a diversion and is shot in the leg with a shotgun. Scott saves him by using himself as a decoy, allowing Jessie and Carly to steal one of the cannibals' trucks. Chris gets into the truck, and they try to find Scott. Carly sees Scott in the forest. As Scott starts to get in the truck, he is shot three times in the back with arrows. The arrow almost hits the others, and Chris forces Jessie to drive and escape fast. The cannibals pick up Scott's dead body and take it back to their cabin. Chris, Jessie and Carly hit a dead end in the road and have to continue on foot, but Carly stays and is still depressed from Scott's loss. Jessie and Chris comfort her and they continue to walk. They find an old watchtower and begin to climb up, and find a radio and use it to call for help, but do not get a response. They see the cannibals, who are armed with torches and reaching the foot of the watchtower. The radio starts responding their call, alerting the cannibals. The cannibals shoot and destroy the radio through the window. After the cannibals climb the ladder and get into the watchtower, they set it on fire. Chris, Carly and Jessie escape by jumping out of the window into a nearby tree. They begin to climb up, but "Three Finger" (Julian Richings) has already climbed up the tree before them. Chris and Jessie begin to climb higher as Carly rests. Chris and Jessie make it to the other tree, but unfortunately "Three Finger" sneaks up behind Carly and slices her head in half with an axe and her body falls through the trees, as Chris and Jessie watch in horror. They escape from the cannibals and hide in a cave near a waterfall until the next morning. Jessie wakes up from a nightmare, as Chris comforts her. Just as they find a road out of the woods, the mountain men find them and push Chris down the hill and capture Jessie and take her back to their cabin. Chris survives the fall and meets a sheriff, but before he is able to convince the Sheriff of what is happening, the Sheriff is killed by an arrow in his eye from the woods. Chris jumps into the police truck and tries to drive away, but cannot find the keys. Chris hides and watches as the cannibal loads up the Sheriff's body into the truck and drives it back to the cabin. Chris hitches along by hanging onto the underside of their truck. When the cannibals arrive at the cabin, Jessie is tied to a bed and gagged with a dog leash, crying. As she is about to get killed, Chris, driving the police truck, drives through the cabin and into "One-Eye". Chris unties Jessie, and Jessie shoots "Saw-Tooth" in the back with an arrow. She and Chris also fight "Three Finger", and finish him off by hitting him with an axe. Chris and Jessie notice that the cannibals are still alive, and they quickly go outside. Chris has only one shotgun shell left, which he shoots at the truck, blowing up the cabin with the cannibals still inside. Chris and Jessie, driving the cannibals' truck, stop back at the gas station. Chris, badly injured, gets out of the truck and destroys the map to the cannibals' cabin, so no one will ever go into the woods again. Chris gets back into the truck, as Jessie drives for the woods, and the credits roll. The credits are interrupted by a scene showing a deputy sheriff investigating and picking over the remains of the destroyed cabin. Unfortunately, "Three Finger", who survived from the explosion, comes up behind the deputy and kills him. The scene fades to black and insane laughter is heard, as the credits continue to roll. 
 Clueless (1995)651) Shallow, rich and socially successful Cher is at the top of her Beverly Hills high school's pecking scale. Seeing herself as a matchmaker, Cher first coaxes two teachers into dating each other. Cher, a high school student in Beverly Hills, must survive the ups and downs of adolescent life. Her external demeanor at first seems superficial, but rather it hides her wit, charm, and intelligence which help her to deal with relationships, friends, family, school, and the all-important teenage social life. Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky@ucsee.eecs.berkeley.edu> Cher is rich, pretty, blonde, popular and knows how to talk anyone into doing just about anything. When she can't get a teacher to give her a better grade, she and her friend Dion match him up with another teacher to make him happier... and maybe a but laxer on his expectations. When a girl named Tai transfers to Cher's school, she and Dion give her a makeover and attempt to find her a boyfriend. Cher soon realizes that she wants a boyfriend herself, but no one seems right. She goes through a spiritual makeover and realizes that there's more to life than clothes and popularity before she finds the boy of her dreams. Anonymous Cher Horowitz and her friend Dionne, two of the most popular sophomores in school, play matchmakers for two teachers. Inspired by their success, Cher takes under her wing Tai, a "clueless" transfer student. While trying to make an advantageous match for Tai, Cher attempts to find a boyfriend of her own. Several misfires take place, due to poor communication, before she finds the Baldwin of her dreams. James Meek <james@oz.net> Cher and Dionne are best friends who live in Beverly Hills. They are popular, rich, pretty, and charming. One day, they spot a new girl at school, Tai, and decides to do a makeover on her. They are very successful, but Cher realizes that she needed a makeover herself in a spiritual way. With this makeover, she learns about caring for others, going through pain, and love. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cher Horowitz (Alicia Silverstone) is a wealthy, popular 15-year-old living in Beverly Hills with her widowed father, Mel (Dan Hedaya), a successful lawyer. Though good-natured, Cher is naive and caught up in a superficial lifestyle revolving around expensive clothes and the social hierarchy of her high school. Her best friend Dionne (Stacey Dash) has a similar outlook on life, though she dates a high school boy named Murray (Donald Fasion), which Cher claims is a pointless endeavor. Cher's debate teacher, Mr. Hall (Wallace Shawn), gives her a C grade for the semester, which starts a dramatic chain of events. Dionne, who got a lackluster grade as well, hatches a plan with Cher to find a romantic interest for Mr. Hall, thus hypothetically making him happy enough to consider boosting their grades. They select another teacher, Miss Geist (Twink Caplan), as the chief candidate, and spark a mutual interest between her and Mr. Hall with a forged love letter and some subtle manipulation. The teachers soon become a couple, and both become much more lenient with their grading. Cher works her grade up to an A minus, greatly impressing her father. At home, Cher interacts with Josh (Paul Rudd), the college-age son of one of Mel's ex-wives, who often stays at the Horowitz home to avoid his mother and new stepfather. Josh is nearly the polar opposite of Cher: an earthy environmentalist with an interest in societal welfare. The two have a generally amiable but lightly contentious relationship, with Cher teasing Josh about his alternative lifestyle and Josh criticizing Cher's materialism. Mel openly approves of Josh's self-assurance and focus, encouraging Cher to find similar direction in her life. Tai Frasier (Brittany Murphy), a grungy artist with a trusting disposition and a clueless grasp of high school popularity, transfers to Cher's school. Cher and Dionne befriend Tai, and decide to give her a makeover to improve her social standing. However, Tai sparks up a romance with cheerful skateboarding stoner Travis Birkenstock (Breckin Meyer). Cher, fearing for Tai's reputation, attempts to steer her toward the rich, popular, newly-single Elton (Jeremy Sisto). Cher leads Tai in after-school workout sessions, guides her in cultivating a new wardrobe, and expands her lexicon with trendy vocabulary. Josh disapproves of Cher's project with Tai, accusing her of attempting to turn an innocent girl into a superficial brat, but Cher maintains that she is doing Tai a kindness. Through a series of orchestrated interactions, Cher gets Tai and Elton to notice each other. Tai is giddy with excitement, and while Elton is surprisingly receptive, he pays much more direct attention to Cher. To present the newly made-over Tai to the high school elite, Cher and Dionne bring her to a party. Once again, they attempt to steer her toward Elton, and believe that they made a connection when Tai is knocked unconscious with a projectile shoe, and Elton revives her with an ice pack. However, when departing, Cher winds up being driven home by Elton, who makes a pass at her, confirming that he had never been interested in Tai. Cher is shocked and repulsed, and Elton abandons her in a parking lot far from home. She is immediately mugged, and is forced to call Josh from a payphone to ask for a lift. On the drive home, Cher suggests that they pick up food for Mel and his colleagues, who are working on a difficult case at the house. Impressed by this considerate suggestion, Josh begins to form a new opinion of her. Another transfer student, the suave and handsome Christian (Justin Walker), arrives in Mr. Hall's debate class. Cher is taken with him immediately, and considers breaking her own rule of never dating a high school boy. The two become friends, and soon plan to attend a party along with Tai. Christian arrives at Cher's house to pick her up, and both Mel and Josh are put off by his relaxed, jazz-cat persona. Josh is clearly envious and tells Mel that he will trail them to the party for Cher's protection. While Cher and Christian bond on the dance floor, Tai self-consciously stands alone watching Elton dancing with his new girlfriend, Cher's snotty social rival Amber (Elisa Donovan). Josh arrives and dances with Tai to help her feel more included and comfortable. Cher is pleasantly surprised by this thoughtful gesture. Cher decides to move things forward with Christian, and invites him over one evening when her father is out. To her disappointment, he ignores her advances in favor of watching Tony Curtis movies. When driving with Dionne and her boyfriend Murray the next day, Cher laments Christian's lack of sexual interest in her, causing a highly amused Murray to point out that Christian is obviously gay. Embarrassed by her misconception of Christian, she abandons her romantic pursuit of him in favor of maintaining their genuine friendship. While at the mall with Cher and Christian, Tai experiences a traumatic incident when some male acquaintances nearly drop her over the upper-level railing as a prank. Christian angrily reprimands the culprits and comforts Tai, who is shaken but unharmed. Over the next few days, news of this dramatic event spreads throughout school, causing Tai's popularity to skyrocket. Cher watches, unnerved, as Tai is caught up in the attention, becoming the shallow, snobbish brat that Josh accused Cher of creating. Cher is further disturbed when Tai coldly rebuffs the sweet-natured Travis in favor of a more popular entourage. Cher, an atrocious driver with only a learner's permit, prepares to test for her license, but finds it difficult to focus after the shift in her friendship with Tai. She ultimately fails the driving test, and dejectedly returns home to find Tai and Josh playing a flirtatious game of hacky sack. Tai immediately speaks to Cher in private, excitedly revealing that she has overcome her disappointment about Elton because of her newfound attraction to Josh. Cher is startled by the discomfort she feels in response to this news, and tells Tai that she does not think Josh is a good match for her. Tai is affronted, and insults Cher before departing. Cher embarks on a solo shopping trip to clear her head, and realizes that she herself is in love with Josh. In an unusually vulnerable mood, Cher goes to her father for advice. Explaining that she is interested in a "do-gooder" type (though not revealing that her love interest is Josh), she expresses concern that she is too shallow and selfish to win his approval. Mel tenderly assures his daughter that she is an incredibly caring person, much like her late mother had been, who constantly goes out of her way to help her friends and family. Cher, heartened, resolves to become more compassionate on a wider scale. Not long after their fight, Tai approaches Cher apologetically and the two become friends again. After watching Travis participate impressively in a skateboarding competition, and after learning that he has given up his drug habit, Cher realizes that he is indeed worthy of Tai's affection, and is pleased when they reconcile. In an effort to impress Josh, Cher volunteers to help with a donation drive headed by Miss Geist for victims of the Pismo Beach disaster. Josh takes appreciative notice, and Cher herself feels unexpectedly fulfilled by engaging in this charitable endeavor. She and Josh also spend considerable time helping Mel and his colleagues process paperwork for their important case. While working with one of Mel's stressed-out underlings at the house, it is discovered that Cher had erroneously sorted some crucial documents, causing the panicked lawyer to cruelly insult Cher and storm out of the house. Cher is crushed, but Josh defends and comforts her, leading to them both revealing their feelings for each other. Mr. Hall and Miss Geist are married with many of their students in attendance, including Cher (who has brought Josh as her date), Dionne, Murray, Tai and Travis. The girls congregate as the bride prepares to throw the bouquet, and their boyfriends watch the ensuing scuffle with amusement until Cher triumphantly surfaces, bouquet in hand. 
 May (2002)321) A socially awkward veterinary assistant with a lazy eye and obsession with perfection descends into depravity after developing a crush on a boy with perfect hands. When May was a child, she was a lonely girl with a lazy eye and without any friends except a strange, homemade doll kept in a glass case given by her mother on her birthday. May becomes a lonely, weird young woman, working in an animal hospital and assisting the veterinarian in surgeries and sewing operated animals most of the time. Her lesbian colleague Polly has a sort of attraction for her. When the shy May meets the mechanic Adam Stubbs, she loves his hands and has a crush on him. They date, but the bizarre behavior of May one night pushes Adam away from her. Alone, May has a brief affair with Polly, but she feels rejected again when her colleague meets Ambrosia. When her doll is accidentally broken, the deranged May decides to build a friend for her, using the best parts her acquaintances can offer. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. May (Angela Bettis) is an awkward, lonely young woman who had a troubled childhood due to her "lazy eye" which caused her to feel abnormal and out of place. As a little girl, May's mother takes her to an eye doctor, who suggests that May wear an eye patch to correct her vision. Unfortunately, this only encourages the other children to look oddly at her, most notably on their first day of school, when one of her fellow students asks her if she is a pirate. She has few long social interactions with people throughout her life with her only "true friend" being a glass-encased doll named Suzy made by her mother and given to May for her birthday. After presenting her with the gift, her mother tells her, "If you can't find a friend, make one." As an adult, May works at a Veterinary Hospital assisting with surgeries in a lower-class section of Los Angeles. May's optometrist fixes her lazy eye, first with eye glasses, then with a special form of contact lens. As May attempts to interact with the people around her, she sees Adam (Jeremy Sisto), a local mechanic, around town and begins to follow him. She times her visits to the local laundromat and her lunch breaks with his in order to meet up with him so she can watch him. The seemingly perfect guy, Adam gets to know May when she finally manages to get the courage to walk up and introduce herself to him, and when she tells him that she's weird, he replies, "That's okay. I like weird". May has a fixation on his hands, which she considers to be the most attractive part of him, and Adam seems to find her attractive as well. They start dating and Adam teaches May to smoke cigarettes, teasing her when he realizes she has never smoked before. He gives her his pack of his cigarettes and tells her to 'practice'. At the same time, May's lesbian colleague Polly (Anna Faris) who works as the receptionist at the vet clinic, begins to show an attraction to May, while at the same time poking fun at her for her oddness. One day while May is feeling especially low, she makes a random remark that Polly has a beautiful neck. Polly then gives her pet cat Loopy to May, ostensibly because of her "bitch" landlord's new rules not to have pets around. One day, Adam shows her a film he made for his university titled 'Jack and Jill'. The black-and-white silent film reveals a story of two young lovers who go on a picnic and end up eating each other. May becomes clearly aroused by the blatant cannibalism in the film and, during what started as an intense session of making out, gets carried away and bites Adam on the lip, causing him to bleed profusely. When Adam reacts in pain and asks her for a towel, May seems to like seeing his blood on her, saying it's like his movie and doesn't recognize how alarmed he is. Adam is finally disturbed by May's strange personality and leaves. May feels guilty and blames her doll Suzy (who frightened Adam upon viewing her) for encouraging her to make bad choices. She shouts at her and shoves her in the cupboard. After Adam stops calling her (weirded out because she drew blood while they were kissing), May goes to his house and accidentally overhears him and a friend calling her a lunatic and saying he's glad he could get rid of her. Heartbroken, May goes home and gets a message from Polly inviting her over. At about this time, May finally gives in to Polly's wiles and starts a romantic affair with her. May then inquires about working at a school for disabled children, specifically for looking after the blind children she saw playing in the park near her workplace. She is especially interested in a lonely girl named Petey, who she feels she can identify with. The little girl also likes May so she gives her an ashtray made of clay with May's name carved into the center of it. Later that night, May is at the laundromat and cheerfully greets Adam who comes in unexpectedly, telling him she's making new friends and showing him Polly's kitty Loopy, who she brought in her laundry basket. Adam is polite but subdued, and tells her his machine is broken and he'll have to go to another laundromat. After he leaves, saying he'll see her around, May goes over to his "broken" machine and tries it, realizing after it works fine that he just didn't want to talk to her. The following day, May goes to see Polly, only to find that she's with another girl. Polly makes it clear she's till interested in May, but apparently wants to see other girls too. Returning home after trying to conceal her hurt, May's totally miserable and when Loopy refuses to come near her, she becomes enraged and throws the clay ashtray at the cat, striking her on the head and killing her. Over time, May further isolates herself in her apartment becoming more and more delusional, thinking that her doll Suzy is talking to her through a series of crackles from her glass case (shades of 'Repulsion'). Soon, May tries to phone Adam, and he says he can't see her that night and tells her not to wait when she offers to. During the conversation, Suzy's case is shown cracking and May acts like she can hear Suzy interrupting her phone conversation. May thinks that this somehow signifies that Suzy is jealous of Adam and does not want May to be near him. By the next day, she forgives Suzy and decides that she's probably her only real friend. Later, she goes to the school for blind kids and shows them Suzy, telling them that that is her best friend. The children cannot see it, so they want to touch it. May tries to keep the doll away (as Suzy is delicate) and struggles with the kids until the doll falls and the glass case shatters into pieces all around the floor. The children begin to crawl about looking for the doll, and the glass cuts into their hands and knees. May also gets down on the floor to rescue Suzy, cutting herself in the process. She is covered in not only her blood, but the blood of the children as well. Carrying the now-destroyed, blood-covered Suzy, May returns home. She is devastated at all the things that have happened to her. She even scratches her irritated eyes, and then falls asleep on her couch with the remains of the doll around her. She wakes up to a phone message from Polly, saying she's worried about May because she hasn't shown up at work. When May looks in the mirror, she sees her eyes are bloody and begins wearing her glasses instead of contacts again while they heal. The following day, May is sitting on a bench at a local bus stop when a punk boy named Blank (James Duval) sits besides her and begins talking to her. He becomes interested in her odd remarks about people not being entirely perfect but only having perfect "parts". May doesn't like him at first, but then warms to him when he says he just wants to be friendly and tells him she likes the tattoo he has on his arm. They go to May's apartment and Blank begins flirting with her. When he goes to the freezer to get ice, he finds the cat's corpse wrapped in plastic wrap. Flabbergasted, he begins to panic and calls May a freak, infuriating her; she finally breaks down and stabs him in the head with a pair of scissors. May is shown afterwards with swipes of Blank's blood on her and is calmly smoking a cigarette while she remembers attacking him. Suddenly, she realizes that the people she had known as her friends were not friends at all; there were only parts of them that she considered 'friends'. She simply comes to the conclusion that a perfect friend can only be made of all the perfect parts of the people she thought were her friends. On Halloween night, May dresses up in a homemade costume similar to Suzy's dress, along with straightening her hair out as well as putting on white facial powder, making her face pasty white, as well as blood-red lipstick. She rents a large ice cooler hooked up to a dolly, and goes out. May first goes over to Polly's house. (Note: from this point, May also adopts a "normal" manner and attitude, very unlike her usual innocent, stammering, child-like behavior; she starts talking to all people who interact with her in a cold, impassive tone of voice.) At Polly's house, May and Polly carry on a normal conversation about work until May pulls out a couple of scalpels that she stole from the animal hospital and puts them in each side of Polly's neck. Polly laughs at her, thinking this is a joke and stating that she knows that May would never hurt her until May suddenly slashes her neck, much to Polly's astonishment before dying. A little later, Ambrosia, Polly's other lover, arrives at the house, irritated at May's presence. May admires her legs and asks her to turn around for her. Ambrosia accepts, but not without calling her a freak and making derisive comments about her and Polly's previous relationship. After this, May stabs her on both sides of her head. Lastly, May goes to Adam's house. When she arrives there, she finds that Adam is with another girl called Hoop (for her hoop earrings) who lets May come in, much to Adam's annoyance. They sit at the table, and May asks Adam to touch her face. Adam refuses, something which leads into a discussion between May and Hoop, who tells her that Adam's hands are hers now. Adam, who's a little hungover and not feeling well, gets impatient with both women and says he wants May to leave, after which she stands and asks him again to touch her face. He indignantly pokes May's forehead, at which point May stabs Hoop in the neck. Adam walks back and screams in horror, but May stabs him in the stomach. Back at home, May starts designing her "new friend", which is basically a Frankenstein-like thing made from her deceased friends whose body parts she keeps in the cooler she's carrying around. She uses Blank's arms, Polly's neck, Adam's hands, Ambrosia's legs, Hoop's earrings (still on her severed ears), and Loopy's fur, to substitute hair. The head and torso are simply different scraps of fabric stitched together and stuffed, while the other appendages are finally sewn together. May then changes out of her Suzy costume, washes herself off, and reverts back to her old child-like personality. Once the macabre "body", named Amy - taken from the letters in May's name, which was written on the now-destroyed ashtray - is finished, she realizes that Amy can't actually see her. So, in a rush of misery, she stabs her right eye (the lazy one) with the scissors. Crying in pain, she puts it on the head of Amy and sobbingly begs for the thing to look at her. Exasperated and in pain, May leans her head against Amy's shoulder. In her pain and psychological meltdown, May sees her friend suddenly come to life and touch her face lovingly, with Adam's treasured hands. May smiles. 