nm0007617:

 Init ng laman (1998)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Secret of the Incas' Empire (1987)Summaries Hidden somewhere deep inside a volcano in the mysterious South American mountains lies the legendary lost kingdom of the Incas. And buried in this kingdom is a fabulous treasure of inestimable value.... Hidden somewhere deep inside a volcano in the mysterious South American mountains lies the legendary lost kingdom of the Incas. And buried in this kingdom is a fabulous treasure of inestimable value. Enter our hero, complete with buxom bimbo and assorted side-arms. After wading across crocodile-infested rivers, ducking poisoned arrows, and evading hungry head hunters our dynamic duo face their most deadly challenge to keep their fabulous treasure. Jack_Ryan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Takot ako, eh! (1987)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Woman of Breakwater (2003)Summaries In a poor village by the Manila Bay breakwater, brothers Buboy and Basilio come to the city to escape from the violence at home. They meet a prostitute named Pakita and become close with her when Basilio treats her wounds. All they want is to lead normal lives, but the town's leader Dave has knavish interruptions that await them. Pusan International Film Festival It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 