nm0011659:

 Swingers' Paradise (1964)Summaries A group of (literally) drifting popsters find themselves involved in a grim sand-and-sandals desert movie. They reckon a few song-and-dance numbers would liven things up. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Lords of Flatbush (1974)Summaries Two members of a social club in 1950s Brooklyn have more interest in romance than in rumbles. A group of kids in Brooklyn form a gang. From this moment on they do everything together. This makes things easier but at the same time they have to face new problems. Volker Boehm It's 1958 in the Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn. High school friends David 'Chico' Tyrell, Stanley Rosiello, Butchey Weinstein and Wimpy Murgalo comprise a gang called the Lords. They are motorcycle driving, smoking, wisecracking, leather jacket and slicked back hair wearing troublemakers who often use their fists to solve the problems in their lives. One problem that Stanley is facing is that he and his girlfriend Frannie Malincanico need to get married. Stanley and Frannie's respective views of marriage are from their immature teen-aged perspectives. Also facing girl problems is Chico, who has a casual relationship with Frannie's best friend, Annie Yuckamanelli. That changes when WASP Jane Bradshaw transfers into their school. Chico, with a little help from his friends, does whatever he can to impress Jane, not always with success. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 If Ever I See You Again (1978)Summaries Bob Morrison, a successful composer of TV commercial jingles, is unhappy with his his lack of creative freedom in developing the definitive dog-food song. Frustrated, he heads out to Hollywood to score a movie. While in California, he establishes contact with an old girlfriend. Joe Brooks ("You Light Up My Life") co-wrote, produced, directed, scored and starred in the film. alfiehitchie It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 You Light Up My Life (1977)Summaries Laurie has been in show business since she was a child. Her dream is to be a singer, songwriter and actress. Her father wants her to be a comedian like him and Laurie only tries because it pleases her father. But she is a lousy comedian. She auditions for everything and is engaged to Ken, but Ken does not understand her needs. She has a one night stand with Chris, only to later find that he is a director. She has many emotions that have not yet been addressed and she must face them before she can get on with her life. Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 