nm0004902:

 Where the Day Takes You (1992)431) King is a young man, but he's already a veteran of life on the streets of Los Angeles. The leader of a group of runaways, King acts as a mentor to troubled kids such as gay hustler Little J and junkie Greg. A group of teen-age runaways try to survive in the streets of Los Angeles. Drugs, prostitution, violence and bureaucratic indifference all pose threats to the kids, who nevertheless prefer this harsh life to going back to their families. Heather, somewhat older, provides some leadership and mothering to the kids. Reid Gagle In Los Angeles, the gang of teenagers leaded by King survives on the streets begging, prostituting and stealing money. Among King's best friends are Little J, who is a gay prostitute; Greg, who is drug addicted capable of stealing to buy drugs with the dealer Ted; and the paralytic Manny. When the newcomer and runaway from Chicago Heather meets King, they fall in love for each other. But when Little J kills Tommy Ray to protect King, he is falsely accused of murder and chased by the police, with tragic consequences. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. ultra-realistic, gritty, urban drama - following the highs & the lows of life on the street as a kid in L.A. become part of there family, follow them in there usual goings-on. Become a fly on the wall, take it easy & just go where the day takes you. 
 An Inconvenient Truth (2006)44) Filmmaker Davis Guggenheim follows Al Gore on the lecture circuit, as the former presidential candidate campaigns to raise public awareness of the dangers of global warming and calls for immediate action to curb its destructive effects on the environment. A documentary on the threat that climate change poses to the Earth - it's causes, effects and history and potential solutions to it. Presented by Al Gore through a lecture that he has given to audiences across the globe, plus through more introspective moments. grantss Without a doubt, the destruction of the environment has triggered the gradual decline of our world. However, not all hope is lost. Surprisingly, humankind still can reverse this situation, following the lead of dedicated activists. With this in mind, director Davis Guggenheim documents the campaign and the effort of the former United States Vice President, Al Gore , to raise awareness of the devastating consequences and effects of global climate change. Through "An Inconvenient Truth", shocking facts come to light, as well as potential solutions to avoid the inevitable. Nick Riganas Director Davis Guggenheim eloquently weaves the science of global warming with Mr. Gore's personal history and lifelong commitment to reversing the effects of global climate change. A longtime advocate for the environment, Gore presents a wide array of facts and information in a thoughtful and compelling way. " Al Gore strips his presentations of politics, laying out the facts for the audience to draw their own conclusions in a charming, funny and engaging style, and by the end has everyone on the edge of their seats, gripped by his haunting message," said Guggenheim. An Inconvenient Truth is not a story of despair but rather a rallying cry to protect the one earth we all share. "It is now clear that we face a deepening global climate crisis that requires us to act boldly, quickly, and wisely," said Gore. Plantation Productions It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Devil's Own (1997)Summaries A police officer uncovers the real identity of his house-guest, an I.R.A. terrorist in hiding. A thriller about an IRA gunman who draws an American family into the crossfire of terrorism. Frankie McGuire is one of the IRA's deadliest assassins. But when he is sent to the U.S. to buy weapons, Frankie is housed with the family of Tom O'Meara, a New York cop who knows nothing about Frankie's real identity. Their surprising friendship, and Tom's growing suspicions, force Frankie to choose between the promise of peace or a lifetime of murder. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> One of Northern Ireland's top IRA terrorists, Frankie McGuire, escapes to NY, where he, under the name of Rory Devaney, with support of friendly judge Peter Fitzsimmons, lives in the house of Irish cop Tom O'Meara, who doesn't know who Frankie really is. Rory tries to buy some weapons from dealer Billy Burke, while Tom has moral problems covering up the murder of a suspect by his partner cop Edwin Diaz. The problems arise when Tom begins to suspect something about Rory's identity. Gustaf Molin <gumo@hem2.passagen.se> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Money Train (1995)Summaries A vengeful New York City transit cop decides to steal a trainload of subway fares. His foster brother, a fellow cop, tries to protect him. Two foster brothers work as transit cops. While one's life is as good as it gets, the other's is a pit. After losing his job, getting dumped by his brother, and getting the crap kicked out of him by a loan shark for the umpteenth time, He implements his plan to steal the "money train," a train carrying the New York Subway's weekly revenue. But when things go awry, will his brother be able to save him in time? A CIA operative It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 