nm0004811:

 The Badge (2002)Summaries Sheriff Hardwick investigates the death of Mona, a transexual woman. The judge asks that the case is archived to prevent it impacting the upcoming elections, but the evidence keeps coming in. A sheriff (Thornton) begins an investigation into the death of a local trans woman after hearing that high ranking politicians may have been involved. Although he is homophobic and transphobic, his investigation causes him to be rejected by others, forcing him to seek help from the people he once despised. Jason Smith and Clavain It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Runnin' from My Roots (2018)Summaries Following a very public fall from grace, country music star Faith Winters seeks refuge in her rural Texas hometown, where she rediscovers feelings for her high school sweetheart, the local pastor. But the homecoming is bittersweet. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Anastasia (1997)651) The last surviving child of the Russian Royal Family joins two con men to reunite with her grandmother, the Dowager Empress, while the undead Rasputin seeks her death. The daughter of the last Russian Czar, Nicolas II (Rick Jones), Anastasia (Meg Ryan) is found by two Russian con men, Dimitri (John Cusack) and Vladimir (Kelsey Grammer), who seek the reward that her grandmother, the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna (Dame Angela Lansbury), promised to the ones who'll find her. But the evil mystic of the Czar family, Grigori Rasputin (Christopher Lloyd), still wants the Romanov family to be destroyed forever. In 1916, as Rasputin, the malevolent monk, casts a terrible spell upon the house of Romanov, the beloved daughter of Czar Nicholas II, Anastasia, flees Russia with her grandmother, the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna, only to become separated. Almost a decade later, a band of scheming St. Petersburg con artists, Dimitri and Vladimir, stumble upon the eighteen-year-old orphan, Anya, and decide to groom her to pass off as the Empress' real granddaughter, in high hopes of collecting a satisfying reward. However, the evil spectre of the damned wizard won't rest until he fulfils his fevered curse. Will innocent Anya take Anastasia's place? Nick Riganas When the dark shadow of revolution falls on the house of the Romanovs, the royal family's youngest daughter, Anastasia, barely escapes the siege. Ten years later, knows herself only by the name Anya (Meg Ryan) due to amnesia caused by hitting her head that night. But Anya holds memories of a past which was full of palaces and parties. In order to discover more about this past, she travels to Paris with two con men, Dimitri (John Cusack,) and Vladimir (Kelsey Grammer), who plan on passing her off as Anastasia to collect the reward money offered by the Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna (Dame Angela Lansbury) for the return of her granddaughter. But what they don't realize is that they have the real Anastasia? And what's worse, Grigori Rasputin (Christopher Lloyd), former confidant to the Czar, will not rest until he sees the last Romanov dead. O.G. The year is 1916. In St. Petersburg, Russia, Czar Nicholas II (Rick Jones) is throwing a grand ball to celebrate the 300th Anniversary of Romanov rule, while his mother, Dowager Empress Marie Feodorovna (Dame Angela Lansbury), gives her favorite granddaughter, eight-year-old Grand Duchess named Anastasia, a music box and a necklace reading "Together in Paris" which serves as its key. The ball is interrupted by the arrival of the villainous undead corpse Grigori Rasputin (Christopher Lloyd), a monk once trusted by the Russian Imperial Family, having since been cast out by Nicholas as a "traitor". He enacts his revenge through a demonic green reliquary, summoning a curse that sparks the Russian Revolution. Anastasia is reunited with her grandmother ten years later with the help of two con men, Dimitri (John Cusack) and Vladimir Kelsey Grammer). Then, just as all of the obstacles and plot complications are out of the way of romance, the final showdown with Rasputin occurs. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In St Petersburg, Russia, in 1916, a lavish ball is held to celebrate 300 years of the ruling of the Romanov family. Attending the event is the Dowager Empress Marie ( Angela Lansbury ), whose son Nicolas is the Tsar of Imperial Russia. At the event, Marie is happy to see her granddaughter Anastasia ( Kirsten Dunst ), who is sad that Marie will be going to Paris, France. Marie has chosen to give Anastasia a music box as a gift, which plays a melody that both of them know. The wind-up key to make the music box work is on a pendant, inscribed with the words, "Together in Paris." The mood of the party is soon silenced as Rasputin ( Christopher Lloyd ) enters, claiming to be Nicolas' "confidant." Nicolas instead brands Rasputin as a traitor, and orders him out of the Palace. Angered at Nicholas, Rasputin claims that he and his family will be dead within the fortnight, and vows to not rest until all the Romanovs are dead. Rasputin then sells his soul for the power to destroy the Romanov family. With his stronger dark powers, Rasputin uses them to cause dissent among the people, who soon revolt and charge the Palace gates. Anastasia and Marie are in a room in the midst of the chaos, but escape through a secret entrance with the help of a servant boy. As they attempt to make their way across a frozen river on the Palace Grounds, Rasputin confronts them, but ends up on thin ice, which cracks and gives way under him, causing him to sink into the cold waters, leaving behind his magic reliquary and a little fruitbat named Bartok ( Hank Azaria ). Anastasia and Marie attempt to board a train, but in the process, Anastasia loses her grip on Marie's hand, falling to the platform, where she hits her head and goes unconscious. 10 years after the revolution, St Petersburg is filled with gossip that Anastasia ( Meg Ryan ) may still be alive, with the Dowager Empress Marie (who still resides in Paris) promising to pay a reward for the return of her granddaughter. A conman in St Petersburg named Dimitri ( John Cusack ) and his assistant Vlad ( Kelsey Grammer ) are attempting to find a woman to pass off as Anastasia, in hopes of bilking Marie out of the reward. Meanwhile, Anastasia has grown up in an orphanage, under the name of Anya. Having developed amnesia after falling off the train onto the platform, no memory of her past life remains, except for the key/locket to the music box. The head of the orphanage has deemed it time for Anya to go to work, and sends her off to work at a fish factory. Anya soon comes to a fork in the road, with one way leading to the town where the fish factory is, and the other leading to St. Petersburg. Unsure which way to go, Anya is surprised when a little puppy appears, and seems to lead her to St. Petersburg. Once there, she attempts to take a train to Paris, but is denied transit because she does not have an exit visa. A woman who hears this tells Anya to see a man named Dimitri, who she claims can help her. Anya is informed that Dimitri can be found near the now-abandoned Royal Palace, and soon enters. Once inside, she is overcome by various memories, as she enters the now-dusty grand ballroom. Suddenly, a voice rings out, and Anya finds herself face-to-face with Dimitri and Vlad. Looking at her, Dimitri feels that Anya would be perfect for his plans, and convinces Anya that he can help her get to Paris if she will accompany him and Vlad to see the Dowager Empress and see if she may really be the missing Anastasia Romanov. Naturally, Anya goes along with the plan, having no knowledge of who she really is. Meanwhile, in a little alcove of the ballroom, Bartok has been hiding, and notices that Rasputin's reliquary has started to glow. As he lays a hand on it, it suddenly rockets the little bat into 'limbo,' where Rasputin has been for 10 years. Since Anastasia survived, he was not able to die completely, and has been stuck in limbo as a rotting corpse. When Bartok presents him with the reliquary, Rasputin uses its powers to conjure minions to destroy Anastasia. Anya, Dimitri, and Vlad board a train headed to Paris, but end up having to hide in the baggage car when their passports' coloration is overheard to not match the proper color. Rasputin's minions also intend to derail the train, but our group manages to escape before it plunges into a canyon. They continue on foot, with Vlad telling of the Dowager Empress' first cousin, Sophie ( Bernadette Peters ), who questions anyone claiming to be Anastasia. Anya gets indignant that no one told her she had to prove she was Anastasia. Vlad convinces her that there's nothing for her back in Russia, and that Paris could hold something special. His words convince her, and they begin going over proper etiquette and Romanov history. Eventually, they take a ship from Germany to Paris, where both Dimitri and Anya perform a waltz, which seems to bring the two a bit closer together. That evening, Rasputin invades Anya's dream, and causes her to almost sleepwalk over the edge of the boat, until Dimitri saves her. After the two setbacks, Rasputin decides he will return to the living world and deal with Anastasia himself. Bartok reluctantly follows. Anya, Dimitri and Vlad eventually make it to Paris, unaware that the Dowager Empress has had enough of the various impostors claiming to be her granddaughter, and decides to forgo the search. Just moments after this decision, Anya and the others arrive at the Empress' mansion, and Sophie answers the door. Even though she has been privy to the Empress' wishes, she still questions Anya. Eventually, the questioning turns to just how Anastasia was able to escape from the Palace. Dmitri thinks that they will be found out, but is shocked when Anya explains that a young boy opened a secret passage for her and the Empress to escape through. Sophie explains that Anya appears to have answered all the questions correctly, but explains about Marie's wishes to not see anyone else. Vlad insists that Marie meet Anya, and Sophie hints that Marie will be attending a performance of the Russian Ballet that night. Sophie then takes the three of them shopping for new clothes. Later that evening, Dimitri takes Vlad aside, and explains that with the escape story that Anya told, he is sure that their intended impostor is the real Anastasia, telling Vlad that he was that boy in her story. However, their talk is interrupted as Anya arrives, and they go to their box in the Opera Hall. During the intermission, Dimitri and Anya go to the Empress' private box, where Sophie allows Dimitri to meet with the Empress. However, Marie explains that she's heard about Dmitri, and knows about his schemes to deceive her. Dimitri is thrown out, having failed to see that the door to the box was partially open, and Anya heard the entire conversation. Dimitri tries to explain who she really is, but she storms off and heads back to their residence. Dimitri waits until Marie leaves the Opera House, and then takes the place of her chauffeur, driving her to Anya's residence, and demanding Marie see her. Marie still refuses, until Dimitri produces the music box that she had given Anastasia long before (the music box was left behind after Marie and Anastasia escaped through the secret door). Marie then gives into Dimitri's wish, and talks to Anya. Anya explains that all she wants is to find where she belongs. As they talk, Anya shows Marie the locket she has, and when Marie produces the music box, Anya's memory fully returns, and Marie is overjoyed that she has found her granddaughter again. Marie eventually calls on Dimitri, presenting him with the reward, and her gratitude. Even so, Dimitri refuses the reward, but is glad to see that he has reunited Anastasia with her true family. As he leaves, he encounters Anastasia, and the two exchange few words, with Anastasia believing that Dimitri got his reward after all. Later on that evening, Marie and Anastasia are in attendance at a social function in Paris, in which Anastasia will be revealed to those in attendance. Marie explains that her granddaughter should be happy, but she seems somewhat distant. Marie knows that Anastasia secretly loves Dimitri, and explains to her that he did not take the reward. Marie goes out to join the festivities first, telling Anastasia that whatever path she chooses should make her happy. After Marie leaves, Anastasia is distracted by her puppy, which leads her out into the garden near the building. As she makes her way to a nearby bridge, Rasputin emerges from the fog, and attempts to kill her. However, Dimitri (having had second thoughts) returns to try and save Anastasia. In the process, Anastasia manages to get hold of Rasputin's reliquary, and destroy it, causing the 'mad monk' to finally be destroyed. In the aftermath, Anastasia and Dimitri confess their feelings for the other, and elope, with Anastasia choosing to forgo her royal heritage for love, much to the delight of her grandmother, who declares it a "perfect beginning" for the two young lovers. 
 The Watch (I) (2012)541) Four men who form a neighborhood watch group as a way to get out of their day-to-day family routines find themselves defending the Earth from an alien invasion. In Glenview, Ohio, Evan is the manager of the Costco department store and married to Abby. When the Costco night watchman, Antonio Guzman, is mysteriously murdered, Evan organizes The Neighborhood Watch, a watch team with his suburban neighbors Bob, Franklin and Jamarcus to protect the neighborhood and find the killer of Antonio. Soon they discover that the murderer is an alien that is preparing to invade Earth, and they become the last hope of mankind on Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After the grisly murder of one of his employees, senior manager of the local Glenview Costco store, Evan, decides to take action, forming a neighbourhood watch consisted of the fellow suburbanites and residents, Bob, Franklin, and Jamarcus. Not exactly police material, the unlikely band of hopeful protectors of justice in their fancy new jackets will soon have to deal with the unexpected when mysterious traces of a translucent green goo lead to the conclusion that earth is under an extraterrestrial threat. So, you'd better shape up boys, because, whether you like it or not, you're humanity's last chance. But, are Evan and the guys up to the job? Nick Riganas Four everyday suburban guys come together as an excuse to escape their humdrum lives one night a week. But when they accidentally discover that their town has become overrun with aliens posing as ordinary suburbanites, they have no choice but to save their neighborhood - and the world - from total extermination. 20th Century Fox Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the town of Glenview, Ohio, Evan Trautwig ( Ben Stiller ) is an active participant in the community and senior manager of the local Costco store. His life is disrupted when the store's night security guard is murdered. The local police have no leads, and show no interest in investigating further. Determined to find the killer and bring him to justice, Evan decides to form a neighborhood watch. However, he only manages to recruit Bob ( Vince Vaughn ), a construction worker and loving father; Franklin ( Jonah Hill ), a high school dropout who dreams of being a police officer but failed the written, physical, and mental-health tests; and Jamarcus ( Richard Ayoade ), a recent divorcee. The watch members use the group as an excuse to drink and have fun (much to Evan's annoyance). While driving on patrol, they accidentally hit something. They discover a strange metallic orb that acts as a highly destructive weapon, and deduce that it is of alien origin. Meanwhile, several more townspeople are mysteriously killed. The watch responds to the murders and encounters an alien, which attacks them. Evan (apparently) kills it with a lawn gnome before the group returns with the creature to Bob's house. The creature regains consciousness and escapes, stealing the metallic orb and warning them that the aliens have already infiltrated the town. The watch theorizes that the aliens are stealing their victims' skin and disguising themselves as humans, so anyone in Glenview could be an alien. Bob confides to Evan that he is worried about his daughter Chelsea ( Erin Moriarty ), and does not trust her boyfriend Jason ( Nicholas Braun ). Evan admits that he has been avoiding his wife Abby ( Rosemarie DeWitt ) because he is infertile, and revealing that to her may cause her to leave. Evan suspects that one of his neighbors is an alien (due to his strange, stiff way of speaking and because he always seems to be watching him). As the watch scouts the neighbor's house, Bob learns that Chelsea is at an unsupervised party with Jason. Bob disobeys Evan's orders, and rushes to the party with Franklin. Bob prevents Jason from raping Chelsea, but Jason beats him until Franklin intervenes. Evan and Jamarcus investigate the odd neighbor alone, discovering that he (only) hosts orgies in his basement. When Bob returns, he and Evan argue over his putting his daughter above the watch. Bob is fired from the watch after saying Evan has no friends because he tries to control everything. Evan goes home and admits his infertility to Abby, who accepts the news and tells him they will work things out. Evan then receives an urgent call from Jamarcus, who confesses that he is one of the aliens but has decided to side with humanity after experiencing human culture (and oral sex). He warns the group that the aliens are building a transmitter (beneath the Costco store) which will summon their armada to destroy the earth, and is expelled from the watch for his deception. Bob, Franklin, Evan and Abby arm themselves and infiltrate the Costco to destroy the transmitter. Bob encounters Jason who reveals that he is also an alien, and they fight. Evan and Franklin attempt to disable the transmitter, but are surrounded by aliens. Jamarcus arrives and saves the pair, revealing that the aliens' brains are located in their crotch; Bob kills Jason by ripping off his penis. Evan discovers that the transmitter is powered by the metallic orb and removes it, disabling the machine. More aliens arrive, forcing the group to flee. The watch uses the metallic orb to destroy the Costco building, killing all of the aliens inside. In the epilogue, Evan and Abby rekindle their passion and adopt a daughter. Bob is closer to Chelsea and accepts her new boyfriend (who is intimidated by stories of how Bob killed Jason). Franklin is finally accepted by the Glenview Police Department, and Jamarcus continues participating in the secret neighborhood orgies. The group maintains the watch, continuing to protect Glenview from criminals (and aliens). 