nm0007084:

 Batman & Robin (1997)761) Batman and Robin try to keep their relationship together even as they must stop Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from freezing Gotham City. Batman and Robin are back working side-by-side to stop the villains of Gotham City, but is there tension appearing between them, especially when one villainess who calls herself Poison Ivy can make anyone fall in love with her...literally. Along with Poison Ivy, the icy Mr. Freeze is freezing anything which gets in his way from achieving his goal. FilmFanUk For quite some time, the Dynamic Duo of Batman and Robin work to continuing the mission of protecting Gotham City from evil forces. But now their relationship is challenged when they must fight the villainous duo of icy Mr Freeze and venemous Poison Ivy who seek to freeze Gotham and repopulate it with mutant plants. At the same time, the heroes must find a way to cure their sick butler Alfred while they also receive some help from new heroine Batgirl. Blazer346 Mr. Freeze plans on taking Gotham City hostage by freezing the town into a permanent winter. In the meantime, a new seductive villainous, Poison Ivy, has appeared to cause a rift in the partnership of Batman & Robin. While all this is happening, faithful butler Alfred is dying. Mr. Freeze holds the key to save his life. Enter Batgirl to help save the day. Humberto Amador New troubles have arisen in Gotham City. First, there's a new super villain in town: Mr. Freeze, a former doctor whose blood is laced with cryogenic liquid, causing him to be cold in look and feeling who plans to freeze Gotham until he gets the money needed to finish finding the cure for a mysterious disease that has stricken his wife. Second, Poison Ivy, a villainess with luscious lips full of venom, has arrived in Gotham with her hulking servant, Bane, with plans to team up with Freeze and prepare the way for genetically enhanced plants. Third, Ivy has caused a rift between the partnership of the Dark Knight and the Boy Wonder. And finally, Alfred, Batman's trusted butler, has developed the same disease that Freeze's wife has. It is in this time of need that a new partner, Batgirl, steps forward to help the two rid the city of evil once more. Will The 4th installment on the Batman franchise, this one centers around the villain Mr. Freeze who has gone evil because of the near death of his wife, Lady Fries. Also introducing Poison Ivy, the deadliest plant-lover in the world who will get pissed-off if you "fool with Mother Nature". Poison Ivy, whilst controlling the strong, buff villain Bane develops into Mr. Freeze's sidekick while ironically she only causes trouble between The Dark Knight himself and The Boy Wonder. The villains plot to freeze Gotham and to be the only remaining humans on the planet. But Batman and Robin must come together despite their differences and their butler Alfred's deadly illness that only Freeze has the cure for. They find help from heroine, Batgirl while they plan to defeat Freeze, Ivy, and Bane. Shawn Gilson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Gotham City, Batman and Robin attempt to stop Mr. Freeze from stealing a cache of diamonds, but he escapes. The Dynamic Duo soon learn that Mr. Freeze was once a scientist named Victor Fries who became dependent on a diamond-powered subzero suit following an accident in a cryogenics lab he was using to find a cure for his wife, Nora Fries, who was suffering from a terminal illness called MacGregor's Syndrome. In South America, Pamela Isley is working under Dr. Jason Woodrue, a mad scientist who is experimenting with the Venom drug. She witnesses Woodrue use the formula to turn a diminutive convict into a hulking monstrosity dubbed "Bane". Woodrue and Isley argue over the use of the drug and Woodrue overturns a shelf of various toxins onto her. She transforms into the beautiful and seductive Poison Ivy before killing Woodrue with a kiss from her now-poisonous lips. She finds that Wayne Enterprises funded Woodrue, so she takes Bane with her to Gotham. Meanwhile, butler Alfred Pennyworth's niece, Barbara Wilson, makes a surprise visit and is invited by Bruce Wayne to stay at Wayne Manor until she goes back to school. Alfred is revealed to be suffering from MacGregor's Syndrome. Poison Ivy interrupts a Wayne Enterprises press conference to propose a project that could help the environment. Bruce Wayne declines her offer, as it would kill millions of people. That night, a charity event is held by Wayne Enterprises with special guests Batman and Robin in attendance. Poison Ivy decides to seduce them. Freeze crashes the party and steals a diamond from the event. He is captured and sent to a chamber prison in Arkham Asylum, but escapes with the help of Ivy and Bane. Freeze and Ivy return to his hideout to retrieve his diamonds and his wife. Ivy and Bane attack Batman and Robin who are investigating the hideout. Ivy finds Freeze's vulnerable wife suspended in cryosleep but deliberately cuts off her life support by kicking loose her power cord. Ivy leaves her to die and blames Batman which enrages Freeze. Robin becomes smitten with Ivy and begins to rebel against Batman. Ivy imprisons Robin when he does not give in to her charms; she also subdues Batman when he arrives to save his partner. Just then, Barbara - now a costumed crimefighter calling herself Batgirl - shows up and fights Ivy, eventually defeating her. Batman, Robin, and Batgirl decide to go after Freeze together. By the time they get to the observatory where Freeze and Bane are, Gotham is completely frozen. Robin and Batgirl confront Bane and defeat him, while Batman and Freeze begin to fight each other, with Batman winning. Batgirl and Robin unfreeze Gotham. Batman then shows Freeze a recording of Ivy during her fight with Batgirl, in which the former brags about killing Nora. Batman then tells Freeze that his wife is not dead; she has been restored in cryogenic slumber and moved to Arkham so he can finish his research. Batman asks Freeze for the cure he has created for the first stage of MacGregor's Syndrome for Alfred; Freeze atones for his misdeeds by giving him the medicine he had developed. Ivy is shown imprisoned in Arkham with a vengeful Freeze as her cellmate. Alfred is eventually healed. Everyone agrees to let Barbara stay at the mansion. The film closes as our three heroes run in front of the Bat-signal 
 Beverly Hills Ninja (1997)431) A man tries to rescue a woman with a little help from his half brother. Following a ship wreck, a baby is rescued by a clan of Ninja warriors and raised by them as one of their own. But Haru (Chris Farley), as he is called, never quite fits in, nor does he manage to make a worthy Ninja. However, the good-natured and persevering Haru, in his own bumbling way, and with some help from Gobei (Robin Shou), manages to prove himself to be a winner in the end. Jeff Hole <jeffhole@aol.com> This is the story of an unlikely overweight man named Haru (Chris Farley), who was an orphaned baby back then when he was raised by ninjas in Japan. His physical challenges, still becomes a Ninja, albeit a klutzy white one. His first mission brings him to Beverly Hills, California to investigate a murder mystery. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A clan of ninjas finds an abandoned chest that has been washed onto shore, and find a white baby inside. One of their ancient legends spoke of a white foreigner male who would come among the ninja and become a master like no other would. The boy, Haru, is raised amongst the ninja, with the expectation that he may be the one of whom the legend speaks. As Haru grows into adulthood, doubts are quickly cast over him for being the great white ninja. Haru is clumsy and lacking in ninja skills and so fails to graduate as a ninja with the rest of his class. Left alone to protect the temple while the clan are on a mission, Haru disguises himself as a ninja when an American woman, Sally Jones, comes to the temple seeking assistance. Sally says she is suspicious of her boyfriend, Martin Tanley, and asks Haru to investigate. Haru discovers that Tanley and his bodyguard, Nobu are involved in a money counterfeiting business, but could not find Sally to inform her. Haru leaves Tokyo and goes to Beverly Hills in search of Sally. Gobei, Haru's adoptive brother, is sent by the clan's sensei to watch over and protect Haru, with Haru unaware of his presence. Haru checks in at a Beverly Hills hotel, where he befriends bellboy Joey Washington, and teaches him some ninja lessons. Unaware that Gobei is helping him, Haru manages to find Sally. Haru tracks Tanley and Nobu to a night club located in Little Tokyo, where they are attempting to retrieve a set of counterfeiting plates from their rival gang. The gangs fight, resulting in the deaths of two of the rival gang members, for which Haru finds himself the suspect. After receiving guidance from his sensei, Haru resumes his quest to search for Sally, and tracks down Tanley's mansion. Haru also then finds Sally and discovers her name is Alison Page who informs him that Tanley murdered her sister, and that she is dating Tanley in search of evidence which is why she used the fake name was Sally Jones. Haru disguises himself as a Japanese restaurant chef, and discovers Tanley will be hiring an ink specialist named Chet Walters to help counterfeit money. Haru then disguises himself as Walters to gain access to Tanley's warehouse. Haru's identity is exposed after failing to properly counterfeit the money and is captured by Tanley. While Tanley succeeds in obtaining the other half of the plates that night from the rival gang, Alison rescues Haru, only to be kidnapped by Tanley herself. The next day Haru enlists Joey's help in finding the warehouse. After they fail, Gobei intervenes without Haru's knowledge and leads them back to the warehouse. Tanley locks Alison in a room with a bomb. Haru attempts to intervene but is inundated by Tanley's guards. Gobei reveals himself to Haru, and manages to distract the guards, allowing Haru to rescue Alison. Haru attempts to defuse the bomb but fails. On hearing Gobei become inundated by Tanley's guards, Haru leaves Alison to assist Gobei. Seeing Gobei about to be killed, Haru snaps and suddenly demonstrates amazing martial arts moves, stunning Gobei. Haru saves Gobei's life and successfully defeats several guards himself. Haru and Gobei are left facing off Nobu and two guards. Joey, attempting to enter the building, crashes through a window and knocks himself and one of the guards unconscious. Haru and Gobei defeat Nobu and the remaining guard. Tanley then confronts Haru and Gobei. In the fight that follows, Haru accidentally knocks Gobei unconscious by hitting him in the head with a sheave, but forces Tanley to flee afterwards. Haru returns to attempt to rescue Alison. Using a large harpoon gun mounted on a cart, Haru shoots a harpoon through the room which inadvertently lands in the back of a truck in which Tanley is trying to escape. The harpoon drags the bomb into Tanley's truck and explodes. Haru successfully rescues Alison, then Tanley and his surviving hitmen are arrested by the LAPD. Sometime later back in Japan, Haru informs his sensei he will be returning to Beverly Hills to live with his girlfriend Alison. Haru and Alison leave together on a bus. A grappling hook tied to a rope has fallen from the bus and hooks into Gobei's wheelchair, causing him to be thrown into the ocean. Haru shouts an apology to Gobei. 
 The Last of the Mohicans (1992)761) Three trappers protect the daughters of a British Colonel in the midst of the French and Indian War. The last members of a dying Native American tribe, the Mohicans -- Uncas, his father Chingachgook, and his adopted half-white brother Hawkeye -- live in peace alongside British colonists. But when the daughters of a British colonel are kidnapped by a traitorous scout, Hawkeye and Uncas must rescue them in the crossfire of a gruesome military conflict of which they wanted no part: the French and Indian War. Jwelch5742 British and French troops do battle in colonial America, with aid from various native American war parties. The British troops enlist the help of local colonial militia men, who are reluctant to leave their homes undefended. A budding romance between a British officer's daughter and an independent man who was reared as a Mohican complicates things for the British officer, as the adopted Mohican pursues his own agenda despite the wrath of different people on both sides of the conflict. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> As the British and French soldiers battle for control of the North American colonies in the 18th century, the settlers and native Americans are forced to take sides. Cora and her sister Alice unwittingly walk into trouble but are saved by Hawkeye, an orphaned settler adopted by the last of the Mohicans. Rob Hartill The story is about a dying tribe called the Mohicans in which only two are left as well as one adopted white man. These three men refuse to enter the militia for Britain in 1757 for they want freedom. On their way to Kentucky, they intercept Indians attacking a small regiment of British including the two daughters of an British Colonel on their way to a fort. The three men lead the survivors to the fort while two love stories take place but the French and Indian War continues. Lilian <wildlyaprincess@hotmail.com> In 18th century North America during the French and Indian War, a white man adopted by the last members of a dying tribe called the Mohicans unwittingly becomes the protector of the two daughters of a British colonel, who have been targeted by Magua, a sadistic and vengeful Huron warrior who has dedicated his life to destroying the girls' father for a past injustice. Denny Gibbons Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is 1757, the French and Indian War rages across the English Colonies and the British have been fighting the French for territory in North America for three years. Indian tribes fight on both sides and the colonists are caught in the middle. Three men, Chingachgook ( Russell Means ), his son Uncas ( Eric Schweig ), and adopted white son Hawkeye ( Daniel Day-Lewis ), visit the frontier home of the Cameron's; John ( Terry Kinney ), Alexandra ( Tracey Ellis ), and James ( Justin M. Rice ). Colonist Jack Winthrop ( Edward Blatchford ) tells Hawkeye that he is gathering volunteers to fight for the British army in hopes that their homes on the frontier will be guarded against Huron war party attacks, loyal to the French. He and a group of others leave the next morning for Albany in New York to obtain these terms of agreement from General Webb. Webb agrees to grant them leave if their homes are attacked. Satisfied, Winthrop and the others agree to lend their services in the militia and join the British forces at Fort William Henry, sixty miles north of Albany. Meanwhile, Cora Munroe ( Madeleine Stowe ) and her frail, younger sister Alice ( Jodhi May ), travel along a forest trail accompanied by a British garrison to see their father, Colonel Edmund Munroe ( Maurice Roves ), having received notice to meet him there. The garrison is commanded by Major Duncan Howard ( Steven Waddington ) who is betrothed to Cora. Their route to Fort William Henry is led by a native guide named Magua ( Wes Studi ) who acts distant towards Duncan and expresses dissent towards the British in his native language, though Duncan is unaware that anything is amiss. Magua then, without reason, turns and walks toward the back of the formation and the garrison is suddenly ambushed by a Huron war party. The women are knocked off their horses and huddle in the undergrowth together as they watch helplessly as the British soldiers are overtaken. At that moment, Chingachgook arrives with Uncas and Hawkeye and fight off the remaining Huron. Magua himself takes aim at Cora but Hawkeye forces him to flee into the forest. When the dust settles, only Cora, Alice, and Duncan are left alive. Hawkeye filters supplies from the dead and assures the survivors that he and his companions will escort them to Fort William Henry. Uncas sends off the remaining horses, explaining that they're too loud and easy to track. The party sets off on foot. En route, Duncan questions Hawkeye and the reason he and his band were traveling west instead of fighting in the militia. Hawkeye explains that he's no scout or militia man, implying that he takes no orders. They soon all come to the Cameron's farm where Hawkeye discovers the inhabitants murdered and the cabin burned. Hawkeye and Uncas note that nothing was stolen and they come to a conclusion that a war party was responsible and are most likely scouring the frontier for hapless colonials. To Cora's astonishment, Hawkeye refuses to bury the dead but assures her that they are not merely strangers to him. Later that night, as they camp, Hawkeye explains to a contrite Cora that if they had buried the Cameron's anyone looking for their trail would see it as a sign of their passing. He speaks with her about how he was found by Chingachgook at a young age after his family was killed and raised as a Mohican and tells her a folktale about the creation of the stars, supposing that therein lies a monument to the Cameron's and his family. He finds an understanding soul in Cora and keeps watch through the night. A Huron hunting party comes close and they ready their defenses, but the party turns back since Hawkeye camped on burial grounds. They are followed by the party through the next day as they near the fort. When they arrive, they find it being bombarded by French cannon fire. They sneak into the fort where they are welcomed and the girls reunited with their father. He is astonished to see them there and maintains that he never sent word for them to come -- Magua had tricked them into joining their father. Grateful to the trappers, he offers them whatever they need, including gunpowder and food. Munroe explains their current situation: the French are persistent and dig trenches daily that, when close enough, will allow range for mortars to bombard the fort. They have three days at best. Having heard that his previous couriers failed to deliver pleas for reinforcements, Munroe decides to send out one more to General Webb ( Mac Andrews ) at Fort Edward as a last resort. When Hawkeye delivers the troubling news that innocent colonists are being attacked in the frontier, Munroe reacts with disinterest and even Duncan refuses to acknowledge what he saw at the Cameron farm. Winthrop and other militia are angered to hear Munroe's indifference to the colonists and demand to go home to tend to their families, but Munroe threatens them with sedition and commands that anyone seen deserting will be shot on sight. Hawkeye surmises that if the colonists receive no help from the British, they should go to the French. Munroe claims treason but Hawkeye assures him it's nothing but the truth. Munroe dismisses everyone. Magua returns to the French encampment just outside the fort and addresses General Montcalm ( Patrice Chreau ), giving him the latest updates. When asked why he was targeting Munroe's children, Magua explains his deepest hatred for the man and says that he will kill the women and show Munroe that his bloodline has ended before ripping his heart out. It is later revealed that Munroe was the one responsible for an attack on Magua's village that resulted in the deaths of Magua's children. Magua was sent into slavery and by the time he was able to return to his wife, discovered that she had remarried, thinking him dead. Later, when Cora again meets with Hawkeye in the infirmary, she realizes that she is falling in love with him. When Duncan comes to her, assuring her that all that has happened will be forgotten once they return to England, she dismisses his marriage proposal on the grounds of morality, having witnessed his lies about the Huron war parties attacking the colonists. She sends him off as a man with admirable qualities, but with none she holds highly. She later meets with Hawkeye and the two share a moment of passionate love. Days pass without reinforcements and it's soon discovered that Hawkeye assisted his colonist friends in abandoning the fort. He is arrested for sedition and sentenced to hang. When Cora questions him, asking why he didn't leave too, he claims his only interest remains in the fort: her. She confronts her father, proudly asserting her beliefs that, maybe, the British do more harm to the colonists than good. The fort is soon overrun by the French and Munroe is forced by Montcalm to surrender. The British are allowed to leave the fort with their families to Albany, on condition that they return to England. Reluctantly, Munroe accepts but only after seeing an intercepted letter from General Webb, explaining his refusal to send aid. The British march away from the fort defeated and are quickly ambushed again by a large Huron force led by Magua. Magua seeks out Munroe and personally cuts out his heart, telling him that his daughters are next. Hawkeye is freed by Chingachgook and they take Cora, Alice, and Duncan with Uncas away from the fighting to a cave behind a waterfall. Their gunpowder wet, Hawkeye and the others have no chance to defend themselves if they are found. With Hurons approaching, Hawkeye promises Cora that he will come back to find her, as long as she stays strong. Uncas' feelings for Alice, having grown over time, are evident as he, Chingachgook, and Hawkeye leap into the waterfall. Duncan and the women are then captured by Magua and his men. The captives are taken to a Huron village where Magua discusses with the Sachem ( Mike Phillips ), or elder, what he intends to do with them. He is then interrupted when an unarmed Hawkeye walks into the village. He is beaten down by Huron warriors as he approaches but maintains a peaceful demeanor. With Duncan translating into French for Hawkeye, he pleads with the Sachem to reconsider what Magua has told him and convinces him that Magua is simply acting out of selfish fulfillment rather than for the good of the tribe. The Sachem renders his decision: Cora is to be burned alive to atone for the loss of Magua's children. Duncan is to be sent back to the British to placate them and Alice is to be given to Magua as a bride so that both their bloodlines can continue. Hawkeye is to be released for his bravery but he speaks again the Sachem's decision, pleading with Duncan to translate that he will take Cora's place instead. However, Duncan purposefully mistranslates so that he, not Hawkeye, is taken to be burned alive. He tells Hawkeye to take Cora as Magua resentfully leaves with Alice and Duncan is taken away. Hawkeye takes Cora into the forest where they are reunited with Chingachgook and Uncas. There, Hawkeye takes aim and mercifully shoots Duncan to spare him further pain as he's burned on the stake. Uncas immediately runs ahead of the others in pursuit of Magua's band, set on rescuing Alice. He manages to kill several members of the group before facing Magua. However, Magua quickly dispatches Uncas by stabbing him in the side. Uncas looks at Alice, apologetic, before Magua slits his throat and throws his body over the cliffside. Chingachgook and Hawkeye see this and, in a rage, Chingachgook charges ahead. Magua then motions for Alice to rejoin him as she looks at Uncas' body over the edge. She moves away and, as Cora watches, throws herself off the cliff to join Uncas in death. As Chingachgook races ahead to face Magua, Hawkeye covers his trail, shooting any Huron who comes in his way with deadly accuracy. Chingachgook and Magua face off with Chingachgook coming out the victor and effectively avenging his son. After a ritual for Uncas, Chingachgook tells Hawkeye that this land is not meant for his kind anymore and that it will be lived upon by those like Hawkeye, Cora, and their children. He then says a prayer to the spirits and asks his family to be patient in death and wait for him, the last of the Mohicans. 
 Mortal Kombat (1995)761) Three unknowing martial artists are summoned to a mysterious island to compete in a tournament whose outcome will decide the fate of the world. Based on the popular video game of the same name "Mortal Kombat" tells the story of an ancient tournament where the best of the best of different Realms fight each other. The goal - ten wins to be able to legally invade the losing Realm. Outworld has so far collected nine wins against Earthrealm, so it's up to Lord Rayden and his fighters to stop Outworld from reaching the final victory... CyberRax The Emperor of Outworld has his sights set on conquering the realm of Earth. But in order to do so, he has to win 10 straight the ancient Mortal Kombat tournaments. The Emperor's sorcerer, Shang Tsung, has led Outworld's forces to nine straight victories. The only thing standing between Earth and the Emperor's evil forces are three humans: Liu Kang, who is only at the tournament to kill Shang Tsung for the murder of his brother, Sonya Blade, a law enforcement officer who was lured to the ship under the pretenses of catching her partner's killer, and Johnny Cage, an egotistical movie star who the press has dubbed as a fake and is only at the tournament as a way to prove himself. It will be up to Lord Rayden to teach his three warriors to look deep inside themselves to find the ability to beat Shang Tsung and save the realm of Earth from devastation. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} The Lightning God Rayden guides warrior Liu Kang, police detective Sonja Blade, and martial arts movie star Johnny Cage to a remote island to compete in the Shaolin Tournament known as Mortal Kombat. If the Outworld wins the Shaolin Tournament ten times in a row, they can enter the Realm of Earth and take over. They have been victorious the last nine times, and with warriors like Scorpion, Sub Zero, and Goro, the future of Earth looks bleak. Michael Silva <silvamd@cleo.bc.edu> Based on the popular fighting video game. Mortal Kombat is a tournament where fighters duel to a death match. A sorcerer from another world named Shang Tsung invites some of the world's best fighters to compete in the tournament, along with them comes characters such as Liu Kang, Johnny Cage and Sonya Blade. They must defeat Shang Tsung to change the fate of the world otherwise all hope is lost. The fate of the universe will be decided as it should be, in MORTAL KOMBAT. Emphinix Mortal Kombat is an ancient tournament which takes place in a distance island, in which the out-world's best warriors fights against Earth's best warriors. If the out-world wins the tournament ten times in a row, it can enter Earth and rule it. The out-world won the nine previous tournaments, so only one victory is left, but is it about to win this one too? a group of mortal warriors, include Lui Kang, Johnny Cage, Sonya Blade and some more, in the leadership of the god Lord Rayden, face the out-world warriors. rsilberman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Once every generation, there is an inter-dimensional martial arts tournament known as Mortal Kombat, designed by the Elder Gods to limit invasions between the realms of the universe. If the realm of Outworld wins Mortal Kombat ten consecutive times, its Emperor Shao Kahn (voiced by Frank Welker) will be able to invade and conquer the Earth realm. They have already won nine; so this will be their tenth tournament. The Shaolin warrior Liu Kang (Robin Shou) and his comrades, Hollywood movie star Johnny Cage (Linden Ashby) and U.S. Special Forces officer Sonya Blade (Bridgette Wilson), were handpicked by Raiden (Christopher Lambert), the god of lightning and Earthrealm's defender, to overcome their powerful adversaries in order to prevent Outworld from winning their tenth straight Mortal Kombat tournament. Each of the three has his or her own reason for competing: Liu Kang seeks revenge against tournament host Shang Tsung (Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa) for killing his brother Chan (Steven Ho); Sonya also has vengeance on her mind, pursuing crime lord Kano (Trevor Goddard) who killed her partner; Johnny Cage, having been branded as a fake by the media, seeks to prove otherwise to the world. At Shang Tsung's island, Liu Kang is attracted to Princess Kitana (Talisa Soto), Shao Kahn's adopted daughter; a wary Shang Tsung orders the creature Reptile (Keith Cooke) to keep a close eye on her. Liu defeats his first opponent, and Sonya gets her revenge on Kano. Johnny Cage encounters the demonic ninja Scorpion (Chris Casamassa), who teleports Cage to his lair in the Netherealm; there the two battle viciously, with Cage the eventual victor. Liu Kang engages in a brief duel with Kitana, who secretly offers him advice for his next battle ("Use the element which brings life"). Liu's next opponent is the ninja Sub-Zero (Franois Petit), who's defense seems impregnable because of his freezing abilities, until Liu Kang recalls Kitana's advice and turns the tables. Prince Goro (voiced by Kevin Michael Richardson), a huge, four-armed Shokan warrior enters the tournament and mercilessly crushes every opponent he faces. One of Johnny Cage's friends, Art Lean (Kenneth Edwards) goes up against Goro as well and is defeated, along with having his soul taken by Shang Tsung. Cage comes to Tsang to request a fight with Goro. The sorceror accepts on the condition that he be allowed to challenge any opponent of his choosing, any time and anywhere he chooses. Raiden tries to intervene but the conditions are accepted. Cage faces Goro and uses guile and the element of surprise to defeat the defending champion. Now desperate, Shang Tsung then takes Sonya hostage, invoking his privilege to challenge any opponent of his choosing, and takes her to Outworld. Knowing that his powers are ineffective in Outworld and that Sonya cannot defeat Shang Tsung herself, Raiden sends Johnny Cage and Liu Kang into Outworld to rescue Sonya and challenge Shang Tsung. In Outworld, Liu Kang battles Reptile and soundly defeats him after having absorbed many blows from the creature and becoming enraged. Kitana meets up with Johnny Cage and Liu Kang afterwards; after telling the pair about Outworld's origins, as well as her own, she allies with them as they make their way to the castle where Sonya is being held. Inside the castle tower, Shang Tsung challenges Sonya to fight him, knowing full well that her refusal to accept will result in Earthrealm forfeiting Mortal Kombat. All seems lost for Earthrealm until the three Outworld monks inside the tower reveal themselves to be Kitana, Liu Kang and Johnny Cage. Kitana berates Shang Tsung for his treachery to the Emperor as Sonya is set free. Shang Tsung challenges Johnny Cage, but Liu Kang demands to fight Shang Tsung. During the lengthy battle, Liu Kang faces not only Shang Tsung, but the souls that Shang Tsung had forcibly taken in past Mortal Kombat tournaments, and the image of his brother, Chan (actually a transformed Shang Tsung intending to lure Liu Kang to his death). Liu Kang rises above the challenges and takes on Shang Tsung with renewed determination and ultimately fires an energy bolt at Shang Tsung, knocking him from the battle platform and impaling him on a row of spikes below, killing him. Shang Tsung's death releases all the captive souls, including Chan's. Before ascending to the afterlife, Chan tells Liu that he will remain with him in spirit until they are once again reunited. The warriors return to Earthrealm, where a victory celebration is taking place at the Shaolin temple. The jubilation abruptly stops, however, when Shao Kahn's giant figure suddenly appears in the skies. When the Emperor declares that he has come for everyone's souls, Raiden exclaims the final line of the movie, "I don't think so!" as the warriors take up fighting stances to defend themselves. 