nm0000192:

 Fear (1996)651) When Nicole met David; handsome, charming, affectionate, he was everything. It seemed perfect, but soon she sees that David has a darker side. And his adoration turns to obsession, their dream into a nightmare, and her love into fear. Nicole walker is the average 16 year old girl; wants to have fun, and dreams of her Prince Charming. When she and her best friend Margot appear at a party, she meets older bad boy David. Everything seems to be going so well and Nicole and David become a couple. Nicole's family like David and she decides she loves him enough to give herself to him one night after a date. However, as soon as they became official, David has become a possessive and jealous boyfriend. He even beats up one of Nicole's close male friends when he is seen giving her a hug at the end of school. After this dark event Nicole never wants to see David again but he tries his hardest to make sure Nicole will take him back. Soon enough she forgives him and things seem to be going well again until a sick situation involving Nicole's best friend Margot turns to her and David breaking up again. This time David is not taking any chances with not being with Nicole so him and his friends go into her family home and attempt to take Nicole. Will David get Nicole or will she and her family hold back and get rid of David's sick craving for Nicole? Kiran On the surface, the Walkers were a picture perfect family. Steve had a great job as an architect and a beautiful house in Seattle overlooking a lake. His new wife, Laura, loved him very much. Toby, her young son, looked up to him like his own father. And Nicole, his 16-year old daughter, meant the world to him. As Steve would be the first to admit, it was almost the perfect life. Until one day when Nicole went to a party at a local rave club with her best friend Margo and met a young man named David. Anonymous Nicole is a 16 year old girl who like most teenage girls, likes to have fun. When she and her best friend, Margo, go out to a party one night, Nicole meets the handsome and mysterious David, who she ends up getting together with. After a couple of weeks, Nicole realises that David is becoming really possessive and he gets very jealous when she talks to other guys and not telling him where she's going, etc. David even beats up one of Nicole's male friends because he's seen walking Nicole home. When Nicole ends up breaking up with David, he's obviously not happy about this and does everything to try and get her back, when that doesn't work, he and a bunch of his thug friends break into Nicole's home, which leads to some nasty consequences. Saumil Mehta When all Nicole wants is to meet prince charming she and her best friend Margo go to the club largo to meet David while her friend meets his friend. So when they both are dating the two of them Nicole and David fall in love until one day she follows David home to see him raping her best friend, she doesn't want to talk to him anyone and his love for her turns into a deadly obsession mesa witiak Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nicole (Reese Witherspoon) is a fairly innocent teenager but with a rebellious side, particularly directed at her father, Steven Walker (William Peterson). At a rave, Nicole meets David McCall (Mark Wahlberg), and is swept off her feet by his sweet, polite nature. Steve, seemingly overprotective, doesn't trust David from the moment he meets him. Steve also gets angry when Nicole violates her curfews to spend more time with David. The closer Nicole and David become, the more Steven objects. One day, David scares Nicole when he sees her hugging her friend, Gary. He physically assaults Gary and shoves Nicole to the ground when she tries to stop him, leaving her with a black eye. Nicole ends things with David, leaving him crushed. The next day, he talks to Nicole, apologizes, and things are smoothed over for the couple. Nicole clings to David and he uses that to his advantage since he knows from their conversations about the tension between her and her father. He is more than happy to comfort her in every way. Steven is still suspicious so he does some checking into David's background and finds out that David is not who he appears to be. Steven confronts David on a street corner and orders him to stop seeing Nicole. David is still polite and says he has no intentions of hurting Nicole. Then he taunts Steven about wanting to keep his daughter a little girl forever and that he was scared David will take her away from him. He also says that Steven's wife isn't satisfied sexually and implies that she has been coming on to David. Steven is only interested in protecting his family and drives off. David doesn't take orders very well. David beats himself in the chest repeatedly until he is bruised, and Nicole accuses Steven of assaulting David. She leaves in an angry rage with David, who was waiting in the car outside. Later, David drops Nicole off, asking if she'd rather come home with him. Nicole declines but then changes her mind and drives to his house where she discovers Margo giving David's friend a lap dance. David then interferes and grabs Margo from behind and takes her to his room, proceeding to rape her, but Nicole believes Margo goes willingly. Nicole is devastated and completely breaks it off with David, wanting nothing more to do with him. She also doesn't want anything more to do with Margo. Later that week, David follows Nicole into a ladies' room in the mall and molests her. In a final, desperate attempt to get evidence to use against David, Steven breaks into David's house and discovers a shrine to Nicole in his bedroom. In a rage, Steven vandalizes the house, especially David's room. David and his friends make their way into Steven's house in revenge using scare tactics to gain access. David ties up Steven and brings him up to Nicole's room to "say goodbye" to his daughter. While David tells Nicole, "It has to be this way," he asks her if she wants to go with him. She fakes affection for him and says "yes." Laura frees Steven and he and David fight violently. Steven then throws David out the second-story window to his death. 
 Commando (1985)431) A retired Special Forces colonel tries to save his daughter, who was abducted by his former subordinate. A retired special agent named John Matrix led an elite unit and has left the armed forces to live in a secluded mountain home with his daughter Jenny. But now he is forced out of retirement when his daughter is kidnapped by a band of thugs intent on revenge! Unbeknownst to Matrix, the members of his former unit are being killed one by one. Even though Matrix' friend General Franklin Kirby gives Matrix armed guards, attackers manage to kidnap Matrix and Jenny. Matrix learns that Bennett, a former member of his Matrix' unit who was presumed dead has kidnapped him to try to force Matrix to do a political assassination for a man called Arius (who calls himself El Presidente), a warlord formerly bested by Matrix who wishes to lead a military coup in his home country. Since Arius will have Jenny killed if Matrix refuses, Matrix reluctantly accepts the demand. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} John Matrix is a retired Army Colonel who went UP against some dangerous PEople. He lives in seclusion with his daughter, Jenny. His former C.O. Shows Up to tell him That some of his men who like him have been living under different identities were killed, which means one of Matris's enemies is after him. So after the man leaves, they are attacked and Matrix is captured. He learns That Bennet one of his men whom he thought was killed is working with them and harbors a grudge against Matrix and they are working for a South American dictator he helped overthrow. The man wants Matrix to kill the man who's now the President. They have his daughter as leverage. They put Matrix on a plane going to the dictator's country. Matrix kills the man sent to accompany him. He then gets off the plane and tries to Find his daughter. And has 11 hours to do it cause that's When the plane lands and they Will kill his daughter When they Find out he's gone. He follows one of them and drags a girl in to Help him. Rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two garbage collectors gun down a man with mini-Uzis. A bald-headed tough steals a car from a dealership and crushes the dealer. A tugboat is blown up in the harbor. These murders have one thing in common - all involve former members of a commando team led by John Matrix, a hulking ex-Colonel whose exploits have made him and his men enemies among totalitarian empires and groups around the world. Matrix and his daughter Jenny live alone in the mountains of upstate California, but Matrix's former commanding officer, General Franklin Kirby, flies to the house to tell Matrix about the killings of his men, and to leave two expert soldiers to guard him as Kirby and the feds work to find the killers. No sooner does Kirby leave, however, than a mass of gunmen open fire on the house, killing the two soldiers. Jenny hides in her bedroom while Matrix rushes to his shed - in reality an underground weapons bunker - to get his rifle. Now armed, he confronts a gunman who offers him a choice - do as they say and his daughter, now being taken away in one of several fleeing cars, lives. Matrix blasts the gunman, and despite finding his truck sabotaged, he goes after the gunmen by driving the powerless truck down the steep mountain, intercepting one of the fleeing vehicles and attacking four armed thugs, beating two senseless before being beaten down himself. He then is confronted by the gunmen's leader - Bennett, who had been thought killed in the tugboat explosion. Bennett, however, is the one behind the killings and faked his own death to smoke out Kirby and Matrix, wanting revenge after being discharged by Matrix from the Army for massacreing civilians in a South American nation whose Marxist dictator, Arias, was overthrown by Matrix's team - and who is now Bennett's employer. Matrix is being dragooned into flying to Arias' country to overthrow its new leader, but Matrix escapes and must force the assistance of Cindy, an off-duty pilot, to help track down Arias' men after one of them, Sully, tries to hit on her. Matrix and Cindy track down Sully and after a violent brawl at a mall and a chase up the Hollywood hills he apprehends Sully and holds him over a steep cliff, demanding information on Jenny's whereabouts. Sully only knows what his pal Cooke (the bald-headed thug) knows, so Matrix drops Sully to his death. Matrix confronts Cooke at his motel, and a brawl erupts that spills into the room of a very amorous couple startled while making love. The supremely-endowed couple watch in horror as Matrix kills Cooke, then finds information in his pocket and his car that leads to a warehouse showing an island where Jenny is being held. First Matrix and Cindy raid a weapons store but Matrix must be rescued from intruding police; Cindy pulls this off with a rocket launcher she figures out how to use by reading the available instruction manual. Matrix and Cindy hijack a seaplane and fly to the island, where he arms himself like an army and sneaks into Arias' fortress. There he blows up barracks and slaughters Arias' inept army of soldiers, but in the chaos Jenny escapes but is caught by Bennett in the boiler room of the main mansion. Matrix succeeds in killing Arias but must taunt Bennett into freeing Jenny by appealing to his steroid-induced egomania and rage for killing Matrix in hand-to-hand combat. 
 Who's the Boss? (19841992)Summaries Tony Micelli, a retired baseball player, becomes the housekeeper of Angela Bower, an advertising executive in New York. Together they raise their kids, Samantha Micelli and Jonathan Bower, with help from Mona Robinson, Angela's man-crazy mother. Former major-league baseball player Tony Micelli and his daughter, Samantha, arrive at the Connecticut household of executive Angela Bower, where Tony has taken a job as live-in housekeeper. The Bowers are an interesting family, to say the least. Angela is uptight and obsessed with her work. Her son, Jonathan, is shy and lacks self-esteem, and her mother, Mona Robinson, is a man-hungry vixen. Tony soon wins them over with his laid-back style, and they soon begin to loosen up. Over time, romantic tensions begin to surface between Angela and Tony, and we see the children grow up. Jason A. Cormier <wildrose@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Charmed (19982006)Summaries Three sisters discover their destiny, to battle against the forces of evil, using their witchcraft. They are the Charmed Ones. The three Halliwell sisters discover that they are descendents of a line of female witches. Each has a special ability (stopping time, moving objects, seeing the future), and they can also combine their abilities into the "Power of Three" to fight demons, warlocks, and other evils. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> Three sisters Phoebe Piper and Prue find out that they are descendents from a witch. And every generation are witches. The Halliwell sisters. Although they are very special and are called the charmed one's. Everyday is a battle against evil warlocks, demons and dark lighters. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 