nm0010034:

 Drakensang: The Dark Eye (2008 Video Game)Summaries Drakensang is a third-person party-based RPG based on the pen and paper role-play rules of The Dark Eye. Drakensang is the first PC game for over 10 years to be based on Germany's most successful and popular role-play system. Drakensang builds on the pen and paper rules as applied in version 4.0. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moloch (1999)211) In 1942, in Bavaria, Eva Braun is alone, when Adolf Hitler arrives with Dr. Josef Goebbels and his wife Magda Goebbels and Martin Bormann to spend a couple of days without talking politics. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the film begins we see a nude woman dancing around on the parapets of some gothic castle at night as telescopes track her in the cross hairs. The woman is Eva Braun (Elena Rufanova), and she is anxious and excited, waiting for her beloved "Adi", Adolf Hitler (Leonid Mosgovoi) to spend a few intimate hours with her. When Hitler arrives he is accompanied by his first officer Martin Bormann (Vladimir Bogdanov), his head of propaganda Joseph Goebbels (Leonid Sokol) and his wife Magda Goebbels (Elena Spiridonova) to spend a few days in rest and recovery. As the days move forward Hitler and Eva are seen to relate in the most human of ways. The two confront obstacles including Hitler's upset stomach, preoccupation with waging a war, and exclusive nature of his immediate staff and Eva's attempt to find common ground on which to communicate with everyone. As Eva eventually breaks through to some emotional level with "Adi", she discovers new truths about the man, and their common needs. 
 Das Kind (1975 TV Movie)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Drakensang: The River of Time (2010 Video Game)Summaries The prequel to Radon Labs' award-winning RPG, Drakensang: The River of Time introduces a brand new story within the Drakensang universe. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 