nm0010003:

 Clueless (1995)651) Shallow, rich and socially successful Cher is at the top of her Beverly Hills high school's pecking scale. Seeing herself as a matchmaker, Cher first coaxes two teachers into dating each other. Cher, a high school student in Beverly Hills, must survive the ups and downs of adolescent life. Her external demeanor at first seems superficial, but rather it hides her wit, charm, and intelligence which help her to deal with relationships, friends, family, school, and the all-important teenage social life. Michael Kaminsky <kaminsky@ucsee.eecs.berkeley.edu> Cher is rich, pretty, blonde, popular and knows how to talk anyone into doing just about anything. When she can't get a teacher to give her a better grade, she and her friend Dion match him up with another teacher to make him happier... and maybe a but laxer on his expectations. When a girl named Tai transfers to Cher's school, she and Dion give her a makeover and attempt to find her a boyfriend. Cher soon realizes that she wants a boyfriend herself, but no one seems right. She goes through a spiritual makeover and realizes that there's more to life than clothes and popularity before she finds the boy of her dreams. Anonymous Cher Horowitz and her friend Dionne, two of the most popular sophomores in school, play matchmakers for two teachers. Inspired by their success, Cher takes under her wing Tai, a "clueless" transfer student. While trying to make an advantageous match for Tai, Cher attempts to find a boyfriend of her own. Several misfires take place, due to poor communication, before she finds the Baldwin of her dreams. James Meek <james@oz.net> Cher and Dionne are best friends who live in Beverly Hills. They are popular, rich, pretty, and charming. One day, they spot a new girl at school, Tai, and decides to do a makeover on her. They are very successful, but Cher realizes that she needed a makeover herself in a spiritual way. With this makeover, she learns about caring for others, going through pain, and love. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cher Horowitz (Alicia Silverstone) is a wealthy, popular 15-year-old living in Beverly Hills with her widowed father, Mel (Dan Hedaya), a successful lawyer. Though good-natured, Cher is naive and caught up in a superficial lifestyle revolving around expensive clothes and the social hierarchy of her high school. Her best friend Dionne (Stacey Dash) has a similar outlook on life, though she dates a high school boy named Murray (Donald Fasion), which Cher claims is a pointless endeavor. Cher's debate teacher, Mr. Hall (Wallace Shawn), gives her a C grade for the semester, which starts a dramatic chain of events. Dionne, who got a lackluster grade as well, hatches a plan with Cher to find a romantic interest for Mr. Hall, thus hypothetically making him happy enough to consider boosting their grades. They select another teacher, Miss Geist (Twink Caplan), as the chief candidate, and spark a mutual interest between her and Mr. Hall with a forged love letter and some subtle manipulation. The teachers soon become a couple, and both become much more lenient with their grading. Cher works her grade up to an A minus, greatly impressing her father. At home, Cher interacts with Josh (Paul Rudd), the college-age son of one of Mel's ex-wives, who often stays at the Horowitz home to avoid his mother and new stepfather. Josh is nearly the polar opposite of Cher: an earthy environmentalist with an interest in societal welfare. The two have a generally amiable but lightly contentious relationship, with Cher teasing Josh about his alternative lifestyle and Josh criticizing Cher's materialism. Mel openly approves of Josh's self-assurance and focus, encouraging Cher to find similar direction in her life. Tai Frasier (Brittany Murphy), a grungy artist with a trusting disposition and a clueless grasp of high school popularity, transfers to Cher's school. Cher and Dionne befriend Tai, and decide to give her a makeover to improve her social standing. However, Tai sparks up a romance with cheerful skateboarding stoner Travis Birkenstock (Breckin Meyer). Cher, fearing for Tai's reputation, attempts to steer her toward the rich, popular, newly-single Elton (Jeremy Sisto). Cher leads Tai in after-school workout sessions, guides her in cultivating a new wardrobe, and expands her lexicon with trendy vocabulary. Josh disapproves of Cher's project with Tai, accusing her of attempting to turn an innocent girl into a superficial brat, but Cher maintains that she is doing Tai a kindness. Through a series of orchestrated interactions, Cher gets Tai and Elton to notice each other. Tai is giddy with excitement, and while Elton is surprisingly receptive, he pays much more direct attention to Cher. To present the newly made-over Tai to the high school elite, Cher and Dionne bring her to a party. Once again, they attempt to steer her toward Elton, and believe that they made a connection when Tai is knocked unconscious with a projectile shoe, and Elton revives her with an ice pack. However, when departing, Cher winds up being driven home by Elton, who makes a pass at her, confirming that he had never been interested in Tai. Cher is shocked and repulsed, and Elton abandons her in a parking lot far from home. She is immediately mugged, and is forced to call Josh from a payphone to ask for a lift. On the drive home, Cher suggests that they pick up food for Mel and his colleagues, who are working on a difficult case at the house. Impressed by this considerate suggestion, Josh begins to form a new opinion of her. Another transfer student, the suave and handsome Christian (Justin Walker), arrives in Mr. Hall's debate class. Cher is taken with him immediately, and considers breaking her own rule of never dating a high school boy. The two become friends, and soon plan to attend a party along with Tai. Christian arrives at Cher's house to pick her up, and both Mel and Josh are put off by his relaxed, jazz-cat persona. Josh is clearly envious and tells Mel that he will trail them to the party for Cher's protection. While Cher and Christian bond on the dance floor, Tai self-consciously stands alone watching Elton dancing with his new girlfriend, Cher's snotty social rival Amber (Elisa Donovan). Josh arrives and dances with Tai to help her feel more included and comfortable. Cher is pleasantly surprised by this thoughtful gesture. Cher decides to move things forward with Christian, and invites him over one evening when her father is out. To her disappointment, he ignores her advances in favor of watching Tony Curtis movies. When driving with Dionne and her boyfriend Murray the next day, Cher laments Christian's lack of sexual interest in her, causing a highly amused Murray to point out that Christian is obviously gay. Embarrassed by her misconception of Christian, she abandons her romantic pursuit of him in favor of maintaining their genuine friendship. While at the mall with Cher and Christian, Tai experiences a traumatic incident when some male acquaintances nearly drop her over the upper-level railing as a prank. Christian angrily reprimands the culprits and comforts Tai, who is shaken but unharmed. Over the next few days, news of this dramatic event spreads throughout school, causing Tai's popularity to skyrocket. Cher watches, unnerved, as Tai is caught up in the attention, becoming the shallow, snobbish brat that Josh accused Cher of creating. Cher is further disturbed when Tai coldly rebuffs the sweet-natured Travis in favor of a more popular entourage. Cher, an atrocious driver with only a learner's permit, prepares to test for her license, but finds it difficult to focus after the shift in her friendship with Tai. She ultimately fails the driving test, and dejectedly returns home to find Tai and Josh playing a flirtatious game of hacky sack. Tai immediately speaks to Cher in private, excitedly revealing that she has overcome her disappointment about Elton because of her newfound attraction to Josh. Cher is startled by the discomfort she feels in response to this news, and tells Tai that she does not think Josh is a good match for her. Tai is affronted, and insults Cher before departing. Cher embarks on a solo shopping trip to clear her head, and realizes that she herself is in love with Josh. In an unusually vulnerable mood, Cher goes to her father for advice. Explaining that she is interested in a "do-gooder" type (though not revealing that her love interest is Josh), she expresses concern that she is too shallow and selfish to win his approval. Mel tenderly assures his daughter that she is an incredibly caring person, much like her late mother had been, who constantly goes out of her way to help her friends and family. Cher, heartened, resolves to become more compassionate on a wider scale. Not long after their fight, Tai approaches Cher apologetically and the two become friends again. After watching Travis participate impressively in a skateboarding competition, and after learning that he has given up his drug habit, Cher realizes that he is indeed worthy of Tai's affection, and is pleased when they reconcile. In an effort to impress Josh, Cher volunteers to help with a donation drive headed by Miss Geist for victims of the Pismo Beach disaster. Josh takes appreciative notice, and Cher herself feels unexpectedly fulfilled by engaging in this charitable endeavor. She and Josh also spend considerable time helping Mel and his colleagues process paperwork for their important case. While working with one of Mel's stressed-out underlings at the house, it is discovered that Cher had erroneously sorted some crucial documents, causing the panicked lawyer to cruelly insult Cher and storm out of the house. Cher is crushed, but Josh defends and comforts her, leading to them both revealing their feelings for each other. Mr. Hall and Miss Geist are married with many of their students in attendance, including Cher (who has brought Josh as her date), Dionne, Murray, Tai and Travis. The girls congregate as the bride prepares to throw the bouquet, and their boyfriends watch the ensuing scuffle with amusement until Cher triumphantly surfaces, bouquet in hand. 
 The Truman Show (1998)761) An insurance salesman discovers his whole life is actually a reality TV show. Since birth, a big fat lie defines the well-organised but humdrum life of the kind-hearted insurance salesman and ambitious explorer, Truman Burbank. Utterly unaware of the thousands of cleverly hidden cameras watching his every move, for nearly three decades, Truman's entire existence pivots around the will and the wild imagination of the ruthlessly manipulative television producer, Christof--the all-powerful TV-God of an extreme 24/7 reality show: The Truman Show. As a result, Truman's picturesque neighbourhood with the manicured lawns and the uncannily perfect residents is nothing but an elaborate state-of-the-art set, and the only truth he knows is what the worldwide television network and its deep financial interests dictate. Do lab rats know they are forever imprisoned? Nick Riganas Truman is a man whose life is a fake one. The place he lives is, in fact, a big studio with hidden cameras everywhere, and all his friends and people around him, are actors who play their roles in the most popular TV-series in the world: The Truman Show. Truman thinks that he is an ordinary man with an ordinary life and has no idea about how he is exploited. Until one day he finds out everything. Will he react? Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> Truman Burbank is a normal man, living in a normal town. He grew up to be a desk clerk for a insurance company, living an ordinary life, having an ordinary wife, an ordinary neighbour and an ordinary bud, who pops in from time to time with a sixpack. But Truman is not happy with his life. He wants to see the world. He wants to get away from his happy-happy, ever tidy, nice'n'shiny little island town at the seaside. In reality, Truman was an unwanted pregnancy. His "father", Christof, a reckless TV-Producer whom he never met, made up the Truman Show - the greatest show on earth - a show in which life is live. So, everyone around poor Truman is an actor with a little headphone in the ear. One day, Truman accidentally bumps into a catering area backstage and gets pretty suspicious. His plan now is: Pretend to be sleeping and steal away... Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Truman Burbankis happy with his life. He is a successful business man, he has a nice wife and many friends. However, Truman finds his life is getting very repetitive. Actually every moment of his life is being filmed, being watched by millions, and that his world is limited in a small Hollywood film set. Truman decides to follow his discovery no matter how hard and how much it pains him. Christian He's the star of the show--but he doesn't know. Truman Burbank is a man whose life is a nonstop TV show. Truman doesn't realize that his quaint hometown is a giant studio set run by a visionary producer/director/creator, that folks living and working there are Hollywood actors, that even his incessantly bubbly wife is a contract player. Gradually, Truman gets wise. And what he does about his discovery will have you laughing, crying and cheering. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Truman Burbank ( Jim Carrey ) is an insurance salesman leading an idyllic, peaceful life on Seahaven Island. Truman also happens to be the star of the most popular live show in television history. The only problem is, he doesn't know it! In fact, the entire island of Seahaven is a complete fabrication; a massive set surrounded by a protective dome that produces the most sophisticated effects and imagery to mimic the sky, weather, and temperature of the real world. Set just off of what appears to be the coast of Florida, the dome is run by a massive staff hidden just beyond its barriers and managed by the artistically eccentric Director, Christof ( Ed Harris ). Christof has filmed Truman since just before his birth and sees the project as a ray of hope; a way to truthfully portray a person's life nonstop while maintaining their innocence. It is on Day 10,909 of Truman's life that things begin to change. As he's getting ready for work, he greets his neighbors across the street ( Fritz Dominique , Angel Schmiedt , and Nastassja Schmiedt ), with his traditional greeting of, "Good morning! And in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening, and good night", before a mysterious object falls from the sky and lands near his car. When Truman looks up, however, the sky is clear and offers no explanation for the object, which we can see is obviously a studio light. As he drives to work, the radio reports that an aircraft flying over the island shed parts which leads Truman to believe that was the source of the fallen object. At work, Truman discreetly tears pieces of paper out of a magazine and stows them away before making a call asking for directory information to Fiji. He asks for a Lauren or Silvia Garland. When neither of the names bears results he hangs up just as his boss, Lawrence ( Peter Krause ), approaches and asks him to close a deal on Harbor Island. Reluctantly, Truman leaves but once he reaches the pier he is forced to return to work due to his fear of open water. At home Truman spends some time gardening before his wife, Meryl ( Laura Linney ), returns from work with a chipper smile on her face. Afterwards, Truman visits with his long time friend, Marlon ( Noah Emmerich ), real name Louis Coltrane, where he confides the wish to leave Seahaven, quit his job, and travel to Fiji, echoing a childhood wish to explore (despite his teacher's ( Muriel Moore ) attempts to dissuade him by informing him that there was nothing left in the world to discover). Marlon feigns ignorance and says that he doesn't even know where Fiji is. That evening, Truman sits alone on the beach looking out towards the water. He remembers a boating trip he took with his father ( Brian Delate ) as a child ( Blair Slater ) and requesting that they stay out at sea for just a bit longer. Though his father wanted to go back to shore, he complied. Shortly after, a strong storm hit and Truman's father was swept overboard and drowned. As he comes out of the memory it begins to rain on Truman...and just on Truman. When he realizes this, he stands up in shock as the rest of the sky finally opens up in a downpour, prompting him to rush home. He tells Meryl about his plans to go to Fiji but she dismisses the idea, saying that their financial obligations are much more important. When he argues that it could be an adventure she counters by asking if having a baby would be a good adventure. She then suggests they go to bed. The following morning, as Truman drives to work, he spots a homeless man on the street. Looking closely he realizes that the man looks just like his father. Before he can get to the man, however, a number of people and strange obstacles spontaneously appear and the homeless man is taken away. Later that day, Truman questions his mother ( Holland Taylor ) about this over the phone but she refuses to believe any of it and dismisses the idea as wishful thinking. That night, Truman retreats to the basement of his home where he begins to look through an old trunk filled with his personal mementos. He spies a red sweater with a white pin that says 'How will it end?' His memories bring him back to college where he and Marlon are in the homecoming band. Truman has his eye on an attractive young woman across the courtyard but is distracted when Meryl shows up. Over the next month or so, Meryl is inseparable from Truman until one evening when he is in the library studying. He looks up and sees the young woman from the courtyard whom he'd been admiring. He approaches her and learns that her name is Lauren ( Natascha McElhone ) but she tells him that she's not allowed to speak with him. Despite this, Truman asks if she'd like to go out with him sometime. She takes out a small piece of paper, writes quickly, and hands it to Truman. It says one word, 'now'. The two secretly rush out of the library. The cameras around the room lose them for a second but manage to spy them running out a nearby exit. Truman and Lauren run towards the beach where they are able to share a moment of privacy. However, a vehicle approaches and Lauren becomes frantic. She tells Truman that her real name is actually Sylvia and tries to tell him the truth about the show as her 'father' appears on the dunes and calls for her. He comes down to collect her and tells Truman that she's delusional before announcing that they are moving to Fiji. Truman can only watch in puzzlement as they drive off, never to return. In the aftermath, Truman finds the red sweater that Lauren/Sylvia left behind. As he returns from his memory, Truman takes the scraps of magazine that he'd been tearing out at work and reveals that he's been compiling a collage of a woman's face; Lauren/Sylvia's face as he remembers it. The next day, as he drives to work, the radio in Truman's car begins to strangely broadcast every movement he makes, which are actually remarks from crew members observing him. Growing increasingly paranoid, Truman opts to walk around in the open air outside. He parks and ducks into a building. He makes his way towards the elevator and, as the doors open, is surprised to see, not an empty car, but an entrance to what seems to be a studio filled with people wearing headphones and eating sandwiches - the actors' break room. Before he can register what he's seeing, security grabs him and pushes him out of the building for trespassing. Confused, Truman walks to a nearby market where he sees Marlon's service vehicle parked. Truman tries to explain to Marlon what he just experienced but Marlon passes it off as Truman trying to be funny. Truman pulls Marlon aside and tells him that he's his best friend and needs to confide that he's going to be going away for a while. When he returns home, Truman finds Meryl and his mother looking at photos in an old album. They show him and look on together as the TV begins to play an old film called 'Show Me the Way to Go Home', a clear attempt to reassure the notion of never leaving home. As Truman looks back at the photo album, his eyes fall on a picture of his wedding day with Meryl. Looking closer, he sees that her fingers are crossed which implies that Meryl did not marry Truman truthfully. Truman goes to a travel agency the next day to book a flight to Fiji but the agent ( Judy Clayton ) tells him that there are no available flights for at least a month. When he tries to take a bus to Chicago, the bus breaks down before it can leave the station. When Meryl comes home from work, she finds Truman sitting in his car in the driveway, fixated on something. She goes to the car and sits with him but he tells her to be silent before predicting the appearance of every person along the street; as if they were on a fixed schedule - specifically, a lady on a red bike, a man with flowers, and a vintage Volkswagen beetle with a dented fender. Meryl tells him that his behavior is worrying but he decides to put his theory to a bigger test. He drives off down the street with Meryl who demands that they return home. When they come to a rotary, a traffic jam suddenly appears. Truman feigns disappointment and takes the car around the rotary multiple times. When he comes back to the blocked road all the cars have vanished and he continues towards the only bridge that leads off the island. However, Truman is forced to stop at the bridge when he realizes that he can't drive over because of his fear of water. Instead, he closes his eyes and slams his foot on the gas, forcing Meryl to drive. Victorious, Truman cries out as Meryl continues to try and convince him to return home. They pass a sign warning of forest fires and a line of flames shoots across the road, but Truman drives onward. The car is finally stopped just beyond a power plant that appears to have experienced a meltdown. Men in hazmat suits approach the car and apologize for the inconvenience but when one of them accidentally calls Truman by his first name (they would of course not know otherwise) Truman gets out of the car and attempts to make a break for it. The men chase after him and manage to capture him and return him to the island. Once home, Meryl tries to console a dejected Truman by offering him a new drink she picked up. However, she promotes the item as if on a commercial which prompts Truman to ask who she thinks she's talking to. Meryl becomes upset and blames Truman's recent behavior but Truman becomes more frantic and tries to convince Meryl that there's something wrong with everything. Becoming scared, Meryl takes a peeler and aims it at Truman, telling him to keep his distance. When he grabs it away from her and puts her in a lock hold she calls out for 'someone' to stop him. Truman, in shock, releases her and demands to know what's going on. Marlon appears at the door and walks in with a case of beer, as if to casually hang out, and Meryl runs into his arms, crying that 'it's not professional'. Marlon takes Truman out where they sit at the edge of a road, sharing the beers. Marlon tries to assure Truman that, if everyone was in on a massive scheme or conspiracy, he'd have to be in on it too. He tells Truman that the last thing he would ever want to do is lie to him, though in reality, he's saying this as Christof feeds him his words through an earpiece. Marlon then tells Truman the real reason he stopped by and took him out tonight. They stand and look behind them where a dark figure emerges from the mist. Marlon tells Truman that he was able to find the homeless man he'd seen and, as the man gets closer, Truman realizes that it is his father. The two embrace while Christof composes the cinematography from above and revels in his master shot of Truman weeping with happiness. Truman's father promises to make up for all the lost years. Shortly after this moment a weekly TV show titled 'TruTalk' begins while a smaller screen in the right-hand corner of the television shows Truman as he eats his breakfast. Christof is interviewed and he explains the reasoning behind many things that have happened on the show. The purpose of 'killing' his father out at sea was to implant the fear of water in Truman so that he would have no wish of leaving the island. This decision was reinforced by his youthful wishes to explore and discover which often nearly led him to discover his own captivity. Bringing his father back now was done with the hopes to quell Truman's emotional turmoil and soothe him into remaining on the island despite all that's happened. Various security measures were taken in light of a few occurrences, one of which involved a Truman fan ( Marco Rubeo ) hiding himself in a Christmas present of Truman's when he was a child in order to get air-time. A caller rings in and Christof accepts to answer questions. He recognizes Sylvia's voice as she berates Christof for keeping up the charade and imprisoning Truman within a mockery of life. Christof counters by saying that the real world is a prison and that what he has done is to actually give Truman the chance to lead a completely normal life, free of violence or pain and says that, should Truman discover the truth, he could leave. The following day, Truman appears to be well and back to his normal self. He greets his neighbors and heads off to work where he meets a new coworker named Vivien (Meryl's appointed replacement as Truman's prospective female partner). That evening, Truman moves some things around his basement, appearing to reorganize, before pulling on some covers on a makeshift bed and falling asleep. After several hours of inactivity, even when Truman should be awake, Christof becomes suspicious while watching the video feed. He orders that the phone ring in the house. When Truman doesn't answer, much less move, Christof sends Marlon over, cueing him the entire time as to what to do. Marlon goes into the basement and pulls Truman's covers back to find a noise recorder and a gaping hole in the basement floor. At a loss of what to do or say, Christof does the unthinkable; he cuts the transmission. The cease in transmission puts the world into a state of shock and Christof orders the entire staff on the island to form search parties. Performing a God-like move over the set, Christof commands the sun to rise to aid in the search. When the search on land has been exhausted, Christof suggests an impossible idea; search at sea. His intuition proves correct as cameras pan over the ocean and locate a lone sailboat with Truman at the helm. The live video feeds continue and Christof orders one of the actors to go out and fetch Truman. However, being actors, none of them know how to man a boat. Christof utilizes his weather program to simulate a storm to entice Truman to go back to port. However, Truman battens down and yells to the skies in defiance. Angry, Christof increases the wind and turbulence, nearly causing Truman to fall overboard. Knowing that Truman will never back down, Christof pull the plug on the weather. Truman continues sailing, victorious, until the boat is rocked by a strong impact. Truman collects himself and finds that the bow of the ship has lodged into...the sky. He has come to the end of the dome. He gets off of the boat and examines the wall, following it a short ways until he finds a short staircase leading to an exit door. As he reaches for the handle, Christof speaks on the intercom system to Truman directly for the first time. He introduces himself as the creator who has been watching Truman since the day he was born and revealing his life as entertainment for a world beyond. Christof tries to convince Truman to stay within his world where he can live happily and without suffering or pain and tries to plant the idea that Truman is still deathly afraid of continuing on. Truman appears deep in thought and Christof suggests that he say something. After all, the entire world is watching. Truman looks up and says, "In case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening, and good night." He bows as Christof looks on incredulously, opens the door, and leaves. An elated Sylvia jumps up from her living room floor and leaves her apartment as the rest of the world cheers tremendously at the finale of the Truman Show. A saddened but resolute Christof removes his head piece and cuts the transmission. 
 The First Wives Club (1996)44) Reunited by the death of a college friend, three divorced women seek revenge on the husbands who left them for younger women. After years of helping their hubbies climb the ladder of success, three wives have been dumped for newer, curvier models. But the trio is determined to turn their pain into gain. They come up with a cleverly devious plan to hit their exes where it really hurts, in the wallet. Sit back and watch the sparks fly as The Wives get mad, get even, and get it all. Justice has seldom been so sweet. Or so much fun. Reunited after nearly three long decades at their friend's funeral, the once-close-knit team of college friends--the Oscar-winning actress, Elise; the mouthy, Brenda, and the quiet housewife, Annie--realise that they have much more in common than their age. Betrayed and divorced by their treasonous husbands for trophy mistresses, the wronged women finally summon up the courage to take matters into their own hands, to avenge themselves, and give them a dose of their own medicine. Now, the exes are hell-bent on getting even. Do their former men stand a chance against the First-Wives Club? Nick Riganas Now in middle age, Elise Eliot, Brenda Cushman ne Morelli, Annie Paradis ne MacDuggan, and Cynthia Griffin ne Swann were the closest of friends in college twenty-five years ago, but they drifted apart after college in their differences. Elise is a youth obsessed famous actress. Brenda is brash and straight talking. Annie is a doormat of a woman who has never taken a decisive action in her life. And Cynthia is the proverbial glue in guiding the other three. Elise, Brenda and Annie are reunited at Cynthia's funeral, she who committed suicide upon the marriage of her ex-husband Gil Griffin to who was his much younger mistress. In reuniting, the three women come to various degrees of realization that they are much like each other and much like Cynthia: each is at a different stage of her marriage dissolving - Brenda and her discount retail mogul husband Morty Cushman have already divorced, Elise and her movie producer husband Bill Atchison are in the middle of a contentious divorce with Bill requesting alimony, and Annie and her husband Aaron Paradis, a partner in a successful ad firm, are separated, although Annie goes running back to Aaron for sex anytime he asks in her anticipation that they will get back together - and that each wife was the catalyst for her respective husband's financial success. But it isn't until each woman receives a final letter of that guidance from Cynthia and that they all finally discover that there is a younger woman now in her husband's life that the three, with the help of supporters, decide to join forces to get revenge on their husbands. The questions become if they can find a way to get back at each of the three where it will really hurt them, and if they themselves can overcome their own differences to accomplish this goal. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sabrina (1995)651) An ugly duckling having undergone a remarkable change, still harbors feelings for her crush: a carefree playboy, but not before his business-focused brother has something to say about it. While she was growing up, Sabrina Fairchild spent more time perched in a tree watching the Larrabee family than she ever did on solid ground. As the chauffeur's daughter on their lavish Long Island estate, Sabrina was invisible behind the branches, but she knew them all below - There is Maude Larrabee, the modern matriarch of the Larrabee Corporation; Linus Larrabee, the serious older son who expanded a successful family business into the world's largest communications company; and David, the handsome, fun-loving Larrabee, who was the center of Sabrina's world until she was shipped off to Paris. After two years on the staff of Vogue magazine, Sabrina has returned to the Larrabee estate but now she has blossomed into a beautiful and sophisticated woman. And she's standing in the way of a billion dollar deal. Official DVD cover The Larrabees are a wealthy family, living in a palatial estate on Long Island. Oldest brother Linus (played by Harrison Ford) is the formal, dour businessman, running the family company. David (Greg Kinnear) is a playboy. Among the staff living on the estate is the family chauffeur, Fairchild (John Wood), and his shy, awkward, plain daughter, Sabrina (Julia Ormond). Sabrina has had a crush on David for most of her life but he has hardly noticed her. Sabrina goes to study in Paris and comes back, two years later, a changed woman. She's sophisticated and beautiful and soon catches David's eye. However, David is engaged to Elizabeth Tyson (Lauren Holly), the daughter of a business mogul whose company Linus wants to merge with that of the Larrabees. If Sabrina wrecks the David-Elizabeth relationship it would likely spell the end of the business merger. Linus sets out to prevent Sabrina from getting in the way but in the process falls for her himself. grantss Head-over-heels in love with the dashing philanderer, David Larrabee, ever since she was a little girl, Sabrina Fairchild, the Larrabee live-in chauffeur's timid daughter, travels to dazzling Paris to reinvent herself as an intern at the mass-circulation Vogue fashion magazine. Two years later, Sabrina returns home a changed, sophisticated young woman, and of course, she immediately catches David's eye, who, unfortunately, is now engaged to the beautiful billionaire, Elizabeth Tyson. As their marriage will seal a multi-billion merger, David's serious older brother, Linus, is bent on protecting the interests of the company, and as a result, he decides to take matters into his own hands, and whisk lovely Sabrina away from David. But, what happens if Linus, too, winds up falling in love? Nick Riganas Sabrina Fairchild is the daughter of the Larrabee family chauffeur. The Larrabees are a wealthy and prominent Long Island family. Maude is the mother, Linus is the elder brother (who took charge of the company after his father died and has devoted his entire life to the company), and David is the younger brother, who has not worked a day in his life and who has had numerous girlfriends. Sabrina is nonetheless enamored with him. But David just thinks of her as the frumpy daughter of the chauffeur. Maude arranges for her to go Paris and work in Vogue. Sabrina's fascination with David grows. David, in the meantime, meets Elizabeth Tyson and tells Linus and Maude that she could be the one. What he doesn't know at first is that Linus wants to go into business with her parents so he encourages the relationship. But when David finds out, he is furious. Linus then tells him that it's about time that he contributes something and that this deal with Tysons is worth a billion dollars. David somehow proposes to her and she accepts. It's not long after that, that Sabrina returns. And David doesn't recognize her at first because she's now a little different. David is also entranced by her. Linus and Maude are concerned that the deal is in jeopardy, if Elizabeth or her parents find out about his pursuit of Sabrina. David injures himself, so Linus tries to distract Sabrina from him. Now Linus finds himself feeling things he hasn't felt in years. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sabrina Fairchild (Julia Ormond), is the Larrabee chauffeur's daughter. Maude Larrabee (Nancy Marchand) inherited the business, her son Linus (Harrison Ford) runs the business, and her other son David (Greg Kinnear) is the family playboy. Sabrina spends her time watching David from afar, but he doesn't know who she is. On the eve of her departure to Paris, Sabrina confesses her love, but to Linus by mistake. She goes to Paris to work at Vogue Magazine, and falls in love with the photographer, Louis (Patrick Bruel). She begins to mature and understand fashion as well as photography. In the meantime, David falls in love with Elizabeth Tyson (Lauren Holly), who is the daughter of Patrick Tyson (Richard Crenna). Linus sees this as a potential merger with Tyson Electronics. When Sabrina hears of the pending nuptials, she realizes she is still in love with David. She returns home, more glamorous, and sees David. He is surprised and doesn't recognize her and invites her to a party. David becomes smitten with her, much to the chagrin of his family. On the way to meet with Sabrina, David gets hurt, and Linus goes in his stead. They dance and talk, and Linus hatches a plan to get her away from David. Linus takes Sabrina to Martha's Vineyard, under the pretense of photographing a summer cottage that the Larrebee's own. They talk more, and Linus realizes she's bright and interesting. He begins to court her, and she is stuck between David and Linus. Linus decides to take Sabrina to Paris to allow David to marry Elizabeth. Maude realizes he is planning to dump her after the merger, and Linus meets Sabrina. He feels guilty and confesses his plan. She decides to go to Paris, alone. Sabrina tells David, and he confronts Linus. Linus tells David he's willing to sacrifice the merger, and gives David a ticket for Paris. The next day, David interrupts a meeting and tells Linus that he's staying with Elizabeth, and that Linus should go to Paris. Linus takes the Concorde and gets there before Sabrina. He tells her he loves her, and they embrace. The end. 