nm0003509:

 Radius (2017)Summaries A man wakes up with no memory of who he is, and finds that everyone who comes within a certain distance of him suddenly dies. Liam wakes from a car crash with no memory of who he is. As he makes his way into town to look for help, he finds only dead bodies, all with strange pale eyes. Liam's first assessment is that a virus is present in the air, but he soon discovers a horrible truth... Anne-Marie Gelinas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Babel (1999)Summaries Babel tells the story of the Babels, a strange breed of four-foot-tall creatures who once coexisted happily with human beings on planet Earth. However, when the humans built a huge tower to taunt God, he became angry and drove the Babels underground, while scattering the humans to the corners of the Earth and giving them different languages to keep them separate. Thousands of years later, three Babels are searching underground for the Babel Stone presented to them by God when they lose the map -- which is soon snapped up by a dog, who presents it to his master, an advertising man named Patrick. The Babels are desperate to recover the map, and they recruit Patrick's son David to help them find it (and the Babel Stone) before the evil Nemrod can steal the stone and claim its powers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Primary Motive (1992)Summaries In this political thriller, an ambitious press secretary discovers that the opposing political candidate has feathered the nest of his campaigns with terrible lies. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Exile (1991 )Summaries John Phillips was an undercover agent for the United States. Then his life was taken away after another agent had a secret to keep and decided to pin Phillips for a crime he didn't commit. Knowing the he cannot go back home because he would be arrested, he stays exiled in France under the name John Stone. There is only two people he can trust: Charlie Cabbott, A U.S. official who worked to get Phillips' name cleared and Danni Montreau, a French cop whom he would help solves cases with. He also has time to be charmed by local girl Jacquie Decaux. Pat McCurry <laraspal00@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 