nm0000397:

 Friday the 13th: The Final Chapter (1984)541) After being announced dead and taken to a morgue, Jason Voorhees spontaneously revives, escapes from the hospital, and stalks a group of friends renting a house in the countryside near Crystal Lake. After being stabbed in the head by Chris Higgins. Jason Vorhees is believed to be dead and is taken to a Hospital for an Autopsy. However, He is Alive and kills a Doctor and a Nurse and is loose once more. He Returns to Camp Crystal Lake where Young Boy Tommy Jarvis lives with his Mother and Older Sister. A Group of Teenagers move in to a House next door to the Jarvis House. Jason begins killing the Teenagers and kills Tommy's Mother. It's now up to Tommy and His Older Sister to kill Jason and end his murderous rampage once and for all. Thought to be killed by the sole survivor of the last massacre at Camp Crystal Lake, Jason Voorhees kills his way back to the camp to once again murder its inhabitants. This time, has Jason met his match in the little boy Tommy Jarvis? Michael Silva <silvamd@cleo.bc.edu> After the confrontation with Chris Higgins, Jason Voorhees, presumed dead, is taken to the Wessex County Morgue. There he escapes, killing an attendant and a nurse, and makes his way back to Camp Crystal Lake. Six teenagers rent a cabin next to the Jarvis' cabin in Camp Crystal Lake. Soon Jason finds his way to eliminate all who trespass his way, but not for long. There are two survivors left, a girl and her little brother, Tommy Jarvis. The final battle will define their destiny. Be prepared for the Final Chapter. josec_2001 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The day after the events of Friday the 13th Part III, police and paramedics are busy cleaning up the mess deformed mass murderer Jason Voorhees left at Higgins Haven, including the defeated hockey-masked killer himself. Two paramedics deliver Jason's corpse to the Wessex County morgue. But afterwords, it turns out that Jason is still alive. He rises, kills morgue doctor, Axel (Bruce Mahler), by slicing and breaking his neck with a hacksaw and then kills Nurse Morgan (Lisa Freeman) with a stomach stab, and heads back to Crystal Lake. Meanwhile, a group of friends named Paul (Alan Hayes), Samantha (Judie Aronson), Sara (Barbara Howard), Doug (Peter Barton), Ted (Lawrence Monoson), and Jimmy (Crispin Glover) have rented a house on Crystal Lake. On the way there, the group passes Mrs. Voorhees' tombstone and a female hitchhiker (Bonnie Hellman), after the group drives off the hitchhiker becomes Jason's next victim, stabbed in the throat while eating a banana. Next to the rental house is the Jarvis home. The group meets 17-year-old Trish Jarvis (Kimberly Beck) and her 11-year-old younger brother Tommy (Corey Feldman) when they arrive. The teenages have an evening and night of fun which nothing happens. Trish wants to go over to the house where the group is, but her mother (Joan Freeman) forbids her from doing so. Tommy, a video game addict, spends the evening in his room playing Atari games and making latex masks as his hobby. The next day, the group befriends two British-accented twin teenage girls Tina (Camilla More) and Terri (Carey More), who live in the area, and they all go skinny dipping at Crystal Point. Trish and Tommy, driving by, stop to see who's at Crystal Point and the group invites Trish to a party that night. Trish's car breaks down a bit further along the road, and they are helped by Rob (E.Erich Anderson), a hiker with mysterious reasons for visiting Crystal Lake, who soon becomes good friends with Trish and Tommy. Next door, the kids are enjoying themselves by dancing and listening to music. With four girls and four boys, each now has a date. However conflict ensues as some of the kids switch dates. These conflicts prove to be the least of their troubles as Jason predictably stalks and kills them one by one. Samantha goes out skinny-dipping and is impaled from under a raft. When Paul goes out to be with her, he finds her nude dead body in the raft and while swimming back to shore, he is stabbed in the groin with a spear. When it begins to rain, Terri decides to leave early and is about to get on her bicycle but has a spear rammed into her back. After having sex with Tina, Jimmy decides to celebrate with a carefree bottle of wine. While searching for a corkscrew in the kitchen, Jason emerges and slams the corkscrew into Jimmy's hand and then drives a meat cleaver into his face. Upstairs, Tina looks out the window where she is grabbed and thrown two stories down landing on the car. While a stoned Ted watches vintage 1910s stag films, he gets too close to the projector screen and is stabbed in the head with a kitchen knife though the screen from the other side. After Doug and Sara finish making love in the shower, Jason attacks Doug and crashes his head against the shower tile. He then kills Sara by driving an axe through the front door when she tries to escape. At the Jarvis house, Trish and Tommy find their mother missing, so Trish goes to Rob for help. Rob explains that he's looking to get revenge for the death of his sister, Sandra Dyer (killed by Jason in Part 2). Trish and Rob take Gordon (the Jarvis family dog) next door to see what's going on. Tommy is left at home, and finds Rob's newspaper articles about Jason. At the house, a frightened Gordon jumps though a second story window and flees. Jason kills Rob, and Trish flees back to her home intending to warn Tommy. After a long chase in and between the houses, Tommy shaves his head and makes himself up to look like Jason, which is effective in distracting Jason long enough for Trish to be able to attack him with his machete. She just misses him, but manages to knock the hockey mask off his face. Horrified by Jason's appearance, she drops the machete to the floor. Tommy picks it up and swings it at Jason's head. Jason then falls to the floor, causing the machete to dig further into his head. As he embraces his sister, Tommy sees Jason begin to move, loses control and, hacks Jason repeatedly with the machete, while Trish screams his name. The final scene of the film has Tommy visiting Trish in the hospital, and they embrace as they believe their nightmare is over, with a bizarre shot of Tommy psychotically looking towards the camera. 
 The Lost Boys (1987)541) After moving to a new town, two brothers discover that the area is a haven for vampires. A mother and her two sons move to a small coast town in California. The town is plagued by bikers and some mysterious deaths. The younger boy makes friends with two other boys who claim to be vampire hunters while the older boy is drawn into the gang of bikers by a beautiful girl. The older boy starts sleeping days and staying out all night while the younger boy starts getting into trouble because of his friends' obsession. Zaphod <aaa@scs.leeds.ac.uk> Financial troubles force a recent divorce and her teenage sons Mike and Sam to settle down with her father in the California town of Santa Carla. The town is plagued by bikers and some mysterious deaths. At first, Sam laughs off rumors he hears about vampires who inhabit the small town, until he makes friends with two other boys who claim to be vampire hunters. But after Mike meets a beautiful girl at the local amusement park, he begins to exhibit the classic signs of vampirism, sleeping days and staying out all night, and is drawn into the gang of bikers by the beautiful girl. The younger boy starts getting into trouble because of his friends' obsession. Fearing for his own safety, Sam recruits the two young vampire hunters to save his brother by finding and destroying the head vampire. JRemingtonW Financial troubles force a recent divorcee and her teenage sons Mike and Sam to settle down with her father in the California town of Santa Carla. At first, Sam laughs off rumours he hears about vampires who inhabit the small town. But after Mike meets a beautiful girl at the local amusement park, he begins to exhibit the classic signs of vampirism. Fearing for his own safety, Sam recruits two young vampire hunters to save his brother by finding and destroying the head vampire. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Following the divorce of their parents, Micheal [Jason Patric] and Sam [Corey Haim] Emerson, along with their mother Lucy [Dianne Wiest], move to Santa Carla, California to live with their mother's father, a peculiar old man [Barnard Hughes]. Known as the murder capital of the world, Santa Carla boasts a local boardwalk where a number of young people hang out. Most notable is a group of young men and their leader named David [Keifer Sutherland]. When the Emersons go out to the boardwalk for the first time, Lucy finds a video store run by a genial man named Max [Edward Herrmann]. They have a pleasant conversation, and Lucy is soon hired by him. Sam finds a comic shop near the boardwalk, overseen by the Frog Brothers, Edgar [Corey Feldman] and Alan [Jamison Newlander]. The two give Sam a comic about vampires, which Sam reluctantly takes. Meanwhile, Michael becomes enthralled by the mysterious and beautiful Star [Jami Gertz], who happens to be the girlfriend of David. David and his gang take Michael to their hideout, which is the remnants of an old hotel that collapsed during an earthquake. While there, Michael inadvertently drinks David's blood, thinking it is wine. Michael starts to develop some side effects - including sensitivity to sounds, a lack of reflection, and even flying. At one point, Michael almost attacks Sam, but is stopped by the family dog named Nanook. When Sam notices Michael's faded reflection in a mirror and him being able to fly, he realizes his brothers a vampire, and in a panic calls their Mom, who is having dinner with Max. Michael manages to calm Sam down, to the point that when their Mom arrives, Sam claims a comic book freaked him out. Needless to say, Lucy is upset at having her evening ruined. After these events, Michael returns to David's hideout, where he confronts Star. She admits that the bottle he drank from did contain David's blood, and his suspicions are true. The next day, Sam accompanies his Mom to Max's place to drop off some wine. However, they are both terrified when Max's dog Thorn attempts to attack Lucy! Feeling the attack seemed similar to something in the comic he was given, Sam tells the Frog Brothers. In regards to Michael, the brother claim Sam has to stake Michael to kill him, but Sam refuses, confident that his brother is only a half-vampire, and that he can be saved if the head-vampire is killed. After the way Thorn acted and not having seen Max in the daylight, Sam is convinced that Max is the head-vampire. Lucy invites Max over to dinner a few days later. Michael leaves when Max arrives, but not before per Kax's request, he invites him in. Sam has brought the Frog Brothers over for the dinner, and they attempt to expose him. However none of their plans work, and they conclude that Max is not the head-vampire. Finally, Michael decides to take Star, along with a little half-vampire boy named Laddie Thompson [Chance Michael Corbitt], from David's clutches and brings Sam and the Frog Brothers with him to kill David and his gang while Michael grabs Star and Laddie. The inexperienced Frog Brothers manage to kill one vampire before waking the bunch and flee into the daylight. David smiles as the group escapes saying "tonight". Sam, Michael, and the Frog Brothers prepare for the night ahead. They prepare a bathtub full of garlic. They fill squirt guns with holy water. They prepare wooden stakes. Night falls and David and the remainder of his crowd come to Sam and Michael's house to seek vengeance. Sam and Michael take out one of the vampires by electricity and the Frog Brothers are saved by Sam & Michael's dog when the dog knocks a vampire into the bathtub with garlic. Finally, David and Michael face off. Michael kills David by pushing him onto some antlers. The only problem is that Michael doesn't go back to being human, meaning David is not the head-vampire. Just then Lucy comes home with Max from a date. Unseen by Max, Michael and Star hide in the shadows as Max approaches the deceased David. Max appears to be upset by the death. It's then that it is revealed that Max is the head vampire and that David and his gang were Max's "children" of sorts. Max wanted David to make Michael and Sam part of the "family" so that Lucy would agree to being with Max knowing what he is. Max wanted Lucy because his boys were in need of a mother. Even though his boys are dead he still wants Lucy. Max takes hold of Sam, telling Lucy that Sam will die if she doesn't come to him. Just then Lucy's father busts into the house in his car equipped with wooden stakes. Max is killed and the day is saved. As Lucy makes sure her boys are okay, the grandfather goes to the kitchen, pops open a beer and says "There's one thing about living in Santa Carla...I never could stomach - all the damn vampires." 
 Stand by Me (1986)541) After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy. It's the summer of 1959 in Castlerock, Oregon and four 12 year-old boys - Gordie, Chris, Teddy and Vern - are fast friends. After learning of the general location of the body of a local boy who has been missing for several days, they set off into the woods to see it. Along the way, they learn about themselves, the meaning of friendship and the need to stand up for what is right. garykmcd Shocked by the death of a dear friend he finds out while reading the local newspaper, the now-late-thirty-something writer, Gordie Lachance, takes a trip down memory lane, when back in Oregon, in the hot summer of 1959, he and his three close friends, Chris, Teddy, and Vern, set out on a life-changing adventure. Back then, the news about the death of a missing twelve-year-old boy sparked their interest in following the train tracks, and become heroes by finding first his body. Unfortunately, so did the local tough, Ace Merrill, and his gang of bullies. Indeed, sometimes, growing up can be hard; nevertheless, finding real friends can be even harder. Will life be simpler if you stand by me? Nick Riganas Gordie Lachance, a writer, looks back on his preteen days when he and three close friends went on their own adventure to find the body of a kid their age who had gone missing and presumed dead. The stakes are upped when the bad kids in town are closely tailing - and it becomes a race to see who'll be able to recover the body first. Dismal Angel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A man ( Richard Dreyfuss ) sits in his car reading the headline of a newspaper article about a man who had been stabbed to death at a fast food restaurant. He is overcome with a wave of nostalgia and begins to narrate the story of when he was 12 years old and the time he first saw a dead human being. Gordon "Gordie" Lachance ( Wil Wheaton ) is playing cards inside a tree house with his best friends Chris Chambers ( River Phoenix ) and Teddy Duchamp ( Corey Feldman ). Each boy has his own story and a reputation to follow. Chris comes from a family renowned for their dishonesty and abusive nature, which gives him a bad rap despite his tough but kind disposition. Teddy, rather eccentric, is recognizable by the mangled remains of his right ear which his mentally unstable father held down to a hot stove top. His father resides in a mental institution but Teddy speaks highly of him for serving in WWII. The fourth of their group and the butt of many jokes, portly Vern Tessio ( Jerry O'Connell ), begs to be let in the tree house, saying he has important news. The others make light fun of him until he asks if they want to go see a dead body. They all fall silent as he explains that, while looking for a misplaced penny jar under his porch, he overheard his older brother Billy ( Casey Siemaszko ) and friend Charlie Hogan ( Gary Riley ) discuss how Billy found the body of Ray Brower, a kid who had recently gone missing. Gordie and his friends followed the story closely because Ray was around their age, last seen picking blueberries in the woods outside of town. Billy says the kid must have been hit by a train and refuses to report the discovery to the police because he was at the site in a stolen car. Gordie and the others decide to go find the body and accept recognition as local heroes. They make plans to tell their parents they're sleeping over at each other's homes the next day and to meet the next morning on the train tracks leading out of town. Come morning, Gordie goes to fetch his canteen in his older brother's room. A few months prior his brother, Denny ( John Cusack ), a popular athlete, died in a car accident. Gordie's mother ( Frances Lee McCain ) has been silent and distant since then and his father ( Marshall Bell ) asks him why he can't have friends like Denny's or play sports like him. He has no interest in his son's aspirations to become a writer and criticizes Chris for stealing milk money at school. The only support Gordie received was from his brother who gave him an old Yankee cap, something he now cherishes. Gordie meets Chris in town who takes him to a back alley and shows him the gun he swiped from his father's bureau. Gordie lightly takes aim at a garbage can and pulls the trigger, thinking it's not loaded. It is. It fires and sends the two running for the main street where they come across a few members of a gang led by Ace Merrill ( Kiefer Sutherland ). Chris's older brother, Eyeball ( Bradley Gregg ) leers at the boys as Ace steals Gordie's cap and threatens Chris with a lit cigarette. They let the boys go unharmed and walk away, laughing. Gordie and Chris meet up with Teddy and Vern at the train tracks where they realize no one's brought food. They take out their money and agree to buy something along the way. As a train approaches, everyone but Teddy gets off the tracks. Teddy imitates shooting an automatic at the train, intent on dodging it at the last second, 'just like my father in Normandy'. Chris, however, pulls him off before the stunt can be performed and yells at him for nearly killing himself. They soon arrive at a local junkyard that is rumored to house a disgruntled owner with a ferocious dog named Chopper which he's supposedly trained to attack any intruders, going right for the person's balls. However, the yard is empty and the four rest in the shade of a car hood for a few minutes while Gordie, after losing a race, goes to retrieve food at the store on the other side. On his way back, he notices the others scrambling over the yard fence and turns just in time to see the owner, Milo Pressman ( William Bronder ), emerge, yelling for Chopper. Due to the dog's legendary reputation, when Milo shouts for Chopper to 'sick 'em, boy', Gordie imagines that what Milo's saying is 'sick balls'. Gordie frantically runs for the fence with the dog close on his heels but makes it over the top. He turns and sees that Chopper ( Popeye ) is not the dog he'd expected. Milo rushes over to the fence and berates the four boys for making fun of his dog. Teddy throws a few insults but is shocked silent when Milo calls his father a loony. Teddy breaks down, shouting that his father stormed the beach at Normandy, and has to be led away by the others. Following the train tracks, they come to a bridge. They hesitate to cross, unsure of when the next train is due. Feeling confident, they begin to cross with Chris and Teddy in the lead and Gordie trailing behind Vern, who's chosen to crawl instead of walk. Midway, Vern loses a comb that he packed in his shirt pocket which he'd hoped to use once they found the body and reported it to the local news. Gordie consistently looks back and bends down to feel the rails. A light vibration leads him to see plumes of smoke in the distance. He shouts "TRAIN!" and yells at Vern to get to his feet and run. They are barely able to make it to the other side and off the tracks. Chris jokes that now, at least, they know when the next train is. As they continue deeper into the forest, Chris lags behind with Gordie who is despondent about being a writer and doesn't think much of his talents. Chris tries to encourage him, saying that he wishes he was his father instead so that he could give him proper guidance and support. They set up camp for the night and Gordie tells them all a story about a kid named Lardass Hogan ( Andy Lindberg ), stuck with such a name because of his weight. Sick and tired of being made fun of for his considerable size, Lardass takes revenge on the rest of his town by forcing himself to violently throw up during a blueberry pie eating contest. What ensues is a comedic chain reaction of perpetual barfing. The boys decide to sleep in shifts and Gordie takes the opportunity, while Vern and Teddy sleep, to talk to Chris alone. Chris confides in him that he hates his family name and the association he has with them, wishing to leave to start fresh somewhere and actually make something of himself. He reveals that he did take the milk money at school first but felt remorseful about it and returned it to one of the teachers, who happened to show up to school the next day in a brand new dress. Chris took the heat for the theft but could never atone to it because of his family's reputation. The next morning, Ace and his gang are seen spending recreational time smoking and hitting mailboxes with baseball bats as they drive through their neighborhood. Billy and Charlie draw Ace's attention with their silence and they finally blab about finding Ray's body. Intent on claiming credit for himself, Ace heads out with them, along with Vince Desjardins ( Jason Oliver Lipsett ) and Eyeball. Meanwhile, Gordie and the others take a shortcut through the woods and land in a swamp infested with leeches. They strip down and Gordie finds one attached to his lower extremities, fainting after removing it. Eventually, they come back to the tracks and discover Ray's body ( Kent W. Luttrell ), knocked clean out of his shoes and lying in some bushes. They decide to build a stretcher for him and Gordie breaks down, crying that his father truly hates him and knowing that he favored Denny. At that moment, Ace and the rest of the gang appear and demand that the boys leave so they can take the body. Chris insults him and Ace pulls out a knife before Gordie fires the gun in the air. He threatens Ace, saying it'll be all too easy to kill him, and Ace leaves. Gordie announces that no one will get the credit for finding Ray; they will instead report it through an anonymous call. They return to town with Gordie narrating that it seemed so much smaller after their journey. As the boys split up and head home, Gordie narrates that Vern and Teddy grew distant over the next few years. Vern married straight out of high school, had four children, and became a fork lift driver at a lumberyard. Teddy attempted to join the army but was rejected due to his poor eyesight and ear injury. He eventually served some jail time and performed odd jobs around Castle Rock. Chris managed to stick it in school with Gordie and went to college to become a lawyer. However, it's revealed that he was stabbed and killed when he tried to break up a fight in a fast food restaurant; the very article Gordie read at the start of the film. Gordie closes the film as he finishes a memoir he's been writing about his childhood and leaves to take his son and friend ( Chance Quinn and Jason Naylor ) out swimming. 
 The Goonies (1985)66) A group of young misfits called The Goonies discover an ancient map and set out on an adventure to find a legendary pirate's long-lost treasure. Mikey and his friends have always wanted to go on an adventure. One night they are all in Mikey's attic and Mikey stumbles across an old map. Mikey has always wanted to know if One-eyed Willy ever was a real person and now he might. They set off and later realize that they have to go through the evil Mama Fratelli's restaurant to get to a secret passage to the caves. As they try to get into the caves Mama Fratelli catches Chunk and he is left behind. He then meets Sloth one of Mama Fratelli's sons with a messed up face. He befriends Sloth. Meanwhile Mama Fratelli and her sons are trying to get to the treasure too. Will the kids make it there before Mama Fratelli does? Will Chuck ever get out of her basement? Black Wolf Sadly, to make way for a new golf course, the entire community of the peaceful coastal town of Goon Docks in Oregon faces imminent foreclosure. However, when a band of local childhood friends, who call themselves the "Goonies", stumble upon an old treasure map riddled with hints and clues leading to the fabled loot the notorious pirate, "One-Eyed" Willy, the opportunity to save their homes emerges. Now, as the criminal Fratelli family is hot on their trail, a frenzied race against time begins; one that leads the Goonies to an underground maze of ingeniously dangerous booby traps, all designed by Willy himself to protect his fortune. Can the dauntless Goonies prove their mettle? Above all, is the treasure real? Nick Riganas The criminal Jake escapes from the jail with the support of his brother Francis and his mother Mama Fratelli. Meanwhile a group of boys called The Goonies that will be evicted from their homes in Goon Docks since their parents were not capable to pay the mortgage of their houses meet each other in the house of the brothers Mikey Walsh and Brand to celebrate the last day together. When they go to the attic, Mikey finds the map of the treasure of the pirate One Eyed Willis's and he shows to his friends Data, Chunk and Mouth. They decide to seek out the treasure to save their homes but they find that the location is the hideout of the Fratelli family. Soon they team up with their friends Andy and Stef but they are hunted down by the Fratelli family that wants the treasure for themselves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A ruthless crime family calling themselves the "Fratellis" have somehow escaped from jail and are now hiding in a town of Astoria, Oregon. Home of a secret kid society known as "The Goonies", their leader is Michael "Mikey" Walsh, and they are enjoying their last weekend together as a system of contractors have bought their neighborhood and are considering on transforming it into a golf course. However Mikey, stumbles upon a mysterious map to a treasure of a famed pirate "One-Eyed" Willie. So, The Goonies embark on an adventure to find the treasure and save their neighborhood. However, they also came across the Fratellis. So, The Goonies have to stay one step head of the Fratellis and find the treasure while avoiding a system of traps. John Wiggins The Goonies are a group of friends living in a village, the groups leader Mikey Walsh, his older brother Brand and gang members Andy, Data, Stef, Mouth, and Chunk are being evicted from their homes which are to be demolished. Setting out to find a way of saving their homes, The Goonies find a treasure map and they set off in search for the treasure of the legendary pirate One-Eyed Willy which is located beneath a abandoned restaurant. Joined by a deformed gentle giant named Sloth, The Goonies embark on a great adventure through a underground maze filled with traps and skeletons, where they are pursued by Sloth's mother, thief Momma Fratelli and his brothers Jake and Francis who are also after One-Eyed Willy's treasure and they willing to get the treasure first. Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 