nm0001151:

 Somewhere (2010)431) After withdrawing to the Chateau Marmont, a passionless Hollywood actor reexamines his life when his eleven-year-old daughter surprises him with a visit. Hollywood actor Johnny Marco, nested in his luxury hotel of choice, is a stimulated man. Drinking, parties and women keep a creeping boredom under wraps in between jobs. He is the occasional father of a bright girl, Cleo, who may be spoiled but doesn't act it. When Cleo's mother drops her off and leaves town, Johnny brings her along for the ride, but can he fit an 11-year-old girl into his privileged lifestyle? Peter Brandt Nielsen Johnny Marco is a Hollywood star who leads an empty life: alcohol, women, and a Ferrari. As he lethargically promotes his newest film, including a quick trip to Milan, the one bright and human spot in his life is his pre-teen daughter Cleo. When Cleo's mom decides she needs a break, Johnny has Cleo for the week before she goes to summer camp. In balancing fatherhood, promos, and drop-by women, Johnny comes to a realization. After Cleo's gone to camp, is he stuck in nowhere? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Writer/director Sofia Coppolas film is an intimate story set in contemporary Los Angeles; Johnny Marco (Stephen Dorff) is a bad-boy actor stumbling through a life of excess (frenzied girls, booze and cars) at the Chateau Marmont Hotel, totally disconnected from the real life. With an unexpected visit from his 11-year-old daughter (Elle Fanning), Johnny is forced to look at the questions every father has to confront. Cleo surprisingly shows up and begins to grow fond of him, getting Johnnys connection to the real world to revive in her. As soon as Cleo leaves Marco is terribly lost but with the gift of being someone different. Coppola depicts a wonderful mood and atomosphere, the mellanchionic and spiritual touch being similar to the one of "Lost in Translation". 
 Immortals (2011)541) Theseus is a mortal man chosen by Zeus to lead the fight against the ruthless King Hyperion, who is on a rampage across Greece to obtain a weapon that can destroy humanity. Eons after the Gods won their mythic struggle against the Titans, a new evil threatens the land. Mad with power, King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) has declared war against humanity. Amassing a bloodthirsty army of soldiers disfigured by his own hand, Hyperion has scorched Greece in search of the legendary Epirus Bow, a weapon of unimaginable power forged in the heavens by Ares (Daniel Sharman). Only he who possesses this bow can unleash the Titans, who have been imprisoned deep within the walls of Mount Tartaros since the dawn of time and thirst for revenge. In the King's hands, the bow would rain destruction upon mankind and annihilate the Gods. But ancient law dictates the Gods must not intervene in man's conflict. They remain powerless to stop Hyperion, until a peasant named Theseus (Henry Cavill) comes forth as their only hope. Secretly chosen by Zeus (Luke Evans), Theseus must save his people from Hyperion and his hordes. Rallying a band of fellow outsiders, including visionary Priestess Phaedra (Freida Pinto) and cunning slave Stavros (Stephen Dorff), one hero will lead the uprising, or watch his homeland fall into ruin and his Gods vanish into legend. In Greece, the cruel and evil King Hyperion ( Mickey Rourke ) is searching with his ruthless army for the Epirus Bow, a powerful weapon made by the Gods, to unleash the imprisoned Titans and destroy the Gods. When King Hyperion comes to the village of the peasant Theseus, he kills his mother and brings Theseus (Henry Cavill) as a slave to work in his mines. However, Phaedra (Freida Pinto) helps to release him with the support of the prisoner Stavros (Stephen Dorff). Meanwhile, Zeus (Luke Evans) advises the other Gods that they should not interfere with the human free will and the last hope of mankind. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Eons ago, the gods defeated the Titans. Now a new threat has emerged. The evil King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke), is on the warpath searching for a powerful weapon called the Epirus Bow. With this, he can destroy the gods and become the ruler of the world. As villages are destroyed and innocent people massacred, the fate of humanity rests in the hands of the warrior Theseus (Henry Cahill) and the oracle Phaedra (Freida Pinto). tompeterdaly-63240 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When the world was young, the gods did battle in the sky. The victors ruled on Mt. Olympus and imprisoned the vanquished -- the Titans -- beneath Mt. Tartarus on Earth. Also lost during the battle is the Bow of Epirus, a mighty weapon that can shoot invincible energy arrows. Centuries later, King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) mounts a campaign to recover the Bow of Epirus and free the Titans. Bitter over the deaths of his wife and children due to disease, he is resolved to destroy the gods who refused his prayers to spare his family. He overtakes the Sybelline Monastery, imprisoning the virgin oracle Phaedra (Freida Pinto) and her attendants, then lays waste to villages in the area. In one village works the stone mason Theseus (Henry Cavil). Theseus has been trained in the military arts by a mysterious Old Man (John Hurt) who encourages him to be a protector of all humanity; Theseus, whose devout mother was raped and thus considered an outcast, refuses. When the goddess Athena (Isabel Lucas) visits the Old Man, he is revealed to be Zeus (Luke Evans) in human disguise. When Hyperion's forces destroy Theseus's village, he kills Theseus's mother in front of him and imprisons Theseus, where Phaedra and her attendants are also kept. Phaedra inadvertently touches Theseus and has a vision of him as either the savior of humanity or the ally of Hyperion in the destruction of the world. That night, she and her attendants seduce and kill the guards; Phaedra escapes with Theseus and two other slaves, Stavros (Steven Dorff) and Daerios (Alan Van Spring). Although Zeus has forbidden the gods to intervene unless the Titans are freed, Athena, Poseidon (Kellan Lutz) and Ares (Daniel Sharman) determine to protect Theseus as best they can. Phaedra tells Theseus he must return to his village and properly bury his mother. There, Theseus discovers the Bow of Epirus. Hyperion has sent the Minotaur (Robert Maillet) and soldiers to intercept them. The soldiers kill Daerios but, after a brutal battle with the Minotaur, Theseus uses the Bow to free the others. That night, Phaedra makes love to Theseus to free herself from her premonitory powers. The humans make their way to the Sybelline Monastery, where Hyperion has laid another trap. A jackal steals the Bow of Epirus and takes it to Hyperion, but the timely arrival of Athena and Ares saves Thesus, Phaedra and Stavros. This enrages Zeus who kills Ares in punishment but allows Athena to provide horses to Theseus so he can join a last stand against Hyperion's forces. As Theseus leads the fight against Hyperions' army, Hyperion uses the Bow to free the Titans from their prison. This prompts Zeus to intervene, and he, Athena, Poseidon, Heracles and Apollo fight a ferocious battle against the Titans. Theseus confronts Hyperion and, though mortally wounded, finally kills him. The Titans kill all of the gods except Zeus who destroys Mt. Tartarus to contain them again. Zeus takes Athena and Theseus to Olympus with him. Several years later, Phaedra lives in Theseus's village with her son, the result of her coupling with Theseus. The Old Man approaches the boy and tells him to prepare for a coming war in heaven. The boy closes his eyes and has a vision of Theseus leading the gods in battle against the resurgent Titans. --- The following is not a plot synopsis, as Tarsem Singh, regardless of his "vision," is not part of the plot of the film. Visionary director Tarsem Singh (The Cell, The Fall) transports us in this epic tale of treachery, vengeance and destiny in Immortals, a stylish and visually spectacular 3D action adventure. As a power-hungry king razes ancient Greece in search of a legendary weapon, a heroic young villager rises up against him in a thrilling quest as timeless as it is powerful. The brutal and bloodthirsty King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) and his murderous Heraklion army rampage across Greece in search of the long lost Bow of Epirus. With the invincible Bow, the king will be able to overthrow the Gods of Olympus and become the undisputed master of his world. With ruthless efficiency, Hyperion and his legions destroy everything in their wake, and it seems nothing will stop the evil king's mission. As village after village is obliterated, a stonemason named Theseus (Henry Cavill) vows to avenge his mother, who was killed in one of Hyperion's brutal raids. When Theseus meets the Sybelline Oracle, Phaedra (Freida Pinto), her disturbing visions of the young man's future convince her he is the key to stopping the destruction. With her help, Theseus assembles a small band of followers and embraces his destiny in a final, desperate battle for the future of humanity. Immortals is produced by Gianni Nunnari (300), Mark Canton (300) and Ryan Kavanaugh (The Fighter). 
 Felon (2008)321) Locked up for killing an intruder in self-defense, a family man must cope with life in the violent penal system. A family man, Wade Porter, is living the American Dream with his girlfriend Laura and their son Michael: they have a nice house, he has just raised a loan to make his company grow and they are going to get married. However their dream becomes a nightmare when Wade unintentionally kills a burglar that had broken into their house in the middle of the night on his lawn. He is sent to trial and accepts a deal proposed by the prosecutor, being sentenced to three years in prison. During the transportation, there is an incident in the bus and Wade is framed and sent to the maximum security wing under the command of the corrupt Lieutenant Jackson. His cell-mate John Smith that was sentenced to life after avenging the death of his family befriends Wade and gives helpful advice and instills hope in Wade that he will return to his family. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Family man Wade Porter (Stephen Dorff) is living the American Dream with his girlfriend Laura (Marisol Nichols) and their son Michael: they have a nice house, he has just raised a loan to make his company grow and they are going to get married. However their dream becomes a nightmare when Wade unintentionally kills a burglar that had broken into their house in the middle of the night on his lawn. Due to the fact that Wade attacked the intruder and killed him outside of the house, he is tried for murder, and accepts a deal proposed by the prosecutor, being sentenced to three years in prison. In the county jail, Wade gets into a brawl the first night after being attacked by an inmate in the community cell. After his sentencing is given, he is transferred to Corcoran State Prison. On the bus ride over, Danny Sampson, leader of the local Aryan Brotherhood, kills a man and hides the knife with a young Aryan member sitting behind Wade. In a moment's panic, the young man hides the knife under Wade and forces him to deny knowledge of the knife. As a result, Wade is sent to solitary confinement until the mess can be sorted out. Upon further investigation by Lieutenant Jackson (Harold Perrineau), Jackson is convinced Wade is an accessory to murder, and decides to send Wade to the Security Housing Unit (SHU), of which Jackson is the commanding officer. Life is tough for Wade in the SHU. In addition to 23-hour lockdown days, and the inability to see his family at first, the 1-hour yard days consist of fights, to which the guards bet on. Scared and desperate, Wade initially groups with the Aryans, even going so far as to shave his head. His cell-mate John Smith (Val Kilmer) who was serving a life sentence after avenging the death of his family befriends Wade and gives helpful advice and hope to him. 
 Blade (1998)651) A half-vampire, half-mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race, while slaying evil vampires. In a world where vampires walk the earth, Blade has a goal. His goal is to rid the world of all vampire evil. When Blade witnesses a vampire bite Dr. Karen Jenson, he fights away the beast and takes Jenson back to his hideout. Here, alongside Abraham Whistler, Blade attempts to help heal Jenson. The vampire Quinn who was attacked by Blade, reports back to his master Deacon Frost, who is planning a huge surprise for the human population. Film_Fan Imbued with the cursed gift of immortality, the invincible half-human/half-vampire hybrid, Blade, embarks on an endless mission to rid humankind of the blood-suckers that infest the Earth. Suppressing his feral thirst for human blood, the preternatural "Day-walker" crosses paths with the megalomaniac vampire, Deacon Frost, whose ambitious plans threaten to end the world as we know it. Now, Blade and his loyal mentor, Whistler, seem to have met their match. Can they put an end to Deacon's nightmarish scheme? Nick Riganas When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying: All the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. Blade grew up to be a vampire hunter for revenge on his mother's death. The vampires, who managed to infiltrate nearly every major organization, need Blade's very special blood to summon La Magra, the blood god, in order to reign over the human cattle, as they call us. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Blade, along with his life-long friend Whistler battle vampires. Blade was born of a mother bitten by a vampire, he possesses all their strengths and none of their weaknesses. He is known as the day walker because sunlight does not affect him. With the addition of a new ally, Dr. Karen Jenson, Blade endeavors to prevent the evil Frost from unleashing the blood god upon the world. FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1967 with a pregnant woman being admitted to a hospital, severely bleeding from the neck. Paramedics think she was attacked by some type of animal. Doctors perform an emergency C-Section, and her baby (a boy) is born alive just as she dies. Thirty years later a young man named Dennis (Kenny Johnson) is riding in a car with an attractive redhead named Racquel (Traci Lords) heading to an underground nightclub (located, oddly, in a slaughterhouse) somewhere in Los Angeles. After addressing the doorman in Russian, Racquel brings the young man into the club. The man is confused and trying to understand the rules of the club. Some of the regulars indifferently push him aside. Saying he needs a drink, the sprinkler suddenly system activates, raining blood down on everyone inside. It is then that he (and the audience) realizes that everyone in the club is a vampire. Dennis desperately tries to get away and winds up at the feet of a menacing figure in a black-leather trenchcoat. The vampires look on this figure with awe, mumbling the words: "it's the Daywalker!" This is our first look at Blade (Wesley Snipes), the vampire killer. Blade pulls out a shotgun and opens fire on the vampires, who instantly burn to ashes when killed. When the gun is knocked out of his hands by Racquel, Blade uses a set of silver stakes to kill Racquel and more vampires, including the disk jockey. Soon all the vamps are either dead or have fled except for one; a heavyset vamp named Quinn (Donal Logue), whom Blade has apparently run into before. Blade pins Quinn to the wall, and then sets him on fire before confronting the last member in the club (the human man from the beginning). Finding no vampire bite marks on Dennis, Blade lets him live and makes his escape as the police arrive. Quinn is extinguished and taken to the local hospital. A morgue technician, Curtis (Tim Guinee) examines his blood and shows the results to Dr. Karen Jenson (N'Bushe Wright), who finds a number of irregularities, including abnormally developed jaw muscles. As they are discussing the test results, Quinn bursts back to life and bites both doctors. Before he can finish Dr. Jenson, Blade shows up and saves her, cutting off one of Quinn's arms. Blade brings Karen, severely weakened and in shock, to his hideout and asks for help from his mentor, an older man named named Whistler (Kris Kristofferson). Whistler injects Dr. Jenson with a solution of garlic essence and silver nitrate and remarks that she has a 50/50 chance of recovering. Meanwhile, a group of vampires are discussing Blade's latest attack on their members. Apparently this club (and to an extent, Quinn) is the property of a vampire named Deacon Frost (Stephen Dorff). Frost wants the vampires to outright rule the humans and use them as a food source while the others (particularly an older vampire named Dragonetti) prefer to maintain a peaceful co-existance. Dragonetti (Udo Kier) in particular does not like Frost because Frost is not a "pure-blood" (ie: was not born a vampire, merely became one through the bite of another). Frost is also arrogant and his & the actions of his followers draw unnecessary attention to the vampire underworld. The next morning, Jenson awakens and wanders into Blade's chamber. She examines the sophisticated sword he carries and finds that the handle is booby-trapped. She then sees Whistler injecting Blade with some type of serum. She tries to run away but Whistler confronts her and tells her that he and Blade are hunting vampires. Karen of course is skeptical, but Whistler goes on to explain the weapons they used to hunt them - vampires are severely allergic to silver & garlic while also being vulnerable to sunlight (ultraviolet rays in particular). Whistler fuels up Blade's car and gives him a new UV flashlight to use when hunting that night. Whistler also gives Karen a type of "vampire mace" (garlic & silver nitrate in a small spray canister). Blade drops Karen off at her apartment and she tries to pack up and get out of town. A police officer, identifying himself as Officer Krieger (Kevin Patrick Walls), arrives and questions her about the events at the hospital last night, as a pretext for trying to attack her. Before he can kill her, Blade returns and subdues the policeman. Blade explains that this officer is a "familiar," (also called a "Renfield" or a "bug-eater") a human slave owned by a vampire. If he completes a series of tasks for a vampire, Krieger will be converted. Blade reveals a tattoo called a "glyph" on the back of the officer's neck and recognizes it as the mark of Deacon Frost. Blade lets Officer Krieger go free in the hopes of tracking him to another vampire club. Blade's hunch pays off and he and Karen arrive at a new underground club and have a confrontation with Pearl (Eric Edwards), a morbidly-obese vampire who works as a record keeper. Pearl confesses that Deacon Frost is researching ancient vampire prophecies... one in particular involving a ritual and a creature named "La Magra." Karen burns Pearl severely with Whistler's giant UV light and Blade steals part of Pearl's hard drive. Blade and Karen move further into the vampire archives and find the giant pages from "The Book of Erebus," the vampire Bible. They are suddenly ambushed by a group of vampires led by Quinn, now healed and having regrown his lost hand. Quinn tortures Blade for information (and for his own amusement) but realizes that Blade has a radio link in his ear. Whistler suddenly arrives (having been listening in the whole time), blowing a hole in the wall and opens fire on the vampires. The three heroes escape through the subway system, and Blade cuts off Quinn's other hand to get away. When he and Karen board a passing subway car, Blade steps back and injects himself with more serum. Karen suspects that Blade is actually a vampire himself, but Blade responds in the negative; he is something completely different. At a vampire club, Officer Krieger arrives where he reports to Frost about Blade and of his new alliance with the doctor, Karen. Frost is angry for letting Blade get away. Frost turns on Krieger, biting his throat and allowing his girlfriend, Mercury (Arly Jover) to join him. Back at the hideout, Whistler explains Blade's history to Karen: Blade was the baby seen in the opening scene; his mother was attacked by a vampire hours before he was born. She died but Blade lived and Whistler found him on the streets, feeding on homeless people. Due to the unique circumstances of his birth, Blade is a hybrid of human and vampire abilities; he can resist garlic and silver, can walk in open sunlight (hence the nickname "Daywalker" given by other vampires) and has enhanced strength and healing abilities just like other vampires, however he also has inherited the vampire's thirst for blood. Whistler developed a serum to curb Blade's cravings, but Blade's body is starting to resist it. Whistler also shares his own history: he was married with children and one night while they were all home, a vampire held Whistler and his family hostage. The vampire killed them all but left Whistler himself alive. Blade also confides in Karen that Whistler is suffering from the middle stages of cancer, but is refusing treatment in order to help in Blade's war against the vampires. Whistler also learns that his attempted cure of Karen was ineffective and that she is growing close to turning into a vampire. Karen refuses to give up, taking a few items from the hospital where she worked to try and find a cure for both her and Blade. The first item she brings (an anti-coagulant formula known as EDTA) is found to have a violent reaction when mixed with vampire blood, so she gives it to Blade for use as a weapon. Meanwhile, Quinn is at Frosts' headquarters, being berated for his second failure. Frost encourages Quinn to go back out and capture Blade alive. Quinn is confused by the order since his boss and all other vampires have been trying to kill Blade for a very long time. Afterward, Frost takes Mercury and his entourage of followers and abducts Dragonetti, taking him to a beach just before sunrise and forcibly ripping out the elder vampire's fangs. Frost's gang shields themselves with sunscreen, black clothing and motorcycle helmets, leaving Dragonetti to burn to death in the sun. Frost confronts the remaining elders of the Vampire Council, asking for 12 people to "volunteer" for his "La Magra" project. While Blade purchases more items for hunting, Whistler and Karen discuss her latest attempt at a cure. Karen is sure that the new formula will work on her, but is unsure what effects it might have on Blade since he was born with vampirism. The stronghold is attacked by Frost's followers and Karen is abducted while Whistler is brutally beaten by the vampires. Blade returns to find Whistler horribly injured and infected by the vampire bites. In an emotional scene, Blade assists Whistler in committing suicide before loading up to raid Frost's stronghold. Blade attacks the Frost compound and kills many of Frosts' followers, even trying the EDTA formula (which makes vampires swell up and explode in a shower of blood). Blade finally reaches the final room of Frost's hideout, where he is confronted by a lone woman who calls him "Eric." It is Blade's mother, reborn as a vampire to serve Frost. Frost ambushes Blade, taking him hostage while revealing that it was he himself who bit Blade's mother while she was pregnant. Blade and Karen are transported to another location, a temple where the ritual of La Magra can be performed. Despondent, Blade asks Karen if she has finished her "miracle cure." Karen says that the cure would presumably rob Blade of his strength and healing powers while neutralizing his thirst, effectively making Blade fully human. Karen and Blade are separated: Karen is dumped into a lower chamber where a berserker vampire has been kept. It is Curtis, who exists as a sort of mindless zombie. Karen battles with him briefly and manages to climb out of the pit. Blade and the 12 members of the Vampire Council are to be used as offerings for Frost's "La Magra" ritual. Blade is put into a large torture device, where most of his blood is extracted for the ritual. The 12 members of the Council are executed and their souls are absorbed by Frost, turning him into La Magra: the Blood God. Karen escapes using the mace previously given to her by Whistler, and frees Blade - now terribly weak. Knowing that there is only one way to get Blade healed in time, Karen requests that Blade feed on some of her blood. Blade resists at first, but finally seeing no other choice, bites Karen. Blade is revived, stronger than ever. Blade's mother suddenly appears and fights Blade, ultimately being stabbed in the heart with a bone. Blade fights his way through the remaining vampire guards, reclaiming his trademark sword and decapitating Quinn to reclaim his sunglasses. Blade then takes on the vampire guards in marital-arts fashion, defeating them all. Mercury attempts to kill Karen who opens fire with a shotgun containing silver buckshot, but Mercury is too fast and knocks the gun out of Karen's hands and easily bests her in hand-to-hand combat. Karen finally kills Mercury by using the garlic mace, spraying Mercury in her mouth just as she is about to bite Karen. Mercury's head explodes in a gory mass of blood and brains. Blade and Frost/La Magra fight, effectively clashing swords. Blade cuts off La Magra's arm and slices him in half, but the Blood God merely regenerates without any effort. La Magra taunts Blade, mentioning the "serum" that Blade is so dependent on. Blade realizes that La Magra is actually referring to the EDTA vials that Blade brought on the hunt. He grabs the packet of vials and throws every one into Frost, who swells up and explodes in a massive shower of blood. Karen and Blade exit the ruins. Blade finally declines the cure, deciding that even with Frost gone there are many other vampires out there and he needs the additional skills. Blade asks Karen to make him a more efficient serum, and she agrees. The movie ends with Blade resuming his hunt for vampires in a Russian-speaking country. 