nm0004923:

 Hairspray (1988)Summaries A 'pleasantly plump' teenager teaches 1962 Baltimore a thing or two about integration after landing a spot on a local TV dance show. 'Pleasantly Plump' teenager Tracy Turnblad achieves her dream of becoming a regular on the Corny Collins Dance Show. Now a teen hero, she starts using her fame to speak out for the causes she believes in, most of all integration. In doing so, she earns the wrath of the show's former star, Amber Von Tussle, as well as Amber's manipulative, pro-segregation parents. The rivalry comes to a head as Amber and Tracy vie for the title of Miss Auto Show 1963. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Naked Gun 2: The Smell of Fear (1991)541) Lieutenant Frank Drebin discovers that his ex-girlfriend's new beau is involved in a plot to kidnap a scientist who advocates solar energy. Lieutenant Frank Drebbin returns to save the day once again. This time he's out to foil the "big boys" in the energy business. A top scientist (Dr. Mainheimer) is about to publish his report on energy supply for the future. Things don't look good for the traditional suppliers; oil, coal, and nuclear. To save their industries, the suppliers kidnap Mainheimer and replace him with a decoy with a more favorable report. Jane, the doctor's secretary, is Drebin's old flame. Their passionate love affair is thus rekindled. Rob Hartill The hard-boiled, maladroit, and single police lieutenant, Frank Drebin, is back in action to right the wrongs, this time, in the renewable energy industry. With Dr Albert Meinheimer's program directly threatening all the major oil, coal, and nuclear companies, and with the beautiful Jane Spencer now in the arms of another man, Frank has his work cut out for him, as powerful enemies intend on replacing the clean-energy advocate with a cunning impersonator. Can Drebin, the grizzled eco-warrior, save the environment? Will Jane realise what she's missing? Nick Riganas Lieutenant Frank Drebin loves a mystery. Why are we here? Is there life after sex? Yes, Drebin tackles the big issues, and the biggest of all is how to stop devious Quentin Hapsburg's plan to destroy the environment. Returning are Jane, the woman who can melt a cheese sandwich from twenty paces, the intrepid Captain Ed Hocken, and the man so famous, a beverage was named after him, as hard-luck cop Nordberg. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lt. Frank Drebin (Leslie Nielsen) works now at the White House, taking care of the security of the President George Bush (Johan Roarke) and his wife (Margery Ross). Representatives from all energy sources are present at the dinner. As usual, Frank wrecks dinner and is implied that he sends Barbara Bush to hospital. Zsa Zsa Gabor (Zsa Zsa Gabor) slaps the bell which is following her. Frank ex-girlfriend Jane Spencer (Priscilla Presley) has a new lover, Dr Albert S. Meinheimer (Richard Griffiths). He's also his boss, because she wors as a PR representative. Norm (Christopher J. Keene) finds a bomb on the white paper basket. He shows it to other guards (Ken Kerman & Al Fann) who set the clock on time and the bomb goes off killing only the guards. Captain Ed Hocken (George Kennedy) investigates the case. Frank sees Jane and stares her in adoration. O.J. Simpson ... Nordberg Robert Goulet ... Quentin Hapsburg Richard Griffiths ... Dr. Albert S. Meinheimer / Earl Hacker Jacqueline Brookes ... Commissioner Anabell Brumford Anthony James ... Hector Savage Lloyd Bochner ... Terence Baggett Tim O'Connor ... Donald Fenswick Peter Mark Richman ... Arthur Dunwell Ed Williams ... Ted Olsen Peter Van Norden ... Chief of Staff John Sununu Gail Neely ... Winnie Mandela Colleen Fitzpatrick ... Blues Singer at Blue Note Club Sally Rosenblatt ... Mrs. Redmond Alexander Folk ... Crackhouse Cop Jose Gonzales-Gonzales ... Mariachi (as Jos Gonzles-Gonzles) Larry McCormick ... TV Reporter Cliff Bemis ... Barbecue Dad D.D. Howard ... Barbecue Mom William Woodson ... Hexagon Oil Commercial Announcer Mel Torm ... Himself - Party Guest Dancing with Jane Zsa Zsa Gabor ... Herself Bill Chemerka ... White House Announcer Tom McGreevey ... Waiter (as Thomas McGreevey) James Gilstrap ... Sam, Blue Note Club Pianist 'Weird Al' Yankovic ... Police Station Thug Gina Mastrogiacomo ... Monique De Carlo - Sex Shop Worker Jeff Wright ... Sex Shop Assistant C. Lindsay Workman ... Banquet Doorman Gokul ... Apartment Resident (as Datta V. Gokhale) John Stevens ... Banquet Butler Charlotte Zucker ... Banquet Lady Don Pugsley ... Warehouse Thug Carlos Betancourt ... Mariachi #2 Bernardo Mrquez ... Mariachi #3 Margarito Mendoza ... Mariachi #4 Lee Terri ... Wheelchair Assault Witness Claude Jay McLin ... Jock #1 Manny Perry ... Jock #2 Alex Zimmerman ... Jock #3 Raynor Scheine ... Explosion Thug #1 John Fleck ... Explosion Thug #2 Susan Breslau ... Banquet Woman #1 Leslie Maier ... Banquet Woman #2 Ron Rosenblatt ... Mr. Redmond Jennifer Segal ... Barbecue Daughter (as Jennifer Kretchmer) Ryan Harrison ... Barbecue Son David Zucker ... Davy Crockett Robert Weil ... George Russell Robert K. Weiss ... Obstetrician Robert LoCash ... FBI Agent Burton Zucker ... Lab Technician Lewis Friedman ... Lab Technician Bob Reitman ... Lab Technician Gene Mueller ... Lab Technician Gino Salomone ... Lab Technician Robert J. Elisberg ... McTigue, Police Sketch Artist Mindy Newborn ... Slave to the Composer Jan Campbell ... Lady in Waiting Wendy Hogan ... Lady in Waiting Nathaniel Bellamy Jr. ... Basketball Player (uncredited) Lisa Nunziella ... Dancer (uncredited) 
 Scary Movie 2 (2001)431) Four teens are tricked by Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) into visiting a haunted house for a school project. A group of teens including Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris) and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall) are invited to spend a night in Hell House. Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) has convinced them it is for a school project, but the night won't go past quietly. Master Kane (Richard Moll) is long dead, but still plans on enjoying himself, especially with Alex Monday (Tori Spelling). When things really start getting bad, the gang must work together to find a way to capture this ghostly menace. Film_Fan Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne) is possessed, and two Priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter), must drive the demon out, but the exorcism doesn't go as planned. A year later, survivors Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans), Shorty (Marlon Wayans), and Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), are at college, trying to forget the incidents that occurred last Halloween. Cindy is falling for Buddy (Christopher Masterson), who loves to give wedgies, and Ray is still confused about his sexuality. Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his paralyzed assistant, Dwight (David Cross), have decided to do a research study at Hell House, the house where the bad exorcism took place, and disguise it as a sleep disorder study. Chaos starts as soon as Cindy arrives and meets creepy caretaker Hanson (Chris Elliott), who has a strange hand. But the house has some deep dark secrets that the group has to solve, even if they are scary or disgusting. Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The sequel to Scary Movie begins with a parody of The Exorcist, in which Megan Voorhees (Natasha Lyonne), is possessed and two priests, Father McFeely (James Woods) and Father Harris (Andy Richter), must drive the demon out. The exorcism doesn't go as planned, and a chain of The Exorcist-like vomiting occurs. Megan insults McFeely's mother and he shoots her in the head. One year later, Cindy Campbell (Anna Faris), Brenda Meeks (Regina Hall), Ray Wilkins (Shawn Wayans) and Shorty Meeks (Marlon Wayans) are at college, trying to live new lives, after the events in the previous movie. (Although all of them died in Scary Movie, in a deleted scene, Brenda says her death was a near death experience, and Cindy was never officially declared dead.) Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a dorky girl, Alex Monday (Tori Spelling); Ray, who is still confused by his sexuality, has two new friends, Tommy (James DeBello) and Buddy (Christopher Masterson); while Shorty is still the same stoner he was in the last movie. The story begins when a college teacher, Professor Oldman (Tim Curry) and his wheelchair-bound assistant Dwight (David Cross) plan to study the paranormal activity at Hell House, with the clueless teens as bait and for Oldman to get action with the college girls. Newcomer Theo (Kathleen Robertson) also becomes part of the study group. When Cindy arrives at the Hell House, she meets a talking Amazon parrot who is vulgar and slanderous, and the caretaker, Hanson (Chris Elliott), who has great people skills and a genetically malformed little hand. After some weird incidents on that night (Cindy being beaten up by a cat, a toy clown attacking Ray after he had sex with Brenda, Shorty getting attacked and smoked by a weed-monster, and Alex having sex with a ghost and it "humps" her. The teens finally learn about the professor's plan and try to escape the mansion. The professor gets killed by a female ghost with disfigured features as the ghost of Hell House's owner, Hugo Kane, seals all exits of the manor to prevent the surviving occupants from escaping. Realizing that killing the ghost is the only way out, the teens are equipped with several technological devices by Dwight that serve to harass and injure the spectral enemy. They are pursued all throughout the mansion. Cindy is chased by an undead skeleton and Brenda rips his bones. Shorty meets the ghost who killed the professor but puts a paper bag on her face and has sex with her. Hanson gets possessed, and Cindy, Brenda and Theo parody Charlie's Angels to get him, but end up beaten up. Eventually, they use Cindy as bait to lure the Kane ghost to a device that ultimately destroys him. Two months later, taking care of the parrot though he despises her for talking too much, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship and go out on a walk until Buddy disappears without notice as she looks up to see Hanson serving at the hot dog stand. She screams "No!" while Hanson screams "Yes!". Hanson is instantly hit by a car driven by Shorty, who is receiving oral sex by the female ghost...with a bag over her head to hide her facial deformities. 
 Dracula 2000 (2000)321) A group of thieves breaks into a chamber expecting to find paintings, but instead they release the count himself, who travels to New Orleans to find his nemesis' daughter, Mary Van Helsing. In the millenium version of this classic Gothic horror we find Abraham Van Helsing (Plummer), who has tangled with Count Dracula (Butler) in the past, working as an English antiques dealer. Simon (Miller) is a vampire hunter in training under his apprenticeship. Van Helsing and Simon travel from London to New Orleans to rescue Van Helsing's daughter Mary (Waddell) from the family's life long nemesis - Dracula. Sujit R. Varma Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 1897 England: The schooner Demeter is nearing England. The crew is dead, and the captain is lashed to the wheel. Dracula has arrived. 2000 London: Matthew Van Helsing [Christopher Plummer], an aging collector of antiques, and his protegee Simon Sheppard [Jonny Lee Miller] are discussing the purchase of a medieval crossbow that Matthew means to add to his personal collection in the Carfax Museum. Among the artifacts on public display, Carfax Museum also houses a heavily-protected vault, and no one knows what it contains. It must be pretty valuable, though, so another employee, Solina [Jennifer Esposito], has arranged to break into the vault and steal whatever is in there. While Matthew sits in his office at the end of the day, Solina and her companions (Marcus, Trick, Nightshade, Dax, Charlie, and J.T) break the computer codes and make their way to the main vault, passing numerous vampire skulls and crosses along the way, only to find...a coffin. No one would think to look for treasure in a coffin, they reason, so this must be it. In searching for a way to open it,Eddie and Dax are impaled by spikes causing an alarm to go off in in Matthew's office. "It's not possible!" Matthew whispers to himself, arms himself with a gun that shoots silver bullets, and goes down to the vault to find that the coffin is gone, the thieves having removed it through a hole they've blasted in the vault's wall. "God help us all!" Matthew exclaims. When Simon comes into work the next day, he finds Matthew preparing to travel. But Matthew won't reveal where he is going, so Simon follows him...all the way to New Orleans. New Orleans: Mary Heller [Justine Waddell] is awakened by a dream in which a vampire is attacking her. Mary has been having this dream for all her life and finds them troubling enough that she is receiving counseling from her family friend, Father David [Nathan Fillion]. She thinks the dreams have to do with something that happened to her mother before she died, and she thinks Fr David might know what it is. But Fr David isn't talking. On the other hand, Mary's roommate, Lucy Westerman [Colleen Fitzpatrick] thinks that all Mary needs is a real man in her bed. But it's Mardi Gras, and Mary vows not to let it bother her. Meanwhile, the thieves are transporting the coffin on a cargo plane. Still trying to open it, Nightshade cuts himself. His blood is sucked into the coffin and the lid opens to reveal a body, a bunch of leeches, and a crucifix set with a ruby. As Nightshade searches the coffin for more treasure, Dracula [Gerard Butler] awakens. One by one, the thieves are drained of their blood, and the plane ultimately crashes in a swamp near New Orleans, the pilot lashed to his seat. While newscaster Valerie Sharpe [Jeri Ryan] is covering the crash, Dracula emerges from the swamp and makes her his second vampiress (Solina being first). Matthew and Simon go to the townhall where the bodies from the plane crash have been taken. By now, they're all vampires. Matthew and Simon manage to destroy some of them, but Solina and Marcus escape. As Matthew and Simon drive away, Matthew finally fills Simon in on what's happening. Stoker's Dracula is real, he says, and Matthew Van Helsing is really Abraham Van Helsing, kept alive by injections of Dracula's blood, which he has been filtering through leeches. Van Helsing has been keeping Dracula's body ever since he bested him in 1897. Unlike other vampires, who can be destroyed by piercing their hearts or cutting off their heads, Dracula cannot die, and Van Helsing intends to remain alive until such time as he can learn the secret to Dracula's origin and find the way to end him. So far, all he has managed to learn is that Dracula hates God and is repulsed by all things Christian. He also reveals that he (Van Helsing) has fathered a daughter, Mary Heller, and that Dracula has come to New Orleans to find her. The two decide to go looking for Mary, Van Helsing to her house and Simon to the Virgin Megastore where she and Lucy both work. Dracula is apparently following the same plan. He comes to Virgin looking for Mary, but Lucy tells him that she isn't there. Lucy takes Dracula home to wait for Mary. Dracula seduces Lucy and turns her into vampiress #3. When Simon arrives at Virgin, Mary has returned. Simon tries to tell her about her father. As they leave the shop, Simon is attacked by Marcus. "Never ever fuck with an antiques dealer," Simon warns Marcus just before beheading him. Meanwhile, Van Helsing arrives at Mary's house, only to find Dracula waiting for him. "You can't have her!" Van Helsing exclaims, but Dracula refuses to listen. "You stole life from my blood and passed it to another," he hisses. "She's MY Mary now." With that, Dracula kills Van Helsing by tossing him into a mirror. Mary goes home to find her father dead and the three vampiresses and Dracula awaiting her. She escapes into Simon's arms. Looking for a sacred place to spend the night, they go to a church. While in the parish library, they research Dracula's background, learning only what they already know about his despise of all things Christian--holy water, the cross, the Bible. Only his dislike of silver remains unexplained. Suddenly, Dracula appears. Mary flees into the church cemetery while Simon attempts to divert Dracula with an open Bible. Dracula *is* diverted...right into the cemetery where he explains to Mary, "I have walked the earth for centuries in search of a soul not bitten but born. Everything I am is yours, and all that you are is mine." Dracula takes Mary to the church roof where he reveals to her the secret of his long existence. He is Judas Iscariot, the disciple who sold out Christ to the Romans for 30 pieces of silver (hence, Dracula's dislike of silver). In atonement, Judas hung himself, but the rope broke and God scourged him with eternal life as a vampire. In a soliloquy in front of a lighted crucifix, Dracula cries out to God, "Now I drink the blood of *your* children. You made the world in your image. Now I make it in mine." Meanwhile, Simon sees the three vampiresses feasting on Mardi Gras revelers. He stakes Valerie, but the remaining two capture him. Dracula takes Mary to Simon and tells her to feed from him. "I'd like his head," Mary says while unsheathing a sword. Just as she prepares to swing the sword, Lucy cries out, "She's faking!" In the melee that follows, Mary beheads Lucy instead of Simon, Simon beheads Solina, and Dracula winds up hanging by his neck from the lighted crucifix...just as the sun comes up. Dracula bursts into flames. Mary vows to take over her father's job of keeping Dracula's ashes, lest Dracula find a way to return to life. [Original by bj_kuehl.] 