nm0005264:

 Hustle & Flow (2005)431) With help from his friends, a Memphis pimp in a mid-life crisis attempts to become a successful hip-hop emcee. Aspiring emcee DJay works the angles to get his first record made with help from assorted people in his Memphis 'hood. And when he hears that hip-hop superstar Skinny Black is heading to his area, he throws together a supreme hustle to grab Skinny's attention. IMDb Editors An aspiring emcee from the Dirty South who is trying to make it in the hip-hop world has to deal with many different types of people who try to bring him down, including strippers, his baby's mama, and all the things that try to keep a player down. This is probably his last chance to make it: he is approaching his 40s, and his life is looking downhill. Nick Ellis Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. DJay (Terrence Howard) is a streetwise hustler and Memphis pimp with a stable of 3 girls, Shug (Taraji Henson) who is pregnant and not working, Lexus (Paula Jai Parker) who works in a strip club, and Nola (Taryn Manning) who works out of DJay's old beat-up car in a back alley. Even with two girls working and DJay selling dirt-weed on the side, it is hard for them to make ends meet. The utility company is about to shut off their utilities, if they don't pay the bill. DJay feels that he has hit rock bottom, and he needs a change in his life. A bum trades him a Casio keyboard for some weed, and DJay takes it home. While playing the keys, DJay gets an inspiration to write rap music. He begins to write down his pimping style raps, his flow, in a little notebook while Nola is turning tricks. DJay runs into Key (Anthony Anderson), an old friend and sound engineer, who takes him to a church choir performance that reaches DJay's soul. DJay looks inside his soul and decides to get out of the business, and now he has a dream of becoming a rapper. DJay teams up with Key to make a demo song. Skinny Black (Ludacris) is a platinum selling rapper about to return to Memphis for the 4th of July. DJay believes he can hustle Skinny to hear his tape, and his dream will come true. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) ----------------------- A Memphis pimp attempts to launch a career as a rapper. 
 Logan (2017)541) In a future where mutants are nearly extinct, an elderly and weary Logan leads a quiet life. But when Laura, a mutant child pursued by scientists, comes to him for help, he must get her to safety. In 2029 the mutant population has shrunken significantly due to genetically modified plants designed to reduce mutant powers and the X-Men have disbanded. Logan, whose power to self-heal is dwindling, has surrendered himself to alcohol and now earns a living as a chauffeur. He takes care of the ailing old Professor X whom he keeps hidden away. One day, a female stranger asks Logan to drive a girl named Laura to the Canadian border. At first he refuses, but the Professor has been waiting for a long time for her to appear. Laura possesses an extraordinary fighting prowess and is in many ways like Wolverine. She is pursued by sinister figures working for a powerful corporation; this is because they made her, with Logan's DNA. A decrepit Logan is forced to ask himself if he can or even wants to put his remaining powers to good use. It would appear that in the near-future, the times in which they were able put the world to rights with razor sharp claws and telepathic powers are now over. In the not-so-distant 2029, the entire mutant race is almost obliterated, and Logan, the invincible bestial superhero once known as the Wolverine, finds himself getting old, and his incredible healing ability significantly weakened. As an incognito limo driver, Logan does his best to guard and keep out of sight a weary nonagenarian Professor Xavier; however, things will take an unexpected turn when a cryptic woman asks him to transport the young mutant girl, Laura. A better future lies past the Canadian borders for the unaccompanied teenager, but the government is unwilling to let go of its asset so easily. In the end, can the ageing Logan protect both himself and Laura? Nick Riganas In a dystopian 2029, no mutants have been born in 25 years. Logan's healing ability has weakened and he has physically aged. The Adamantium coating on his skeleton has begun to leach into his body, poisoning him. Hiding in plain sight, Logan spends his days working as a limo driver in El Paso, Texas. In an abandoned smelting plant in northern Mexico, he and mutant tracker Caliban care for 90-year-old Charles Xavier, Logan's mentor and founder of the X-Men. Charles, a telepath, has developed a form of dementia that causes him to have seizures unless controlled with medication. It is alluded that a seizure one year prior, releasing a destructive wave of his telepathic powers, had killed seven mutants, thus leaving the three (Logan, Charles, Caliban) as the last of the X-Men. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The theatrical release of Logan was preceded by the short film Deadpool: No Good Deed (2017) . Logan ( Hugh Jackman ), formerly the Wolverine, wakes up in the back of a limo, groggy and disheveled. It's the middle of the night. He stumbles out and finds a Mexican gang trying to steal the limo's wheels. Logan calmly attempts to intervene but one of the gang members blasts him with a shotgun. Standing up, Logan reveals his claws, an act that is evidently painful, but one doesn't extend all the way. He fights the gang, receiving his share of abuse as they beat him down, but manages to brutally maim and kill most of them before the rest run away. The year is 2029. Looking no older than 50, Logan has still aged to over 170 years and is no longer the same fighter he once was. His superhuman healing ability is failing and the adamantium in his body is slowly killing him. As a result, his body aches and he coughs up blood on occasion. Mutants are on the brink of extinction and no new ones have been born in 25 years. Logan now makes a living driving for a limo service in El Paso, Texas under his birth name, James Howlett. He also carries an adamantium bullet with him in case he ever decides to end it all. While he waits for a client at a funeral, he is approached by a woman named Gabriela Lopez ( Elizabeth Rodriguez ). She claims to know who he is and asks for his help, but Logan turns her away. Gabriela drives off as a young girl in the back seat stares at Logan. One morning a man enters Logan's limo, introducing himself as Donald Pierce ( Boyd Holbrook ). He appears to know much about Logan, saying he's aware of his unofficial participation in the killing of the gang members and alludes to Logan's side job as caretaker for one Charles Xavier just south of the border. Pierce says he knows Logan was contacted by a person of interest and claims that he only wants what Gabriela has; something she took from him. He hands Logan a card and tells him to call when he finds Gabriela again. The card reads that Donald is head of security at 'Alkali-Transigen', a biotechnological corporation. Logan drives off, furious. Logan heads into Mexico to an abandoned plant where he and the clairvoyant mutant Caliban ( Stephen Merchant ), an albino psychic, are taking care of Xavier ( Patrick Stewart ). Charles has been reduced to a shell of his former self, crippled and suffering from a degenerative brain disease which produces seizures. Thanks to his mutation, the seizures produce staggering psionic blasts which paralyze anyone within reach. Logan must administer a special serum to keep Xavier's episodes under control, though the doses often leave him confused and senile. Xavier has become broken since the loss of his school and fellow X-Men some time ago and says that Logan is just waiting for him to die. Logan argues with Caliban about obtaining enough medicine for Xavier. Caliban explains that it's hard caring for Xavier, especially when Logan won't communicate about his own needs which are more than evident to the albino. Logan storms off. Later he receives a notification for two passengers and drives to a motel. There, he comes across Gabriela again with the young girl whom Gabriela says is her 11 year old daughter, Laura ( Dafne Keen ). She offers Logan $50,000 to help them reach a place called 'Eden' in North Dakota en route to Canada before handing him an envelope with coordinates written on it and $20,000 inside. Logan reluctantly agrees and heads home to prepare. There, he tells Xavier that their dream of leaving and buying a boat may actually become reality. However, when he returns to the motel, he finds that Gabriela has been murdered and Laura is missing. Logan takes Gabriela's cell phone and finds she was in the process of sending him a text telling him to hurry as they've been found. Logan returns home, dejected, but is stunned to find that Laura has stowed away in the trunk of his limo. Xavier excitedly hosts the young girl and tries to convince Logan that she needs their help. However, Logan correctly predicts that she'll be found and, soon enough, Pierce comes knocking at their door. Logan claims Laura is not there and, when Pierce persists, Laura throws a pipe at his head, knocking him out. Logan tells Caliban to take Pierce out into the desert and leave him there. Caliban dresses heavily to protect his sensitive skin from the sun and carts Pierce's body away, but a squad of elites from Transigen, the Reavers, arrive. They pick up Pierce and capture Caliban. The Reavers return to the plant and two enter to retrieve Laura, who is calmly eating a bowl of cereal, while Logan and the others wait outside. They all hear commotion from inside, including screams and gunfire. Laura appears, throwing the head of one of the Reavers at Pierce's feet. She then steps forward, producing two adamantium claws from each of her hands and one from each foot and viciously attacks the Reavers. A stunned Logan finally helps her fight and flees the scene in the limo with Xavier and Laura in the backseat. Caliban is taken by the Reavers and tortured with sunlight in order to get him to use his powers to track the trio. Logan demands to know who Laura is and Xavier responds that she is very much like him. Logan looks through Gabriela's phone for clues and finds a video which reveals that she used to work for Transigen in the genetics department. However, the phone dies before the video can finish. They stop at a convenience store to stock up on supplies. The clerk ( Dave Davis ) attempts to stop Laura from shoplifting some chips and sunglasses but she easily flips him over and nearly claws him before Logan intervenes, saying "Not okay". He then takes a phone charger and cigar and leaves. That night, as the phone charges, Logan watches the rest of Gabriela's video. She had documented her role as a nurse in the genetic experimentation of new mutant children, led by Dr. Zander Rice ( Richard E. Grant ), with the intention of turning them into super soldiers. Using DNA from known mutants, most of whom were deceased, the children were conceived and born to anonymous mothers who would not be missed. The children, including Laura, were dubbed X-23 and raised under harsh conditions. Simple pleasures, such as birthdays, were frowned upon. The experiment was deemed a failure due to the fact that the children sustained too much emotion and often refused to follow orders. With the introduction of X-24, it was decided the children would be terminated. Rather than see them killed, Gabriela helped orchestrate an escape and the location of Eden was designated as a safe point so the children could live free in Canada. In the video's final moments, Gabriela admits that she is not Laura's mother but loves her all the same. Addressing Logan, she apologizes for lying about the total fee that she would pay him but hopes that, as her biological father, he will keep her safe. The trio enter Oklahoma City and take residence in a hotel where Logan discovers that Laura has been reading an X-Men comic book. He finds that the coordinates to Eden are included in the book and is convinced that the whole trip is a charade. Angry, he confronts Laura to Xavier's disdain and tells her the X-Men stories she's been reading are fantasized and that Eden does not exist. Logan leaves Xavier and Laura in their room and goes downstairs where he sees that the Reavers have followed them. Suddenly, everyone becomes paralyzed and Logan realizes Xavier is suffering another seizure. Having ever been the only one able to partially resist the effects, Logan struggles to make it back to the room where some of the Reavers have already found Laura and Xavier. Logan kills them all before injecting Xavier with his serum, ending the paralysis, and the three escape in a new vehicle. On the road, a report goes over the incident in Oklahoma City and relates the similarity to an event that occurred in Westchester one year prior, but Logan turns off the radio. They are nearly run off the road by a robotic freight truck and swerve to avoid a pickup hauling a trailer full of horses. Xavier convinces Logan to help and uses his telepathic powers to bring the horses back. The driver introduces himself as Will Munson ( Eriq La Salle ) accompanied by his wife Kathryn ( Elise Neal ) and son Nate ( Quincy Fouse ). Logan then helps push their pickup out of a ditch. Kathryn offers Logan and his 'family' to have dinner with them which Xavier happily accepts. Logan is eager to leave immediately after dinner but Kathryn offers them to spend the night as it's late. Logan only agrees for Xavier's sake and carries him upstairs to bed. Seeing that their water supply has been tampered with, Will goes out to investigate and Logan tags along. They find and fix the obvious leak at the pump some distance away and are confronted by a group of thugs led by a man who owns the land. He harasses Will, saying he's been skimping on payments, but Logan hits one of the thugs in the face with his own rifle and breaks it over his knee, scaring them off. Back at the house, Xavier lies in bed and senses Logan entering the room. He tearfully pleads with him to be patient with Laura, asleep on the floor beside him, and expresses regret and remorse over what happened a year ago. It is implied that Xavier suffered a massive seizure at his school in Westchester which resulted in the deaths of most of the X-Men. He apologizes but Logan pushes his claws through Xavier's chest. Laura attacks in Charles' defense. The attacker turns out to be a mindless and merciless clone of Logan, the X-24. The mutant abducts Laura and slaughters Nate and Kathryn. Upon returning, Will is struck down by the X-24 and Logan rushes upstairs to get Xavier who is just barely alive. Logan consoles him, "It wasn't me", as he carries him downstairs. Outside, the Reavers wait with Pierce and Dr. Rice. Caliban is confined in a surveillance van. The thugs who abused Will before arrive at the house in retaliation for their earlier humiliation but X-24 kills them all. Logan sets Xavier down in the bed of a pickup truck. Charles utters the name of their boat and dies. Bereaved, Logan engages X-24 in a furious fight. Meanwhile, Caliban fights back against his captors and sets off two grenades, muttering the phrase his mother once told him: "Beware the light." The van explodes and Pierce is thrown out while Rice escapes. Logan is nearly overpowered by the X-24 until Will rams into the mutant with his truck, pinning him against some farm equipment. Will repeatedly shoots X-24 with a shotgun and then turns the gun on Logan. The gun is out of shots and Will collapses, dead. Logan retrieves Laura and takes her with Xavier's body and drives away. The following morning, Dr. Rice and his crew take care of the scene and inject X-24 with an agent to help him heal. Logan buries Charles in an unmarked grave in the woods while Laura watches. Afterwards, he goes back to their truck and begins smashing it in fury before passing out. Later, Logan wakes up in a clinic. The doctor ( James Handy ) tells Logan he knows he's a mutant and says he wants to help him, aware that the adamantium in his body is killing him. Logan refuses and leaves with Laura. He begrudgingly thanks her and she finally speaks by responding 'you're welcome' in Spanish. Logan is perplexed as to why she never spoke before, but Laura begins rattling in Spanish the names of her friends from Transigen. She tells Logan they must meet up with them in Eden and presses him with such persistence that Logan finally concedes, but only to prove Eden doesn't exist. The two just barely make it and Logan is drained to the point of unconsciousness, so much that Laura had to drive the remaining miles there. At a cliff, a lift is dropped for Logan so they can ascend and he and Laura are finally able to rest along with the remaining children led by Rictor ( Jason Genao ). The kids prank Logan by shaving his beard in his sleep to more closely resemble how he looked in his youth, but Logan is not amused. Rictor gives Logan a serum that was used on them in Transigen to help him re-energize and heal, but he warns Logan not to use it all at once. Logan then tells Laura that he's done his job in delivering her to Eden and emotionally explains that everyone he cares about dies and it's better he leaves. Laura bitterly responds that she should be fine, then. In the morning, the children are gone and Logan is about to leave when he sees that the Reavers have caught up to them, tracking the children. Logan runs to intercept them as the Reavers pick off the children one by one. Despite using their powers, the children are outnumbered. Injecting all of the healing agent at once, Logan kills most of the Reavers and confronts Dr. Rice who has rounded up the children and is holding them at gunpoint. Rice reveals that he is actually the son of the man killed by Wolverine when he escaped the Weapon X project. Rice admits responsibility for the extinction of mutants thanks to a virus developed by Transigen that was seeped into food supplies. Before he can continue, Logan shoots him dead in a desperate move and goes after Pierce. However, X-24 is released and Logan fights his clone once more. Seeing that Pierce is in complete control of X-24, the children gang up on him and use their collective powers (electrocution, freezing, plant manipulation, etc.) to kill him. As the healing agent in Logan's body wears off, he becomes overpowered by his younger clone until X-24 finally impales Logan on a dead tree limb. Laura then uses the adamantium bullet Logan carried with him to shoot X-24 in the head, obliterating it. She runs to Logan and cuts him down from the tree, but Logan's wounds aren't healing. Logan tearfully tells Laura to run with the others; they're free. She cries, calling him 'Daddy' and Logan responds, "So...this is what it feels like" before he dies. The children bury Logan and raise a cross at the head of the grave as Laura recites from a Western, the movie Shane (1953) , that she and Xavier watched in the Oklahoma hotel: "A man has to be what he is, Joey. Can't break the mold. There's no living with the killing. There's no going back. Right or wrong, it's a brand. A brand that sticks. Now you run on home to your mother... you tell her everything's alright. There are no more guns in the valley." The children then leave, their future uncertain but free. Laura takes the cross on Logan's grave and tilts it sideways, to look like an X. 
 Scream 2 (1997)651) Two years after the first series of murders, as Sidney acclimates to college life, someone donning the Ghostface costume begins a new string of killings. Two years after the events of Scream, Sidney Prescott and Randy are attending Windsor college. They are trying to get on with their lives...Until a new Ghostface killing spree begins. With the help of Dewey and Gale, Sidney must find out who's behind the murders. As the body count goes up, the list of suspects goes down. It has been two years since the tragic events at Woodsboro. Sidney Prescott and Randy Meeks are trying to get on with their lives, and are currently both students at Windsor College. Cotton Weary is out of prison, and is trying to cash in on his unfortunate incarceration. Gale Weathers has written a bestseller, "The Woodsboro Murders," which has been turned into the film, "Stab," starring Tori Spelling as Sidney. As the film's play date approaches, the cycle of death begins anew. Dewey Riley immediately flies out of Woodsboro to try to protect Sidney, his "surrogate sister." But in this sequel to the 1996 horror film, the number of suspects only goes down as the body count slowly goes up! Phil Fernando Two years after the terrifying events that occurred in Woodsboro, Sidney is now attending Windsor College in Cincinnati with long time friend Randy. Meanwhile, Gale Weathers best selling book on Sidney's life has now been made into a major motion picture. When two college students are killed in a theatre while watching the new film "Stab," Sidney knows deep down that history is for sure repeating itself again. Gale Weathers is present around the college reporting on the latest gruesome details that her movie has sparked. Dewey comes to visit Sidney after he hears the news also. No one believes the murders were in any way connected to Woodsboro, until more students around the campus are found dead. Gale and Dewey investigate and find that someone is trying to recreate Woodsboro. Sidney is no rookie when it comes to surviving a killer but someone wiser is on campus to show her some good old fashion revenge. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Sidney Prescott relocates to Winsdor College, trying to forget what happen in Woodsboro, only to find that another psychopathic killer wants her dead. They also make the Woodsboro events into a motion picture, "Stab", based on the Gale Weathers book. Joseph Elm <Riotplaya@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sidney Prescott and Randy Meeks (Jamie Kennedy) attend Windsor College in Ohio. While attending the preview of Stab, based on a book by Gale Weathers (Courteney Cox) about the Woodsboro murders, Phil Stevens (Omar Epps) is stabbed through the wall of a bathroom cubicle. The killer sits next to Maureen Evans (Jada Pinkett), and she assumes the killer is her boyfriend wearing a mask. During the Casey Becker death scene the crowd goes wild. Taking advantage of this, the killer stabs Maureen. Since many of the movie-goers are wearing the killer's costume (as publicity material provided by the movie studio) and carrying fake knives, nobody takes Maureen's attack seriously. As the crowd realizes she's not faking, she dies. Sidney and other Woodsboro survivor Randy Meeks soon realize that a killer is on the loose again. Meanwhile, Deputy Dewey (David Arquette) arrives on the campus to once again protect Sidney, and she and Dewey have an unwelcome reunion with Gale Weathers. The killer attempts to stab Sidney while setting up a copycat ploy. Alone in her sorority house, Casey "Cici" Cooper (Sarah Michelle Gellar) is threatened over the phone before the killer attacks her. After the police discover the body, the students at the nearby martini mixer go to investigate, leaving Sidney and her boyfriend Derek at the Delta Lambda Zeta house. The killer attacks Sidney, but Derek helps her escape. At the police station, Gale and Dewey notice that the names of the victims seem to loosely match the victims from The Woodsboro Murders. The police chief assigns two detectives to protect Sidney. The group is outside amongst dozens of college students when the killer telephones and taunts them. Gale and Dewey search the students in the area who have cell phones, trying to discover the killer. Randy is also looking around while talking to the killer on the phone, hoping to stall them. While he is outside a van, Randy is pulled inside and killed. His body is discovered by Gale and Dewey. Gale and Dewey visit a lecture room to watch the video footage they have been taking, to perhaps gain a glimpse of the killer. Gale then notices another TV screen playing footage that her cameraman had not taken. The perspective of the video is that of the Killer; showing clips of Cici in the porch and Randy in the park. Finally, it shows the backs of Dewey and Gale as they watch the video. They turn around and notice Ghostface in the projector room and Dewey gives chase. Gale is then cornered in the sound-system room, but manages to hide in the recording compartment. Dewey enters and attempts to get Gale's attention through the soundproof glass, however he is stabbed a couple of times and Gale notices in horror as he slides down the glass, with Ghostface standing behind him. Gale then manages to bar the door from the killer with a fallen shelf and the killer disappears. The detectives protecting Sidney are attacked while their vehicle is stopped at a traffic light. The killer crashes the car, killing the detectives and knocking the killer unconscious. Sidney and her roommate, Hallie, narrowly escape the wreckage of the car by squeezing past the unconscious killer in the front seat. Sidney decides to remove the killer's mask, but finds the killer gone. She turns around only to see Hallie being stabbed. Sidney runs to the school theater and is confronted by the killer. The killer reveals himself to be Mickey, her new boyfriend's best friend. Sidney finds Derek tied to a stage prop, and Mickey shoots Derek in the chest. Mickey also has a partner: Sidney turns around to see Gale coming out of the stage door, leading her to believe that Gale is the killer. Gale shakes her head "no" and Debbie Salt comes out, holding the other cop's gun. Sidney recognizes her as Mrs. Loomis, the mother of Sidney's previous boyfriend Billy. Mickey reveals that it was his plan to be caught for the murders so that he would become famous, immortalized by the media. He wanted to blame the killings on horror movies; the "effects of cinema violence in society." He met Mrs. Loomis on a "psycho website" and she agreed to fund his college tuition in return for his part in the killings. She also helped Mickey place calls to the victims. Mrs. Loomis' motive for killing Sidney and her friends was revenge for Sidney killing her son. Sidney points out that if Mrs. Loomis had not abandoned Billy then he and Stu Macher would not have started their killing spree. Mrs. Loomis shoots Mickey, removing him as a potential threat and stating that his legal defense was absurd. As Mickey is shot he shoots Gale, causing her to fall off the stage. Sidney is cornered by Mrs. Loomis and tricks her into believing Mickey is alive; when Mrs. Loomis is distracted, Sidney hits her with a prop jar. Sidney barricades herself backstage and causes the front of the stage to collapse on Mrs. Loomis. Mrs. Loomis survives and gets Sidney in an armlock, but then Cotton, the man Sidney had blamed for killing her mother arrives and takes Mickey's gun. Mrs. Loomis tries to convince Cotton to let her kill Sidney, but Cotton shoots Mrs. Loomis. Sidney and Cotton discover that Gale is wounded but alive, and help her. Mickey jumps up, and Gale and Sidney shoot him. Sidney turns around and shoots Mrs. Loomis in the head "just in case". It is revealed that Dewey survived his stabbing. He and Gale take an ambulance to the hospital. It turns out that Dewey's scar tissue from previously being stabbed in the back prevented this stabbing from being fatal. At the hospital, the news team arrives and tries to get a story on Sidney. Despite Sidney being the heroine, she tells them Cotton is the man to interview. The news team goes to him, after Cotton tells them there is a "time a place and a price" for an interview, he says, "it'll make one hell of a movie." Sidney walks off the campus, having survived the murders. 
 Money Talks (1997)321) Sought by police and criminals, a small-time huckster makes a deal with a TV newsman for protection. Chris Tucker is a small time con man who instantly becomes famous after a murder, wanted dead or alive, his only hope is a journalist named James Russell (Sheen). Jerome Hotman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Los Angeles, Franklin Hatchett ( Chris Tucker ) drives down the street singing along to the songs on the radio in his car. After a meeting with a friend, he heads to the car wash that he works at. Also at the car wash is local reporter James Russell ( Charlie Sheen ), who is doing a report on inner city crime. He notes Franklin's habits of conning and illegally buying and selling things, and unsuccessfully tries to interview him in order to get him to confess on camera. Angered at being blown off by him, Russell calls the police, who come arrest Hatchett. Hatchett is held in jail, and eventually loaded onto a prisoner transport bus along with several other criminals. Hatchett and another criminal, Raymond Villard ( Grard Ismal ), do not get along, but are handcuffed together. Meanwhile, Russell presents the video of the police arresting Hatchett to his boss, hoping it'll be big news, but his boss dislikes it and fires him after they argue. The bus is attacked on a bridge during the transport by a group of commandos, aided by one of the bus drivers, all of whom are there to spring Villard. They blow up the bus and shoot everyone inside, and recover Villard, and Hatchett goes with them, as he's cuffed to Villard. The corrupt bus driver, actually a criminal named Dubray ( Frank Bruynbroek ) greets Villard once on board their helicopter after the escape. He cuts the pair free of each other by breaking the handcuffs, and Hatchett hears them discussing a large amount of stolen diamonds hidden in the dashboard of car. The two prepare to kill him, waiting until they get over land to drop him, but he jumps out of the copter, and falls into the water below as they shoot at him. They fly away, but Hatchett surfaces, and gets onto land. Hatchett enters a diner and orders food, but two cops come in and sit down, scaring him. He keeps calm until pictures of himself and Villard are shown on TV during a broadcast about the bus escape, in which Hatchett has been falsely linked to Villard and the cop killings he and his men committed. The cops quickly connect him to the pictures on TV. He gets up and dives behind the bar just as they pull out their guns, and they open fire. He manages to get outside, and they chase him, but he loses them amid the traffic. Seeing Russell's face on an advertisement on the back of a bus, Hatchett resolves to contact him. The two meet at a dock, and after an initially hostile confrontation, Russell convinces Hatchett to stay with him, saying he'll prove his innocence of the murders. The two then go to his home, and Russell calls his boss and tells him that he has Hatchett, and his boss gives him his job back so that he can publish the story in time for Sweeps week. After Hatchett cleans himself up, the two attend Russell's wedding rehearsal dinner, where he meets Russell's fiancee Grace Cipriano ( Heather Locklear ), and her parents, Guy ( Paul Sorvino ) and Connie ( Veronica Cartwright ). Hatchett pretends to be the son of famous singer Vic Damone , and endears himself to Guy. Meanwhile, two police officers, Bobby Pickett ( Paul Gleason ) and Detective Williams ( Daniel Roebuck ), interrogate Hatchett's girlfriend Paula ( Elise Neal ), and wiretap her phone. Hatchett calls Paula during the rehearsal, who is furious, and he says he'll come see her. He quickly learns this is out of the question when he tries to leave, as he sees police cars driving around searching for him. He convinces Russell to help him, and the two set out to look for proof of Franklin's innocence. They head to Paula's home, where Hatchett consoles her and convinces her that he's not involved in the killings reported on the news. He and Russell are forced to flee when Pickett and Williams show up after hearing Hatchett and Paula's phone conversation, and the cops chase Hatchett and Russell across several rooftops, though the pair manages to escape. The two then head to a European nightclub which Russell claims he can get them into, since Hatchett believes the culprits behind the murders are there. They're denied access, but Hatchett calls the club and claims there's a bomb inside, causing a large panic, and all the patrons flee the club. Villard and Dubray drive out from around the alley next to the club, and open fire on the pair. They flee down the street, avoiding gunfire, as the two criminals keep up in their car, and they hide in a small shop. The criminals enter the shop, and one of them violently guns down the shopkeeper, who was woken up by the commotion. When they don't find Hatchett and Russell, they leave. The two then visit Hatchett's childhood friend Aaron ( Michael Wright ), who is a local arms dealer. He gives the two several guns to carry with them, promising to help them if they get into trouble. The next morning, the two visit the Cipriano home, where Russell smooths things over with Grace, who saw his picture on TV as a suspect, along with Hatchett, both now wanted for murder since the police know Russell is aiding Hatchett. Hatchett eats breakfast with Guy, and Guy shows him the expensive watches he's buying for Russell and Grace as wedding presents. Hatchett convinces him to buy the couple a car as a wedding gift, and the two go to an auto expo where Hatchett plans to search for the cache of diamonds he heard Villard and Dubray discussing earlier. Guy and Franklin get into a bidding war with Villard, Dubray, and the other Europeans over a car, and Franklin calls the police, telling them that the Europeans are at the expo. Russell arrives and finds him, and the two begin to argue about Hatchett's actions, which results in a fist fight. Hatchett beats Russell, and goes into the garage where the cars are stored. He finds the diamonds inside one of the car dashboards, but Dubray finds him, and the two engage in a lengthy car chase which ends when Dubray is caught in a large pileup of civilian cars on a street. Back at the expo, Villard finds Russell and kidnaps him. Franklin meets Paula at a restaurant, and he shows her the diamonds. He explains what happened and the two try to decide what to do. He then receives a call from Villard on Russell's phone, who tells him that they have Russell and that they'll kill him if the diamonds aren't returned. Franklin agrees to meet them at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum. He also calls the police, a local mob boss whom he owes money to, and French mercenaries, and they all agree to meet him at the coliseum as well. Once there, Franklin finds officers Pickett and Williams, but Pickett shoots Williams, revealing himself as a dirty cop employed by Villard. Franklin knocks him out and escapes, but the other parties arrive, and a massive shootout ensues. During the chaos, Russell frees himself, planting several grenades under Villard's helicopter, and he and Franklin meet up. The police detectives and the crew of mobsters are all wiped out, but Aaron shows up with some of his men, and they even the odds, using RPGs against Villard's men, and Dubray is also killed. Franklin and Russell are then cornered by the rest of Villard's men, but Franklin throws the diamonds into the air and they scatter all around, causing the me to drop their weapons and try to grab them. The police arrive, and Villard tries to escape in his helicopter, but the grenades detonate, and he's killed in the explosion. In the end, Franklin and Russell are cleared of all charges, and Russell marries Grace, with Franklin as his best man, and Franklin gives Russell the ring, with a diamond on it, and Russell realizes that Franklin said an unknown number of the diamonds. 