nm0008081:

 Fantme avec chauffeur (1996)Summaries A chauffeur for a corrupt CEO, and a few hours later, his boss himself, are killed by the industrialist's associate. But their ghosts remain on Earth, and they try to tell the millionaire's teenage son the identity of the killer. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Taxi 3 (2003)Summaries Out to stop a new gang disguised as Santa Claus, Emilien and Daniel must also handle major changes in their personal relationships. A gang of thieves calling themselves the Santa Claus Gang are wreaking havoc, and the police can't keep up. Police Captain Gilbert is distracted by a Chinese reporter writing a story on his squad, detective Emilien's wife has just announced that she's pregnant, and taxi driver Daniel is in the midst of a relationship crisis. After a string of mistakes in which the thieves outsmart the police time and time again with a reporter there to record it all, Daniel and his super-taxi pitch in. lcheala@imdb.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Roselyne and the Lions (1989)Summaries Thierry (Grard Sandoz) drops out of school to apprentice as a lion tamer at the zoo when he meets Roselyne (Isabelle Pasco), who shares his passion. They fall in love and when he loses his job, the young lovers journey across France finding odd jobs at several circuses. In Germany, they fall under the tutelage of aging big cat trainer, Klint (Gunter Meisner), and while they are closer to realizing their dreams, they find that their success drives them apart. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thirst for Gold (1993)Summaries Some people will do anything for money, and even more - for gold. Urbain and his grandmother are stingy. They buy gold with all their money, and hide it inside the bricks of a wall at their country house. Jackes, his chauffer, and his lover (who casualy is the Urbain's wife) don't know this fact and think they have the money hidden somewhere. When Urbain and his grandmother decide to transport the gold (with the house!) to Switzerland, in order to pay less tax, a crazy chase begins. Michel Rudoy <mdrc@hp9000a1.uam.mx> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 