nm0007876:

 Deadly Advice (1994)Summaries Advised by the ghosts of five notable British killers, small town librarian Jodie sets out to murder her domineering mother, Iris, and anyone else who stands in her way to happiness. Mother Iris Greenwood (Brenda Fricker) rules the house with an iron hand and has such power over her daughters that they see themselves as becoming old, unmarried maids. Jodie (Jane Horrocks) has feelings for the local doctor, a man much older than her, for which her mother strongly disapproves. Beth (Imelda Staunton) finds a relationship with a male stripper in Bristol, but sees nothing in the future with Mother around. While both girls would like to be rid of Mother, nothing happens until Jodie sees images of H.R. Armstrong (Edward Woodward), the man who put the town on the map by dispatching his un-loving wife. Tony Fontana <tony.fontana@spacebbs.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alive and Kicking (1996)Summaries A passionately committed young dancer is forced to re-examine his career and life when faced with death, finding hope through an older man who becomes his lover, mentor and companion. Film Four It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Switch (2001 )Summaries Switch is a British signed soap opera, following the lives of many deaf people. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alleyn Mysteries (19901994)Summaries Drawing on her love of theatre and art, New Zealand author Ngaio Marsh created elegant crime-puzzlers full of quirky characters with hidden agendas, all brought meticulously to life in this BBC series. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 