nm0001231:

 In the Name of the King: A Dungeon Siege Tale (2007)321) A man named Farmer sets out to rescue his kidnapped wife and avenge the death of his son, two acts committed by the Krugs, a race of animal-warriors who are controlled by the evil Gallian. Set in the kingdom of Ehb, the story follows Farmer ( Jason Statham ), who was adopted by his village. When Farmer's wife, Solana ( Claire Forlani ), and his son leave to sell vegetables at the town of Stonebridge, Farmer's farm is attacked by creatures called Krugs. With the help of his friend and neighbor Norrick ( Ron Perlman ), he travels to Stonebridge where his wife and son are. Before he arrives, the Krugs, controlled by the wizard Gallian ( Ray Liotta ), kill his son and capture his wife. Farmer, with the help of Bastian ( Will Sanderson ), his brother-in-law, and Norrick sets out to find and rescue his wife. The King's nephew Fallow ( Matthew Lillard ) is conspiring with the wizard Gallian to take over the kingdom led by King Konreid ('Burt Reynolds'). btphelps and others Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the kingdom of Ehb, the story follows a man called 'the Farmer' (Jason Statham), an orphan who was adopted by a small village. When Farmer's wife, Solana (Claire Forlani), and his son, Zeph (Colin Ford) leave to sell vegetables at the town of Stonebridge, his farm is attacked by creatures called Krug. With the help of his friend and mentor, Norrick (Ron Perlman), he fights off the Krug and travels to Stonebridge. The Krug, controlled by the wizard Gallian (Ray Liotta), attack Stonebridge as well. Although Farmer fights them, he is unable to save his son Zeph and Solana's parents. Meanwhile, the wizard Gallian feeds incubus-like on Merick's daughter Muriella (Leelee Sobieski) and taps into her magical bloodline. This gives him the power to amass and control an army of Krug to overthrow King Konreid. The King's nephew, Duke Fallow (Matthew Lillard), a good for nothing rou, has let Gallian into the castle to conspire against the King. He asks Gallian about their plan, who in turn ask him what he knows of the man called Farmer. The King's Magus, Merick (John Rhys-Davies), detects that there is something special about Farmer when King Konreid (Burt Reynolds) and his entourage arrive to comfort Stonebridge. Merick ask Norrick if they have met before. It seem that Merick comes to know something special about Farmer. He meets Farmer and tells him that the King needs him more than he realize, who refuses to acknowledge his request and leaves to find and rescue his wife, who has been captured, accompanied by Norrick and Bastian (Will Sanderson), his brother-in-law. When the King returns to his castle, he finds Fallow playing around wearing his crown, sitting on the throne. Fallow impatiently orders Gallian to accelerate their plan. Gallian goes to Muriella's chamber to be with her where she shows her disapproval for him entering her chambers as and when it pleases him, without her wish. She tells him to leave when he ridicules her father. Fallow tries to appease the King while having dinner with him. Farmer along with his two friends are passing through a seemingly dangerous Sedrick forest which Norrick disapproves as there has been stories about the presence of 'things' in there. Some forest Nymphs hangs them upside down and their leader, Elora (Kristanna Loken) tells them to leave the forest and never return again. Through Duke Fallow, Gallian had already poisoned the King when Muriella requests the King that she wishes to help as she can feel something wrong. Just then the King faints due of the poison. Meanwhile, Fallow meets Gallian and it seem that he too had been accidentally poisoned while dining with the King. Gallian gives him an antidote after reminding him who has the real power. General Hallette (Ron Selmour) informs Commander Tarish, who in turn tells Merick that Fallow has fled the castle taking two-third of the Army and other guards with him. Merick figures that Fallow has actually poisoned the King and suspects Gallian's hand in it. Merick confronts Muriella about her involvement with Gallian and tells her what wrong she has done. She apologizes whole heartedly. Elora helps Farmer, Norrick and Basbian to find their way out of the forest as they tell her that they are lost. She leaves as they reach across the forest where Krugs are there. The healed King is informed by Merick about Fallow's treachery. Farmer, Norrick and Bastian infiltrates the captive's camp to find Solana. Just when Farmer finds her, they are taken captives by the Kurbs. The next morning, the healed King, and the Army leaves the castle to battle with Krugs. Through a Krug, Gallian ask Farmer about his identity as he sees danger in him. He is about to hang Farmer, but he manages to kills the Krug. Norrick and Bastian are also taken captive in the same cage as Solana, where Bastian informs her about their parents and her son. Norrick consoles Solana telling her that Farmer will come to her rescue as he must and he needs her. Merick who has felt that Farmer is in danger, finds and rescues him from the ropes. Muriella feels guilty of breaking her father's trust and wishes to commit suicide, but her handmaiden, Talwyn (Tania Saulnier) reminds her of her father's love for her and Muriella leaves the castle, determined to prove herself worthy of her father's trust and love. When Merick brings the injured Farmer to the King's camp, a surprised Tarish ask him why was a dirt-lover (Farmer) of such importance. Merick tells him that Farmer is of special interest for the King who too isn't aware of that. He commands Farmer to be taken to the King's tent, where he reveals to both King and Farmer of Farmer's real identity. Farmer refuses to believe it saying that he had no parents and leaves the tent. The King asks Merick angrily that how can it be as he told him 30 years ago that his 3 year old son had been dead in a massacre. Merick says that what the gods do is for good, because if the little boy had been in the castle, he could have been killed by King's enemies. Farmer grew safe and strong in Stonebridge though. The next morning, Merick makes Farmer understand that the King and the kingdom needs him. In the forest, Tarish tells the soldiers that whosoever is with Fallow will be considered as traitor, while Fallow accuses him back for poisoning the King. He is then surprised to see the King with Tarish, who tells him that he can never be a king. General Backler (Mike Dopud), with 11th and 12th Legion of soldiers then join the King. Tarish, who is still unknown of Farmer's real identity and is skeptical of him, tells Farmer that he will keep an eye on him. The big climatic battle between King's army and Krugs begins. Muriella who seeks to join the King in the battle, is pursued by a Krug. Tarish develops faith in Farmer during the battle. Fallow shoots the King to death and runs away from the battlefield. The battle is ends when the King's men manage to kill all the Krugs on the battlefield. Fallow, who is returning to the castle, hoping to finally become King, is then attacked by the Forest Nymphs, Elora and Muriella, who take him back to the battlefield. Meanwhile, Norrick, Basbain and Solana are taken to Gallain's den where they are supposed to become slaves. Norrick who refuses to be a slave, dies courageously fighting with the Krugs, while Basbain and Solana try to flee but are recaptured. At the camp, the King appreciates Farmer's courage. The King realizes that he is indeed his lost son when Farmer quotes a line that King used to tell his son every night. Just before dying, he accepts him as his son and tells him to take up the kingdom after him. At the battlefield, Fallow is forced to fight Commander Tarish. He is about to be slain when someone yells that King is dead. Fallow, who by rule is now the new King, is happy as Tarish, bound by honor, can't kill the King. Merick then announces that the King is dead, and that Farmer is Camden Konreid, the king's long lost son. Farmer is then declared the new King of Ehb. Gallian finds out about Farmer being the new King through one of his Krugs. He also realizes that he has Farmer's wife in his captive. When she ask him how he knows she is Farmer's wife, he tells her that he can feel him in her as she is carrying his son, i.e., she is pregnant with Farmer's child. Farmer leads a small team, including himself, Muriella, Elora and Merick, to rescue his pregnant wife from Gallian. Merick dies to distract Gallian so that Farmer can sneak in with the help of Elora. While the forest Nymphs join the army to fights against the Krugs, Bastian tries to stage a breakout. Muriella becomes the new Magus and together Muriella and Farmer fight Gallian until Solana stabs him with a sword and Farmer cuts his throat off. As soon as Gallian is killed, Krubs retreats themselves. Farmer finally confesses his love for Solana verbally which he had never done before. 
 The Rock (1996)761) A mild-mannered chemist and an ex-con must lead the counterstrike when a rogue group of military men, led by a renegade general, threaten a nerve gas attack from Alcatraz against San Francisco. Stanley Goodspeed, who lives in Washington, D.C., is a biochemist who works for the F.B.I. Soon after his fiance Carla Pestalozzi announces that she is pregnant, Stanley gets a call from F.B.I. Director James Womack. Womack tells Stanley that San Francisco's Alcatraz Island has been taken hostage, along with eighty-one tourists, by Marine General Francis Xavier Hummel who, for years, has been protesting the government's refusal to pay benefits to families of war veterans who died during covert military operations. The death of his wife Barbara on March 9, 1995 drove General Hummel over the edge, and now he's holding hostages in order to get his point across. Stanley is needed because General Hummel has stolen some VX gas warheads and has announced that he will launch them onto San Francisco unless his demands are met. Stanley knows how to disarm the bombs, but he needs someone who knows Alcatraz well enough to get him inside. That man is former British Intelligence Agent John Patrick Mason, who has been in prison for the past thirty years without a trial because he was accused of stealing the private files of J. Edgar Hoover . In 1962, John became the only inmate ever to escape from Alcatraz, and he stayed out of Alcatraz long enough to father a daughter named Jade Angelou. Despite his extreme hatred of the F.B.I., John agrees to help Stanley. When John and Stanley are sent into Alcatraz with a Navy S.E.A.L. team, General Hummel's men kill the entire S.E.A.L. team, leaving Stanley and John to work on their own to rescue the hostages. Todd Baldridge With a madly daring scheme to unleash a devastating chemical warfare on the unsuspecting citizens of San Francisco, the disillusioned war hero, General Francis X. Hummel, and a handful of loyal men take over the impregnable prison island of Alcatraz. Demanding $100 million in reparations to the families of his lost brothers-in-arms, the highly decorated military man threatens to launch deadly rockets filled with nerve gas, unless the Pentagon takes him seriously. Now, the fates of millions rest in the hands of two unlikely companions: the nervous FBI chemist, Stanley Goodspeed, and the experienced British ex-spy and former Alcatraz inmate, John Patrick Mason, who must break into the abandoned fortress to thwart the general's plans. Many tried to break out of this rugged and impervious jail; however, only one succeeded. Can Mason and Stanley escape from the Rock in one piece? Nick Riganas A group of renegade Marine commandos seizes a stockpile of chemical weapons and takes over Alcatraz, with eighty-one tourists as hostages. Their leader, a former highly-decorated General, demands one hundred million dollars to be paid in ransom, as restitution to families of Marines who died in covert operations and were thereby denied compensation. Otherwise, he is threatening to launch fifteey rockets carrying deadly VX nerve gas into the San Francisco Bay area. An elite S.E.A.L. team, with support from an F.B.I. chemical warfare expert (Stanley Goodspeed) and a former Alcatraz escapee (John Patrick Mason), is assembled to penetrate the terrorists' defenses on Alcatraz and neutralize the rocket threat before time runs out. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It's a quiet day in San Francisco. There are eighty-one civilians on a tour of Alcatraz, the prison famous for the fact that no prisoner had ever successfully escaped. During one of the tours, Marine General Francis Xavier Hummel takes the civilians hostage, with the help of other Marines. He has fifteen rockets of deadly VX gas at his disposal, ready to launch at San Francisco. His reason for doing this is simple. He has seen Marines under his command get killed in combat without a military burial or benefits to their families. He makes a threat to the F.B.I.: give the fallen Marines recognition or he will launch the VX rockets. After learning that one rocket is enough to take out sixty or seventy thousand people, the F.B.I. sends for their top chemical weapons expert: Dr. Stanley Goodspeed, engaged to his pregnant girlfriend. While trying to figure out a countermeasure to the current situation, the F.B.I. is forced to resort to John Patrick Mason, an ex-con who broke out of Alcatraz in 1962. Ridley Lavine Marine General Francis Xavier Hummel has spent most of his career carrying out covert operations, but there's no record of these operations. Over the years, nearly a hundred of his men have been killed or left behind, and they have not received any recognition. After trying to get them that through normal channels, Hummel now decides that it's time for drastic measures. He and some other Marines take some rockets that are equipped with a biological weapon. They then go on a tour of Alcatraz, and take the tourists hostage. He then calls the Pentagon and informs them that unless they pay him one hundred million dollars as reparation for him, he will launch the rockets. Now the Pentagon doesn't want to capitulate. So they decide to send in a team of Navy S.E.A.L.s. Now they need someone who knows Alcatraz and the best person they could find is John Patrick Mason, a man who escaped from Alcatraz, and who has been in every prison in the U.S. for the past thirty years. Also accompanying them is Stanley Goodspeed, an F.B.I. chemical weapons expert. When they go in, the Marines ambush the S.E.A.L.s. Only Mason and Goodspeed are left, and the two have to try and neutralize the weapons. The only problem is, that Goodspeed is not really a man of action and Mason knows that when he returns, he will be sent back to prison, and Mason doesn't really deserve that. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a rainy morning at Arlington National Cemetery, Brigadier General Francis Hummel ( Ed Harris ) visits the grave of his wife, Barbara, who had recently passed away from an illness. He tells her that he misses her, but there is something he has to do now, and most of the world isn't going to like it. He hopes that wherever she is, she understands why he had to take the action he plans to. After saying a final goodbye, he places his Medal of Honor on the headstone and kisses it before he leaves. Later that night, Hummel leads a group of rogue Force Recon Marines on a raid of a Naval Weapons Depot. They seize a stockpile of rockets armed with weapons grade O-ethyl methylphosphonothioic acid, more commonly known as VX gas. They lose one of their men in the process, a horrific death caused by an accidental release of the chemical when one of the canisters was dropped and a sphere containing the deadly substance shatters. The man's skin begins to dissolve, he convulses and chokes to death. Hummel and his second-in-command, Major Tom Baxter ( David Morse ) have no choice but to leave the room sealed with their man inside. In an FBI lab in Washington DC, Dr. Stanley Goodspeed ( Nicolas Cage ) is called in to inspect a package sent to Bosnian refugees. He and a trainee, Marv Isherwood ( Todd Louiso ), find a small doll inside that sprays them with sarin gas and contains a bomb made of C4 explosive that could destroy the lab and kill everyone in the building. As Stanley works frantically to disarm the bomb he turns down a hypodermic needle loaded with a dose of atropine. Stanley disarms the bomb successfully. At home that night, he relaxes until his girlfriend, Carla ( Vanessa Marcil ) arrives home. He tells her about his experience and mentions that because the world is so cruel and violent that anyone considering having children is being foolish. She tells him she's pregnant and Stanley, stunned, tells her he's happy. When she proposes to him, he accepts. Hummel is joined by other Marines who have served him over the course of his career; Major Tom Baxter, who he served with in Vietnam, Captain Hendrix ( John C. McGinley ), who he served with in the Gulf, and Captains Frye ( Gregory Sporleder ) and Darrow ( Tony Todd ), who organized the raid on the weapons depot. They seize Alcatraz Island and take 81 tourists hostage, placing them in the prison cells, then threatening the FBI and Pentagon with launching the VX rockets against the population of San Francisco, unless the government pays ransom and reparations to the families of Marines who died on illegal, clandestine Marine Force Recon missions ("Black Ops") that were commanded by General Hummel. After Goodspeed makes love to Carla, he receives a call telling him to report to San Francisco. He assures her that it is probably just a training exercise, and they can be married there when it is finished. When he arrives, he is greeted by senior agent Ernest Paxton ( William Forsythe ) and Bureau Director James Womack ( John Spencer ). They brief him on the situation, asking him to consult. Goodspeed agrees, but asks Paxton for a gun having left his own sidearm at home. SEAL Commander Anderson ( Michael Biehn ) offers to lead an incursion team to the island to neutralize the warheads and free the hostages. In need of reliable first-hand knowledge of the physical layout of Alcatraz, Womack is forced to turn to long-time federal prisoner John Mason ( Sean Connery ), the only former inmate of Alcatraz to ever successfully escape. There is a considerable amount of bad blood between Mason and Womack, so Goodspeed is tasked with talking to him. Mason is willing to cooperate, however, shortly after he signs his pardon, Womack tears it up. Goodspeed notes that while they were talking to Mason he mentioned the names of several historical figures who were wrongfully imprisoned like Nelson Mandela, Sir Walter Raleigh, Archimedes and Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. Womack brushes it off, accusing Goodspeed of asking too many questions. Part of Mason's agreement includes a short stay at a luxury suite at San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel. He calls in a large amount of food to distract his minders. Out on the suite's balcony, Mason, while shaking on the deal he made with Womack, slips a rope around Womack's wrist and throws him over the side, holding the rope. When Goodspeed calls the other agents to help him pull Womack to safety, Mason escapes. He steals a Humvee from a hotel patron and drives recklessly through San Francisco, colliding with cars and other obstacles to block their pursuit. He finally makes it to the Palace of Fine Arts and meets with his daughter, Jade ( Claire Forlani ). The two seem to reconcile, Jade being bitter after her mother's death and Mason's (unintentional) abandonment. Goodspeed shows up and tells Mason they have to rejoin the FBI team. Upon their return, Goodspeed learns that he himself will accompany Mason and the incursion team to Alcatraz, despite his minimal combat training and fear of deep water. Paxton appeases him by having his men get Carla to safety. With Mason's guidance, the SEAL incursion team successfully infiltrates Alcatraz mostly undetected, but as they work their way through the tunnels of Alcatraz and enter the shower room, their presence is discovered by sophisticated warning equipment set up by Hummel's men. Hummel attempts to talk Anderson down, but Frye and Darrow grow impatient and open fire, leaving only Mason and Goodspeed alive. With Mason deciding to leave the island, Goodspeed must reveal the true purpose of the mission. Realizing his daughter's life is at risk, Mason agrees to stay and help. They begin the process of seeking out and disabling the 15 rockets one-by-one, traveling through the underground catacombs to avoid detection. They find them in the morgue and Goodspeed begins the painstaking process of removing the guidance chip from each missile. With the VX spheres arranged in a delicate configuration the work is slow and precise. While he removes the chips, he explains to Mason what the effects of VX are on the human body. After twelve rockets are sabotaged by Goodspeed and Mason, Captain Hendrix is ordered to take a fireteam down to the catacombs, resulting in a pitched battle in which Goodspeed uses lethal force for the first time. After learning that Hendrix's squad has been killed, Hummel threatens to execute one of the hostages unless the guidance chips of the sabotaged rockets are returned to him. Goodspeed grapples with the idea of surrendering the chips for a few moments until Mason destroys the chips, then surrenders to Hummel to buy time for Goodspeed to disable more rockets. During a tense confrontation in the prison courtyard, Mason insinuates that Hummel is actually insulting the memory of his fallen soldiers by threatening innocent civilians, and tests the general's resolve by calling him an idiot and denouncing his sense of patriotism as "a virtue of the vicious." (quoting Oscar Wilde). Hummel angrily strikes Mason and prepares to shoot him in the head, but instead orders him locked up. Goodspeed is able to disable the thirteenth rocket just before he is captured. Meanwhile, realizing that the SEAL team is lost, the Pentagon readies a backup plan; an attack by armed F-18s that will neutralize the poison gas by releasing Thermite plasma bombs, which would also kill everyone on the island. Paxton confronts Womack, asserting that given the severity of the situation, he has earned the right to know why Mason was imprisoned, and why Womack hates him so much. Womack reveals that Mason was a Captain for the British SAS who stole a microfilm containing serious secrets about U.S. and other world leaders and events. The information came from the personal files of former FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover. Mason was captured at the Canadian border and refused to divulge the location of the microfilm. After being disavowed by the SAS, he was kept locked up without benefit of trial, and told he would not be released until he gave up the microfilm. After Hoover died, the agency became a different beast, but it also became harder to come clean about the incident, so Mason remained locked away and forgotten. Mason is imparting this same information to Goodspeed as he fashions the bedding of his cell into a knotted rope with a wheel caster tied to the end for weight. He explains that the government had no intention of ever letting him go; had he given up the microfilm, they would have simply killed him, making his death look like suicide. Goodspeed furiously asks how he managed to get out of the cell in the first place. An annoyed Mason ignores the question, simply throwing the rope until it finally hits a security switch that unlocks their cell doors. Once they have safely made it to the beach, Mason again decides to leave the island, convinced that Hummel is only bluffing. Goodspeed insists that the military will need more than Mason's assumption to call off the airstrike, and he will finish the mission alone if he has to. Goodspeed is captured before he can find another rocket, but he's rescued by Mason, who decided to come back, he did not want to see Stanley's child grow up without a father, as Jade has. The deadline Hummel gave the FBI/Pentagon arrives, and when there is no ransom paid and more time requested, Major Baxter demands he take action. Hummel orders a rocket fired. It's headed for a full stadium at Candlestick Park, but Hummel slyly enters revised coordinates on his computer keyboard and redirects the rocket so that it falls into the ocean. The surviving officers are furious, as Washington will now believe they are weak and incompetent and hit them with everything they've got. Hummel tells them that the whole operation was a bluff that the government didn't fall for, and since he's a professional soldier, not a murderer, it's all over. He tells his men to take some hostages and leave, he will surrender and take the heat for it all. Frye and Darrow refuse. They consider themselves mercenaries working for pay, and they want their money, or to make good on the threats. A Mexican standoff ensues, and Mason and Goodspeed arrive just in time to witness its conclusion. As shots are fired, General Hummel and Major Baxter are fatally wounded. As Mason opens fire on the mutineers, forcing them to disperse, a dying Hummel tells Goodspeed that the last rocket is in the lower lighthouse. Goodspeed heads to the lighthouse while Mason covers him from the rooftops. As Goodspeed disarms the last rocket, Darrow corners him, menacing him with a combat knife. Goodspeed launches the now unarmed rocket, which hits Darrow squarely in chest, causing him to plummet to his death. As Goodspeed is handling the final string of green VX spheres, one of them drops on the deck. He catches it before it can shatter. Frye attacks him, chasing him through the lighthouse. Deciding to take a stand against Frye, Goodspeed lures him with the last guidance chip and attacks him. With the Thermite plasma-armed jets approaching, Frye overpowers Goodspeed and tries to strangle him. Out of options, Goodspeed shoves the loose sphere into the captain's mouth and hits him in the jaw, crushing the vial and releasing the contents. Captain Frye dies almost instantly, violently convulsing as his flesh melts away. Goodspeed is also exposed to the toxin and he immediately stumbles away, pulling the atropine antidote from his boot and injecting himself in the heart with it. He is then able to grab and light two green flares, the prearranged signal that the threat is over. The flares are spotted from land, but only after one of the jet pilots has released his bombs, exploding on the rear of the island, missing all the hostages and sending Goodspeed flying into the bay. Mason reappears and drags the unconscious Goodspeed to shore. Paxton calls on the radio and learns from Goodspeed that all the hostages are still alive, but that Mason had been killed. The distraction provides Mason time to escape before the FBI arrives, telling him that Womack tore up his pardon. Mason suggests that Goodspeed take his honeymoon with Carla by way of Ft. Walton, Kansas, giving him a slip of paper saying "front pew." When Paxton and Womack arrive Goodspeed tells them that Mason was "vaporized" by the Thermite plasma missile. The film ends with Goodspeed running from a church in Ft. Walton, Kansas, as Carla urges him to hurry and get in the car so they can get away. Goodspeed has in his hand a canister containing microfilm. He looks at the microfilm and asks Carla if she'd like to know who really shot JFK. 
 Meet Joe Black (1998)431) Death, who takes the form of a young man, asks a media mogul to act as a guide to teach him about life on Earth, and in the process, he falls in love with his guide's daughter. William Parrish (Sir Anthony Hopkins), media tycoon, loving father, and still a human being, is about to celebrate his 65th birthday. One morning, he is contacted by the inevitable, by hallucination, as he thinks. Later, Death enters his home and his life, personified in a man's body: Joe Black (Brad Pitt) has arrived. His intention was to take William with him, but accidentally, Joe's former host and William's beautiful daughter Susan (Claire Forlani) have already met. Joe begins to develop certain interest in life on Earth, as well as in Susan, who has no clue with whom she's flirting. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Joe Black (Brad Pitt) and William Parrish (Sir Anthony Hopkins) enter into a most unusual gentleman's agreement. Wealthy media tycoon William Parrish leads a charmed existence until Death comes calling with an extraordinary proposition, he'll delay William's imminent demise in exchange for a tour of life. Innocent, enigmatic, and often hilarious, Joe disrupts William's world of privilege and corporate intrigue. But when he falls for William's beautiful daughter, Susan (Claire Forlani), Joe threatens to change the rules. Now William must fight not for his future, but for those he loves in this bittersweet tale of life and death. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. William Parish (Anthony Hopkins) is a multimillionaire who has run a successful empire for the past forty years in New York. But, after his wife passes away, he feels empty and becomes convinced that Death is now after him too. He hears strange voices in his head, mimicking his own words, but they are phony and ridicule him in every possible manner. William's eldest and somewhat meddlesome daughter, Allison (Marcia Gay Harden), is planning her father's 65th birthday party. Her sister Susan (Claire Forlani), an attractive young doctor, is involved with one of Bill's board members, Drew (Jake Weber). Her father disapproves of the relationship and suggests she look for someone more suited to her character. Early in the morning she meets a handsome and cheery stranger (Brad Pitt) in a caf, but fails to learn his name before they leave. The young man is struck and killed by a car a few minutes later. Death (Brad Pitt) appears to Bill in his home. Bill finally realizes that the young man is the personification of death. But death wants a holiday from his taxing, eternal responsibility of taking the souls of the dead to the after life. He chooses William to be his guide strikes a deal with Bill: as long as Bill shows him around the world of mortals, Bill will get to live a little longer. Temporarily doubting his own sanity, he finally agrees. He is introduced to William's family at a dinner at his house, when Susan arrives a few minutes late. She immediately recognizes the young man she met earlier that day, but the young man as Death is unfamiliar with the practices of mortal men and does not remember their original meeting. He acts awkwardly around her and she is confused and upset by his sudden odd behavior, very unlike his actions earlier that day. When the dinner guests ask Bill for the name of his "old friend", Bill hesitatingly introduces him as "Joe Black". The family is puzzled by the sudden appearance of an old friend of their father's that they have never met. Joe insists that Bill allow him to accompany him everyplace he goes, and Bill reluctantly agrees. Bill knows that these are his last days on earth, but despite his best efforts, he fails to keep events from rapidly spiraling out of control. A merger has been proposed to the Board of Bill's company, and Drew actively supports the transaction, but Bill as Chairman vetoes the proposal. Drew is very antagonistic towards this sudden, new "old friend" of Bill's, and is disrespectful and rude towards him. Susan grows disaffected of her relationship with Drew, beginning to see him for who he really is, and is somewhat enamored of the diffident, seductive, mysterious Joe Black. They have sex and she tells Joe that she loves him. Joe enjoys the experiences of his flesh, of human feelings and desires, and is in love with her as well. This complicates matters, as Bill doesn't want Death to become involved with his daughter, and tells Joe that their deal didn't include this. Death has little care for Will's feelings and declares his intention to take Susan with him for his own. As his last birthday arrives, Bill makes a last attempt to demonstrate to Joe the meaning of true love and all it encompasses, especially honesty and sacrifice. Bill's 65th birthday on his large estate is a wonderful, perfect event. Joe attends, pretending to be an Internal Revenue Service agent. Bill makes a last attempt to demonstrate to Joe the meaning of true love and all it encompasses especially honesty and sacrifice. Joe comes to understand that his love for Susan means he has to sacrifice his desire to take Susan with him and allow her to live her life, and he abandons his plans to take her. Unknown to Bill, Drew is conspiring with a enemy of BIll's who is bidding to acquire Parrish Communications. Drew capitalizes on Bill's strange behavior. He uses information inadvertently given to him by Bill's son-in-law Quince (Jeffrey Tambor) and convinces the board to vote Bill out as Chairman. He also persuades the Board to approve the merger which Bill had decided to oppose. Quince is devastated by what happens to Bill as all but one other member of the board vote him out. Joe, as the IRS agent, uses his knowledge of Drew's actions and intimidates Drew into resigning from the company and Board and to leaving Susan. Joe helps get Bill reinstated as Chairman of the Board. Bill devotes his remaining hours of life at the party to his daughters Allison and Susan. Joe says his last goodbye to Susan, admitting in veiled terms that he isn't what he appears to be. She senses something of the truth behind his words but is unable or unwilling to vocalize this realization. A fireworks show marks the end of the party and Joe escorts Bill to the edge of the garden and Susan follows them. Joe takes Bill over the bridge and the two disappear. Susan saw them walking away and runs up to the bridge. She is surprised when Joe reappears and walks back over the bridge. Death has left with Bill. Joe is now the young man Susan met at the coffee shop at the start of the movie. The young man, unaware of the events which had transpired from the time of his death until his return, talks to Susan. After a few moments, Susan suddenly realises that Joe is not the person whom she fell in love with. In sorrow, she realises that Joe (Death) has left and she is now talking with Joe (young man at coffee shop). She gazes past Joe's shoulder at the spot where she last saw Joe (Death) and Bill. Tearing, she says to Joe (young man), "I wish you could have known my father". She then asks him, "What do we do now?". He replies, "It'll come to us.". She nods and agrees. They hold hands and walk back towards the celebration of (Bill's) life. 
 Mystery Men (1999)44) A group of inept amateur superheroes must try to save the day when a supervillain threatens to destroy a major superhero and the city. In order to generate more endorsement revenue, Champion City's resident superhero Captain Amazing arranges for the release of super villain Casanova Frankenstein, only to be captured by him. The city's fate rests in the hands of seven loser superhero wannabes: the fork-flinging Blue Rajah, the shovel-wielding Shoveler, the possessed bowling ball-hurling Bowler, the flatulent Spleen, the only-when-nobody's-looking Invisible Boy, the mysterious Sphinx, and the perpetually-angry Mr. Furious. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> When Captain Amazing (Kinnear) is kidnapped by Casanova Frankenstein (Rush) a group of superheroes combine together to create a plan. But these aren't normal superheroes. They are individuals who are not good enough to be real superheroes. Now, the group who include such heroes as Mr. Furious (Stiller), The Shoveller (Macy) and The Blue Raja (Azaria) must put all the powers together to save everyone they know and love. FilmFanUK In Champion City, would be superheroes like The Shoveler, The Blue Raja and Mr. Furious can't seem to make a difference and impress either the city or its greatest superhero, Captain Amazing. However, when Captain Amazing is captured by his greatest enemy, Cassanova Frankenstein, these stumblebum heroes must join with other superhero hopefuls to save the Captain and the city. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 