nm0004044:

 Herbie Fully Loaded (2005)651) Maggie Peyton, the new owner of Herbie, Number 53, the free-wheelin' Volkswagen bug with a mind of its own, puts the car through its paces on the road to becoming a NASCAR competitor. Maggie Peyton is the new owner of Number 53--the free wheelin' Volkswagen bug with a mind of its own; she puts the car through its paces on the road to becoming a NASCAR competitor. As a third generation member of a NASCAR family, racing is in Maggie Peyton's blood, but she is forbidden from pursuing her dream by her overprotective father, Ray Peyton, Sr. When Ray Sr. offers Maggie a car as a college graduation present, he takes her to a junkyard to choose one from an assortment of very used cars. Maggie has her eye on an old Nissan, but a certain rusty, banged up '63 VW Bug seems to be clamoring for her attention. To her surprise, Maggie leaves the lot with Herbie. As she prepares to leave town for a position with ESPN News, Maggie discovers that Herbie has a mind of his own--and an alternate route for her future. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) Southern Californian Maggie Peyton has car racing in her blood, with her now deceased paternal grandfather a famous and successful driver, and her father, Ray Peyton, leading his own NASCAR team. Maggie took to street racing as Ray wouldn't let her drive in legitimate races. A potentially life threatening car accident while street racing made Maggie trade in her four large wheels for four smaller ones in the form of a skateboard, and Ray sending her off to college (from where she's just graduated) to get her out of the racing life, with an imminent corporate job in New York City. To carry on the Peyton racing legacy, Ray has entrusted the driving for the team to his son, Ray Peyton Jr., whose less than stellar results threaten corporate funding for the team. As a graduation present, Ray Sr. gives Maggie any vehicle she wants at a scrap yard. Despite having her eyes on another vehicle, she is compelled instead to choose a 1963 Volkswagen Beetle. That VW Bug is Herbie, who has a mind of his own, but whose own recent sad life has made him a has-been, he only barely managing to save himself from being crushed for scrap metal. Initially unknown to Maggie, it was Herbie who made her choose him, he who has thoughts of getting into his past racing glory with Maggie behind the wheel, which she cannot fully comprehend the first times he takes full control. With her childhood friend, Kevin, now a mechanic, by her side, Maggie, hiding under a racing suit and helmet as "Max", has to get by egotistical NASCAR champion Trip Murphy, who is not averse to sabotage to achieve his goal of winning. Besides Trip, Maggie and Herbie have a few possible obstacles to overcome in winning: Ray finding out that Max is indeed his daughter; Herbie getting sidetracked by his interest in a newer model VW Beetle; and Maggie being lured to the dark side in the form of a traditional high powered race car instead of Herbie. Huggo Maggie Peyton, the first Peyton to graduate from college receives a graduation present from her dad and as she's about to get a 250Z, she instead receives a Volkswagon Bug (Herbie) and Herbie takes her for a ride. Herbie takes her to "Kevins Custom Car Shop" run by her best friend Kevin where they take Herbie for a test drive and end up at a car show where Herbie beats all-time racer Trip Murphy in an impromptu street race. Trip demands a rematch and attempts to discover the secret behind Herbie. But Magwheels's biggest challenge isn't the up and coming Daytona 500, It's proving to her dad that she's good enough to be the next great Peyton. Joseph <webwriter3000@yahoo.com> When Maggie Peyton graduates from college, her father Ray Peyton Sr. gives an used car from a scrap metal yard as a gift, and she takes a 1963 Volkswagen beetle with the number 53. Maggie finds a letter in the glove compartment telling that the bug's name is Herbie and she visits her friend and mechanic Kevin to check Herbie. They go to a car show where they are challenged by the arrogant champion racer Trip Murphy for a race. Maggie and Herbie win Trip, and the revengeful pilot plots a scheme to take Herbie from Maggie. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The plucky little #53 VW Bug named Herbie was once one of the most popular vehicles on the racing circuit in his day. However, over time, his popularity waned, until he eventually finds himself in the hands of a junk yard owner named Crazy Dave, who is planning to eventually crush the little beetle into scrap. Meanwhile, Maggie Peyton has just graduated from college, and is planning to head to New York after the summer to work for ESPN. Though she appears happy for these plans, she secretly harbors a wish to race just like her Father, Grandfather, and Brother. However, while her Father and Grandfather had the 'ambition and drive,' her brother Rey Payton Jr just doesn't have it. After her graduation, Rey Payton Sr takes his daughter to Crazy Dave's to pick out a used car of her own. Through a mishap perpetrated by Herbie, Maggie ends up as the beetle's new owner. However, once she starts Herbie up, he takes off in a mad dash to a nearby garage, owned by a young man named Kevin, who is a friend of Maggie's. Noting Herbie's condition, Kevin decides to go with Maggie for a drive to test Herbie out. However, Herbie ends up driving the two of them to a local exotic car show, where famed NASCAR racer Trip Murphy is making a publicity appearance. After Trip makes a rude comment about Herbie's condition, the little beetle creates a major scratch along the side of Trip's personal vehicle. A race soon ensues, and Maggie (wearing a racing outfit with a darkened helmet), manages to beat Trip. Herbie's beating Trip gives Maggie a thrill from winning a street race (something she promised her Dad she wouldn't do again after a serious accident some time before), but plunges Trip into a deep grudge over being beaten by an old VW beetle. Even though his manager (and brother) tells Trip to just ignore the 'fluke win,' Trip is determined to get back at Herbie and his racer. Trip then advertises a special racing event in the desert with the promise of a $10,000 cash prize to the person who beats him. The ad catches the eye of Maggie and Kevin, who feel that the money could be a good thing for Maggie when she moves to New York. The two work to repair Herbie, and make him more race-worthy. At the race-off's tryouts, Herbie manages to beat all the other competitors. However, Trip has been watching Herbie and his mysterious driver, and finally confirms that it's Maggie. After the day is over, Trip allows Maggie the chance to take his NASCAR racer for a ride in the desert. Trip then attempts to examine Herbie's engine to figure how the bug beat him, but Herbie ends up knocking Trip around instead. When Maggie returns, Trip tricks Maggie into betting Herbie's ownership on the last race, claiming that if Maggie wins, she can have his NASCAR racer. The next day, Herbie throws the race, when Maggie demands they win so she can have Trip's race car. The loss ends in Maggie's duel identity as Herbie's mysterious driver being exposed to the crowd...which also consists of her Dad. Rey Payton Sr angrily tells his displeasure that Maggie went back on her promise not to race, and Kevin is upset that Maggie would bet Herbie like she did. Though it seems that everyone is upset with Maggie, her college friend Charisma (who was at the race) commends Maggie that she really seems to have a racer's spirit, and that it seems she would moreso enjoy racing than the upcoming position with ESPN. After some soul-searching, Maggie visits Trip with the intent to buy back Herbie. However, Trip has sold Herbie to a demolition derby, with the intent that the little beetle will be demolished. Maggie manages to get to the derby, but not before Herbie is damaged quite badly. The next day, Maggie's brother Rey Jr qualifies for the NEXTEL Cup race, but can't race due to a vision impairment. Rey then suggests that Maggie race in his place. Kevin also voices his affirmative, but Rey Sr refuses to allow this. That evening, Maggie and Kevin assess Herbie's damage, and find that they do not have the funds to fix him. However, their solution comes in the form of Ray Jr who arrives, to tell Maggie that he is going to let her race in the NEXTEL Cup the next day. However, Maggie insists that she race in Herbie. Ray Jr and his pit crew then work overnight to fix Herbie and make him NASCAR-certified (as much as a VW Bug can be, anyways). The next day, Trip Murphy is surprised to see Herbie enter the race. Eventually, Herbie manages to outperform most of the race favorites, but encounters fuel problems during the final laps. Maggie is more than willing to lose the race if it means Herbie will be alright, but Herbie manages to push on, intending to win the race...of which Trip is in the lead. It looks like Trip may win the race, but his ego gets the better of him, and he ends up crashing, allowing Herbie and Maggie to win, making her the first woman to win the NEXTEL Cup, and returning Herbie to prominence in the current racing world. The old legendary Number 53 racing car, Herbie, a 1963 Volkswagen bug has been forgotten for many years. Herbie ends up at a junk yard where Ray Peyton, Sr. (Michael Keaton), a NASCAR champ, takes his daughter Maggie (Lindsay Lohan) to buy a car as a college graduation gift. Herbie manages to get Maggie to take him. Maggie has racing in her blood, but her father is afraid for her after she crashed her car into a tree years earlier. Herbie has racing in his oil, and he is going to take Maggie for a wonderful ride. Maggie discovers that Herbie is not just a VW bug, but a fast racing car in disguise, when she races Trip Murphy (Matt Dillon), a top NASCAR driver. Herbie is entered into a NASCAR event and Maggie will be the driver. Maggie and the world will find out if she has what it takes to be a Peyton. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 An American Crime (2007)321) The true story of suburban housewife Gertrude Baniszewski, who kept a teenage girl locked in the basement of her Indiana home during the 1960s. Based on a true story that shocked the nation in 1965, the film recounts one of the most shocking crimes ever committed against a single victim. Sylvia and Jennie Fae Likens, the two daughters of traveling carnival workers are left for an extended stay at the Indianapolis home of single mother Gertrude Baniszewski and her six children. Times are tough, and Gertrude's financial needs cause her to make this arrangement before realizing how the burden will push her unstable nature to a breaking point. What transpires in the next three months is both riveting and horrific. alfiehitchie Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An American Crime is split into reflections of contemporary and past settings. The contemporary setting is the trial of Gertrude Baniszewski (Catherine Keener), interspersed with lengthy flashbacks into the events described by the witnesses. Sylvia (Ellen Page) and her sister, Jenny (Hayley McFarland), find themselves on the road living between their parents, Lester (Nick Searcy) and Betty Likens (Romy Rosemont). The Likens parents, who are professional carnival workers, go on tour together, leaving Sylvia and Jenny in the care of Gertrude Baniszewski, whose daughters the Likens girls have met in church. The Baniszewski household is already overrun with children, and Gertrude is in dire financial straits. Sylvia befriends Gertrude's oldest daughter, Paula Baniszewski (Ari Graynor), who confesses to Sylvia that she is pregnant by her married boyfriend. Sylvia swears not to tell. Shortly after the Likens girls' arrival, Gertrude Baniszewski is upset to find that Lester has not sent the weekly money for the girls' board. She punishes the girls by whipping them with a belt. Soon thereafter, Gertrude receives the payment and a letter from the Likens, but throws the letter in the trash and says nothing to the Likens girls. While Paula and Sylvia are out with friends, Paula's boyfriend informs Paula that his wife has come back, then hits Paula when she pleads for him to stay with her. To stop the boyfriend's attack, Sylvia tells him that Paula is pregnant. Paula, furious, vows that Sylvia will pay for spilling her secret. Ricky Hobbs (Evan Peters), who likes Sylvia, observes the scene. Back at home, Paula tells Gertrude that Sylvia has been spreading lies about her. Gertrude forces Sylvia to apologize, and eventually has the second-youngest Baniszewski child, Johnny (Tristan Jarred), hold Sylvia so that Paula can beat her. Rumors spread around the school that Paula is pregnant. Jenny finds the letter from her parents in the garbage, prompting Sylvia and her to phone their parents. The call is cut short when they see the Baniszewski children coming. The Baniszewski children tell Gertrude about the phone call. Gertrude believes they stole money to make the long distance call, although they had traded bottles in for money. As a punishment for "stealing", Gertrude burns Sylvia with a cigarette. At a church lunch, Gertrude's youngest child's (baby) father, Andy (James Franco), says Sylvia has been spreading rumors that Paula was pregnant. When Sylvia returns home, Gertrude accuses Sylvia of telling more lies about her daughter, then forces Sylvia to put a Coke bottle up her vagina in front of the family. Gertrude then orders Sylvia to the basement. When Sylvia refuses, both Stephanie's boyfriend, Coy (Jeremy Sumpter), and Johnny throw her down the stairs. Jenny asks how long Sylvia will be in the basement, to which Gertrude replies "until she learns her lesson." Gertrude makes everyone swear that Sylvia was sent to juvenile hall. Johnny begins to bring neighborhood children into the basement so that they can torture Sylvia. When they hesitate, Johnny assures them that it is all right because his mother said that they could. The children visit regularly to beat Sylvia and burn her with cigarettes. Paula, who has begun to feel guilty, tells her mother she has been praying and thinks Sylvia has learned her lesson. Gertrude insists that Sylvia still needs to be punished, but Paula will have no part in it. When Paula confesses to her church pastor that she is pregnant, the pastor visits the Baniszewski home, where he is told that Gertrude sent Sylvia away for being a bad influence. When the pastor leaves, Gertrude orders everyone in the basement. She begins to brand "I'M A PROSTITUTE AND PROUD OF IT" on Sylvia's stomach with a hot needle, but is unable to finish. Ricky finishes the branding. Late one night, Paula comes to help Sylvia escape. One of the Baniszewski sisters awakens Gertrude, who tries to prevent the escape. Paula stops Gertrude, and Ricky drives Sylvia to her parents, who are horrified at their daughter's condition. The three of them go immediately to the Baniszewski household to make sure that Jenny is safe. Sylvia walks into the house only to see her own body lying on the floor while Stephanie screams that Sylvia isn't breathing. The standing Sylvia vanishes, making it plain that the "escape" was only a vivid hallucination before her own death. While Gertrude continues to insist that Sylvia is faking, Ricky calls the police. As the police are leaving, Jenny approaches them and says, "Get me out of here and I'll tell you everything." Jenny is shown on the stand, saying that Sylvia never did anything to Paula or Gertrude, but Gertrude had threatened her to keep quiet or she would get the same treatment. Gertrude is found guilty of first degree murder after denying that she did anything and blaming the torture on her children. Gertrude is shown in her prison cell, where an image of Sylvia appears. Before Gertrude can ask for forgiveness, the vision vanishes. Sylvia narrates the end, relating the punishments the others received. The film ends with Sylvia riding the carnival merry-go-round, where she always felt safe. 
 Bottle Rocket (1996)Summaries Three friends plan to pull off a simple robbery and go on the run. Upon his release from a mental hospital following a nervous breakdown, the directionless Anthony joins his friend Dignan, who seems far less sane than the former. Dignan has hatched a hare-brained scheme for an as-yet-unspecified crime spree that somehow involves his former boss, the (supposedly) legendary Mr. Henry. With the help of their pathetic neighbor and pal Bob, Anthony and Dignan pull a job and hit the road, where Anthony finds love with motel maid Inez. When our boys finally hook up with Mr. Henry, the ensuing escapade turns out to be far from what anyone expected. Marty Cassady <martyc@bev.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 House of Sand and Fog (2003)651) An abandoned wife is evicted from her house and starts a tragic conflict with her house's new owners. An emotionally broken woman, Kathy, suddenly finds herself homeless after her house is wrongly repossessed and auctioned. Seeking respite from his marriage, Lester, a sympathetic sheriff's deputy comes to the aid of Kathy and becomes intimately involved in her situation. Soon, Behrani, a proud emigrant Iranian and his family move into the house only to find their new lives burdened by harassment from Lester and Kathy as they attempt to reclaim her former home. The once prosperous colonel denies Kathy's pleas for he knows his recent purchase promises a profitable return and a better future for his adolescent son and his wife. But latent consequences lie beneath Behrani's well intentioned plan as Kathy's emotions spiral out of control and her actions spark a tragic chain of events that will leave no resident unscathed in the House of Sand and Fog. Tiler Faisal Massoud Amir Behrani, an Iranian immigrant, has spent most of his savings trying to enhance his daughter's chances of a good marriage. Once she is married, he spends the remaining funds on a house at an auction, unwittingly putting himself and his family in the middle of a legal tussle with the house's former owner. What begins as a legal struggle turns into a personal confrontation, with tragic results. lcheala@imdb.com House of Sand and Fog is the story of an Iranian political refugee family who are in struggle for a better life in the United States. Amir Behrani, who was a colonel in Shah's regime, spends most of his savings on a fancy wedding ceremony for his daughter. Once she is married, he purchases a house in auction in the hope of making a profit by selling it for a higher price. Behrani's goal is to spend the money he earns from selling the house to achieve his dream of building a place like the villa they used to have in north of Iran, and save the rest of the money for his son's education. However, Kathy, who was the former owner of the house and lost it mistakenly charged for unpaid taxes, steps in and makes the life difficult for them. She meets a policeman and starts a relationship with him. To help Kathy get the house back, the police officer threatens the Behrani family with deporting them from the country if they do not leave the house. The struggles for the house lead to a tragic end. Saman_Yaghmai Kathy is an emotionally unstable and neglectful woman evicted from the house she inherited from her father when she is mistakenly charged for unpaid taxes. After the immediate auction, the house is sold in a very low price to the Iranian Colonel Behrani, a refugee who sees the chance to give some stability to his family and make a profit in the resell of the property to raise money to send his beloved son to the university. Kathy has a relationship with the abusive officer Lester, who tries to force the family leave the place, ending his attempt in a tragic way. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins on a foggy night with a young woman sitting on a widow's walk. Below, ambulances are leaving the house. A police officer asks if she is Kathy Nicolo. On the day it all began, Kathy was awakened by a 6:00 a.m. phone call from her mother, who lives on the east coast. Kathy lies and says her husband is there when in fact he left her six months earlier. After revealing that Kathy's brother's wife is pregnant, her mother says she is coming to visit friends in two weeks and will drop in. This is unwelcome news. The house is a mess, with unwashed dishes in the kitchen and unopened mail spilling across the floor. Suddenly there is a sharp knock at the door. Outside, Kathy sees two police officers and two other men. She is informed that the house is being seized for non-payment of a business tax and that she must vacate the property at once. Stunned, Kathy tries to explain that she inherited the house from her father and there is no tax owed. But the tax office has sent her several notices, none of which she opened. One of the police officers tells her that unless she moves her belongings out, they will be auctioned along with the house. He advises her to call friends or family to help her move. But there is no one to call. The officer takes pity on her and introduces himself as Lester Burdon. He knows of some movers who owe him a favor. He sends the other officer for cardboard boxes so they can help her move. By the end of the day, Kathy's belongings are in storage and she gets a room at a cheap motel. She is a house cleaner and cannot afford anything nicer. Colonel Massoud Behrani was forced to flee Iran with his family. He and his wife Nadi have two children, Soraya and Esmail. They are all American citizens now. Soraya is being married and her parents throw her a lavish wedding. With that out of the way, Behrani must begin saving money for his son's college education. No one knows that he works two menial jobs to support his family. By day he is a highway worker and at night he works in a convenience store. He has saved money and plans to invest in a house he can fix up and sell for more than he paid. In the newspaper he sees an advertisement for the auction of a seized property. It is the house taken from Kathy Nicolo. Behrani attends the auction and buys the house for a fraction of what it is worth. He is advised to add a widow's walk to increase the resale value. Kathy's visit to Connie Walsh, a lawyer, doesn't go well. Clearly there has been a mistake. She recalls signing a paper months ago that she owed no tax, but since she didn't open her mail she was unaware of any problems. Kathy is stunned to learn that the house has already been sold. Connie says she can sue the county but that would take months. Or their office can contact the owner and ask if he would be willing to sell the house back to the county for what he paid. Kathy is adamant that she must have the house back in two weeks for her mother's visit. Connie warns her to let them handle it and on no account approach the owner. Nadi does not want to move but Behrani gives her no choice. She is reminded of the time back in Iran when he cut down several beautiful trees at their summer home so they would have a better view of Caspian Sea. Kathy drives to her former home and is outraged to see the widow's walk being constructed. She orders the workmen to stop but they tell her to speak to the owner. Then Kathy steps on several nails and cuts her foot badly. The workmen help her to the door. Nadi is kind to her and bandages the foot. Her English is not good so Kathy doesn't really explain why she is there. Reporting all this to Connie results in a letter to Behrani, explaining the mistake and requesting that he vacate the house at once rather than later. Behrani is outraged and pays Connie a visit. He has had the house appraised and its current market value is $174,000. If the county wants to pay that amount, he will sell the house back. But he will not sell it for what he paid for it at auction. Kathy is in her storage unit when Lester drops by. He is off duty and in the area, so he decided to check on her. They go out for drinks, although Kathy explains that she is a recovering alcoholic. She brings Lester up to date on what is going on with her house. He is sympathetic and gives her his direct line at the station. The motel owner tells Kathy that her credit card was declined and she must leave. Wearily, Kathy asks if it could wait till Friday when she will get paid. The answer is no and Kathy is now forced to live in her car. She is already drinking again and now she starts smoking. Lester comes to the rescue and installs her in a nice motel room. They begin an affair after he leaves his wife and children, which he has been wanting to do for a long time. The widow's walk is finished and Behrani is showing the house to prospective buyers. Then Kathy pulls up in the driveway. Behrani lies and says she is there to pick up some tools left behind by her construction worker boyfriend. He grabs her arm and forces her back in the car. As she drives off, she yells that the house is stolen. The buyers decide that they are no longer interested. Soraya and her husband are back from their honeymoon. Behrani and Nadi host a party for them on the widow's walk. Kathy and Lester drive by and are disgusted by the merrymaking. Lester squeals the tires as they make a u-turn and leave. Even though they are in Lester's car, Kathy feels Behrani's eyes on her. Lester and Kathy move to a fishing camp owned by one of his friends. There is no electricity or running water so they use lanterns and a gas stove. He notices the bruise on Kathy's arm where Behrani grabbed her and decides to do something about it. After putting on his uniform but removing the name tag and whatever else might identify him, they drive to Behrani's. When Behrani comes to the door, Lester identifies himself as Officer Joe Gonzalez. He tells Behrani that it is illegal to post a sign on a telephone pole, as Behrani did when he advertised the house for sale. Lester then attempts to intimidate Behrani by asking if he is in this country legally. Behrani identifies himself as an American citizen. Esmail and Nadi come out of their rooms in time to hear Lester threaten to deport the family unless Behrani sells the house back to the county. After Lester leaves, Nadi angrily asks Behrani what he has done. The quarrel escalates and he slaps her. Esmail helps her out of the room and Behrani spends the night alone. Lester returns to his car where Kathy is waiting and tells her it is obvious that Behrani isn't just off the boat. The next day, Behrani goes to the police department and reports Lester to Internal Affairs. He remembers that Lester was wearing an unusual pin, one with two pistol barrels crossed and the letters FTO. Since there are only eight field training officers on the force, Lester is easily identified. It is his day off and Lester has gone home to see his wife, who has told the children that their separation is only temporary. The phone rings and it is Internal Affairs, ordering Lester to come in at once. Meanwhile, Kathy is back at the camp waiting for him. When he doesn't come, she decides he has reconciled with his wife. She goes to the Behrani home and tells Nadi everything. Nadi is very sympathetic and promises to talk to her husband. Behrani arrives just as Kathy is leaving. In a fury, he grabs her and shoves her into her car, shouting that she is nothing and to tell her idiot deputy that his superiors know what he did. Kathy drives away and calls her brother from a phone booth, intending to ask for his help but he cuts her off. She then goes to a liquor store, where she purchases several bottles. She decides to burn the house down. If she can't have it, then neither can Behrani. After filling a gas can, she opens the trunk and sees Lester's gun belt. She takes the gun and leaves the gas can sitting on the sidewalk. Behrani looks outside and sees Kathy once again parked in his driveway. He runs out and starts yelling until he sees the gun. Kathy is aiming it at her head, sobbing wildly. He takes it away from her and carries her into the house. He and Nadi put her in Esmail's room to sleep it off. Lester goes to the camp and finds the meal Kathy had prepared for them still on the table. He realizes she must have gone to the Behrani home and might be in danger. Meanwhile, Kathy has gone into the bathroom and swallowed Nadi's pain medication. When Nadi realizes what she has done, she makes Kathy throw up the pills. Behrani and Nadi are in the process of getting her back to the bedroom when Lester breaks the kitchen door down. He charges in and seizes the gun, which was left on a table. Holding the family at gunpoint, he demands to know what they have done to Kathy. Esmail explains about the pills and produces the empty bottle. There is nothing to do but let her sleep off the effects. While she is sleeping, Lester orders the family into the bathroom and locks the door. They remain there the entire night. By morning Behrani has come up with a plan. He offers to sell the house back to the county, then give Kathy the check in exchange for her signing the house over to him. Kathy wakes up and Lester sees she is fine. He tells her of the offer made by Behrani but Kathy is skeptical. She asks several times if they can't just leave. But Lester points out that she will need money to make a fresh start. Over her protests he leaves, taking Behrani and Esmail with him. Earlier he unloaded the gun and gave Kathy the bullets to keep. The Beharnis do not know they are being held hostage with a useless gun. Behrani tries to get Lester to allow Esmail to wait in the car but he won't. Keeping the gun hidden, Lester marches them toward the county office. He is very nervous at seeing a number of police officers about. Then a rookie cop stops him to thank him for all he learned by riding with Lester. The trio start up the steps leading to the county offices. Suddenly Behrani grabs Lester and yells at Esmail to get the gun, which he does. It was Behrani's intent to hold Lester captive while Esmail got help. But the plan fails. Esmail is confused when officers draw their weapons and order him to drop the gun. When he doesn't, they shoot him in the chest. Behrani drops to his knees and cradles his son, wailing aloud. An ambulance arrives and takes Esmail to the hospital, while Lester and Behrani are taken into custody. Covered with his son's blood, Behrani prays aloud that the boy will live. Lester confesses to everything and Behrani is cleared. He runs all the way to the hospital, but Esmail has died. After saying a tearful goodbye to his son, Behrani returns home. Meanwhile, Lester is booked into the nearest jail. He tries to call his wife but she doesn't answer. Nadi falls ill with a headache and goes to bed. Kathy then leaves the house and drives to the pier. She stays there for a while. When Behrani arrives home, Nadi is just waking up. He cannot bear to tell her about Esmail. After changing his blood-soaked shirt, he brings her a cup of tea laced with an fatal overdose of medication. She drinks it and soon dies. Behrani then dresses himself in his Iranian colonel's uniform and puts a plastic bag over his head. Lying next to his wife, he commits suicide by suffocation. Kathy returns to the house and finds the bodies. She rips the plastic from Behrani's head and performs CPR but it is too late. She realizes it is her fault and curls up on the bed. Eventually the police come. The movie ends with Kathy answering the officer's question. Yes, she is Kathy Nicolo. He asks if this is her house and she says no. 