nm0009319:

 Men in Black II (2002)761) Agent Jay is sent to find Agent Kay and restore his memory after the re-appearance of a case from Kay's past. Kay and Jay reunite to provide our best, last and only line of defense against a sinister seductress who levels the toughest challenge yet to the MIBs untarnished mission statement: protecting the earth from the scum of the universe. It's been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions. And now it's a race against the clock as Jay must convince Kay-who not only has absolutely no memory of his time spent with the Men In Black, but is also the only living person left with the expertise to save the galaxy-to reunite with the MIB before the earth submits to ultimate destruction. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In 1978, a race of aliens came to Earth and asked the MIB to help protect their greatest treasure which they call "the Light" which is a source of awesome power. But it's not in their mandate to do that so they tell them they can't and send them away. But in the present day, Serleeena an alien who wants the light comes to Earth because she suspects that the MIB did hide it. So she goes to MIB headquarters and takes it over. Zed tells J, that he has to get K who was the one who dealt with the aliens in 1978, to come back. But problem is that K's memory has been erased so when J tells him, he doesn't believe him but J eventually convinces him. So they head back so that he could be deneuralized but since Serleena took over the HQ where the deneuralizer is, they have to find another one. They eventually do and restore his memory but problem is K doesn't remember what happened to the light. But because of some clues K planted, they try to figure out what happened to the light. rcs0411@yahoo.com Five long years have passed since the retirement and neuralyzation of Agent K, and now, the mysterious death of a harmless alien calls for the help of Agent J and his unstable new partner. In the meantime--as the Kylothian shape-shifting alien, Serleena, and her double-headed minion are in search of the enigmatic Light of Zartha--inevitably, the Agency will have no other choice but to reverse K's neuralyzation, in high hopes of solving this baffling conundrum. However, once more, time is against them--and what is even more disheartening--the dangerously seductive Serleena is after them, using a powerless human as leverage. Will the agents manage to find the Light of Zartha and save the earth, again? Nick Riganas It has been four years since the alien-seeking agents averted an intergalactic disaster of epic proportions. Kay has since returned to the comforts of civilian life while Jay continues to work for the Men in Black, the highly funded yet unofficial government agency that regulates all things alien on earth. While investigating a seemingly routine crime, Jay uncovers a diabolical plot masterminded by Serleena, an evil Kylothian monster who disguises herself as a sexy lingerie model. It's a race against the clock as Jay must convince Kay--who not only has no memory of his time spent with the agency, but is also the only person alive who has the expertise to save the galaxy--to reunite with the MIB before Earth is destroyed completely. Sujit R. Varma Kay and Jay are back in black as the scum-fighting super-agents - regulators of all things alien on planet Earth. Their latest mission: to save the world from a total intergalactic disaster. When a renegade Kylothian monster disguised as a lingerie model threatens the survival of the human race, the boys of the MIB get the call to step up and get busy. With their headquarters under siege and time running out, Agents Kay and Jay enlist the help of Frank the Pug and a posse of hard-living worms to help them kick some seriously sexy alien butt. Official DVD cover Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Columbia torch buzzes then flashes like a neuralizer. A video shows Mysteries in History: Episode 27 -- Men in Black (the host: Peter Graves narrates): "Although no one has been able to prove their existence, a quasi-government agency known as the Men in Black supposedly carries out secret operations here on Earth in order to keep us safe from aliens throughout the galaxies. Here is one of their stories that (making quotations marks with his fingers) 'never happened', from one of their files that doesn't exist." Crude props and effects accompany the story: "1978. Leaders of Zartha flee their planet in order to escape the clutches of the evil Kylothian Serleena." (Serleena is represented by a jumbled mass of hoses). "Arriving on Earth, the Zarthans bring with them their greatest treasure -- the Light of Zartha -- a cosmic force so powerful, that, in the wrong hands, it could spell the annihilation of Zartha. The Zarthans' princess, Lauranna ( Paige Brooks ), beseeched the Men in Black to hide the Light from Serleena. But they had no choice. Intervention would have meant the destruction of the Earth." (Serleena's space ship lands. It looks like an 8-ft tall metal ice cream drumstick with three landing legs.) "However, in an act of galactic bravery, the Men in Black subdued Serleena, allowing the Zarthans to escape so they might hide the Light on another planet. Serleena, released from her captors, vowed that the Light would be hers, and that she would destroy any planet that stood in her way." (The reenactment ends.) Peter Graves finishes: "And so, never knowing what happened, the people of Earth were once again saved by a secret society of protectors known as the Men in Black." Over the opening credits, Serleena's space ship flies through space, destroying planets it passes. It finally reaches Earth in July 2002. A dog in New York Central Park barks at the sky. The dog runs and gets away from the owner. Serleena's ship crash-lands in Central Park. The landing legs protrude and then extend to upright the ship. Out of the bottom opening, a tiny creature (Serleena) ejects onto the ground. The dog catches up to the ship (which is only a few inches tall) and barks at the creature, which looks like a strange mouthless serpent. The serpent's head opens up and roars loudly, scaring the dog away. The serpent slithers across the ground, coming across a magazine. Wind blows the pages open to an ad for Victoria's Secret; the female model wears black lingerie. The head opens wide and then hundreds of serpents come out, screeching and shrieking, forming a full-sized replica of the model in the magazine ( Lara Flynn Boyle ). Immediately after Serleena fully forms, a rapist dressed in leather grabs her and holds a knife to her neck. He licks her and tells her that she tastes good, and then drags her to a nearby bush. Hidden from view, Serleena roars and eats the man, his legs visible as she eats him upside down. Serleena says, "Yeah, you too." She walks back from the bush, her stuffed stomach sloshing and gurgling, and then looks at the ad again. She growls then walks back to the bush and vomits the rapist, then comes back out slim again, carrying his clothing, then walks away. Men in Black (MiB) Agent J, "Jay", ( Will Smith ) and his latest partner, Agent T, "Tee", ( Patrick Warburton ), encounter a flower protruding from a sidewalk grating. Jay tells Tee, "Nothing fancy, no heroics, by the book this time." Tee replies, "Got it," then kicks the flower. Jay talks into the grating, telling "Jeff" that they're wondering what he's doing here. Tee kicks the flower again, and Jay looks at him, irritated. Jay continues his rebuke of Jeff, reiterating their arrangement: as long as Jeff stays within the "E", "F", and "R" subway lines, he can eat all the inorganic matter he wants. Tee grabs the flower and pulls on it, asking "worm boy" what he's doing. The grating shakes and Jay tries to calm Jeff. Jeff, a giant worm hundreds of feet long, bursts through the grating. Jeff takes Tee screaming with it into the air, holding onto the flower on its head. As Jeff takes Tee up, Jay apologizes to Jeff for his partner, who is "new and kind of stupid." Jeff throws Tee onto the ground, and then withdraws back into the hole. Jeff's tail bursts out of the ground nearby and knocks Jay screaming into a fruit stand. Jay jumps into the first hole, landing on Jeff as it speeds through a subway tunnel. Jay bumps his head on the overhead, and then holds onto the flower. Jay's head knocks into some passing overhanging metal, and then he injects Jeff with the tranquilizer. After dodging more overhanging metal and some signals he pokes his hand and bumps his head again. Commuters are waiting by a station. They watch a subway train pass by, then watch Jeff pass by shrieking the other direction with Jay yelling. The commuters look back at their phones, magazines, and newspapers as if nothing abnormal happened. Jay has the hypo ready and raises it up to inject Jeff again, but it throws him screaming through the window of the subway car up ahead. Jay gets up and shows his MiB ID card to the passengers, telling them that he's from the Transit Authority. He tells them to move to the forward car because "there's a bug in the electrical system," but no one even notices him. Jay repeats his request, telling them that there's a bug in the electrical system, then looks back. On cue, Jeff takes a bite out of the rear of the subway car, then the passengers scream and run to the forward car. Jay sarcastically tells them to sit down because it's only a 600-foot worm. Jeff takes another bite of the subway car. Jay tells the motorman, Capt. Larry Bridgewater ( Peter Spellos ), to "put the hammer down," but he tells Jay that he decides what happens on the train. Jeff then takes a bite out of that subway car, and Capt. Bridgewater rushes to the control console. Jay walks to the rear of the subway car and threatens Jeff with his blaster, so Jeff closes its mouth and stops chasing them. Sparking as metal drags the ground, the shredded subway car limps into the 81st Street Station. Jay announces the arrival to the passengers. He steps out and zaps the passengers with his neuralizer, then sarcastically thanks them for participating in New York City's drill; had it been an actual emergency, they would have been eaten. He then lectures them about not listening, being ignorant and "seeing it all," and ignoring his request to move to the next car. They recover, and Jay zaps them with the neuralizer again. He thanks them for participating in a drill, and hopes they enjoy the new smaller, more energy efficient subway cars. Jay walks away and zaps the motorman too. Jay calls MiB headquarters to secure the perimeter and to send a clean up crew to 81st and Central Park West. He then orders MiB to revoke Jeff's movement privileges immediately and escort him back to the Chamber St. station. He finally requests a check of the expiration date on the unipod worm tranquilizer. When he climbs the stairs out of the station, he tells two men that the station is closed for a drill; they become indignant. Jay says, "You're welcome." Jay sits on a bench and Tee comes back to sit with him. Tee knows that he didn't go "by the book." Jay asks him when he last looked at the stars, and if he ever felt alone in the universe. Tee isn't much for conversation. Finally Jay takes Tee to eat some pie. Scrad ( Johnny Knoxville ), a two-headed humanoid alien, returns to his place after a night on the town. His other head grows out of his back on a tentacle -- it's his smaller twin Charlie ( Johnny Knoxville ) whom he keeps in a backpack; both are equally stupid. Scrad is scolding Charlie for "talking behind my back" and chasing away a woman at a bar. Scrad turns around and sees Serleena, but doesn't recognize her. Charlie tries his pick-up line on her. Serleena strangles them with her serpent tentacles, and Scrad finally recognizes her. She tells him that she got his message, and asks where the Light is. Charlie wants $50 million to tell her, but Serleena puts tentacles through their ears and noses. Scrad tells her that although they couldn't find the Light, they tracked it to a guy who might know where it is; he runs a pizza parlor on Spring St. They all leave. Jay and Tee eat pie at the Empire Diner. It has a flying saucer sticking out of the roof, as if it crashed. Tee starts blubbering because he knows that Jay's going to neuralize him. Jay tells him to stop making a scene, and then asks him why he joined MiB. Tee replies that after six years in the Marines, he likes to serve, likes the action, and likes to protect the planet. Jay tells him that since he likes being a hero, he joined the wrong organization. Jay asks Tee if he heard of James Edwards (himself), but Tee says no. Jay says that he saved the lives of 85 people on the subway, but no one knows that he exists; therefore, how can anyone ever love him. Tee sobs loudly some more. Jay zaps Tee with the neuralizer. Jay tells Tee to get married and have a bunch of kids. As Jay leaves, he tells a waitress that his buddy is kind of shy, but thinks that she is hot. The waitress and Tee smile at each other. At Famous Ben's Pizza of Soho, Ben ( Jack Kehler ) (Laura's boss) presents Laura Vasquez ( Rosario Dawson ) with the "Employee of the Month" plaque on the wall. She gets a case of Mountain Dew from the basement. When she returns to the parlor, Serleena is holding Ben in the air, and is demanding that he give her information about the Light of Zartha. Ben claims that he doesn't know anything. Laura calls on the phone to report a robbery, then the back door pops open. Serleena repeatedly orders the dense Scrad to check on the door, so Laura hides under the counter. Scrad reports that the wind blew the door open. Serleena tells Ben that although she traveled the universe for 25 years looking for the Light, it never left Earth; they (the Zarthans) kept it on Earth. Ben still claims that he doesn't know what she's talking about. Laura peeks over the counter. Serleena tells Ben that even though they hid the Light, she will find it, and then Zartha will be theirs (the Kylothians). Ben finally answers in a deep alien voice that she's too late; at midnight the Light will leave the 3rd planet and be back home. Serleena growls then slashes him with a tentacle, splitting him in two and killing him, and his skin (a rubber-like suit) falls to the floor. Charlie complains that Ben is dead, and they didn't get any information from him. Serleena reminds the idiot that Ben said "third planet." Serleena tells them that the Light is on Earth, and she knows who will tell her where it is. She takes a pan of pizza and they all leave. Laura cries silently while she sits on the floor behind the counter. Thunder rumbles then she looks up and it rains. Jay returns to MiB headquarters. The guard ( Alpheus Merchant ) wonders if Jay ever goes home and remarks that he neuralized another partner. When he goes to the customs bay, Jay immediately gives orders to various personnel how to do their jobs. He finally asks why a dead Tricrainasloph is going through passport control. (It looks like a giant pink blob with many tentacles.) Several men are trying to move it, including using a pallet jack. Jay goes to Zed's office, and Zed ( Rip Torn ) congratulates him on his work at the subway. Jay asks Zed what he has for him. Zed replies that others work at MiB too and can handle it. Jay asks again, but Zed refuses again. Jay tells Zed that he'll be in the gym if Zed needs him, so Zed finally tells him about the killing at the pizza parlor. Zed tells Jay to take Tee with him and make a report. Jay tries to tell Zed about Tee, but Frank (the alien talking pug) (voiced by Tim Blaney ) comes in and interrupts them. Zed tells Jay to stop neuralizing MiB personnel, but Jay says that Tee was crying in the diner. Jay adds that Elle (Dr. Laurel Weaver, Linda Fiorentino , seen in Men in Black (1997) ) doesn't count, because she wanted to go back to the morgue. Zed tells Jay that he needs a partner and Frank volunteers. In the garage, Frank, wearing a black suit, runs to keep up with Jay. Jay makes him remove the suit. Frank then talks endlessly as Jay brings his car out with a remote: a black 2003 Mercedes-Benz E-Class W211. A man (later revealed as the automatic pilot) is at the wheel. Jay drives down the street, and Frank hangs his head out the window while singing the song "I Will Survive". Jay makes Frank come back inside the car, but he hums the song instead. Finally Jay makes him be quiet. When they reach Famous Ben's Pizza, Frank wants to do the "good cop/bad cop" routine, but Jay tells him to just shut up. Jay meets two MiB agents in the parlor, who tell him that there's a phosphorous residue on the wall and floor, which they sent to MiB for analysis. Frank makes a joke about Ben, still on the floor: "Zero percent body fat." The two MiB agents laugh but stop when Jay stares at them. They tell Jay that there was a witness, Laura Vasquez, whose name they wrote on a napkin. The napkin shows a pizza slice pointing at the Statue of Liberty, whose torch points at a star in the sky. Another MiB agent in the kitchen is questioning Laura, who wants answers of her own. Jay goes to the kitchen to handle it, but makes Frank stay there and "sniff around." The agent in the kitchen is telling Laura that everything will be all right, but Jay counters that and makes him leave. When she describes what she saw, Jay tells her that Ben's skin isn't really skin, but is a protoplasma polymer chemically similar to material used in baseball card gum. He then takes her to eat pie. At Empire Diner, Laura tells Jay that Serleena kept asking Ben about a light, the Light of Zartha. He asks her if she's OK, but she sarcastically tells him that an hour ago a man she's known her entire life vanished in front of her eyes because of a woman with things coming out of her fingers and a two-headed guy with the "IQ of a cannoli", but everything is OK. Laura says that she knows what she saw, and asks Jay what she's supposed to believe. He tells her that he's a member of a secret organization that polices and monitors alien activity on Planet Earth; Ben was an alien, and so were the people who killed him. Jay says that he doesn't know why they killed Ben, but he will find out. Jay pulls out his neuralizer and points it at her, and she expects that he'll kill her. He tells her that it will flash and put everything back the way it was before. She wonders that after he "flashes" her, if she'll know it's him if she sees him again. He replies that he'll see her but she won't see him. He points the neuralizer at her, but she tells him that it must be hard and lonely. A bicycle bell rings, and Jay looks out the window to see two people riding a tandem bicycle again, their clothing and the bike covered with lights (as seen in Men in Black (1997) ). One of Jay's devices beeps, and he puts away the neuralizer. She asks about the "flashy thing", and he tells her that he'll flash her some other time. Jay goes outside and finds Frank in the car barking rhythmically to the song, "Who Let the Dogs Out" (by Baha Men). Jay turns off the radio and then gets in and starts the car. Frank asks Jay if he told the girl that he loves her, but he replies that she's just a witness to a crime. Frank knows that Jay is attracted to her, but Jay refuses to take his advice. Jay and Frank arrive at the park where Serleena landed and killed the rapist. Many MiB personnel are there and have secured the area. When Jay and Frank get out, Frank tries to act important, telling everyone that he's Agent Eff, Agent Jay's new partner. An agent laughs at Frank, so Frank attacks him. Jay goes inside a tent and finds Serleena's spaceship, then calls Zed on a communicator, which looks like a cross between a videophone, a Game Boy, and a PDA. Jay tells Zed that the space ship is Kylothian, Class "C". Zed replies that it's Serleena's. Jay tells Zed that the witness said that the perps were looking for the Light of (Zed finishes) Zartha. Zed replies that it doesn't make sense, because the Light is not on Earth; they took care of that a long time ago. Jay retorts that obviously they didn't. Zed tells Jay that it's very bad news; 25 years ago the Zarthans came to Earth to hide the Light from Serleena. Jay says that they don't do that. Zed replies that it's why he ordered it off the planet. Jay asks Zed if he's sure the Light isn't still here, because of the Kylothian ship in the park. Zed replies that he's positive, because his best agent carried it out, just as if he ordered Jay to do it. Jay says that they should ask the agent, but Zed replies that they can't -- he's "dead" -- he works at the Post Office. Jay is shocked. Zed tells him that if Serleena gets to Kay before they do, he's dead; Earth's existence may depend on Kay's knowledge, but Jay wiped out Kay's memory of it. Zed orders Jay to bring Kay in. Jay and Frank go to retrieve Kay. Frank rambles on about how cool it is to get the great agent Kay, Jay's mentor. They arrive at the small town of Truro, Massachusetts, and Jay tells Frank to stay in the car. Inside the post office, Kay grins when he sees that the former Agent Kay, Kevin Brown ( Tommy Lee Jones ), is now the postmaster. Kevin is reminding customers to properly wrap their packages. Jay walks up and addresses Kevin as Kay, but he replies, "C, Express Mail, two-day air." Jay tells Kevin that although he doesn't remember Jay, they used to work together. Kevin replies that he never worked in a funeral home and asks "slick" how he can help him. Jay tells him that Kay is a former agent of a top-secret organization that monitors extraterrestrials on Earth; they are the Men in Black, have a situation, and need his help. Kevin tells him to go to the free mental health clinic. Kevin calls the next customer, a girl ( Chloe Sonnenfeld ) who wants to buy some "Rugrats" stamps. Jay picks up the girl and sets her back in line. He tells Kevin that there was no coma; it was a cover up. Kevin orders him to leave, but Jay calls him Kay again. Kevin walks to the back office and Jay follows him in. Kevin informs the postal employees that they've had a breach, then orders them to cordon off the area and do a full wipe down, and to escort nonessential civilian personnel off the site (acting like he still works at MiB). As Kevin looks on, Jay researches one of the employees on his communicator. Jay speaks to him in an alien language that sounds like beatboxing. The man ( Biz Markie responds in the alien language. All the other employees (including one that looks like Howard Stern ) stop work to observe the conversation. Kevin looks around in disbelief as the other employees reveal themselves to be aliens too. Jay tells Kevin that the reason why he's so comfortable there is that just about everybody who works in the Post Office is an alien. Jay opens the mail-sorting machine, revealing a eight-armed alien ( Jeremy Howard ) instead of machinery. (The song "Speed Demon" plays.) Kevin removes the alien's cigarette and tells him, "No smoking." When Kevin gets back up, the alien puts another cigarette in his mouth and continues sorting mail. Jay catches up to Kevin, who is trying unsuccessfully to start his Jeep. Kevin tells him that in Las Vegas he and his wife saw Siegfried and Roy fly a white tiger around a room; Jay's act is nothing special. Jay responds that when Kevin looks up at the stars he feels like he doesn't know who he is, like he knows more about what's going on out there than down here. Jay tells him that it's why his wife left him and Kevin punches Jay in the nose. Jay tells Kevin that if he wants to know who he really is, to come ride with him; otherwise he can give people their TV Guides. Kevin gets in the car and tells Jay that he's just going for a ride; if things don't add up he will leave. Frank asks Kevin, "How's it hanging," but he just stares at the dog. At MiB headquarters, the guard greets Kay, but he doesn't recognize the guard. In the main bay, two men and a flying device greet Kay. Agent Gee ( Sid Hillman ) is awestruck by Kay, "the legend, the most respected agent in the history of MiB, the most feared human in the universe -- in the flesh." He goes to get coffee for Kay, but runs away before Jay can give him his coffee request. Michael Jackson ( Michael Jackson ) calls Zed from amongst a flock of penguins in Antarctica. He reports that the Drolocks are gone and the treaty is signed. Zed tells him that it's good work. He asks Zed about the position at MiB that Zed promised him, but Zed replies that they're still working on the alien Affirmative Action program. He tells Zed that he wants to be Agent M, but Zed hangs up. Zed greets Kay and tells him that the Earth might be in trouble and he's the only one who can save it. Kay starts quoting the Post Office motto ("Neither rain nor sleet nor snow..."). Zed tells Jay to get Kay armed, up to speed, and to deneuralization. As Jay and Kay leave, Zed makes Frank stay behind because he needs Jay and Kay together on this assignment. Zed tells Frank that he's looking for a new assistant; although it's not fieldwork, it provides better dental coverage. Frank smiles appreciatively, showing his bad teeth. Jay takes Kay into the tech unit, which holds the most advanced technologies from all over the universe. Kay sees a blue globe on a stand and sticks a finger in the globe. The globe is actually a miniature planet full of tiny aliens, who scream at the finger coming from the sky and run away. Jay hears the screams and tells Kay not to touch it; he quickly removes his finger and says that he didn't do anything. Jay tells Kay to put his hands in his pockets. Jay opens the armory and gives Kay his "favorite weapon": the Noisy Cricket (the same weapon Kay issued Jay in Men in Black (1997) ). Jay then takes Kay to put on the last suit he'll ever wear -- again. After Kay gets his suit, Jay takes Kay to a room with plain white walls. The deneuralizer hangs from the ceiling over a hole in the middle of the floor. Jay explains its operation to Kay: "In a few moments, transverse magneto energy will surge through your brain, unlocking information hidden deep and dormant that could hold the key to Earths very survival." Kay points to the deneuralizer (which is the only thing in the room) and asks what it is. Jay replies that it's the deneuralizer, then he sighs. At Earth customs, Scrad/Charlie wait while a customs agent ( Peter Spruyt ) asks for Serleena's name and planet of origin. She replies, "Sylona Gorth. Planet Gorn. Kaluth system." When the agent asks if she has any fruits or vegetables, she motions to Scrad/Charlie and replies, "Yeah, two heads of cabbage." The agent asks for her reason of visit, and she replies that it's for education, that she wants to learn how to be an underwear model. She unzips her vest and flashes her bra at the agent. Scrad/Charlie faint; Charlie recovers and yells for help, then attempts CPR on Scrad. Other MiB agents, who were watching Martha Stewart ( Martha Stewart ) on the big screen TV, run over to help. Serleena shoots her tentacles out and snares the agent who was waiting on her. The alarm sounds and a female voice announces "Lockdown. Code 101." on the P.A. system. When Frank hears the alarm he hides behind the tentacles of the dead Tricrainasloph, which has been stuffed into a corner. Serleena subdues the rest of the MiB agents with her tentacles. Jay hears the alarm and tells Kay that there is a breach, and that they're being firewalled and flushed. He helps Kay out of the deneuralizer before it starts. Jay tells Kay that being flushed is like going to a water park, but Kay doesn't know if he ever went to one. There is a loud flushing noise, then blue liquid floods the room. The overhead view shows that the room is shaped like a giant toilet bowl, complete with a seat (and the deneuralizer has retracted). The water swirls through the drain hole, taking Kay and Jay with it. They shoot through clear tubes and end up in two metal capsules in Times Square. The capsule doors open and the water pours out. Jay jokes with Kay, telling him that when Kay was an agent he loved to be flushed. He tells Kay not quit on him. Kay responds with, "I save the world, you tell me why I stare at the stars." Jay brings his car to the curb with the remote. He presses a button on the remote, and the automatic pilot gets sucked into the steering wheel. Kay asks if it's standard, and Jay replies that it came with a Black dude, but he kept getting pulled over. Serleena has stuffed the MiB agents in some offices, subdued by her writhing tentacles. As she walks away, she remarks that she could rule this silly little planet with the right set of mammary glands. While driving, Kay brings up MiB surveillance on the computer, which shows that MiB is deserted -- lockdown. He calls Frank on the communicator. Frank tells Jay that some "hot-looking biker chick" did it. Jay tells Frank to stay where he is, and that he'll keep in touch. Serleena asks Scrad/Charlie if they found Kay. They reply that he's a civilian; he was here to be deneuralized because his memory was erased, but he's gone. They assure Serleena that they will find Kay. Kay finds an old photo of himself in his coat pocket and shows it to Jay. It's the left half of a picture that was cut off, and Kay is smiling and pointing to his right. They both wonder what is means. Kay asks Jay if there is another deneuralizer besides the one at MiB. Jay replies that it's the only official one; the plans leaked out on the Internet a few years ago. Jay finds one for sale on eBay by Jack Jeebs (whom they went to in Men in Black (1997) ). Jay and Kay arrive at Jeebs' pawnshop at night. Jeebs ( Tony Shalhoub ) greets Jay enthusiastically but is surprised to see Kay, because he thought Kay was retired. Jay tells Jeebs that they need the deneuralizer, but he looks at Kay and asks if Kay remembers him. Kay replies that he doesn't, that he's pretty good with faces, and would remember that (pointing to Jeebs nose). Jeebs laughs because Kay is "a neutral." Kay tells Jeebs that he's in the way of his memories, and asks Jeebs if he has the deneuralizer. Jeebs says that he doesn't have it. After a stare down by Kay and Jay, Jeebs remarks that even if he did have it, Jay would blow his head off if it doesn't work and Kay dies, and Kay would blow his head if it works. Jay holds a fission carbonizer to Jeebs' head, so he takes them downstairs to the deneuralizer. Serleena has released MiB's alien prisoners, "the scum of the universe", to help her get Kay: a guy with a funny chin and wearing a scarf; a White guy; a bald guy with pointy ears, a misshapen nose, and tendrils on his face; and a Black Guy. She tells them that she needs the Light of Zartha and Kay knows where it is; whoever brings Kay to her gets Earth. She tells Scrad/Charlie to find a deneuralizer because Kay needs it to get his memories back. She then greets Jarra ( John Alexander ), a very tall alien, who glides forward to meet her. Kay is seated and strapped down in the deneuralizer and Jeebs is giving him safety instructions. Jeebs sticks a tube in Kay's mouth. Jeebs delays by asking Kay irrelevant questions, but Jay shouts at him so he starts the deneuralizer (with an outboard motor). Jeebs tells Jay that he only used the deneuralizer once, to make hot air popcorn with the exhaust. Clamps come down against Kay's head. A strobe light flashes in Kay's face and a large fan spins above the chair, then the chair shakes. Jeebs presses a key on the keyboard, then some eggbeaters spin and a bowling ball goes down a ramp around the deneuralizer chair. A alarm sounds and flashes, then the deneuralizer stops, then all the power there and in New York City goes out. After a few seconds, the power comes back on and the deneuralizer starts back up. The chair shakes violently then tilts back, then ejects Kay gasping (with the seat back) onto the floor. Jay and Jeebs lean over Kay to check on him, and then Kay blows off Jeebs' head with the Noisy Cricket. Jay thinks that Kay is "back", but he says that he's not. Jay asks him how he knew that Jeebs' head would grow back, but he didn't know that it would. As his head grows back, Jeebs says that it's the last time he helps out a friend. Jay asks Kay if he remembers anything, but he just says goodbye. As Kay rushes up the stairs, Jeebs tells him that that he never got the updated software for the deneuralizer, and that Kay's brain needs to reboot. Jeebs apologizes to Jay, and hopes that it doesn't affect their friendship, "all those years of loyalty and trust, respect for one another." Immediately afterwards, Serleena's henchmen break through the walls, and Jeebs directs them to Jay. They shoot at Jay then ask for Kay, but Jay shoots Jeebs' head then tells them that Kay retired and he's his replacement. The alien with face tendrils jumps through the ceiling and they subdue Jay, throwing him to the floor. Scrad asks Jay where Kay is, but Jay feigns ignorance. The White alien grabs Jay but Jay punches his face, knocking the mask off. The alien looks like the Creature from the Black Lagoon with a lumpy face & head (Corn Face) ( Michael Garvey ). Jay tells him that he looks like crap, then another alien laughs (the one that looks like a dog with a poop-covered head) (Dog Poop) ( Sonny Tipton ). Jay corrects himself, saying that that the other alien looks like crap. The Black alien orders that they "bend him." Corn Face picks up Jay over his head and starts "bending" him. Kay walks outside and looks around. He sees: the two lighted guys on the tandem bike; a homeless man pushing a shopping cart, with a crab-like creature with lights for eyes peeking out from under a blanket; two hookers dressed for Halloween; and a USPS mail carrier with a tail hanging out from his shorts. Kay then sees a cockroach crawling on the ground and goes to step on it, but he changes his mind. The roach thanks him. Kay looks up at the stars for a while, and then finally smiles. Corn Face is still "bending" Jay. Scrad tells the thugs that he thinks Jay is telling the truth, so Corn Face says that he's no good to them. Kay comes in and shoots Dog Poop and Corn Face. He defeats the other thugs using Jay's advice on their weaknesses. The Black guy is Pineal Eye ( Kevin Grevioux ); Kay removes the hat and pokes his eye. The alien with tendrils on his face is Mosh Tendrils ( Derek Mears ); Kay pulls his tendrils and slingshots him into the ceiling. When Kay kicks the last thug between the legs, it makes a metallic clank. Jay tells Kay that he's a Ball-Chinnean ( Michael Dahlen ); Kay pulls down his scarf, revealing testicles, and kicks them, knocking him out. Kay has his memory back and is Jay's partner again. Jay asks Kay what's going on, and what is the Light of Zartha, but Kay doesn't know. Outside, Jay asks Kay why he doesn't remember what the Light of Zartha is. He replies that he must have neuralized himself to keep the information from himself. Kay goes to the driver's side of Jay's car, telling Jay that he always does the driving. Pointing to Kay and himself, Jay replies that Kay and his car are old and busted, and Jay and his car are new hotness. Kay stares at Jay until he gives him the remote. At MiB, Serleena is holding Zed in the air with her tentacles. She releases her tentacles and he falls to the floor, then she kicks him. She tells him that they both need the same thing, and then she kicks him again, knocking him into his chair. She shoves Zed's cell phone to him, but he refuses to bring Kay in. She reminds him that the Light will self-destruct if it's not off the Earth by midnight, annihilating the planet. She tells him that they can both lose or both win, because he doesn't want the Light on Earth any more than she does. Zed dials his phone and hands it to her, telling her that she wins. Michael Jackson answers, still asking Zed if he could be Agent M. Zed knocks Serleena over the head with his lamp then jumps and flips over her. He kicks her in the face several times, but nothing fazes her. She knocks him to the floor with a tentacle, then kicks him in the face and knocks him out. She then notices a tentacle of the dead Tricrainasloph move. Jay tells Kay what the fastest way to MiB is but he passes it. Jay tells him that they need to go to MiB because headquarters has been breached; they have to "bust in there, and peel some caps, and split some wigs up in that joint." Kay replies that he's not ready. Jay says that Kay's been gone for five years, which is a long time in this game; he understands if Kay is scared, because he is too. Kay replies that he's not scared, so Jay says that neither is he; he thought they were bonding. Kay tells him that after five years, he's still acting like a rookie by talking about splitting wigs and stepping on caps; it's no wonder Zed brought him back. Jay counters that Zed brought Kay back because he messed up. Kay says that Jay's attitude is creating a very stressful work environment. Jay says that MiB has a stressful work environment. Kay says that Serleena thinks that Kay knows where the Light is, so she broke into MiB to lure him back. Jay adds that it's a trap -- which is why they shouldn't bust into MiB. They go to the "scene of the crime": Famous Ben's pizza. Jay tells Kay that he's going to talk to the witness. Kay wonders why he didn't neuralize her, according to MiB procedures, which he quotes. Laura swings a pizza tray at Kay, but he ducks and she hits Jay's face instead. Jay introduces Kay to her. She thanks Jay for sending some agents to watch her last night. Kay rebukes Jay again, quoting MiB procedures. Jay talks about the crime, then Kay notices a photo of Ben holding a large fish. The clouds over the fish were removed, as if done by Photoshop. Jay takes Kay's picture and places it over the photo, matching it perfectly. Jay notices that Kay left himself clues. Kay is pointing at something, so Jay puts his head against the wall (bumping a green key & key ring hanging on the wall), and follows the direction across the room. Kay sees the key and sighs, and tries to stop Jay. Jay reaches a photo on the wall of an astronaut pointing, and repeats his procedure. Kay just shakes his head in disappointment. Jay reaches some pizza boxes stacked on their corners, and wonders who would stack pizza boxes like that. He deduces that the stacker was leaving clues, and that the pizza slice is an arrow. The camera zooms in on the photo then on the key, which is labeled "GCT". Kay again tries to stop Jay, but he says that Kay is slowing him down. Jay finally reaches a steel cabinet and takes out a can of anchovy fillets in virgin olive oil. Kay shakes the key and tells Jay that he hopes he's not slowing Jay down. Kay pulls out his deneuralizer but Jay stops him, saying that Laura could be important to him -- to them, and could help them later. Kay puts away his deneuralizer but says that she can't stay there because they (the aliens) will be back, then he walks out. Jay takes her to stay with some of his "friends". Jay takes Laura to the Worms' place, a large suite with a low ceiling, and he bumps his head. Jay tells them that MiB is Code 101, and introduces Laura. He stops their catcalls and apologizes for them, but Laura replies that she's dated worse. Jay tells her that the Worms are under suspension right now for stealing from the duty-free shop. Kay comes in and reminds Jay that the car is double-parked. Jay tells the Worms that Laura is very important to him, then adds to them (Jay and Kay), to the stuff they're doing. Kay then leaves. Jay asks them to watch Laura. They are very enthusiastic about it. Jay hands her his communicator in case she needs it and she kisses him. All the worms "wooo" and laugh. Jay tells her to watch out for Neeble, but has to ask them which one is Neeble; the Worm in the jacuzzi (voiced by Thom Fountain ) answers. Jay tells her that it's safe but not to fall asleep, then leaves. The worms start a game of Twister, and Laura smiles. Jay catches up to Kay and reviews Kay's plan because it confuses him: since Kay neuralized himself and erased his memory of the Light of Zartha, he left himself clues; the photo from an old suit points to a key in a pizzeria; the key opens a locker at Grand Central Terminal, which will give them another clue. Kay replies that it's right, because he likes to keep his enemies confused. Jay says that they're all confused. At Grand Central Terminal, Kay tells Jay not to slow him down, and then sends him to get them coffee while he opens the locker. Jay becomes indignant, but Kay says that he doesn't know what's in there and Jay could get hurt. Kay opens the locker, revealing hundreds of tiny aliens in a tiny town. The town is full of discarded ordinary items from Earth, plus miniature buildings from a department store. The aliens hail Kay, and then start to sing the Star Spangle Banner, with Kay's name inserted. Kay asks them if he left anything there. They say that he did: the timekeeper (Kay's watch) -- to illuminate their streets and their hearts. Kay takes back his watch from the clock tower and puts it on, and they panic. Jay takes off his watch and puts it on the clock tower, so they now hail Jay. Kay starts to close the locker, but they tell him that he forgot the commandments on the tablet. They chant, "The tablet! The tablet!" The mayor ( Peter Siragusa ), an alien that looks like Moses, says that they have lived by its word, and peace has reigned throughout their world; pass it onto others, that they too may be enlightened. The others chant: "Be kind. Rewind." Kay takes the "tablet", which is a business card from Tapeworm Video Store. The mayor tells Kay to go back and reconcile his past so that he can move tranquilly into his future. The others chant "Two for one, every Wednesday", then "Large adult entertainment section in the back." All the aliens then turn around and laugh and rush into a XXX "fun zone". Jay says that it's just nasty, and closes the locker. Jay asks Kay what the video card is for, but he doesn't know. Jay then asks Kay what the watch is for. Kay replies that it's to remind him that they have until midnight, which according to his watch is less than an hour away. Kay and Jay arrive at Tapeworm Video. Jay wants to stop chasing ridiculous clues. He wants to get a couple of fission carbonizers and take back headquarters, but Kay tells him that it's all about to make sense. He gives his card to the clerk ( Colombe Jacobsen-Derstine ), but she says that it hasn't been used in years, before she was born. Kay tells her that he's been away on business. Jay adds, "billions of frequent flier miles." The clerk says that it's hard to use them, and then rambles on about wanting to go to Cambodia, how you can get a lobster dinner for a dollar. Kay stops her, so she tells him that he never checked out a video, but reserved one and didn't pick it up. She calls her boyfriend Newton ( David Cross ), the manager, who comes back from the bathroom. He's paranoid about aliens. He tells Kay that he reserved "Episode 27: Light of Zartha", and tells Kay that they've got it. At MiB HQ, Serleena asks Jarra why he was locked up. He replies that Agent Jay caught him siphoning the Earth's ozone to sell it on the black market. She tells him that she needs a spacecraft that can go 300 times the speed of light. He tells her to give him Jay and it will be even. She agrees and gives him until midnight, and then he glides away. Serleena calls Gatbot, which looks like a steel cylindrical trash can, for a special job. Newton takes Kay and Jay upstairs to his bedroom, which he has devoted to aliens. He lives with his mother. Newton's girlfriend tells him that she wants to have his baby. His mother yells to him offering him mini pizza, and he offers some to Kay and Jay. They just stare at him. Newton yells back that they don't want any, then gets the videotape. Jay is relieved that they finally have some hard evidence. Newton starts rambling about aliens and anal probing, but Jay prods him to play the tape. As the video plays, Jay remarks that it looks like Spielberg's work. Newton starts saying the words along with the video, but Kay and Jay stare at him so he stops. When the video talks about the Keeper of the Light, Kay says softly," Lauranna," and Jay looks at him. Kay also says, "No. It was night... and it was raining." The scene changes to a black-and-white flashback of the way it actually happened. Serleena tells Kay, "You've been very wise." Ambassador Lauranna ( Linda Kim ) says, "Kay, please, if Serleena gets the light, it's the end of our world." Kay replies, "Madame Ambassador, if we extend the protection of the light beyond the Earth, we put the Earth itself in jeopardy. We have no choice. We must remain neutral." Serleena asks, "Where is it?" Kay replies, "We're neutral, remember? You want it, go get it." He uses his watch to launch a spaceship. Serleena shouts "No!" She shoots Lauranna, killing her, and then chases after the spaceship with her own spaceship. Kay bends over Lauranna, and then opens his hand to reveal a bracelet. Back in the present, Kay is crying silently as the video finishes: "And so, never knowing it happened, the people of Earth were once again saved by a secret society of protectors..." Kay turns off the video and says that he "shouldn't have." Jay deduces correctly that they didn't send the Light off the planet and hid it on Earth. Kay says, "The Worm Guys," and goes downstairs; he neuralizes Newton's mother. Newton recognizes the neuralizer just before Jay neuralizes Newton and his girlfriend. Jay tells Newton to get contacts instead of his glasses, then to take his girlfriend to Cambodia for a lobster dinner (and to pay more than a dollar); when he gets back from Cambodia he should move out his mom's house. Jay finishes with saying that there are no such things as aliens or Men in Black. Newton takes off his glasses and asks his girlfriend if she wants to go to Cambodia, and she agrees. Newton picks up a shovel as they go downstairs and he calls his mother. While Kay drives, Jay calls Laura on his communicator. She tells him that they (she and the worms) are playing Twister. Jay asks her if she's wearing a bracelet. She replies that she is. Kay asks her if it's glowing, and she replies that it never did that before. (The bracelet is the same one that Kay held in the flashback; the triangle shape on it is glowing now.) Jay tells her that they're on the way. Jay calls Frank and tells him to deactivate the lockdown because they're on the way to the worm guys and they found the Light. Frank is tied up and Serleena acknowledges in Frank's voice. Serleena leaves Frank and calls for Scrad. Frank mumbles, "Bitch." Kay asks Jay why he didn't tell Laura that he loved her. Kay knows that Jay is in love with her, which is why he didn't neuralize her; he got emotionally involved. Jay retorts that Kay did the same with Lauranna. Kay tells Jay that he (Kay) put Earth in danger because he got involved, and doesn't want to see Jay make his mistakes. Kay and Jay arrive at the Worm Guys' place; it's wrecked and the Worms are seriously injured. Jay asks them where Laura is. They reply that some dumb two-headed guy took her to MiB headquarters. Kay says that they (Serleena and the others) have the bracelet, and that there's only 39 minutes left, so Kay and Jay leave. The Worm Guys chase after them. Jay asks Kay why she took Laura if she has the bracelet. Kay replies that she also wants him (Kay). They go get some "wig-splitting" weapons. A man, his wife, and their daughter are watching Martha Stewart on TV. Kay and Jay barge into their apartment. Kay tells them that he used to live there and came to pick up a few things, then moves the thermostat control left and right and left quickly. The back wall of the living room slides up, revealing walls and cabinets full of weapons. Mannix the Worm (voiced by Brad Abrell ) remarks that it's a nice place. The Worm Guys, Jay, and Kay get some weapons. Kay closes the back wall with the thermostat then Jay neuralizes the family. Inside MiB headquarters, Jarra has completed constructing a spaceship; pieces of rockets and machinery litter the room. Laura is in the spaceship. A female voice announces on the P.A. that there's 4 minutes to launch. Jarra informs Serleena that her ship is ready, so she tells him to send it to Kyloth now. Outside MiB headquarters, Jay aims his weapon to shoot a hole in the building, but Kay tries to stop him. Jay fires anyway, and they get sucked in and lose their weapons. Kay rebukes Jay for shooting MiB because it's in Code 101 lockdown. A hot dog stand gets sucked in too, and the umbrella plugs up the hole. The guard calmly picks a hot dog off his suit and says that it's about time they got there, because "that pretty lady in there is causing all kinds of hell." He resumes reading The Weekly World News. The elevator opens to the MiB main bay, and Gatbot opens up, extending its rotary machine guns. It shoots the elevator full of holes, but Kay, Jay, and the Worms are hiding against the ceiling. Kay tells Jay to get to the launch pad on the roof; the bracelet shows the departure point. He also orders Jay not to come back for him. Kay hangs down and gives cover fire against Gatbot with his blasters while Jay runs to the other elevator, which leads to the roof. Kay then sends the worms through the elevator ceiling to shut off the power to the launch pad so that the spaceship can't take off. Gatbot enters the elevator and Kay throws a grenade down, and then jumps out of the elevator before the doors close and the grenade explodes. Serleena is waiting for him, and captures him with her tentacles. Jay reaches the spaceship, but Jarra blocks his way. Jarra has been locked up for 5 years and 42 days. Jarra drops his cloak to reveal that he's made up of four parts: one large flying ship and three smaller flying ships -- all with his head and torso, and metal tentacles hanging down. One of the smaller Jarras takes away Jay's blaster. Kay tells Serleena that he should have vaporized her when he had the chance. She remarks that he really loved Lauranna. She calls him a silly little man and sticks her tentacle tongue into his ear. Jay tries unsuccessfully to reach the larger Jarra because of the smaller ones. A female voice announces on the P.A. that there's two minutes to launch. Laura tells Jay to go and that she'll be fine, but Jay replies that he's winning. He tells Jarra that he's arresting him for being that ugly and making copies of himself. Jay picks up a scrap pipe and bats away one of the small Jarras, knocking it against a wall and destroying it. Another small Jarra takes Jay away and drops him, but he lands safely on some large clear tubing. The Worm Guys -- Mannix, Neeble, Sleeble (voiced by Greg Ballora ), and Gleeble (voiced by Carl J. Johnson ) -- walk down a passageway. They forgot Kay's instructions on where to shut off the power. Jay and the large Jarra charge at each other and collide, then Jarra takes Jay around the room. Jay punches a small Jarra and it hits a machine and gets destroyed. Jay covers large Jarra's eyes, then grabs the control lever, then large Jarra crashes into the remaining small Jarra, destroying them both. Jay jumps away in time and lands on the tubing. As Jay struggles to get off the tubing, a female voice announces on the P.A. that there's 30 seconds to launch. Jay finally gets off the tubing then turns off the countdown before it reaches zero. He releases Laura and tells her that he didn't leave her because he never runs out on a fight. Serleena has Kay in the air. She calls Kay an insignificant speck and tells him that he lost. She says that he wasted 25 years of her time for the complete and total annihilation of Zartha, because he went mushy. Kay tells her that she has one last chance to surrender. Serleena asks him how he can stop her, but Kay says that it's not him. Jay shoots her with a large weapon, telling her that her flight has been cancelled, and vaporizing her. Kay falls to the floor. Mannix lands in the control room and presses a random button, turning off all the power in MiB. Kay brings the car over with the remote. Jay tells Laura to give him the bracelet. She tells him that she's going with them, and Kay tells him that she should get in the car too. They drive away, revealing that Serleena was only stunned. The tiny creature sends out tentacles again. As they drive, Laura remarks that it's hard to believe that everyone is after her charm bracelet. Jay replies that she would be surprised how often it's something small like that. Kay tells him them that it's not the Light -- it shows the departure point; if they don't reach the departure point in 11 minutes & 15 seconds the bracelet will go nuclear and destroy all life on Earth. Suddenly Serleena rams the back of the car with her spaceship. Jay tries to stop him, but Kay presses the red button on the shift lever. The car transforms into a flying rocket car, slamming them against the seats. They fly through Times Square with Serleena chasing them. Jay tells Kay that the car is modified to hyper speed. Kay tells them to put on their seatbelts, but they don't. A handle-type steering wheel (with controls similar to that of a game console) comes out of the dash and Jay tells Kay that it's the navigational stalk; he has to use it during hyper speed. Kay grabs the navigational stalk and sends the car upside down; Jay and Laura didn't put on their seatbelts and fall to the ceiling. Serleena shoots the car several times as they fly over New York Harbor. Jay tells Kay how to use the controls and he rights the car; Laura and Jay fall onto the back seat. Jay climbs back into his seat and calls the worms at MiB. Frank and the Worm Guys are drinking martinis and smoking cigars, and Frank is telling them about one of his "chicks". Jay tells Frank to use the computer to lock onto Serleenas ship and destroy it. Serleena shoots the car, breaking the communication. Frank says that Jay was the best damn partner a Remoolian could ever have. Kay activates the automatic pilot, which pops up in front of him, but it doesn't work. Jay tells him that it doesn't operate at hyper speed and retracts the automatic pilot. Kay replies that he's used to a steering wheel, but Jay says that it's all they have. Jay asks Kay if his mother ever gave him a Game Boy, buy Kay asks what that is. Jay and Kay switch seats in mid flight. They fly into the subway with Serleena still shooting at them and she calls them idiots. Kay tells Jay that the subway is not the best place to lose her, but Jay shushes him and wonders where Jeff is. Kay asks who Jay is talking about and they see Jeff straight ahead. Jay lands the car at the last second and Serleena flies into Jeffs open mouth, who then chews and swallows her spaceship. The automatic pilot pops up in front of Jay. They land on the rooftop of a tall building. The car transforms back to normal and they get out. Jay tells Kay that they're running out of time and asks him where the Light is, and Kay says that Laura is the Light. Laura is incredulous. Kay tells her that she has a planet to save, but she replies that he has her confused with somebody else; she works part-time at a pizzeria. Kay tells her that two days ago he was running a post office in Truro, Massachusetts; you are who you are. While Kay explains Laura's purpose on Earth, Jay sees the triangular-shaped skylight, which matches the triangle shape on Laura's bracelet, and then pulls out the napkin from Famous Ben's Pizza. Kay is telling Laura that she is the Light; she's the leader of her people, their spirit and their hope; the power is within her to save the planet; "I protected you until it was your time. Your time is now. You were hidden on Earth 25 years ago to..." Jay looks at the Statue of Liberty then looks up and sees the star. "Kay continues: You are going to save a world. You know things before they happen." She replies that she can't; she's a Libra. Kay tells her that she is a Zarthan; when she gets sad it always seems to rain. She replies that lots of people get sad when it rains. Kay tells her that it rains because she's sad. The "star" emits a bright beam of light onto a large egg-shaped object on the roof, transforming it into a transport pod, and it opens up. Jay leans against the car dejectedly, and then he and Laura look sadly at each other. Even though they realize it's not fair, Jay and Laura accept her destiny. Suddenly Jeff bursts through the skylight, roaring and baring his teeth. Jay shouts at Jeff, saying that he's not in the mood for him, and orders him to get back in the subway. Jeff bursts apart, revealing a giant serpent: Serleena. As Kay takes Laura to the transport pod, Serleena shoots out tentacles toward Laura. Jay jumps in front of Laura, so the tentacles get him instead. Jay shouts at Laura that she has to go. Kay shoots at Serleena with his blaster and assures Laura that Jay is fine and does this all the time. As Jay struggles with the tentacles, he shouts at Laura that it's her destiny. Kay shoots at Serleena then tells Laura that if she doesn't go they will all die. He shoots at Serleena again without looking, and then tells Laura that she's just as beautiful as her mother. Laura gets into the transport pod and it closes. Kay shoots many times at Serleena and it finally retracts, releasing Jay. It rains in the transport pod as it takes her into the sky to the "star". Serleena flies after Laura, a giant face visible in the front of the tentacles, so Jay and Kay take two large weapons from the car's trunk. Kay thanks Jay for bringing him back. Jay asks Kay why he didn't tell him about Laura. Kay rhetorically asks if Jay would have let her go. They shoot at Serleena, hitting her/it just before she/it reaches the transport pod. Serleena explodes over the Statue of Liberty, creating a giant fireworks display lasting several seconds. Jay asks Kay what it's like on the outside, "you know, not doing this every day?" Kay answers, "It's nice. Sleep late on the weekends. Watch the weather channel." Kay sighs and says that he missed this city. The transport pod has disappeared into the "star" and the bright light fades. Jay asks Kay that if Laura is Princess Lauranna's daughter, did they...? (Jay surmises that Kay is Laura's father.) Kay ignores him and tells him that they have to go because MiB is a mess. They put the weapons back in the trunk. As they walk to the elevator, Jay asks Kay how they can go because thousands of people in New York and New Jersey just saw this event; they need a cool thought out plan. Kay puts on his sunglasses, prompting Jay to put on his. Kay presses a button on his watch, and then the torch on the Statue of Liberty buzzes and flashes: a giant neuralizer. Kay tells Jay that he'll get him trained yet. Jay gets jealous of Kay's watch. Back at MiB in the locker room, Kay sits down next to Jay, who is getting dressed. Kay tells Jay that they've all been there; the girl is gone and it hurts. He asks Jay if he wants to talk about it, because he can help. Jay replies, "No." Zed sits down opposite them and thinks that Jay is still sulking, but Jay says that he's not. Zed says that Jay misses her; it happens to all of them. Zed then starts talking about how he and his girlfriend were entwined in positions from the Kama Sutra, which grosses out Jay so he makes Zed stop. Frank comes in from the shower and tells Jay about "dames", about what they really want. Frank shakes off, forcing the others to stand. Frank asks Jay if he's "still sitting shiva." Jay tells Frank "No advice"; he tells Kay "No talking"; he tells Zed "Hell no." Jay swears that he's fine. He opens his locker; the tiny aliens are in it with their town, and they hail him; he quickly closes his locker. Kay tells Jay that he brought them over from Grand Central Terminal and put them in Jay's locker because he thought it would put things in perspective for Jay. Jay tells Kay that they need to let the aliens out of his locker so they will know that the world is a bigger place than that. Kay takes him to a black door marked: "DANGER! NO EXIT. DO NOT OPEN. NOT AN EXIT! UNAUTHORIZED USE WILL RESULT IN IMMEDIATE REVOCATION OF ALL M.I.B. ACCESS CLEARANCES. IN CASE OF EXTREME EMERGENCY DO NOT OPEN". Kay sighs and tells Jay that he's still a rookie. Kay kicks the door open, revealing to Jay and Frank a giant room full of aliens; their door is actually a door to a locker that contains Earth, among hundreds of lockers at an alien type of Grand Central Terminal. Will Smith sings "Black Suits Comin' (Nod Ya Head)" during the closing credits. written by Mu_Ve_Watchr_89. 
 Men in Black (1997)761) A police officer joins a secret organization that polices and monitors extraterrestrial interactions on Earth. Based off of the comic book. Unbeknownst to other people, there is a private agency code named MiB. This agency is some kind of extra terrestrial surveillance corporation. Then, one of the agency's finest men only going by the name "K" ( Tommy Lee Jones ) , is recruiting for a new addition to the agency. He has chosen James Edwards ( Will Smith ) of the N.Y.P.D. Then, one day, a flying saucer crashes into Earth. This was an alien a part of the "Bug" race. He takes the body of a farmer ( Vincent D'Onofrio ) and heads to New York. He is searching for a super energy source called "The Galaxy". Now, Agents J and K must stop the bug before it can escape with the galaxy. John Wiggins The adventures of two federal agent men Agent Kay ( Tommy Lee Jones ) and Agent Jay ( Will Smith ) also known as "The Men in Black," who keeps an eye on aliens in New York City must try to save the world after the aliens threaten to blow it up. Jay and Kay's mission is to foil the plot by tracking down the terrorist, thereby preventing the earth from being destroyed. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} They are the best-kept secret in the universe. Working for a highly funded yet unofficial government agency, Kay and Jay are the Men in Black, providers of immigration services and regulators of all things alien on Earth. While investigating a series of unregistered close encounters, the MIB agents uncover the deadly plot of an intergalactic terrorist who is on a mission to assassinate two ambassadors from opposing galaxies currently in residence in New York City. Jwelch5742 Living secretly in our planet by assuming human form, a plethora of extraterrestrial refugees of all shapes and colours peacefully coexist with the inhabitants of Manhattan; however, the rebellious and malevolent ones are kept under control by the secret government organisation called the Men in Black. Under those circumstances, the veteran Agent K and the agency's newest recruit, Agent J, will soon have their work cut out for them when an interplanetary visitor hatches an evil scheme to conquer the galaxy. But, can two men in black suits alone avert an impending disaster of global proportions? Nick Riganas In present-day America, Agent K ( Tommy Lee Jones ) is a member of an organization that has been keeping track of extra-terrestrial aliens on Earth for over 40 years. When K finds himself in need of a new partner ( Will Smith ), a brash NYPD detective, James Edwards fills the position, becoming Agent J. Armed with space-age technology (which J barely understands) and their razor-sharp wits, J and K investigate a newcomer who is bad news for Earth. David J. Gannon <dganno01@exch.eds.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A dragonfly flies over a road in the desert. It dodges a semi and some cars traveling down the road. Its luck runs out when it runs into the windshield of a van. The driver curses bugs and turns on the wipers to remove it. Several Hispanics are crowded into the back of the van. The van approaches a row of spotlights, and then the driver tells his passengers (in Spanish) to be quiet. It is a U.S. Border Patrol ambush. INS Agent Janus ( Fredric Lehne ) asks the driver, "Nick the Slick" ( Jon Gries ) where he's going and he replies, "Fishin' in Cuernavaca." They go to the back of the van to look at his "catch". Janus orders all the Hispanics (in Spanish) to get out and form a line. He then asks Nick how much he got for each illegal alien, and then says that he should save it for his lawyer. A black car drives up and two men get out dressed in black suits. The driver, Agent K, "Kay", ( Tommy Lee Jones ) identifies themselves as INS Division 6, which Janus never heard of. Kay asks his partner, Agent D, "Dee", ( Richard Hamilton ), whom he's got his money on, and he says that it's a tough call. Kay walks up to each illegal and cordially asks them questions (in Spanish) such as "How are you?", "Going to Nogales?", and "Looking for work?". He also tells them not to worry and welcomes them to the United States. When he reaches the last illegal, Kay confronts him, telling him (in Spanish) that he'll break his face and that he's very ugly, but the man just nods and grunts in agreement. Satisfied that the man doesn't speak any Spanish, Kay tells Dee that they have a winner, and tells the other illegals (in Spanish) that they can go. Janus tries to stop them, but Kay tells him that he doesn't know whom he's dealing with. The van drives away with all the illegals inside, except their "winner", and then Kay tells the INS agents to leave. Kay and Dee take the man away from the road and Kay tells the INS agents to keep protecting them from dangerous aliens. Another INS agent tells Janus that there is no Division 6. Kay bets the man that he's not from anywhere near there, and pulls out a switchblade. He cuts open the front of the man, revealing "Mikey", an extraterrestrial alien holding a fake human head. The alien roars and then speaks in his own language. Kay asks Mikey when they released him from jail. The alien complains, and Kay translates that he's a political refugee. Dee tells Mikey that he just violated seven treaties. Kay takes the head from Mikey, and then makes him raise his arms and flippers. Janus looks down from a hill and sees Mikey and then gasps. Mikey roars, pushes Dee down, and then charges at Janus. Kay tells Dee to shoot him, but Dee just fumbles with his gun. Like a deer frozen in car headlights, Janus stands petrified and screams even as Mikey leaps at him. Kay pulls out his gun and blasts Mikey dead, spraying blue guts all over Janus. Janus walks over to Kay and Dee in shock, stuttering as he tries to speak. The other INS agents rush over, and Kay assures them that everything is under control. A large black panel van pulls up. Several agents from a containment squad get out, holding flamethrowers and dressed in protective vinyl. Kay instructs them to perform a splay burn of the region to cover up any evidence of extraterrestrials. He then draws the INS agents' attention to a small device with a red strobe light; he says that it's a neuralizer, a gift from "some friends out of town", and that it will isolate memory impulses in their brains. As the INS agents lean forward for a better look, Janus asks Kay who he really is, and he tells them that he's just a figment of their imagination. Kay puts on his sunglasses and neuralizes the agents. He removes his sunglasses, and then tells the INS agents that they're lucky to be alive after that blast. Janus wonders what blast, and Kay claims that Janus discharged his gun and caused a gas main to explode. Kay walks over to Dee, who sits sullenly. Dee says that it didn't use to happen. He looks up at the stars and says that they're beautiful. Accepting his imminent retirement, he tells Kay that he'll miss the chase. Kay puts on his sunglasses, sets the neuralizer to 1961, and replies, "No Dee, you won't", and then flashes the neuralizer. James Edwards ( Will Smith ), an undercover NYPD officer, runs after a suspect/perp ( Keith Campbell ) in the night. Two uniformed officers, very overweight, quit running with Edwards and "let" him continue the chase alone. The suspect jumps off a bridge about 20 feet high to the street below, and then continues running. Edwards is surprised at the man's agility, but he doesn't give up; he jumps onto a passing double-decker tourist bus, then runs out and onto the back of a New York Post delivery van. When the van catches up to the suspect, Edwards jumps out and slams him into a wall. The suspect says, "He's coming! He's coming!", and then tries to shoot Edwards with an electronic weapon. Edwards knocks it to the ground and it vaporizes. The suspect takes off down the street again. They reach the Guggenheim Museum, and the suspect jumps about 15 feet onto the top of a wall, and then scales the side of a tall building onto the roof. Edwards shoots out the glass doors of the building entrance and then runs up a ramp. The suspect tries to open doors to leave the roof, finally finding one unlocked -- but finds Edwards there with his gun drawn. As the suspect backs up, he says, "He's coming. He's coming because I failed, and he'll kill me too," then tells Edwards that his world is going to end. He blinks his corneas sideways like shutters. Edwards asks him, "What the hell are you?" The suspect backs up against the edge of the roof. Edwards asks him to come back from the ledge, that they will get his eyes fixed. The suspect throws himself off the roof, landing with a thud on the ground below and dying. At a bucolic farm in upstate New York, everything is peaceful except for the meteor that streaks towards it. Inside the house a man, Edgar ( Vincent D'Onofrio ), is complaining to his wife Beatrice ( Siobhan Fallon Hogan ) that when he gets home from work he wants a clean house and a fat steak. He calls the dinner poison, but complains when his wife takes it away. He calls Beatrice useless, and then tells her, "The only that pulls its weight around here is my goddamn truck." The meteor hits his pickup truck, obliterating it and setting a tree on fire. Edgar goes outside with his rifle to the meteor crater, and then an alien voice tells him to place his "projectile weapon" on the ground, Edgar replies, "You can have my gun after you pry it from my cold, dead fingers." The alien accepts his proposal, and then pulls him screaming into the crater with its large insectoid claw. The alien eats him, and then climbs out of the crater wearing Edgar's skin and skull like a suit. "Edgar" staggers back into the house with the rifle. Beatrice asks him what that was, but he just asks for sugar. She puts a spoonful of sugar into a glass of water, but he asks for more sugar until she pours the whole bowl of sugar into the glass; he downs it and sighs contentedly. She tells him that his skin is hanging off his bones. He looks at the mirror, and agrees. He pulls back his scalp, tightening the skin on his face, and shows it to her; she faints. "Edgar" goes back outside and rolls his flying saucer out of the crater. Back at the police station, the police inspector and a cop who was with Edwards during the chase are questioning him about his report on the dead perp. They can't believe that the perpetrator blinked two sets of eyelids. Edwards says that it was after the weapon "evaporated into a million pieces." The officer asks him why no other officer saw these events, and Edwards replies that they are "a little soggy around the midsection and couldn't keep up." Edwards and the cop then argue, so the inspector takes the cop out of the room to talk. Laurel Weaver ( Linda Fiorentino ), Deputy Medical Examiner, comes in and tells Edwards that she believes him. She tells him to find her at the morgue on 26th and then leaves. We see Kay zap her with the neuralizer in the hallway then comes into the room. He unplugs the camera and then tells Edwards that those were gills, not eyes; the suspect was out of breath. Edwards asks Kay who he is. He doesn't answer, but instead asks Edwards if the suspect said anything. Edwards replies that he said the world was coming to an end. Kay asks if he said when, but Edwards just stares at him. Kay asks if he would recognize his weapon, and Edwards says, "Absolutely." Kay takes Edwards out of the room for "a ride", but he complains about the paperwork he has to complete. Kay tells him that its done. When Kay opens the door, the inspector comes by holding some paperwork and congratulates Edwards on "running down the dude on foot." Kay drives Edwards while explaining that he's part of a bureau that licenses, monitors, and polices alien activity on the planet Earth; Edwards scoffs. They arrive at a pawnshop owned by Jack Jeebs, who Edwards says doesn't even sell guns. Edwards tells Kay to wait while he goes inside. Inside the shop, Jeebs ( Tony Shalhoub ) is examining some stolen Rolex watches on the counter, and jokes to Edwards about returning them. Edwards tells Jeebs that he's into something hotter than them, then asks him about unusual guns. Kay comes inside, holding his gun and tells Jeebs to show Edwards the imports. Jeebs claims he got out of that business. Kay tells him that he hates it when he lies, then points his gun at Jeebs and counts to three. On three, Kay shoots Jeebs, causing his head to blow off. Edwards points his own gun at Kay and orders him to drop his weapon and put his hands on his head, when suddenly Jeebs stands up, having grown a new head! He presses a button hidden under the counter and then several panels swing open, revealing alien weapons. Edwards identifies the weapon the perp pulled on him. Kay rebukes Jeebs for selling "a reverberating carbonizer with mutating capacity to an unlicensed cephalopoid." Kay says that it must have been for assassination, and asks Jeebs who's the target. Kay points his gun at Jeebs, who then says in desperation that he doesn't know. Kay tells Jeebs that he's going to confiscate all of it and wants Jeebs on the next transport off Earth or he will shoot him again. Kay and Edwards leave. Outside, two people on a tandem bicycle ride by, their clothing covered with lights. Kay tells Edwards that he can't help him get a handle on the moment, but says that the only comfort he can offer is his promise that tomorrow morning Edwards wont remember a thing. Edwards remarks that it's not exactly some stuff you just forget, then Kay zaps Edwards with the neuralizer. Later, in a Chinese restaurant, Kay is telling Edwards some jokes. Kay looks at his watch then gets up to go. Edwards asks who he is, and Kay gives him his business card, to see him at 9:00. Kay leaves, and Edwards looks at the card, which shows "MiB" embossed on one side and "504 Battery Drive" printed on the other side. A Zap-EM exterminator truck pulls up to a building. The exterminator opens the building door, and roaches scurry everywhere. He has a gas canister on his back with hoses attached and a gas mask pulled over his forehead. He tells Edgar that he has a pest problem. Edgar then refers to people as the infestation, "nothing but an undeveloped, unevolved, barely conscious pond scum, totally convinced of their own superiority as they scurry about their short pointless lives." Edgar then grabs the exterminator and kills him by forcing his gas pipe down his mouth. The man falls to the floor, dead, gas pouring out of his mouth. Edgar rolls the saucer into the back of the truck. Edwards arrives at the MiB building and shows the card to the guard, who sends him to the elevator. Upstairs, Edwards doesn't notice that the elevator's back doors open until MiB chief agent Zed ( Rip Torn ) tells him that he's late. Five other men in military uniforms are already sitting there, and Edwards sits in the last chair. Zed tells them that they are there because they're the best of the best and MiB is looking for just one of them. Zed tells them he will give them some simple tests on motor skills, concentration, and stamina. Edwards raises his hand and asks why they're here, even though Zed already told them. 2nd Lt. Jake Jensen ( Kent Faulcon ) raises his hand and Zed motions to him to stand. Standing stiffly, he recites what Zed told them. Zed nods and he sits back down. Edwards chuckles then mocks Jensen and calls him "Captain America." Zed scowls at Edwards, and the others stare at him. Kay watches on the other side of a two-way mirror. They start the written exam. In this one, Edwards breaks his pencil and tears the cover of his notebook as he tries to open it. All the men struggle to write in their awkward egg-shaped chairs, poking holes in the paper. Edwards puts down his notebook and pencil then drags the metal table from the center of the room to bring it next to his chair. The table makes a horrible scraping sound and the other men stop writing. Happy now, Edwards retrieves his notebook and pencil and asks the others if they want to use the table too. The next test is a dark target range; a strobe light flashes, and cardboard alien figures move in front of the men. The other recruits shoot at every alien figure moving by, but Edwards waits, then fires a single shot. Zed stops the test and then with the remote brings the target forward that Edwards shot -- a little girl holding school books; he asks Edwards why he thought "little Tiffany deserved to die." Edwards tells Zed that she's the only one who seemed dangerous and explains his logic: target 1, which was hanging from a street light, was just working out; another one was snarling, but had a tissue in his hand -- he's sneezing not snarling; then he saw "little Tiffany -- 8-year-old white girl middle of the night in the ghetto among a bunch of monsters, reading quantum physics, and those books are way too advanced for her -- she's up to something." Zed just shakes his head and walks out. Edwards asks the others if it was a good shot. They shake their heads in disgust. Zed tells Kay that Edwards has a problem with authority; Kay replies that so does he (Kay), but Edwards ran down a cephalopoid on foot, which is tough. Zed hopes that Kay knows what he's doing. Zed comes back into the room, and congratulates the men, telling then that they're everything MiB could expect from years of government training. He tells them to follow him for one more test -- an eye exam. They put down their pistols and follow him. Edwards is the last one out. Kay stops him then hands him a folder and they walk down the hallway. Kay explains that in the 1950s the government established an agency to establish contact with races from other planets; they were surprised when aliens actually did contact them. Kay and Edwards pass a room, where Zed is administering the "eye exam" to the others with a neuralizer. The neuralizer flashes as Kay and Edwards continue down the hallway. Edwards opens the folder and sees a photo of an alien standing at the door of an alien spacecraft. Kay explains: in the mid-1950s, the government started an under funded agency to establish contact with races from other planets; aliens made contact on March 2, 1961. "There were nine of us the first night: seven agents, an astronomer, and one dumb kid who got lost on the wrong back road." One photo shows agents by an old pickup truck and its driver (who looks like Kay) standing by the front; the next one shows the pickup driver giving a tall alien some flowers as the agents look on. Edwards turns the page to the next photo, two disks atop towers. Edwards says, "Uh-huh, so, these were real flying saucers, and the World's Fair was just a cover-up?" Kay replies, "Why else would we hold it in Queens?" Edwards suggests that Kay get a CAT scan, then asks to be let out. Kay asks Edwards if he wants any coffee then opens the door to the break room, revealing four worm-like aliens with long legs drinking coffee. Edwards stares in shock as a worm pours coffee for Kay. Kay asks Edwards again if he wants coffee, but he just stutters, speechless. Kay and Edwards sit on a bench by the waterfront. Kay tells Edwards that there are about 1500 aliens on the planet, and most of them are there in Manhattan. Most of them are decent enough, and are trying to make a living. Kay says that humans are for the most part clueless, and are happy not knowing about these things. Edwards asks why they keep it a secret, that people are smart and can handle it. Kay replies that a person is smart, but people are dumb, panicky, dangerous animals. He tells Edwards that 1500 years ago, everybody knew the Earth was the center of the universe; 500 years ago everybody knew the Earth was flat; and 15 minutes ago Edwards knew that people were alone on this planet. Kay sighs and says, "Imagine what you'll know...tomorrow." Edwards asks him what's the catch. Kay replies that the catch is he has to sever every human contact and no one will ever know he exists anywhere, ever. Edwards asks if it's worth it, and Kay says it is if he's strong enough. He gives Edwards until sunrise to think it over, and leaves. Edwards sits there until night. At MiB headquarters, Edwards enters the elevator as Kay waits for him. Edwards says that he's in. He tells Kay that they chose him because they recognized his skills, and not to call him son or kid or sport. Kay replies that his skills now mean precisely nothing. The elevator's back doors open, revealing a large bay: Earth customs. As Kay and Edwards walk, a customs agent asks a tall alien ( Carel Struycken ) if he has any fruits or vegetables, and he states that he's on a diplomatic mission. Edwards asks Kay what branch of the government they report to. Kay replies that there is none, because they ask too many questions. Edwards asks who pays for all of this. Kay tells him that they hold patents on some gadgets they confiscated from out-of-state visitors, such as Velcro, microwave oven, and liposuction. Kay and Edwards enter a room filled with alien technology. Kay shows him a small disk about 1-1/2 inches in diameter. Kay says that it will replace CDs soon, and he will have to buy the "White" album again. He then shows Edwards a universal translator. Edwards notices a sphere about the size of a golf ball floating in air a couple of inches above a metal stand. He reaches for it and knocks it away. The energetic sphere flies quickly out the door into the customs bay, hitting many things as it speeds away. People dodge as the sphere ricochets off walls, hits lamps and other things, then destroys a lab. Finally Kay catches it with a special mitt. As Kay puts the sphere back at its stand, he tells Edwards that it caused the 1977 New York City blackout (as a type of prank), then places the mitt next to the stand. Kay tells Edwards that observation is the heart of their endeavor. He introduces Edwards to two multi-armed aliens: "the twins", "Blblup" and Bob. The twins sit at a control panel; the map shows the location of every registered alien on Earth; some of them are under constant surveillance. (Two of the aliens displayed are Steven Spielberg and Sylvester Stallone .) Edwards remarks that it makes sense, because when he was in third grade he knew his teacher had to be from Venus or someplace like that. Zed interrupts them and tells Edwards to put "it" on: the last suit he will ever wear. Kay uses the computer to delete all of Edwards personal information, such as birth certificate, driver's license, etc. As Zed narrates, Edwards goes to his locker, labeled "J", and then gets dressed: "You will dress only in attire specially sanctioned by MiB special services. You'll conform to the identity we give you, eat where we tell you, live where we tell you." Edwards puts his hands on a metal sphere. The sphere scans his fingerprints and burns them off; he recoils in pain. Zed continues: "From now on, you'll have no identifying marks of any kind, you will not stand out in any way. Your entire image is crafted to leave no lasting memory with anybody you encounter. You are a rumor, recognizable only as dj vu, and dismissed just as quickly. You don't exist. You were never even born. Anonymity is your name, silence your native tongue. You are no longer part of the system. You are above the system. Over it. Beyond it. We're 'Them'. We're 'They'. We are the Men in Black." Kay updates the database with Edwards' new name: J. As J, "Jay", puts on his sunglasses, he tells Kay that the difference between them is that "I make this look good." G. Rosenberg ( Mike Nussbaum ) leaves his jewelry store, carrying his pet cat in a bag, and a small metal case. Edgar drives by the store and then adjusts his stiff joints as he observes Rosenberg. After Rosenberg locks the doors, Edgar drives away. Zed briefs Kay and Jay on the status of some aliens as they watch a monitor. He tells them they had an unauthorized landing in upstate New York. Suddenly the alarm sounds below them: a boundary violation. Zed tells them that it's an alien named Redgick; he's not cleared to leave Manhattan, and is stuck in gridlock on the New Jersey turnpike. He tells Kay to take Jay with him so he can warm up on something. Jay mocks Zed as they walk to Kay's car. Jay complains that even though they have unlimited technology from the whole universe, they cruise around in a Ford P.O.S. They get in the car and Kay tells Jay to fasten his seat belt, but he doesn't. Jay tells Kay that he has to work on his people skills, that he would get a better reaction if he were a little more polite. Kay then asks him to please fasten his seat belt, and then drives away, the car racing like a dragster. Jay gets slammed around violently. Jay holds onto a lever protruding between the seats. Kay tells him to never press the red button on it, and Jay quickly lets go. They race down the road. A taxi drops Rosenberg off at a restaurant. Edgar stops next to them, then drives away. Rosenberg enters the restaurant and sits with a tall humanoid alien, the one who Kay and Jay saw at Earth customs. Speaking in an alien language, Rosenberg tells the diplomat that he's late because of the cab driver. The diplomat calls Rosenberg "Your Majesty" and tells him that he's in grave danger. He says that a bug landed there and they have to get him off the planet. They both agree that the bug knows why Rosenberg is there. The diplomat thinks he recognizes the device (the metal case), but Rosenberg says that it's diamonds for the diplomat's children. The short-order cook says that their order is up, then wonders where Ivan is. Edgar says that he gave him a break. He takes the two plates to the table, passing Ivan, who is dead and stuffed between two shelves. The diplomat toasts to the continued reign of the Arquillian Empire. Rosenberg toasts to the safety of the galaxy. Edgar puts their plates down on the table, and then roaches come out of his sleeves onto the plates. Rosenberg looks up in fear, and then tells Edgar that he can kill them both but won't find the galaxy. The cat looks out of the bag. The word Orion is on its collar, and something hangs from it. Edgar tells Rosenberg that he's right about one thing. He kills the Arquillians, and then takes the case and rushes outside. Kay stops a car, asking Reggie Redgick ( Patrick Breen ) for his license and registration as Jay looks on. Reggie shows Kay his driver's license and registration, then Kay asks for his other license and registration, which he then shows to Kay. Kay tells him that his resident alien card restricts him to the five boroughs. Kay asks Reggie where he's going, and then Kay and Jay see his wife in labor on the back seat. Kay takes Reggie back to the Ford, and tells Jay to handle the birth. Jay complains, but Kay tells him that it's easy and to just catch. Kay reassures Reggie that Jay does it all the time. Jay stands by the car and tries to coach the wife with her breathing. A tentacle comes out of the car and grabs Jay as Kay interrogates Reggie normally, completely oblivious to Jay's dilemna. Kay asks Reggie why he's heading out of town when Croagg the midwife is at 54th and Madison. Reggie tells Kay that they're meeting someone at a ship. Kay tells Reggie that he's not cleared for departure. Reggie replies that it's an emergency. As the tentacle waves Jay around high in the air, Kay reassures him that he's doing fine. The tentacle pulls Jay into the car then out on the opposite side. Kay asks Reggie why he's so eager to get off the planet, and he replies that they don't like the neighborhood because of some of the new arrivals. The tentacle slams Jay against the roof of the car, and then pulls him back in. Kay asks Reggie if it is related to the crasher from last night. Jay flies out of the car onto the grass, holding the tentacled alien baby. Kay congratulates Reggie on his... "squid", and gives him back his resident alien card. Jay says that the baby is cute, but it spits up on him while he speaks. Back in Kay's car, slime drips off Jay. Kay asks him if anything about that seemed unusual to him. Jay just turns and looks at him. Kay wonders what would scare Reggie enough that he would risk a warp drive with a newborn, and tells Edwards that he's going to check the "hot sheets." Kay and Jay go to a newsstand, and Kay buys several tabloids. Jay can't believe this, but Kay calls them the best investigative reporting on the planet. He says that Jay could get lucky if he read The New York Times, then shows him the cover story of The World: "ALIEN STOLE MY HUSBAND'S SKIN!" Kay and Jay drive to Beatrice's farm, posing as FBI agents who want to talk to her about her visitor. He assures her that they're not there to make fun of her, and she lets them in and gives them lemonade. She tells them that the chief of police made a full investigation and took a report, writing down everything she said; he didn't believe her, but instead made fun of her. She says that the chief asked how could Edgar walk back in the house if he was murdered, but she didn't know. She says that she knew it wasn't Edgar; it was like something was wearing Edgar, like a suit. Jay shows Kay a photo of Edgar, saying that he was that ugly before he was an alien. Beatrice says that when she woke up, he was gone. Kay asks her if he said anything, and she replies that he asked for sugar water. Kay signals for Jay to put on his sunglasses and then Kay zaps her with the neuralizer. He tells her that there was no alien; the flash of light she saw in the sky was not a UFO; swamp gas from a weather balloon was trapped in a thermal pocket and it refracted the light from Venus. Jay can't believe that Kay could do that and give her another memory, and that's the best he could come up with. Kay continues adding to her fake memory, saying that Edgar ran off with an old girlfriend, and that Beatrice should go to her mother's for a couple of nights. Jay adds that he never appreciated her anyway; that she kicked him out; and that she should go to Bloomingdale's. He finishes with telling her to hire a decorator. Outside, Kay scoops up some dirt from the crater into a pocket analyzer. Jay asks Kay when he's getting his own "flashy little memory messer-upper thingy" (neuralizer); Kay replies that he will when he grows up. The analyzer's green light comes on, and Kay asks Jay if he knows what kind of alien life leaves a green spectral trail and craves sugar water. Jay jokes that it was on "Final Jeopardy" last night. Kay calls Zed and informs him that they have a bug. Jay wonders how that's bad. Kay explains that bugs thrive on carnage -- they consume, infest, destroy, and live off the death and destruction of other species. Kay tells him to imagine "a giant cockroach with unlimited strength, a massive inferiority complex, and a real short temper... is terror-assing around Manhattan in a brand new Edgar suit." Kay tells Jay that they have to watch the morgues. A cop wheels Rosenberg's corpse into the morgue; Rosenberg's cat sits on top. The medical examiner, Laurel Weaver, takes the corpse to the back and performs an autopsy on it. The other dead Arquillian is at the freezers. She looks in disbelief at his insides, and asks him what he is. Kay and Jay enter the morgue building. Weaver dictates her findings into a recorder (paraphrased): "The subject's temperature rose up to 112 at the time of autopsy; when I tried to verify this rectally, I found that he didn't have a rectum, which is..." Kay finishes for her with, "Weird." He introduces himself as Dr. Leo Manville, Department of Public Health, and Jay as Dr. White. Kay asks her if she has anything unusual there. She replies that it's a triple homicide; the first body she opened was normal, except that it was broken in half. She shows them the tall Arquillian. She says that he has a skeletal structure unlike anything she saw before. Kay says that he'll look at it, and then Weaver takes Jay to look at the other one (Rosenberg), which she says is even stranger. With gloves on, Weaver and Jay explore his insides. She asks him if he notices anything strange -- stomach, liver, and lungs. He says that they're all fine, but she tells him they are all missing. He makes up a lame explanation for his examination. She asks if they met before, and says she has a strange feeling of dj vu; Jay says that he does too. She tells Jay not to tell "the other guy" (Kay) that she thinks the body is not really a body but is a transport unit for something else. She starts to tell him what she likes to do sometimes "when it's really late", but Kay calls him over. Looking at the dead tall alien, Kay asks Jay what he thinks, but Jay mistakenly talks about Weaver and her body. Kay tells him," the dead body," and Jay says that Kay should look at the other one. Jay recognizes the tall alien from headquarters. Kay asks him what killed the alien; Jay correctly answers that a bug did. Weaver calls Jay back. She shows him wires protruding from one of Rosenberg's ears. Jay pulls on the ear lobe; the ears eject, and high-pressure air vents from them. The face swings open to reveal a tiny alien inside the skull, seated at a control console surrounded by lights. The tiny alien draws in labored breaths and says, "Must...to prevent...contest." Jay and Weaver coach the alien into saying the right words: "To prevent war." They help the alien finish his sentence: "The galaxy is on Orion's belt." The alien dies and then the lights inside the skull turn off. Jay wonders what it means and calls Kay, "Doctor whatever" over. Weaver realizes that they aren't from the Department of Health. Kay says, "Rosenberg." He sees the open skull and says that the Arquillians won't like it because he was from the royal family. Weaver declares that it's an alien, and Kay and Jay are government agents hiding the facts. Jay tells Kay what the alien said: "To prevent war, the galaxy is on Orion's belt." Kay puts on his sunglasses, prompting Jay to puts his on too. Kay zaps Weaver with the neuralizer. Kay says that it doesn't make sense. Weaver recovers and asks for their ID, and Kay zaps her with the neuralizer again. Jay thinks it will give her brain cancer. Kay tells Jay that they have to leave and close all the doors because Special Services will be there soon. As they leave, Jay asks Kay if he zapped him with it, and Kay tells him no. Jay asks to be in charge of the neuralizer, but Kay says no. They pass two MiB Special Services men outside, and Kay briefs them on the situation. After Jay complains, Kay tells them to give Weaver a happy memory. In a back alley somewhere, Edgar struggles violently in the Zap-Em truck to open the Arquillian's case. He finally breaks it open, spilling diamonds on the floor. He growls in frustration, "Where is it?" Kay and Jay return to MiB headquarters. Kay uses the satellite to locate and zoom in on his wife he had before he joined MiB. Meanwhile, Jay asks Zed if anyone there ever gets any sleep. Zed replies that "the twins" keep them on Centaurian time, a 37-hour day. Zed tells Jay that he will get used to it in a few months, or have a psychotic episode. Pointing to a large display, Zed shows Jay where Orion is. He explains that Orion's belt is only 3 stars, not a galaxy, and that there are no galaxies on Orion's belt. Zed tells Jay that he heard wrong, but Jay insists that he heard it correctly and leaves. As Kay freezes the image of his wife on the monitor, Jay calls her pretty, and Kay clears the screen. Jay correctly concludes that Kay was the person giving flowers to the tall alien in the photograph; his wife never got them and she never remarried. Zed calls Kay over to look at the twins' display: all the aliens are leaving the United States. Jay wonders why, and Kay compares it to rats deserting a ship. Kay uses a satellite to locate an Arquillian battle cruiser in space. Zed says they (MiB) have a dead Arquillian prince. The Arquillian ship sends a message, and Zed tells the twins to translate it. He then sends Kay and Jay to Rosenberg's jewelry store to try to find information. As they leave, Zed tells Kay to give Jay a weapon. At the armory, Kay takes a "Series 4 De-atomizer". Jay thinks it's for him, but Kay gives him a very small pistol -- a "Noisy Cricket". Jay complains, calling it a midget cricket and waves it around, but Kay grabs his arm and stops him. As they leave, Jay tells Kay that he might break it. Edgar parks across the street from Rosenberg's jewelry store and breaks in. He smashes all the jewelry cases, looking for the missing galaxy. Outside, a tow truck driver hooks up the Zap-Em truck. Edgar sees a photo of Rosenberg holding his cat. He also sees another photo of the cat, and focuses on the spherical object hanging from its collar. Edgar goes outside and tries to stop the driver from towing the truck. Kay and Jay arrive at the store and see the mess. Jay wonders who would do that but not take the jewelry; Kay tells him that it's someone who wasn't looking for jewelry. Jay sees the photos and remarks that Rosenberg "had a serious crush on his cat." Edgar shoots the tow truck driver. Jay shoots at Edgar. The blast throws Jay against a wall and destroys the storefront. Jay runs outside and shoots at Edgar again as he drives away in the tow truck. The blast disconnects the Zap-Em truck and throws Jay into some trash bags and cans. Jay stands on a car and shoots again at the tow truck as it turns the corner. He misses, blowing a giant hole in a tractor-trailer. The recoil throws Jay onto a car's windshield. Kay pulls him off and tells him that they don't discharge their weapons in view of the public. Jay reminds Kay that the alien ship is about to... Kay interrupts him, saying that there's always an alien emergency on Earth; the only way people remain happy is because they don't know about it. Kay tells Jay that the bug isn't leaving because they have his ship. Jay goes to the Zap-Em truck and pulls people out of it. Kay calls Zed for a containment crew, but Zed replies that it's a moot point because the exodus continues. The monitor at MiB shows the translation of the Arquillian message: "MIB DELIVER THE GALAXY". Zed sees the worm aliens leaving and shouts at them, calling them sorry little ingrates. They are leaving with their luggage and 5 cases of Marlboro cigarettes. They tell him off in their language and laugh. Zed tells Kay that they've only translated part of the message, but the Arquillians hold MiB responsible. Edgar gets out of the truck. A street vendor sits next to his wares: various bug-killing devices such as fly swatters, Combat, and Raid bug spray. Edgar asks the man where he keeps his dead, who says that he doesn't have any dead. Edgar chokes him, so the man says that they're at the city morgue. Edgar knocks over one of his stands and takes some postcards, and then he leaves. Jay is trying to give a normal explanation to the crowd for what just happened, but Kay calls him over. Kay tells Jay that the Arquillians want the galaxy, whatever that means. He says that they need some help from a professional, someone who has years of experience in intergalactic politics. Kay hopes that "the little twerp hasn't skipped town." A man from MiB Special Services announces on a loud speaker for the crowd to gather around and look at his neuralizer. Kay and Jay stop at a locksmith's shop. Jay thinks that the creepy-looking owner is an alien in disguise, but his pet pug speaks, telling Jay, "If you don't like it, you can kiss my furry little butt." Kay talks to the dog, Frank (voiced by Tim Blaney ), who says that he's busy. Kay grabs Frank, and threatens to call the pound. Jay tells a passing man that the dog owes his friend some money. Kay asks Frank what he knows about Arquillians and bugs, but he pretends he doesn't know. Kay shakes him, then Frank says that Rosenberg wasn't an ordinary Arquillian; he was the guardian of a whole galaxy; they thought he would be safe on Earth. Frank says that the galaxy is the best source for subatomic energy in the universe; if the bugs get it, the Arquillians are doomed. Kay asks Frank about a galaxy on Orion's belt. Frank pretends he doesn't know, until Kay shakes him again. Some people have gathered across the street. Jay tells them that they're rehearsing for a ventriloquist act. Frank finally says that the galaxy is here. Jay replies that a galaxy is hundreds of millions of stars and planets; how could it be here? Frank tells them that size doesn't matter; just because something is important doesn't mean that it's not very small. Kay shakes him and asks him how small. Frank replies that it's tiny, like the size of a marble or jewel. Frank says that he has to be walked before his flight, so Kay lets him down and he runs away. Kay tells Jay that if the galaxy's there, it's not on Orion's belt. Frank stops to bark at a cat up on a ledge with a bell on its collar. Jay sees the cat and realizes what Orion is; he calls Kay. At the morgue, the cat runs across the floor then jumps onto Laurel Weaver's desk, startling her. She reads the collar and says that Orion is a pretty name, and then grabs the small spherical object hanging from the cat's collar. She says, "Wow" when she notices the galaxy rotating in the sphere, then stares at it, mesmerized at the galaxy as it reflects brightly in her eyes. Edgar goes to the morgue and sets his rifle down. He rings the bell several times, and then Orion hisses and runs away. The morgue attendant ( David Cross ) comes to the desk and berates him for ringing the bell too much. Edgar asks to see his dead friend and the cat he gave him; he wants the cat back. The attendant asks for proof of ownership, relationship to the deceased, etc. Edgar gets upset when the man swats some flies. Several roaches crawl out of Edgar's sleeve, so the man gets some bug spray. Edgar stares angrily and growls at the man, and he trembles in fear. Kay and Jay arrive at the morgue. Jay says that he wants to handle it, because he doesn't want Kay to zap Laurel with the neuralizer again and give her brain damage. Kay gives him two minutes. Inside, Edgar throws Laurel against the freezers and Orion hides. Edgar asks her where the cat is, but she doesn't know. He drags her across the floor, looking for the cat, but stops when Jay rings the bell and calls out. Jay gives up when no one comes over, so he goes inside. He finds Laurel behind a cart and tells her that he's Sergeant Friday from the 26th precinct. He asks her if she saw a cat that came in with a corpse; the cat's nametag said Orion. She replies that she did. Jay tells her that he needs to take the cat because it's a witness in a murder case and he'll ask it some questions. She says that she doesn't know where it is right now. He's surprised, but she coyly asks him to take her instead. Jay flirts with her, unaware that Edgar is hiding under the cart. Kay enters the morgue building, looks around, and then looks at his watch. Laurel points down, saying that she needs to show him something. Jay misunderstands her double entendre, saying that she's going too fast. He flirts with her some more. Kay lights a match to smoke a cigarette, but ooze drips from the ceiling and puts it out. He looks up and sees the attendant stuck to the ceiling, along with the bug spray and some papers. Laurel repeats her request, backing up and pointing, and Jay finally understands and draws his weapon. Orion jumps onto the cart, and Edgar grabs the cat and hides behind Laurel. Kay bursts in and joins Jay, pointing his weapon at Edgar. Laurel calls Jay thick, and they argue. Edgar tells her to shut up. He tells them that compared to them, he's on the top rung of the evolutionary ladder. Kay and Jay back him up towards a wall. Kay asks him how far he'll get without his ship. Edgar jumps with Laurel through a window up to street level. Kay and Jay run to catch up with them. Edgar hijacks a taxi, kicking the driver out with his prayer rug. He tells Laurel to take him to the place on a postcard he holds up (the World's Fair), but she refuses. She floors it when bugs climb out of his mouth. Edgar swallows the galaxy. When Kay and Jay get outside, Jay sees the prayer rug and tells Kay that Edgar is in a cab then runs after them. Jay comes around the corner and sees many taxi cabs stopped at a signal. He points his weapon at the people in one, but it's not the right taxi, so he walks away in frustration. Kay drives up and picks up Jay and then they drive away. At MiB headquarters, Kay tells a man to put up a bio-net around Manhattan. The Arquillians fire a warning shot at the North Pole. Kay tells Jay that it's Arquillian battle rules: after the ultimatum they fire a warning shot and give Earth a galactic standard week to respond -- one hour. The screen shows the fully translated message: "MIB: DELIVER THE GALAXY OR EARTH WILL BE DESTROYED. SORRY". Kay tells Jay that to keep the bugs from getting it, the Arquillians will destroy that galaxy. Zed adds, "and whatever planet it's on." As Kay and Zed speculate on the ships that Edgar would try to take, Jay shouts to the "old guys" and calls their attention. Everyone stops and turns as Jay asks them if "those" still work, referring to the towers at the World's Fair. Laurel and Edgar arrive at the World's Fair. He tells her that he took her with him because he needs "a snack" for the long trip. Kay and Jay drive to Queens, but Jay says that the tunnel will be packed. They enter the tunnel and Kay tells him to press the red button. The car transforms into a jet car and Kay tells Jay to put on his seat belt, but he doesn't (again). Jay screams as the car speeds towards traffic, then climbs a wall and flies upside down. Jay gets slammed against the roof of the car. Kay puts an 8-track tape in the player for music to help Jay relax: Elvis Presley singing "Promised Land". As Jay struggles to find a more comfortable position, Kay sings along with Elvis. They dodge a sign on a truck then climb down the wall, landing on the road outside the other end of the tunnel. Edgar climbs a ladder on one of the towers, holding Laurel. She tells him that he wouldn't want to eat her because she's a very important person, like a queen or a goddess, and it could start a war. He replies that it's good, and will mean more food for his family -- all 78 million of them. Laurel jumps into a tree so he lets her go. When he reaches the top, he opens a panel in the saucer and enters it. Kay and Jay pull up. Kay takes two large weapons from the trunk and gives one to Jay. Kay says, "Roaches check in," and Jay finishes, "but they don't check out." They walk to the tower. The saucer halves close and it lifts off the tower. It flies over Shea Stadium, where the Mets are playing. An outfielder becomes mesmerized by the saucer, and a fly ball beans him. Kay and Jay shoot the saucer with their pulse rifles and it explodes into flames. It flies out of control and crashes through the Unisphere, stopping a few feet in front of them. The door opens and Edgar staggers towards them, barely recognizable. Kay tells Edgar that he's under arrest for violating the Tycho treaty. Jay orders him to turn over the galaxy, step away from the vehicle, and put his hands on his head. Edgar puts his hands on his head, but then rips off his skin and head, revealing his true form: a giant monstrous cockroach. The bug snarls and eats their weapons then knocks them to the ground, roaring. Kay gets back up, telling Jay to keep the bug from getting on the second ship and to keep him on Earth. Kay tells Jay that he's going to get his gun back, and Jay gets up. Kay confronts the bug, calling him a slimy, gut-sucking intestinal parasite. He shouts at the bug to eat him, and it does, roaring and swallowing him whole. It roars again and walks to the second tower. Telling the bug that it forgot dessert, Jay throws a large rock at its head. He tries repeatedly to stop it, but it keeps knocking him down. The bug starts climbing the tower, but Jay grabs its hind end. It shakes him loose, throwing him against a dumpster. Laurel falls to the ground and hides. Jay gets up and tries to goad the bug into fighting some more, but he notices cockroaches on his sleeve. He kicks open the rusty dumpster and many more roaches spill out. He purposely steps on a cockroach and the giant bug stops. Jay taunts the bug, calling some roaches his aunt and uncle. He steps on another one and the giant bug jumps back down off the ladder. Jay continues to step on roaches as the bug walks towards him. Jay tells the bug to ease off of his face before something bad happens to him. Kay's weapon whines and the bug looks at its gut before Kay blasts it in two. Kay lands next to Jay; both of them are covered in slime. Jay picks up the galaxy off the ground, and Kay calls Zed and tells him to inform the Arquillians. They don't notice movement behind them. Jay tells Kay that while he was in there playing around, he was doing all the work. Jay tells Kay what he did and gives the galaxy to Kay. Kay tells him that he should have been there for the 1968 Zeronian migration, but then realizes that Jay wasn't even alive then. The giant bug isn't dead yet, and rises up to eat Jay, but someone blasts it with a pulse rifle, killing it. They turn around and see Laurel holding the rifle. Kay and Jay have cleaned up and returned to MiB headquarters, standing outside. Laurel waits by the car. Kay takes out his neuralizer, but Jay complains that she helped them. Kay says it's not for her; it's for himself. Kay looks up at the stars and tells Jay that he never looks at them anymore and that they're beautiful. He tells Jay that he hasn't been training a partner; he's been training a replacement. Jay complains that he can't do this job alone. Laurel interrupts, saying that her apartment isn't near there, and not even on the same island. Kay adjusts the dials on the neuralizer, then shows Jay the days, months, and years dials on it, and tells him to always face it forward. He hands it to Jay. Jay tries to object, but Kay says that being down the gullet of an interstellar cockroach is one of a hundred memories that he wants to forget. Jay puts on his sunglasses. Kay tells Jay that he'll see him around, but Jay replies that he won't and zaps him with the neuralizer. The New York Post reports that Detroit has a car that defies gravity. The Weekly World News reports: "N.Y. Mets centerfielder says 'UFO MADE ME MISS HOME RUN!'" The Enquirer reports that a man awakens from a 35-year coma; it has a photo of Kay standing with his wife while giving her flowers. Jay chuckles as he takes all three newspapers. He puts his dark sunglasses on then turns around when Laurel calls him. He walks back to the car from the hot dog stand carrying two hot dogs. She's dressed in a black suit and is now one of the MiB, and tells him that Zed called: the high consulate from Solaxiant Nine wants floor seats for the Knicks-Bulls game. Jay tells her that they'll call Dennis Rodman because he's from that planet, and gives her the hot dogs. She remarks that it's not much of a disguise. They drive away. The view zooms out from Manhattan, Earth and the Moon, then the solar system and the entire Milky Way Galaxy -- revealing the galaxy to be inside a sphere like a marble. An alien hand picks up the "marble" and throws it against another "marble" (galaxy) as if it's playing a game of marbles, then picks them both up and puts them in a cloth sack containing several other "marbles" (galaxies). Will Smith sings "Men in Black" during the end credits. 
 Spider-Man 2 (2004)541) Peter Parker is beset with troubles in his failing personal life as he battles a brilliant scientist named Doctor Otto Octavius. Peter Parker is an unhappy man: after two years of fighting crime as Spider-Man, his life has begun to fall apart. The girl he loves is engaged to someone else, his grades are slipping, he cannot keep any of his jobs, and on top of it, the newspaper Daily Bugle is attacking him viciously, claiming that Spider-Man is a criminal. He reaches the breaking point and gives up the crime fighter's life, once and for all. But after a failed fusion experiment, eccentric and obsessive scientist Dr. Otto Octavius is transformed into super villain Doctor Octopus, Doc Ock for short, having four long tentacles as extra hands. Peter guesses it might just be time for Spider-Man to return, but would he act upon it? Soumitra It's been two years since Peter Parker transformed into Spider-Man, and he is still trying to balance life perfectly. His love for Mary Jane is becoming much stronger, as he finds it hard to not let her down. His friendship with Harry Osborn is at risk, as the young Harry is frustrated with Spider-Man getting away with his father's death. And if this wasn't enough for the super hero, a new enemy is in town. Dr. Otto Octavius is involved in a freak scientific accident and becomes the dangerous Doctor Octopus. Film_Fan On the verge of a nervous breakdown, Peter Parker, now studying physics at the University of Columbia, learns the hard way that life has just got tougher. It's been only two short years since Norman Osborn's death in Spider-Man (2002) , and now, Mary Jane is giving up on Peter, he has lost his job, Aunt May faces imminent foreclosure, and he is missing classes. As Parker is trying to find his feet, still uncertain of whether he wants to be a crime-fighter or not, a freak accident in the name of science gives birth to a new super-villain: the obsessed, multi-tentacled mad scientist, Doc Ock. This time, when the world most needs him, Peter must choose between remaining faithful to his calling, or staying away from Mary Jane, the girl of his dreams. Will Peter Parker embrace his destiny as Spider-Man, New York City's defender? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter Parker is finding his double life increasingly difficult. Precariously struggling to balance his crime-fighting duties as Spider-Man with the demands of his normal life, Peter often finds his personal life taking a back seat. He loses a job delivering pizzas in Manhattan, faces financial difficulties, and struggles to maintain his physics studies at Columbia University. Moreover, he has become estranged from both love interest Mary Jane, who to Peter's disappointment is in a relationship, and best friend Harry Osborn who falsely accuses Spider-Man of murdering his father, and his Aunt May is threatened with foreclosure. Harry, now head of Oscorp's research division, has invested in the research of brilliant scientist Otto Octavius, Peter's idol. To perform a sustained fusion experiment, Octavius has developed a set of artificially intelligent mechanical arms, which are impervious to heat and magnetism. Though the experiment overloads and becomes unstable, Dr. Octavius refuses to halt it, with devastating results: his wife is killed; the neural inhibitor chip which prevented the advanced AI of the arms from influencing Octavius's own mind is destroyed and the arms become fused to his spine. Unconscious, he is taken to a hospital to have the appendages removed, but the tentacles develop their own ability to move at will and brutally kill the surgeons, and Octavius escapes. Uncontrolled, the tentacles begin to corrupt Octavius' mind, playing on his vanity and ego, and he decides he must complete his experiment at any cost. J. Jonah Jameson names him "Doctor Octopus" or "Doc Ock". In an effort to finance his experiments, Doc Ock attempts to rob a bank where Peter Parker and his Aunt May happen to be present. After a short glitch in his powers, Spider-Man manages to recover and soon the two take their fight outside the bank where Doc Ock takes Aunt May as a hostage. When Spider-Man rescues her, she revises her former opinion of him and realizes that he is a hero. Octavius escapes unharmed. During a party, Peter learns that M.J. is planning to marry J. Jonah Jameson's son, John Jameson, an astronaut. He also gets into a physical altercation with Harry, who is drunk because Octavius' failed experiment left Oscorp bankrupt; shortly after, Peter loses his powers while web-slinging across town; he is unable to spin webs, his ability to adhere to smooth surfaces fails and his spider sense is greatly diminished. Meanwhile, Octavius rebuilds his experimental reactor. Peter questions if he could ever have what he "needs", a life as Peter Parker, which involves a vision of Uncle Ben, and resolves to give up being Spider-Man, to which J. Jonah Jameson is delighted, having been given the abandoned Spider-Man suit. Back home, after visiting Uncle Ben's grave, Aunt May is distressed by Peter's confession that he was somewhat responsible for his Uncle Ben's death. Aunt May and Peter reconcile, and she tells Peter of the hope that Spider-Man brings to others, in spite of what dreams he may have to sacrifice. Peter attempts to re-connect with Mary Jane, but she informs him it is too late. In the meantime, Doc Ock has completed rebuilding his reactor, and needs one final item: tritium, a rare metal which fuels the reactor. He goes to Harry Osborn for it, dangling him over the edge of the Osborn mansion balcony when he refuses. Harry agrees to give Ock what he needs in exchange for capturing Spider-Man. Mary Jane meets Peter in a coffee shop to ask if he still loves her, but Peter tells her that he does not. Doc Ock, having been advised by Harry that Peter was the key to finding Spider-Man, destroys the coffee shop. Peter regains his spider-sense at the right moment to throw Mary Jane and himself out of the way of a thrown taxi, but Doc Ock abducts Mary Jane in a plot to lure Spider-Man into a trap. Peter's powers fully return, and he dons his costume (stealing it back from an infuriated Jameson) and engages Doc Ock in a battle, which starts off at the top of a bell tower and then on top of a train. During the battle, Octavius disables the brakes to the train, forcing Spider-Man to rescue the runaway train. Spider-Man manages to stop the train before it can plunge over the end of the track, but at great physical exertion. He nearly falls, but the people in the train catch him and see him without his mask on. They agree to keep his identity a secret and try to protect him from Doc Ock, but his mechanical arms are too much for them. Weak from his exertions Spider-Man becomes dizzy and faints and he is captured by Doctor Octopus and delivered to Harry Osborn. Harry unmasks Spider-Man and is shocked to discover that his sworn enemy is his best friend. Spider-Man awakens and convinces Harry to reveal Octavius' whereabouts so he can rescue Mary Jane, learning that Octavius is rebuilding his machine and threatening the world. Spider-Man finds Doctor Octavius in an abandoned warehouse on a waterfront pier, where he's restarted his fusion experiment. After battling with Doc Ock, Spider-Man manages to stun the villain with an electric shock. Peter then reveals his true identity to Octavius and pleads with him to stop the machine. Returned to his senses by the shock and determined to end his doomsday experiment before it causes more harm, Octavius uses his mechanical arms to collapse the floor of the building, successfully drowning the device at the cost of his own life. Mary Jane sees Peter without his mask on, but Peter tells her they can never be together, as he will always have enemies. Across town, Harry has visions of his father, the late Norman Osborn, in a hanging mirror. The illusion demands that his son kill Peter Parker to avenge his death. Harry refuses and hurls a dagger at the mirror, shattering it and revealing a secret room containing the Green Goblin's combat gear and the serum that gave him his super strength. At the end of the film, Mary Jane leaves her wedding and finds Peter in his apartment, telling him that she has decided to be with him despite the risks. She persuades Peter to finally let her in while accepting the need of his vows by letting him respond to a sudden call for help. She looks on in uncertainty as Spider-Man swings away. 
 Men in Black 3 (2012)761) Agent J travels in time to M.I.B.'s early days in 1969 to stop an alien from assassinating his friend Agent K and changing history. After breaking out of LunarMax, a moon-based maximum security prison, Boris the Animal (Jemaine Clement) decides to go back in time and eliminate the person who arrested him - Agent K (Josh Brolin). When he does so, Agent J (Will Smith) realizes that the timeline has been changed and he too travels back to July 15, 1969, the day before Agent K is killed. After overcoming some disbelief, J manages to convince young K and others of just who he is and why he's there. With the help of Griffin (Michael Stuhlbarg), a being who can see all timelines, they track Boris down. J also learns a secret, something old Agent K (Tommy Lee Jones) had never told him. garykmcd When Boris the Animal (Jemaine Clement), an alien who is the last of his race, is confined to LunarMax, a penal colony on the moon, he escapes and goes to Earth to get the man who placed him there, M.I.B. Agent K (Tommy Lee Jones). He confronts K, K and J (Will Smith) corner him, but he disappears. J asks K who he is, but K doesn't want to say anything. J goes to M.I.B. Headquarters and learns who Boris is, but before he could learn more, the Agent in charge, O (Dame Emma Thompson), stops him. The next day, J goes to pick up K, but finds someone else living at his apartment. When he goes to M.I.B., he looks for K, but everyone there tells him, K died in 1969 after tackling with Boris. But J says K captured him. That's when alien vessels which are from Boris' planet show up, and they're about to devour the Earth. But J says that K placed a barrier that keeps them from entering Earth in 1969, which would lead to their extinction. It's obvious that Boris went back in time and killed K before he could deploy the barrier. So J goes to see an alien on Earth whose father was also at the penal colony, who J assumes told Boris that he worked on time travel and his son has the device. J goes to see him and tells him about the invasion. So he sends J back just before K's death. J arrives in 1969 and fails to stop Boris and is captured by the younger K (Josh Brolin) who asks him who he is, and what is he doing here. J was told not to tell him anything. But with time running out J tells him, but K doesn't believe him at first, so they go out to stop Boris. Only problem, J doesn't exactly know what happened, so he's not sure where they should go. rcs0411@yahoo.com Criminal Boris the Animal (Jemaine Clement) escapes from LunarMax, a moon-based maximum security prison. He comes to Earth seeking revenge on Agent K (Tommy Lee Jones), who shot off his arm and arrested him forty years ago, and protected Earth from a Boglodyte invasion. Boris is defeated again, and he travels back in time to 1969 to kill Agent K (Josh Brolin). When Agent J notes that the timeline has changed in the present day and Agent O (Dame Emma Thompson) tells him that K died in 1969, he decides to travel to July 15, 1969 to save K the following day. Agent J has difficulties to convince the Young Agent K with lies, but when he decides to tell the truth, K believes in his words and they seek out Boris together. They are helped by the amicable alien Griiffin (Jemaine Clement), who has precognitive powers and gives the ArcNet to K to protect Earth from the Boglodyte invasion. Furthermore, J learns a secret about K and himself. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Agents J (Will Smith) and K (Tommy Lee Jones) have seen some inexplicable things in Agent J's fourteen years with the Men In Black intelligence agency. When an alien assassin by the name of Boris the Animal (Jemaine Clement) escapes from the LunarMax prison, all bets are off. Time travel has been discovered and Boris tracks down the people who are responsible for creating it. Boris travels back in time to 1969 - the year that Agent K had shot off his arm and deployed a shield that led to Boris' race's extinction. As Agent J delves deep into the case, he soon finds himself travelling back to 1969. There, he meets the young Agent K (Josh Brolin) - who is every bit as awkward and demeaning as the elder Agent K is. J and K have their differences, but soon discovers that Boris has a much more sinister motive than originally thought. With the help of an alien super being named Griffin who can see into alternate realities, J and K begin a pursuit of Boris The Animal that takes them to Cape Canaveral, Florida just in time for the Apollo 11 launch. There, secrets that could change time and space forever are revealed. halo1k After nearly four decades of imprisonment, the hideous extraterrestrial and Agent K's arch-nemesis, Boris the Animal, manages to escape the lunar maximum-security prison, Lunar Max, bent on revenge. With this in mind, the powerful alien travels back in time to 1969, where a fresh and inexperienced version of a young Agent K exists; however, Agent J, too, takes a step back in history, teaming up with his old/new taciturn companion, to thwart the interplanetary visitor's evil schemes. Nevertheless, can this brand-new team of reluctant partners re-establish order and peace in the universe? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Men in Black are a secret law-enforcement agency that is responsible for policing the extraterrestrial life hidden on Earth, as well as protecting the world from any aliens who attempt to destroy/invade the planet. The film begins on LunarMax, a MiB prison situated on the moon. A one-armed criminal, a Boglodite named Boris the Animal, stages a jailbreak (along the way killing Obadiah Price, a fellow inmate he'd made a deal with). His intention is to rewrite history, with Agent K, the one who arrested and imprisoned him, being a major factor in his plan... On Earth, Agent K and his partner Agent J cover up an arrival of an alien spacecraft, and hear of the prison break. At a Chinese restaurant that's a local haunt for aliens, Agent K discovers Boris (who had previously gone to see Obadiah's son Jeffrey) and the two fight, with J joining in. K is upset that the alien he should have killed is out loose again; he deems it his own affair and forbids J to help him, suspending him. A puzzled J checks up on Boris: he appeared in 1969 to prevent the deployment of the ArcNet Shield, a device that K deployed to protect the world from harm (but which killed off the Boglodites, as they can only survive by feeding off worlds). He managed to kill on 15 July 1969 an alien named Roman the Fabulous and on the following day... at this point O cuts him off and tells him not to investigate any further. That night, as K waits for Boris with a gun in his hand, he suddenly vanishes... The next morning, J discovers that he has a new partner, the liberated Agent AA, and that K has been dead for forty years (having been killed by Boris the Animal on 16th July 1969). O notices he is suffering from headaches and craves chocolate milk, which she explains are symptoms of time-fracture (aka the crime of interfering with history, which Obadiah Price was imprisoned for). At this point a Boglodite armada appears; J learns that there was nothing to hold them at bay, with no K to deploy the ArcNet. He theorizes that Boris went back in time to 1969 to kill K, thus changing history to what it was, and proposes to follow him; he heads to Jeffrey Price, who had provided Boris a time-jump device, and gets another one from him, and activates it by jumping off the Chrysler Building just as the Boglodites begin their assault... J arrives in 15 July 1969, with the intention to catch Boris as he is about to murder Roman the Fabulous. However, he is delayed from navigating the era of 1969 (most notably by an altercation with two racist cops), and gets there too late to stop Roman's murder by 1969 Boris. He encounters 1969 Agent K, who subdues him and brings him to MiB headquarters. J tells K nothing, but when threatened with getting his memory erased he tells K part of the truth: he came from the future in pursuit of another time-traveler who's trying to change history. K and J follow a trail of clues to Andy Warhol's Factory complex, where Warhol is revealed to be MiB Agent W. He notifies them of Griffin, an Arcanian being who has the ability to foresee all timelines and futures; Griffin's planet was destroyed by the Boglodites, so he came to live on Earth and brought with him a device which will prevent the Boglodites from consuming the Earth. 1969 Boris arrives at the Factory in search of Griffin, who makes a quick exit with Boris in fast pursuit (to J's displeasure, although K doesn't seem to get too worried). J and K eventually track down Griffin at Shea Stadium, where he is foreseeing the future victory for the Mets baseball team. 1969 Boris appears and captures Griffin, but J and K are able to rescue Griffin, although Boris gets away. Griffin gives them the ArcNet and explains it can only work in zero gravity: K gets the idea to head to Cape Canaveral on 16th July 1969 (the day the Apollo 11 ship launched), and attach it to the spacecraft. He is immovable in this plan, so J reveals to him his imminent death, to K's shock. Griffin explains to J that for history to work out fine K must be the one to deploy the ArcNet; J asks if there is any chance K will survive, and Griffin is affirmative, but somberly notes that at any point of death occurring, it will occur. Meanwhile, present Boris arrives in 1969 and meets his younger self... K, J and Griffin arrive at Cape Canaveral, where they are accosted by a Colonel guarding the facility. Griffin instructs them to tell the truth to succeed, which they do; the Colonel doesn't believe them, but when Griffin shows him the future he changes his mind and assists J and K in reaching the shuttle. Griffin takes his leave at this point, advising J that when K blows Boris's arm off the timeline will be restored back to normal and he can return home. J and K confront the two Borises, who were waiting for them at the shuttle launching pad. K and 1969 Boris fight, while J takes on the current Boris. J is mortally wounded by Boris, but manages to knock Boris into the launching shuttle's exhaust blast; he then time-jumps to before Boris's attack, managing to repeat himself and avoid Boris's attacks. Meanwhile, K blows off 1969 Boris's arm and manages to attach the ArcNet to the shuttle as it launches. In the aftermath of the launch, as J is about to time-jump home he witnesses from afar K thanking the Colonel for his assistance and offering him a job with MiB. Then 1969 Boris appears and kills the Colonel, but K kills him instantly (1969 Boris expected to be arrested for the next 40 years and then go back in time, but J had previously advised K to straightaway execute Boris when he surrenders). Then K witnesses a young boy, the Colonel's son, arrive looking for his father; K sadly neuralyzes the boy and takes him for a walk. A shocked J realizes that that boy was him, and that K has played a vital part in his life. Upon returning to the present, he tells K he knows what happened and understands, and K says it was a privilege to have J as his partner. The film ends with Griffin happily observing that all's well that ended well... then he sees K forgot to leave a tip, and foresees a meteor smashing into the Earth. Then K returns and leaves the tip, and with relief Griffin foresees a satellite appear in the meteor's path, halting it and keeping the Earth safe. 