nm0004394:

 Shogun Cop (1999)Summaries Robert Patrick and Jerry Trimble starring in this american/japanese high-octane fantasy action/adventure/ martial arts movie about a sword-wielding superhero. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Point Doom (2000)Summaries A Hollywood talent agent's girlfriend thrusts him into a world of strip clubs, drugs and deadly motorcycle gangs. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kept (2001)Summaries A murderous couple commit a series of sex related murders while two police detectives investigate the crimes. Dead bodies are piling up, and the leads the two LA homicide cops have point to Barbara, business manager for a successful architectural firm she runs with her husband Lance. The dead men were interns at the firm, and each of them was Barbara's lover (kept in a classy flat she owns and observed via closed-circuit TV by the applauding Lance). Kyle is Barbara's latest intern and lover, and he may be in danger. He also starts to fall in love with Barbara, and the feeling may be mutual. In the background are Erin, Lance and Barbara's myopic administrative assistant, and Tony, Kyle's one-time roommate who also knows Barbara. Can the cops solve this before too many more die? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Escape Under Pressure (2000)Summaries A car ferry carrying a valuable artifact is sunk by a group of international thieves. Elgin Bates, a billionaire art collector, hires a British sociopath to help him find a priceless, long-lost, storied sculpture. Bates's man unearths the sculpture in Greece, but it's taken from him by Athens customs agents and put on a tourist ship bound for a museum on Lesbos. En route, Bates's hired guns hijack the ship, start a fire fight with soldiers guarding the statue, and prepare to rendezvous with a sub in Bates's hire. On the ship are a scholar and her daredevil husband. She recognizes the statue and grabs it before the sociopath can. With the ship sinking, she and her husband are under figurative and literal pressure to find a way to escape with their lives and the statue. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 