nm0004179:

 Hold Me Tight (2010)Summaries What should be just another school day for teenagers Sara, Mikkel, Louise and Hassan turns out forever scarred. One-by-one seemingly minor events snowball things completely out of control, and leaves everyone involved marked for life. A film about peer pressure and taking responsibility for one's own life. The story revolves around Sara, Mikkel, Hassan and Louise, four teenagers, who are searching for their own identity and an anchor in their lives. One ill-fated day in the classroom a misunderstanding is thrown out of proportion and creates a wave of chaos. Suddenly they are the guilty ones and the victims of a game that has got out of hand. mesmermann It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cecilie (2007)211) Cecilie experiences a rape, but no traces are found. Her husband commits her to a psychiatric hospital. With the help of a psychiatrist she sees a frightening connection between her condition and a brutal murder dating more than 30 years back TrustNordisk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cecilie is a young married woman ready to get back into her teaching career after a long leave of absence. All seems well at first, but she starts having strange nightmares and visions that are disrupting her job and her marriage. Driven to learn the meaning behind her nightmares, with the help of a think-outside-the-box psychiatrist, Cecilie now has to unravel clues to a murder that happened years ago, so history does not repeat itself. Neither Cecilie or her doctor can imagine what horrors she may have to face. (c/o Yahoo movies) 
 Taxa (19971999)Summaries Two rival cab companies in the danish capital of Copenhagen. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Village (19911996)Summaries When Eva gets of the bus in sterby, everything changes. Secrets are revealed. What happened 25 years ago? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 