nm0004607:

 Jumper (2008)541) A teenager with teleportation abilities suddenly finds himself in the middle of an ancient war between those like him and their sworn annihilators. David Rice is a high school student in Ann Arbor, abandoned by his mother at five, living with his callous, alcoholic father, enamored with Millie, a fellow student, and picked on by at least one classmate. On a winter's day, while about to drown, he discovers he can transport himself instantaneously to anyplace on earth. He runs away from home, goes to New York City, robs a bank vault, and comes to the attention of a shadowy group of government hunters. Eight years later, the hunters, led by the murderous Roland, get a fix on David. He heads home, searches out Millie, invites her to travel with him, and only later realizes that Roland and his crew are seriously deadly. Is everyone close to David in danger? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Twenty-something David Rice has known for eight years, since he was a teenager in high school in Ann Arbor, that he could teleport himself to anywhere in the world at anytime, this skill which he stumbled upon by happenstance at a most opportune time. He honed his abilities so that he could get away from his high school bullies and his alcoholic single father - his mother who abandoned them when David was five - by stealing money to live a lavish, adventurous, new life in New York City, with everyone from his old life believing him dead. He decides to return to Ann Arbor to reconnect with his high school friend/crush, Millie Harris, and give her the travel adventures she always wanted. He does so as he values his life even more now after discovering that someone is after him and seemingly trying to kill him, that person who knows that he is a "jumper". David learns that he is not alone, that there are fellow jumpers in the world, who are in a war with this man, Roland, and his well organized, high tech and motivated group of religious fanatics, the Paladins, who believe jumpers are an aberration to be destroyed. David may be further illuminated about his situation by someone from his distant past. He also quickly figures out that by bringing Millie back into his life, he has placed her in mortal danger. Although he doesn't want to tell her the entire truth, David also has to decide if telling her the truth would be a safer option for her than not. Huggo David Rice lives in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He was left by his mother when he was five years old. The teenaged David does not have a good relationship with his father; and he has a crush on his schoolmate Millie Harris. When David gives a snow globe with the Eiffel Tower to Millie, the bully Mark Kobold throws it onto a frozen river. David tries to retrieve the object, but the ice shatters and David fall under the ice. Suddenly he teleports himself to a library and discovers that he has the ability to jump anywhere he wants. He decides to run away from home, moving to New York, and uses his power to rob a bank vault. Eight years later, David is living in a fancy apartment in New York and having a life full of adventure, traveling to the most exotic places in the world. He decides to visit Millie in Ann Arbor and invites her to visit Rome. While in the Coliseum, David meets the jumper Griffin that explains to him that the dangerous Roland Cox and his team of paladins are chasing him and his family and friends are in danger. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shy teen David Rice ( Max Thieriot ) has a crush on pretty Millie ( AnnaSophia Robb ), who dreams of travelling the world. When he surprises her with a small gift, a snow globe of the Eiffel Tower, teasing bully Mark ( Jesse James ) grabs it and throws it out onto the icy surface of the river. Determined, David ventures out on the ice and retrieves it, waving ... then falls through the ice and is swept away from the opening by the swift current. He is certain to die in the freezing water, without air ... and suddenly finds himself lying prone in the library between the bookcases, in a huge gush of gallons of water, gasping and alive. He trudges home, soaking wet, where his father ( Michael Rooker ) chews him out. David enters his room, putting a chain on the door ... but when his angry father bursts it open, there is only a swirl of wind - David has vanished. He finds himself in the damp aisle of the darkened library, and realises he has teleported there yet again. It dawns on him that he finally has a way to change his life, to escape his situation, the same way his mother abandoned the family when he was five. He teleports home and retrieves a small stash of money and a few belongings. But before he leaves town, he stops outside Millie's house. Millie is not consoled by her mother's arms; she is sure that David is dead. She hears a noise outside, steps cautiously out into the yard ... and finds the snowglobe sitting on the swingset. From this she knows he is alive, but he does not respond to her calls. The next day he is on a bus to the city, where he rents a cheap room. He practices teleporting in the park, learning how to control his power. Then he cases a bank, and robs it by teleporting directly in to the vault in the middle of the night. He laughs as he realises his bag isn't big enough to take away all the money ... teleports back to his shabby hotel for another bag ... and repeats this until his room is awash in money and he lies on a bed of it. However, the mysterious Roland ( Samuel L. Jackson ) appears at the bank investigation, claiming to be from the NSA, remarkably unsurprised by this locked door robbery. It is evident that he knows about teleport abilities, and is part of a powerful group that wants to find this bank robber. Years have gone by, and David ( Hayden Christensen ) has an expensive city apartment, papered with pictures of his world travels, and a small vault room full of money. He enjoys the pleasures of life wherever they are: surfing in Fiji, lunching atop the Sphinx in Egypt, picking up a girl in a British pub. He phases from one spot to another in his home, rather than walking even two paces, and disregards the troubles of ordinary people shown on television trapped in rising floodwaters. His peace is disturbed by the arrival of Roland, whose electrical weapon and wires prevent David from teleporting. We learn that Roland's mission in life is to destroy jumpers (people who teleport), for "only God should have the power to be everywhere." Desperate, David manages somehow to get away, teleporting back to his boyhood bedroom. His father is alerted to his presence, and comes to the bedroom door, begging him to stay. David teleports away as his father forces the door open. His idyllic lifestyle disrupted, he decides to see his lost love, Millie ( Rachel Bilson ). He finds her still in the same town, working at a bar. His old nemesis Mark ( Teddy Dunn ) manages to start a fight once again ... and in a rush David teleports with him into a bank vault, then leaves him there. Returning to the bar, he asks Millie to go with him to Rome. She is shocked, but as it's her lifelong dream she can only accept. When they get to Rome, he enjoys her delight as he shows her around the ancient city, but is balked when they find the Coliseum closed. Rather than take "no" for an answer and return another day, he goes around the corner ... and when she catches up, he is holding a gate open to admit her. He continues to open doors from the inside as they pursue their private tour ... until they try to go down to the floor of the stadium. Suddenly he is surprised to meet another jumper, Griffin ( Jamie Bell ), who informs him that he's not the only one and that there is a whole group of people like Roland, paladins, who want to kill jumpers ... and two of them suddenly turn up. Griffin is prepared to fight their methods, and eventually subdues the attackers and teleports away. David follows Griffin's teleport to his lair, asking questions. He is bewildered, and Griffin's brief explanations (such as explaining he will drop a paladin into some sharks) do nothing to enlighten him. Griffin explains that David cannot afford to have a girlfriend, family, or friends ... that they are all dead, that the paladins will kill them to get to him. David returns to Millie and agrees to leave, and they get away from officials inside the Coliseum - only to be detained outside. David doesn't jump - he tells Millie to go back to the hotel, but she refuses. Hours later, David is still being questioned by the police, who are holding him and his passport until some other authorities arrive. Suddenly, a woman ( Diane Lane ) appears, telling him to get out and abandon his girl, telling him how many minutes he has to escape. He recognises her from his childhood pictures - she is his mother!! He finds Millie and takes her to the airport, then explains sorrowfully that he cannot go back home with her. In the meantime, Roland has been brought in to talk to Mark, whom David left in a bank vault. Mark, exhausted from repeatedly telling his story to disbelieving officials, explains who David is, where they are from, everything he knows. Seizing this opportunity, Roland visits David's father. David returns to ask Griffin more questions, and this time the risk to his family sinks in. He teleports to his childhood home, and finds his father on the floor. Crying, he teleports his father to a hospital emergency room, trying to get help for him. He teleports to see Mark in jail, asking what he told Roland. Mark says he told him everything. David realises that Millie will be in danger as soon as she gets off the plane in the USA, but when he asks Griffin for help, Griffin refuses. David follows Griffin through jumps, trying to convince him. Griffin swipes a car and they ride together, Griffin teleporting the car through traffic as it suits him. They exchange some bits of information: the paladins killed Griffin's parents when he was five, and David's mother left when he was five. David asks about teleporting the car, and Griffin laughingly tells of a jumper who tried to teleport a building - he died in the attempt. Finally, Griffin agrees to help David for a "limited engagement" - the many drawings of Roland in Griffin's home make it clear that he has a grudge against this paladin. They arrive in the USA - and Millie's flight already arrived an hour before. He teleports to her apartment, hoping to get her out quickly - but Roland and his attack squad arrive before he can begin to explain. He manages to teleport her to Griffin's lair - and Griffin chews him out for it, because Roland can directly follow his teleport! Griffin prepares to abandon his home, but when Roland appears an epic battle begins. At one point Griffin teleports a bus at Roland, who manages to dive underneath it as it bounces. David is trapped, webbed up in a corner of the room by Roland's electrical wiring to be disposed of later. As Millie frees David, her anger at the situation and fear of his strange power are evident. She demands that he just take her home, and leave her alone. Naturally, she is soon captured and held hostage. Griffin plans to take a bomb to Millie's apartment to kill Roland ... however, this will involve killing everyone else there, including Millie. David doesn't want that, so the two of them teleport around the world, fighting over the bomb, then over the detonator, falling from the Empire State Building and appearing in a war zone, where David finally traps Griffin in some fallen power lines as effective as Roland's traps. David returns to Millie's apartment, knowing he's walking into the lion's den. They use electric wires all around him to tie him down, anchoring them to the walls. David has Millie move close to him, and, remembering Griffin's story, David doesn't try to move the whole building - just the parts attached to the anchor wires. As he uses his power, the building begins to rip apart, and the roof shatters as the apartment disappears out from under it. David teleports Roland to a cave and leaves him there, saying he should be grateful he didn't drop him at the sharks. David vanishes, and Roland walks to the cave opening - finding himself up an isolated cliff in the Grand Canyon. It is winter, and we see David walk up to an expensive home and knock. A teenage girl ( Kristen Stewart ) answers the door, followed moments later by David's mom, who sends her daughter to her room. David is there to find out what it all means, and why she left him as a child. She explains that she is a paladin, and when he made his first teleport at age 5 she could not kill him, so she left him because she loved him. He thinks she should do more - and she explains that she is, right now, because she's giving him a head start. He realises he will not get more from her. He leaves the house, and Millie meets him outside. He asks where she wants to go, and she says, "Surprise Me." They teleport away. 
 The Score (2001)431) An aging thief hopes to retire and live off his ill-gotten wealth when a young kid convinces him into doing one last heist. Three generations of method acting giants unite for this crime thriller written by Kario Salem and directed by Frank Oz. Robert De Niro stars as Nick Wells, an aging thief whose specialty is safe-cracking and who is on the verge of retiring to a life of ease, running his jazz club and romancing his girlfriend Diane (Angela Bassett). But before he can ride off into the sunset, Nick is pressured to do one last job by his mentor and business partner, a flamboyant and extravagant upscale fence named Max (Marlon Brando). Max is plotting the heist of the Montreal Customs House, and he's got a man on the inside, Jackie Teller (Edward Norton), a talented but volatile crook who has managed to ingratiate himself with the facility's staff as a fellow employee suffering from cerebral palsy. Jackie bristles at Nick's interference in "his" score, however, and threatens violence when it seems he's going to be cut out of the action. In the meantime, Nick grows increasingly ill at ease about the operation, as it violates his two most important dictum in thievery: always work alone and never pull a job in your own city. Nick Wells, a professional criminal, decides to leave the business for good, since he nearly got caught on his last job. His plan is to live in peace with his girl Diane, running his Montreal jazz club. Soon afterward, Max, his good friend and financial partner, comes along with an offer Nick can't refuse: A historical and priceless French scepter has been discovered while being smuggled into the country. It is now under massive surveillance in the Montreal Customs House, and soon to be returned to France. Nick has to team up with Max's man inside, the young, talented and aggressive thief Jack Teller to get the precious item. Only one question remains: Who will trick whom out of their share? JungleBunny Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After nearly being caught on a routine burglary, master safe-cracker Nick Wells (Robert De Niro) decides the time has finally come to retire from his illegal activities and focus on running his jazz club. Nick's flight attendant girlfriend, Diane (Angela Bassett), encourages this decision, promising to fully commit to their relationship if he does indeed go straight. Nick, however, is lured into taking one final score by his fence Max (Marlon Brando). The job, worth a $4 million pay off to Nick, is to steal a valuable French scepter, which was being smuggled illegally into the United States through Canada but was accidentally discovered and kept at the Montral Customs House. Max introduces Nick to Jack Teller (Edward Norton), an ambitious, albeit foolhardy, thief who has infiltrated the Customs House and gained access to information regarding the security by pretending to be an intellectually disabled janitor named Brian. Nick hires his associate Steven (Jamie Harrold) to hack into the Custom House's security system to obtain the bypass codes, allowing them to temporarily manipulate the alert protocols of the system during the heist. Steven is caught, however, by a systems administrator who extorts Nick for $50,000 for the information. More complications arise when they're forced to move up their time-table after the Customs House becomes aware of the true value of the scepter and adds extra CCTV cameras to monitor it while preparing to return it to its rightful owners. Nick uses a sewer tunnel to enter the Customs House basement as Jack uses the bypass codes to rig the cameras to shut off while Nick sneaks into the storage room. One of the janitors stumbles upon Jack as he is working and realizes that he is not really Brian, but Jack locks him in a closet. Meanwhile Nick fills the enormous in-floor safe containing the scepter with water before inserting and detonating a depth charge to blow off the door. He quickly packs up the scepter in a carrying case to depart, but Jack double crosses him and at gunpoint demands he hand over the scepter. Nick reluctantly gives up the carrying case and seconds later the alarm, rigged by Jack, alerts the entire security team to the heist. Nick darts for the sewer entrance he came in as Jack heads back upstairs, tucking the carrying case inside his janitor jumpsuit and slipping past the incoming police units responding to the burglary. Nick escapes the security guards chasing him through the sewer tunnels. After making it to a bus station to flee the city, Jack calls Nick to gloat but is shocked to discover that Nick has anticipated Jack's actions. He opens the carrying case Nick gave him and discovers it contains a steel rod weighed down with bushings. Brushing off Jack's threats of vengeance, Nick advises Jack to flee as "every cop in the city" will now be looking for him. Nick hangs up and boards a boat with the real scepter as a shocked Jack broods over his situation. Later, Max smiles as he watches a news broadcast reporting a massive manhunt being organized to find Jack, the prime suspect, and an unidentified accomplice. Nick then meets Diane at the airport as she returns from work, and she happily accepts a kiss and hug from him 
 X-Men (2000)761) In a world where mutants (evolved super-powered humans) exist and are discriminated against, two groups form for an inevitable clash: the supremacist Brotherhood, and the pacifist X-Men. In a world where both Mutants and Humans fear each other, Marie, better known as Rogue, runs away from home and hitches a ride with another mutant, known as Logan, a.k.a. Wolverine. Professor Charles Xavier, who owns a school for young mutants, sends Storm and Cyclops to bring them back before it is too late. Magneto, who believes a war is approaching, has an evil plan in mind, and needs young Rogue to help him. Film_Fan Born with extraordinary abilities in a world filled with fear, prejudice, and intolerance, the next link in the chain of human evolution, the powerful meta-humans, will soon have to choose sides. As the telepathic mutant, Professor Charles Xavier, struggles to achieve a peaceful coexistence between the two species, hoping that the gifted students of his institute will use their powers for good, his old friend and super-human antagonist, Magneto, prepares for war. Now, Professor X's newest students--the teenage mutant with the deadly touch, Rogue, and the body-regenerating, adamantium-infused Logan, aka Wolverine--find themselves caught in the middle of a violent confrontation; one that would either stop or usher in a new era in the history of homo superior. Can Xavier's X-Men put an end to Magneto's megalomaniac vision? Nick Riganas In the near future, when children are being born with a special X-factor in their genes, giving them special powers and making them mutants, the seeds of a new Holocaust are being sown by Senator Robert Kelly. The situation brings into opposition the fellow mutants and former friends, Erik Lehnsherr, a.k.a. Magneto, and Professor Charles Xavier. While Xavier wants a peaceful means of stopping the hatred toward mutants, Magneto seeks to even things out with a machine that would speed up the mutation process in all humans, making everyone equal. To stop Magneto, Xavier brings together a special group of mutants called "X-Men" to stop him. In the meantime, two mysterious mutants emerge: Logan, a powerful and aggressive mutant with no past, no memories, and a young girl named Rogue. Their quests for identities eventually land them in the sights of Xavier and Magneto, but for what purpose? Justin Clark <LostFallenAngel@aol.com> After the death of his family at the hands of the Nazis, Magnus, a mutant, vows revenge on all humanity. Meanwhile, a group of good mutants is assembled by Professor Charles Xavier, who trains and cares for them. Magnus, now under the guise of Magneto, assembles the villains Sabertooth and Mystique to destroy anyone who gets in his way, including a furry Canadian mutant named Logan (Wolverine). A fierce battle ensues between Sabertooth and Wolverine. Xavier's group, the X-Men, recruits Logan just in time to learn of Magneto's dastardly plan to destroy the world. Jacob Mathison <dkrogh3850@aol.com> Across the world, children are born with an extra twist to their chromosomes that allow them to exhibit superhuman abilities: fire a beam of force from their eyes, sprout wings that allow flight, or read people's minds. These "children of the atom" are often feared and despised by the world, forcing these mutants to resort to desperate actions. However, one group of mutants have banded together to show the world that it need not fear their kind. Apart, they are simply scientific curiosities, freaks, and monsters, but together, united by their shared belief, they are more. They are the uncanny X-Men. Joe Button <joe@iximd.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Evolution of some lifeform to another is a slow process which takes thousands of years, but every few hundred millennia, some abrupt change may happen giving rise to what is called mutants with special properties and powers. In a world where both humans and mutants are living, a group of mutants that seeks peace and friendship with humans, is led by Professor Charles Xavier who has ability to control others' thoughts and actions; and his students Dr Jean Grey who has telepathic and telekinetic abilities; Cyclops who has the ability to fire an optic blast from his eyes; and Storm who has ability to create storm and lightning. Another group of mutants comprise Sabretooth who features a sabre-tooth, Toad who features a frog like tongue, and Mystique who is a shape-shifter. They are led by Magneto who harbors deep hatred for human race due to his tragic past as a boy Eric in Nazi ruled Poland and now has the ability to create magnetic field. In US Congress, Senator Robert Kelly attempts to pass a "Mutant Registration Act", which would force mutants to publicly reveal their identities and abilities. Magneto begins his plans to fight against humans. Meanwhile, a mutant girl named Marie (a.k.a Rogue) discovers that the touch of her skin physically hurts that person by absorbing their energy/powers and runs away from her home in Mississippi. In Canada, she meets another mutant Wolverine (a.k.a. Logan) who has quick healing power and retractable metallic claws which he brings out from inside his body when threatened. After a fight, Logan drives away in his truck and gives Rogue a lift. Suddenly, both of them are attacked by Sabretooth. Cyclops & Storm arrive and save Logan & Rogue and bring them to Prof Xavier's mansion. Prof Xavier reveals to Logan that he runs the facility in the disguise of a school where they educate young mutants in the responsible use of their powers, who may either rejoin the human society or stay there as "X-Men". Below the surface, they aim to stop Magneto from starting a war with humanity. Rogue joins the school and likes a boy named Bobby Drake there. Senator Kelly, the face of anti-mutant public demonstrations, is abducted by Mystique & Toad and taken to Magneto. Magneto runs a machine that emits a radiation on Kelly and artificially induces mutation, though Kelly manages to escape imprisonment with his new abilities. After an accident causes Rogue to absorb Logan's powers, she is convinced by Mystique (disguised as Bobby) that others are now afraid of her and she should leave the school. Xavier has a machine called Cerebro to locate the mutants around and he uses that to locate the fleeing Rogue at a train station. Mystique infiltrates Cerebro and sabotages the machine. Logan grabs a bike to reach the train station and convinces Rogue to stay with Xavier. Cyclops and Storm too reach the station searching for her but a fight ensues when Magneto, Toad and Sabretooth arrive and they take Rogue. Kelly, now a new mutant, seeks help of Dr Grey at Xavier's school to cure him, but he dissolves into a puddle of water when his mutation becomes unstable. Magneto brings Rogue to Liberty Island and places his machine atop the Statue of Liberty. He intends to use his machine on the world leaders who are meeting for a UN summit on nearby Ellis Island and change them into mutants. The X-Men learn that the machine draws its energy from Magneto and thus weakened him in previous use, to the point of nearly killing him, so he has abducted Rogue who can be used to absorb his powers and then be used to start his machine. Xavier attempts to use Cerebro to locate Rogue but the compromised machine sends him into a coma. Jean fixes it and locates Rogue on Liberty Island. Logan, Jean, Cyclops and Storm take a jet to arrive at the top of the statue and a fight ensues with Mystique disguised as Logan. Toad is killed by Storm's lightning and Mystique is apparently killed by Logan, but then Magneto incapacitates the group with his magnetic powers. The X-men tell Magneto that Kelly is dead and his machine is a killer, not converter. However Magneto goes ahead with his plan arguing it to be fair. Magneto transfers his powers to Rogue who is forced to sit inside the machine and then start it. Logan breaks free and initiates a fight with Sabretooth. Cyclops, with Jean's help, blasts his optic rays on Sabretooth smashing him out of the statue. With Jean stabilizing him, Storm creates a storm to propel Logan to the top of Magneto's machine. With time running out, Logan attempts to stop the machine and save Rogue, but Magneto, now having regained some of his strength, halts Logan's claws. Cyclops manages to find a clean shot, wounding Magneto and allowing Logan to destroy the machine and the radiation stops short of reaching the people. Placing his hand to her face, Logan succeeds in transferring his regenerative abilities to a dying Rogue who recovers. Magneto is arrested. Professor Xavier recovers from his coma and the group finds that Mystique is still alive, now impersonating Senator Kelly. In an attempt to help Logan learn more about his past, Xavier sends him to a military base near Alkali Lake. Xavier visits Magneto in his prison, who warns that he will continue his war, to which Xavier promises that he (and the X-Men) will always be there to stop him. 
 Jason X (2001)651) Jason Voorhees is cryogenically frozen at the beginning of the 21st century, and is discovered in the 25th century and taken to space. He gets thawed, and begins stalking and killing the crew of the spaceship that's transporting him. In the Year 2008, Jason Vorhees is cryogenically frozen in a Government Facility in Camp Crystal Lake, along with scientist Rowan. Many centuries later, in the year 2455, Earth is uninhabitable, and humans have moved to another planet known as Earth II. However, a team of students awakens both him and Rowan on a spaceship known as the Grendel. Jason begins killing the students and crew of the ship. Along the way, he is upgraded to Uber Jason. It's now up to Rowan and the surviving students to stop Jason, this time on a spaceship. updated by Lucy Gillam Set way in the future, Earth is no longer inhabitable, so humans have colonized in outer space. One colony receives two cryogenically frozen bodies, and when they defrost them, one of the bodies turns out to be.....who else? Jason Voorhees. No longer in the forest or Camp Crystal Lake, Jason stalks the colonists in a whole new environment. Moley In the future, Earth is no longer inhabitable. A school field trip leads the class and a few marine grunts to the remains of Camp Crystal Lake where they discover two croygenically frozen bodies, one of a beautiful young woman, and the other, a vaguely familiar looking man in a hockey mask and carrying a machete in his right hand. The group decides to bring the bodies back for testing and re-animation. But what was the first mistake, bringing the two bodies back with them or thawing them out so that the unstoppable Jason Voorhees (Kane Hodder) can return again to wreak havok and murder everyone in his sight? But what if Jason was upgraded, making him more dangerous than he ever was before? Will Finally captured in the year 2008, Jason Voorhees ( Kane Hodder ) is held inside a government research facility whose scientists try to answer the question that keeps eluding them - why one of the most infamous mass murderers in history cannot die. Once Rowan ( Lexa Doig ), leader of the research project, prepares the specimen for cryogenic suspension, a greedy scientist goes over her head and comes to remove Jason, only to have the mad slasher break free and slaughter him and his entire entourage. Tricking Jason into following her, Rowan eludes him into entering the cryogenic freezer and begins the process, but a breach in the system causes her to freeze with him. The government tries to deny any evidence of the project, and nearly four centuries pass, during which the Earth gradually becomes less and less habitable and humans have relocated to a planet in another star system that they've named Earth II. A team of young students descends onto the ruined Earth, where they find the frozen bodies of Jason and Rowan in the forgotten research facility and take back on board their ship with them. Rowan is thawed and revived, but the team mistakes Jason to be dead, having no idea of his abilities or motives. Before long, Jason awakens to the sound of young people having premarital sex once again, and the carnage erupts once again as the ship proceeds to Earth II. The remaining survivors fight for their lives as the centuries-old mad slasher proves that he is just as evil and just as indestructible during their time as he was centuries before. Curly Q. Link Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2008, Jason Voorhees is captured by the U.S. government and is being held at the Crystal Lake Research Facility. Two years later, Rowan LaFontaine, a government scientist, decides to place Jason in cryogenic suspension after several unsuccessful attempts to kill him. While Private Samuel Johnson places a blanket on Jason (who is hanging in chains) Dr. Aloysius Bartholomew Wimmer, Segeant Marcus, and a few soldiers hope to conduct further research into Jason's rapid cellular regeneration and instead try to take Jason. They pull off the blanket of what is supposedly Jason, but find a dead Johnson instead. Having broken free of his restraints, Jason kills the team of soldiers. Wimmer is killed by being impaled with a thrown machete. Rowan then spots Marcus thrown through the door. Before dying, he tells her to run. Rowan successfully lures him into a cryonic pod and activates it. However, Jason ruptures the pod with his machete and stabs Rowan in the abdomen, spilling cryonic fluid into the sealed room and freezing them both. In the year 2455, Earth has become too polluted to support life and humanity has moved to a new planet, called Earth Two located about 20 light years in the next solar system. Three students, Tsunaron, Janessa, and Azrael are on a field trip to the ruins of Earth One, led by Professor Brandon Lowe who is accompanied by an android, KM-14. They enter the Crystal Lake facility and find the still frozen Jason and Rowan, whom they bring to their spaceship, the Grendel. Also on the ship are Lowe's remaining students, Kinsa, Waylander, and Stoney. Once there, they reanimate Rowan while Jason is pronounced dead and left in the morgue. Lowe's intern, Adrienne, is ordered to dissect Jason's body. Lowe, who is in serious debt, calls his financial backer Dieter Perez of the Solaris who notes that Jason's body could be worth a substantial amount to a collector. While Stoney has sex with Kinsa, Jason comes back to life, and kills Adrienne by sticking her head in a sink filled with liquid nitrogen and smashing it against a counter top. Jason then takes a machete-shaped surgical tool and makes his way through the ship. He kills Stoney by impaling him with the surgical tool, and drags him away, to Kinsa's horror. Seargent Brodski finds out, and leads a group of soldiers to attack Jason. Meanwhile, Jason attacks Dallas and Azrael playing a game. He kills Azrael by breaking his back, and later Dallas is killed after having his face smashed on the wall. He then tries to attack Crutch, but Brodski and his soldiers save him by gunning him down. Jason disappears, and Brodski splits them up. Jason kills them one by one though. Sven is killed by having his neck broken. Condor is impaled on a drill. Geko is murdered after Jason slits her throat. Jason attacks Kicker, but he shoots him, causing him to back up and get impaled on a grappel. While Kicker tells Brodski, Jason unhooks himself and splits Kicker in half, killing him. Brodski tries looking for his soldiers, but comes across the dead body of Briggs impaled on a hook. Brodski is then impaled by two spikes through a wall, injuring him. Lowe orders Pilot Lou to dock in on Solaris. As he is talking with the Solaris engineer, he is then killed by Jason. With no pilot, the ship crashes through a nearby space station, destroying it, and killing Dieter Perez, and everyone else on the Solaris. The crash damages one of the Grendel's pontoon sections. Jason breaks into the lab, reclaiming his machete and decapitates Lowe. With the ship badly damaged, the remaining survivors head for Grendel's shuttle, while Tsunaron heads elsewhere with KM-14. After finding Lou's remains, Crutch and Waylander prepare the shuttle. Rowan finds Brodski, but is too heavy for her to carry, so she leaves to get help. Waylander leaves to help with him, while Crutch prepares the shuttle himself. Suddenly, Crutch is attacked and killed by having his head smashed on the control panel. On board the shuttle, Kinsa has a panic attack and launches the shuttle without releasing the fuel line causing it to crash into the ship's hull and explode, immolating her. Suddenly, Seargent Brodski attacks Jason, but is easily overpowered. Tsunaron reappears with an upgraded KM-14, complete with an array of weapons and new combat skills. She fights Jason off and seemingly kills him, knocking him into a nanite-equipped medical station, and blasting off his right arm, left leg, his right rib cage and finally part of his head. The survivors send out a distress call and receive a reply from a nearby patrol shuttle. Nearly an hour passes, as the survivors begin setting explosive charges to separate the remaining pontoon from the main drive section. As they work, Jason is brought back to life by the damaged medical station. Since much of his biological tissue was destroyed, he is rebuilt as an even more powerful cyborg. Jason then easily defeats KM-14 by punching her head off. As Tsunaron picks up her still functioning head, Jason attacks them, but is stopped by Waylander, who sacrifices himself by setting off the charges while the others escape. Jason survives and is blown back onto the shuttle. He punches a hole through the hull, sucking out Janessa. A power failure with the docking door forces Brodski to go EVA to fix it. Meanwhile, a hard light holographic simulation of Crystal Lake is created to distract Jason, but he sees through the deception just as the door is fixed. Brodski confronts Jason so the rest can escape. As they leave, the pontoon explodes, again propelling Jason at high-speed towards the survivors, however, Brodski intercepts Jason in mid-flight and maneuvers them both into the atmosphere of Earth Two, apparently killing them both. Tsunaron assures KM-14 that he will build a new body for her while Rowan breathes a sigh of relief. On the planet, two teens beside a forest lake set off to find where a "falling star" landed as Jason's mask sinks to the bottom of the lake. 