nm0008777:

 Who Shot Mamba? (2009)Summaries It's the story of how the death of a talking snake unleashes the power of a magic basketball. When he's accused of murdering a charismatic snake named Mamba, Merri Sherman sets into motion a chain of events that could result in the world's takeover by a cult that worships a magic basketball, known only as the Orange Roundie. His only hope to stop this is by following the instructions of an ancient prophesy, which may also be predicting his own doom. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mother and Child (2009)Summaries A drama centered around three women: A fifty-year-old woman, the daughter she gave up for adoption thirty-five years ago, and a woman looking to adopt a child of her own. Almost forty years ago, a young girl of fourteen has sex, gets pregnant, and gives her baby up for adoption. Fast-forwarding to the present day, we meet three very different women, each of whom struggles to maintain control of their lives. There's Elizabeth, a smart and successful lawyer who uses her body to her advantage. Any time she feels that she doesn't have the upper hand, and cannot control the situation, she uses her sex appeal - whether that be starting a romance with her boss when she suspects he is trying to start one himself, or finding some way to control her overly friendly neighbor and husband. Karen, meanwhile, is a bitter health care professional who obviously has a lot of heart but never shows it. She gave up a daughter at the age of fourteen (wonderfully shown rather than told, she is the young girl and mother of Elizabeth), and has never gotten over it - her bitterness inspiring her to lash out at everyone around her - even the gentle man at work who is undeniably drawn to her. Finally, Lucy is a woman who has failed to conceive with her husband, so she turns to adoption to make the family she desires. Sony Pictures Classics In Los Angeles, therapist Karen is a bitter woman that nurses terminal mother Nora with the support of her maid Tracy that has a little daughter. Karen misses her unknown daughter that she gave for adoption thirty-seven years ago when she was fourteen years old. Her new colleague Paco, who is a widower, is a gentle man and courts the unpleasant Karen. The bakery owner Lucy wishes desperately to adopt a child since she can not have a baby but her husband Joseph is not supportive to the idea. Efficient lawyer Elizabeth, who is Karen's daughter, is an independent and promiscuous woman that does not want to have a baby and has tubal ligation. When she joins the law firm of Paul, she has a love affair with him and becomes his mistress. When Nora passes away, she feels a great need to know Elizabeth. She marries Paco and his daughter Maria, who is a religious woman, convinces her to seek out Elizabeth. When Lucy meets single mother Ray, who is a demanding woman, Joseph leaves her since he does not want to raise a foster child. When Elizabeth finds that she is pregnant, she quits her job in Paul's firm and works as secretary in a small company. Their lives will be entwined in very dramatic situations. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Being American (2014)Summaries What happened that night should be a lesson to the whole world, that hatred is the greatest enemy to humanity. It is an issue that needs to be resolved by going to the root of the problem. And it needs to be resolved immediately. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alice in Murderland (2010)Summaries It's Alice's birthday and her sorority girlfriends throw her a themed party. Everyone comes as their favorite, sexy character from Wonderland. The Jabberwocky wasn't invited and brings murder and mayhem to the girls' night out. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 