nm0010460:

 The Greater Wrong (1916)Summaries James Cannon, a young engineer, anxious to better himself, finally marries Helen Maitland, an heiress. Grace Andrews, a stenographer in the employ of Cannon, secretly loves him, but he is unmindful of the fact. After their marriage, Helen's ideals regarding Cannon are shattered, for she realizes that he married her for money and they begin to draw apart. Later when her child is born they partly resume their intimacy. When Cannon suggests to Helen that she let him manage her entire estate the previous quarrel is resumed with the result that Cannon disappears and Helen then takes up society, leaving her child in the nurse's care. Returning home one evening Helen finds the child is dead, and that day she receives a letter from Cannon telling of his love for his child and that he will soon return. Helen, fearful of the consequence of her act, learns from the doctor that he has in his keeping a little child whose mother died at its birth. Helen, not knowing that this is Grace's child, decides to substitute it for her own and so Helen's child is buried with Grace. On his return Cannon finds that the child turns away from him and he is broken-hearted. With the passing years the substituted child never shows affection for Cannon and she causes him many a heartache. Helen, not knowing of the child's parentage, is fearful of the outcome. Later when the daughter is grown she and Cannon quarrel and she tells him that she never loved him as there is something in him that always prevented it. Helen, seeing that Cannon's heart is broken, confides the secret. Cannon turns on her in anger, but the doctor, who has been summoned, takes Cannon to one side and tells him that the child is really his own and of the terrible agony in which Grace died because of his neglect of her. Cannon seeks Helen and confesses his guilt. Moving Picture World synopsis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Some Boxer (1916)Summaries Bill Sykes, an ex-heavy weight champion, tries to teach Wilkens to box, but the latter makes little headway and Bill doesn't think much of him. Wilkens, however, wants to make a bluff as a boxer and an athlete, so he sneaks around to pawn shops and buys all the trophy cups and belts he can find and decorates his rooms with them. His wealthy fiance, Amy Mortimer, accompanied by her mother as chaperon, and Tom and Harry call on Wilkens, and are astounded by his display of cups. He makes a bluff that he is some boxer; therefore all insist on seeing him take a lesson from Sykes. As Sykes is sore at him for being such a "dub," It looks like his finish, but he bribes Sykes and the latter lets Wilkens knock him out. Wilkens calls on Amy at an entertainment given by her mother, and finds her in company with Mr. Hammer, a burly young man who happens to be the college champion boxer. Hammer develops into quite a rival and Wilkens seems likely to lose his girl. Tom and Harry get up a carnival of amateur sports for charity. Hammer volunteers and signs. Not to be outdone, Wilkens volunteers and signs. He then arranges with Sykes to box four rounds with him. Wilkens is supposed to win. However, when he goes to the hall the night of the carnival, he learns he can't box with Sykes. He is to go with Hammer. As he knows he is a bluff and Hammer will half kill him, he nearly swoons. When they get in the ring Hammer tells Wilkens the four rounds goes for the girl, too, and Wilkens can't help himself. They box and Hammer makes a monkey of Wilkens until he stops to wave his hand at Amy. This makes Wilkens mad, and as Hammer's head is turned away, Wilkens knocks him out and wins the girl. Moving Picture World synopsis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Mother's Confession (1915)Summaries Henry Patterson, living in Chicago with his wife, Lola, and infant boy, Harold, receives disturbing news regarding his mining interests at Denver. He goes there to investigate, and to avoid publicity, assumes the name of Henry Donovan. At Denver, he finds the mine is worthless, and faces ruin. He meets Louise Douglas, a wealthy woman, who becomes attracted to him. She makes overtures of marriage, unaware of his real identity. Henry, in a wild belief that he can save his family from poverty, marries Louise. He invents excuses to Lola, whom he still loves, for his long absence. The poor woman receives his money and affectionate letters, ignorant of his folly. In due course, Louise gives birth to a daughter, Muriel. The months lengthen into years, Lola in her solitude, has formed a strong friendship for Fred Warren, an artist, for whom she poses. The artist, believing Lola to be a widow, presses her to marry him. Her refusals arouse his suspicion, until one day Lola receives a letter which, Warren notices, agitates her. The letter is, indeed, from her husband, a confession of his bigamous union with Louise, and promising to make early reparation. Taking advantage of Lola's absence from the room, Warren purloins the letter and learns her secret. Meanwhile, Louise has entrusted Henry with a large sum of money for investment in New York. He goes instead to his wife at Chicago. In a touching scene, past sins are confessed and forgiven, and the couple make preparations for a hasty departure. At the moment of leaving, Warren pays Lola an unexpected visit. Furiously Warren denounces Henry, calls him "Bigamist," and threatens to turn over his letter of confession to his wife Louise. Henry, demanding the letter, draws a revolver, and in the struggle, the pistol is accidentally discharged, killing the bigamist. With a plea for forgiveness as he dies. Henry hands over to Lola Louise's money. In order not to implicate her in the murder. Warren orders Lola away from the scene. She, having in mind the $50,000, heeds his advice and immediately leaves with Harold for New York, where she assumes the name of "Gibson." Warren telephones the police, giving himself up as the murderer. Louise, notified by the Chicago police of her husband's death, comes to Chicago. Seeking revenge, she secures permission to see her husband's murderer. She enters the cell with a concealed weapon. There she learns for the first time the truth, from the written confession of her husband which the prisoner has concealed on his person. She is prostrated by grief, and her vow of vengeance becomes a promise to help the prisoner. The trial takes place. Warren, aided by Louise's counsel and her testimony, is declared "not guilty." With gratitude on the one side, and sympathy on the other, a strong bond of friendship is formed which soon gives way to love. Warren and Louise marry and come to live in New York. With the passing of years, Lola, giving way to extravagance, becomes penniless. Harold, now at Milan studying music, requests funds, and with her son's need in mind, Lola at a dance steals a necklace. Her theft detected, she is tried and sent to prison for two years. Harold, who has made a name for himself in Milan, meets a charming student, Muriel Warren. Unaware of each other's antecedents, they form a deep attachment and finally arrange to return to America to marry. Lola's prison term expired, she comes to New York. There, sitting on a park bench, she picks up a discarded newspaper, in which she reads the wedding announcement of Harold and Muriel, to take place that afternoon. She rushes to the church, breaks through the crowd, and in a most dramatic scene, before the altar, makes her confession to the priest. Muriel now learns for the first time that her stepfather, Warren, killed her father. Her soul, embittered by the guilt of her parents, she leaves her mother's house and becomes a nun. Harold, learning that his, father's misdeeds nearly caused the marriage of brother and sister, forgives his broken-hearted mother, takes her with him and makes a home for her. Moving Picture World synopsis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Expiation (1916)Summaries Jack Hammond on his return from college decides to spend his life assisting his mother in philanthropic schemes. His mother tells Jack the story of her life. Her father, an Englishman of wealth, found it necessary because of his business to live in Turkey, where she, his only child, spent the greater part of her time. At the outbreak of the Crimean War, the village near their home is captured by the Russians and burned. A group of officers enter their home and imbibe freely of wine. The girl is assaulted by one of them whose name she does not know. But as she tells her son the story she shows him an old-fashioned seal ring she found the next day. Jack vows to kill the man who ruined his mother's life should they ever meet. Later Jack begs his mother to go to America. They do. Alfred Gerard, a peace advocate of international reputation, lives in New York with his only child, Elsie. Gerard and Mrs. Hammond meet, as do Jack and Elsie. Jack falls in love with Elsie and admires her father for his ideals and exemplary life. Gerard, who is attracted by Mrs. Hammond, has built and endowed a home for fatherless children and their mothers over the portal of which is inscribed, "Let him that is without sin, cast the first stone." A fete is given to celebrate the opening of the home, and at that affair Jack and Elsie declare their love for each other. Jack goes to Gerard and learns that Elsie is not Gerard's daughter, but a waif. Gerard also tells a story of his earlier life, a repetition of the story told to Jack by his mother. Jack realizes that he is listening to the story of the man who blighted his mother's life, his own father. At the conclusion of his tale, Gerard tells Jack that the later years of his life have been devoted to expiation, and that he will never allow himself the solace of a woman's love. Jack finally goes to Gerard's home and thrusts under Gerard's eyes a seal ring. Gerard demands to know where Jack got the ring and Jack replies, "Twenty years ago my mother found this ring on the floor after you left her." Gerard staggers and cries, "You are my son." Which causes Jack to reply, "Yes, and I have sworn to kill you." Jack throws himself upon Gerard, who being the stronger, pushes Jack into a chair, saying, "You are right, my son, but I must not die by your hand." Gerard takes a revolver and leaves the house. Jack, who is watching, follows. Mrs. Hammond and Elsie are driving in the park. Gerard sees a lonely bench, raises the revolver, but falters. Mrs. Hammond sees this and rushes for the bench as does Jack. Mrs. Hammond arrives first and jogs Gerard's elbow with the result that he only receives a scalp wound and lapses into unconsciousness. Mrs. Hammond takes his head in her arms and declares her love for him. Jack tells Gerard that this expiation must take the form of making his mother happy, as she loves him. Moving Picture World synopsis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 