nm0003169:

 Sex & the Other Man (1995)Summaries A married couple hold their boss hostage in their apartment and force him to watch their sex escapades to rejuvenate their failing marriage. Look What the Wife Dragged Home Tonight! Arthur Wilkins is an unusual prisoner of love in this strangely romantic comedy. When Bill finds his girlfriend in bed with her boss, Bill's excitement goes further than just to his head. What follows is a strange cure for impotence as Bill and Jessica finally get it on while Arthur, their hostage, looks on. Anonymous Bill has a problem. As much as he loves his girlfriend, Jessica, he cannot seem to "rise" to the occasion. When he catches Jessica in bed with her boss, Stanley, he goes into a rage ties him up... and finds out that his "problems" are solved if he and Jessica get it on while Arthur watches as an unwilling prisoner. Phil Fernando It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Remembering Sex (1998 TV Movie)Summaries A group of disparate female college buddies examine their lifestyles when a former male colleague (Garret Dillahunt) is revealed to have AIDS. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Raising of Christopher (1997)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Another World (19641999)Summaries The life in the Midwestern town of Bay City, and the love, loss, trials, and triumph of its residents, who come from different backgrounds and social circles. The continuing story of life in the Midwestern town of Bay City, and the love, loss, trials, and triumph of its residents, who come from different backgrounds and social circles. Those who call Bay City home include the Matthews, Cory, Frame, Winthrop, Love, Hudson, Harrison, and Burrell families. swissJohn29 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 