nm0005459:

 White Oleander (2002)Summaries A teenager journeys through a series of foster homes after her mother goes to prison for committing a crime of passion. Astrid Magnussen (Alison Lohman) is a fifteen-year-old girl, living in California. Her mother, Ingrid (Michelle Pfeiffer), is a beautiful, free-spirited poet and artist who also suffers from a borderline personality disorder (BPD). Their life, though unusual, is satisfying until one day, a man named Barry Kolker (Sir Billy Connolly) (that her mother refers to at first as "The goat man") comes into their lives, and Ingrid falls madly in love with him, only to have her heart broken, and her life ruined. For revenge, Ingrid murders Barry with the deadly poison of her favorite flower: the White Oleander. She is sent to prison for life, and Astrid has to go through foster home after foster home. Throughout nearly a decade, she experiences forbidden love, religion, near-death experiences, drugs, starvation, and how it feels to be loved. But throughout these years, she keeps in touch with her mother via letters to prison. And while Ingrid's gift is to give Astrid the power to survive, Astrid's gift is to teach her Mother about love. wyrd_sista_187 <wyrd_sista_187@yahoo.com.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Almost Famous (2000)541) A high-school boy in the early 1970s is given the chance to write a story for Rolling Stone magazine about an up-and-coming rock band as he accompanies them on their concert tour. The early 1970s. William Miller is 15-years old and an aspiring rock journalist. He gets a job writing for Rolling Stone magazine. His first assignment: tour with the band Stillwater and write about the experience. Miller will get to see what goes on behind the scenes in a famous band, including the moments when things fall apart. Moreover, for him, it will be a period of new experiences and finding himself. grantss Set in 1973, it chronicles the funny and often poignant coming of age of 15-year-old William, an unabashed music fan who is inspired by the seminal bands of the time. When his love of music lands him an assignment from Rolling Stone magazine to interview the up-and-coming band Stillwater -- fronted by lead guitar Russell Hammond and lead singer Jeff Bebe William embarks on an eye-opening journey with the band's tour, despite the objections of his protective mother. Jwelch5742 William Miller is a 15-year-old kid hired by Rolling Stone magazine to tour with and write about Stillwater, an up and coming rock band. This wonderfully witty coming-of-age film follows William as he falls face first to confront life, love, and lingo. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens with William Miller (Michael Angarano), living at home with his mother Elaine (Frances McDormand) and his sister Anita (Zooey Deschanel) in San Diego, California. While William gets along well with his mother and sister separately, both of the women in his life are at odds with each other. Elaine struggles to keep some form of control over Anita, who feels that her mother is too overbearing and controlling. During this time, it is revealed to William that his Mom skipped him ahead 2 grades, as all his classmates around him are 13, and he's 11. William's life also is thrown for a loop when his sister Anita decides to leave home to become a stewardess, in order to escape from her Mom. After she leaves, William finds that Anita has left him her record collection. Her collection ends up having a major impact on William. By the time he turns 15, William (Patrick Fugit) has become interested in rock music and journalism, writing for several underground newspapers, and Creem Magazine, edited by one of his idols, famed rock writer Lester Bangs (Philip Seymour Hoffman). One day, William encounters Lester in San Diego, and the two discuss rock music and journalism. Even though Lester claims the industry is destroying the genre and rock journalism is not a stable thing, he sees a determination in William to succeed, and requests he interview Black Sabbath, who are set to play at the San Diego Sports Arena. William attempts to get in, but is rebuked by the doorman at the arena. Unsure what to do, he meets a group of girls who call themselves Band-Aides. William is introduced to their leader, Penny Lane (Kate Hudson), who explains their philosophy, of how they are not groupies but are there to support the music. Shortly thereafter, William manages to get into the arena when he meets the opening act for the night: the band Stillwater. Complimenting them on their sound and musical talent, they invite William to join them backstage. During this time, William ends up interviewing them, with the bulk of the interview coming from member Jeff Bebe (Jason Lee). William ends up watching the concert from side-stage, as the band opens for Black Sabbath, performing the song "Fever Dog." After the show, Lead guitarist Russell Hammond (Billy Crudup) invites William to meet them at the Continental Hyatt House in Los Angeles, and tells William that they'd like Penny Lane to come along. William informs Penny and as they exit the sports arena, she gives him her contact information, and tells him of her life's goal: she plans to live in Morocco for one year. A few days later (unknown to his mother), William sneaks off to Los Angeles with Penny, where they meet up with the band at the Hyatt House (nicknamed 'The Riot House'). It is here that William sees there may be some chemistry going on between Russell and Penny. He also is introduced to Polexia Aphrodesia (Anna Paquin), and Vic Munoz (Jay Baruchel). A few days later, William gets a call from Ben Fong-Torres (Terry Chen) of Rolling Stone magazine. William disguises the fact that he's 15 years old, and pitches his voice lower. Fong-Torres compliments him on his work, and asks William about any bands he'd like to cover. William suggests Stillwater, and soon joins the band on the road, traveling with the Band-Aides on the band's bus (named Doris), much to the horror of his mother, who fears that this will interfere with his school work & derail Williams' future. Along the way, a number of incidents happen to which William is privy: At an outdoor stage event, Russell is electrocuted, sending the band scrambling from the venue, much to the anger of the show's promoter. The band trashes the trailer provided by the promoter, who seems unconcerned about Russell's injury. When the promoter has the arena gates locked, the band has their driver crash the bus through them to escape. -Jeff Bebe gets into a heated row with Russell when the band's first t-shirts arrive, and Russell is the only recognizable person in the band while everyone else is out of focus. The argument is indicative of the problems that have been plaguing the band for an indeterminate time - Russell feels his talent has allowed him to grown beyond the band's limits and Jeff feels Russell is overshadowing his bandmates. -Following the argument, Russell and William end up at a house party in Topeka, KS, where he drops acid and climbs up on a rooftop, proclaiming to be a 'golden god.' (Moments later he jumps off the roof into the swimming pool.) William calls Dick, who comes to the house & convinces Russell to return to the band. -The record company sends a renowned band manager named Dennis Hope (Jimmy Fallon) to replace their current manager, Dick Roswell (Noah Taylor). The band is apprehensive, but give in to Dennis' grand plan for the band to make more money, turning them away from their philosophy of playing 'for the fans.' Dennis is also instrumental in adding more tour dates, getting the band better treatment from concert promoters and stage managers, and the band ditches their beloved tour bus 'Doris' in favor of an airplane. As the tour winds down, William is able to interview almost everyone, but still is not able to get his key interview with Russell. What should have been a simple task becomes mind-numbing, as William is swept up with the tour, causing him to field questions from Ben Fong-Torres about the story, and rousing the ire and worry of his mother (who in one of her classes, proclaims: "rock stars have kidnapped my son"). One night while he talks to his mother, Russell seizes the phone from William and tries to reason with Elaine, who immediately cuts through Russell's charm and lectures him on being more responsible, however respectfully. Russell is somewhat shaken by the conversation. At one of the stops, William is privy to a poker game, in which Dick and Russell wager Penny Lane and the Band-Aides in a game without Penny or the girls knowing. The girls must leave the tour before they arrive in New York where Russell's wife will meet the band. The band Humble Pie ends up "winning" them, and pays Dick and Russell $50 and a case of Heineken beer. William tries to put this out of his mind, but upon hearing how Penny seems to have stepped over the line of supporting the band and fallen for Russell, tells her about the bargain Russell and Dick struck. The news has a devastating effect on Penny, however she takes it good-naturedly at first, asking "What kind of beer?" she & the girls were wagered for. The girls do not accompany the band to New York, but upon getting to the hotel where the band is staying, William runs into Vic, who tells him that Penny Lane is staying at the Plaza Hotel, under the name Emily Rugburn. William then gets a call from Jann Wenner, chief editor of Rolling Stone and Fong-Torres, telling him that the band will grace the cover of their next issue, and that he is permitted to share this news with the band. At a restaurant in New York, this news is met with enthusiasm by the band. However, Russell's girlfriend, Leslie (Liz Strauber) sees Penny in a nearby corner watching Russell. Dick goes over to talk with Penny, who rushes off. William takes off after her and finds her in the Plaza Hotel, where she has overdosed on Quaaludes. William manages to keep Penny conscious until the doctors get there, and after pumping her stomach to get the pills out, Penny and William go for a walk through Central Park, where she tells William the story behind her real name, 'Lady Goodman,' proclaiming that he now knows 'all her secrets.' After their stroll, William takes Penny to the airport, where she flies home to San Diego. William joins the band on the plane as they fly to a new venue. Everyone questions where William went in the middle of dinner the previous night, but he is hesitant to tell them what happened. Suddenly, the plane is caught in the edge of a storm, violently shaking everyone around. Feeling like the plane may crash or break up at any moment, everyone begins to reveal secrets. Dennis reveals that he once hit a man with a car and kept on driving, not taking responsibility for the accident. Dick reveals that he took more money than his regular fee, claiming 'he knew he earned it.' Jeff reveals that he slept with Dick's wife after they broke up, and also slept with Leslie. Two more in the band also reveal they slept with Dick's wife. Jeff, in a moment of rage at Russell, reveals his true anger at Russell, and tells Leslie that Russell had been sleeping with Penny. William, angered at how the band treated Penny, finally tells them what happened to her, and proclaims his love for her. Ed Vallencourt (John Fedevich), who has been silent for some time, finally comes out of the closet. After Ed speaks, the plane makes it through the weather, and everyone stays silent, not speaking for the remainder of the trip. When the plane lands, Russell tells William, that he can write whatever he wants in regards to the band. Exhausted, William reports to Rolling Stone's headquarters in San Francisco, armed with his notes, but still without his key interview with Russell. The editors are astonished to see that William is so young and their fact-checker rants about his notes, saying that they're so disorganized that she'll have a difficult time doing her job. William asks for a single night to finish the piece, and calls Lester Bangs, who tells him to be honest and truthful, suggesting that William shouldn't have allowed himself to befriend the band. The story that William types reveals everything, including Russell's 'golden god' speech and the airplane confessions. Once the band is contacted by Rolling Stone's fact-checker (Erin Foley), the band denies 90% of the story, and William is sent back to San Diego. At the airport, he runs into his sister Anita. Anita offers to take William on an adventure to anywhere... but the only place he wants to go is home. Anita joins William and they go to their home where Anita and Elaine reconcile and William crashes in his own bed. Sometime after, as Stillwater is going their separate ways, one Band-aide whom Penny knows named Sapphire (Fairuza Balk) meets up with Russell, chastising him for what happened to Penny as well as his ruining Williams' story. Nearby, some new groupies are mingling with the band. Sapphire comments how the new girls are not really fans, seeing as they don't love the music, are only into sex without birth control & eat the best food the caterers offer. After talking to Sapphire, Russell is compelled to call Penny and apologize, requesting to meet her. Penny gives him an address, but it is not until he arrives there that he realizes she has given him William's address. Russell first meets Elaine, whom allows him to talk with her son after telling him sternly that William is a fine young man and a trustworthy friend. Russell explains that he retracted his statement to Rolling Stone, confirming that the story was true. William then takes the opportunity to get what he never could before: a one-on-one interview with Russell about what he loves about music. Russell eagerly agrees and tells William that he loves "everything" about music. The film then ends with a montage of different clips that play over Led Zeppelin's "Tangerine": Stillwater goes back on tour, with their old bus 'Doris' as their main mode of transportation (with their 1974 tour called the 'No More Planes Tour'). Russell and Bebe have reconciled. William sits down to breakfast with Anita and his mother, who have reconciled. Finally, we see Penny at an airplane ticket counter, fulfilling her decision to go to Morocco. 
 Three Kings (1999)431) In the aftermath of the Persian Gulf War, four soldiers set out to steal gold that was stolen from Kuwait, but they discover people who desperately need their help. A small group of adventurous American soldiers in Iraq at the end of the Gulf War are determined to steal a huge cache of gold reputed to be hidden somewhere near their desert base. Finding a map they believe will take them to the gold, they embark on a journey that leads to unexpected discoveries, enabling them to rise to a heroic challenge that drastically changes their lives. imran In the days immediately after the Gulf War, a group of American soldiers come across a secret Iraqi map, which discloses the whereabouts of a bunker where Iraq is storing stolen gold and treasure from Kuwait. The soldiers hope to take the gold and keep it for themselves. However, when they arrive at the site, they discover that the Iraqi army is more concerned about persecuting its civilians than stopping them from stealing the gold. They learn that the civilians have been encouraged by the U.S. government to rise up and fight Sadaam Hussein, but are facing certain execution because the U.S. military refuses to help them. This incident creates a crisis of conscience for the American soldiers. Do they take the money and run, leaving the civilians to face certain death at the hands of the Iraqi army? Or do they risk losing the gold in order to escort them to safety across the border into Iran? <jgp3553@excite.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Army Reserve Sergeant First Class Troy Barlow (Wahlberg) shooting an Iraqi Regular Army soldier pointing his weapon at Troy after seemingly trying to surrender following the end of the Gulf War. With Private First Class Conrad Vig (Jonze), Troy disarms and searches the surrendering Iraqi soldiers, and while forcibly subduing a resisting Iraqi officer they find a document hidden in his rectum. The document appears to be a map, and Troy decides not to notify his commanding officer, instead taking the "Iraqi ass map" to Staff Sergeant Chief Elgin (Cube), a friend of his. While the trio discuss the implications of their discovery they leave Specialist Walter Wogeman (Jamie Kennedy) to stand guard outside the tent. Meanwhile, Major Archie Gates (Clooney), a Special Forces soldier in the same camp, is trading sex for stories with a journalist, Cathy Daitch (Judy Greer), when he is interrupted by Adriana Cruz (Nora Dunn), the television reporter assigned to Archie. Adriana tells Archie of the rumors of a secret map. Archie avoids Adriana and finds the tent of Troy, Conrad and Chief. Archie convinces the three soldiers that the document is a map of Saddam's bunkers, including information that can only be viewed using a black light, containing gold bullion stolen from Kuwait. They decide to steal the gold and set off while Wogeman drives Cruz around the area to distract her. Using the cease-fire orders from President Bush, the Americans are able to raid and secure the bunkers without any bloodshed. There, among other goods plundered from Kuwait, they find the gold. As they are leaving they see a prisoner executed by the newly arrived Iraqi Republican Guard troops, and decide to abandon their plan to "grab the gold and go." They rescue a group of Iraqi prisoners, including a local rebel leader, and start a private war against Saddam's loyal soldiers. After a firefight in the village and arrival of the Iraqi reinforcements, the Americans' vehicles are destroyed as they blunder into a minefield and the Iraqi soldiers capture Troy. A group of rebels rescue the remaining Americans and take them to their underground hideout. There, Conrad, Chief and Archie agree to help the rebels and their families reach the Iranian border, after they rescue Troy. Meanwhile, Troy has been taken to an underground bunker. Placed in a room full of more stolen Kuwaiti goods, he manages to find a usable cell phone to call his wife and tell her to report his location to his local Army Reserve unit. His call is cut short when he is dragged to an interrogation room. Electrical wires are placed around his ears, and an Iraqi intelligence officer, Captain Sad (Sad Taghmaoui), berates him about the hypocrisy of American involvement in the region. He also tells Troy about how his child was killed when a bomb hit their home and the roof collapsed on the baby's crib. Troy is subjected to several electric shocks, and is finally forced to drink motor oil. The group meet up with a band of Iraqi Army deserters who are willing to help them by selling them a fleet of luxury cars stolen from Kuwait. With these cars they go to the bunker to save Troy, and scare away most of its defenders by spreading the rumor that an enraged Saddam is coming to kill them. After storming the bunker they free Troy, who, being a father himself, spares the life of his torturer, as well as more Shi'a held in a dungeon. Leaving the complex, they are attacked by an armed helicopter, which Chief destroys by throwing a Nerf ball rigged with explosives at it. During a shootout with a couple of returning Republican Guards, Troy and Conrad are shot. Conrad dies, and Troy, suffering from a punctured lung, has a flutter valve placed in his chest by Archie to allow air to escape. Archie tells him that the valve will work for a few hours but Troy still needs proper medical treatment. Archie makes radio contact with Walter at base asking for transport, offering the drivers $100,000 each. He then orders that each of the Shi'a be given a bar of gold and the rest buried. Planning to help the Shi'a escape, they make their way to the Iranian border, heavily guarded by government forces. After reaching the border they are stopped by the American soldiers and arrested. Archie offers the rest of the gold to the other Americans in exchange for letting the refugees through. The film closes stating that all of the soldiers were cleared of their charges thanks to Adriana Cruz's reporting. Archie and Chief now work as military advisers in Hollywood, and Troy is the owner of a carpet store. The closing epilogue states that the stolen gold was returned to Kuwait, although the Kuwaitis reported some was missing. 
 The Village (2004)541) A series of events tests the beliefs of a small isolated countryside village. M Night Shyamalan's The Village revolves around a desolate town in Pennsylvania. The residents of this town live by strict rules - They are not to leave the village or the monsters beyond their boundaries will surely attack them. Lucius and Ivy have an attraction - a strong one. But when Noah - a man with an intellectual disability and who also has feelings for Ivy, finds out that the two are In love, Noah attacks Lucius. He will die if brave Ivy (who is blind) does not breach the borders and find help to save Lucius. Erin Foster In a quiet, isolated village in olde Pennsylvania, there lies a pact between the people of the village and the creatures who reside in the surrounding woods: the townspeople do not enter the woods, and the creatures do not enter the village. The pact stays true for many years, but when Lucius Hunt seeks medical supplies from the towns beyond the wood, the pact is challenged. Animal carcasses, devoid of fur, begin to appear around the village, causing the council of elders to fear for the safety of the village, the pact, and so much more. simsman24000 'The Village' depicts the tale of an isolated town confronting the astonishing truth that lies just outside its borders. At first glance, this village seems picture perfect, but this close-knit community lives with the frightening knowledge that creatures reside in the surrounding woods. The evil and foreboding force is so unnerving that none dare venture beyond the borders of the village and into the woods. But when curious, headstrong Lucius Hunt plans to step beyond the boundaries of the town and into the unknown, his bold move threatens to forever change the future of the village. sam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Covington is a 19th-century Pennsylvania village that is isolated from the rest of the world. The woods that surround the village are off limits to all the villagers because mysterious creatures live there. Many years earlier, the town elders and the creatures reached an understanding that the villagers would not go into the woods, and the creatures would not enter the village. A boundary was set up around the village, along with warnings on etiquette and colors to wear regarding keeping the creatures at bay. After one of the elders named August Nicholson (Brendan Gleeson) loses his son to an untreatable disease, one of the town's young people named Lucius Hunt (Joaquin Phoenix) goes to the village elders, and requests to leave the village and travel to "the towns," in hopes of finding medicines and other remedies that may prevent further losses, or possibly cure the mental ailments of one of the town's other young persons, named Noah Percy (Adrien Brody). His request is quickly denied by the village elders. Lucius himself is considered a rather strange young man by the village. He keeps to himself, rarely speaking to most people. When Kitty Walker (Judy Greer) comes to Lucius in hopes he will marry her, he refuses her request. Lucius has been childhood friends with Kitty's youngest sister, named Ivy (Bryce Dallas Howard). Blind since she was very young, Ivy claims that Lucius has a 'color' around him, that she can sense. One day, while in a small area near the border to the woods, Noah presents Ivy with some red berries. They do not grow in the village, and Lucius believes that Noah has traveled into the woods, and has not been harmed by the creatures in it. This causes Lucius to grow more determined, and he again goes to the elders to request again to travel to "the towns." Lucius believes that if the creatures allowed Noah into the woods without causing him harm, they will do the same to him. Lucius' second request is denied, and his mother Alice Hunt (Sigourney Weaver) advises him to stay home and forget about the outside world, claiming it to be a dangerous place that took the life of his father. Upset by these proclamations, Lucius explains that he sees that his mother eyes Ivy Walker's father Edward (William Hurt) in a 'certain way,' even though he is married. Lucius also makes note of a black wood box that his Mother has, which is locked. Each of the elders has a box, that contains remnants of the elder's pasts before they established Covington. Lucius wants his mother to open the box and reveal her past secrets, but she refuses this as well. The next day, Lucius has patrol duty along the borders of the village. Unseen by the others, he steps over the boundaries, and wanders a ways into the woods. The sound of something nearby catches his attention, but all that is there when he looks are some wavering branches. Later that evening, Lucius visits the Walkers' house, where he has a conversation with Ivy. Ivy explains that in the time that has passed, her sister has decided to marry another young man in the town. Ivy says that Lucius is brave for wanting to go beyond the village, but she feels his actions are unwise. Before Lucius leaves, Ivy informs him that now that her sister is to be married, she is free to have suitors court her. Shortly thereafter, the alarm is sounded, and the creatures in the woods are said to have entered the village. Lucius returns to the Walker's residence, where he manages to get Ivy into the house before she is attacked by one of the creatures. The next morning, red marks are found slashed across many of the doors in town. A town meeting is held, to which Edward Walker explains that he feels the creatures feel threatened. Lucius comes forward, claiming that his trespass into the woods beyond the borders was most likely what brought the creatures into the village. Lucius is ashamed at what has happened, but even so, Edward praises that he is a very brave young man. Sometime afterward, a celebration is held for the marriage of Kitty Walker and Christop Crane (Fran Kranz). During a lively dance, children's screams are heard, and several report that some of the creatures have returned to the village. The party is called off, as the villagers find skinned animals hung above the porches of several houses. This action on the part of the creatures causes the elders to grow concerned, and extra watch groups are put out. Lucius visits the Walker's residence in the evening, finding Ivy sitting on the porch. While talking, they finally admit their fondness for each other, and tell the elders the next day of their plans to be wed. The news travels fast through the small village, and Lucius is soon visited by Noah. Noah seems distraught at this news, and shocks Lucius when he stabs the young man repeatedly. Noah shortly thereafter leaves Lucius, and is found with blood on his hands. When a search is made to figure what has happened, Ivy goes to tell Lucius, only to find him on the floor of his small blacksmith's shop, not moving. Ivy is further worried when she cannot see his 'color.' For his actions, Noah is locked in a small house. Lucius's wounds are too severe to be treated by the methods known in the village, and it is very possible he will soon die. Ivy goes to her father, requesting to go to "the towns" to retrieve medicines to save the man she loves. Edward is at first unsure about this, but soon after takes Ivy aside, and takes her to an old shed. Edward explains that the towns are a wicked place, and that Ivy's Grandfather was a wealthy man who was killed by a person in "the towns." Edward opens the old shed, and Ivy is frightened when she senses the creatures inside. However, Edward explains that the creatures are not real - they are merely suits created by the elders to keep the other villagers from straying beyond the borders of the town. Edward tells her about their real past, how each elder lost someone dear to them and moved to the town for a better way of life. He asks forgiveness for their lies, then gives Ivy instructions on how to reach "The Towns," giving her his own permission to leave Covington to save Lucius as per her request. After Ivy has left, Edward goes to Alice, and explains that Ivy's quest to save Lucius is 'all he can give her,' in the wake of his secret feelings towards her. Edward then goes to the other elders and explains what he has done. While many are distraught, Edward claims that what he has done is not just meant to protect Covington's way of life, but the only compassionate action to take. He reminds them that Lucius, like their family members so long ago, was a victim of a crime and he couldn't bear to deny Ivy the chance to save a loved one. As the elders will not live forever, it is through the young people such as Ivy and Lucius that their way of life will be preserved. Ivy packs supplies, including a gold pocket watch given to her by her father as payment for medicines. Ivy is accompanied into the woods by Kitty's husband Christop, and another young man named Finton Coin (Michael Pitt). Christop has taken no more than a couple steps outside the village's borders, when he grows frightened. Even though they are wearing yellow colored clothing (considered a 'good' color), and even though Ivy claims she has a bag of magic rocks to protect them, Christop turns back. Finton accompanies Ivy for another day, before he too is overcome with fear. Ivy allows him to go back, and continues on her own. Ivy soon comes across a large pit that almost claims her life. After making her way around it, she hears a strange sound, and senses what she believes to be one of the creatures, even though her father told her they were not real. The creature charges her several times. Using her memory and remaining senses, Ivy manages to lead the creature back to the pit, where she tricks it into falling in. It turns out (unknown to Ivy) that the creature was actually Noah in one of the costumes. He had found the costume beneath the floorboards in the house where he was being kept, then put it on and escaped into the woods. Noah's fall badly injures him, and soon, he ceases to move. Ivy continues on her way, and soon comes to a large wall. Carefully, she begins to climb over. As she does, several of the village elders open their locked black boxes. Contained within are mementos of their past life. It is soon apparent that Covington only has the appearance of being in the 19th century. The actual time is the present day. The village of Covington came about as an idea by Edward Walker. After his father was murdered by a business partner, Walker joined a support group for others who had lost their loved ones to violence. Walker was a history professor at a local University, and had the idea to start a small isolated village, to insulate the members of the group from further harm or loss. Walker's father was very wealthy, and Edward had the village built deep in the interior of the Walker Wildlife Preserve. A large wall surrounds the preserve, and precautions are made to keep airplanes from flying overhead as well, to keep up the illusion of the village being a rural and rustic place. Back at the wall, Ivy has made her way over, when she is startled by a strange sound, and the voice of a young man. The sound is actually the siren on the young man's vehicle. He is part of the patrol unit making sure people do not attempt to get into the preserve. Ivy is at first frightened by the young man, given what she has heard about people in "the towns." However, she soon senses kindness in the young man's voice, and he offers to help her get the medicines she needs. Ivy is told to stay by the wall, while the young man leaves and returns with the supplies, along with a ladder. Ivy gives the young man the pocket watch she has as payment, and makes her way back over the wall and back into the woods. Ivy soon returns to the village.Word spreads of her encounter with a creature that she killed in the woods. Noah's parents are distraught over the news of their son's death, but Edward Walker tries to give them reassurance. He proclaims that they will go out later on and recover Noah's body, bury him, and can tell the others the creatures killed him. He poses the question of whether they wish to continue their lives in the town and in silence, they stand and try to garner strength. Soon after Ivy returns to the Hunts' residence with the medicines, and sits down next to Lucius, taking his hand with a determined look on her face and telling him she's returned. 