nm0010999:

 Homicide: Life on the Street (19931999)Summaries Life on the Street is an American police procedural television series chronicling the work of a fictional version of the Baltimore Police Department's Homicide Unit. A one-hour drama inspired by David Simon's acclaimed non-fiction book "Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets." It is at once a mundane yet compelling look in and around a Homicide unit of the Baltimore Police Department, a group of determined individuals who are committed to their grim job at hand. Karina Santos <tallulahg@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Empire (2002)Summaries A successful South Bronx drug dealer turns his back on his roots and gives money to a Wall Street broker to invest for him. A big time drug dealer Victor Rosa is looking to get out of the game and sees his chance with a big deal and a new friend who happens to be a Wall St. stockbroker. Thinking this will be his chance to go out on top, Victor soon finds out that he has been double crossed and his last option is to get revenge. El Toro It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Homicide: The Movie (2000 TV Movie)431) Al Giardello is shot and the detectives of the Baltimore Homicide Unit return to work to solve the case, including Howard, Munch, Bayliss, Meldrick, Bolander and Kellerman. Former Homicide Shift Commander Al Giardello is now the leading candidate for Mayor of Baltimore. As he walks toward the platform to do a political speech, he is shot. Former and current Homicide Detectives try to find out who shot their former boss. All of the actors that were regulars or recurring characters in the series are in the movie. Cactusbix David Stuart Gharty is now the lieutenant in charge of the squad, Mike Giardello has become a uniformed cop working on his detective's badge, and Mike's father Al Giardello is now a leading candidate for mayor of Baltimore. When Al is shot while giving a speech, all of his former colleagues band together to catch the killer. Meanwhile, Gharty has to adjust to his new leadership position in the squad, and some of the detectives have revelations of their own. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set just after the series concludes, the detectives from all seven season of "Homicide" return to solve the shooting of one of their own. Former Shift Commander Al "Gee" Giardello (Yaphet Kotto) is running for Mayor of Baltimore on a controversial platform that has earned him more than a few enemies. Just as he is about to deliver a political speech, Gee is shot multiple times and is rushed to the hosptial. His former colleagues, including Det. Stanley 'The Big Man' Bolander, ret.; Det. John Munch (NYPD); Det. Frank Pembleton, ret.; Det. Tim Bayliss; Mike Kellerman, P.I.; Det. Meldrick Lewis, Det. Paul Fasone; Det. Laura Ballard; Det. Terri Stivers, Det. Rene Sheppard and son Officer Mike Giardello reunite to investigate the incident. Also on hand are the recently promoted Lt. Stewart Gharty, the former and current Chief Medical Examiners, Dr. Julianna Cox and Dr. George Grisome, former Capt./Lt./Det. Megan Russert from France; film director JH Brodie, A.S.A. Ed Danvers, Col. George Barnfather, Capt. Roger Gaffneyand the fourth Mrs. John Munch, Billy Lou. Special appearances by former colleagues Det. Beau Felton, Det. Steve Crosetti and Kurt L Schmoke, Mayor of Baltimore. "Homicide: The Movie" is the perfect cap to the "Homicide" series, reuniting its legendary cast and wrapping up the loose ends that left viewers wanting more at the series' finale. Embellished from NBC/A&E Home Video DVD Bonus Disc 
 Oz (19972003)Summaries A series chronicling the daily activities of an unusual prison facility and its criminal inhabitants. OZ chronicles the attempts of McManus (Terry Kinney) to keep control over the inmates of Em(erald) City as well as the drug trade and the violence. There have been many groups of inmates during the run of the show and not everybody makes it out alive. There's the gangstas (Adebisi, Wangler, Redding, Poet, Keene, Supreme Allah), Muslims (Said, Arif, Hamid Khan), Italians (Pancamo, Nappa, Schiebetta), bikers (Hoyt), Aryans (Schillinger, Robson, Mark Mack), Christians (Cloutier, Cudney), Latinos (Alvarez, Morales, Guerra, Hernandez), gays (Hanlon, Cramer) and a whole pile of others (the O'Riley brothers, Keller, Stanislovsky, etc.). And there's a great "everyman" character called Beecher who gives a good look at a normal man who made one tragic mistake. Besides the regular inmates, there's guest stars such as Method Man, Luke Perry, Master P, Treach, etc. and a bunch of prison staff doctors (Dr. Nathan), a nun/psychologist (Sister Peter Marie), a bunch of guards some honest, some crooked and of course the warden Leo Glynn. The whole thing is narrated and held together by inmates Augustus Hill, who provides the show with some context, some sense of theme, etc. and ties everything together really nicely. LorgSkyegon It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 