nm0011354:

 X-Men Origins: Wolverine (2009)431) The early years of James Logan, featuring his rivalry with his brother Victor Creed, his service in the special forces team Weapon X, and his experimentation into the metal-lined mutant Wolverine. Two mutant brothers, Logan and Victor, born two hundred years ago, suffer childhood trauma and have only each other to depend on. Basically, they're fighters and killers, living from war to war throughout U.S. history. In modern times, a U.S. Colonel, Stryker, recruits them and other mutants as commandos. Logan quits and becomes a logger, falling in love with a local teacher. When Logan refuses to rejoin Stryker's crew, the Colonel sends the murderous Victor. Logan now wants revenge. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Hunted down like prey and always on the run, the mutant half-siblings, James Logan and Victor Creed, roam this earth for nearly two centuries. Having survived an endless string of devastating wars thanks to their incredible regenerative and self-healing abilities, the brothers, eventually, will part ways when Colonel William Stryker offers them a chance at redemption. However, against the backdrop of a personal loss, Logan will also confront an even bigger challenge--one that brings him head-to-head with the ugly face of retribution, and a technologically enhanced mighty adversary. Has the wild Wolverine the tools to vanquish him? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1845 in North-Western Territory, British North America, young James Howlett ( Troye Sivan ) sees his father John Howlett ( Peter O'Brien ) killed by his friend Victor Creed's father, Thomas Logan ( Aaron Jeffery ). In an act of vengeance, James kills the elder Logan using bone claws which have grown out of his hands due to the stress of the incident. With his dying breath, Logan tells James that he is also his son. James runs out of the house, followed by Victor, who finds him and promises his younger brother that he'll look out for him. James and Victor ( Michael-James Olsen ) run away, pursued by a torch-wielding mob. In the years that follow, adult brothers James ( Hugh Jackman ) and Victor ( Liev Schreiber ) are seen fighting together in the American Civil War, World War I, World War II, and eventually the Vietnam War. Their regenerative powers keep them from being killed in the battlefield and they both age considerably slowly compared to non-mutants. James is forced to act as a check on Victor's increasing rage and ferocity. In Vietnam, Victor kills a superior officer after being stopped from raping a girl, and James and Victor are sentenced to death by firing squad, though their unique regenerative abilities keep them alive. While they are incarcerated, Major William Stryker ( Danny Huston ) approaches the two mutants and offers them membership in Team X, his elite group of mutants. The team consists of mutants Fred Dukes ( Kevin Durand ), who possesses super strength and invulnerability; John Wraith ( Will.i.am ), who can teleport; Chris Bradley ( Dominic Monaghan ), a.k.a. Bolt, who can control electricity and possesses telekinetic abilities; expert marksman Agent Zero ( Daniel Henney ); and mercenary Wade Wilson ( Ryan Reynolds ), an amazing swordsman who never stops talking. The brothers join the group and are sent to the team's first mission: Invade the headquarters of a diamond trafficking operation in Lagos, Nigeria, to retrieve a meteorite. When Stryker asks the diamond smuggler about the source of the meteorite, the smuggler tells him that it came from a remote village further into Nigeria. The team goes there and Stryker and the team brutally interrogate the local people to learn where the meteorite was found. James is disgusted by the murders committed by his teammates and abandons the group over Victor's persuasions and protests. Six years afterward, James -- now going by his last name, Logan -- is a lumberjack living with his girlfriend Kayla Silverfox ( Lynn Collins ). Meanwhile, Victor hunts down and murders Bradley, who works at a circus; Victor mentions that Wade is already dead. Stryker locates Logan and claims that someone is killing members of the now-disbanded team. Stryker asks Logan for help, but is refused. Shortly after, Silverfox is murdered by Victor. Wolverine hunts down his half-brother, but is easily defeated. Stryker once again asks Logan for help, and Logan agrees. Stryker has Logan's skeletal system reinforced with adamantium, a virtually indestructible metal retrieved from the meteorite source found by Team X in Nigeria. Before the procedure, Logan asks for his new dog tags to say "Wolverine," a reference to a story that Kayla told him. After the procedure, Stryker orders Wolverine's memory to be erased, but Wolverine overhears this and flees. Stryker orders Agent Zero to hunt him down and take his head off. An elderly couple, Travis ( Max Cullen ) and Heather Hudson ( Julia Blake ), see Wolverine -- who escaped in the buff -- enter their barn. They're wary but welcoming, giving him food and clothing, including a leather jacket of their son's -- and their son's motorcycle. The next morning, both are shot dead by Zero. Wolverine takes out several HMMWVs, a helicopter and Zero himself, telling Stryker over Zero's radio, that he'll hunt him down. Stryker warns Wolverine that if he chooses to go after the answers he seeks, he won't like what he finds. Wolverine locates former associates John Wraith and Fred Dukes (who is now massively obese from a guilt-driven eating disorder), seeking to learn the location of Stryker's new laboratory. After beating Dukes in a boxing match, Wolverine learns the disbanded team had been capturing young mutants for Stryker. One of them, Remy LeBeau ( Taylor Kitsch ), also known as Gambit, escaped the island laboratory and knows its location. Dukes tells Logan that his brother Victor is actually working for Stryker, capturing and killing mutants for him. Meanwhile, Stryker captures a teenaged Scott Summers ( Tim Pocock ) with Victor's aid. Wolverine and Wraith locate Gambit in a New Orleans bar. Wolverine talks to Gambit while Wraith keeps watch outside, but Gambit suspects Wolverine was sent to recapture him and, using his ability to charge objects with kinetic energy, throws several playing cards at Wolverine that send him flying through a wall. Outside, Wolverine sees Victor has killed Wraith and taken a sample of his blood. Wolverine fights Victor, only to be interrupted by Gambit. Victor escapes, and after a brief struggle, Gambit agrees to take Wolverine to the Stryker's secret mutant prison/laboratory. The facility turns out to be Three Mile Island. Once there, Wolverine confronts Stryker and learns Silverfox is still alive; Victor faked her death with hydrochlorothiazide. She was keeping track of the mutant to free her sister, Emma Frost ( Tahyna MacManus ), who is also in the prison. Wolverine is devastated by this betrayal. Now having no quarrel with Stryker, Wolverine departs. Victor, angered that Stryker let Wolverine go, demands the adamantium procedure. Stryker, however, tells him that he won't survive the procedure and in an act of rage, Victor tries to kill Silverfox, her power of persuasion failing to influence Victor despite her physical contact with him. Wolverine hears Silverfox's screams and attacks Victor. Finally having the chance to kill Victor, Wolverine chooses not to give in to his animal instincts and instead knocks him out. Silverfox shows Wolverine to the holding cells, and he frees the mutants there; among them are Emma Frost and Scott Summers. Panicking, Stryker prematurely activates his newest creation, Weapon XI ( Scott Adkins and Ryan Reynolds ), a bald, pale-skinned and deformed Wade Wilson, lacking a mouth and with patterns on his skin marking his adamantium bone structure. As the rescue party approaches an exit, it is blocked by Weapon XI, who is under Stryker's control. Wolverine tells them to find a new exit as two long blades extend from Weapon XI's arms. The blades are similar to Wolverine's claws, but more like katana swords, Wilson's weapon of choice. Wolverine realizes that this monstrosity is actually Wade Wilson. "Looks like Stryker finally found a way to shut you up," he quips. Weapon XI, also called Deadpool, is a mutant Frankenstein's monster, with the abilities of several of the killed and captured mutants: Summer's optic blasts, Wraith's teleportation, and Wolverine's healing ability. During the escape, Silverfox is mortally wounded. The other mutants escape through the facility's tunnels, guided by Scott who is unable to tell them how he knows the way out. Emerging from the tunnel, the party encounters a helicopter. Riding in the helicopter is a familiar figure: Professor Charles Xavier ( Patrick Stewart ), who has guided them to safety and offers them a home at his school. Meanwhile, the fight between Wolverine and Weapon XI moves to the top of one of the nuclear power plant's cooling towers. Weapon XI overpowers and prepares to decapitate Wolverine, but Victor returns to aid his brother. Wolverine and Victor, now working together, are able to decapitate Weapon XI, sending its head, still firing optic blasts, down into the cooling tower. Wolverine coldly informs Victor that despite his help, their relationship is over. Victor reminds him that as brothers, they can never be finished, and jumps off the the cooling tower. The damage from the optic blasts causes the cooling tower to collapse, but Wolverine is rescued by Gambit. Wolverine asks Gambit to ensure the prisoners are safe, while he returns to find Silverfox, who stayed behind because she was wounded. As he carries her to safety, Stryker shoots him in the back with an adamantium bullet. Wolverine charges Stryker to kill him but is shot in the head, knocking him unconscious. Stryker approaches Silverfox and prepares to shoot her as well but she uses her powers of persuasion to order Stryker to first throw away the pistol and then walk away until his feet bleed. She then dies from her injuries. Gambit returns to assure Wolverine that the mutants are safe, but due to amnesia caused by the brain damage the adamantium bullets inflicted, Wolverine does not remember anything (this was Stryker's intention, knowing that even the adamantium bullets could not kill Logan but will cause amnesia). Gambit tries to get Wolverine to come with him, but he declines. Gambit wishes Wolverine good luck before departing, and Wolverine flees the scene as the ambulances and police arrive. The film has several additional scenes during and after the credits. The first of these scenes plays a few seconds into the credits, and depicts William Stryker walking down a road. Due to Silverfox's order, the toes of his shoes are torn and bloody from walking for so long. A military vehicle drives up behind him and he is apprehended by military police for questioning about the death of General Munson. (Stryker murdered the general earlier in the film in order to protect his vendetta against mutants.) Depending on which theater the movie was shown in, one of two possible endings then appears following the credits. In the first ending, Weapon XI's hand reaches out from the rubble of the nuclear complex to touch his severed head. Deadpool's mouth is now open and he says "Shhhhhhhh" to the audience. The second alternate ending shows Logan drinking at a bar in Japan. The bartender asks if he is drinking to forget; Logan replies that he's drinking to remember. 
 The Wolverine (2013)761) Wolverine comes to Japan to meet an old friend whose life he saved years ago, and gets embroiled in a conspiracy involving yakuza and mutants. In modern day Japan, Wolverine is out of his depth in an unknown world as he faces his ultimate nemesis in a life-or-death battle that will leave him forever changed. Vulnerable for the first time and pushed to his physical and emotional limits, he confronts not only lethal samurai steel but also his inner struggle against his own near-immortality, emerging more powerful than we have ever seen him before. Twentieth Century Fox Logan has been living a desolate life following the death of Jean Grey at his hands. A Japanese girl goes to see him, and tells him that a man he knew in World War II, and saved his life, is now dying and wants to see him. When he sees him, the man offers to make Logan mortal, but Logan refuses. Later, the man dies. At his funeral, some men try to grab the man's granddaughter. Logan saves her, but when they shoot him, Logan doesn't heal. They continue to go to a place where the girl feels safe. But men keep on finding them and the doctor who was treating the man, asks a Samurai who pledged to protect the girl, to bring her Logan. Logan still continues to deal with what happened to Jean. rcs0411@yahoo.com Logan has become a hermit, living in the woods alone and haunted by nightmares with Jean Grey. One day, the Japanese girl Yukio, who is skilled with a samurai sword, visits Logan and tells that her grandfather, the powerful businessman Yashida, is dying and wants to see him for the last time before dying. Yashida was a Japanese soldier that Logan saved the life of in Nagasaki in the World War II. Logan travels Japan with Yukio and the moribund Yashida offers mortality to Logan, transferring his gift to him, but Logan does not accept the offer. While sleeping, Logan has a weird dream with Yashida's doctor Viper and soon Yashida dies. Logan stays for the funeral and the Yakuza tries to abduct Yashida's granddaughter Mariko during the ceremony. Logan saves and flees with Mariko, but he is shot and does not heal the wounds. Logan protects Mariko and tries to find what has happened to him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A haunted Wolverine (Hugh Jackman) journeys to Japan to bid an old friend farewell, and gets drawn into a conflict involving ninja and Yakuza in a stand-alone spin-off set following the events of X-Men: The Last Stand (2006), and preceding the events of X-Men: Days of Future Past (2014). The story begins in Nagasaki. As a B-29 bomber appears in the sky and air-raid sirens howl, panicked Japanese troops begin committing harakiri (ritual suicide). Terrified, yet unwilling to sacrifice his own life, young soldier Yashida takes cover in a heavily fortified prison pit containing the immortal mutant Wolverine, who shields him from a deadly blast. Decades later, Wolverine has sworn off violence after he was forced to kill his beloved Jean Grey (Famke Janssen). He's confronting a hunter who has been using illegal, poison-tipped arrows when the sword-wielding Yukio (Rila Fukushima) comes to his aid, and summons him to Japan at the behest of the dying Yashida (Hal Yamanouchi), now the head of Japan's largest and most powerful tech giant. Just hours before passing away, Yashida implores Wolverine to protect his granddaughter Mariko (Tao Okamato), whom he has personally chosen to take over the family business, much to the chagrin of her plotting father Shingen (Hiroyuki Sanada). When the Yakuza attempt a high-profile kidnapping of Mariko during Yashida's funeral, Wolverine comes to her rescue, and receives some much needed help from enigmatic ninja Harada (Will Yun Lee). Narrowly escaping with their lives, Wolverine and Mariko go into hiding with the Yakuza and ruthless mutant Viper (Svetlana Khodchenkova) hot on their trail. But the battle is far from over, and with Wolverine's healing powers mysteriously diminished, he may not be able to protect Mariko for long. Decades after the devastating bombing of Nagasaki, a reclusive Logan finds himself tortured by guilt and the heavy burden of Wolverine's alter ego, right after the life-altering events of X-Men: The Last Stand (2006) . However, things will take a turn for the unexpected, when an insistent invitation to Japan brings Logan face to face with the faded memories of World War II, and the dying Japanese tech-magnate, Yashida. Now, his hidden agenda and a bold kidnapping attempt push the Wolverine beyond his physical and mental limits, as the once-invulnerable superhero is challenged, for the first time in his life, with the inevitability of death. But, is the powerful Wolverine cut out for an ordinary life and a normal end? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On 9 August 1945, in a WWII prison camp near Nagasaki, Japan, from a guard tower, a young Japanese officer Yashida ( Ken Yamamura ) watches a pair of B-29 bombers appear over tranquil Nagasaki. Air Raid alarms sound; Yashida sounds an alarm and hurriedly descends from his watchtower at the POW camp. While other Japanese officers prepare for death, Yashida quickly breaks open prison cells, freeing dozens of captured American soldiers. He lastly comes to a peculiar-looking cell, which looks like a tank turret securely welded over a well, chained securely to the ground: a hyper-secure prison cell. Inside is Logan ( Hugh Jackman ), who (while suspended by his bone claws) watches as all the inhabitants of the camp run for their lives. Yashida cuts the chains from Logan's cell and tells him to run. Each Japanese officer kneels in line and ceremonially commits seppuku (ritual suicide), but Yashida cannot bring himself to die immediately. As he prepares, Logan stops him. Yashida ultimately watches the bomb fall from one of the bombers, and Nagasaki is consumed by a massive fireball. Yashida tells Logan to escape, but Logan tells Yashida to climb down into the pit, as he'll stand a better chance of surviving the nuclear blast below. He makes up his mind and jumps into the pit, followed by Logan. Logan grabs a metal door and covers Yashida with it. Seconds later a wall of fire sweeps into the well, and Logan is consumed by it and horrifically burned. Yashida survives the bombing with only a small burn on his cheek, and watches in horror as the third-degree burns on Logan's body heal before his eyes. Logan awakens in the modern day. He's in bed with Jean Grey ( Famke Janssen ), and she asks him what dream it was this time. "Nagasaki" he responds. Logan has bad dreams every night, it seems. The two cuddle, and Logan professes his undying love for her and swears that he'll never harm anyone else. Jean says, "It's too late." Logan is horrified to see his claws are embedded in her lower chest and fresh blood is pouring out of her stomach. Logan screams in horror, and awakens from his dream-within-a-dream in a cave in the Yukon. Since Jean's death when the X-Men made their last stand, Logan has lived a primitive, solitary lifestyle. It appears that he lives in the woods like a wild animal, and hasn't bathed or shaved in a while. His small cave has only the basic necessities: empty whiskey bottles and an old radio which is losing battery power. Logan dresses and exits the cave, walking through the wilderness to the nearest town. Along the way he sees a bear's claw mark on a tree and slashes across it with his own claws. Moments later he crosses paths with a mammoth grizzly bear who, for all appearances, is friendly with Logan. Logan comes to the general store, buys some batteries, and watches as a small group of drunk hunters prepares to go up into the mountains. They're green; one of the hunters nearly shoots his foot off as he goofs around with his hunting rifle. Logan is annoyed. Logan returns to his cave and sleeps. Cries of agony ring out and he goes to investigate -- he finds the hunters' campsite destroyed. He sees evidence of a bear attack. He follows bear prints in the fresh mud and comes upon the same bear he'd seen earlier, with an arrow sticking out of its back. The grizzly is still alive and in terrible pain. The bear looks to Logan with tear-filled eyes and Logan is forced to put it out of its misery. Logan plucks the arrow from its' hide and sniffs the tip; it's coated in poison. He stalks into to the town and walks into the local bar (observed by a slight, young red-haired Japanese woman), where he finds the sole surviving hunter recounting the attack. The grizzly killed his companions; he was lucky to escape with his life. Logan, angry at the hunter, asks who shot the bear with illegal poisoned arrows -- because the poison was too low of a dose, the bear went on a rampage instead of dropping dead. The hunter denies using poison-tipped arrows, but Logan continues his accusations. Logan drives the arrow through the leader's hand pinning it to a table, explaining that it was the one he pulled from the bear's back; if it was not poisoned, then the hunter has nothing to worry about. The hunter's friends square off, ready to attack Logan, who is prepared to fight them all, when he is persuaded to stop by Yukio ( Rila Fukushima ), the red-haired Japanese woman carrying a samurai sword. She teases the hunters, and shows them her sword, explaining that it is hundreds of years old and is called "Danzan", "The Separator", because its purpose is to separate heads and limbs from bodies. She slices the sword through the air, nearly killing the other hunters in the process, frightening them all, and leaves. Logan leaves with her and climbs into her rental car. Logan asks who she is and why she's been looking for him. She explains that she has been sent by Yashida, whose elderly body is being ravaged by cancer. Yashida wishes to speak with Logan before he dies, and thank him for saving his life 70 years earlier. Logan is reluctant to go to Tokyo, but can't ignore this personal obligation. Logan and Yukio fly to Tokyo and arrive at Yashida's palatial residence. Logan is turned away by Yashida's American oncologist ( Svetlana Khodchenkova ) and by Yashida's grieving granddaughter Mariko ( Tao Okamoto ). They insist that Logan's caveman-like state could prove infectious to the elderly, dying Yashida. Logan is unwillingly thrown into a bathtub and cleaned and shaved until he is less offensive and more presentable. Logan is finally allowed to speak to Yashida ( Hal Yamanouchi ), who presents Logan with the same sword he bestowed on him 70 years earlier. Yashida has summoned Logan because he believes his cutting-edge company has the technology to present him with a unique opportunity: they can make Logan mortal, and will transfer Logan's life-giving mutation into his own body. Logan is upset by Yashida's request and argues that no one should want his power. As he begs Yukio to fly him home, he observes as Shingen ( Hiroyuki Sanada ), Yashida's son and Mariko's father, coldly and angrily slaps his distraught daughter. Heartbroken, Mariko aims to throw herself off the nearest cliff, but is saved by Logan, angering Shingen. Yukio persuades Logan to stick around for another day or two, and finds a room for him to stay in. As he sleeps, Logan dreams of Jean who climbs into bed with him and kisses him. As the dream ends, Jean becomes Yashida's oncologist, Dr Green. Her snake-like tongue presses deep into Logan's throat and deposits something causing a green vapor to flow from his mouth. He struggles and is knocked out. Logan awakens, having heard a commotion outside his room. He exits to find paramedics running through the estate. Seconds later, Yashida's dead body is carted to the entrance. Mariko cries and Shingen hurriedly prepares the funeral. Days later, Yashida's funeral is held in the center of Tokyo. Logan arrives with Yukio, and shakily makes his way through the funeral procession. Shingen is especially disgusted with Logan and tells him to go home. Logan and Yukio enter the funeral and stand at the back of the crowd. The ceremony is watched by a lone archer, who quietly whispers to the spirit of Yashida that he will protect Mariko. Mariko is ushered up to the front of the funeral by a pair of traditionally-dressed priests. Logan notices that the priest's arms are heavily tattooed with what are certainly Yakuza markings. Logan impulsively bursts through the crowd, angering Shingen, Mariko, and Mariko's distant fianc Noburo ( Brian Tee ). He spots a gun-shaped bulge under one of the priests' robes and within seconds guns are drawn and Logan is shot in the chest. He experiences more devastating pain than usual. All the priests shed their robes, revealing Yakuza tattoos and clothing. The Yakuza grab Mariko and flee the funeral. Logan chases after them. He's shot multiple times, and struggles greatly to regain his stamina; his healing ability is severely impaired. Arrows come soaring into the funeral, laying-out dozens of Yakuza members. The archer, Harada ( Will Yun Lee ), takes out many of the Yakuza and chases after Logan and Mariko as they flee the funeral temple. Logan takes Mariko deep into the city whilst being chased by the Yakuza. Mariko tries to dismiss Logan from accompanying her, but Logan follows. They board a bullet train and Logan pleads for understanding of what just happened. Mariko explains that in three days time, her grandfather's will is to be read, which will name her (not her father) as the new head of the Yashida corporation. The Yakuza are desperate to kidnap her because it will mean a huge ransom. Logan disappears into the train's bathroom and examines the wounds on his chest; they aren't healing. He shakily exits the bathroom and is met by four Yakuza soldiers who shoot and stab him. Logan retaliates, killing two of the men and ripping a hole in the side of the train. The remaining soldiers are sucked out onto the side of the train, along with Logan, and the three battle one-another at bullet train speed. Logan defeats the Yakuza and returns to his seat in the train. He asks where Mariko is headed. Her family has a home at "the end of the line". Logan infers that if there were Yakuza on the train, there are sure to be some waiting for them at their destination. Mariko agrees and the two exit the train well ahead of their destination. The pair walk through the city, in search of a safe place that Mariko is familiar with, but Logan stops her, and explains that they need to find a place to stay where nobody will look for her. Logan finds a seedy-looking hotel and drags Mariko inside. It's a "love-hotel", a pay-by-the-hour establishment. Logan thinks it's perfect, because it's the last place the Yakuza would look for them. They pick a "Mars-themed" room and hurry upstairs. While Mariko sleeps, Logan stands watch on the balcony. He dreams of Jean, and passes out. Mariko awakens and runs to his aid. Logan awakens in a veterinarian's office. The son of the hotel's manager is stitching up Logan's wounds. He nervously backs away from Logan as he stirs, and gestures to the fresh slashes on his face and arms, all caused by Logan. Logan is stitched-up and in better form than he was the night before, but he's still far from immortal. Dr Green sneaks her way through a seedy back-alley. Her blonde hair draws cat-calls from middle-aged perverts who expect her to be a prostitute. She takes one by the collar and spits green acid in his face, blinding him. She continues through the alley and finds Harada, impatiently waiting for her. She's two hours late and he's angry. She demands to know where Mariko and Logan are. Harada's men are still searching, but Mariko hasn't appeared in any of her usual spots. Green, a mutant who now identifies herself as 'Viper', tells him that they have less than three days to find her. The following morning, Yukio calls Mariko and pleads to know where she and Logan are hiding. Mariko refuses to say, despite her closeness to Yukio, but promises that Logan is being good and is caring for her. Mariko and Logan make their way to Yashida's long-forgotten home in Nagasaki. She doesn't expect anyone to follow them there, because the house is old and in disrepair. They buy groceries and Mariko cooks for Logan. Mariko explains that her engagement to Noburo is an arranged marriage; for powerful and political reasons she must go through with it. She also explains about the solitary archer who she grew up with and has wanted to marry since she was 12. She asks him who Jean is, as Logan tends to repeat that name in his sleep. Logan explains the relationship he had with Jean, how he loved her and why he killed her. They go for a walk, and Logan sees something familiar in the distance: the location of the prison camp, and the well in which he saved Yashida, which has long since been capped. Logan helps some locals chop wood, and begins to shed his gruff exterior, a trait that Mariko finds appealing about her guardian. The two return home and eventually make love. The following morning, Logan wakes and can't find Mariko anywhere. He hears her screaming outside. The Yakuza have found them and kidnapped Mariko. Mariko is thrown into their car and Logan runs after them. One of the soldiers shoots Logan, slowing him down, but Logan manages to pull him from the vehicle. He presses the man to the ground and tortures information of Mariko's whereabouts out of him. Yukio arrives, having followed the Yakuza to Nagasaki, and the pair of them go after the only lead they have: Noburo, Mariko's fianc. Yukio explains to Logan that she has a gift of second sight or the ability to see death, and that she has seen Logan die with his own heart in his hand. Logan tells her than many have tried to kill him before and that he's still around. They find Noburo in his apartment with a pair of western prostitutes. Logan threatens Noburo, who admits that he and Shingen had an agreement to kill Mariko, and that Shingen has her. Logan throws Noburo off a balcony and into a swimming pool. Yukio and Logan head back to Tokyo. On the way, she tells Logan that she's had a vision in a dream that showed her Logan severely injured and bleeding to death. Mariko arrives at the Yashida estate, where her father is waiting for her. Shingen explains that he has worked his entire life to take over the Yashida corporation once the elderly Yashida dies. When he discovered that Mariko, not himself, would be inheriting the corporation, he conspired with the Yakuza, by way of her fianc Noburo, to have her killed before the will was read. Had Logan not intervened on the night of her grandfather's death, and allowed Mariko to jump to her death, Shingen would have inherited the company immediately. Shingen, along with his small army of Yakuza, will now find a way to have Mariko killed while keeping his own hands clean. Suddenly, black-suited ninjas descend upon the compound and secretly dispatch the Yakuza. The ninjas are led by Harada and Viper. Shingen is cornered by the ninjas and Viper explains that there are greater forces at work than the Yakuza and him. She spits in his face, severely disfiguring it, and tosses him into a pool. Viper, Harada, and his men take Mariko and disappear. Logan and Yukio arrive and find evidence of the massacre. They make their way into Yashida's private room, filled with high tech medical equipment and x-ray scanners. Logan climbs into Yashida's MRI machine and guides the x-ray over his body and discovers, shockingly, a metallic parasite attached to his heart, implanted by Viper days earlier. The device has impaired his healing ability. Logan, against Yukio's pleas, cuts open his chest with one of his claws and reaches for his heart. Shingen, who had survived Viper's acidic attack, appears dressed in traditional samurai armor. He seeks to kill Logan, and swings his sword at him. Yukio saves Logan, and battles Shingen while Logan reaches further into his chest. Ultimately Logan manages to grab, extract and destroy the robotic parasite, but loses consciousness. He lays on Yashida's bed, with a giant open wound on his abdomen. Shingen bests Yukio, knocking her sword away from her, and aims to cut her in two when Logan's clawed hand suddenly appears, blocking the blow; Logan has healed and gets to his feet and goes after Shingen. Shingen skewers Logan's body with multiple swords, but is unable to kill him. Logan gets within arm's reach of Shingen, but decides to let him live, arguing that he should live knowing that he tried to kill his own daughter. As he walks away Shingen runs after him, running his sword through him. Logan stabs Shingen through the throat, killing him instantly. Logan returns to Yashida's room where Yukio has found Mariko's whereabouts -- a Yashida facility built in the village where he grew up. She also discovers strange robotic designs strewn about the room. Logan takes a Yakuza motorcycle parked out front and heads to the Yashida facility. The facility is high in the mountains. Logan drives into the village and watches as dozens of locals citizens flee to their homes. Seconds later Harada appears, and tells Logan to leave. Logan refuses, so Harada slashes at him. Harada watches in disbelief as Logan's fresh wound heals. Harada orders his ninja-clad men to kill Logan. All at once, arrows attached to ropes come streaming in from the adjacent rooftops, and within seconds Logan is impaled dozens of times. Harada, having dipped the heads of his arrows into Viper's venom, launches them at Logan, weakening him considerably. Logan finally passes out. Logan awakens inside the facility, strapped into a stock, forcing his hands forward and away from his body, unable to move. Viper appears, and congratulates Logan on removing her parasite. Logan hears Mariko screaming his name, and sees a massive, metallic mechanical samurai sitting to his left. To his shock, the mech gets to its feet and walks over to Logan. Viper explains that Yashida had been stockpiling adamantium in recent years, having been obsessed with Wolverine's adamantium skeleton. He built this suit of armor out of the material, and with it, Wolverine can be killed. Viper angers Logan and goads him into extending his claws. As soon as he does so, constraints are clasped onto his hands, preventing him from retracting the claws. Wolverine watches in horror as the giant, mechanical, adamantium samurai approaches him and draws an 8-foot long flaming sword. It positions itself to cut off his claws. Mariko struggles with Harada and stabs him. She runs to Logan's side and distracts the samurai, who slashes Logan's restraints open, allowing him to escape. Yukio, who had followed Logan, arrives at the back door of the facility and sneaks inside. She battles Viper while Logan deflects blows from the much larger and stronger Samurai. The Samurai cuts the claws off of one of Wolverine's hands, revealing bone underneath the adamantium. Logan battles the Samurai one-handed, wrestles its massive sword away from it and slashes the Samurai's helmet off. The out-of-control mechanical samurai slashes open the side of the facility, and pushes Logan out through the hole. Logan dangles hundreds of feet over the ground and hastily climbs back into the facility. Meanwhile Yuriko is battling Viper and losing. Harada, seeing that his actions have been dishonorable, makes a last effort at redemption, killing Viper and himself. Suddenly the samurai's sword comes swooping over Logan's head, cutting his other hand's claws clean off, and the pilot of the mechanical samurai is revealed to be Yashida, the old man thought dead. Yashida explains that his life's goal since meeting Logan was to prolong his own life, at whatever cost. When Logan refused to go through with the procedure at his estate, he faked his own death with the assistance of Viper and kidnapped Mariko, knowing that it would lead Logan to him. Yashida (in the samurai suit) grabs Logan's wrists and six drills come out of the suit's forearms. The needles drill into Logan's exposed bone-claws, straight into the marrow. Within seconds, Logan begins to grow old and Yashida, by way of the interconnected suit, becomes young again. Yashida laughs as he siphons the life from Logan. Mariko has freed herself from Harada and sees and hears her Grandfather's plan. Suddenly one of Logan's separated claws comes flying through the air and lands in Yashida's skull. Mariko confronts her grandfather and stabs him in the head again. Logan is freed from the suit's drills, his life returns to his eyes, and he instantly grows back his bone claws. Logan stabs Yashida, and pushes Yashida, and the suit, out of the facility. It crashes on the rocks below. Yukio, who had survived her encounter with the Viper, joins Logan on an airport runway. The biggest news of the day is that Mariko Yashida has inherited her grandfather's corporation. Mariko kisses Logan on the runway and hints that he should come back to see her soon, but the two agree that they have separate paths to follow. Logan boards the plane and Yukio follows. She gleefully tells Logan to consider her his bodyguard and asks Logan where he would like to go. Logan gives her an indefinite response, but he's happy that she's with him. CREDITS SPOILER: Two years later, Logan (minus Yukio) is walking into an Airport Security checkpoint and asks for the pat down. An overhead TV shows a commercial for 'Trask Industries', and Logan pays little attention to it. Suddenly the coins, watches, and pens in the X-ray machine begin to float. Logan, aware of this magnetic anomaly, immediately ejects his bone claws and spins around to see Magneto ( Ian McKellen ) behind him. Magneto freezes Logan in place, and urges Logan to lower his defenses. He tells Logan that his mission is a peaceful one, and that he hasn't come alone. Logan turns away from Magneto and watches as everybody surrounding them freezes in place. A wheelchair silently weaves through the sea of frozen bodies, and in its' seat is Charles Xavier ( Patrick Stewart ). Logan is speechless at seeing Xavier alive. Magneto and Xavier explain they need Logan to save all of mutant-kind. 
 Mad Max: Fury Road (2015)761) In a post-apocalyptic wasteland, a woman rebels against a tyrannical ruler in search for her homeland with the aid of a group of female prisoners, a psychotic worshiper, and a drifter named Max. An apocalyptic story set in the furthest reaches of our planet, in a stark desert landscape where humanity is broken, and almost everyone is crazed fighting for the necessities of life. Within this world exist two rebels on the run who just might be able to restore order. There's Max, a man of action and a man of few words, who seeks peace of mind following the loss of his wife and child in the aftermath of the chaos. And Furiosa, a woman of action and a woman who believes her path to survival may be achieved if she can make it across the desert back to her childhood homeland. Production In the stark desert wasteland populated by a broken humanity driven with survival and the unending ravage for gasoline, a loner named Max finds himself unwantedly caught in the middle of a chase while aiding the heroine Furiosa and her female companions. She struggles to return to her homeland and escape the clutches of a ruthless desert gang leader, Immortan Joe. With the harsh desert sands in front of them and marauders behind, only the maddest will prevail the storm. The former policeman Max is captured by the War Boys tribe, commanded by the Immortal Joe and assigned to be blood donor for the Wat Boy Nux who is sick. Meanwhile Imperator Furiosa drives a tank truck to collect gasoline for Joe. However her true intention is to flee from the tyrannical Joe with his five women selected to breed hidden in the truck to her homeland. Immortal Joe commands a party to hunt down Furiosa and Max is chained to Nux's car. Furiosa heads the truck into a sand storm but Nux continues to pursue her. After the storm, Max succeeds to escape from the car and brings Nux chained with him. He sees Furiosa and the five wives and decides to flee in their truck; but there is a secret to operate the truck and he teams up with Furiosa, leaving Nux in the desert. When Joe's gang arrives, they retrieve Nux and follow Furiosa. Will Max and the women succeed in escaping from Joe's gang? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Years after the collapse of civilization, the tyrannical Immortan Joe enslaves apocalypse survivors inside the desert fortress the Citadel. When the warrior Imperator Furiosa leads the despot's five wives in a daring escape, she forges an alliance with Max Rockatansky, a loner and former captive. Fortified in the massive, armored truck the War Rig, they try to outrun the ruthless warlord and his henchmen in a deadly high-speed chase through the Wasteland. Jwelch5742 After a narrow escape in the barren deserts of the dystopian Wasteland, the solitary post-apocalyptic survivor, Max Rockatansky, struggles to stay one step ahead from the water-controlling overlord Immortan Joe's marauding gangs, the Wild Boys. However, Max will soon cross paths with one of Joe's elite lieutenants--the fearless warrior, Imperator Furiosa--who has just fled the Citadel in her heavily armoured War Rig truck, absconding with an irreplaceable quintet of wives. Now, the powerful tyrant and his hordes of delusional zealots are after the unlikely team of Max and Furiosa; however, before the unforgiving Wasteland's deadly immensity, who has what it takes to survive? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Max Rockatansky ( Tom Hardy ) explains in a voice-over that he was once a cop and road warrior and is now trekking through post-apocalyptic Australia, running from haunting thoughts of his dead wife and child and other people he's failed to save. As he stands on a ridge looking around, a two-headed lizard crawls near Max and he stomps on it before eating it. He drives off and is quickly pursued by a group of scavengers called the War Boys, all pale and covered in blisters due to radiation sickness. They chase Max through the desert and force him to crash before they capture him. The War Boys take Max to their lair in the Citadel, a system of caves in a very tall mesa. They shave his head and face. They tattoo his back with a notice saying he is a universal blood donor (type O negative), intending to use him as a blood supply. They cover the lower part of his face with a trident-shaped iron muzzle and nearly brand him with an image of a skull engulfed in fire but he breaks free and runs from the War Boys. The chase through the caves shows that the Citadel is extensive and has an ample water supply as well as greenhouses. As he runs, Max continues to see images of the dead before he makes it to an exit high above the ground. He jumps out and latches onto a swinging hook, but he keeps swinging back toward the War Boys and they manage to pull him back into the tunnel. In the Citadel, there is a large community of survivors lorded over by the leader of the War Boys, Immortan Joe ( Hugh Keays-Byrne , who also played the villain Toecutter in the original Mad Max (1979) film). Joe wears a grotesque face mask made of horse teeth set in a large pair of jaws, with air hoses attached to a bellows system on his back to help him breathe (presumably, his lungs are damaged). As he addresses a crowd on the ground below the Citadel, he supplies the people with some water, making everyone go crazy and fight for it once Joe shuts it off after a few seconds. He warns the people not to become addicted to water so that they do not go mad over its absence. Joe then sends his commander Imperator Furiosa ( Charlize Theron ) out in a huge war rig to collect fuel from Gas Town, with an escort of War Boys in smaller vehicles. Furiosa has a metal prosthesis in place of her lower left arm and hand. On the road, Furiosa diverts from the path to Gas Town (glimpsed as a distant group of oil refineries) and heads east. Joe is alerted to the change and runs to the locked chambers where he keeps his five wives (young women chosen to breed his children). They're all gone, and writing on the walls says "Our children will not be warlords" and "Who killed the world?" An old woman tells Joe that he cannot own a human. Furiosa is taking the women away from Joe, prompting him to rally the War Boys and go after her. All the War Boys are eager to join the chase, but one called Nux ( Nicholas Hoult ) is so weak that he needs a "blood bank" -- which means Max goes along for the ride, chained to Nux and connected to the driver via a central line transfusion tube. The War Boys believe that Immortan Joe can deliver them to the gates of Valhalla, so Nux is willing to risk death in service to his leader. The War Boys ride after Furiosa's war rig, which is attacked by another scavenging tribe, the Buzzards. Nux straps Max to the hood of his car like the figurehead on a ship and eagerly chases Furiosa alongside the others. They attempt to get close to the rig, but Furiosa shakes most of them off, the War Boys aiding in the battle with explosive-tipped spears. Nux gets close to the rig as Max attempts to break free. Furiosa drives toward a enormous oncoming sand storm. Nux continues to chase her, even as they head into treacherous sand tornadoes. A few War Boys are killed in the storm, while Nux plots a kamikaze run by spilling his fuel inside his car. He plans to set it ablaze with a flare when Max is able to overpower and stop him. The two crash in the storm. Max awakens to find himself still chained to an unconscious Nux and still wearing his muzzle. He grabs a shotgun and tries to shoot off Nux's wrist, but the gun misfires. He spots Furiosa's rig and walks there, finding five beautiful women -- the Splendid Angharad ( Rosie Huntington-Whiteley ), Toast the Knowing ( Zo Kravitz ), Capable ( Riley Keough ), Cheedo the Fragile ( Courtney Eaton ), and the Dag () -- cleaning themselves with a hose and removing their chastity belts with bolt cutters. Splendid is nine months pregnant with Joe's child, and Dag is also carrying his baby. Max points the shotgun at the women and demands the hose. He drinks, then tells them to use the cutters to cut off his chain. Dag tries to but cannot break it. Furiosa sees in the distance that Joe has gathered reinforcements from the other towns that supply gas and ammunition to the Citadel. The approaching forces are led by the People Eater ( John Howard ) and the Bullet Farmer ( Richard Carter ). Max and Furiosa fight as he tries to cut the chain that ties him to Nux. Nux wakes up and helps Max fight Furiosa, who is assisted by the other women. Nux cuts the chain and Max tries to take the rig for himself. However, it stalls because Furiosa installed a kill switch and only she knows how to keep it going. Max lets her back on the rig but he doesn't want to take the rest of the women. Furiosa insists that they come along, as she is guiding them to a location she calls the Green Place. When Furiosa explains that Joe's "gratitude" toward Max will probably be a slow, painful death, Max gives in and as they ride off in the war rig, Nux sneaks on board. During this leg of the chase, Max is able to remove his face mask with a file given to him by Furiosa. Furiosa drives the rig into a canyon where she has an arrangement with a group of biker bandits: they'll close the pass behind her with a rock slide to foil her pursuers in exchange for 3000 gallons of fuel, which she's towing in a trailer pod. She teaches Max the sequence of switches to throw to defeat the kill switch, then asks his name. He doesn't want to tell her, so she says "When I yell 'Fool', drive out of here fast." They spot Joe and his forces closing in. Furiosa gets out and shouts to the bikers that she's brought the 3000 gallons of fuel, as agreed, and she'll detach the pod. One of the bikers complains that she said there would be a few pursuers, but there are three large parties. Furiosa, dodging to put the rig between herself and the bikers, yells "Fool!" and manages, between bullets, to climb back on as Max drives the rig away. Though she never did detach the fuel trailer, the the bikers blow up the overpass, temporarily halting Joe's pursuit. As they race away, Furiosa and Max fight off the biker bandits. Immortan Joe, in his large-wheeled, off-road vehicle, is able to climb over the rockfall. Another chase ensues through the desert. The War Boys keep trying to overtake the rig while Joe catches up. He attempts to shoot at the rig until Splendid steps out as a human shield, and Joe cannot do a thing without hurting his potential son. Nux attempts to help Joe, who sprays chrome paint on Nux's mouth with the promise of bringing him to the gates of Valhalla if Nux succeeds. Almost immediately, Nux loses his gun in front of Joe, who continues driving with disappointment. Splendid tries climbing back to the front of the rig, but she falls off and is run over by Joe's car. The women tell Max to turn back, but when he tells Furiosa that Splendid went under the wheels, Furiosa says they must keep going. The others cry for Splendid. Behind them, Joe screams in rage while holding Splendid's body. Nux slips back into the rig with the promise of helping the women evade Joe. He lies on the floor, distraught that he has failed Joe yet again and has lost his chance of joining his personal army. Capable consoles him. At the front, Furiosa tells Max of the Green Place and how she was taken from it as a child. As they continue driving through the night, the rig becomes stuck in a large field of mud. The Bullet Farmer is not far behind them. Max shoots at him but misses, and then Furiosa gets a clean shot, taking out the Bullet Farmer's lights and blinding him. Nux suggests they attach the truck's winch cable to a nearby tree and pull the rig forward. Meanwhile, Joe's lieutenant the Organic Mechanic ( Angus Sampson ) takes Splendid's body, as she is near death, and he cuts the baby out of her abdomen. The baby is dead too, but he tells Joe that it was a boy. Joe tells his adult son Rictus ( Nathan Jones ) that he had a brother. Rictus screams proudly. The women continue trying to push the rig out of the mud while Max goes out to face the Bullet Farmer himself. A few bright flashes of explosions are seen in the distant fog and he returns shortly with the Bullet Farmer's blood on his face, along with a nice supply of guns and ammo. In the morning, the rig comes up to a tower where a naked woman, the Valkyrie ( Megan Gale ), is screaming for help. Max thinks it's a trap, but Furiosa steps out and tells the Valkyrie her mother's name and her affiliation with this clan. The Valkyrie climbs down the tower and puts on a robe. More older women, the Vuvalini, emerge. The eldest, Keeper of the Seeds ( Melissa Jaffer ), recognizes Furiosa. Furiosa tells them that she is taking the women from the Citadel to the Green Place, but Keeper of the Seeds informs her that the muddy swamp they passed through was the Green Place, and has long since become uninhabitable. Furiosa walks into the sand and falls on her knees, screaming in despair. The Vuvalini agree to help the women from the Citadel ride across the salt flats (the dried up ocean) in search of a home. Max, still haunted by the images of his wife and child, decides to help the women go back to the Citadel since Joe's greenery and water supply are currently unguarded. They also plan to trap Joe and his army in the canyons. The group rides back in the direction of the Citadel. Joe sees them with his telescope, knowing full-well what their plan is. He gathers his army and gives chase. The Vuvalini help fight back. The Valkyrie shoots at the War Boys while defending one of her own until she is run over. Max and Furiosa kill some of the War Boys, while Max gets Joe to kill the People Eater by using him as a human shield. Keeper of the Seeds is also killed when one of the War Boys cuts her neck. Toast is captured by Joe and held hostage. Furiosa is stabbed on Joe's vehicle and grows weaker as Joe and Rictus gain momentum. Toast distracts Joe long enough to give Furiosa an opportunity to hook Joe's mask onto the wheels of his car. She growls, "Remember me?" to him as the wheels rip the mask and part of Joe's face off, killing him. The rig then heads toward the canyon, with Rictus still trying to stop them. The women get off safely while Nux says goodbye to Capable and swerves against the canyon, sacrificing himself to kill Rictus and collapse the overpass to put an end to Joe's army. On the way back to the Citadel, Furiosa's lungs nearly collapse. Max punches a small hole in her side to give her air. She starts to lose consciousness, and Max gives her a transfusion of his own blood. He finally tells her his name as she closes her eyes. The group arrives at the Citadel. Max presents the people with Joe's mouthless corpse, making everyone cheer. They rip Joe's corpse apart and feed off him. The water supply is brought out, giving the people as much water as they need. Furiosa rises and apparently becomes the new leader. She and Max acknowledge each other with respect once more before he slips away into the crowd to continue down his own path. 
 Ghost Rider (2007)651) When motorcycle rider Johnny Blaze sells his soul to the Devil to save his father's life, he is transformed into the Ghost Rider, the Devil's own bounty hunter, and is sent to hunt down sinners. When the motorcyclist Johnny Blaze finds that his father Barton Blaze has terminal cancer, he accepts a pact with Mephistopheles, giving his soul for the health of his beloved father. But the devil deceives him, and Barton dies in a motorcycle accident during an exhibition. Johnny leaves the carnival, his town, his friends, and his girlfriend Roxanne. Many years later, Johnny Blaze becomes a famous motorcyclist, who risks his life in his shows, and he meets Roxanne again, now a television reporter. However, Mephistopheles proposes Johnny to release his contract if he become the "Ghost Rider" and defeat his evil son Blackheart, who wants to possess one thousand evil souls and transform hell on Earth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil This is the story of Johnny Blaze, who was only a teen-aged stunt biker when he sold his soul to the devil known as Mephistopheles. Many years later, Johhny is a world-renowned daredevil by day, but at night, he becomes the devil's legendary bounty hunter called the Ghost Rider. He is charged with finding evil souls on Earth and bringing them back to hell. But when a twist of fate brings Johnny's long-lost love Roxanne back into his life, Johnny realizes he just might have a second chance at happiness if he can beat the devil Blackheart and win back his soul. To do so, he'll have to defeat his nemesis and wayward son, Blackheart, whose plot to take over his father's realm will bring hell on Earth unless Ghost Rider can stop him before it's too late. ahmetkozan In 1986, the then innocent, seventeen-year-old motorcycle stuntman, Johnny Blaze, struck a bargain with the demon Mephistopheles to spare his father from certain death. Two decades later, the past comes back to haunt Johnny, now a famous daredevil, when the evil entity returns bearing dark gifts in exchange for a favour: to hunt down Mephisto's son, Blackheart, and if Blaze succeeds, he can have his precious soul back. As Johnny becomes the Devil's feared left hand, riding a fiery motorcycle, the legendary Spirit of Vengeance emerges. Now, with his flesh consumed by hellfire when around evil, all sinners will have to pay in blood. Is there an escape from the supernatural, leather-clad anti-hero from Hell? Nick Riganas In order to save his dying father, young stunt cyclist Johnny Blaze sells his soul to Mephistopheles and sadly parts from the pure-hearted Roxanne Simpson, the love of his life. Many years later, Johnny's path crosses again with Roxanne, now a reporter, and also with Mephistopheles, who offers to release Johnny's soul if Johnny becomes the fabled, fiery Ghost Rider, a supernatural agent of vengeance and justice. Mephistopheles charges Johnny with defeating the despicable Blackheart, Mephistopheles' nemesis and son, who plans to displace his father and create a new hell even more terrible than the old one. Kenneth Chisholm Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with the voice of the Caretaker (Sam Elliot) relating the legend of the Ghost Rider - a damned soul condemned to walk the earth and obey the Devil's orders. A Ghost Rider had been sent to collect a parchment known as the Contract of San Venganza, which holds the power of 1000 evil souls. The Ghost Rider knew that this Contract was pure evil, so he betrayed his heritage and outran the Devil himself. The action changes to a carnival, where the father-son stunt duo of Barton Blaze (Brett Cullen) and his son Johnny (Matt Long) are performing on ramps for the crowd. After the show, Barton chastises Johnny for showing off and being extra reckless in an attempt to impress his girlfriend Roxanne Simpson (Raquel Alessi). Later that day, Roxanne and Johnny meet under a tree, and Roxanne tells Johnny that her father is sending her away. Johnny decides to pack up and they will run away together. They share a kiss before departing. Johnny goes back to his house to find his father asleep, holding a piece of paper. It is a report from a doctor, and the news is not good- he's been diagnosed with terminal cancer. Crushed, Johnny goes out to work on his motorcycle, when he is approached by Mephistopheles (Peter Fonda) who asks if Johnny will perhaps one day ride for him. Mephistopheles mentions Barton's illness, and offers to help. Johnny asks what he could give in return, and Mephistopheles says "Your soul." Johnny, thinking the man crazy or sarcastic, responds "OK." Mephistopheles offers Johnny a contract, and Johnny cuts himself when opening it. Mephistopheles accepts this blood drop as an appropriate signature. Johnny wakes up in bed with Barton energetic and cheerful. Barton confesses to Johnny that he had been sick, but now feels "heathly as a horse." Johnny is stunned. Barton attempts a new stunt at the show the next day (jumping through a ring of fire), but he comes up short and crashes. Johnny tearfully watches his father die while Mephistopheles laughs ominously. Johnny sees Roxanne at the hilltop tree, but does not join her and rides off into the distance. Mephistopheles approaches Johnny, promising that one day he will come for Johnny's services when needed. We fast-forward to 10 years later. Johnny (now played by Nicolas Cage) is the most famous daredevil in the world. He is attempting a new stunt at a sold-out stadium, jumping over a row of parked semi rigs. Johnny clears the targets on the field, but comes up short on the landing, wrecking his bike and sending him crashing into a wall. Johnny's pit crew, led by his best friend Mack (Donal Logue) rush to his side and find Johnny dazed but uninjured. The crowd roars with cheers as Johnny gets back up. Later, as Johnny and his crew are on the road, Mack is perplexed, believing that there is no way Johnny should have survived that crash. Mack suggests that maybe Johnny has a guardian angel, and Johnny mildly suggests that "Maybe it's something else" as he looks out the window, and momentarily sees his face turn into a skeleton with a flash of lightning. Mack and the crew watch a TV advertisement for Johnny's next stunt, taking place in his old hometown. Johnny will be attempting to clear an entire football field (300 Feet), jumping over 50 cars in the process. Meanwhile, another strange figure in black, Blackheart, (Wes Bentley) arrives at a Hell's Angels club out in the desert. He proceeds to kill nearly all of the members with a single touch. Mack and Johnny arrive at Johnny's apartment, where Mack tries to talk Johnny out of doing this new stunt because it seems too risky. Mack is worried because Johnny is becoming increasingly reckless while delving into strange interests (Johnny's apartment has a lot of strange books about the occult). Johnny responds that he is merely looking for "a sign and a second chance." Back at the Hell's Angels bar, Blackheart is approached by 3 elemental spirits; Gressil (earth), Wallow (water) and Abigor (wind) and recruits their help in finding the Contract of San Venganza. The spirits agree even though they are afraid of Mephistopheles (a name that angers Blackheart). Johnny is getting ready for his new stunt when he is approached by a reporter for an interview. To his shock, it is his old girlfriend Roxanne (now played by Eva Mendes). Johnny is so stunned by her arrival that he cannot answer any of her interview questions. Roxanne breaks off the interview and leaves before Johnny begins his jump. Mack joins Johnny on the ramp, feeling relieved now that Johnny has agreed to take the cars out of the jump. Johnny then reveals that he thought of something else to put in, and the stadium roof opens to allow six Blackhawk helicopters to descend in. Mack is angry about this change and demands to know what prompted such an idea. Johnny explains that his father Barton thought it would be cool. Johnny sets up his bike, though his mind is obviously still focused on Roxanne. Without warning, he throttles up and heads down the ramp. After a few tense seconds, Johnny makes it across with a perfect landing. Johnny waves to the crowd and then speeds off. Roxanne and her news van are riding down the expressway when they are confronted by Johnny. Johnny pulls a few stunts to get the van to stop so he can talk to Roxanne. Roxanne relents, telling Johnny to meet her in the restaurant of her hotel later that evening. A group of motorists angry at the stop of traffic storm over to see what is happening, but when they find out that Johnny Blaze is on the freeway they swarm around asking for autographs. Blackheart and his gang confront Mephistopheles, the man in black who made the contract with Johnny. Mephistopheles warns them about trying to take the contract of San Venganza, and threatens them with the Ghost Rider. Blackheart is unafraid. It is revealed through this conversation that Blackheart is Mephistopheles' son. Johnny is preparing for his date with Roxanne when he notices his hands glowing bright red. He washes them only to observe steam rising off his palms. Johnny goes out into the alley to find a brand-new motorcycle revved up and waiting for him. Mephistopheles appears, revealing that he has decided to invoke Johnny's services. Mephistopheles explains that he has been keeping Johnny alive all this time so that this day could come. Mephistopheles compels Johnny to get on the new bike and sends him off after Blackheart, offering to return Johnny's soul if he is successful. Johnny's new bike sets off at such a speed that it burns a trail of fire and destruction through the town. Blackheart and his gang arrive at a train yard where they are confronted by the night watchman. Blackheart is curious, stating that this land was once a cemetery. The watchman explains that the graves were moved by St. Michael's Church, and Blackheart kills him. Johnny arrives and dismounts the bike, thrashing in pain. Fire erupts from his feet and hands, as Johnny roars with a mixture of pain and evil desire. Finally his head bursts into flame, revealing a skeletal skull. Johnny Blaze has become the new Ghost Rider. Blackheart confronts the Ghost Rider and sends in his elementals to fight. Ghost Rider grabs some chains off a nearby wall to use as weapons but ist stopped when Gressil drives a truck into the building. Ghost Rider erupts from behind the truck, lighting one of his chains on fire and ensnaring Gressil. Gressil screams in pain as he is turned to stone and dissolves. Ghost Rider whistles and his motorcycle appears. He touches the gas cap and the motorcycle transforms into a firey skull-and-chain entity, much like the Ghost Rider himself. He rides through town and spots a young woman being mugged. He grabs the mugger (who stabs him, but the knife merely melts off in Ghost Rider's body). Ghost Rider commands the mugger to "Look into my eyes." The mugger screams in horror as his memories of past crimes come back to haunt him. When this torture is finished, Ghost Rider tosses the mugger aside. Ghost Rider ends his drive through town on the outskirts, obviously growing weaker by the oncoming morning. He arrives in a cemetary and slowly but painfully changes back into Johnny Blaze. Johnny collapses at the headstone of his father, Barton. Roxanne, angry at Johnny for standing her up, reports on the chaos in town. The police find a license plate during the investigation that belongs to one of Johnny Blaze's bikes. Johnny is found by the Caretaker, who offers help. Johnny is skeptical at first, but relents. The Caretaker explains that the Ghost Rider is essentially "the Devil's bounty hunter," who must hunt down anyone escaping from hell. Furthermore, the Ghost Rider only appears at night or in the presence of evil. Johnny remembers what he did to the mugger, and the caretaker explains that that was the Ghost Rider's greatest weapon - the Penance Stare. It makes anyone who feels it experience the pain of every sin they have caused. The Caretaker explains the story of the last Ghost Rider, and the town of San Venganza's souls. He also reveals that the spirits following Blackheart are The Hidden- fallen angels cast out of Heaven. Johnny leaves to take care of some business, which the Caretaker advises against (Blackheart and The Hidden cannot come onto sacred ground such as the cemetery, so Johnny would be safer staying there). Johnny looks at the devastation caused by last night's events. He meets Roxanne, who is very mad at him. Johnny goes back to his apartment and does some research about "fire elements," and is able to display a minor degree of control over his new powers. Roxanne arrives and asks him what has been going on with Johnny. Johnny decides to be honest with her, but Roxanne does not accept his story (selling the soul to the devil and becoming a bounty hunter), thinking he is either lying to keep her away or has gone insane. Johnny walks outside and the police arrest him, thinking him responsible for the previous night's murders. Johnny denies any involvement, and the police throw him in a holding cell. The inmates recognize Johnny, and decide to attack him out of revenge for never seeing him fail in his stunt shows. One young inmate stands up for Johnny but he is knocked aside. The remaining inmates jump on Johnny, who effortlessly transforms into Ghost Rider and defeats them all. Ghost Rider steals the lead thug's jacket and gloves, making small spikes emerge from the metal detailing. Ghost Rider proceeds to burn through the cell bars and leaves. He hesitates for a minute in confronting the young inmate who stood up for him, then proclaims the young man to be "Innocent" and walks off. Blackheart is seen at St. Michael's Church, asking the minister about the Contract of San Venganza. The minister denies any knowledge, so Blackheart kills him. Upon learning that Ghost Rider is active again, Blackheart sends Abigor to deal with him. Ghost Rider reclaims his motorcycle and escapes from police custody. The cops quickly give pursuit, eventually trapping him in a dead-end alley. Ghost Rider merely tilts his motorcycle and proceeds to ride straight up the building! Roxanne, in a building across the block, is packing to leave when she looks out and sees the strange display. Ghost Rider confronts Abigor on the rooftop, but they are ambushed by a police helicopter. Ghost Rider uses his chains to throw the copter away from the roof so they do not interfere. Ghost Rider then attempts to catch Abigor just like he did with Gressil, but Abigor uses his wind powers to escape. This gives Ghost Rider an idea: he ignites a chain and spins it, causing a cyclone that pulls in Abigor. After a few minutes of resistance, the Wind Spirit is destroyed. The police attempt to apprehend Ghost Rider as he comes down from the roof. Ghost Rider attempts to resist, until he spots Roxanne in the crowd. The flames on Ghost Rider's head grow fainter as he approaches Roxanne. The police see this as an advantage and open fire with their weapons. Ghost Rider conjures a wall of flame and escapes, retreating to the cemetery. The Caretaker finishes the story of the Contract of San Venganza by telling Johnny about the previous Ghost Rider - a former Texas Ranger named Carter Slade. Slade became corrupt and made a deal with Mephistopheles to save his life. When Carter Slade saw what was happening at San Venganza, he took the Contract and hid it. The Caretaker puts forth the theory that Carter was buried with it. Roxanne returns to Johnny's apartment where she meets Mack. Mack talks bout how Johnny has had weird interests recently and Roxanne begins to fip through some of Johnny's books. She is now convinced that what Johnny told her was true. Blackheart suddenly appears and kills Mack. Johnny returns to find Mack dead and Blackheart holding Roxanne captive. He transforms into Ghost Rider and attempts to use the Penance Stare on Blackheart. He merely laughs, explaining that the Penance Stare will not work on him because he has no soul. Blackheat agrees to free Roxanne if Johnny brings him the Contract at the ruins of San Venganza by morning. Johnny returns to the cemetery, vowing to dig up the entire place if need be. The Caretaker shatters his shovel, revealing a rolled-up parchment in the handle. It is the contract. Johnny decides to take it and have a final fight with Blackheart. The Caretaker relents, thinking that Johnny's circumstances make him unpredictable and he just might have an advantage. The Caretaker whistles, summoning a mysterious horse from the shadows. He climbs on and bursts into flames. The Caretaker reveals that HE is Carter Slade, the previous Ghost Rider. Both Riders head out to San Venganza. Carter escorts Johnny to San Venganza, but then collapses. Carter explains that the trip has exhausted the last of his Ghost Rider powers. Carter gives Johnny a shotgun and then rides off into the sunset, ready to face eternity for his actions. Johnny is riding into San Venganza when he is ambushed by Wallow, the last surviving Hidden. Wallow pulls Johnny underwater, trying to drown him. Johnny counters by transforming into Ghost Rider and superheating the water, evaporating Wallow. Blackheart appears with Roxanne in custody. He lets Roxanne go as Johnny hands over the contract. Before Blackheart can take the Contract, Johnny transforms into Ghost Rider and attacks. Blackheart manages to fight off Ghost Rider's attacks and reads the Contract, commanding the spirits within the town to join with him. The spirits emerge and unite with Blackheart, who then proclaims "My name is Legion; for we are many." Roxanne attacks Legion with Carter Slade's shotgun. It wounds him but does little to slow his advance. Johnny catches the shotgun and infuses it with his Ghost Rider powers, turning it into a hell-fire weapon. The blast disintegrates Legion, but he effortlessly begins to reform. Johnny realizes that Legion now has all thousand souls from San Venganza trapped within him, and has made himself vulnerable to Ghost Rider's greatest weapon. He transforms into Ghost Rider one last time and traps Legion long enough to use the Penance Stare. Legion screams in agony as the sins of one thousand souls pass through his body. Legion reverts to Blackheart and dies, the Penance Stare having succeeded once again. Mephistopheles arrives and congratulates Johnny on his success. He offers to take back the Ghost Rider powers, but Johnny refuses. He decides to keep the powers and use them against Mephistopheles' evil. He is angry but he cannot take back the power by force, and vows to make Johnny pay. Johnny and Roxanne share an emotional farewell as Johnny vows to head out and go wherever the road takes him. 