nm0000629:

 Zoolander (2001)651) At the end of his career, a clueless fashion model is brainwashed to kill the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Derek Zoolander is VH1's three time male model of the year, but when Hansel wins the award instead, Zoolander's world becomes upside down. His friends disappear, his father is disappointed in him, and he feels that he's not good as a model anymore. But when evil fashion guru Mugatu hires Zoolander, he thinks his life has turned back round again, that is until he finds out that Mugatu has actually brainwashed him to kill the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Can Zoolander and his new friends find out how to prevent the incident before it's too late? FilmFanUK Male supermodel Derek Zoolander is on his way down after three years of continuously winning the "Male Model of the Year" award. When he is beaten by the hot newcomer Hansel, Derek starts searching for a new meaning in his life. Just then fashion czar Mugatu offers Derek a comeback in his new "Derelicte"-line. What nobody suspected is that Mugatu plans to assassinate the new Malaysian Prime Minister on his visit to New York, so that cheap child labor is still available for Mugatu's fashion producing. By brainwashing Zoolander, Mugatu and his evil associate Katinka create a dumb and willing killer to do the job. Only in Time Magazine journalist Matilda suspicion arises slowly, and she tries to stop Derek. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Derek Zoolander, a dimwitted male model, feels threatened by the new and popular Hansel; after his friends and fellow models are killed in a freak gasoline fight, he announces his retirement from modeling. However, he is persuaded by Mugatu and his lackey, Katinka Inga Shanana, to lead their Derelicte fashion show. Unbeknownst to Derek, he had been brainwashed into killing the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Along the way, he befriends his former rival, Hansel, and Matilda, a reporter who defamed him; they eventually save him from Mugatu. Anu H. Derek Zoolander has been the dominant male model in the industry for three years thanks to his patented "look," Blue Steel. On the night of the VH1 Fashion Awards, what should be his fourth trophy goes to an upstart model named Hansel. Adding to the insult, a story in Time magazine brands him an idiot. Derek decides to retire and seek out his roots. Meanwhile, the new prime minister of Malaysia has upset a secret coalition of fashion designers by promising to raise the minimum wage, effectively ending their supply of cheap labour in sweatshops. Sensing disaster, the covert group charges Mugatu, the current king of haute couture, to find a mindless male model to brainwash into assassinating the new world leader. Derek, rejected by his family, stumbles predictably into Mugatu's hands and the only ones who can save him are the reporter who took away his good name, his rival Hansel, and a mysterious model from the past who sheds light on the whole conspiracy. They have to work against time and Derek's ineptitude to stop him from killing on the night Mugatu reveals his newest clothing line with the Malaysian minister as his "honoured guest." Lordship <lordship@juno.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. News footage datelined Kuala Lumpur: newly elected Prime Minister Hassan ( Woodrow W. Asai ) of Malaysia promises to increase the minimum wage and eliminate child labor. The screen rolls up to reveal a large, dimly lit space in a warehouse. Clothing designer Jacobim Mugatu ( Will Ferrell ) has been called on the carpet by a secret international cabal of fashion industry moguls. The cabal is disturbed because the new prime minister's policies will cut deeply into the fashion industry's profits. They direct Mugatu to assassinate the PM using a brainwashed agent -- someone who isn't too bright. Apparently they've done this sort of thing before. Mugatu reluctantly agrees (he'd prefer to concentrate on the upcoming show for his new collection), but wonders where he'll find someone dumb enough. Cut to a photo shoot where male model Derek Zoolander ( Ben Stiller ) is being made up while reporter Matilda Jeffries ( Christine Taylor ) interviews him for an article in Time magazine. Derek says he decided to become a model "the first time I went through the second grade," when he realized how good-looking he was. He shows Matilda a couple of the "looks" -- facial expressions -- he's best known for, including Blue Steel and the "softer" Le Tigre. They look exactly the same. The rest of the scene is intercut with footage of celebrities giving sound bites in praise of Derek Zoolander. Derek tells Matilda about Magnum, a new look he's been working on for 8 or 9 years, but says he isn't ready to show it to anyone. The TV coverage for the VH1 Fashion Awards starts, naturally, with the arrival of the key players. First to roll up is Derek, who we learn is three-time Male Model of the Year. He's defending his title against the hippie-ish Hansel ( Owen Wilson ), a fabulously successful rookie. Hansel arrives on a folding scooter and does tricks with a yo-yo as he walks down the red carpet. Next in are Mugatu, who's picketed by protesters supporting Prime Minister Hassan's fair wage laws, and Zoolander's agent, Maury Ballstein ( Jerry Stiller , Ben's father) of Balls Models, who arrives in time to stop Derek from revealing anything about Magnum to a TV interviewer. Inside, Fabio accepts the "Slashie" award for the "best actor 'slash' model and not the other way around." When the Male Model of the Year is announced, Derek mishears the announcement and embarrasses himself by trotting up to accept Hansel's award. In the audience, Mugatu tells Maury that Derek is just the idiot he's looking for to resolve the Malaysian situation. Maury sadly agrees that Derek, now washed up, is "ready." Derek stumbles out of the awards ceremony, stares at his reflection in a puddle, and asks it who he is. (It doesn't know either.) Hansel rides by and taunts Derek. Derek walks through the city watching his billboard pictures changing to pics of Hansel while a Jumbotron TV replays his award gaffe. He gets home and crashes in his bunk; his three roommates are already asleep in adjacent bunks. Next morning, Derek's roommates Brint ( Alexandre Manning ), Rufus ( Asio Highsmith ), and Meekus ( Alexander Skarsgrd ), who are also male models, sit around complaining about Hansel. Derek, sporting penguin-print feetie pajamas, interrupts the grouse-fest to wonder if they should be doing something more meaningful with their lives -- helping people. His roommies suggest that orange mocha frappuccinos will make it easier to sort out these important issues. Cut to the boys out for a drive with their drinks. They pull into a gas station and start a playful water fight with the windshield squeegees. Derek sees someone discarding a copy of Time and goes off to retrieve it. He's on the cover, but the coverage isn't kind: "Derek Zoolander: a model idiot?" In the background, the water fight has progressed into a (still playful) gasoline fight. Then one of the boys lights a cigarette and the resulting fireball kills all three of them. Derek gives the eulogy (or eugoogoly, as he pronounces it) at the triple funeral. He uses the opportunity to announce his retirement from modeling (though he's interrupted by the late arrival of Hansel and his entourage). On the way out of the cemetery (St. Adonis), he runs into Matilda, who is failing to persuade Mugatu to talk to her. She apologizes to Derek for the "harsh" Time story and blames her editor for the headline. She asks Derek to help her find background on Mugatu, but he brushes her off. At Balls Models, Derek tells Maury he wants to go home and reconnect with his family. He also wants to do something meaningful with his life; he dreams of teaching underprivileged children to read. Maury reminisces about Derek's beginnings in the business and how he couldn't turn left to save his ass. (He still can't.) He tells Derek that Mugatu wants to hire him, but he can't convince Derek not to retire. Cut to Coal Mining Country, Southern New Jersey. In a snakeprint suit with matching luggage, Derek catches up with his father ( Jon Voight ) and brothers outside the coal mine. He wants to work with them in the mines. His father is dismissive, but Derek insists. Back in the city, Mugatu is bitchy to a model ("I'm sorry, did my pin get in the way of your ass?") and tells Maury to get Derek back. Derek is doing a fetching but ineffectual turn at coalmining. At a bar after work, a TV commercial in which Derek appears as a mermaid ("mer-man!" Derek insists) is the last straw for his father and brothers. Although Derek pleads that all he ever wanted "was to make you proud of me, Pop," he's disowned and sent packing. In the parking lot, he asks the stars "who am I?" When his absurdly tiny cell phone rings he assumes it's God, but it's only Maury, calling about a fabulous new offer from Mugatu. In Mugatu's office, after some suggestive byplay between Mugatu and his assistant over an overly foamy latte, Derek is shown the fabulous new offer: an architect's model of the Derek Zoolander Center for Kids who Can't Read Good. Derek is incensed ("what is this? a center for ants?"), but allows Mugatu to placate him after they agree that the center needs to be at least ... three times bigger than the model. Matilda visits Balls Models to interview Maury about Mugatu; Maury claims to know nothing about him. He advises her to get a push-up bra. Meanwhile, Mugatu shows Derek the new collection he'll be representing: Derelicte, "inspired by the very homeless, the vagrants, the crack whores who make this wonderful city so unique." He introduces the tall and sinister Katinka Ingabogovinanana ( Milla Jovovich ), Derek's minder. She takes him to a very exclusive day spa, where he's to get a massage and brainwashing. Archie ( Matt Levin ), a flunky at Time who has the hots for Matilda, gives her a big pile of information he's gathered about Mugatu -- but reports that he's found nothing before 1995. A mysterious tipster whose hand is encased in an odd glass contraption calls Matilda and directs her to Pier 12, the location of the spa. She sneaks in and has an awkward conversation with Derek (who unlike Matilda is completely unembarrassed by his post-massage erection) before being thrown out by Katinka, who insults Matilda's wardrobe for good measure. The brainwashing sequence features lots of little animated Mugatus and explains why child labor is a good thing. It conditions Derek to kill the Malaysian prime minister -- who will be the guest of honor at the Derelicte show -- when he hears the '80s hit "Relax" by Frankie Goes to Hollywood. A week later, Derek wakes up with a start in his bunk at home. Matilda's at the door; she's been looking for him for days. He doesn't quite believe that he was at the day spa that long, even when she shows him the date on a newspaper. He thinks she's coming on to him (which she denies) and turns her down. As she leaves, he mentions that wearing her hair pulled back is bad for her complexion, and performs a quick makeover of her 'do. She looks great (but startled), and wears her hair down for the rest of the movie. Katinka seems to have staked out Derek's place. She sits in her car muttering about how much she dislikes Matilda. Back in the Time office, Archie reports his latest discovery: Mugatu's male models "have a bad habit of dying young in freak accidents." Matilda realizes that Katinka is going to kill Derek and rushes off to find him, but the door person at the party he's attending won't let her in. At the party, Derek saunters around receiving congratulations from celebrities on winning the Derelicte gig. When Hansel bumps into him, he takes offense. Derek challenges Hansel to a "walk-off." Most of the party-goers repair to the old Members Only warehouse to watch the two models resolve their differences. Matilda catches up with Derek on the way, but he won't take the time to listen to her. A crowd gathers at the warehouse, where there's a runway and a "corner" for each contestant, as in a boxing ring. David Bowie offers to officiate. "This'll be a straight walk-off, old school rules," he says. "First model walks, second model duplicates, then elaborates." They take turns walking down the runway imitating each other's moves until Hansel comes up with something Derek can't reproduce: he removes his underwear without taking off his pants. Derek hurts himself trying to pull that off. Riding home with Matilda, Derek shrugs off her warning that Katinka is out to get him because he's despondent at losing another contest to Hansel. He confesses that Hansel could have beaten him with a much simpler move: a left turn. Derek has never been able to hang a louie. As Matilda tries to reassure him, she gets another call from her tipster, who wants to meet her at St. Adonis Cemetery. Derek comes along. Derek and Matilda stroll the cemetery reading gravestones. Derek notices that none of the male models buried there lived past 30. The tipster turns up and notes that he himself made it past 30. He won't tell them his name. He says they've stumbled on something big: the fashion industry has used male models to carry out "every major political assassination over the last 200 years," including Lincoln (who was targeted because abolishing slavery wiped out the free labor the fashion industry relied on) and Kennedy (because the Cuban embargo cut off the supply of Sansabelt slacks). Matilda drops her flashlight and the tipster absent-mindedly reaches for it with his left hand, which is covered with an odd glass contraption. Derek recognizes the hand as that of J.P. Prewitt (a scruffy David Duchovny ) -- "the world's greatest hand model!" The glass contraption is a home-made hyperbaric chamber meant to preserve Prewitt's hand. Prewitt explains that models make good assassins because they're in good shape, they're famous enough to get past security, they don't think for themselves, and they're used to following directions. He also mentions that when they've completed their missions, assassin-models are killed. Just then, Katinka and some goons start shooting at them. Prewitt tells them to get hold of Maury Ballstein's computer; Maury has protected himself by documenting all he knows about the fashion-industry cabal and the assassinations. In parting, Prewitt offers Derek some encouraging words about Blue Steel and the long-anticipated Magnum. In search of a hiding place where no one -- and especially Katinka -- will think to look for them, Derek and Matilda go to Hansel's. Hansel is willing to let them in, but first, he makes Derek explain why he's "been acting so messed-up towards me." Derek admits that he feels threatened by Hansel. Hansel says he's been acting messed-up towards Derek because he's intimidated by Derek's reputation, and in fact Derek inspired him to become a male model. "I freakin' worship you, man." Hansel shows them around his loft, which is huge and full of friends. The three of them sit down together and get high on "tea," and Hansel asks Matilda why she dislikes models so much. She confesses that when she was young she was the fat kid in her class, and she used to pore over the photos in fashion magazines yearning to be thin like the models. Eventually she became bulimic, for which she blames the models. Hansel and Derek don't see the problem with throwing up after meals -- they do it themselves -- and want to know whether it caused guys to show more interest in her. She admits that her sex life is pretty much nonexistent. Hansel suggests they "give in to the power of the tea" and get naked. They all -- including Hansel's friends -- have a lot of sex. Next morning, Derek tells Hansel he's falling for Matilda. Matilda comes in and reminds them that they have to get hold of the evidence of the assassination plot before the Derelicte show starts in three hours. Derek and Hansel sneak into Maury's office dressed as maintenance men. Matilda instructed them to find the files on Maury's computer (an orange iMac) and email them to her, but they can't figure out how to turn the thing on. Before leaving for the show, Derek gives Hansel his tiny cell phone, asking him to give it to Matilda if anything happens to Derek. Hansel, having grasped that the files (he's thinking paper) are inside the computer, takes the computer and heads for Derelicte himself. Meanwhile, Matilda checks in at the office, where Archie at last has the goods on Mugatu: Mugatu was kicked out of Frankie Goes to Hollywood before they made it big with "Relax." He broke into fashion by inventing the piano-key necktie. When she figures out that Mugatu used "Relax" to trigger the conditioning that will induce Derek to kill the Malaysian prime minister, Matilda rushes to the fashion show. Backstage, Derek confronts Maury about the assassination plot, causing Maury to have a change of heart. Derek hits the runway as Matilda arrives and tangles with Katinka. She tells Hansel about the trigger. "Relax" starts playing and Derek's conditioning kicks in, but Hansel has broken into the DJ booth. During a break-dance fight between Hansel and the DJ, the music switches from "Relax" to Herbie Hancock's "Rockit" and back. Every time "Relax" comes on, Derek advances down the runway toward the prime minister. Hansel saves the day by shutting down the sound system just as Derek gets his hands around the prime minister's neck. Mugatu publicly accuses Zoolander of trying to kill the prime minister. Hansel comes to Derek's defence, revealing the brainwashing and claiming that he has evidence in the computer -- which he proceeds to drop from a catwalk above the stage, expecting to find paper files in the debris. Mugatu thinks the evidence has been destroyed and he's home free, but Maury changes sides and calls his wife to bring his backup files. Mugatu denounces Derek ("Blue Steel, Ferrari, Le Tigre? They're the same face! Doesn't anyone notice this? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!"). Then, determined to complete the mission, Mugatu throws a shuriken (a stylish M-shaped one) at the prime minister. Derek jumps in front of the PM, turns left (for the first time ever) to face the shuriken, and unleashes Magnum. The Magnum look is so powerful that everyone who sees it is amazed and the shuriken stops dead and falls to the floor. Everyone has something to say about Magnum's beauty and general awesomeness. Even Derek's father, watching the show on TV back home in coal country, is finally proud of him: "That's my kid. That's my son!" Magnum looks exactly like Blue Steel, Ferrari, and Le Tigre. Cut to the future: Derek, Maury, and Hansel are at the Derek Zoolander Center for Kids Who Can't Read Good (which, it turns out, is a modeling school and which looks much like the architect's model -- but much more than three times larger). They're making a promotional video. Matilda turns up with baby Derek Jr., who has just started to display his first "look." It's exactly like Blue Steel, Ferrari, Le Tigre, and Magnum. 
 Richie Rich (1994)431) A rich young boy finds his family targeted in an inside job and must use his cunning to save them. The richest kid in the world, Richie Rich, has everything he wants, except companionship. While representing his father at a factory opening, he sees some kids playing baseball across the street. Richie wants to join in, but they don't want him around. When a plot to kill the Rich family is devised by Rich Industries' top executive, Laurence Van Dough, Richie must take over control of the company while searching for his lost parents with the help of some new friends. Mark J. Popp <poppmj@cadvision.com> Born into inexhaustible wealth, the heir to billions, Richard "Richie" Rich Jr., can only dream of having a normal life with real friends his age to play with. However, everything is about to change, when a sinister scheme--devised by someone who yearns to take over the lucrative business empire--maroons Richie's doting parents in the middle of the ocean, leaving him all alone to save the corporation from the clutches of scheming executives and their dangerous henchmen. Now, Richie--along with his loyal valet, Herbert Cadbury, and a young team of unexpected allies--must find the whereabouts of his lost parents, while, in the meantime, try to run his father's company. Can the world's richest kid save the day? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Richie Rich is the son of Richard and Regina Rich, two of the wealthiest people in the world. Richie lives a life of luxury in the Rich Mansion, of which he is helped and waited upon by a manservant named Cadbury, who acts as Richie's guardian when his parents are unable to. Also in the employ of the family is Professor Keenbeen, a man who comes up with rather amusing gadgets and gizmos for the Rich family. One day, Richie attends the reopening of a factory called United Tool, which is father has saved from bankruptcy. While acting in his father's place, Richie soon becomes more interested in some kids playing a game of baseball nearby than the event. However, when he tries to join in the game, he is ushered away by Cadbury. On the trip back to the Rich Mansion, Cadbury notices a strange look of melancholy on Richie's face. When Richie attends school the next day, he tries to get some of the other wealthy classmates to 'hang out' with him, but none of them are willing to or know what this meaning is. On the way home, Richie has Cadbury take him back to the neighborhood where United Tool is. Finding the kids playing baseball again, Richie tries to join their game, only to have the kids feel that Richie is too rich to know how to play sports. He proves them wrong by hitting a homerun. Richie's thoughts that this will impress them, only seems to repulse them. Richie is then scheduled to accompany his parents on a visit to see the Queen of England. However, Cadbury insists that Richie stay home, and Regina and Richard give in to his request. Later on in the day, Cadbury surprises Richie by showing that he has invited the kids from the baseball game to stop by. They are soon enormously impressed by the Rich Mansion, and soon end up playing all sorts of games with Richie. Richie eagerly invites them back for another time to play, but this is soon tempered when a report comes that his parent's airplane has gone down in the Atlantic Ocean. Even though it seems hopeless, Richie and Cadbury believe that Richie's parents are still alive. Unknown to them, the plane crash was orchestrated by Lawrence Van Dough, a ruthless member of the Rich Industries Board who intends to take over the company. As the second-in-command behind Richard, Lawrence begins to make changes in the company's policies, starting with the closing of United Tool. When Richie is informed of this by Gloria, he decides to take action. As heir to the Rich Family Fortune, Richie owns a large portion of company stock, but is unable to take control of the company. However, since Cadbury was placed as Richie's guardian in the case of anything happening to his parents, Richie can operate through Cadbury. This move irritates Van Dough, who soon finds himself in a tug-of-war with the Rich Empire's board of directors. 
 Love Actually (2003)761) Follows the lives of eight very different couples in dealing with their love lives in various loosely interrelated tales all set during a frantic month before Christmas in London, England. Against the backdrop of aged has-been rock star Billy Mack's (Bill Nighy's) Christmas themed comeback cover of "Love Is All Around", which he knows is crap and makes no bones about it, much to his manager Joe's (Gregor Fisher's) chagrin as he promotes the record, several interrelated stories about romantic love and the obstacles to happiness through love for Londoners are presented in the five weeks preceding Christmas. Daniel's (Liam Neeson's) wife has just died, leaving him to take care of his adolescent stepson Sam (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) by himself. Daniel is uncertain how to deal with Sam and his problems without his wife present, especially in light of a potential budding romance within their household. Juliet (Keira Knightley) and Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor) have just gotten married. They believe that Peter's best friend and best man Mark (Andrew Lincoln) hates Juliet, but won't say so to his or her face. Others looking at the situation from the outside believe Mark is jealous of Juliet, as he is in love with Peter. Jamie (Colin Firth), a writer, is taking a writing retreat by himself in rural France following catching his latest girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) in an indiscretion. Jamie ends up spending much time in France with Aurelia (Lcia Moniz), the Portuguese woman hired as the housekeeper. The question becomes not only if they can communicate their day-to-day needs with each other as she speaks no English, he speaks no Portuguese, and neither speaks French very well, but communicate what seems to be their increasing mutual attraction to each other. Sarah (Laura Linney) has been in love with her co-worker Karl (Rodrigo Santoro) for the two years they have worked together, this attraction about which everyone in their workplace knows. Sarah has to decide if she can be forward enough to express this love directly to Karl, especially in light of what has been her personal priority of dealing with a family issue. Harry (Alan Rickman) and Karen (Dame Emma Thompson) have been in a stable long term marriage. His new assistant Mia (Heike Makatsch) drops hints to him that she would like them to be romantically involved. Harry has to decide whether to fall to the temptation, especially considering being married to a perceptive wife. Single and relatively young David (Hugh Grant) is the newly elected Prime Minister. At 10 Downing Street, he is attracted to one of the new household servants, Natalie (Martine McCutcheon), but isn't sure what to do about it seeing as to their respective positions, the probable public scrutiny, and an incident involving the visiting U.S. President (Billy Bob Thornton). Socially unaware Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) believes that the lack of romantic love in his life is all the fault of standoffish British women. As such, he decides to take decisive albeit somewhat unusual geographic action. And John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page) are movie body doubles. They can communicate with each other straightforwardly while they are simulating sex filming a movie, but they may not be able to translate the feelings behind that simulation in real-life to each other. Huggo As the throaty, erotic voice of the season's ultimate star and legendary rocker, Billy Mack, and his luscious Christmas take on the The Troggs ' hit song, "Love Is All Around", peppers the already festive and romantic London, diverse facets of the all-powerful Eros intertwine. With only five full weeks until Christmas Eve, vibrant vignettes of Cupid's shenanigans unfold, as the stories of love-smitten boys; secret admirers; philandering husbands; heartbroken authors; widowed fathers, and the Yuletide plight of a desperate, lovesick British Prime Minister interweave, forming a magnificent panorama of love, and its many guises. But, love is omnipotent, love is forever, and love is above all. Why squander your dreams, afraid to move on, when, actually, all you need is Love? Nick Riganas The characters are falling in love, falling out of love, some are with right people, some are with the wrong people, some are looking to have an affair, some are in the period of mourning; a capsule summary of reality. Love begins and love ends. They flirt a lot. They are all flirting with love. At all ages and social levels, love is the theme. Romantic love and brotherly love is the hotchpotch through out the movie. Most of this movie was filmed in London during Christmas, and the characters all ended up at Heathrow airport on an uplifting note. Rosemea D.S. MacPherson Love is all around us, which that's certainly true for all of these people. John (Martin Freeman) and "Just Judy" (Joanna Page) have fallen in love with each other while on the set of an erotically charged film. David (Hugh Grant) has just become the new Prime Minister. The second he steps into his office/home, he is smitten with Natalie (Martine McCutcheon), his catering manager who had already screwed up at the first minute. David's sister is Karen (Dame Emma Thompson), married to Harry (Alan Rickman), who runs a local magazine. Harry is somewhat smitten by his secretary, Mia (Heike Makatsch), who is constantly hitting on him. Harry's best editor is Sarah (Laura Linney), having a mentally-ill brother and a not-so-hidden crush on Karl (Rodrigo Santoro), who has a thing for her as well. Karen is friends with both Daniel, who had just lost his wife and has discovered that his stepson is in love with a young American girl, and Jamie (Colin Firth), whose girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) has just left him for his younger and more attractive brother, forcing him to move to France to continue writing his novel while falling for Aurelia (Lcia Moniz), a young Portuguese woman who can't speak a lick of English. Juliet (Keira Knightley) has just married Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor), not realizing that his best friend Mark (Andrew Lincoln) has loved her since they first met. Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) is desperate to have sex and believes that in order to do that, he should travel to Wisconsin because he thinks that American women will dig him for being British. And Billy Mack (Bill Nighy), an old rocker who is climbing back up the charts after battling his old heroin addiction, is on the radio and television shows either bad-mouthing his new CD, insulting his manager, Joe (Gregor Fisher), or a hot new boy band, or calling Britney Spears a "bad shag". Are you still following along? Will Set almost entirely in London, England during five frantic weeks before Christmas, follows a web-like pattern of inter-related, loosely related and unrelated stories of a dozen or more various individuals with their love lives, or lack of them. The central character is the new bachelor Prime Minister David (Hugh Grant), who cannot express his growing feelings for his new personal assistant Natalie (Martine McCutcheon). The prime minister's older sister Karen (Dame Emma Thompson) slowly grows aware of her husband Harry's (Alan Rickman's) flirtation with an office worker named Mia (Heike Makatsch). Karen's friend Daniel (Liam Neeson) is a recently widowed writer whose eleven-year-old son Sam (Thomas Brodie-Sangster) asks for love advice about a girl on whom he has a crush. Meanwhile, Jamie (Colin Firth) is another writer who leaves his girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) after catching her cheating on him and travels to France to write a novel where he pursues a possible romance with his non-English speaking Portuguese maid Aurelia (Lcia Moniz). Also, Harry's American secretary Sarah (Laura Linney) questions a romance she pursues with the office hunk Karl (Rodrigo Santoro), but her personal family problems get in the way. Other secondary characters involve a photographer who pursues his best friend's new wife Juliet (Keira Knightley); a pair of movie stand-ins, named John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page), who grow closer after their simulated love scenes; a libidinous chum who wants to travel to Wisconsin to score with women; and a burned-out former rock star named Billy Mack (Bill Nighy), who is the main connection between all of the stories involved. Matt Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with a voiceover from David (Hugh Grant) commenting that whenever he gets gloomy about the state of the world he thinks of the arrivals terminal at Heathrow Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and families welcome their arriving loved ones. David's voiceover also relates that all the messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were messages of love and not hate. The film then tells the 'love stories' of many people: Billy Mack and Joe With the help of his longtime manager Joe (Gregor Fisher), aging rock and roll legend Billy Mack (Bill Nighy) records a Christmas variation of The Troggs' classic hit "Love Is All Around". Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas number one single. The song does go to number one; after briefly celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John, Billy recognizes that Joe is the love of his life and suggests that he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching porn. Juliet, Peter and Mark Juliet (Keira Knightley) and Peter (Chiwetel Ejiofor) are wed in a lovely ceremony orchestrated and videotaped by Mark (Andrew Lincoln), Peter's best friend and best man. The video Mark recorded reveals that he is secretly in love with Juliet, which she realizes when she barges into his studio and watches it. Juliet thought he didn't like her because he never talked to her, avoided her, and generally behaved distant and uncomfortable towards her. He blurts out that he acts that way because of 'self-preservation', and she finally realizes that he's always been head over heels for her, but has kept it to himself out of respect for her and Peter's relationship. Mark takes a moment to truly confess his love for Juliet, and Juliet acknowledges him by giving him a kiss. Jamie and Aurlia Writer Jamie (Colin Firth) first appears preparing to attend Juliet and Peter's wedding. His girlfriend (Sienna Guillory) misses the ceremony to sleep with his brother. Crushed by this, Jamie retires to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese housekeeper Aurlia (Lcia Moniz), who speaks only her native tongue. There is an instant attraction between the two. When Jamie returns to England he realises he is in love with Aurlia. Jamie spends time learning Portuguese and goes back to propose to her. She says yes, and it is revealed that she has been learning English to communicate with Jamie. Harry, Karen and Mia Harry (Alan Rickman) is the managing director of a design agency; Mia (Heike Makatsch) is his new secretary. For Christmas he buys her an expensive necklace from jewellery salesman Rufus (Rowan Atkinson), who elaborately wraps it while Harry becomes increasingly nervous in fear of detection. Meanwhile, Harry's wife Karen (Emma Thompson) is busy dealing with their children, Daisy (Lulu Popplewell) and Bernard (William Wadham), who are appearing in the school Nativity play. She voices her fears about Harry to her brother David (Hugh Grant), who just became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and her friend Daniel (Liam Neeson), who has just lost his wife. Karen discovers the necklace in Harry's coat pocket and initially assumes it is a gift for her; she later confronts Harry over the necklace and he admits his foolishness. David and Natalie Karen's brother is the recently elected British Prime Minister David (Hugh Grant). Natalie (Martine McCutcheon) is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing Street and regularly serves his tea and biscuits. Something seems to click between them. David walks in to find the U.S. President (Billy Bob Thornton) attempting to seduce Natalie, which inspires him to take a stand against the bullying President's policies. Finding that his relationship with Natalie has become strained, David has her moved to another job, but later comes across a Christmas card from Natalie ending with a declaration of her love for him. He eventually finds Natalie at her family's home (next door to Mia), seeing that they are on the way to the local school for the nativity play (the same one in which his niece and nephew are appearing). He drives her family to the play, and the two watch the show from backstage, their budding relationship exposed when a curtain is raised on them kissing at the end of the pageant's big finale. Daniel, Sam, Joanna and Carol Daniel (Liam Neeson), Karen's friend, and his stepson Sam (Thomas Sangster) fend for themselves as they mourn the loss of their wife and mother. Sam has fallen for American classmate Joanna (Olivia Olson), and, after discussion with his stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany her in the big finale for their school's Christmas pageant (the same one that Natalie's nephew and Karen and Harry's children are in). After Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her, Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how he feels, lest he regret it for his whole life. Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna, who then kisses him on the cheek. Meanwhile, Daniel, who famously lusts after supermodel Claudia Schiffer, meets the parent of another of Sam's school mates, Carol (Claudia Schiffer), who is a dead-ringer of Ms. Schiffer. Sarah, Karl and Michael Sarah (Laura Linney) first appears at Juliet and Peter's wedding, sitting next to her friend Jamie. We learn she works at Harry's graphic design company, where she has been in love for years with the company's creative director, Karl (Rodrigo Santoro). A tryst between Karl and herself is interrupted by Sarah's mentally ill brother, Michael (Michael Fitzgerald), and this effectively ends their relationship. On Christmas Eve, she visits her brother at the institution where he lives, wrapping a scarf around him as he hugs her. Colin, Tony, Stacey, Jeannie, Carol-Anne, Harriet and Carla After several blunders attempting to woo various English women, including Nancy (Julia Davis), the caterer at Juliet and Peter's wedding, as well as Mia, Colin Frissell (Kris Marshall) informs his friend Tony (Abdul Salis) he plans to go to the US and find love there, convinced that his Britishness will be an asset to him in a foreign country. Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin immediately meets Stacey (Ivana Milievi), Jeannie (January Jones), and Carol-Anne (Elisha Cuthbert), three stunningly attractive women who fall for his Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they are joined by roommate Harriet (Shannon Elizabeth). John and Judy John (Martin Freeman) and Judy (Joanna Page) meet as body doubles for the sex scenes in a film where Tony is a production assistant. John tells Judy that "it is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to." While the two are perfectly comfortable being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative off-set; they carefully pursue a relationship, and see the play (same one as David & Natalie, Harry & Karen, Daniel & Sam, et. al.) at the local school together with John's brother. Rufus Rufus is a minor, but significant, character played by Rowan Atkinson, the jewellery salesman whose obsessive attention to gift-wrapping nearly gets Harry caught by Karen buying Mia's necklace. Also, it is his distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak through to see Joanna. In the director and cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally supposed to be a Christmas Angel, however it was dropped from the final script. Epilogue One month later, progress is shown in each relationship: love, actually. However, two of the relationships are not romantic - those of rock star Billy Mack and his manager Joe and of long-suffering Sarah and her institutionalized brother Michael. Billy arrives with a gorgeous groupie in tow to be greeted by Joe and indicating that his comeback has remained successful. Juliet, Peter, and Mark come to meet Jamie and his new bride Aurelia, showing both that they have married and that Mark is learning to cope better with the romantic triangle. Karen and the kids greet a returning Harry confirming that they have survived their relationship crisis and reconciled. Sam greets Joanna who has returned with her mother from the US as Daniel looks on, joined by his new girlfriend Carol and her son. John and Judy run into Tony, who is there to meet Colin on his return from the US; they are shown to be just married and off to their honeymoon. Colin returns with the gorgeous Harriet in tow, and Harriet's younger sister Carla (Denise Richards) and Tony are immediately struck by each other. Natalie is seen welcoming David back in front of press cameras, indicating that their relationship is now public. These scenes dissolve into live-footage of actual arrivals at Heathrow Airport, which divide the screen and eventually form a heart as The Beach Boys' "God Only Knows" plays on. 
 Kingsman: The Secret Service (2014)541) A spy organisation recruits a promising street kid into the agency's training program, while a global threat emerges from a twisted tech genius. A young man named Gary "Eggsy" Unwin (Taron Egerton), whose father died when he was a young boy, is dealing with living with the creep his mother is with now, who mistreats her and him. He goes out and does something to one of the creep's friends. He gets arrested and he calls the number a man gave him around the time his father died, to call if he needs help. A man named Harry Hart (Colin Firth) approaches him and tells him he's the one who helped him. He tells him that he knew his father. When the man Eggsy slighted wants some payback, Harry takes care of him and his companions single-handedly. Harry then tells Eggsy that he's part of a secret organization called "The Kingsman", and his father was also part of it. He died trying to make the world safe. Harry offers Eggsy the opportunity to be a Kingsman, and he takes it. He undergoes a gruelling training course. Harry is looking into the demise of another Kingsman, and the trail leads him to tech billionaire Valentine, a.k.a. "V" (Samuel L. Jackson), who is also curious about the group following him, the Kingsman. rcs0411@yahoo.com Agent Harry "Galahad" Hart (Colin Firth) from the Kingsman Secret Service helps troublemaker Gary "Eggsy" Unwin (Taron Egerton), who is the son of an Agent that saved the lives of Harry and his team, sacrificing himself seventeen years ago. Harry invites Eggsy to be a candidate to the vacancy of a new Agent in the agency, and he is trained by Agent Merlin (Mark Strong) and competes with other candidates. Meanwhile, the Kingsmen investigate the industrialist Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson), an insane genius of technology who is plotting a deadly plan with his assistant Gazelle (Sofia Boutella) to save the Earth from global warming, eliminating most of the population with a chip and saving only those that he has chosen. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil During a mission in the Middle East in 1997, probationary Secret Agent Lee Unwin (Jonno Davies) sacrifices himself to protect his superior Harry "Galahad" Hart (Colin Firth). Hart, blaming himself, returns to London to give Lee's widow Michelle (Samantha Womack) and her young son Gary "Eggsy" (Alex Nikolov) a medal engraved with an emergency assistance number. Seventeen years later, Eggsy (Taron Egerton), having dropped out of training for the Royal Marines despite his intelligence and capability, has become a chav. After being arrested for stealing a car, Eggsy calls the number. Hart arranges his release. Hart explains that he is a member of Kingsman, a private intelligence service founded by wealthy British individuals who lost their heirs in World War I. Hart, code-named "Galahad", explains there is a position available, as Agent "Lancelot" was killed by the assassin Gazelle (Sofia Boutella) while trying to rescue Professor James Arnold (Mark Hamill) from kidnappers. Eggsy becomes Hart's candidate. Other candidates are eliminated through dangerous training tests run by operative "Merlin" (Mark Strong), until only Eggsy and Roxy (Sophie Cookson), a candidate he befriended, are left. Eggsy refuses to complete the final test, shooting a Pug puppy he has raised during the training process (unaware that the gun holds blanks), and Roxy is named the new "Lancelot". Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 1997 - A helicopter flies into a compound in the Middle East. Four men apprehend a terrorist leader and tie him to a chair. One of the men, Harry Hart, aka Galahad (Colin Firth) threatens to shoot the terrorist until he gives him answers. The terrorist lifts his head up to reveal a grenade pin in his mouth. Harry's comrade Lee (Jonno Davies) jumps on the terrorist and covers the explosion, sacrificing himself for his partners. Harry's other two partners, Merlin (Mark Strong) and Lancelot (Jack Davenport), remove their masks. After noting Lee's sacrifice, Harry welcomes Lancelot into the Kingsman agency. Harry visits Lee's wife Michelle (Samantha Womack) to inform her of her husband's death. He gives her a medal of valor in Lee's honor, with a number on the back of the medal in case she needs a favor, and to use the phrase "Oxford's not brogues" to let him know it's her. Michelle rejects the medal. Harry then goes over to Lee's young son Gary, aka Eggsy (Alex Nikolov). He hands him the medal. 17 years later in Argentina, Professor James Arnold (Mark Hamill) is being held captive by a group of thugs. There is a knock heard at the door. One thug answers it and finds Lancelot at the front. He shoots the thug and proceeds to fight and kill the rest of the thugs before helping himself to a drink. Another knock is heard at the door. Lancelot goes to answer and is then cut down the middle by a woman with bladed prosthetic legs named Gazelle (Sofia Boutella). She answers the door for her employer, the billionaire Richmond Valentine (Samuel L. Jackson). Valentine and Gazelle free Arnold and take him with them. Back in London, Harry goes to a tailor shop that is a front for the Kingsman headquarters. He meets with Merlin and their superior Arthur (Michael Caine). They mourn Lancelot's death and learn that those involved in his death also had ties to incidents in Uganda and Chechnya. We catch up with Eggsy (now played by Taron Egerton), now in his early 20's, living with his mother and her new husband Dean (Geoff Bell), along with Eggsy's baby sister. They live in a ratty flat and are financially insecure. Eggsy goes to the pub with two friends, where they spot Dean's group of goons nearby. They go over to Eggsy's table and bully them into leaving. Outside, Eggsy reveals to his friends that he stole the goon's car keys. They take his car and do donuts in it and drive off, only to come across the police. Eggsy drives the car backwards down a few blocks until he crashes into another car. He tells his friends to run for it so he can handle it. He proceeds to drive into the police car. Eggsy is detained at the police station. He refuses to give up his friend's names and is facing 18 months in prison. He takes out the medal he wears around his neck and calls the number on the back. Eggsy remembers the phrase "Oxford's not brogues", and moments later, he is bailed out by Harry. The two go to the pub where Dean's goons approach Eggsy for more trouble. Harry calmly tells them to leave, but the main goon is rude to him and tells HIM to leave. Harry walks over to the front door and locks it, stating, "Manners maketh man". With the hook of his umbrella, he grabs a glass and swings it at the main thug, and then proceeds to swiftly beat the rest of the thugs, and even make some of them beat each other, to Eggy's surprise. He pats Eggsy on the shoulder and leaves him after being assured that Eggsy won't tell anyone about Harry or what he's just seen. Eggsy returns home, and Dean violently confronts him over what he did with his mate's car. Michelle tries to intervene, but is shoved aside. Harry overhears the struggle through a mic that he placed on Eggsy's shoulder. Harry speaks into it and tells Dean to let Eggsy go or he will report Dean's various crimes to the authorities. Eggsy runs out of the flat and evades Dean's goons yet again. Eggsy goes to the tailor shop after Harry mentioned it to him. He finds Harry, who proposes the Kingsman candidacy to Eggsy. Eggsy decides he's got nothing to lose and joins Harry as they go underground to a shuttle that takes them to meet with the other recruits. Eggsy is quickly befriended by a girl named Roxy (Sophie Cookson). He gets teased by a boy named Charlie (Edward Holcroft) and his buddies. Harry finds Professor Arnold on his way to his class and confronts him over who held him captive. Arnold starts yelling in pain, and his head explodes. Two goons enter the building, forcing Harry to detonate a hand grenade before jumping out the window. He is slightly caught in the explosion and is left in a coma. Valentine learns of Arnold's death and decides to investigate who is looking into them. As the recruits are sleeping, the room starts to fill with water. Everyone but Eggsy swims to the toilets to get pipes and put them in the toilets to have a source of air. Eggsy tries to pull the door open but he can't. He then swims to the mirror and smashes it, releasing the water into the next room where Merlin was overseeing them. Although he commends Roxy and Charlie for going along with the pipes and Eggsy for the mirror, he says everyone failed because they didn't utilize proper teamwork, resulting in one recruit, Amelia (Fiona Hampton), drowning. Valentine and Gazelle meet with the Scandinavian Princess Tilde (Hanna Alstrom) and the Scandinavian Prime Minister (Bjorn Floberg) for dinner as Valentine proposes his plan for controlling climate change to them. The PM is on board, but Tilde thinks Valentine is crazy. Tilde leaves and calls the guards. Gazelle runs out and kills the guards with her prosthetic legs and keeps Tilde captive. The recruits continue their training by having to personally train a bunch of puppies. Eggsy is stuck with a small pug that doesn't properly listen to him, though he becomes attached to it and he names it JB (after Jack Bauer). After Harry recovers, he, Merlin, and Eggsy learn that Arnold had a chip implanted in his neck that resulted in his head exploding. Similarly, the Scandinavian PM had the same implant with a scar under his ear, like Arnold did. Merlin traces this back to Valentine. Eggsy comments that Valentine is a genius, and he shows Harry and Merlin a video of Valentine's latest announcement. He is set to distribute free SIM cards around the world. Valentine is also suspected in the disappearances of numerous world leaders and some celebrities (including Iggy Azalea). Harry goes undercover to Valentine's estate to investigate further into Valentine's plans. The two eat McDonald's for dinner and discuss their admiration for James Bond movies, but Harry doesn't get much information other than seeing one of Valentine's aides carry a pamphlet for a hate group church in Kentucky. The recruits are left down to Eggsy, Roxy, Charlie, and three of Charlie's friends. Their next assignment involves them jumping out of a plane and onto a target. Merlin tells them they need to figure out what to do when one of their teammates has no parachute. Panicking, one recruit opens his chute too early. Eggsy has everyone join hands before pulling each others' chutes. Only he and Roxy are left, and they pull Roxy's chute at 300 feet. Merlin lets the others (except Charlie) go. Eggsy meets Harry at the tailor shop where he takes Eggsy into a room filled with various weapons, including a hand grenade that looks like a lighter, a pen that triggers a poison, and a pair of shoes with a poison-tipped blade. As they return to the lobby, they find Valentine and Gazelle in their, with Valentine trying on one of the suits in the shop. On their next assignment, Eggsy, Roxy, and Charlie are sent to speak with a young woman at a nightclub. The three of them get drugged by an interrogator. Eggsy wakes up to find himself tied to the train tracks. The interrogator tries to get Eggsy to tell him about the Kingsmen and Harry, but Eggsy refuses to talk. The train runs over him, but Eggsy is dropped into a little hole. Harry emerges and tells him he and Roxy passed this test. They watch Charlie taking his test, but he refuses to die for the Kingsmen and he is sent home. As part of their last test, Arthur and Merlin tells Eggsy and Roxy, respectively, to shoot their dogs. Eggsy fails to do so, but a gunshot can be heard from Roxy. Arthur sends Eggsy home. Eggsy takes Arthur's car and drives back home, disappointed. He hugs his mother but then sees she has a black eye. Furious, he goes by the pub to find Dean. Eggsy is set to fight him until the car drives itself to Harry's place. He is disappointed with Eggsy for failing his test, and reveals that the gun had a blank in it. He also reveals that Amelia never drowned and that she works with the Kingsmen in Berlin. Roxy, meanwhile, is made the new Lancelot. Harry goes to Kentucky to the hate group church. As he sits and overhears the nasty sermon from the bigoted leader, Harry starts to head to the door. From a few thousand feet away, Valentine and Gazelle sit to activate the signal on the phones in the church from the people who have Valentine's SIM cards. The signal goes live and causes everyone, including Harry, to go into a violent rage and start attacking each other. Harry shoots several people in the head, as well as stabbing, bludgeoning, impaling, and blowing up anyone that tries to attack him, until he is the only survivor. Eggsy, Merlin, and Arthur watch from their respective locations. Outside, Harry finds Valentine and Gazelle waiting for him. Valentine explains that the signal from the SIM cards trigger aggression and repress inhibitors. He then takes out a gun and shoots Harry in the head, killing him. Eggsy screams in horror, while Valentine is appalled at having killed someone. Eggsy goes back to the tailor shop to meet with Arthur. He mentions that Harry had recorded Valentine's confession and pours a drink in Harry's honor, when Eggsy notices that Arthur has an implant scar under his ear. Arthur was swayed by Valentine when he proposed his plan of mass genocide because he thinks that mankind is a virus to the planet, and wiping them out would be beneficial, so he has tried to convince all world leaders to join him in his plan. Arthur toasts to Harry, and he and Eggsy drink. Arthur then takes out his pen to activate the poison that he put in Eggsy's drink, only to find himself dying. Eggsy switched the drinks by distracting Arthur moments earlier by asking him if the paintings on the wall were of former Kingsmen. Arthur dies on the table. Eggsy goes to Merlin and Roxy with the information he's just received, and they head off to stop Valentine's plan from happening. Roxy is sent into the atmosphere with two giant balloons to launch a missile at one of Valentine's satellites, while Merlin and Eggsy infiltrate his base as he hosts a party for everyone involved in his plan. Eggsy uses Arthur's invitation and poses as him to get inside. Eggsy passes a cell with Tilde inside. He asks if she'll give him a kiss if he saves the world. She says they can have anal sex if he succeeds. Eggsy proceeds to go on and save the world. Roxy gets high enough to the satellite, but one balloon already bursts as she is at a very high altitude. She manages to launch the missile before the other balloon bursts, sending her plummeting back to the ground, though she gets her chute out and lands safely. Eggsy finds the Scandinavian PM and tranquilizes him before hacking into his laptop. Charlie then shows up and holds Eggsy with a knife to his throat. Eggsy electrocutes Charlie with the ring on his finger. Eggsy runs back to the plane while evading and shooting through Valentine's gunmen. Meanwhile, the missile hits Valentine's satellite and delays the signal from going live. However, Valentine gets control of another closer satellite and activates the signal with a bio metric scanner, which Merlin is unable to get past. The signal goes live all around the world. People beat each other up in London, Rio de Janeiro, and New York. Michelle is seen trying to break into the bathroom trying to kill her daughter (after Roxy called her and told her to lock her in there following a request from Eggsy). Eggsy is cornered by the gunmen after trying to run back and stop Valentine. Merlin triggers the implants and causes everyone (the gunmen and world leaders) to have their heads explode like fireworks. Eggsy manages to get back to where Valentine and Gazelle are. He shoots at them, momentarily taking Valentine's hand off the scanner and stopping the signal. Gazelle bursts through the glass and tries to kill Eggsy. The two fight until they jump at each other. Gazelle attempts to cut Eggsy with her legs, but Eggsy poisons Gazelle after cutting her with the blade in his shoe. He then pulls off one of her legs and hurls it at Valentine's back, impaling him. Thus, every signal is deactivated for good. Merlin and Roxy congratulate Eggsy for saving the world. He proceeds to grab a bottle of champagne with two glasses, and goes to Tilde's cell to have anal sex with her. As the camera slowly pans down and Eggsy starts to lick Tilde's butt, which prompts Merlin to turn off his video monitor. The initial credits begin, until it cuts to Michelle and Dean in the pub. Eggsy enters, dressed in a fine suit. He tells Michelle that his new job has given him benefits, including a new home for him, Michelle, and his sister to live in, away from Dean. Dean goes to bully Eggsy again with his goons. Eggsy goes to lock the front door and say what Harry once said - "Manners maketh man." He grabs a glass with the umbrella hook and throws it at Dean's face. He then faces the other goons and, with a grin, repeats another statement from Harry - "Are we going to stand around, or are we going to fight?" 