nm0005454:

 Underworld (2003)651) Selene, a vampire warrior, is entrenched in a conflict between vampires and werewolves, while falling in love with Michael, a human who is sought by werewolves for unknown reasons. Against the backdrop of an unseen centuries-old war between the sophisticated Vampire clan and the brutish clan of lycanthropes, the Lycans, the lethally alluring vampire assassin and member of the elite "Death Dealers" squad, Selene, has devoted her existence to eradicating the earth's scattered pockets of remaining werewolves. With the death of the Lycans' supreme overlord, Lucian, the vampires' victory seems near; however, when their arch-enemy takes a special interest in the seemingly harmless human doctor, Michael Corvin, Selene will unearth a long-standing conspiracy. Now, treason, deceit, and conflicting feelings stand in the way of truth, forcing Selene to break protocol for the sake of the vampire race. Can a forbidden relationship put in jeopardy her noble quest? Is this the beginning of a new era, and an entirely different war? Nick Riganas A war has been raging for centuries between the Vampires, a secretive clan of modern, aristocratic sophisticates, and their mortal enemies, the Lycans, a shrewd gang of street thugs who prowl the city's underbelly. When the beautiful young Vampire death dealer, Selene, who is assigned to hunt down and eradicate the last of the Lycans, uncovers a plot by the Lycans to capture Michael Corvin, a human who holds the key to end the war, no one will believe her. The balance of power is upset and Selene must decide where her allegiances will lie. Who started the war? A war going on for centuries between vampires and Lycans/werewolves, never seen by humans eyes, until one of the werewolves by the name of Lucian finds out about one human that can bond with vampire blood and Lycans blood, Michael. Selene is the vampire Death dealer that finds out why the Lycans are following Micheal and falls in love with him. Kraven is the leader of the vampire house after Viktor dies and wants Selene by his side, but she is a wild cat to break. Lexxchick Vampires and Werewolves have been sworn enemies for hundreds of years. Now fought in a Gothic-like setting, the conflict takes an unexpected and deadly new turn. Selene, a beautiful vampire warrior, uncovers a Lycan plot that could prove fatal for her entire race. She shadows a human, Michael, the Lycan's supposed target. Although she finds herself becoming attracted to him, he becomes infected with the lupine disease during a violent struggle with the Lycan overlord, Lucian, long thought to be dead. Now both sides must decide how to end the conflict and save their species as new and terrifying secrets unearth themselves and threaten their entire existance. Sundancersfire Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Background: 1,400 years ago, Vampires had decided that the best way to ensure the survival of their species was for three Elders--Viktor, Marcus, and Amelia--to 'leap frog' through time, one ruling while the other two slept, each being awakened at their appointed time according to a never-to-be-broken covenant. 1,000 years ago, during the reign of Viktor, the oldest and strongest of the Elders, the Vampire-Lycan War began. 600 years ago, Kraven set the 'great blaze' which killed Lucian, the leader of the Lycans. Kraven brought back a brand cut from Lucian's arm as proof of his death, a deed which earned Kraven high favor with Viktor, who put Kraven in charge of their coven. The great blaze caused the Lycans to scatter. Vampire Death Dealers, armed with silver bullets and shuriken, have been picking Lycans off one by one until very few remain. Present time: Three Death Dealers--Selene, Rigel, and Nathaniel -- follow two Lycans into a subway station in an unnamed European city. A firey gun battle ensues in which Rigel is killed, one of the Lycans gets away, and Nathaniel comes up missing. In the chaos, Selene (Kate Beckinsale) makes two discoveries: 1) the Lycans have devised an ultraviolet bullet that can kill vampires, and 2) there appears to be a large band of Lycans amassing under the subway. Selene hurries back to alert the Vampires at Kraven's luxurious masnion that sits on the outskirts of the city, but they are more interested in the clothes they are going to wear at tonight's formal party with the coven from across the 'great ocean' in celebration of the upcoming awakening of Marcus by Amelia, the current reigning Elder. Not interested in their gaities, Selene views some digital photos Rigel took of the Lycans and notices that they appear to have been following a human. A computer search reveals the human is Michael Corvin (Scott Speedman), an intern at a local hospital. Meanwhile, the wounded Lycan has returned to the Lycan den with the bad news that he lost the candidate he was tailing, as well as to have the silver bullets and stars dug out of his body so that he can regenerate. Selene pays Michael Corvin's apartment a visit. While snooping, she overhears a phone message about his involvement in some "shoot out." Now convinced that she is right about the Lycans stalking Michael, she tries to interrogate him just as his apartment is raided by a pack of Lycans. While Selene holds them off, Michael escapes in the elevator, but the doors open to a face-to-face confrontation with Lucian (Michael Sheen), the current leader of the Lycans. Selene attempts to shoot Lucian, but he is intent on biting Michael and spitting the blood into a vial which he takes to Singe (Erwin Leder), the Lycan doctor who has been researching humans with the last name of Corvin, so far with negative results. He analyzes Michael's blood and pronounces it "positive." Selene and Michael make a getaway together in her car, but Selene has lost a lot of blood in her fight with the Lycans. She passes out, the car leaps into a river. Michael saves her, binds her wound, then passes out himself. When Selene awakens, she takes the unconscious Michael back to the Vampire's mansion, incurring the wrath of Kraven (Shane Brolly), who wants Selene to be his future queen and is jealous that she seems smitten with Michael. When Michael finally comes to, he is face-to-face with fellow vampire Erika (Sophia Myles), who realizes that Michael has been bitten and is becoming Lycan. Erika leaps to the ceiling and starts hissing at him. Terrified, Michael jumps out a window and escapes the Vampire's mansion. Although it is forbidden to delve into the past, Selene decides to do a little reading about the history of the Vampire-Lycan War, particularly the chapter on the Fall of Lucian. She notices that the Lucian in one of the pictures is wearing the same medallion that she noticed the current Lucian wearing during the fight at Michael's apartment. Could he and the Lucian that Kraven supposedly killed 600 years ago be one and the same? Could Kraven and Lucian be conspiring together? Could the fact that the Lycans are amassing near the Vampire coven portend an attack on the Vampires? When Erika informs Selene that Michael has been bitten and is turning Lycan, Selene has heard enough. Against the covenant rules, Selene decides to awaken Viktor and ask for his guidance. Michael has begun having hallucinations and wants to know what is happening to him. Selene takes him to their Lycan interrogation room in the city so that he can hide for the night. She also gives him the good news --he has been bitten by a Lycan, and during the next full moon (tomorrow night), he will turn into one. The hallucinations, she tells him, are memories passed to him from Lucian. When Michael asks Selene why she cares about what's happening to him ("Do you intend to bite me, too?"), Selene explains that the lycan virus and the vampire virus are incompatible and no one has ever survived a bite by both species. When Michael asks her why she hates Lycans so much, she tells him how Lycans slaughtered her entire family and how Viktor arrived just in time to save her from the same fate. Viktor made her vampire and then raised her like his own daughter. Selene then handcuffs Michael to a chair, gives him a gun with silver bullets, and advises him to use it on himself if she isn't back by tomorrow night. After Selene arrives back at the mansion, Viktor (Bill Nighy) has fully awakened and is being briefed by Kraven. When Viktor learns that he's been awakened full century ahead of schedule, he is livid. Not even Selene's attempts to explain her findings appease him. In fact, Viktor basically tells Selene to let Kraven handle this and that she will be judged by the council for breaking the covenant. Kraven locks Selene in her room. The next night, it is the night of the full moon. It is time for Amelia's train to arrive, and Kraven has ordered Soren (Scott McElry) and his team to fetch her and the council members. Erika, who has wanted to be Kraven's mate for a long time, cuts the power to the main gate, allowing Selene to run to Michael. Selene releases Michael, but they are attacked by Lycans. Selene stays to fight while Michael jumps out a window. When Michael lands on his feet some five or six stories below, he is immediately captured by Lycans posing as cops. On the way to the Lycan den, Michael begins the change. The Lycans pull over, and they dose Michael with an enzyme to stop the change. Selene has captured Singe and brings him to Viktor where Singe is forced to explain how, for years, the Lycans have been trying to combine the blood lines. They've been testing descendents of Alexander Corvinus, a 5th century Hungarian warlord who was the sole survivor of a plague that ravaged his village and turned him into the first immortal. From Corvinus's offspring, one became the Vampire line, one became the Lycan line, and one remained human but carried the imprint of the original immortality virus hidden in its genetic code in dormant form and passed down through the ages to Michael Corvin. Lucian plans to inject himself with blood taken from Michael and from a powerful Vampire elder, creating a hybrid--both Lycan and Vampire--but stronger than both. Concerned that Amelia has not yet arrived, a group of Vampires are sent to find out what's taking so long. They find that Amelia and the council members have all been assassinated, having been bitten by Lycans. In addition, Amelia's blood has been totally drained. When Viktor finds out, he orders Selene to kill Michael. Meanwhile, Michael is being held at the Lycan den, where his visions have suddenly become clear and he now knows what started the Vampire-Lycan war. Many years ago, Lycans were the Renfields for Vampires, but it was forbidden for Vampires and Lycans to fraternize. Lucian and Viktor's daughter Sonja fell in love and mated, creating a hybrid child that Viktor would not allow, so he (Viktor) placed Sonja, his own daughter in the sun where she burnt to a crisp while Lucian was made to watch--'His own daughter burnt alive just for loving me,' says Lucian poignantly--and Viktor has spent the last 600 years exterminating the Lycan species so the bloodlines will never blend. Kraven knows he's been found out. He was indeed in league with Lucian. Together, they planned Lucian's 'death' 600 years ago so that Lucian could lay low. Now the agreement is for Kraven to gain control of both covens by obtaining an ironclad peace treaty with the Lycans, while Lucian gets revenge on Viktor. Time to knock off a few main characters. The Vampires, along with Selene, Kahn, and Viktor storm the Lycan den in a climatic battle. Kraven shoots Lucian with a silver nitrate bullet (The silver is in liquid form so that it will go directly into the Lycans' bloodstreams and cannot be dug out). When Michael tries to escape, he is also shot by Kraven. As Michael lays oozing silver nitrate from his wounds, Kraven tells Selene the true story about her 'dark father,' Viktor. Her family wasn't killed by Lycans but by Viktor himself. Seems he didn't like the taste of livestock very much, so once in a while he would engorge himself on human blood. Since Selene reminded him of Sonja, he spared her and raised her as his own. Selene is stunned. When Kraven demands that Selene go with him, she refuses. As he's about to shoot Michael again, the dying Lucian runs a sword through Kraven's leg and tells Selene to bite Michael. "Half vampire, half lycan -- they're stronger than both." Selene does it. Kraven finishes off Lucian. Michael turns into a hybrid (Lycampire or Vampthrope?) and, after Michael and Viktor tussle a bit, Selene cuts off Viktor's head. Selene flees the scene of the battle, and is now to become the hunted by both her people and the Lycans. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl] [Edited by azooty] 
 The Strangers (2008)541) A young couple staying in an isolated vacation home are terrorized by three unknown assailants. After returning from a wedding reception, a couple staying in an isolated vacation house receive a knock on the door in the mid-hours of the night. What ensues is a violent invasion by three strangers, their faces hidden behind masks. The couple find themselves in a violent struggle, in which they go beyond what either of them thought capable in order to survive. Anonymous Based on a true story, a couple on the rocks stay in a residential house in the woods. Knocks on the door in the night are the start of what proceeds to be a fear inditing ploy by 3 unknown masked individuals. With the masked frighteners getting more violent and no means to contact help, the couple must hold out as long as possible. knail17 In the dead of night, the troubled young couple of James Hoyt and Kristen McKay arrive at the Hoyts' secluded summer home, after attending a friend's wedding reception. Suddenly, a loud and menacing knock at the front door breaks the silence, abruptly disrupting the already tense ambience in the house, as an ominous female figure standing on the ill-lit doorstep is persistently asking for someone they don't know. Before long, the isolated vacation house is under siege, and a pitiless trio of masked assailants invade the seemingly safe home. Are the Strangers intent on murder? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kristen McKay ( Liv Tyler ) and James Hoyt ( Scott Speedman ) return to the remote summer vacation home owned by James's parents in the mid-hours of the night following a friend's wedding reception. After an episode between the couple when Kristen turns down a marriage proposal from James, they receive a knock at the front door. When they open the door, there is a young blonde woman standing there with her face partly obsured by a burnt out door light. "Is Tamara home?", she asks. "No, I think you have the wrong house", they tell her. The mysterious woman then walks off into the night. James fixes the door light and then leaves the house to go buy cigarettes and get his mind off of things. Meanwhile, Kristen stays at the house alone. The blonde woman returns, asking for Tamara, but this time Kristen does not open the door; "You already came by here", she tells the woman, who responds with "Are you sure?". The smoke alarm goes off soon after, due to the fireplace being blocked, and Kristen pulls the alarm off the ceiling and it clatters to the floor. Someone begins banging at the door. Kristen, a little unnerved at the entire situation, locks the doors in the house, and calls James asking him to hurry back, when the phone line goes dead. Kristen plugs her cell phone in to charge it, changes into jeans and a flannel shirt, and then picks up a half-smoked cigarette. As she stands in the living room of the house, a man wearing a sack mask emerges from the hallway behind her, and watches her silently as she gets a glass of water. He then disappears. Another barrage of knocks come from the front door, and Kristen sees the smoke alarm, which was previously lying on the floor, sitting neatly on the center of a dining room chair. She hurries to grab her cell phone, but it has been taken off the charger and is nowhere in sight. She hears something hitting the windchimes and making a dragging noise on the back patio, and she slowly, armed with a kitchen knife, walks toward the sliding glass door. She pulls the curtain back, and the man in the mask is standing there, and he slams his hand on the window. She screams in terror, and bumps into the phonograph in the living room, knocking the needle off track, which causes it to begin repeating the same phrase from a country song. Suddenly, the front door opens slightly, and Kristen approaches it. In between the crack of the door someone wearing a doll-like mask peeks her head through. Kristen closes the door, locks it, and hides in the bedroom, yelling for the strangers to go away. Suddenly, the vinyl album stops skipping, and footsteps come down the hallfortunately, it is only James, who is entirely unaware of what is going on. The couple search the house, but find nobody, and James initially believes Kristen to be letting her imagination get to her. The couple see the blonde woman, now wearing a Dollface mask ( Gemma Ward ), standing in the back yard, staring at the house. James then goes outside to the car to retrieve his cell phone, only to find the car entirely vandalized, and his cell phone stolen. Dollface touches the back of his neck as he is crouched down in the car, and runs off, only to reappear a few feet from the car. He tells her to leave, and Kristen pokes her head outside in concern. James turns to Kristen, and when he turns back around, Dollface has vanished. James returns to the house, and he and Kristen find his cell phone sitting on the piano with its battery removed. James decides it's time to leave. They go outside and attempt to drive away in the car, even with its tires slashed, but a truck pulls up behind them, driven by a different unidentified woman, wearing a mask that resembles a pin up. The Man in the Mask ( Kip Weeks ) appears in front of the car, and a dark-haired woman wearing a the Pin Up Girl mask ( Laura Margolis ) rear-ends the car, as James and Kristen scramble back into the house. They find a shotgun and gun shells in the bedroom, along with the word "hello" written all over the bedroom window in red paint by the villains. They approach the front door with the gun, and the Man in the Mask begins to break through the door with an axe. They block the door with the piano, and James attempts to shoot him, but misses. They then hide in a room down the hallway, armed with the gun toward the open doorway. James' friend, Mike ( Glenn Howerton ), whom he called earlier, arrives at the house, and has a rock thrown through his windshield. He approaches the house, and hears country music playing loudly on the record player. He enters through the back glass door, just as Dollface emerges from the shadows behind him. He sees the house is a complete disaster, and he walks down the hallway as the music continues playing. The Man in the Mask appears behind him, holding up his axe preparing to strike. Just as the music stops, Mike steps in the doorway, and James fires the gun, striking Mike right in the head. He dies instantly, and after a few seconds James and Kristen realize they shot the wrong person. The villains paint "KILLER" on the back door to taunt James, and he heads to the barn outside to use a ham radio for help. He spots Pin Up Girl emerging from the barn, and attempts to shoot at her from down on the ground, but the Man in the Mask runs up behind him at full speed. Kristen soon follows, after she senses the presence of the Man in the Mask in the house. She falls, twists her ankle, and is unknowingly stalked through the front lawn by Pin Up Girl. Once she gets to the barn, she fiddles with the radio, but it is then destroyed by Pin Up Girl. Kristen crawls back to the house, as Dollface sits on the swing set in the backyard and Pin Up Girl stands in front of the barn. Once inside, Kristen cannot find James, and the power goes out. The Man in the Mask then enters the front door, and Kristen hides in a pantry as he lurks around the living room. He leaves, and just as Kristen is about to slip out of the pantry, Dollface appears in the door's slit shutters, and smashes it through. She then pauses, and notices the engagement ring, and Kristen emerges from the pantry, while Dollface taunts her by spinning a butcher knife around on the counter. The Man in the Mask then enters the house, holding a defeated James by his shirt collar. Kristen runs to the bedroom, but the window does not open. The lights come back on, and she creeps back toward the hallway. Upon reaching the doorway, The Man in the Mask rushes toward her, slamming her head into the back wall of the hallway. She falls to the floor and he drags her down the hall. She is initially unconscious but soon begins to claw at the floor and the screen fades to black as she screams. It is then daylight, and each of the strangers loom over Kristen and James, who are now tied to chairs in the living room; Kristen has been dressed back into her white gown. Kristen cries, and asks "Why are you doing this to us?", to which Dollface emotionlessly replies, "Because you were home". Each villain removes their mask, but the camera does not show their faces. The three strangers then take turns stabbing both James and Kristen, and then leave in their pickup truck. As they drive down the road, they stop to talk to two boys delivering religious pamphlets. Dollface gets out of the truck and asks for one, to which one of the boys asks, "Are you a sinner?". "Sometimes", she says, and when the children are out of ear shot, Pin Up Girl says quietly, "It'll be easier next time." The three strangers then drive off. The two boys approach the house, and enter to find a bloody and disastrous scene. James lies on the floor, dead, and Kristen in the hallway having dragged herself a short distance away from the living room, her white gown saturated in blood. One of the boys approaches Kristen's body, and just as he is about to reach toward her, she grabs his arm and screams in terror. 
 Underworld: Evolution (2006)651) Picking up directly from the previous movie, vampire warrior Selene and the half werewolf Michael hunt for clues to reveal the history of their races and the war between them. As the war between the vampires and the Lycans rages on, the beautiful vampire, Selene, a former member of the Death Dealers, and Michael, the werewolf hybrid, work together in an effort to unlock the secrets of their respective bloodlines. In this ancient feud between the two tribes, they try to unlock the secrets, in a modern tale of action, intrigue, and forbidden love, which takes them into the battle to end all wars, as the immortals must finally face their doom. Shewolfinlondon Hunted down like prey by both the Lycans and the Vampire race after the death of the ruthless vampire Elder, Viktor, in Underworld (2003) , the cold-blooded assassin, Selene, and the powerful Lycan/Vampire hybrid, Michael Corvin, flee the Lycans' lair. As the persecuted lovers embark on a dangerous mission to unearth the past of the antagonistic clans' progenitors, the all-powerful original vampire, Marcus Corvinus, awakes from his eternal sleep, intent on retrieving a pendant of utter importance and finding his twin brother, William Corvinus: the first lycanthrope. However, blood has a memory, and no one can stand in the way of Marcus' ambitious plans of world domination. Can Selene and Michael avert the undead megalomaniac's scheme, and put an end to the evolution of a new race? Nick Riganas Beginning where Underworld (2003) finished, Selene and Michael are on the run from the vampires. Being the cause of Viktor's death, Selene can only hope to plea to the last remaining elder, Marcus. However, Marcus has already awakened and has become a more powerful creature than before. Now his only remaining goal is to awaken his Lycan brother, William from his eternal imprisonment. With time running out, Selene and Michael must piece together the final clues to unlock the secrets of their bloodlines and stop Marcus before it's too late. harpster_2004 Selene wishes to expose the truth about the death of Viktor to the first true vampire Marcus that is hibernating. However, Marcus has already awakened and wants to release his savage Lycan brother William, who has been imprisoned for centuries. When Marcus tries to get the medal possessed by Lucian from Michael, Selene decides to visit Andreas Tanis, the exiled official historian of the covens, to understand his interest. When Selene and Michael meet Tanis, they disclose the truth about their bloodlines, and later with the support of Alexander Corvinus, Selene faces the powerful Marcus as the last hope left for mankind. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. NOTE: Sequel to Underworld (2003). Underworld: Evolution opens with Vampire Selene (Kate Beckinsale) recapping the events in Underworld. Selene is a Hungarian Vampire who had been a Death Dealer for the Vampire clan throughout Europe for 600 years when she was betrayed. She explains how Kraven (Shane Brolly), the ruler of the Vampire clan, formed a secret alliance with Lucian (Michael Sheen), ruler of the Lycan clan. When the Lycans found a third bloodline (human) that also descended from ancestor Alexander Corvinus, they tracked down descendant Michael Corvin (Scott Speedman) and turned him into a Lycan. After a big fight between Lycans and Vampires, Lucian was killed by Kraven. Before Michael died, however, Lucian told Selene to bite Michael: "Half Vampire, half Lycan -- they're stronger than both." Thus, Selene turned Michael into the first Hybrid. Selene then beheaded Elder Viktor, and she and Michael went into hiding. With two of the three vampire Elders destroyed (see Underworld), Selene's only hope is to awaken the last remaining Elder, Marcus (Tony Curran), who is still in hibernation, and expose the truth before Kraven can kill Marcus. Selene hides Michael in a safe house and heads over to the Vampire mansion to plead her case. Unfortunately, Kraven has already attempted to awaken Marcus, who has morphed into some sort of bat-like creature, and Marcus has killed Kraven as well as all of the other Vampires in the mansion. By drinking Kraven's blood, Marcus learned everything that has transpired while he was in hibernation, including the making of Michael into a Hybrid. Marcus locates the safe house in which Michael is hiding, but Michael has gone out for a bite to eat. After downing half a plate of potatoes and cabbage, he begins to retch (being half Vampire, he needs to feed on blood). Suddenly a newsflash is shown of him on the television. Several of the restaurant patrons try to hold him with their guns, but Michael escapes. Selene realizes that Michael is gone and goes after him. Michael has been shot several times and is in need of blood, so Selene makes him drink some of hers. Just then, Marcus flies in. He attempts to drink from Selene (to gain her memories and knowledge), but Michael pumps a few bullets into him. Selene and Michael steal a truck and outrun Marcus, who flies behind them. Suddenly, Selene notices the sun is about to rise. Michael helps her drive the truck into a warehouse and darkens the windows with paint. The two of them hole up there for the day. Big love scene follows as both of them give into their passion and have sex for the first time. After sunset, Selene and Michael go looking for Andreas Tannis (Steven Mackintosh), Vampire and exiled historian of Vampire history, in order to get him to identify a pendant necklace that has been in Selene's possession since childhood. Selene learns from Tannis that the pendant is actually a key to Lycan William's prison, a place that was built by Selene's father. Selene now learns the truth about the slaughter of her family: Viktor did it to keep anyone from knowing William's whereabouts. Selene is the only one left who might remember where William's prison is located, and that memory is locked in her subconscious. It is for this reason that Marcus wants her blood... so that he can find William. Viktor did not fear for William and Marcus's lives when he ordered William imprisoned for all eternity. He feared that destroying William would destroy the entire Lycan bloodline, thus leaving the Vampires without slaves. Tannis arranges a meeting between Selene and Lorenz Macaro (Derek Jacobi), the only one who may have the power to stop Marcus. Before Selene and Michael can get to Lorenz Macaro, however, Marcus gets to Tannis and learns that there were actually two keys, the one with Selene and the other sewed inside Viktor's abdomen, a key that was removed by Alexander Corvinus upon Viktor's death. Lorenz Macaro turns out to be Alexander Corvinus. Selene begs him to help her stop Marcus, but he refuses to kill his own son. Suddenly, Marcus appears. Michael tries to fight him, but Marcus impales Michael through the chest and takes Selene's key that Michael was holding at the time. Selene shoots Marcus, who flies off. She removes the impalement from Michael's chest, then drains her own blood over the gaping wound... to no avail. Michael is dead. Marcus runs a sword through his father and takes the key that his father took from Viktor's chest. Marcus is now in possession of both keys. As he lays dying, Alexander slits his wrist and makes Selene drink his blood in order to pass on the legacy. "What will I become?" she asks. "The future," Alexander replies. As a helicopter takes off, carrying Selene cradling Michael's body, Alexander blows himself up. Now that Marcus has both keys and the knowledge of where the door lies, he opens it and finds William waiting. Selene leads the helicopter to where she remembers a secret passage into the prison and enters, along with a few backups. Once in, they hear the roar of a werewolf and meet up with William. Selene fires at William just as Marcus appears. Selene fires at Marcus, slowing him just long enough to get through the open door and close it behind her. Unfortunately, a bit of rock prevents the door from closing all the way. William catches up with Selene again. She fires at him repeatedly and blows up the cavern in which they are located. Suddenly, all the backups killed by William begin to turn into werewolves and converge on Selene. Meanwhile, back in the helicopter, Michael lives! He leaps from the helicopter into the fracas and helps Selene battle with William. However, Marcus has managed to get the door open, and he, too, joins the melee. The first thing he does is to grab on to a rope hanging from the helicopter and bring it tumbling down into the cavern where it catches on a catwalk and lies there, blades still spinning. Now it's Michael against William and Selene against Marcus. Eventually, Michael manages to behead William, and Selene shoves Marcus into the helicopter blades, tearing him to pieces. As the sun comes up and Selene realizes that she is no longer burned by the light, thanks to Alexander Corvinus's blood, she and Michael enter each others' arms. Big kiss scene follows. [Synopsis by bj_kuehl] 
 xXx: State of the Union (2005)431) Darius Stone, a new agent in the xXx program, is sent to Washington, D.C. to stop a coup attempt against the President of the United States. Agent Augustus Gibbons has selected an imprisoned former US Navy SEAL Darius Stone, a new agent in the XXX program, travels to Washington D.C., where they track a splinter faction of the U.S. military that attempts to overthrow the U.S. government and assassinate the President, led by Secretary of Defense and former 4-Star General George Deckert, Stone's former commanding officer whom he once led a mutiny against. But he's been targeted for assassination by a radical splinter group of dissenters deep within the United States government. The new XXX agent must uncover the insurgents from within. It is the nation's only hope to stop the first coup d'etat in American history. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} NSA Agent Augustus Gibbons, fresh off the success of his last renegade recruitment, once again finds himself in need of an outsider. Gibbons and his new agent must track a dangerous military splinter group, led by General George Deckert, that is conspiring to overthrow the U.S. Government in the nation's capital. Austin4577@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Unknown assassins penetrate a secret National Security Agency underground facility in Virginia, and kill 16 NSA agents. Agent Augustus Gibbons (Samuel L. Jackson) escapes, and must find out who broke security and why. Gibbons must recruit a new XXX agent to do his dirty work. Gibbons has just the man, a former Navy Seal and member of his old military unit. However, Darius Stone (Ice Cube) was put in a military prison for 20 years, because he disobeyed a direct order from General George Deckert (Willem Dafoe), and he also broke the general's jaw. Just the man Gibbons needs to do the job. Gibbons gets Stone out of prison, and puts him to work. Stone discovers that Deckert, who is now the secretary of defense, is the mastermind of a conspiracy to stage a coup, and become President of the United States. Deckert has been training and placing his old military unit in the right places to stage his coup. Deckert wants the President killed and anybody above him in the line of secession. Darius Stone has other plans and is out to stop Deckert. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 