nm0009509:

 Talk to You Later (2001)Summaries Sarah is agitated. It's 3:30 in the afternoon and she's just listened to a phone message from the guy she's been dating for almost a month. She calls her two best friends over to listen to it, and listen they do, over and over, discussing, dissecting, and deconstructing the 11-word message. The friends balance each other - one is pessimistic, the other looks for a silver lining. Sarah listens, distills her feelings, and picks up the phone to call him. What will she say? What will she reveal? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bust (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 CitizensSummaries A tale of disaffected youth chasing the elusive Hollywood dream of fame and fortune. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 She's So Lovely (1997)Summaries After being released from a psychiatric institution, a man tries to redeem himself in the eyes of his now-ex wife from the events that led up to his incarceration. Maureen is pregnant and her husband Eddie is missing. Nervous, Maureen shares a couple of drinks with neighbor Kiefer, who tries to rape her and then beats her. When Eddie returns and finds his wife bruised, he goes ballistic, shoots a paramedic and is put in a psychiatric institution. Ten years later, Eddie is released and finds that Maureen has divorced him and is remarried with three children, one of whom is his little girl Jeanie. Eddie goes to reclaim his wife. Katie Fisher It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 