nm0011469:

 Dead Heat (2002)321) A heart problem forces the cop Pally to retire, and his wife Charlotte is separating him. Charlotte makes Pally's half-brother Ray visit, and he suggest buying a race horse will cheer him up. He does, but then a mob boss steals the horse. Heart problems force Boston cop Pally LaMarr to retire; he's in a funk and his wife Charlotte sends him packing. At Charlotte's insistence, Pally's half-brother Ray pays Pally a visit and suggests he buy a race horse to cheer up. Ray's always playing the angles, and he's got his eye on a horse that's cheap because it's been misdiagnosed. Ray knows the horse is a champion. Before they can win some money, a local mob boss, Frank Finnigan, sees the horse and steals it as payment for the gambling debt of Tony, a local jockey and single parent. Can Pally and Ray get the horse back, get Tony out of hock, and win some moola? What about Charlotte: can Pally let his heart take the lead? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Pally LaMarr (Kiefer Sutherland) is a 35-year-old Boston cop who is forced into medical retirement due to a heart condition. Depressed and thinking of suicide, his on-again-off-again estranged wife Charlotte (Radha Mitchell) suggests he spend some quality time with his step-brother Ray (Anthony LaPaglia). Charlotte and Pally are at odds because she wants children and he doesn't. Ray is a small time crook and hustler who has an eye on a racehorse with a medical condition that he thinks he can get on the cheap, and with some minor surgery, can be transformed into a winner. Pally reluctantly goes along with the idea and they buy the horse. With a little help from a philandering veterinarian (he's been cheating on his wife and is being blackmailed by Ray) the surgery is performed and the horse's running performance is greatly improved. Ray enlists the help of his friend Tony (Lothaire Bluteau), a washed-up jockey who owes a large gambling debt to mobster Frank Finnegan (Daniel Benzali). After some training, they enter the horse in a race and it wins. Finnegan gets wind of the horse's potential and, seeing a money-making opportunity, tells Tony that he will forgive the gambling debt in exchange for the horse. Driven by desperation, Tony agrees and makes the trade. When Pally and Ray find out what Tony has done, they confront him at his apartment and make threats only to be thwarted at gunpoint by Tony's precocious young daughter Sam (Kay Panabaker). The three men then hatch a plot to steal the horse back from Finnegan. They go to Finnegan's estate in the middle of the night and go to get the horse out of the barn. (They mistakenly steal the wrong horse at first which makes for a bit of comic relief). They make their escape with one of Finnegan's hoods in hot pursuit. Tony rides away on the horse while Pally and Ray create a distraction. The hood follows Pally and Ray into the woods where Pally is forced to shoot the hood in self-defense. Now that the trio have their horse back, Finnegan again approaches weak-link Tony and offers him a new credit line in Finnegan's betting parlor. Tony accepts, leaves his daughter Sam on Pally's doorstep and heads to Finnegan's place where he again runs up a huge debt. Finnegan again offers to forgive the debt if Tony will intentionally lose the next race. Meanwhile, Pally finds Sam on his doorstep at two A.M., takes her up to his apartment to get her out of the cold, and puts her to bed in the hide-a-bed sofa. Charlotte shows up, discovers Sam, and thinks Pally has sunk to an all-time low even though Pally has done nothing inappropriate with Sam. Charlotte befriends Sam and takes on the role of her stand-in mother; a role she has always wanted. At the next race, Tony is visibly nervous because Finnegan and his thugs are there. When the race begins, Tony holds the horse in last place until he comes around the last turn and sees Finnegan. Tony then decides he will no longer be intimidated and spurs the horse on to pass the whole pack and win by a nose. Pally, Ray, and Tony take off running when the see Finnegan; Finnegan and his thugs chase them into the stables. All encounter each other in a paddock area; Pally opens a gate to let some horses loose as a distraction. There is a shootout in the paddock. Tony is shot by Finnegan but Finnegan gets his comeuppance when he gets stampeded to death. Ray is injured and is rescued by Pally. Pally returns to the middle of the stampede to rescue Tony and Sam (who has come to her father's aid). He gets them to safety but suffers a heart attack in the process. Tony later dies. Pally and Charlotte finally reconcile in the hospital when he is recovering from his heart attack. They move back in together, taking Sam along, and live happily ever after. 
 The Last Stop (2000)Summaries A group of quirky, snowbound strangers discover there are killers amongst them. In this claustrophobic thriller, Jason (Adam Beach) is a State Trooper who has found himself stranded in a cabin in the Colorado Rockies when a severe snowstorm hits the area. Waiting out the storm with Jason are his former girlfriend Nancy (Rose McGowan), the owner of the cabin, Fritz (Jurgen Prochnow), and a handful of travelers they've never met before. While the blizzard rages outside, Fritz makes a shocking discovery. Hidden in the cabin is a bloody corpse and a bag full of money. Jason figures that the murder must have been committed since they arrived at the cabin, so whoever the culprit is, they're patiently waiting with him for the storm to die down. But he's not sure how to figure out who the killer might be -- especially since they may very well be willing to kill again to hold onto the cash. Starring: Adam Beach, Jrgen Prochnow, Rose McGowan, Callum Keith Rennie, Winston Rekert Producers: David Forrest, Beau Rogers dwmsb It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Highlander (19921998)Summaries Duncan MacLeod is Immortal, and must live in modern society, concealing his true nature while fighting other Immortals. Taken from the film, Highlander, Duncan MacLeod, clansman of Connor in the film also finds he is being stalked by not only other immortals trying to kill him before the time of the gathering, but also a secret society of mortals who call themselves 'The Watchers' and also seem intent on killing him but "The Watchers" observe and record and never interfere. Duncan and the other immortals can only be killed by decapitation and often live for centuries. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Inspired by the movie of the same name follows the life of Duncan MacLeod, a clansman of Connor MacLeod, star of the movie. Duncan's an immortal, who has been alive for four hundred years. The first season follows his attempt to live a normal life with his French girlfriend, Tessa. He took in a young street kid named Richie, whom he confided his secret--that he's an immortal and can only be killed when he is beheaded. And also once beheaded their power goes into the one who beheads them, which means that there's always an immortal who wants to take their head. The second season Duncan discovered there's a secret society, whose duty is to record what immortals do. And the one assigned to "watch" Duncan is Joe Dawson. It seems that some of their members feel that immortals are abominations and must be disposed, which they tried. Also Tessa and Richie were killed but Richie then learned that he is an immortal which is why Duncan took him in and confided in him. Duncan would constantly run into Amanda who in an immortal and a thief but Duncan tries to reform her and has occasional success. He would also meet Methos who is supposedly the oldest immortal. Now the first half of each season begins in North America while the second half takes place in Europe, mostly France. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The 4400 (20042007)Summaries As the reappearance of 4,400 missing persons on a single day confounds the global community, federal agents on the case slowly discover the ways in which the victims have been changed. The 4400 explores the travails of the 4400 people who all at once returned in a ball of light to Earth; though the returnees had not aged physically, many of them reappeared with dramatic abilities ranging from enhanced reflexes to precognition. NTAC (National Threat Assessment Command) is the government agency responsible for keeping track of the returnees and investigating all things related to the 4400. ahmetkozan The pilot begins with a ball of light sailing towards Earth, but rather than the expected catastrophic event, thousands of returned abductees are left with no memory of their otherworldly experiences. Each has been gone anywhere from a few months to several decades, but hasn't aged a day. These are the stories of the 4400 abductees after they are returned to Earth. The show follows two NSA agents who are trying to figure out what happened and why. Some of those returned have been affected in mysterious ways with certain abilities, both good and bad. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 