nm0005215:

 Shark Attack (1999 TV Movie)Summaries In a once serene African fishing village, a marine biologist goes in search of some answers when his friend becomes a victim in one of a series of brutal shark attacks. A marine biologist heads for Port Amanzi in Africa after his friend Mark DeSantis is supposedly a victim of a fatal shark attack. DeSantis had been conducting research on a series of shark attacks in the area prior to his death and now his friend, along with DeSantis' sister, takes up the research and finds that the sharks might not be the only threat in Port Amanzi. Anonymous With the fish population rapidly diminishing, and the economy of the tranquil South African fishing village of Port Amanzi steadily collapsing, marine biologist Steven McKray, has a lot on his plate already. After the untimely demise of a dear colleague, Steven reluctantly teams up with the deceased's young sister Corine to shed light on the inexplicable string of violent shark attacks, only to come face-to-face with impoverished shark-worshippers and a shady former comrade. But what is driving the sharks crazy? Can Steven and the rest keep out of the jaws of terror? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shark Attack 3: Megalodon (2002 Video)Summaries When two researchers discover a colossal shark's tooth off the Mexican coast their worst fears surface - the most menacing beast to ever rule the waters is still alive and mercilessly feeding on anything that crosses its path. Twenty-four million years ago, the gigantic Megalodon, a 20-tonne killing machine with a 10-foot gaping bite, ruled the prehistoric oceans; but, thankfully, it became extinct. However, when the marine biologist, Cat Stone, discovers a massive shark tooth off the Mexican coast, her worst fears surface--the most menacing creature to ever rule the waters is still alive and mercilessly feeding on anything that crosses its path. Now, as the massive beast terrorises the workers during the maintenance on an underwater cable, they must hunt the fierce oceanic killer and destroy it, before there is no one left to stop it. Is there an escape from the jaws of terror? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Watcher (I) (2000)321) David Allen Griffin is a cool killer- time and time again, he chooses a female victim, studies her for weeks till he knows her routine to the smallest detail, makes meticulous preparations using his forensic knowledge to gain entry when she's quite alone, subdues her and administers a long, torturous death. Joel Campbell got so frustrated by his failure to capture Griffin in Los Angeles, that he quit the FBI, moved to Chicago, and remains in psychiatric therapy, unable to function normally. Then he realizes, when opening his mail very late, that a new murder victim is Griffin's, and the killer sent him pictures of her. Campbell reports this to the police, but is unwilling to join them in the search, suggesting Griffin is too slick and clever; yet he won't get out of it that easily. KGF Vissers A detective tracking a serial killer gives up all hope of solving the crimes and moves to another city. After he's settled in the old acquaintance he makes himself known. The serial killer has resurrected and resumes sending him pictures of his next victim. Jo McGregor Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Retired FBI Special Agent Joel Campbell (James Spader) lives in Chicago, where he is struggling to come to terms with his failure to capture a serial killer back when he was working in Los Angeles. Campbell attends therapy sessions with Dr. Polly Beilman (Marisa Tomei), but otherwise has no other friends or social life. Campbell learns that a girl who lived in his apartment building has been killed. He does not pay it much attention until he opens his mail and finds that a picture of the girl had been sent to his apartment three days before the murder. He brings this information to the attention of the detective on the case, Det. Mackie (Chris Ellis), and comes to the conclusion that the same serial killer has arrived in Chicago. FBI Special Agent in Charge Ibby (Ernie Hudson) tries to persuade Campbell to return to the case, but he refuses. One night Campbell receives a phone call from David Griffin (Keanu Reeves), the serial killer, who reveals that he followed Campbell to Chicago and wants to rebuild the "rapport" they once had. Griffin tells Campbell that he will send a photo of a girl in the morning, and Campbell has until 9.00 at night to find her. Campbell tells Ibby that he wants back in on the case, and his request is granted. Campbell works together with Mackie and the rest of the team in getting the word out on finding the girl before the deadline. However, by the time Campbell gets her house number and calls, Griffin is already there, and has strangled her to death. Griffin suggests they continue with a different girl. The next day similar events follow as Campbell and his team try to find the next girl before the 9:00 pm deadline. They corner and almost catch Griffin, but he manages not only to kill the second girl but also escape. Campbell is injured during the car chase. The next day, another photo arrives, but it turns out to be the image of Lisa Anton (Yvonne Niami), Campbell's former lover who was killed indirectly because of Griffin back in Los Angeles. Campbell goes to Lisa's grave, where Griffin is waiting for him. Griffin explains that he has Beilman hostage somewhere, and only wants to talk with him. Campbell negotiates for Beilman's safety, and Griffin eventually agrees to bring Campbell to see her. During the drive, Griffin explains that he cares a great deal for Campbell, and considers him a "good friend". Campbell secretly uses his cell phone to call Mackie, cluing him in on the situation. Griffin and Campbell arrive at an abandoned warehouse, where inside Beilman has been tied up and gagged and surrounded by flammable materials and candles. The two men face off as the police arrive outside. The struggle culminates with the place catching fire. Campbell unties Beilman and gets them both to safety before the place explodes, killing Griffin. 
 Grimm (20112017)431) A homicide detective discovers he is a descendant of hunters who fight supernatural forces. Portland detective, Nick Burkhardt, has seen some gruesome crime scenes, but nothing prepares him for the strange visions he begins seeing: seemingly regular people momentarily transforming into hideous monsters. A visit from his only living relative reveals the truth. Nick has inherited the ability to see supernatural creatures, and as a "Grimm," he is tasked with keeping the balance between mankind and the mythological. A reformed "Big Bad Wolf" becomes his greatest (and also reluctant) ally and confidant. It's not long before his work as a policeman leads Nick to the criminals he once thought were only found in fairy tales. L. Hamre Portland PD Detective Nick Burkhartd realises he is a Grimm and can see supernatural creatures as no one can. Together with his police badge and Grimm archives sent down by his ancestors from around the world at different times he sets out to rid the city of Portland of its most horrific villains. He is assisted by Detective Harmon, Friend Monroe and his GF with occasional help from guests as the story progresses. ahmetkozan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in present-day Portland, Oregon, the series puts a new twist on the stories of the Brothers Grimm in which a homicide detective learns that he is a descendent of a group of hunters known as "Grimms", who fight to keep humanity safe from the supernatural creatures of the world. Upon learning of his destiny and that he is the last of his kind, he has to protect every living soul from the sinister storybook characters that have infiltrated the real world. 