nm0000588:

 Parenthood (1989)321) The Buckmans are a midwestern family all dealing with their lives: estranged relatives, raising children, pressures of the job, and learning to be a good parent and spouse. The story of the Buckman family and friends, attempting to bring up their children. They suffer/enjoy all the events that occur: estranged relatives, the "black sheep" of the family, the eccentrics, the skeletons in the closet, and the rebellious teenagers. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Gil Buckman ( Steve Martin ) is a 35 year-old father of three living in suburban St. Louis. He works as a sales executive while his wife, Karen ( Mary Steenburgen ), is a stay-at-home mom, caring for their eldest son Kevin ( Jasen Fisher ), daughter Taylor ( Alisan Porter ), and toddler son Justin ( Zachary La Voy ). Gil is constantly struggling to find balance between his family and career, often weeding out issues with both. At work, his ethics are often overlooked and inner office politics seem to favor those with playboy personalities rather than those who work hard. At home, he tries to deal with the strains of parenthood and often sees himself as a failure of a father when he observes how unconfident his son Kevin is. The apparent issues that plague Taylor and Justin, who seems to enjoy butting things with his head, don't alleviate Gil's anxiety. He tries desperately to avoid being the type of father his old man, Frank ( Jason Robards ), was; distant and callous. Karen, meanwhile, tries to remain calm and supportive. Gil's older sister, Helen ( Dianne Wiest ), is a divorced bank manager whose ex-husband wants nothing to do with her or their two children, Julie ( Martha Plimpton ) and Garry ( Joaquin Phoenix ). Julie is rebellious and more interested in her boyfriend, Tod ( Keanu Reeves ), than she is about her high school education. They make love in Julie's bedroom, documenting it with a camera, and cause Helen strife when she accidentally picks up their developed pictures. Garry, on the other hand, is quiet and silently resentful towards the women in the house. When his father denies him the opportunity to stay with him for the summer, Garry angrily breaks into his dental office and smashes everything in sight. Helen understands his anger and tries to speak sense while dealing with her own issues stemming from a severe lack of romantic involvement. When Julie and Tod abruptly get married, Tod comes to live with the family and Helen's views of him as an unintelligent punk change when he gives consoling advice to Garry about his own budding sexuality. Gil's other sister, Susan ( Harley Jane Kozak ), is a middle-school teacher married to Nathan Huffner ( Rick Moranis ), a rather neurotic scientist. Susan is distressed to see their daughter, Patty ( Ivyann Schwan ), becoming a shell of a child due to Nathan's advanced home-education methods for cognitive development. She wants to have a second child but Nathan is against the idea and berates her when he discovers that she's been poking holes through her diaphragm. One day, Gil's kid brother Larry ( Tom Hulce ), surprises the family with his arrival after a prolonged absence. Never staying in one place very long and preferring to cash in on get-rich-quick schemes rather than investing in a career, Larry is the black sheep of the family but the favorite of his father, Frank. Larry introduces his son, Cool ( Alex Burrall ), whose existence had been unknown to him until recently. He explains that Cool's mother was a show girl from Las Vegas who suddenly showed up with Cool, the result of their brief tryst, and told Larry to keep him while she left the country to evade law enforcement for shooting someone. Larry stays with Frank and his mother, Marylin ( Eileen Ryan ), and is thrilled when Frank shows him his pride and joy, an antique Oldsmobile that he's kept in pristine condition. When the hired cowboy intended to provide entertainment for Kevin's birthday party is accidentally swapped with a stripper, Gil resorts to ingenuity in order to avoid the inevitable meltdown should Kevin find out. He assumes the role himself, using inventive methods to turn himself into a cowboy. His entertainment proves a hit and he feels an immense swell of satisfaction and pride for giving Kevin something memorable. However, his glee is short lived when Kevin has an episode one night while out to dinner and Gil is devastated that he couldn't 'fix' his son's anxieties. Situations at work then worsen to the point where Gil quits and, when Karen reveals that she's pregnant with their fourth child, Gil finds himself at a loss and falls into a depression. He suffers nightmares where, instead of seeing his son Kevin grow up as a confident young man, he sees him becoming disturbed and suicidal; a direct result of Gil's ultimate failure as a father. Meanwhile, sick and tired of Nathan's obsessive bearings over the family, Susan tells him, in her own way, that she is leaving him. Helen finally seems to be fitting into a place where she is happy. She has begun dating again and goes out with Garry's science teacher, George Bowman ( Paul Linke ), and Garry seems happy, spending more time with Tod. One night, after her date with George, Helen witnesses Julie storm into the house and engage in an argument with Tod after finding a drag racing helmet in his car after he'd promised her that he wouldn't race anymore. Dejected, Tod admits that he went back to racing after his friends, whom he had planned to start a small business with, took off with all of their supplies, leaving him nothing. Tod leaves the house and Julie angrily runs to her room, mentioning to the side that she is pregnant with Tod's child. Helen takes the news with a stiff drink. When Frank discovers his antique car is missing, he begins to have doubts about Larry. Larry returns with the car, claiming that he wanted to get it appraised but Frank sees through the lie and retorts that he knows Larry was simply interested in pawning if for a quick buck. Larry confesses that he has a gambling problem and owes a hefty debt of 25K to some bookies over a basketball game. If he fails to pay, they will kill him. He begs his father to help him, reasoning that Frank should because he's his father. Humbled by his disillusions, Frank asks to meet with Gil who admits his own fears in parenting. Frank acknowledges that he wasn't a good father and tells Gil that he knows he is, but that he worries too much. Any kind of worrying is something that never goes away, even when children are full grown. Frank and Gil have a reconciliation and Frank asks for advice on what to do with Larry. Frank agrees to help Larry and tells him that he will train him in the family business, paying the bookies over time with the money Frank intended for retirement. Larry agrees to the plan but only after he looks into a sweet opportunity in Chile and asks Frank for a grant of $3,000 for the trip. Disheartened and knowing Larry's true intentions, Frank agrees regardless. He joins Cool on the porch, who is saddened to see his father leave and asks if he will come back. Frank says that he won't but asks Cool if he'd like to stay and live with them. Nathan surprises Susan by walking into her classroom during school hours and breaks character by serenading her with their wedding song, begging her to give him one more chance and that he can change. Susan accepts and kisses him. Her students cheer and clap. Helen sits on the sidelines with Garry and Julie while Tod prepares his car for a race. Halfway down the track, Tod loses control and violently crashes. He is quickly loaded onto the back of a truck for evaluation, though he appears unhurt, but Julie finds the distress too overwhelming. She tells Helen that she 'can't do this anymore' but Helen reminds her that 'this is marriage' and that she needs to be with Tod. Julie embraces Tod and Garry marvels at his mother's advice. Helen tells Garry that a marriage is worth suffering through if you truly love someone but she gives her daughter's marriage a limited timeframe. Gil and Karen help Taylor get dressed for her school play that night, though Gil is still visibly distressed. He managed to get his job back when his supervisor, Dave ( Dennis Dugan ), admitted that the man promoted instead of Gil started screwing things up, but is still on edge with his family. He argues with Karen until his grandmother ( Helen Shaw ) interrupts. She explains that when she was young, she went on her first roller coaster with her husband. She found that all the ups and downs, which gave her so much excitement and fear, were preferable to the merry-go-round that other people rode. Gil misses the reference to life and drives the family to the school play. Taylor has a role as a dwarf in the production of 'Snow White' and, when her character, Dopey, is shoved forward by the other children, Justin becomes defensive and runs on stage to 'save his sister', butting his head into the other children. Amid the laughs and cries of disapproval by the other parents, Gil strains against the anxiety but manages to calm himself, even finding humor in the situation. At peace, he embraces Karen and strokes her belly lovingly. Things fall into place and, months later, the family reunites in the hospital's maternity ward to welcome the newest addition. A tearful George enters the waiting room and announces that he and Helen have a healthy baby girl. The family rejoices as Helen holds her newborn. Frank hands out cigars and holds his grandson, Cool. Julie snuggles next to Tod, holding their own baby while Gil changes his new daughter's diaper. A visibly pregnant Susan sits with Nathan while a more chipper Patty plays with Gil's three other children. 
 The Mosquito Coast (1986)541) An inventor spurns his city life and moves his family into the jungles of Central America to make a utopia. An eccentric and dogmatic inventor sells his house and takes his family to Central America to build a utopia in the middle of the jungle. Conflicts with his family, a local preacher, and with nature are only small obstacles to his obsession. Based on the novel by Paul Theroux. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> American Allie Fox (Harrison Ford) is a genius, especially when it comes to anything mechanical, and an idealist. He dropped out of Harvard to become an inventor, he now with nine patents and six pending. He loves the U.S., but is disillusioned by what it has become in so many different facets. As such, he unilaterally decides to uproot his family - his wife, who he affectionately calls "Mother" (Dame Helen Mirren), their two sons Charlie (River Phoenix) and Jerry (Jadrien Steele), and their twin daughters April (Hilary Gordon) and Clover (Rebecca Gordon) - from their comfortable New England life to move to the jungles of Central America, most specifically Mosquitia. There, he hopes to start from scratch to build a society closer to his own ideals, his utopia. He believes he is doing this not just for himself, but for his family, as he wants his children to learn from real-life as opposed to books. Allie will learn that he may have his own view of what he wants to achieve, but that there are external forces, both human and non-human, that may conspire against him. Outwardly, chief amongst his human obstacles is missionary Reverend Spellgood (Andre Gregory), whose work Allie believes is solely narcissistic propaganda. In turn, Reverend Spellgood believes Allie is a Communist. But what may be lurking underneath the surface as another obstacle is Allie's own family, who may ultimately rebel against something in which they had no input, especially as Allie has a policy of anyone being free to leave if they want, but be excommunicated from the family forever. Allie, too, will have to decide how far he will go to achieve his ultimate dream. Huggo Allie Fox (Harrison Ford) has never been a man to do things by the book. An avid inventor, he is a troubled genius given to intense moods and an incredible drive. Seemingly on a whim, he shifts his family to the jungles of Central America, telling his children that America "is gone". Determined to create a civilization better than the one he has abandoned, Fox's obsession and mania might pull his family through, or it might pull them apart. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Charlie Fox (River Phoenix) explaining that his father, Allie Fox (Harrison Ford), is a brilliant inventor with "nine patents, six pending." Allie has grown fed up with the American Dream and American consumerism, believing that Americans "buy junk, sell junk and eat junk," and that there is an impending nuclear war on the horizon as a result of American greed and crime. Allie and Charlie go to a hardware store to buy components for a new invention, an ice machine known as Fat Boy. Upon seeing that the product was made in Japan, Allie refuses to purchase it. After Allie and Charlie acquire the components at a local dump, he finishes assembling his creation. Allie's boss and asparagus farm owner, Mr. Polski (Dick O'Neill) complains that Allie is not tending to the asparagus, which is rotting. Allie, Charlie, and Allie's youngest son, Jerry (Jadrien Steele), meet Mr. Polski, and Allie shows him "Fat Boy." The machine leaves Polski unimpressed. As he drives past the fields, a dejected Allie comments on immigrants picking asparagus, and says that where they come from, they might think of ice as a luxury. The home of the migrant workers is in a state of disarray, exemplifying their poverty. That night, Jerry tells "Mother" (Helen Mirren), that he believes something terrible is about to happen. Mother rebuffs her son, explaining that she believes something good will happen. The next morning, Allie throws a party for the immigrant workers before telling his family that they're leaving the United States. After they board a Panamanian barge, the family meets Reverend Spellgood (Andre Gregory), a Christian missionary, his wife (Melanie Boland), and their daughter, Emily (Martha Plimpton). Emily flirts with Charlie. Allie and the Reverend begrudgingly try to get along, despite having entirely different religious views. When the barge docks in Belize City, the families disembark and go their separate ways. Allie, with the consent of the Belize government, purchases a small village called Jeronimo in the rainforest along the river. Mr. Haddy (Conrad Roberts) takes Allie and his family upriver to Jeronimo. Allie meets the inhabitants and proceeds to start building a new, 'advanced' civilization, in the process inventing many new things. The locals take kindly to Allie and his family, but Allie's will to build a utopic civilization keeps them working to their limits. One day, Reverend Spellgood arrives to convert Jeronimo's citizens. In the process, Allie and Spellgood angrily denounce each other, leading to a permanent schism: Allie believes Spellgood to be a religious zealot; Spellgood believes Allie to be a communist. Allie sets to constructing a huge version of "Fat Boy" that can supply Jeronimo with ice. Upon completing the machine, Allie hears rumors of a native tribe in the mountains that have never seen ice. Allie recruits his two sons to carry a load of ice into the jungle to supply the tribe. Upon arriving, Allie finds that the load has melted, and that the tribe has already been visited by missionaries. When Allie returns to Jeronimo, he learns that Spellgood has left with much of the populace, scaring them with stories of God's biblical destruction. The near-empty town is visited by rebels, who demand to use Jeronimo as a guerrilla base. Allie and his family accept to accommodate them while Allie constructs a plan to be rid of them. Set on freezing them to death, Allie bunks the rebels up in the giant ice machine, tells Charlie to lock its only other exit, and activates it. The rebels, waking in panic, try to shoot their way through. To Allie's horror, the rebels' gunfire sets off an explosion within the machine. By the next morning, both the machine and the family's home is in ruins. Worse, the chemicals from the destroyed machine have severely polluted the river. Forced downstream, Allie and his family arrive at the coast. Mother and the children rejoice, believing they can return to the United States. Allie, refusing to believe his dream has been shattered, announces that they have all they need on the beach and, lying, tells the family that America has been destroyed in a nuclear war. Settling on the beach in a houseboat he has built, and refusing assistance from Mr. Haddy, a paranoid Allie believes that the family has accomplished building a utopia. One night, the storm surge from a tropical cyclone nearly forces the family out to sea until Charlie reveals that he has been hiding motor components given to him by Mr. Haddy, allowing them to start the motor on the boat. The family becomes physically and emotionally weaker for lack of food, shelter, and other human companionship. Traveling upstream once again, the family stumbles across Spellgood's compound. Coming ashore, Allie sees barbed wire, and mutters that the settlement is a Christian concentration camp. While the rest of the family sleeps, Charlie and Jerry sneak over to the Spellgood home. After finding out that the United States was not destroyed and that Emily will assist them in escaping from Allie, Charlie obtains the keys to a jeep. Before Charlie can convince Mother and his sisters to leave, Allie sets Spellgood's church on fire. Spellgood shoots Allie, paralyzing him from the neck down. The family escapes aboard the boat. The film concludes with the group traveling downriver again, where Allie drifts in and out of consciousness. Allie asks his wife if they are going upstream. She lies to himgoing against the wishes of her husband for the first time. Charlie's final narration reports the death of Allie, but gives hope that the rest of the family can live their lives freely from now on. 
 The Goonies (1985)66) A group of young misfits called The Goonies discover an ancient map and set out on an adventure to find a legendary pirate's long-lost treasure. Mikey and his friends have always wanted to go on an adventure. One night they are all in Mikey's attic and Mikey stumbles across an old map. Mikey has always wanted to know if One-eyed Willy ever was a real person and now he might. They set off and later realize that they have to go through the evil Mama Fratelli's restaurant to get to a secret passage to the caves. As they try to get into the caves Mama Fratelli catches Chunk and he is left behind. He then meets Sloth one of Mama Fratelli's sons with a messed up face. He befriends Sloth. Meanwhile Mama Fratelli and her sons are trying to get to the treasure too. Will the kids make it there before Mama Fratelli does? Will Chuck ever get out of her basement? Black Wolf Sadly, to make way for a new golf course, the entire community of the peaceful coastal town of Goon Docks in Oregon faces imminent foreclosure. However, when a band of local childhood friends, who call themselves the "Goonies", stumble upon an old treasure map riddled with hints and clues leading to the fabled loot the notorious pirate, "One-Eyed" Willy, the opportunity to save their homes emerges. Now, as the criminal Fratelli family is hot on their trail, a frenzied race against time begins; one that leads the Goonies to an underground maze of ingeniously dangerous booby traps, all designed by Willy himself to protect his fortune. Can the dauntless Goonies prove their mettle? Above all, is the treasure real? Nick Riganas The criminal Jake escapes from the jail with the support of his brother Francis and his mother Mama Fratelli. Meanwhile a group of boys called The Goonies that will be evicted from their homes in Goon Docks since their parents were not capable to pay the mortgage of their houses meet each other in the house of the brothers Mikey Walsh and Brand to celebrate the last day together. When they go to the attic, Mikey finds the map of the treasure of the pirate One Eyed Willis's and he shows to his friends Data, Chunk and Mouth. They decide to seek out the treasure to save their homes but they find that the location is the hideout of the Fratelli family. Soon they team up with their friends Andy and Stef but they are hunted down by the Fratelli family that wants the treasure for themselves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A ruthless crime family calling themselves the "Fratellis" have somehow escaped from jail and are now hiding in a town of Astoria, Oregon. Home of a secret kid society known as "The Goonies", their leader is Michael "Mikey" Walsh, and they are enjoying their last weekend together as a system of contractors have bought their neighborhood and are considering on transforming it into a golf course. However Mikey, stumbles upon a mysterious map to a treasure of a famed pirate "One-Eyed" Willie. So, The Goonies embark on an adventure to find the treasure and save their neighborhood. However, they also came across the Fratellis. So, The Goonies have to stay one step head of the Fratellis and find the treasure while avoiding a system of traps. John Wiggins The Goonies are a group of friends living in a village, the groups leader Mikey Walsh, his older brother Brand and gang members Andy, Data, Stef, Mouth, and Chunk are being evicted from their homes which are to be demolished. Setting out to find a way of saving their homes, The Goonies find a treasure map and they set off in search for the treasure of the legendary pirate One-Eyed Willy which is located beneath a abandoned restaurant. Joined by a deformed gentle giant named Sloth, The Goonies embark on a great adventure through a underground maze filled with traps and skeletons, where they are pursued by Sloth's mother, thief Momma Fratelli and his brothers Jake and Francis who are also after One-Eyed Willy's treasure and they willing to get the treasure first. Daniel Williamson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Beautiful Girls (1996)761) A piano player at a crossroads in his life returns home to his friends and their own problems with life and love. New York based jazz pianist Willie Conway heads back to his small hometown of Knights Ridge, Massachusetts for a high school reunion. The trip is as much to go to the reunion and see his old friends - none of whom left Knights Ridge after graduation - as it is to get away from his current life, at which he is at a crossroads both personally and professionally. He is just eking out a living with his piano playing gigs, and as such he is thinking about taking a sales job. He's also not sure if he's ready to marry his long time girlfriend, lawyer Tracy Stover. Most of Willie's Knights Ridge blue collar friends' best days were in high school, they still having that "trophy" mentality of girlfriends and wives. Only Michael "Mo" Morris is happily married with a family. Paul Kirkwood, whose room is plastered with magazine pictures of models, wants his waitress ex-girlfriend Jan back only because he knows now that he can't have her. And Tommy "Birdman" Rowland, who was the big man in high school, is trying to end his affair with his now married high school girlfriend, Darian Smalls. Despite knowing about Darian, Tommy's current girlfriend, Sharon Cassidy, stands by her man through bad and worse. A cousin of their bar owning friend Stanley "Stinky" Womack, the beautiful Andera who is visiting from Chicago, may provide the voice of reason for this group of friends in dealing with their women problems. Some reason is what Willie may need in trying to figure out why he is attracted to Marty, his father's thirteen year old neighbor, especially as Willie learns that Tracy has decided to join him for the reunion. Huggo Beautiful Girls is a romantic drama about seeing the beauty in all females in all the facets of every man's life. It just took Willie to come home to realize that. It ranges from the beautiful but "mean as a snake" Darian, to the inner beauty and personality of Gina, the beauty of a mother and a wife in Anne, the smarts and sexiness of Andera, down to the potentially stunning and witty Marty, just to name a few of the great female characters in the film. Willie realizes the value, the individuality, and the ranging beauty of all these women throughout the film, culminating with the arrival of his fiancee, Tracy. These realizations, along with his friends, lead him down a path of clarity that sets his future into motion. D. B. Pascal Beautiful Girls is about a group of small-town friends joining up for their first high school reunion. They find themselves evaluating their lives and their relationships. It's about growing up and facing reality. Leo <mleonar1@ic3.ithaca.edu> Pianist Willie Conway returns to his snowy home town to attend a high school reunion. Willie reunites with his old friends, Tommy "Birdman" Rowland, Michael "Mo" Morris and Paul Kirkwood. Willie finds that two of his old high school buddies have all got problems with their relationships, Tommy, is having a affair with former high school girlfriend Darian Smalls who is now married and Tommy has a girlfriend named Sharon Cassidy and Paul is angry that his former girlfriend Jan broke up with him because he won't commit and has tons of posters of supermodels on his bedroom wall. As Willie waits for his girlfriend Tracey to arrive, Willie finds himself having a crush on Marty, his 13-year old next-door neighbor and Willie, Tommy, Michael and Paul find themselves falling for Andrea, who is also visiting. Daniel Williamson In this romantic drama a group of high school buddies re-unite for their high school reunion in the small town where they grew up. They deal with the life challenges of finding women to love and be loved by, committing to a relationship, and getting past their childhood dreams and desires to deal with reality and appreciate life. Gustaf Molin <gustaf.molin@usa.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Willie Conway (Timothy Hutton) finishes the last few notes of a set at an NYC bar, and counts his tips from a glass on the piano. He takes his change and heads out into the cold winter night to take a Greyhound coach across the border for a High School reunion back where he grew up. His old twenty-something High School buddies haven't moved on with their lives. Tommy 'Birdman' Rowland (Matt Dillon) and Paul Kirkwood (Michael Rapaport) own a snow-plough business, and hire their friend Kev (Max Perlich) to lend a hand. They each have their issues - Bird, the old High School quarterback, is having an affair with his old High School sweetheart, Darian Smalls (Lauren Holly) ... who happens to be married, and has a daughter. Paul couldn't commit to his ex, Jan (Martha Plimpton), but when she moved on to be with 'Victor the meat-cutter', he is filled with jealousy and blocks her driveway with snow every night. Michael 'Mo' Morris (Noah Emmerich) is the only old buddy who has matured - he is married with 2 kids, and is content with life it seems. Mo picks up Willie from the coach station and drops him off home. He has a lonely house since his mom died - leaving behind a heart-broken old man, and Willie's wayward younger brother Bobby (David Arquette). Outside, Willie sees for the first time his young neighbor, Marty (Natalie Portman), making a snowman. After hanging out with his pals, next day he meets Marty again - who gives him some snow-shovelling advice, which breaks the ice (get it? ok, not that great) in their friendship. She likes his burns. Paul buys a ring for his ex-girlfriend Jan and proposes. But it's too little, too late. And the diamond has a brown tint to it. she flat refuses, and he is heart-broken. That night, the old friends meet at a reopened bar in town, managed by Stanley 'Stinky' Womack (a much slimmer Pruitt Taylor Vince). Already Paul argues with Birdman, who doesn't take kindly to his advice, and then the others. Next day, Marty and Willie meet again. She asks if he has a girlfriend. He tells her that he is seeing somebody - a girl called Tracy. Marty asks if they have plans to get married. Willie has been reluctant to commit, and doesn't want to stick around to hear relationship advice from a 13year old. Meanwhile, Tommy's girlfriend, Sharon (Mira Sorvino), has had another jealous fight with Tommy (she knows about Darian). She asks her friends for advice. They tell her to ditch him, but instead, as it's his birthday soon, she wants to try one more time and salvage the relationship. They reluctantly agree to help her throw a surprise party. The old friends, including Mo, are back in the bar again when in walks Stanley's cousin, Andera (Uma Thurman - what a cast!! Who was the casting agent on this one, again?!). The men all fall for her instantly. They down shots, and Willie is asked to play something. After a little warm-up, the boys break into "Sweet Caroline". Next day, Birdman and Willie are invited to a long, and random, lecture/monologue by Gina (Rosie O'Donnell) about the virtues of real women. Back home, Willie is jealous when he sees that Marty has suddenly got a boyfriend. Sharon throws the surprise birthday party for Tommy. Things are going great - until Darian shows up, drunk, and makes a move on Tommy. Sharon and her friends leave. Tommy drives Darian home, and she makes a move again but Tommy turns her down. Darian is angry, revealing her true character. Instead Tommy tries to patch things up with Sharon, but it's too late. Clearing up after the party, Willie opens up to Mo about his feelings for Marty. Mo puts him straight. Willie is having cold-feet about taking things to the next level with his girlfriend. He knows Marty will be stunning in 10 years time, but it's the beer talking. Willie and Mo head off to the frozen lake the next day with Mo's kids. Willie leaves him to it and joins Paul and Kev in an ice-fishing shack. When he leaves for air, he sees Marty skating with her friends. He goes to say 'hi'. As they talk, he hears that she has finished things with her boyfriend, Andrew, because she has found someone better - Willie. She falls into his arms. Willie is embarrassed, but a little giddy. Mo almost falls over in shock. Marty asks him to wait for her until she is 18, in 5 years time. But Willie tells her that it would be unfair to wait - she still has a lot of maturing to do and in 5 years will have forgotten about him, while he'll still be waiting. He doesn't want to be the Winnie the Pooh to her Christopher Robbin - as he knows that is how the story ended, when Christopher outgrew Pooh. She skates away. Paul somehow manages to score a date with Andera. He takes her to a bar - the same one which Jan is at the bar with Victor. Andera, as a favour, flirts with him - but when Paul tries to score a kiss she smacks him and leaves. She walks home alone, turning down an advance from Tommy on the way. Paul is still upset, and gives Willie a talk about why he prefers models - the promise of a better life. Meanwhile Tommy meets Darian in the library, who asks him to go to the reunion, where things will be like they were before. That night, Willie drowns his sorrows at the bar. He is joined by Andera. After two unsuccessful attempts to leave with him, she gives in and they go to the ice shack. Andera has a boyfriend. Willie, suddenly forgetting his feelings for Tracy -- and Marty -- says he is jealous. After another unsuccessful attempt, she leaves - and heads home to Chicago the next day. Tracy arrives from New York. She is a big hit with Willie's old man and Bobby. Willie has feelings for her again. Marty is heart-broken. Willie has kind words for her -- he wants to keep in touch whatever happens, because he knows she will grow up to be an amazing person. The guys have a pre-reunion party at Mo's. Tommy has decided to do the right thing and avoid Darian - and miss the reunion. Instead he heads down to the bar - and bumps into Steve, Darian's husband, and his frat buddies. Meanwhile Darian is at the reunion, alone. She is confronted by a man who had/has a weight problem, and says that although she was something to look at, she was as mean as a snake. After he refuses to be bought a drink, suddenly Steve opens up and tells him he knows about what has happened with his wife. They are going to settle it outside - Tommy doesn't believe Steve to be a man to fight his own battles. After a little insult he leaves ... and is followed by the four men. He gets in a few good punches, but is smacked over the head with a rock and then held while each man gets a free punch, and then kicked while he lies on the ground. He is found by the barman, who phones Mo. The boys race over to the bar to find a badly-beaten Tommy. Immediately they get back into the truck and head over to Steve's house. Steve calls his friends. Mo threatens Steve -- his friends show, but Willie thinks quickly and rams the frat boys' car into some snow. Mo is about to beat Steve when his little daughter shows up and asks what is wrong. Mo can't do it and leaves. As they leave, Darian drives towards the house to deal with the mess she has made. Tommy is taken to hospital where he need stitches and has a few broken ribs, but generally is ok. Sharon stops round and takes pity on him. That night, Paul, overcome with emotion, and having learnt that Jan and Victor are engaged, decides to clear her driveway from snow, for a change, as an act of kindness. The next day Willie stops round to check on Tommy and to say goodbye as he has decided to leave and head back to NY with Tracy. Sharon has stayed with Tommy overnight. Willie tells Tommy not to mess it up this time. Tommy is still a little reluctant to visit - he'll never leave the town. Willie and Tracy pack the car with luggage. Willie introduces Tracy to Marty, then says goodbye to Marty one last time and gives her a kiss on the cheek. Paul shows up to wave them off. Paul recognises Marty as "the little neighborhood Lolita", she has a few words for the-good-for-nothing High School buddy as well. Paul tells Willie not to forget about them, even though "nothing changes in the Ridge but the seasons!" As they pull away they run past Kev, who tells them to 'be cool forever', and then out of town to "Sweet Caroline". JT, HowDoesTheMovieEnd.com 