nm0000132:

 Romeo + Juliet (1996)321) Shakespeare's famous play is updated to the hip modern suburb of Verona still retaining its original dialogue. The classic story of Romeo and Juliet, set in a modern-day city of Verona Beach. The Montagues and Capulets are two feuding families, whose children meet and fall in love. They have to hide their love from the world because they know that their parents will not allow them to be together. There are obstacles on the way, like Juliet's cousin, Tybalt, and Romeo's friend Mercutio, and many fights. But although it is set in modern times, it is still the same timeless story of the "star crossed lovers". Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story revolves around three families from Verona. The Ruling House, the House of Capulet from where Juliet hails and that of Montague, the male protagonist's family. The story commences with a street brawl fired by the feud between the Montague and Capulet families. When the Prince of Verona announces that any further feud would result in punishment, Count Paris of the ruling house expresses his desire to marry Juliet, from the House of Capulet, who is only thirteen. Meanwhile, after the brawl, Benvolio learns about Romeo's lost-love Rosaline, one of Lord Capulet's nieces. The estranged meeting between Romeo and Juliet takes place at the ball arranged for Count Paris to meet Juliet. Romeo meets and falls head-over-heels in love with Juliet. Romeo discloses his identity to her on being 'encouraged in love'. They seek the support of Friar Laurence, who longs for a reconciliation between the two families and are secretly married. Tybalt, Juliet's cousin challenges Romeo to a duel on discovering that he had sneaked into the ball. However, because of Juliet, Romeo refuses to fight him and calls on the ire of Mercutio, who accepts the duel instead of Romeo. When Mercutio is wounded in the duel, Romeo shoots Tybalt dead and is exiled for the latter's death. Juliet's grief is worsened when Lord Capulet makes plans for her wedding with Count Paris. She seeks help from Friar Laurence. The plan they come up with is that Juliet would consume a drug that would take her into a coma for nearly two days. Romeo was to be informed of the plan via a messenger, who doesn't reach him in time. On the eve of her marriage to Count Paris, Juliet takes the drug and is declared dead. Romeo hears about her 'death' and buys poison before visiting the family crypt. Fate has other plans as Paris encounters Romeo and is killed by the latter. Believing that his lady love is dead, Romeo drinks the poison. When Juliet awakes to discover Romeo's corpse, she uses Tybalts gun and shoots herself in the head. The families meet at the tomb and hear the story of the lovers from the friar. They reconcile and the violent feud is declared over. The exact date when William Shakespeare wrote Romeo and Juliet remains unknown. Though there is mention about an 'earthquake 11 years ago', the dialogue highlights the earthquake in England in 1580. Hence, the popular belief is that the play was written in 1591. The dramatic techniques, paradigm shifts from hope to despair and then again rejuvenated hope adds emotion to the verse and strain of thought in prologue. 
 The Hours (2002)651) The story of how the novel "Mrs. Dalloway" affects three generations of women, all of whom, in one way or another, have had to deal with suicide in their lives. In 1951, Laura Brown (Julianne Moore), a pregnant housewife, is planning a party for her husband, but she can't stop reading the novel "Mrs. Dalloway". Clarissa Vaughan (Meryl Streep), a modern woman living in present times is throwing a party for her friend Richard (Ed Harris), a famous author dying of A.I.D.S. These two stories are simultaneously linked to the work and life of Virginia Woolf (Nicole Kidman), who's writing the novel mentioned before. Jonas Reinartz <jonas.reinarzt@web.de> This movie concerns three women each suffering from depression. Virginia Woolf (Nicole Kidman) is starting to write her book "Mrs. Dalloway" in 1923 England. She is coming to the realization of her sexuality and fighting her pure despair of life and headaches. Virginia receives a visit from her sister Vanessa Bell (Miranda Richardson) and Vanessa's two sons and daughter. The daughter places a strong influence on Virginia's emotions through the death of a bird. Eventually, Virgnia must face the decision to run away to London, stay with her beloved husband, or move to London where the doctors forbid her to go. Laura Brown (Julianne Moore) is a mother fearing her ability to be a mother again. She is reading "Mrs. Dalloway" in 1951 Los Angeles, California. Laura is trying to throw a wonderful birthday party for her husband. The very pregnant Laura thinks she won't be an adequate mother to her son and current baby on the way in a few months. Laura must make the decision to run away from it all or live miserably with her happy husband. Clarissa Vaughan (Meryl Streep) is a career publisher living in present-day 2001 New York City. Her nickname, given by her poet-friend, Richard (Ed Harris), who is dying of A.I.D.S., is "Mrs. Dalloway". Clarissa is also throwing a party, but for Richard, who is receiving an award for his poetry. Like Virginia Woolf, Clarissa is also a lesbian, but also wonders if she is in love with Richard, with whom she once was romantically involved. At the end, the whole plot twists and comes together. The basic theme of this movie is wondering if it is better to live your life for your own happiness or others. Leftmidder_2000 In 1923 England, ailing novelist Virginia Woolf (Nicole Kidman) is starting to write her novel, "Mrs. Dalloway", under the care of doctors and family. In 1951 Los Angeles, California, Laura Brown (Julianne Moore) is a pregnant housewife who is planning for her husband's birthday, but is preoccupied with reading Woolf's novel. In 2001 New York City, Clarrisa Vaughan (Meryl Streep) is a lesbian publisher planning an award party for her friend, an author dying of A.I.D.S. Taking place over one day, all three stories are interconnected with the novel mentioned before, as one is writing it, one is reading it, and one is living it. K. Kaufman Recuperating from a nervous breakdown, Virginia Woolf (Nicole Kidman) begins work on her depression-themed novel "Mrs. Dalloway", which goes on to play a key role not only in her own life but in the lives of a 1950s housewife contemplating suicide and a new-millennium posh lesbian publisher caring for her dying friend. Jojo Mac Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with British writer Virginia Woolf (Nicole Kidman) putting stones inside her pockets before drowning herself (in real life, she walked in to the River Ouse on 28th March 1941). Laura Brown (Julianne Moore) lives in 1951 in a wealthy Los Angeles suburb. Her husband, Dan Brown (John C. Reilly) is having a birthday. While he's at work, she makes a chocolate cake for him. Their son, Richie (Jack Rovello), asks if he can help her with it. As he sifts the flour, he wants to know why they are making the cake. "So Daddy will know we love him?" he asks. She answers yes and then he asks, "He won't know it, if we don't?" She answers him, "no". She is heavily pregnant with their second child. She is also reading a hardback copy of Mrs Dalloway, which is considered Virginia Woolf's best novel. Clarissa Vaughan (Meryl Streep) lives in modern 2001 New York and is planning a party for her prize-winning poet and close friend, Richard Brown (Ed Harris). Rich has been suffering AIDS for many years. He's a celebrated poet, and Clarissa is his editor. Clarissa worries about Richard a lot, and takes care of him as if she were his mother. Back at home, when she is preparing the party almost on her own, she has trouble with her girlfriend Sally Lester (Allison Janney), who has been unfaithful to her for some time. Several people appear for the party: Clarissa's daughter Julia (Claire Danes) and the most cherished of Richard's ex-boyfriends, Louis (Jeff Daniels), who has another relationship with a younger man but who is still a bit sad and melancholic. Back to the UK, where Virginia has just started to write a novel. She and her husband Leonard Woolf (Stephen Dillane) have moved to a village outside London, because London's hectic and frenzy life has affected Virginia's psychological health. She had tried to commit suicide twice, and used to hear voices. Leonard is busy with his printing press business, but he watches over her tenderly. One sunny day they are visited by Vanessa (Miranda Richardson), Viriginia's sister, and her two sons Quentin and Julian (George Loftus and Charley Ramm) and daughter Angelica (Sophie Wyburd). They are talkative and full of life, but their visit causes some anxiety to Virginia. To have lunch and tea prepared as she wants, having to force the cook and main maid Nelly Boxall (Linda Bassett) to travel to London to buy some things and then travel back is an ordeal to the lady of the house. Virginia has problems to make herself obeyed by their servants, especially by pushy Nelly. In real life, many pages on Woolf's diary were about Nelly, a person she used to fear so much that she wouldn't even dare to give the sack. This time Virginia had to be obeyed. Angelica finds a dead bird recently deceased at the Woolfs' garden. They bury it with much pomp, and this puts a bigger strain on Virginia's damaged emotions. At the end of the day, the four visitors go back to London merrily and Virginia and Leonard stay at home. Back in LA, Laura's friend, Kitty (Toni Collette) stops by. Laura complains about the cake not turning out right for her husband's birthday. Kitty says she doesn't understand why and that baking is easy to do. Kitty then says that it's ok, that everyone has different things that they're good at. Kitty is dressed perfectly and seems to have the perfect life. Laura learns that Kitty is about to have surgery performed, as she is seriously ill, and that's why she couldn't have any children. Kitty starts to let her guard down and seems to get emotional over her problem. Laura and Kitty kiss each other. However, Kitty behaves and talks as though nothing had happened. After Kitty leaves, Laura throws the first cake away and then makes a perfect one. Meanwhile, Richie is sitting quietly while he watches his mother. She stops, looks at him and asks, "What?" while he looks on. She then takes him to a neighbor's (Margo Martindale) while she goes out, which Richie highly protests to. She proceeds to drive around. She sees the sign for a hotel and decides to book in. There, she takes out all the medicines that she took from the cabinet in the bathroom from her home and puts them on the bedside table next to her. She puts herself on top of the perfectly-made bed and reads Mrs Dalloway but falls asleep whilst reading her book. For her, death is like a flood, a river overgrown which will drown her from under the hotel bed. Suddenly she wakes up. She has just decided that she will wait for her second child to be born and then she will leave her family. When she comes back home as though nothing special had happened, Richie knows that she's lying. That night, Laura's husband dines with his family and eats the cake. He is a contented quiet men and says that the cake is delicious, and appreciates the fact that Laura has done it. He talks of how perfect his birthday was thanks to his family. In New York, Richard Brown (Laura's older son, now a grown-up man) wants to skip the party. He tells Clarissa that she has been the only reason he had to live, but that now, she has to let him go. Clarissa is a lesbian, but she wonders if she is still in love with Richard. However Clarissa cannot prevent Richard from jumping from the window. Instead of a party, she has to prepare Richard's funeral. Richard's mother, Laura Brown appears. She has become -according to Julia- a sweet old lady, not the monster as late Richard Brown used to describe her. Laura tells how she moved to Canada to lead an independent life as a librarian in Canada, but she won't apologize for the hurt she has caused to her family because her pain doesn't make any difference now to her late husband (who died of cancer) and children (her younger daughter had also died). In the UK, Virginia has changed her mind: her character Mrs Dalloway won't die, another character in her novel, a rambling poet married to his lonely Italian nurse, will do so. When Leonard asks her why somebody must die in her novels, she tells him "so that we all appreciate life." Anyway, Virginia tries to run away to London, but Leonard catches her while she is waiting at the train station. Virginia talks to him, and Leonard can't put up with her anymore: he promises they will be back to London soon. As the audience knows, Virginia will end up committing suicide there. And that's how the film ends: as it has begun, with Virginia Woolf committing suicide. In real life, she wrote some other novels after Mrs Dalloway and before committing suicide. 
 Homeland (20112020)431) A bipolar CIA operative becomes convinced a prisoner of war has been turned by al-Qaeda and is planning to carry out a terrorist attack on American soil. The winner of 6 Emmy Awards including Outstanding Drama Series, Homeland is an edge-of-your-seat sensation. Marine Sergeant Nicholas Brody is both a decorated hero and a serious threat. CIA officer Carrie Mathison is tops in her field despite being bipolar. The delicate dance these two complex characters perform, built on lies, suspicion, and desire, is at the heart of this gripping, emotional thriller in which nothing short of the fate of our nation is at stake. ahmetkozan Carrie Mathison, a CIA operations officer, is on probation after carrying out an unauthorized operation in Iraq. As a result, she has been reassigned to the Counter terrorism center. Whilst in Iraq, she was warned that an American prisoner had been turned by Al-Qaeda. When Nicholas Brody, a U.S. Marine Sergeant, is rescued after being held hostage since 2003, she suspects that he is the one. While Brody is received home as a war hero, Carrie goes to any lengths necessary to catch him out. Kad Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. DAY 1 Open with Brody on videotape, leaving a message to be viewed after he's dead. He talks about loving his country, and that was he is doing is simply part of the oath he has taken as a Marine. The vice president of the U.S. is a domestic threat to the country. Saul stops by to see Carrie. Maggie says she's not doing well. Carrie hasn't left her room in three days and isn't eating. Saul goes upstairs and talks with Carrie. He doesn't discuss specifics, but promises not to give up on looking at Abu Nazir's break from doing bad things. She talks about Brody and he wonders if she's in love with him. Brody finishes filming inside (inside a storage locker) and hides the camera card in wall, marking the location with a chalk line. We see Walker hid in the backseat of a woman's car while she is playing bingo in a senior center. Vice President Walden addressed key staff and supporters, talking announcing his presidential run the following morning. Estes thinks the plan is dangerous given how many important people will be there. Walden isn't worried since Walker is "only one guy." Walker is still in the back seat as the woman drives up to a checkpoint near her home. Apparently she lives just two blocks from the State Department. When she gets into her underground garage Walker pops out from the backseat and sticks a gun to her head. Virgil tries to help get Carrie to eat. It isn't working. Brody says grace before dinner. This is unusual and Dana notices. Walker cuts a circle in one of the apartment windows. The women is tied up on a nearby chair. That night Brody remembers the words of Abu Nazir. He goes to pray. Dana catches him and he has to explain that he has converted to Islam. They agree that Jessica wouldn't understand and this will be their secret. Day 2 Carrie wakes up and is frantic for her meds. Virgil brings them. Saul brings Estes a partially redacted file. It is what he thinks is a drone strike during Abu Nazir's down period hat seems to coincide with the terrorist's likely location. Estes doesn't seem very interested, particularly given that it's related to Carrie's theory. Jessica takes Chris to his karate match. Carrie has Virgil take him for a drive and they end up at the scene of Walden's announcement. She tells him she thinks "half the government" will be in one spot and this may be the target. He explains that she is no longer working for the CIA and they should leave it alone. She tells him a single sniper doesn't make sense and tells him she's the same person she's always been. She seems to convince him she's onto something. While Brody puts on his explosive vest Dana starts to talk to him from the hallway. She doesn't want him to go. She doesn't have a good feeling about what is happening with Walker and all the security. Brody arms his vest. His car arrives and he meets the Secret Service agent who has been assigned to him. Estes and Walden talk and it seems Estes is also aware of the drone strike. Walden tells him he needs to get Saul to stop snooping. Saul gets word from Galvez that it appears the drone attack has been intentionally wiped from the books. Saul says he's going to follow-up on it himself. Carrie and Virgil are now in the crowd. She's explains that given the security the only way you attack at that event if you're planning on taking all of the high-value targets out at once. We see Walker grab his rifle and position himself at the window. Brody arrives and makes small talk with Gaines. Walden arrives a few seconds later. Walker loads a round into a chamber and fires. He kills Gaines, her blood spraying all over Walden. Everybody is rushed inside. Walker fires two more times, once hitting a window and once hitting an agent. Everybody (including) Brody is moved past the metal detectors. Walker leaves the apartment. Everybody is hustled into a small room. Brody asks about Walden. Saul gets a call from Carrie. She assures him that Gaines was not the target and Walker would not have missed three times. She knows that since Brody is being sequestered with Walden and the other high-value targets he must be the threat. Saul agrees to bring her in to help but instead tells an agent that a woman is acting crazy and needs to be secured. Walden finally arrives in the room and it is locked. Brody nervously pulls the trigger key from his sleeve and walks towards Walden. He flashes to Abu Nazir saying "remember Isa" and flips the switch. But nothing happens. It is not working. Outside Carrie realizes that Saul didn't buy her story. She gets Virgil's keys and takes off. Brody goes to the bathroom and takes off the vest. He start looking at the wires. We see Dana watching the TV report of the shooting. There is a knock at the door. It's Carrie. She tells Dana that her father is working for Walker and she needs to call him on the phone and talk him down. Instead Dana tells 911 that a crazy woman is at her house and yells at Carrie to leave. They argue on the front lawn just as Jessica comes home with Chris. The police arrive and Carrie is takent into custody. While Dana looks on she sees that the phone Carrie brought is still lying on the ground. Brody fixes his vest and puts it back on. He walks back into the room and is a split-second from detonating it when an agent pats him on the back and says his daughter is on the phone. Dana wants to know whether he's coming home. Brody tries to brush her off but she makes him promise to her that he'll be home later. She says she needs him and Brody gets emotional. He hangs up just as Walden leaves the secure room. DAY 3 Jessica asks Brody about pressing charges against Carrie. He says he'll take care of it. Walden meets with Saul. Walden tells Saul he should leave the whole drone thing alone. Saul says that Walden knows that isn't his style. Saul reminds him that he worked for Walden for three years and pulls out videos of torturous interrogation that Walden ordered. Walden asks if he's being blackmailed. Carrie is released from custody. Brody is waiting in the parking lot. Brody assures her that he isn't what she thinks he is and wants her to get help. She gives him her word that she'll leave him alone. Carrie gets into Maggie's car and tells her to take her to the hospital. Saul and Estes watch video of Walden and Estes ordering the drone strike that destroyed Abu Nazir's son's school. Walden knows what he is doing, but thinks the collateral damage is acceptable. Saul tells Estes he's considering going to the newspapers with this information, but Estes knows he won't because it would put too many CIA agents at risk and would be used as a recruitment tool for the enemy. Brody goes looking for his video. He finds it is missing and a second chalk line has been placed on the wall. He goes home and gets his gun. Brody meets Walker, who demands to know what happened. Brody says his vest malfunctioned, but Walker doesn't seem to buy it. Walker has Abu Nazir on an open phone line. Abu Nazir asks to speak with Brody, who tells him that it may be for the best that the initial plan didn't work out. Brody now has access to the next president and may be able to influence policy. Abu Nazir seems to like this idea, but need some assurance of Brody's commitment. He tells Brody to kill Walker and Brody does. At home Brody kisses his kids and thanks Jessica "for everything." TWO DAY LATER Saul storms into the pre-op area of a hospital. He meets with Carrie, who is being prepped for a type of electro-shock therapy. It comes with numerous risks, including short-term memory loss, but Carrie assures him this is what she wants. He says she was right about Abu Nazir and tells her about the drone attack. Dana joins Brody up on the roof of their house. The sit and enjoy the view. Just as Carrie is given her anesthesia she start flashing back to memories of being with Brody. One of them is Brody's nightmares. She recalls him saying "Isa! No!" and realizes that Brody knew Abu Nazir's son. She mumbles "Don't let me forget that" in the direction of Maggie, but nobody really knows what she said. The first shock goes through her body as the season comes to an end. 
 My So-Called Life (19941995)Summaries A 15-year-old girl and her trials and tribulations of being a teenager and dealing with friends, guys, parents, and school. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 