nm0004758:

 Smart Gardening (20042007)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 World News Now (1992 )Summaries Up-to-date information on current events and news from around the world, airing in the overnight hours. Its tone is somewhat lighter than a regular news broadcast, though reports are filed from the usual ABC News correspondents. Weather and pop culture stories round out the reports. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Life Moments (20022003)Summaries Life Moments is a daily, one-hour, reality series featuring relevant and inspirational story telling by and about women and the pivotal moments in their lives. These compelling stories embody the spectrum of the human experience -- the miracle of birth, the romance of weddings and triumphs over adversity. The national host for Life Moments is Emmy-Award winning network news anchor and reporter Asha Blake. The series transcends the boundaries of age, race and religion by telling stories from an array of perspectives as diverse and individual as the women themselves...from a 75 year-old grandmother who fulfills her lifelong dream of graduating from college, to the once homeless youth who overcame adversity to attend Harvard Divinity School. Life Moments - Stories of Hope, stories of Triumph, stories of Inspiration for and about women. Make every moment count. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Later Today (19992000)Summaries Program features a mixture of news, entertainment and issue-related segments, covering everything from medical advice, parenting, and fashion to health, financial matters, cooking and fitness. Dedicated to the news and entertainment industry, Later Today is an hour extension of the Today Show, and features three very talented women, who host the show from 30 Rockefeller Plaza in New York. It's like Today. Only later! Jason Allentoff <jallentoff@monmouth.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 