nm0009608:

 Night of the Living Dead 3D: Re-Animation (2012)Summaries After inheriting the family mortuary, a pyrophobic mortician accidentally exposes hundreds of un-cremated bodies to toxic medical waste. As the corpses re-animate, the mortician's inheritance-seeking younger brother unexpectantly shows up, stumbling upon a full zombie outbreak! Lloyd Luchre This movie is about Gerald Tovar Jr. and his Mortuary which his father left to him after he died. He is taking in bodies and toxic waste which the Government has been dropping there for years for a cash incentive. But the waste oozes on to some of the bodies causing them to become "re-animated", or zombies if you like, which of course causes other problems for the staff that work there. Things start to get out of hand... Michael Hallows Eve In Hinzmaville, the mortician Gerald Tovar Jr. has inherited the mortuary Tovar & Son after the death of his father. Gerald is not happy with the work of his assistant DyeAnne and his Aunt Lou hires Cristie Forrest to be the substitute for DyeAnne. When Gerald's brother, Harold, visits him, Gerald discloses to Harold that the corpses delivered by the U.S. Army are reanimating and he shows the crematory to him full of bodies and body parts. The skeptical Gerald believes that his brother is insane and leaves the place. However, Aunt Lou opens the door and is bitten by a zombie, beginning an outbreak in the mortuary. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 If... Dog... Rabbit (1999)Summaries Johnnie Cooper (Matthew Modine) served time for an armed robbery, in which his father and brother also participated. When he's released from jail, he's determined to live a normal life, and gets work at a gas station. But soon his brother pays a visit. Fredrik Klasson <fredrik.klasson@telia.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 East Side Story (I) (2006)321) The arrival of Anglo newcomers to an East L.A. Latino neighborhood rocks the quiet world of a handsome young local who is torn between the family restaurant and life as a big city chef. East Side Story is the story of Diego (Ren Alvarado), a young, closeted Latino, who helps his grandmother (Irene DeBari) run the family restaurant while carrying on a relationship with equally closeted Pablo (David Bern). Diego has long felt trapped by the conservative culture of East LA and plans to move away and open an upscale restaurant, hopefully with his lover, but Pablo views their relationship very differently - a point driven home when he begins dating Diego's Aunt Bianca (Gladise Jimenez). At the same time, Wesley and his boyfriend move in, gentrifying the neighborhood. The attraction between Wesley and Diego is immediate and electric, forcing both men to reexamine their state of affairs. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In East Los Angeles, handsome, young Diego works at his family's restaurant while secretly having an affair with a hunky but super-closeted real estate agent, Pablo. For the largely Latino neighborhood, the landscape is literally changing as Anglo people move in, including gay couple Wesley and Jonathan. Diego, increasingly frustrated with his hush-hush situation with Pablo (who, making matters worse, romantically pursues a female relative of Diego's), falls for Wesley - but racist and homophobic friends and relatives of Diego while in Wesley's case, a pissy ex-boyfriend guarantee this spring affair will be no picnic. Almost a companion piece to "Quinceaera", director Carlos Portugal's "East Side Story" employs a perfect blend of humor, drama and soap opera-worthy plot twists in telling this very timely tale of a neighborhood - and some of its residents' lives - in flux. 
 The Heartbreak Kid (2007)Summaries A newly wed man who believes he's just gotten hitched to the perfect woman encounters another lady on his honeymoon. Eddie is forty, owns a sporting-goods store, and is still single. After watching his ex-fiance walk down the aisle, he meets Lila, an environmental researcher, who seems too good to be true. Pressured by his father and best friend, Eddie pops the question and marries Lila after only 6 weeks. However, as he almost instantly discovers, his new bride is a nightmare with more baggage than he can handle. She's immature, foolish, a monster in bed, owes a tremendous amount of money to various sources, and as it turns out, is only a volunteer and doesn't actually have a job. While on their honeymoon in Cabo, Eddie meets Miranda, a down-to-earth lacrosse coach who is visiting with her family. Sparks fly, and Eddie falls for her. Now comes the tricky part of breaking off his marriage to crazy Lila, all while keeping the truth from Miranda about why he's in Cabo in the first place... Lex The story centers on a man who is convinced that he has finally met the right girl and marries too quickly. While on his honeymoon and in the process of discovering that his new bride is a nightmare, he meets the girl of his dreams. JustAli25 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 