nm0002964:

 Watch (2002)Summaries A seasoned call girl is offered a way out of the business if she uncovers a blackmail ring in a house of prostitution. An alcoholic ex-school teacher takes a job watching security cameras in the same house. There, he befriends a 13 year old boy left behind years before by his mother. When a blackmail victim murders one of the girls and the bosses move in to violently clean house, the teacher and the call girl risk their lives to save the life of the boy. Anonymous Wanted: Lost Soul to look after 4 woman. 12 hr day/6 day wk/$1300 cash ev'ry Sat. Perfect for someone who likes to "WATCH". Call Dewey. Sound good? It did to Paul Strang, an ex-high school teacher drinking his life away after being nearly killed by a student. But Paul's dream job turns into a nightmare of sex for hire, drugs and violence. Dewey and Catherine manage a rotating stable of prostitutes, They are also secretly taping and blackmailing johns to make enough money to quit the business. Their world comes crashing down after one of the girls is murdered by a blackmail victim. Mitchell Cohen <Rr2mitch2@aol.com> A Chicago North Side brothel is the setting for double-dealing and blackmail when a new madam arrives. An alcoholic former schoolteacher hired as security finds himself a reluctant mentor to Mouse, the impressionable boy ward of the pimp Dewey. Voyeurism is the order all around, as those who watch for pleasure and those paid to watch get more than bargained for when the operations delicate balance of power is skewed by rebellion. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Blind Lead (1996)Summaries Johnny Boy, a psychotic young Chicago playwright, drives to New York to run down a phantom deal. Along for the ride are a drug dealing buddy named Aristotle and Johnny Boy's self-destructive sometimes girlfriend Anita. They hit the road and the road hits back. The drug-fueled all night drive devolves into sadistic mind games, sex games and finally violence. They don't all make it back to Chicago, but they all reach the end of the road. Mitchell Cohen It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Waiting for the Man (1996)Summaries The Chicago Mafia murders one of the bosses named Frank Martel, who had started working for the police. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shut-Eye (2003 Video)Summaries A dark contemporary gangster drama set in Chicago, SHUT-EYE derives its edgy chemistry from conflicted loyalties. Two couples use their insider status at a strip club to plan a robbery they believe will be foolproof. Family ties and mob allegiances become confused as betrayals, reprisals, and changes of heart set the stage for an unexpected climax. This seventh feature by Chicago director Covert uses the freedom of access afforded by the digital camera to emphasize the visceral quality of the story. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 