nm0002492:

 Dreamwalkers (2000 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Evilmaker (2000 Video)Summaries Serena returns home after escaping an abusive relationship to spend time with three of her friends from high school. A weekend at the beach seems like an ideal way to relax and relive the old days with her friends, until their car breaks down near an abandoned house. What starts out as a creepy night turns into three days of hell as they experience terror around every corner while they fight to survive The Evilmaker. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Platoon of the Dead (2009 Video)211) Three soldiers must fight to survive the night in a seemingly abandoned house, when a zombie platoon attacks. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the distant future, man's greatest enemy is one another as the flesh-eating undead wages war against the living! A Marine platoon is ambushed during a mission, leaving only three soldiers alive to fend off the growing army of the living dead. En route to their pickup point, they come across an abandoned house with three mysterious women hiding out inside. If they can make it through the night, they're home free...or so they think, because someone is hiding a dark secret that may alter the course of this gore-drenched war... [D-Man2010] 
 Twisted Illusions 2 (2004)Summaries Anthology sequel in the best TWILIGHT ZONE/CREEPSHOW traditions. 20 years ago, Tim Ritter and Joel Wynkoop started their careers with a little anthology movie called TWISTED ILLUSIONS. Joined by filmmaker John Bowker, they've now come full circle in this exciting and highly-anticipated sequel. In a grand salute to the drive-in era of moviemaking, these skilled auteurs deliver three uniquely TWISTED tales of horror and suspense. John Bowker digs up BETRAYAL, a story of revenge from beyond the grave. Joel D. Wynkoop is a triple threat actor/director/star (co-written by M. Catherine Holseybrook) with his segment called THE PART, following an actor who goes over the edge trying to get a horror movie role. And lastly, writer/director Tim Ritter returns to form with a bizarre 40-minute suspense piece about a woman (scream queen Jasi Cotton Lanier) being stalked by a maniac for the most unorthodox reasons imaginable in DEXTER DEADBEAT. Truly, this is the sequel fans have been waiting for! Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 