nm0010426:

 Priest (2011)651) A priest disobeys church law to track down the vampires who kidnapped his niece. PRIEST, a post-apocalyptic action thriller, is set in an alternative world -- one ravaged by centuries of war between man and vampires. The story revolves around a legendary Warrior Priest from the last Vampire War who now lives in obscurity among the other downtrodden human inhabitants in walled-in dystopian cities ruled by the Church. When his niece is abducted by a murderous pack of vampires, Priest breaks his sacred vows to venture out on a quest to find her before they turn her into one of them. He is joined on his crusade by his niece's boyfriend, a trigger-fingered young wasteland sheriff, and a former Warrior Priestess who possesses otherworldly fighting skills. Screen Gems After centuries of war between men and vampires, the Church assigns warrior-priests to vanquish the vampires. The survivors are kept in reserves and hives and the humans live in chaotic cities ruled by the Church. The warrior-priests are outcast by the Church, afraid of the power of their fighting skill. When Shannon and Owen Pace, who live in an outpost, are slaughtered by vampires and their niece Lucy is abducted, the local sheriff Hicks seeks out Owen's brother, the Priest, to search for Lucy. The Priest asks permission to Monsignor Orelas but he is denied, so the Priest breaks his vows and travels with Hicks to track down the vampires and rescue Lucy before they turn her into a vampire. Soon, a warrior Priestess joins the Priest and Hicks in their quest. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In a dystopian world, the church, in control of "civilized" society within the walls they've built, had once trained priests to combat vampires. That role of the priest was revoked when the church felt that the vampire problem was no more in having confined them. When teenaged Lucy Pace is abducted, signs being that abduction carried out by vampires, her uncle, a priest (hereafter referred to solely as Priest), is determined to find her before she becomes infected. In doing so, Priest goes against the church, which refuses to reinstate his authority as a vampire battler in not believing that there is a vampire problem and which states that in going against the church is going against God. Joining Priest in searching for Lucy is Hicks, a sheriff outside the church walls, he who is in love with Lucy, and Priestess, one of Priest's old colleagues with who he has a special bond. If they are able to find who abducted Lucy, they will discover that their adversary has past ties to them. In the process, a potential problem arises in deciding what to do if they find that Lucy has already been infected, Hicks who will not allow her to die under any circumstance, while Priest is willing to kill her in she no longer being who she was, killing her despite his closer tie to her than he divulges. Huggo In a world ravaged by wars between humans and vampires, a renegade priest fights to rescue his niece from the legions of bloodsuckers who seek to transform the young girl into one of them. A battle-weary veteran of the last vampire war, warrior Priest (Paul Bettany) now resides in a heavily fortified city where the ruling Church is a greater menace than any creature of the night. When a pack of vampires abduct Priest's niece (Lily Collins), the vengeful holy man breaks his vows and promises to save the young innocent from a fate worse than death. He can't do it alone, but with a powerful warrior Priestess (Maggie Q) and his niece's boyfriend, a sharp-shooting sheriff (Cam Gigandet), on his side, Priest may have a fighting chance. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens in Sola Mira Hive, where Priest (Paul Bettany), Priestess (Maggie Q) and Black Hat (Karl Urban) hunt vampires. They are caught in a trap, and Black Hat is captured by vampires. An animated story gives the background - man vs. vampire, destroying each other and the land. Man withdrew behind the safety of the church, and are defended by priests, men with extraordinary abilities. After the vampires were defeated, the priests were sent back into the general population, no longer needed. Owen Pace (Stephen Moyer) lives on a farm in the wasteland with his wife Shannon (Madchen Amick) and daughter Lucy (Lily Collins). The land is arid, but he has hopes that the radiation levels will soon be low enough to plant crops. Lucy is resentful of their sheltered existence, and during dinner, vampires attack. Owen is hurt and Shannon is killed, and Lucy screams. In the futuristic Cathedral City, church messages from Monsignor Orelas (Christopher Plummer) are broadcast to the public, as Priest walks through the crowds. He goes to confession, but the advice is a recording. On the way home, Hicks (Cam Gigandet) tells Priest his brother Owen was attacked. He goes on to say that he's going after the vampires, and asks Priest to help him. Priest goes the church to ask to go after the vampires. Orelas doesn't believe that it was vampires, and warns Priest not to question the church's faith. Priest breaks his vow. Lucy is imprisioned on a train, and Black Hat is her captor. Priest arms himself and hops on a futuristic cycle to travel to the wasteland. He visits his brother's place, and meets up with Hicks. They go to see Owen, and he asks Priest to recsue Lucy and kill all the vampires. Meanwhile, Monsignor Orelas sends a posse of priests after Priest to capture or kill him. Priest begins to track the vampires. They arrive at a vampire reservation, and find the guards gone. Priest and Hicks enter the underground hive and find the guards, dead. Hicks is attacked by familiars, and Priest takes them apart. The sun goes down, and the vampires emerge. They fight them off, and a familiar tells them Lucy has been taken west, to the Sola Mira Hive. An informant tells Black Hat about Priest and Hicks, and Black Hat turns him. Priest and Hicks arrive at the Hive, which brings flashbacks to Priest. He leaves Hicks at the entrance, and moves deeper into the hive. Along the way, he finds the Priestess, and they battle a hive guardian. Hicks helps them kill it. They track the vampire army to the town of Jericho, where the Black Hat's train is. Black Hat's army is killing the inhabitants, and the rest of the chuch posse tries to stop him. By the time Priest, Hicks and Priestess arrive, the town is deserted. The other priests are crucified, and Prist realizes the vampires are headed to the city. They plan to head off the train, stop the vampires, and rescue Lucy. Priestess and Priest share a moment, and she gives him a special cross. On the way to the train, Hicks learns that Lucy is Priest's daughter. Priest and Hicks get on the train, and Priestess drives ahead to blow the tracks. On top of the train Black Hat confronts Priest, and tells him how he became a human vampire - through the blood of the Queen. Black Hat is now stronger than Priest. Priestess fights off familiars on motorcycles, but one of them has destroyed the detonator for the explosives. Hicks fights his way through vampires, and finds Lucy. Priest joins him, and they pursue. Black Hat attacks and knocks Hicks off the train. Hicks finds a motorcycle and gives chase. Black Hat nails Priest to a wall and sets him on fire. Priestess arms the explosives and drives her motorcycle to the train. Meanwhile, Priest arms himself with her special cross and throws it at Black Hat. He rescues Lucy, and Priestess' bomb destroys the train. Hicks arrives and finds Priest holding Lucy. She realizes Priest is her father, and even Priestess has survived. Priest returns to the church and throws a vampire head at the feet of Orelas. He tells Orelas that the war is just beginning, and rejoins Priestess in the hunt for vampires. End. 
 Spawn (19971999)Summaries After being betrayed and murdered by his employer, a government trained assassin is resurrected as a Hellspawn, then being forced to act as the reluctant leader of Hell's army. A government trained assassin in life, A vengeful hellspawn in death. Brought back from the dead to join Hell's army and release his carnage on anyone that may get in his way. Heaven and Hell battle for his already torn soul, while he wanders the alleys protecting the innocent and destroying the corrupt who disrupt the lives of the innocent. In the meantime he faces the tragedy of his death and the fact that he has been sent to Hell and he must also face the reality of losing his wife to an old friend. Daniel M. <bonethugs@bigfoot.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moneyball (2011)651) Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane's successful attempt to assemble a baseball team on a lean budget by employing computer-generated analysis to acquire new players. Oakland A's GM Billy Beane is handicapped with the lowest salary constraint in baseball. If he ever wants to win the World Series, Billy must find a competitive advantage. Billy is about to turn baseball on its ear when he uses statistical data to analyze and place value on the players he picks for the team. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) In 2001, General Manager Billy Beane's Oakland A's lose to the Yankees in the playoffs then lose three stars to free agency. How can Beane field a competitive team when the A's player salaries total less than a third of the rich teams'? To the consternation of his scouts, Beane hires and listens to Peter Brand, a recent Yale grad who evaluates players using Bill James' statistical approach. Beane assembles a team of no names who, on paper, can get on base and score runs. Then, Beane's manager, Art Howe, won't use the players as Beane wants. Can Beane circumvent Howe, win games, make it to the 2002 Series, and stand baseball's hidebound conventions on their heads? <jhailey@hotmail.com> The Oakland A's end their 2001 season with a loss in the AL fifth game of a best of five elimination series, still an admirable accomplishment seeing as the A's are considered a poor team with a payroll one-third of that of a rich team like the New York Yankees. During the off season, they lose three of their star players through free agency, most problematic being first baseman Jason Giambi . Without more money which he doesn't get from owner Stephen Schott, the A's GM, Billy Beane , knows that they will never win the World Series as richer teams will always be able to pilfer their best players - ones they have been able to nurture - with more lucrative contracts. Billy knows they have to think differently about how to replace the three, looking at what they require in combination rather than looking at the three as individuals, which is different than the way scouts have looked at players over the sport's history. In a meeting with Cleveland Indians management about players, Billy meets Peter Brand, a quiet Yale Economics graduate, who works for the Indians doing player analysis. Upon questioning Peter later in private, Billy realizes that purely academic Peter has much the same thought process as he does. Billy hires him as the A's Assistant GM after receiving what he considers the correct answer to Billy's question on his own checkered past as a first round 1979 draft pick which led to notoriety as a failure as a player. But once on the payroll, Peter convinces Billy to look at the entire dugout, and acquire undervalued players for what they can do in order for the team to win. As an example, they acquire former catcher Scott Hatteberg , whose career is seen as being over by all other teams due to an elbow injury that doesn't allow him to throw. Although not a hitter, they acquire him for his ability to "get on base" in whatever way required (usually by walks), and plan to teach him how to play first base, a generally non-throwing position. These moves don't sit well with the A's scouting team and sports analysts. Problematic is that the A's Manager, Art Howe , who also doesn't agree with or understand the strategy, refuses to listen to Billy about how best to manage the team as assembled. Billy knows that his and Peter's jobs are on the line if they don't produce, which he realizes means nothing less than winning the World Series. But more important to Billy is to show the world of baseball that his way is the right way. Huggo Bennett Miller's adaptation of Michael Lewis' non-fiction best seller Moneyball stars Brad Pitt as Billy Beane, a one-time phenom who flamed out in the big leagues and now works as the GM for the Oakland Athletics, a franchise that's about to lose their three best players to free agency. Because the team isn't in a financial position to spend as much as perennial favorites like the Yankees and the Red Sox, Beane realizes he needs to radically change how he evaluates what players can bring to the squad. After he meets Peter Brand (Jonah Hill), an Ivy League economics major working as an executive assistant for scouting on another team, Beane realizes he's found the man who understands how to subvert the system of assessing players that's been in place for nearly a century. However, as the duo begin to acquire players that seem too old, injured, or inept to play major-league baseball, they face stiff resistance from both the A's longtime scouts and the team's manager Art Howe (Philip Seymour Hoffman), who outright refuses to allow Beane's more-nontraditional acquisitions to play. When Billy gets his fired for his actions, Peter Brand (Jonah Hill) becomes GM and is the greatest GM ever. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Oakland Athletics baseball team won many games and succeeded in reaching the "Playoffs" games of the 2001 post-season. When they lose the elimination games against the Yankees, their general manager Billy Beane ( Brad Pitt ) is very disappointed. He knows that several good players will soon be leaving the team: i.e. star players Johnny Damon ( Johnny Damon ), Jason Giambi ( Jason Giambi ), and Jason Isringhausen. Beane negotiates for replacement players in the hope of assembling a competitive team for the following year, but the teams budget for payroll is limited. During a visit to the Cleveland Indians, Beane meets Peter Brand ( Jonah Hill ). Brand says that he is a Yale economics graduate. Beane sees that Brand has radical ideas about assessing players' value. Beane tests Brand's theory by asking whether Brand would have drafted him. Despite the fact that Beane was a Major League player before becoming general manager, and scouts considered Beane a phenomenal player, Brand says that he would not have drafted Beane until the ninth round. He adds that Beane would probably have gone to college instead. Sensing opportunity, Beane hires Brand as the Athletics' assistant general manager. The team's scouts are first dismissive of and then hostile towards Brand's non-traditional ideas for scouting players. Rather than relying on the scouts' experience and intuition, Brand selects players based almost exclusively on their on base percentage (OBP). By finding players with a high OBP but characteristics that lead scouts to dismiss them, Brand assembles a team of undervalued players with far more potential than the A's hamstrung finances would otherwise allow. Despite vehement objections from the scouts, Beane supports Brand's theory and hires the players he selected, such as unorthodox submarine pitcher Chad Bradford ( Casey Bond ). Following the free agent signings, Beane finds that he also faces opposition from Art Howe ( Philip Seymour Hoffman ), the Athletics' manager. With tensions already high between them because of a contract dispute, Howe disregards Beane and Brand's strategy and plays the team in a traditional style despite their unsuitability. Beane is eventually forced to trade away the lone traditional star player, Carlos Pea ( Gerardo Celasco ), to force Howe to use the new recruits. Early in the season, the Athletics fare poorly, leading critics within and outside the team to dismiss the new method as a dismal failure. Beane convinces the owner to stay the course, and eventually the team's record begins to improve. Ultimately, the Athletics win an unprecedented 20 consecutive games, setting the American League record. Their streak is capped with a victory over the Kansas City Royals. Like many baseball players, Beane is superstitious and avoids attending or sometimes even following games as they are in progress. His family convinces him to go to the A's game against the Royals, as Oakland is already leading 11 to 0 after the third inning and appears set to continue their winning streak. Beane arrives, only to watch the team go to pieces and allow the Royals to even the score. Finally, the A's do clinch the victory with a walk-off home run by one of Brand's picks, Scott Hatteberg ( Chris Pratt ). Despite all their success, the A's lose in the first round of the postseason, this time to the Minnesota Twins. Beane is disappointed, but satisfied at having demonstrated the value of his and Brand's methods. In closing, the film notes that Beane passed up the opportunity to become the general manager of the Boston Red Sox, despite an offer of $12.5 million a year salary, which would have made him the highest paid GM in baseball history. Also noted is Boston's World Series victory soon after in 2004, based on the theories that Beane pioneered. 
 South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut (1999)761) When Stan Marsh and his friends go see an R-rated movie, they start cursing and their parents think that Canada is to blame. When four boys in South Park Stan Marsh, Kyle and his stepbrother Ike Broflovski, Eric Cartman, and Kenny McCormick sees an R-rated movie featuring Canadians "Terrance & Phillip: Asses of Fire", they are pronounced "corrupted", and Kyle's mom Sheila with the rest of the parents pressure the United States to wage war against Canada for World War 3! It's all up to Stan, Kyle and Cartman to save Terrence and Phillip before Satan and his lover Saddam Hussein from Hell rules the world and it'll be the end of the whole world. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} When Stan invites Kyle, Kyle's brother Ike, Cartman and Kenny to an R-rated movie starring their two favorite comedians, Terrance and Phillip, the boys teach their friends the cuss words they learned from the movie. After getting sent to the counselor's office, Kyle's mother, Sheila, is outraged by the movie, she starts a group that is against Canada. Canada now is at war with the United States, after being discriminated at for far too long. With Terrance and Phillip captured and sentenced to be executed, the boys must try to save the two Canadians in order to stop Satan and Sadam Hussan from ruling the world. emauger1 Stan Marsh, Eric Cartman, Kyle Broflovski, and Kenny McCormick see an R rated movie from Canada starring Terrance and Phillip, the quartet's favorite comedians. They suddenly learn obscene phrases from the movie, causing ALL the other children in South Park to see that movie. After discussing the swearing conflict with Mr. Mackey, Shelia Broflovski is against Terrance and Phillip, which suddenly leads to a massive war against the Canadians for corrupting children! The boys must venture out to prevent a serious conflict of the world being ruled by Saddam Hussein and Satan. Southpark is a quiet and peaceful place until the latest Terrance and Philip movie comes out. Once all the kids see it, all hell breaks loose, as the parents try to find a way to stop their kids from saying all the naughty words coming out of their mouths. The parents blame Terrance and Philip, place them under Citizen's Arrest, and declare war on their home country, Canada. It is up to the kids to save the world from Satan and keep Terrance and Philip from being executed Anonymous In the sleepy town of South Park, four children cause an total disturbance when they see an 'R' rated Canadian film, the 'Terrance and Phillip Movie'. Watching this, the bad language 'warps their fragile little minds'. Soon all the children watch it and the bad language gets out of hand. When their mothers finally form a union to kill Terrance and Phillip, it is up to Carl, Cartman, Stan and Kenny to prevent the killing of Terrance and Phillip to prevent Satan and Sadam Hussein ruling the world. Ratter Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, Kenny McCormick and Eric Cartman are eager to see the new Terrance and Phillip film, "Asses of Fire." However, they soon learn that due to the film's language, it is rated R, and they need a parent or adult guardian to attend. The boys get around this by bribing a homeless man to purchasing the tickets for them. After seeing the film, the boys go to Stark's Pond, where they soon convince the other kids to see the film too. While at the pond, Stan gets the feeling that his girlfriend Wendy Testaburger, may be infatuated with a new kid named Gregory. Eventually, Stan confides in Chef, about what he can do to make Wendy happy. This leads to Chef offhandedly saying Stan needs to "find the clitoris," puzzling him over what the school chef means. Soon, the language the kids have heard from the film spills over into the school, soon causing a ban on the kids wearing anything related to Terrance and Phillip. Eventually, a number of parents speak out about the film, with the most vocal being Kyle's mom, Sheila. Though the Canadian Prime Minister on a news program does mention the film's rating, Sheila feels more needs to be done. Eventually, guidance counselor Mr Mackey leads the kids in an exercise to get them to say less-naughty words. However, this does not deter the kids from sneaking in to see "Asses of Fire." After another viewing, Cartman dares Kenny to light a fart on fire. This ends up causing Kenny to become horribly burned, and he dies in the hospital, while the boys are further reprimanded for seeing the movie again. Unseen by everyone, Kenny's soul goes to Hell, where he encounters Satan, and soon finds out that Saddam Hussein (who had recently been killed by a pack of wild boars), is his lover. Meanwhile, Terrance and Phillip are ambushed on the Conan O'Brian show, and placed under citizen's arrest by Sheila and a number of other parents. When Canada's demand that the two entertainers be released is not taken seriously, the country bombs the house of the Baldwin family. This is seen as a declaration of war by the President of the United States, and a plan is put under attack to attack Canada, and have Terrance and Phillip executed live on television. A newly-designed "V-chip" electrically curbs Cartman's use of profanity, much to his disgust. In a showstopping full-cast production number, The four boys form an underground movement called "La Resistance" to rescue T&P from electrocution (during a USO show) before America's planned troop surge into Canada. Many town residents have joined the Army, including Chef, whose segregated unit is expected to serve as cannon fodder in "Operation Human Shield", much to Chef's disgust. In Hell, Satan grows increasingly unhappy over continually taking mental abuse from the eternally-horny Saddam Hussein. "La Resistance" mounts a rocky but ultimately successful rescue attempt during the USO show ("Just remember what the MPAA says--'Horrific, deplorable violence is OKAY, as long as people DON'T SAY ANY NAUGHTY WORDS!' "). After the Canadian army's surprise invasion and subsequent horrific battle, Terence and Philip are shot. Once their innocent blood touches the ground, Satan and his minions, and Saddam, come out of Hell to begin conquering Earth. Saddam usurps Satan's prerogative and tries to take over all by himself and is attacked by Cartman, whose V-chip has malfunctioned so that he shoots lightning every time he says a bad word. Encouraged by Kenny, Satan puts Saddam down once and for all, and restores everything on Earth to the way it was before T&P were killed. The boys' mothers learn to blame their own foul-mouthed children rather than "blaming Canada", and everyone rejoices as Kenny gets into Heaven in the big musical finale. 