nm0000150:

 The Frighteners (1996)761) After a tragic car accident that kills his wife, a man discovers he can communicate with the dead to con people. However, when a demonic spirit appears, he may be the only one who can stop it from killing the living and the dead. After a car accident in which his wife, Debra, was killed and he was injured, Frank Bannister develops psychic abilities allowing him to see, hear, and communicate with ghosts. After losing his wife, he then gave up his job as an architect, letting his unfinished "dream house" sit incomplete for years, and put these skills to use by befriending a few ghosts and getting them to haunt houses in the area to drum up work for his ghostbusting business; Then Frank proceeds to "exorcise" the houses for a fee. But when he discovers that an entity resembling the Grim Reaper is killing people, marking numbers on their forehead beforehand, Frank tries to help the people whom the Reaper is after! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> Due to a trauma, Frank has the ability to see ghosts, and he uses his trio of phantom helpers, Cyrus, Stuart, and The Judge to frighten people. Frank then sweeps in and "exorcises" the home. Frank's involvement in Fairwater's dilemma changes when he meets Dr. Lucy Lynskey and her husband, Ray. After "cleaning" the Lyskey's home, Frank sees a number carved into Ray's forehead. Soon after, Ray dies. After seeing another individual with a number on their head, Frank encounters a spectral, hooded figure who seemingly kills at random. With the help of his ghostly pals, Frank pursues this ghastly creature. Meanwhile, Lucy is investigating the Patricia Bradley, a woman who was involved in a mass-murder as a teenager, and has been experiencing ghostly attacks. Despite the fact that the police, and FBI Agent Dammers want to pin the murders on Frank, he and Lucy realize that something supernatural and sinister is happening in Fairwater and will stop at nothing to find the truth. w1cht3l After the traumatic experience of losing his beloved wife Debra in a car accident, the architect Frank Bannisteracquires the ability of seeing ghosts. He quits his profession; abandons the construction of his dream house to live with Debra and becomes a con man, using the ghosts Cyrus, Stuart and The Judge to haunt houses and then charging the dwellers to exorcise their homes. Dr. Lucy Lynskey visits the reclusive Patricia Ann Bradley, who was a former delinquent and girlfriend of the serial-killer Johnny Bartlett that lives with her mother, she notes that Patricia has bruises. Lucy returns home and together with her husband Ray Lynskey, they are haunted by a poltergeist. She calls Frank and soon Ray has a heart attack. Lucy meets Frank in a restaurant and he realizes that Soul Collector is marking numbers in the forehead of his victims before killing them. Frank becomes prime suspect of the police due to his knowledge about the murders and he is arrested. Meanwhile the psychotic FBI agent Milton Dammers comes to the city to investigate the murder cases. When Frank finds that Lucy will be the next victim of the Reaper, he takes the ultimate decision to fight the entity to save her. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Frank Bannister is a man who goes around town claiming that he can talk with and see ghosts, though while he can, some believe (though he is, in fact) a common con-man who gets ghosts to make it appear though there is a haunting in whichever house is chosen, wherein he sweeps into action and pretends to remove the ghosts. All this goes on until one day strange deaths start occurring all throughout town and Frank ponders this, while his love interest, Lucy Lynskey, whose husband had only just died of the same cause, goes to the house of a deranged old woman who keeps her grown-up daughter locked up, saying that it is for the good of everyone else. Soon, it is revealed that even the ghosts themselves can see the force that is killing everyone off; a deceased mass murderer come back from Hell itself to continue killing. It is therefore up to Frank, Lucy, as well as two ghosts, to find out how to end the fiendish ghost from killing any more, while all the while trying to shake off a deranged detective from arresting them both. Theshapeshifter After a tragic accident, Frank Bannister uses his new psychic powers to con people into "exorcising" their houses. But when an evil spirit appears, Frank may be the only one who can stop this "Reaper" that can kill both the living and dead. smcarter1966 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Important note - There is a Theatrical version and a Director's Cut of the movie. The Director's cut runs 14 minutes longer and this synopsis caters for both versions. A thunderstorm filled, rainy night in the small town of Fairwater. A woman called Patricia Bradley (Dee Wallace) is been chased by a mysterious entity around the old-looking house in which she lives with her mother (Julianna Mcarthy). Patricia is screaming and fearing for her life. Her mother appears from her bedroom with a pump action shotgun and shoots the mysterious figure as its shape appears through the carpet at the top of the stairs. Some of the residents of Fairwater are gathering for a funeral in the community as the local newspaper editor Magda Rees Jones (Elizabeth Hawthorne) and her assistant are reporting the story of another seemingly innocent death amongst the residents. Psychic investigator Frank Bannister (Michael Andrew Fox) arrives at the funeral trying desperately to advertise his services. As he leaves in his wrecked and dirty looking Volkswagen, his reckless driving causes him to nearly hit an on-coming truck. As he swerves to miss it, he crashes straight through a garden fence. Ray Lynskey (Peter Dobson) comes out of his house infuriated and threatens to sue him for the damages. Frank gives him his business card and drives off after deliberately driving over one of Ray's garden gnomes. On the other side of town Ray's wife Doctor Lucy Lynskey (Trini Alvarado), visits the Bradley house to treat Patricia's cuts. She bandages her hand and tells her that she needs to take her to hospital but her mother (Julianna McCarthy) refuses to let her go. She tells her that she never leaves the house and to just give her some antibiotics. Lucy notices how timid and fragile Patricia is and as she gets ready to leave, she notices some bruising around her neck. Patricia's mother rushes Lucy out of the house and tells her that her daughter is not to be trusted. She was involved in cold-blooded murder. Becoming intrigued by Patricia's history, Lucy watches a documentary about the notorious serial killer Johnny Bartlett (Jake Busey). "In the space of 27 blood-soaked minutes, 12 innocent people gunned down by hospital orderly John Charles Bartlett. Patients, medical staff, visitors, no one was spared in this madman's rampage through Fairwater Sanatorium.Not even the hospital chapel provided sanctuary,as those in prayer were gunned down on their knees. A seemingly senseless crime, Bartlett's motive remains a mystery to this day. Six years earlier Charles Starkweather had murdered 11 people in a Nebraska killing spree". The black and white footage shows the horrific scenes at the hospital of the victims and the families, as well as the footage of Bartlett being escorted to court by the police boasting about his disgusting act. "Fifteen year-old Patricia Ann Bradley, daughter of the hospital administrator, was also implicated in the killings. She was madly in love with the psychopath Bartlett. 2,200 volts of electricity ended the life of Johnny Bartlett, the unrepented killer. As they threw the switch he was heard to scream: I got me a score of twelve. Beat that!" In what some consider a miscarriage of justice, Patricia Ann Bradley was sentenced to life imprisonment although it was never proven that she actively participated in the killings. Five years ago, Patricia Bradley was granted a conditional release by the State Governor. Today she lives a reclusive life back in the family home".... Ray gets sick of listening to it and switches off the TV. He joins Lucy on the bed. (Director's cut) He tells her that he's booked their most favorite table at the Excalibur themed restaurant for their wedding anniversary. He starts to kiss her ,but he sees Frank's card that he's positive he tore up and the bed starts rocking and shaking with Lucy on it. It hovers up in the air as the couple panic. Objects start flying everywhere in the kitchen. Lucy calls Frank and he arrives to rid the house of the supernatural. Instead of charging the couple,he offers to do it in return for not having to pay for the damaged fence.Ray reluctantly agrees and Frank uses his "equipment" to capture the spooks and pours them down the sink. As he is packing his stuff up,he is shocked to see a glowing number 37 on Ray's forehead. Lucy cannot see this and Ray kicks Frank out of the house. Frank arrives at his home to his half-built house that he hasn't finished working on. As he gets out of is car,a spirit exits the trunk - a young, 1950's nerd called Stuart (Jim Fyfe), followed by a 1970's, afro-haired ghost called Cyrus (Chi Mcbride). The ghosts are Frank's associates who help him con the local residents by haunting their homes, so that Frank can step in and reap the rewards. While Stuart is just about to join them in the house, Frank closes the door and he gets stuck because his ectoplasm has become too stiff. Frank asks them if they had anything to do with the glowing number appearing on Ray's head but the spirits don't know what he's talking about. (Director's cut) Cyrus helps pull Stuart through the door. The pair of them moan about Frank took their helps as granted and had not giving them enough respect.The next morning,Frank is having a shower and Cyrus pops his head up through the plughole and tells him that he and Stuart want a business meeting in the kitchen. Cyrus and Stuart are talking to Frank in the kitchen about how he doesn't appreciate their loyal service. As they are talking, gunshots go off, as another spirit, a judge from the 1800's (John Astin) enters the room trying to shoot the ghost dog Rhustler as he gnaws on his jawbone. Frank gets his jaw back and tells him to put his guns away. (Director's cut) Frank cuts some wood off from the roof of his house for his fireplace. He sits looking through the newspaper, trying to find people that have recently lost family, while The Judge contemplates going off into the graveyard to rest his decrepit body. Frank tells him he needs him his help in order to finish his house but The Judge tells him to stop with his scheming ways and to stop using death to make a living. (Director's cut) Frank walks out of the living room and is horrified to see a Grim Reaper figure moving down the stairs towards him. The figure moves in close to him but it is only Cyrus and Stuart underneath a cape. They tell him they are trying to figure out different ways to scare people but Frank isn't amused and walks off angry. The next morning Frank receives a letter from his bank informing him that he owes $16,000 dollars. He needs some money fast and he calls the spirits for a meeting demanding that they up their antics to really frighten people. Cyrus and Stuart arrive at a rich woman's house and start causing fear by picking up the resident's babies and scaring the mother and her maid as they see the babies hovering through the air. Again they leave one of Frank's business cards. Frank gets the phone call and sets off. (Director's cut) Frank is trying to drive to the house as fast as he can but he keeps getting stuck in traffic because the roads are blocked with funeral cars. The Judge is sat in the passenger's seat and tells him that there is something very sinister dawning over Fairwater. But Frank isn't interested in what he's saying.He impatiently and recklessly pulls out into the line of funeral cars and dodges around the traffic. He pulls up outside the house and tells Judge to wait for him. Frank walks into the house and attempts to pull off his scheme but the woman is not interested. She has in her hand the local newspaper which shows a picture of Frank with the headline "Local conman haunts cemetery". Frank is angry. He confronts Magda Rees Jones at the local Gazette about printing the story but she tells him he is a parasite who makes money off of the bereaved and she has every right to let people know about him. He leaves and he sees that another funeral is taking place.He sees Lucy in one of the cars crying. As he walks off down the street he is shocked to see Ray running towards him. But not in human form. Ray is now dead. His spirit runs straight into him. Ray is panicking and can't understand how he's died so young and fit. He tells Frank that just before he died he felt his heart been crushed while he was working out. Frank tries to explain the rules of the afterlife to him. Ray asks Frank to give him a ride to his funeral. (Director's cut) As Frank pulls up to the graveyard in his car, Ray (not yet used to being a spirit) has trouble grabbing hold of the door handle to get out. Frank pushes him through the car door and he lands on the ground. They walk through the graveyard and Ray is petrified as he witnesses many spirits roaming the grounds. Drill Sergeant Hiles (R.Lee Ermey), the watchful spirit of the other ghosts, walks out of his tomb and orders the ghosts to get back in their graves. Frank knows there will be trouble. He tells Ray to go on ahead while he talks to the angry sergeant. The two have a fight but with Hiles's supernatural abilities, Frank has no chance.While Hiles shouts to tell the inhbitants of the graveyard who's in charge, Frank goes off to join Ray at his funeral. As Ray becomes very emotional at his tragic death, he falls into the grave as he tries to put his arms around Lucy. He is horrified as he lays on top of his own corpse. As the mourners start to leave the graveside,sheriff Walt Perry (Troy Evans) arrives to talk to Frank. Apart from Lucy, he was the last person to see Ray alive and he wants to know what condition he seemed to be in when he saw him. He says that the FBI are becoming very concerned about the amount of deaths that are happening in the town - many of the victims are healthy and have clean arteries when the autopsy has taken place but their hearts look as though they have been squeezed. Frank tries to get rid of Walt by pretending that he wants to pay his respects to Ray, in order to pull Ray's spirit out of his grave. Walt is alarmed to see Frank physically grappling with thin air and seemingly talking to nothing. As Frank and Ray get ready to leave, an emotional Lucy approaches and tells Frank that she believes in his paranormal gifts. He tells her that he has in fact communicated with Ray. Frank has dinner with Lucy and the deceased Ray at the Excalibur themed restaurant and acts as a communicator between the two of them. But Ray becomes increasingly frustrated as his wife seems to start bonding with Frank throughout the evening. She asks him why he can see spirits and Frank tells her that he was in a car accident five years earlier and sometimes a traumatic experience can alter a person's perception. Lucy opens up too. She tells Frank that her and Ray's marriage was not a happy one and just as Frank tries to console her by grabbing her hand, Ray angrily knocks over a glass of wine into Frank's lap. Thrilled that he can now use make physical contact with the real world, Ray threatens Frank and disappears. Frank goes to the bathroom to dry his trousers. A man enters and Frank is shocked to once again see a glowing number on the man's head reading 38. Frank becomes increasingly edgy as he sees The Grim Reaper figure appear and kill the man by reaching into his chest and squeezing his heart. The man's corpse drops to the floor and Frank watches as the gateway to Heaven opens up and the man's spirit goes off to the other side. Frank rushes out of the restaurant and pursues The Reaper. Lucy is escorted to the Sheriff's office by one of Sheriff Perry's deputies as a witness to the situation. Walt is told that witnesses saw Frank rushing out of the restaurant before the dead man was found. He tells his men to bring Frank in. Frank chases the Reaper in his car with Stuart, Cyrus and The Judge. He tries his best to kill it but his car just goes straight through the caped figure and it once again eludes him. FBI agent Milton Dammers (Jeffrey Combs) arrives at the Sheriff's office to meet Walt and Lucy. He believes that Frank is behind the killings. He tells them about the incident that happened five years earlier when Frank and his wife had the car crash. They discovered that Debra's dead body was found 15 yards from the car with a number 13 carved in her forehead and after the body was found, Frank was picked up wandering the forest claiming to have no recollection of the incident. Frank tracks down The Reaper at the museum where the 39th life has been taken. Frank sees on Magda Reese-Jones's forehead a number 40 glowing. She is going to be the next target. He tries to warn her but two deputy sheriffs arrive to arrest him. The Reaper appears but the officers have their guns pointed at Frank. The Judge appears and shoots The Reaper and it disappears. Cyrus and Stuart start to make people scared in the museum in order to cause a diversion for Frank to get away. In the commotion, Frank punches Magda and knocks her out, in order to carry her out to his car to safety. He drives away but The Reaper is in pursuit and forces Frank to crash his car in the vicinity where Debra died years earlier. Magda crawls from the car trying to escape from Frank who she believes to be psychotic. Frank tries to get her to listen to him but he is dazed and confused as the Reaper plunges towards her and crushes her heart. Frank jumps towards it but it disappears again and he is lying face down on her corpse. The gateway to Heaven opens and Magda's spirit jumps from her body and accuses of Frank of being a sick murderer who is responsible for her and his wife's death. Frank arrives at the sheriff's office and tells them what has happened. When Walt asks him if he had anything to do with Magda's death, he doesn't answer and he is arrested on suspicion of murder. Lucy doesn't believe it and storms out as Frank is taken through to the interrogation room followed by Dammers. (Director's cut) Lucy goes out to her car and sits inside trying to get her head around things. Ray appears on the back seat - his spirit now decaying from dripping ectoplasm. Dammers and Walt are sat in the interrogation room with Frank who looks demoralized. Dammers calls him a dangerous man but Walt refuses to believe that Frank is behind the murders. Dammers uses his power of authority to tell Walt to get out of the room while he questions Frank. Frank tells Dammers that he is not a murderer and that he can communicate with the other side. He has seen the figure of Death killing people by reaching into their chests but Dammers doesn't believe any of it and believes Frank to be responsible for the crimes. (Director's cut) Cyrus and Stuart walk into the sheriff's and start to walk through the walls of the cells to find Frank. They eventually get to his cell and try to talk to him but Frank is silent. Cyrus tells Stuart that he can't even see them anymore. He's so traumatised he's stopped believing. Dammers looks through the narrow opening of the prison door observing Frank. He tells the deputy that he doesn't even expect him to make it until the trial. He's expecting him to commit suicide. Lucy goes to Frank's house to see if she can find any evidence to clear his name. As she wanders around, Ray is looking too. (Director's cut) Ray sees on the fridge some labels describing the layout of his and Lucy's house. He realises that Frank was using his psychic abilities to con them. One of the sticky labels gets stuck to his fingers.He tries to shake it off and as he does, Lucy sees it floating towards the back garden in the wind. She walks outside and sees a nice looking garden, which Frank has made in memory of his wife in place of the basketball court. The phone rings and the answering machine picks up the message. It's Old Mrs.Bradley trying to tell Frank about her fears for her daughter Patricia. Lucy believes the mother to be dangerous and after hearing her message, heads over to their house. She hides in the bushes outside as the old lady walks out to get rid of the garbage bags. She sneaks inside, looking for Patricia. Ray walks to the house and because of his abilities the house transforms into a weird shape from his point of view. He can sense there is danger lurking inside. Patricia is at the top of the stairs and tells Lucy they need to hide. As her mother walks back in, the two of them rush into her bedroom. Lucy tells Patricia that she needs to get away and start a new life for herself. She sees an urn on the side. They are Patricia's father's ashes. He had killed himself after discovering that Patricia had been involved with a serial killer. She hears her mum coming up the stairs and tells Lucy to hide in the wardrobe. She just gets inside as her mother enters. Patricia offers to make her a cup of tea and they walk out. Lucy finds a Stanley knife in the wardrobe with the initials F.B. She realises that it's Frank's that Dammers had told her had gone missing after Debra's death. Lucy slowly walks down the stairs to sneak out. The Urn starts to glow and a figure appears in the wall behind Lucy trying to sneak up. Lucy, oblivious to the threat, rushes out of the house as Ray walks in to try and protect her. His face is sliced off by the figure's hand and as Lucy gets into her car, Ray's deformed spirit is tossed onto the hood of the car. Lucy goes to see Frank in his cell and tells him that Old Mrs. Bradley must be responsible for Debra's death. She's found his knife in her bedroom and she's crazy enough to do something like that. Frank is still in a quiet, depressed state. He hugs Lucy and he sees Cyrus and Stuart enter the room. But as he looks Lucy in the face, the number 41 glows on her forehead. He realises she is the next victim. The Reaper appears through the cell door and tries to kill her. With the help of Stuart and Cyrus, he tries to protect her in the confines of the cell. Lucy shouts for the deputy to come and unlock the door. Stuart is dissolved by the Reaper's sythe. As Frank hears the cell door unlock, he kicks the door into the deputy's head and knocks him out, so that he can escape with Lucy. Dammers walks around the corner and draws his gun. Lucy rushes up to him and tells him that Frank is crazy, as Cyrus battles the Reaper. Lucy uses a fire extinguisher to spray at Dammers to protect Frank. Cyrus's soul is taken by the Reaper and Frank takes Dammers's gun and runs out of the precinct with Lucy. He tells her that he must kill himself in order to become a spirit and protect her. He is ready to put a bullet in his head, but she tells him not to and instead helps him have a near death experience by means of hypothermia and using barbiturates to slow his heart rate. At the medical centre, Frank goes to sit in the cryogenics room and waits to slowly die as Lucy gets the equipment prepared to revive him within several minutes. But Dammers appears in the room armed with an uzi machine gun. He thinks Frank deserves to die for his supposed crimes and abducts Lucy to stop her from reviving him. Frank's spirit emerges from his dead body and the gateway to Heaven opens for him but he walks away to try and find Lucy. Dammers handcuffs Lucy in the back of one of the sheriff's cars and drives off. Frank pursues them. As he tries to get used to his abilities, he sees he Reaper rapidly jumping and flying through the town to try and approach Lucy in the car. Just as the Reaper launches onto the roof of the car, Frank flies down and knocks it onto the road. A car zooms down the road and crashes into Frank and smashes him into tiny pieces of ectoplasm. The Reaper approaches him with his scythe as Frank's spirit moulds back together. A truck approaches and rams straight into the Reaper and it is taken down the road clinging onto the front of the vehicle. Dammers takes Lucy to the graveyard and parks the car up. She desperately wants to get back to the medical centre to revive Frank's body but he tells her that he is not going to return her for several hours until there's no chance of Frank coming back. She shouts at him and he starts to freak out again. (Director's cut) As he tries to cover his ears with his hands, Lucy notices one of his wrists the swastika sign. He tells her that he was undercover with the Manson family for six months disguised as a hippy and he was used as the family's sex slave. He gets out of the car and walks several yards away and stands in front of the car breathing nervously and uncontrollably. He opens up his shirt and reveals his deeply scarred body. (Director's cut) He starts to reveal to her his experiences in the many bizarre undercover assignments over the years that he has been part of. All of the weird cults and sects he has had to be involved in, including drinking goat's blood. He says that he has suffered for his country. He says that the pain he has suffered in the different religious groups has its rewards and tries to prove that he has some psychic sensibilities. He and Lucy are both shocked as the car engine starts up. The gear stick and steering wheel move and Lucy knows that it's Frank. Frank starts to reverse the car away from Dammers as Dammers chases after it. Sergeant Hiles reaches in through the car window to grab Frank and throws him to the ground. The car crashes into a sarcophagus and coffins fall out. The Reaper approaches and slices Hiles in half with its scythe. Frank uses the sergeant's machine guns to shoot it. Lucy gets out of the car to get into the driver's seat and Dammers jumps out to grab her.She uses the skull from a skeleton to hit him and quickly gets in the car and drives off. While Dammers chases after her, Frank rips the Reaper apart with the bullets and turns it into pieces ectoplasm. He grabs the face of the Reaper and as he slams it down onto a grave a few times, the face gradually morphs into a human face and reveals itself to be Johnny Bartlett. He has returned from beyond the grave to continue his killing spree. Spirits start wandering around in the vicinity, all of who appear to be Johnny's victims satisfied that their deaths have been avenged. A spirit with the number 1 carved in his head approaches Frank and tells him he was a doctor and the first of the victims. He thanks Frank for what he's done. But while Frank is distracted, the pieces of Johnny's ectoplasm start to drip down into a tomb and gradually morph back together. Frank dives down into the ground and wrestles with him. He picks up the scythe and as he brings down the handle onto the ectoplasmic figure, Johnny's full human formed spirit is revealed. Frank is just about to destroy him with the scythe but Lucy revives his body with chest plates. He wakes up panting for breath. He tells her that Johnny's back and that she needs to go and get Patricia out of the house and save her from him. Lucy arrives at the house but her mother tells her that there's no way her daughter is going anywhere. Lucy confronts her about Frank's knife in her closet and the old lady angrily storms off upstairs. Patricia runs up after her. Lucy waits in the living room and moments later, Patricia comes back down and says that her mother is going with them. Lucy tells Patricia that Johnny's ghost has returned and is on the loose. She tells Lucy she knows and that his spirit often visits her. As Lucy stands in the doorway of the living room, Johnny appears behind her threatening to kill her. He says that she and Frank have been causing a lot of problems. Patricia goes to the kitchen and Johnny points to the knives on the wall. He wants to watch her kill Lucy. (Director's cut) Patricia repeatedly stabs the knife through Johnny's torso as they both laugh and become increasingly excited by it, almost in an arousing way. Lucy goes upstairs to see if Mrs Bradley is going with them. She sees her bedroom door open a jar and when she opens it she is horrified to see the old lady's dead body spread out on the bed covered in blood. Patricia pops up behind her and tries to stab her. Lucy tries to shut the door and the blade of the knife goes into it. Lucy punches her and they both grapple to the floor. Lucy gets up and runs out of the door, after she gets the key out of the lock and locks it from the outside. She sits on the landing stairs trying to get over the shock but bullets start exploding through the door. Patricia has got hold of her mother's pump action shotgun. Lucy tries to run down the stairs but Johnny's figure appears from under he rug and tries to strangle her. Frank arrives in time to save Lucy. He grabs hold of the rug and throws Johnny off of the landing. Patricia gets out of the bedroom firing at them maniacally. Frank and Lucy get into Patricia's bedroom and Johnny appears in the room through the portrait of her father. He tries to kill Lucy once again but Frank smashes the portrait onto the bed post and Johnny's spirit cries out as he is sucked into the urn on the bedside table. Frank puts the lid on and sees Johnny's name on the urn. He tells Lucy that they need to get to a chapel and get the ashes to the "other side". Realising that there's a chapel in the old psychiatric (now derelict) hospital, which is located just behind the Bradley house, the pair head off there on foot. They make their way into the murky looking building and walk through the hallways looking for the chapel. Patricia follows them armed. As Frank looks around, he starts to have psychic episodes where he is able to see the events that transpired on the fateful day when Johnny and Patricia went on their killing spree. He sees Johnny pushing a trolley around and he uncovers a gun and blows away the doctor who thanked Frank in the graveyard. He sees the teenage Patricia walking around with a knife ready to carve into the victims' foreheads. Through his flashbacks, Frank hears one of the doctors say that the chapel is on the fourth floor. Still believing Frank to be the murderer, Dammers enters the hospital. Frank and Lucy are forced to split up when Patricia appears in the hallways and starts shooting at them both again. Lucy has the urn but Dammers gets hold of her and throws her head into the wall. Lucy punches him and gets away from him and manages to get into the elevator before he can reach her. She starts going up to the fourth floor but it breaks down. Frank is still running upstairs and comes across the chapel. He hears Lucy cry. He tries to pry the elevator door open to no avail but she manages to pass him the urn through the door to take to the chapel. Frank puts the urn down to smash the door in but as he turns around he bumps into a statue of the Virgin Mary and it falls onto the table and sends the urn flying to the other side of the hall. Dammers catches it. Frank angrily and desperately asks for it back but Dammers opens it and releases Johnny's ashes. His spirit laughs as the dust breezes away. Frank picks up a metal bar ready to give Dammers a beating but Dammers pulls out a machine gun and shoots him in the arm. Facing away from him and holding his bloody arm, Frank sees Patricia walk around the corner in the distance ready to shoot him with the shotgun. Dammers orders him to turn around. Frank does and falls backwards as Patricia fires and the bullet blows Dammers's head off. Frank crashes through four wooden floors down onto the ground floor. Patricia starts to shoot at Lucy in the elevator. She avoids the bullets,and the elevator starts automatically going again. Bloodied, bruised and half unconscious, Frank starts to crawl along the floor of the vivisection room. (Director's cut) In his psychic flashbacks, Frank sees Johnny chasing the teenage Patricia around dead bodies as she screams "please don't hurt me". As they have a playful game of chase, covered in blood. He grabs her and they start making out on the coroner's trolley. Lucy makes it to the ground floor and rushes to Frank. But Frank is nearly unconscious. Patricia appears behind her and hits her over the head with the butt of the gun. Frank flashes back to the moment when his wife Debra died and he finally remembers exactly what happened in that moment. He sees The Reaper transform into Johnny as he's stood over his wife's body and Patricia is holding his Stanley knife. Patricia points the shotgun at Frank, ready to kill him but she is out of bullets. She kicks him and lifts him up off of the floor with the gun around his neck. Lucy tries to help but Johnny is pinning her down. Frank struggles with Patricia but Patricia has the advantage and she strangles him to death. Frank's dead body drops to the floor, as Lucy cries out. Johnny excitedly waits for Patricia to take Lucy's life as well. She picks up an axe from the vivisection area ready but Frank's spirit jumps out at her and rips Patricia's spirit from her body and takes her through the tunnel to the "other side". Johnny chases him up through the tunnel of light, and as they get half way through, he manages to pull her away from Frank's grasp. Frank carries on floating towards Heaven, as Johnny and Patricia stay hovering in the middle of the tunnel. He shouts to Frank that they're returning to Earth to get some more victims. Frank is just about to leap down after them but a voice stops him. It's Cyrus with Stuart. Frank looks down at Johnny and Patricia as their laughing turns to fear and panic. The spiritual looking, electric like portal gradually turns into the inside of a huge worm, with dozens and dozens of smaller worms wrapping themselves around them,strangling them and gouging out their eyes. The huge worm swallows them up and takes them down into the burning flames of Hell. Frank watches in disbelief and turns around to have a look around Heaven. Cyrus and Stuart tell him that it's really something. Frank sees his wife Debra approach him smiling. She tells him it's time to go home. The higher powers have said that it's not his time to die yet. Cyrus pushes him and he starts to float along the clouds. He wakes up in the derelict hospital in Lucy's arms. He demolishes his old house in order to start a new life with Lucy. Walt pulls up and tells Frank that the investigation is over. They found a stash of Ouija boards at the house and Patricia was using them to bring Johnny back from the dead. Her mother was trying to do her best to keep her sedated but there was no chance of her stopping Johnny. As Walt gets into his car and drives off, Frank sees the ghost of Dammers in the back seat. To his surprise Lucy can see him as well. She says to Frank "sometimes when you've had a traumatic experience it can alter your perception". Then Lucy uses a blanket to imitate the Reaper and laughingly chases Frank as the movie ends. 
 Spin City (19962002)Summaries Mike Flaherty, the Deputy Mayor of New York City, and his team of half-wits must constantly save the Mayor from embarrassment and the media. Mike is later succeeded by Charlie Crawford. In this sitcom, Deputy Mayor Mike Flaherty (Michael J. Fox) and his City Hall staff must stop the dim-witted Mayor Randall Winston (Barry Bostwick) of New York City from embarrassing himself in front of the media and the voters. The staff consists of Caitlin Moore (Heather Locklear) the Communications Director, Carter Haywood (Michael Boatman) the head of Minority Affairs, Stuart Bondek (Alan Ruck) the Chief of Staff, Paul Lassiter (Richard Kind) the Press Secretary, James Hobert (Alexander Chaplin), the Mayor's Speech Writer, and Nikki Faber (Connie Britton) accountant. In the final two seasons of the show, Mike was replaced by Charlie Crawford (Charlie Sheen). Samantha Rose and Mike Boothroyd This situation comedy takes place in New York City's City Hall. It centers on Mike Flaherty (Michael J. Fox), the Deputy Mayor, who has to protect the slightly moronic Mayor, Randall Winston (Barry Bostwick), from those who want to ruin his political career, and from himself, because he is constantly making an ass of himself and Mike has try and make sure that his little escapades are either not made public or have very little negative effect on the Mayor. Helping Mike is Carter Haywood (Michael Boatman), probably the least quirky member of the mayor's staff and Nikki Faber (Connie Britton) and James Hobert (Alexander Chaplin). Stuart Bondek (Alan Ruck) and Paul Lassiter (Richard Kind) are two members of the staff who cause just as much problems. Mike's secretary, who joined the show during the second season was Stacy Paterno (Jennifer Esposito). Mike's girlfriend during the first season was Ashley Schaeffer (Carla Gugino), but the character was dropped, his next girlfriend, during the following season was Laurie Parres (Paula Marshall), and during the third season it was Nikki Faber (Connie Britton), and in the fourth season it was Caitlin Moore (Heather Locklear), the Mayor's campaign manager. Michael J. Fox left the show after the fourth season. During the next season, the new Deputy Mayor was Charlie Crawford (Charlie Sheen). rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Back to the Future (1985)761) Marty McFly, a 17-year-old high school student, is accidentally sent thirty years into the past in a time-traveling DeLorean invented by his close friend, the eccentric scientist Doc Brown. Marty McFly, a typical American teenager of the Eighties, is accidentally sent back to 1955 in a plutonium-powered DeLorean "time machine" invented by a slightly mad scientist. During his often hysterical, always amazing trip back in time, Marty must make certain his teenage parents-to-be meet and fall in love - so he can get back to the future. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Marty McFly's life is a dump. His father, George, is constantly bullied by his supervisor Biff Tannen and his mother, Lorraine, is an overweight alcoholic. One day, Marty gets a call from his scientist friend Dr. "Doc" Emmet Brown telling Marty to meet him at Twin Pines Mall at 1:15 AM where Doc unveils a time machine that runs off of plutonium built into a DeLorean and demonstrates it to Marty. Marty accidentally activates the time machine, sending him back to 1955 where he accidentally gets in the way of his teenage parents meeting. Marty must find a way to convince Doc that he is from the future, reunite his parents, and ultimately get back to the future. In this 1980s sci-fi classic, small-town California teen Marty McFly is thrown back into the '50s when an experiment by his eccentric scientist friend Doc Brown goes awry. Traveling through time in a modified DeLorean car, Marty encounters young versions of his parents, and must make sure that they fall in love or he'll cease to exist. Even more dauntingly, Marty has to return to his own time and save the life of Doc Brown. Jwelch5742 Marty McFly, a 17 year old high school student gets lost in 1955 by an accident, 30 years back in time. With the help of his friend Dr. Emmet Brown, he is desperately trying to find his way back to the future in the year 1985. It becomes a battle against the clock. It is the year 1985. Marty McFly, a mild-mannered high school student, stopped by Dr. Emmett L. Brown's laboratory to play around with an amplifier. Then he receives a message from Doc that he needs help from him for Doc's latest invention, a time machine made out of a DeLorean sports car that can travel through time instantaneously when it reaches a speed velocity of 88 MPH. Then, Doc was gunned down by Libyan Nationalists, Marty makes an effort to escape from the Lybians by using the time machine. Then Marty accidentally warps himself into 1955. Where he meets both of his parents when they were teenagers, then Marty unintentionally interrupts his parent's first meeting together, he then finds a younger version of Doc and together they try to find a way to get Marty's parents-to-be back together, and to get Marty back to 1985. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The title logo appears on a black background. The scene opens in Dr. Emmett Brown's ( Christopher Lloyd ) garage/home laboratory as the camera pan over a large collection of clocks. A robotic tin can opener opens a tin of spoiled dog food and empties the contents into an overflowing dog food bowl marked "Einstein". The television set and radio turn on. On the TV, we see the ending of an advertisement, followed by a woman newscaster announcing the recent theft of a case of plutonium. The front door of the garage opens, and Marty McFly ( Michael J. Fox ) comes in. Marty calls out, then reaches down to partly lift up the doormat. He places a set of keys under the doormat, then drops it back down. Marty enters the garage, calling out for Doc and whistling for Einstein. He comments on the mess the place is in. Marty puts down his skateboard and it rolls along the floor until it hits a hidden box of plutonium. He turns on Doc's amplifier system, turning all the settings to maximum. A hum grows louder in the background. Marty plugs his electric guitar into a huge amplifier, pauses, and then plucks a string. The amplifier blows up, the impact throwing Marty back against a bookshelf, which falls, causing the books and papers on it to fall off and land on his head. Marty lifts up his sunglasses and we finally get to see his face. "Whoa... rock and roll," he says, when a loud ringing fills the garage. It sounds like a fire alarm, but then turns out to be just the telephone. Marty scrambles off the ground and answers it. It's Doc, who asks Marty to meet him that night at the Twin Pines Mall at 1:15 a.m. Marty asks him where he's been all week. Doc says that he has been working. Marty tells him that his equipment had been left on all week. Remembering, Doc tells Marty not to hook up to the amplifier. "There's a slight possibility of overload," he says. Marty glances at the destroyed amplifier, and says that he'll keep that in mind. Just then, every single one of the numerous clocks go off at once, chiming loudly, and Doc asks about them. Marty tells him that it's eight o'clock. Doc is elated at the information, as it means that his experiment has worked and all his clocks are 25 minutes slow....meaning it really is 8:25, and Marty is late for school. He exclaims this news into the telephone, slams down the receiver, retrieves his skateboard and rushes out of the garage. Marty gets on his skateboard and skates through the streets, hitching a ride first on a pickup truck and then on another Jeep to get through town. Marty arrives outside Hill Valley High School. He hops off his skateboard and flips it up into his hand. His girlfriend Jennifer Parker ( Claudia Wells ) is waiting for him. She warns him that the principal, Mr. Strickland (James Tolkan) is looking for him. Marty tells her that his lateness is not his fault, because Doc set his clocks slow. Strickland suddenly appears at the sound of Doc's name. He demands to know if Marty is still hanging around with Doc, and hands him and Jennifer a tardy slip each; it is Marty's fourth in a row. Strickland warns Marty that Doc is a dangerous nutcase, and if he continues hanging out with him, he'll get in trouble. Strickland also harshly tells Marty that he is a slacker, just like his father. "No McFly ever amounted to anything in the history of Hill Valley!" he says, bringing his face closer to Marty's until their noses touch. Marty counters that history will be changing soon. We change to the auditorium, where a band has just finished playing. Four judges sit on chairs before the stage and request the next band. Marty and his band get up on stage and he introduces them as The Pinheads before launching into the opening bars of a ramped up, Heavy Metal Version of "The Power of Love". One of the judges (the song's artist, Huey Lewis, in a cameo appearance) cuts them off and tells them that they are too loud. After school, Marty and Jennifer are walking through the Courthouse Square as a mayoral campaign van drives past, blaring "Re-elect Mayor Goldie Wilson!" over its loudspeakers. Marty tells Jennifer about how he doubts he'll ever get anywhere with his music. Jennifer tries to reassure him with her opinion that he's really good, and encourages him to send in his audition tape to the record company, but Marty expresses fear that they'll reject him. He looks up as a new 4x4 Toyota pickup truck is delivered to the Statler Toyota dealership across the street, and admires it, musing about taking Jennifer in it for a weekend trip to the lake. Jennifer asks if Marty's mother knows about their plans for the next night. Marty assures her that his mother thinks he's going camping with the guys, and that she would freak out if she knew the truth. Marty fears his mother was probably born a nun. Jennifer assures him that she's just trying to keep him respectable. Their lips come closer, but just as they are about to kiss, a tin can is shoved in their faces by a woman shouting "Save the clock tower! Save the clock tower!" The woman asks them to deposit money that will be contributed to a fund to save the clock tower, which has been frozen at 10:04 ever since it was struck by lightning at that exact time on the night of November 12, 1955. The mayor would like the clock to be replaced, the Hill Valley Preservation Society thinks that it is important part of their heritage and should be left alone. Marty gives her a quarter just to get her to go away. She thanks him and hands him a flyer, before going off to target more unsuspecting passersby. Marty and Jennifer, now rid of the collection lady, are about to kiss when a car pulls up and beeps its horn loudly. It's Jennifer's father, coming to pick her up. Jennifer hastily scribbles her number on the back of the clock tower flyer with "Love You!!!" next to that. She gets into the car. Marty looks at the back of the flyer. He smiles. Marty gets back on his skateboard and grabs a police car to tail behind. He makes his way back to his home neighborhood, Lyon Estates. Marty lets go of another car and skims down this opening towards his house. As Marty rides up to his house, he passes a wrecked BMW sedan being pushed back into the driveway by a tow truck. Inside, Marty's father George McFly ( Crispin Glover ) is arguing with his supervisor Biff Tannen ( Thomas F. Wilson ). Biff is exasperated that George loaned him a car without warning him that it had a blind spot, leading him to have a head-on collision with another vehicle. George insists that he never knew the car had a blind spot. He sees Marty and gives him a weak greeting, as Biff demands to know who is going to pay for his cleaning bill, seeing as he spilled beer all over his coattails. Biff then asks George if he's finished filling out Biff's reports. When George admits he hasn't done them yet, an annoyed Biff taps him several times on the head, reminding George that he needs time to retype them because he'll be fired if he hands in his reports in George's handwriting. He expresses despair that all they've got in the fridge is "light" beer, and helps himself to a beer before leaving. After Biff leaves, George hesitantly admits to Marty that he isn't good at confrontations. Marty asks about the car, which he had been planning to drive up to the lake with Jennifer. George apologizes. The whole of the McFly family later sits down to dinner - George, his wife Lorraine ( Lea Thompson ), and their children Marty, Dave ( Marc McClure ) and Linda ( Wendie Jo Sperber ). Lorraine drops a thin cake onto the table. It says 'Welcome Home, Joey', next to a picture of a bird flying out of jail. Uncle 'Jailbird' Joey has failed to make parole, again. Linda chides that he's an embarrassment to the family. Lorraine reminds her that everyone makes mistakes in life. During dinner, while watching an episode of the Honeymooners on TV, Georgo begins laughing at it, a very weird, nerdy laugh, while the rest of the family stares at him Having enough of the conversation, Dave leaves for his job as a Burger King cashier, while Linda tells Marty that Jennifer called asking for him. This upsets Lorraine, who lectures Marty that 'any girl who calls a boy is just asking for trouble.' When Linda tries to defend Marty, Lorraine grows upset, insisting that when she was Linda's age she never 'chased a boy, or called a boy, or sat in a parked car with a boy.' Linda asks how she's supposed to meet anyone if she is to go through life like Lorraine did. Lorraine explains that it will happen just like she met George. Linda rolls her eyes, as Lorraine once again relates the story of how they met: supposedly, George was up in a tree (just what he was doing, George has never explained), when he slipped, fell into the street and was hit by Lorraine's father's car. After taking him inside, and taking care of him, Lorraine felt sorry enough for George that she asked him to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance, which happened to be the same night the lightning bolt struck the clock tower. When they had their first kiss at the dance, she knew she was going to spend the rest of her life with him. George starts once again with his weird, nerdy laugh at the TV while the family just stares at him in disbelief. Sometime after midnight, Marty is awoken by a call from Doc, who asks Marty to stop by the lab and pick up his video camera that he forgot. Marty does so, and heads to the Twin Pines Mall. When he gets there, he finds Doc's van sitting in the parking lot, with his dog, Einstein, sitting nearby. When Marty goes down to greet Einstein, the rear of the van opens up, and a heavily modified DeLorean DMC-12 sedan is backed down the ramp. The driver's door lifts up, and Doc emerges from the vehicle, greeting Marty, then instructs Marty to start recording. Doc places Einstein in the DeLorean and buckles him in, having Marty note the exact time on the watch around Einstein's collar, and in Doc's hand. Both are synchronized to the same time. Doc then closes the DeLorean's door, and pulls out a remote control, that he uses to maneuver the DeLorean around the parking lot. When the vehicle is a specific distance away, Doc puts its brakes on, and starts ramping up its speed, before turning off the brakes, sending the DeLorean streaking right towards him and Marty. Suddenly, a bright light is seen from inside the DeLorean, as additional fire and lights are set off around it, and suddenly, upon hitting 88 miles per hour, the car vanishes in a puff of light and electricity, leaving a pair of fire trails behind from the red-hot tires. Doc excitedly cheers, but Marty is in shock, as it seems that Doc has just disintegrated Einstein. Doc excitedly exclaims that he actually sent Einstein into the future... one minute into the future, to be exact. He also remarks excitedly that he built the time machine out of a DeLorean because it has style and because the steel body panels were a good conductor for the flux energy that propels the car through time. As if on cue, exactly one minute later, the DeLorean materializes where it disappeared, still traveling at the same speed as it was before, and screeches to a stop, now iced over. As Doc opens the door, Einstein is revealed to be alive and well, with his watch now one minute behind Doc's. Doc explains that Einstein likely believes that the trip was instantaneous, unaware of any change in time at all, skipping over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment and time. Doc shows Marty a device in the cabin called the "flux capacitor". It's the addition that makes time travel possible. Doc explains that, after an accident in his bathroom in 1955 where he hit his head, he had a vision of the flux capacitor. Though it took 30 years of research and most of his family's fortune to develop it; the project is a success and Doc plans to travel through time. As he talks to Marty, Doc absently sets the vehicle's destination time to that date, November 5th, 1955. When Marty asks what the DeLorean runs on instead of gasoline, Doc tells him it needs plutonium, explaining that a nuclear reaction is necessary to generate 1.21 gigawatts to power the flux capacitor. Marty is alarmed, asking where the Doc could possibly have gotten such a substance and Doc tells him that he hired a couple of Libyan terrorists to steal it for him with the promise of building them a bomb. Doc, however, cheated them, delivering a fake bomb. Doc and Marty, clad in yellow radiation suits, load another pellet of plutonium into the DeLorean and Doc begins his farewell address to Marty and the camera. It's interrupted though when a Volkswagen van races into the parking lot. A man pops out of the roof with an AK-47 and begins shooting . Doc yells for Marty to run; in the van are the Libyans that Doc cheated. Doc tries to hide as well but that is when the Libyans' van comes to a stop in front of him. Doc throws away his revolver, showing that he intends to surrender, only for the Libyan to shoot him full of holes. Marty screams and tries to hide but is found as well; when the Libyan tries to shoot him, his rifle jams. Marty jumps into the DeLorean and races off, the van close behind. As Marty swings back into the parking lot, he decides to see if the van can do 90 mph. As he races towards a photo kiosk, Marty fails to see the speedometer creeping toward 88 mph or the fact that the time clock is set to November 5, 1955. Suddenly, there is a flash of light and the kiosk and parking lot are replaced with an empty grassy field, as the mall doesn't exist in 1955 and instead this space is taken up by the Twin Pines Ranch, whose owner Otis Peabody made valiant efforts to grow pine trees on the property. Marty has barely registered the change of scenery when the DeLorean plows through a scarecrow. This startles Marty, who loses control of the DeLorean, and crashes into Peabody's barn where his cows are housed. The noise wakes up the Peabodys in the farmhouse next door and they come outside to investigate the noise. When they open the barn doors, they are shocked at what they find: what appears to be an airplane without wings has crashed on their property. Peabody's son Sherman decides that the DeLorean is actually an alien spaceship, showing his family a comic book depicting an alien arrival as proof. Just then, the driver's door lifts up and Marty climbs out, still clad in his radiation suit. Peabody and his family scream in terror, thinking Marty is an alien, and flee towards the house. Marty attempts to apologize for the damage, when suddenly Peabody returns with a shotgun and begins shooting at him. Marty jumps back in the DeLorean and speeds out of the barn, Peabody continuing to shoot at him. As Marty flees down the dirt path leading to the road, he inadvertently plows through one of two small pine trees protected by a picket fence. Peabody shoots at the car, in the process destroying his own mailbox, shouting, "You space bastard! You killed my pine!" Marty reaches the main road and speeds off, muttering that the experience must be a nightmare, heading for home. When he gets to Lyon Estates, he finds the stone gates marking the entrance to the neighborhood, but to his surprise, instead of a street lined with houses, there is just an empty grassy field with several construction vehicles sitting idle, torn up dirt where the street is to be paved, and a large billboard advertising the future housing development which will be breaking ground in the next month. Marty, still clad in his radiation suit, sees a car coming along the road and attempts to hitchhike, but the occupants are scared by Marty's suit and continue driving. Discovering that the DeLorean won't start, Marty removes his radiation suit and pushes the DeLorean back behind the billboard to hide it from passing motorists, then notices a sign reading "Hill Valley: 2 Miles." After about an hour or so, Marty is able to make it to downtown Hill Valley. Hill Valley of 1955 is a lot different to Marty. The courthouse square is an actual garden instead of a parking lot, and contains a memorial to veterans of the Korean War. The Essex movie theater is showing Cattle Queen of Montana (1954) instead of a porno film. The town's record store advertises new records: 16 Tons by Merle Travis and The Ballad of Davy Crockett by George Brun. The Texaco station is a full service station where attendants not just fill up the tank but also wash the windows and check the customer's engine and tires. A mayoral campaign car drives around the square, blaring announcements on loudspeakers to remind residents to "Reelect Mayor Red Thomas!" Most importantly, the Courthouse Square clock tower is still functioning, as indicated when Marty is surprised to hear its half hour chime. Marty still believes that he is in a dream, but realizes this is reality when he picks up a newspaper tossed into a trash can and sees the date "November 5, 1955" on the top of the paper. Marty steps into Lou's Diner (which will be the outlet for an aerobic class in 1985), at this point only inhabited by Lou Caruthers, the owner, and another customer eating breakfast at the counter. Marty goes to the phone booth and looks up Doc's address in the phone book, tearing the page out so he can look it up later. As Marty tries to ask for directions, Lou demands that Marty either order something or leave. Marty gets himself some decaf coffee after misunderstandings about Pepsi Free and Tab. What Marty doesn't realize, as Lou is setting the coffee cup down, is that the customer he's sat down next to is his future father. He only realizes this when Biff shows up with his friends Match, Skinhead and 3D, to harass George. Biff has been forcing George to do his homework, something George has been slacking off on. When George admits that he hasn't completed Biff's homework, figuring that it is not due until Monday, Biff gets annoyed, and raps George on the head, reminding George that he will get expelled if he hands in his homework in George's handwriting. George finally agrees to finish up Biff's work and hand it over the next day, and Biff and his friends leave. After Biff and his friends leave, the diner's busboy, Goldie Wilson (Donald Fullilove), chides George for letting Biff harass him all day. George insists that Biff is bigger than him, while Goldie points out that he doesn't expect to spend the rest of his own life working as a busboy, and he plans on becoming someone famous one day. Marty immediately recognizes Goldie and before realizing it, blurts out to Goldie that he's going to be mayor in 1985. This plants the idea in Goldie's mind and he begins to think about how as mayor of Hill Valley, and how he will clean up the town (to which Lou chafes "A colored mayor? That'll be the day", gives Goldie a broom, and tells him to start sweeping the floor). After George leaves the diner, Marty's curiosity is piqued and he follows him into another neighborhood. He momentarily loses track of him until he finds George's bike parked beneath a tree. He looks up and notices George on a tree branch, using a pair of binoculars to spy on a girl getting undressed in her bedroom across the street -- Marty is shocked to find that George is a Peeping Tom. As he strains to get a better look, George suddenly slips and falls out of the tree, landing in the street in front of an oncoming Cadillac. Marty instinctively rushes out and pushes George out of harm's way. The car slams on its brakes, but it hits Marty, who hits his head on the pavement and is knocked unconscious. George gets on his bike and rides away as Sam Baines, the driver, yells to his wife that another kid has jumped in front of his car. When Marty comes around, it's night time and it is raining outside, and he is lying in an unfamiliar bed. His mother's voice tells him that he's been out for nine hours. Marty, still semi-conscious, quips about having a dream that he went back in time. Lorraine's voice reassures him that he's safe and sound in 1955. This prompts Marty to bolt upright just as a lamp is turned on, and he is dumbstruck to see Lorraine, in 1955 a very attractive teenage girl. Lorraine introduces herself and begins to hit on Marty almost immediately, thinking his name is "Calvin Klein" because that's the brand of underwear Marty is wearing (and she may have been the one to take his pants off). Marty instinctively panics when Lorraine tries to make advances on him and looks like she is trying to kiss him. Fortunately for Marty, this is interrupted when Lorraine's mother Stella calls her down for dinner. At dinner, Marty meets the rest of Lorraine's siblings, including her brothers Milton and Toby, her sister Sally, and in the crib nearby, little baby Joey. Stella admits that Joey loves his crib, and cries every time they try to take him out. Marty recognizes Joey as the future prison inmate, and can't resist the urge to joke to the baby to "Better get used to these bars, kid..." The family eats while watching an episode of "The Honeymooners" on the new television set that Sam has just brought home. Marty immediately recognizes the episode they are watching as one he has watched in 1985, which he explains by saying that he saw it in a rerun, a word that puzzles Lorraine's younger brother. Marty asks how to find Doc's address, which Lorraine's father says is over on the east end of town. Marty knows that area as "John F. Kennedy Drive", a name that Lorraine's father doesn't know because John F. Kennedy won't be President for another six years. As Marty leaves the house, Sam says that Marty's an "idiot" & warns Lorraine that if she ever has a kid like Marty, he will disown her. Marty makes his way over to Doc's house (which will be destroyed in a fire sometime in the next 30 years, which is why Doc lives out of his garage in 1985). Doc, who does not recognize Marty, answers the door, with a bandage on his forehead from where he hit his head trying to hang a clock above his toilet (the incident that gave him the vision of the flux capacitor). Without saying a word, he immediately hooks Marty up to his newest invention - a thought reader. Doc determines that Marty comes from a great distance, and wants him to make a donation to the Coast Guard Youth Auxiliary. Frustrated, Marty tells Doc directly that his time machine works and he is from the future. Doc is skeptical, even when Marty shows him his future driver's license and a family photo. Doc comments that the photo must have been forged as Dave's hair is missing from the picture. However, Marty is able to convince Doc of the truth by mentioning the wound on his head that prompted the vision of the flux capacitor. To prove that Doc has invented it, Marty has Doc drive him out to the place where he's hidden the DeLorean. Doc is overly delighted when he compares the drawing he made of a flux capacitor and sees the real device installed on the DeLorean. After returning to Doc's estate, they manage to plug in Marty's "portable television studio" to see the video Marty had filmed in 1985. Doc becomes quite excited and panicky when they reach the point on tape where he will say that time travel requires 1.21 gigawatts of energy from the plutonium to power the flux capacitor. Doc explains that plutonium is very hard to come by in 1955 and that the only energy source capable of that amount of power is a lightning bolt. Predicting the strike zone of a lightning bolt is impossible and Doc tells Marty he may be stuck forever in 1955. But then Marty remembers the flyer the woman gave him and Jennifer about the lightning bolt that is going to strike the clock tower at exactly 10:04 PM next Saturday night and hands it to Doc. Now that he knows a date and time, Doc begins working on a plan to harness the power of the bolt and send Marty home. When Marty says he can hang out in 1955 for a week, Doc objects, warning him that it could be detrimental to future history and jeopardize his entire existence. He asks Marty if he had any interaction with anyone in the last few hours and Marty drops the bomb about preventing the first meeting between his father and mother. Doc asks to see the photo of Marty and his siblings again; Dave's head is now completely gone. This means that in order to go back to 1985, Marty first needs to make his parents fall in love and have their first kiss within a week. Doc takes Marty to the high school the next morning. Marty is amazed to find that there is no graffiti on the building, unlike in 1985. After peeping through a classroom window and watching Lorraine cheating on a test, they spot George in the hallway during a passing period, seeing him being picked on (in part because of the large "KICK ME" note that one of Biff's gang taped to his back). George is further demoralized when Strickland (who in 1955 is down to his last dregs of hair) appears and tells him he's a slacker. Doc is baffled that Lorraine could fall in love with someone like George, and Marty admits that his best guess is she originally felt sorry for him after her dad nearly killed him. Doc recognizes their relationship as a version of the Florence Nightingale effect, which happens when nurses develop romantic feelings for their patients. Marty tries encouraging George to talk to Lorraine, however, an attempt to simply introduce them to each other fails because Lorraine is already smitten with Marty. Doc finds that the situation is more serious than they'd thought; George lacks the self-confidence to ask Lorraine out, as he fears that he couldn't handle a rejection if she said "no", and getting them together permanently could be impossible. At lunch, Marty tries again to convince George, by saying Lorraine has been talking about him and that he should ask her to the Enchantment Under the Sea dance. George spends his lunch by himself writing science fiction short stories. Marty asks to read one of them and George refuses, saying he's afraid people would be critical. He also suggests that Lorraine may want to go with someone else to the dance, namely Biff, who is across the cafeteria, sitting with Lorraine and trying to grope her. Marty immediately marches over to them and pulls the much larger Biff off his mother. Biff begins pushing Marty, however, Marty, unlike his meek father, begins pushing back and is about to fight Biff when Strickland breaks it up. Marty follows George home and begins pleading with George to ask Lorraine out. George continues to refuse and tells Marty that no one in the world will make him change his mind. That night, Marty sneaks into George's room in his radiation suit, places his Walkman headphones on George and gives him a blast of ear-splitting Eddie Van Halen guitar riffing. Marty claims he is Darth Vader, an extraterrestrial from the planet Vulcan, and intimidates George into asking Lorraine out, threatening him with a "brain melting gun" (actually a hairdryer). To keep George from calling for his parents, Marty chloroforms him, before jumping out the window and into Doc's car. The next day, George rushes up to Marty at the Texaco station, disheveled and frantic, having overslept, while Marty is trying to open a Pepsi -- George pops it open with the bottle hook on the machine. George knows he needs to ask Lorraine out but he doesn't know what he should say. Marty takes George back to Lou's diner, where Lorraine is hanging out with her friends. Marty suggests to George that he tell Lorraine, "Destiny has brought me to you." George orders a chocolate milkshake to calm his nerves before approaching Lorraine. It gets off to a shaky start when, in a fit of nervousness, George accidentally mangles the lines Marty gave him. Though Lorraine seems charmed by him, George's attempt comes to a grinding halt when Biff and his friends come in to toss him out. As Biff demands money from George, Marty, sitting at the counter, "accidentally" trips Biff. Biff turns his anger on Marty, and is about to punch him when Marty tricks him into looking away, giving Marty the opportunity to punch Biff and bolt out the door. Once outside, Marty steals a passing boy's scooter, tears off the crate and turns the bottom into a skateboard. Biff and his goons chase Marty in Biff's car around the town square. Marty is able to avoid serious injury. While riding on the hood of Biff's car, he distracts them by suddenly jumping up, jumping over the hood, the windshield and the backseat, and then hopping off onto the waiting skateboard at the rear. Biff and his friends are confused, and then see they are barreling towards a manure truck parked on the curb. They can only shout "SHIIIIT!!!!!" as the car slams into the back of the truck, which dumps its entire load of manure on them. Watching the chase from the diner, Lorraine becomes even more attracted to the adventurous Marty. Back at Doc's shop, the inventor shows Marty how he'll use the lighting bolt to power the DeLorean. He'll string heavy cable from the clock down to the street, building a circuit. A long rod attached to the back of the DeLorean will channel the energy from the bolt directly into the flux capacitor. The timing will have to be precise. The demonstration goes well, though it sets a garbage pail on fire. As Doc uses a fire extinguisher to put out the flames, they are interrupted by a knock at the door. To Doc's shock, it's Lorraine, who has followed Marty. Doc and Marty quickly cover the DeLorean with a tarp before letting Lorraine in. Lorraine asks Marty if he wants to be her date to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Marty attempts to back out, suggesting she go with George, but Lorraine balks at the idea, saying a real man stands up for the woman he loves, referring to the fight Marty just had with Biff. Marty suddenly sees a way to get George to win Lorraine's heart. He approaches George while George is doing his parents' laundry, and tells him to find him with Lorraine in Doc's car in the school parking lot at a certain time, where Marty plans to appear to "take advantage" of her, which he believes will make her angry. George is to pull Marty out of the car and pretend to beat him up, proving that he's the bigger man. The night of the dance arrives. George is already there, in a tux, waiting for his cue, as the all-black band known as the Starlighters performs on the stage. At Lou's Diner, Marty writes Doc a letter on a piece of stationary warning. He slips the note into the pocket of Doc's coat while Doc is in the middle of using $50 to bribe a cop who asks him if he has a permit for his "weather experiment". Marty arrives at the dance in Doc's car with Lorraine. As they stop, he asks her if they can "park" for a while. To Marty's astonishment, Lorraine produces a small bottle of whiskey and begins to smoke, two bad habits she has in 1985. Marty warns her she may regret it later and Lorraine dismisses it, exasperated that Marty sounds like her mother. She also is aggressive in coming on to Marty in the car, much more than Marty had anticipated, though when she kisses Marty rather hard on the lips, she admits afterwards that she feels like she's kissing her brother. Just then, the door is opened and Marty is pulled roughly from the driver's seat. But to Marty's shock, it's not George. Rather, it's Biff, drunk, and seeking revenge for the $300 in damages Marty inflicted on his car in the manure truck accident. When Biff sees Lorraine in the car, however, he throws Marty to Match, Skinhead and 3D, climbs into the car, and begins to molest her. Match, Skinhead and 3D take Marty out behind the school and toss him into the open trunk of the first car they see, then slam the lid shut. Unfortunately for them, the car belongs to Marvin Berry and the Starlighters. They scare Biff's gang off and they realize that the keys are in the trunk with Marty. George arrives at Doc's car, opens the door as planned, and delivers the lines Marty told him, but is taken off-guard realizing that he is not only dealing with Biff, but his "rescue" is now the real deal. He takes a half-hearted punch at Biff, who grabs his arm and begins to twist it. When Lorraine pleades with Biff and tries to intervene, Biff roughly pushes a Lorraine off and onto the ground and begins laughing, George summons up the strength and courage, curls his left hand into a fist, and punches Biff squarely in the jaw, knocking him out. Marty, freed from the trunk thanks to Marvin Berry himself, races to the scene just in time to see Biff slump to the ground at George's feet. George takes the grateful Lorraine's hand and the two go into the dance hall. Marty, knowing that his future isn't sealed until George kisses Lorraine, goes back to the band and finds that Marvin is unable to play guitar having injured his hand while freeing Marty from the trunk. Marty agrees to play guitar in Marvin's place and the band strikes up again, playing a romantic song ("Earth Angel"). Marty, already weak because his parents' love is not confirmed, begins to fade into non-existence when a fellow student cuts in between George and Lorraine on the dance floor, however, George regains his courage, takes Lorraine back and kisses her passionately. Marty is instantly revived and finishes the song and sees his mother and father happily in each others arms. Berry asks Marty to play another number with the band. Reluctant at first, Marty can't resist the opportunity and launches the band into "Johnny B. Goode". While Marty plays, Marvin Berry calls his cousin Chuck (the soon-to-be-famous rock n' roll star), telling him that he found the "new sound" Chuck was looking for. Marty does Chuck Berry's trademark duck walk, and then gets carried away imitating other guitar heroes - windmilling his arm and kicking over his amplifier in imitation of Pete Townshend, lying on the stage kicking his legs in imitation of Angus Young, playing behind his head like Jimi Hendrix, and tapping in the style of Eddie Van Halen. In the face of uncomprehending stares from the audience, while lost in heavy metal riffing, Marty stops and tells the students "I guess you're not ready for *that*. But your kids are gonna LOVE it." Marty turns to leave the dance and runs into George and Lorraine. Lorraine asks if it's OK for George to take her home and Marty heartily agrees. He also advises them that if they have a son who accidentally sets fire to the living room rug when he's eight years old, to go easy on him, implying that he's talking about himself At the town square, Doc waits impatiently for Marty. Marty arrives, saying he needed time to change back into his 1985 clothes. As they prepare for the event, Doc discovers the note from Marty in his pocket. Refusing to know too much about his future, he tears up the note without reading it. Just then, a falling tree limb disconnects the cable he has installed from the clock tower to the street. Doc climbs again to the clock tower and has Marty feed him the cable. Marty also tries to warn Doc about his death but is drowned out by thunder. Marty runs back to the DeLorean and races off to the starting point Doc has painted for him. While waiting for the timer to go off, wishing he had more time, then realizing that he has all the time we wants because he's in a time machine, he resets his destination time to arrive 11 minutes earlier than he left so he can warn Doc. Just then, the car stalls and Marty frantically tries to start it again. When it does restart, after the timer goes off, Marty begins speeding toward the town square. Despite some difficulty, Doc reconnects the cable just as the lighting bolt surges through the line and the DeLorean speeds off into the future, leaving behind a pair of fire trails. Doc celebrates joyously in the street. Thirty years later, at 1:24 AM, a homeless bum is seen sleeping on a bench in the town square when he is woken up by three sonic booms, just as the DeLorean materializes and slams into the porno theatre just down the block. The bum, Red, quips "Crazy drunk drivers." Marty backs the DeLorean out and turns around, only for the car to promptly ice up from the time travel trip. Just then, the Libyans' blue VW minibus passes by, driving recklessly. Marty jumps back into the DeLorean only to have it stall on him again. Marty is forced to run to the mall where the initial experiment is taking place. As he arrives, we see that the sign now reads "Lone Pine Mall," showing that Peabody never regrew the pine tree that Marty destroyed. He sees Doc get shot, again and watches from a distance as the Libyans chase his previous self around the parking lot. When the DeLorean vanishes and Marty's counterpart goes back to 1955, the Libyans lose control of their van, which and crashes into the photo kiosk & tips on its side, trapping the Libyans. Marty runs down to Doc. Marty is devastated that he couldn't arrive in time to save Doc. Doc, however, suddenly sits up. Marty is stunned until Doc opens his shirt, revealing that he's wearing a bulletproof vest. Marty asks him about the consequences of changing the future and the space-time continuum and the Doc admit, "Well, I thought, 'What the hell!'". Doc drives Marty home and tells him he plans to venture about 30 years into the future. He then ramps the DeLorean up to 88 mph and drives off into the night in a flash of light. Marty wakes up the next morning to find that the furniture in his house is arranged differently. Dave is wearing a suit and working an office job. Linda seems to be having trouble keeping track of all the teenage boys who keep calling her for dates, much to Dave's exasperation. George and Lorraine arrive home from a tennis match, happy and even a bit frisky. Lorraine asks Marty about the camping trip he has planned with Jennifer, to which Marty mentions that the car is wrecked. Everyone starts barking about it until George shows them that Biff is waxing the car, a late model BMW, in the driveway. Biff now runs an auto detailing service and now is working for George, rather than the other way around. George seems amused at Biff's efforts to get away with as little work as possible (but now confronts Biff to complete the work he was hired for; two coats of wax instead of only one). Biff jokingly says that he'll complete the work properly. Moments later, Biff comes into the house carrying a box filled with copies of George's first published book, the cover of which resembles Marty's appearance in the radiation suit. Marty is unsure how to take everything in when Biff hands him a set of keys. They are for the Toyota pickup truck he'd been thinking about purchasing with Jennifer back at the beginning of the movie. As Marty goes into the garage and looks at the truck, quite astonished that the future had been altered so dramatically for himself and his family, Jennifer appears behind Marty. He's relieved to see her and happy that his family is happier as well. Suddenly there is a burst of electricity and the DeLorean screeches to a halt. Doc gets out, dressed in wild clothing and tells Marty he needs to come with him to the future; something is wrong with his and Jennifer's kids. Doc gathers "fuel" by rummaging through a garbage can and loads it into a new addition to the car's engine called Mr. Fusion. All three pile into the DeLorean and it backs out of the driveway. Marty tells the Doc he needs to back up further to get up to 88 mph, as they have no road. Doc replies, "Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads!" Doc has converted the car to a hovercraft. The car takes off, and flies at the camera... and the words "To be continued..." flash on the screen. 
 Back to the Future Part II (1989)761) After visiting 2015, Marty McFly must repeat his visit to 1955 to prevent disastrous changes to 1985...without interfering with his first trip. Marty McFly has only just gotten back from the past, when he is once again picked up by Dr. Emmett Brown and sent through time to the future. Marty's job in the future is to pose as his own son to prevent him from being thrown in prison. Unfortunately, things get worse when the future changes the present. FilmFanUk This movie begins where Back to the Future ended; with Marty, Doc and Jennifer going into the future to help Marty and Jennifer's children. After doing that they return to 1985. But when they arrive they discover that things are not as they remember it. There's a casino which is owned by, of all people, Biff. Marty learns that his father was killed a few years ago and his mother is now married to Biff. Marty meets with Doc who thinks he knows what happened. Somehow Biff got his hands on a book from the future which has in it all sports results and he used it to bet on sports and amass his fortune. Marty said he considered doing that but Doc nixed it. Somehow the Biff from the future discovered about the time machine and Marty's plan and used the time machine to give his younger self the book. So they have to find out when Biff got the book so they can take it away from him. So Marty goes to see him and confronts him about it and Biff also tells him that he was the one who killed George. Marty and Doc then go back to, of all places, 1955 on the day of the school dance. So Marty tries to get the book while trying to avoid being seen by Doc's younger self and himself who's getting ready to go back to 1985. Marty at times gets the book but when Biff calls him a coward, Marty gets incensed which leads to him losing the book so he has to try and get it again. rcs0411@yahoo.com After a wacky trip to 1955, Marty McFly returns to his own time only to find himself going with his friend Doc Brown to the year 2015 to straighten out a family problem. When they return to 1985 however, they quickly discover that Biff Tannen has turned Hill Valley into a hell hole. Their only chance to restore their original time is to return to 1955 to set things right. Blazer346 The second part of the trilogy begins as Doc, Marty, and Jennifer take the time-traveling DeLorean into the year 2015 to straighten out the future of the McFly family. But Biff Tannen steals the time machine and gives his younger self a book containing 50 years of sports statistics, which the young Biff uses to amass an enormous gambling fortune and transform idyllic Hill Valley into a living hell. To restore the present, Doc and Marty must return to the events of their previous adventure in 1955 and retrieve the book. David Thiel <d-thiel@uiuc.edu> Marty McFly and Doc Brown make an exhilarating visit to the year 2015 seemingly to resolve a few problems with the future McFly family. But when the two return home, they soon discover someone has tampered with time to produce a nightmarish Hill Valley, 1985. Their only hope is to once again get back to 1955 and save the future. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After returning to his own time (albeit with his actions in 1955 having altered his family's fortunes for the better), Marty McFly (Michael J Fox) is ready to take his girlfriend Jennifer Parker (Elizabeth Shue) for a ride in his Toyota truck. Suddenly, with three sonic booms, the DeLorean Time Machine pulls into the house's driveway, and Doc Brown (Christopher Lloyd) emerges, demanding the two get in the time machine, and come with him back to the future! The two comply, but as the time machine's wheels fold down and it lifts off into the air, no one in the car sees Biff Tannen (Thomas F Wilson) witnessing them taking off. The time machine sends Doc, Marty and Jennifer, to October 26th, 2015. When Jennifer grows to eager to know what happened to her and Marty, Doc uses a sleep-inducing alpha rhythm generator to put her to sleep and keep her from asking questions. After landing the time machine in an alleyway near the Hill Valley courthouse, Doc and Marty deposit Jennifer on a nearby loading dock, before Marty changes into some clothing provided by Doc. It is then that Doc explains to Marty that on this day, Marty's son Marty McFly Jr (Michael J Fox) gets talked into doing something illegal by Griff Tannen (Thomas F Wilson) and his gang. Marty is supposed to take his son's place and refuse to go along with the scheme, while Doc uses the alpha rhythm generator to detain Marty Jr, until Marty completes his mission. Marty then strolls out onto the town square, enamored by all the changes that have taken place in the last 30 years. For a moment, he stops and looks in the window of an antique store called "Blast from the Past," which has a number of vintage items, including a sports almanac. Making his way to the "Cafe 80's," Marty is surprised to run into an older Biff Tannen (Thomas F Wilson), who berates Marty McFly Jr's "old man" to be a loser. Before Marty can find out more information, Griff shows up, and drags his grandfather outside to finish waxing his car. Things get tense for Marty when Marty Jr DOES show up, and he ducks out-of-sight. Marty is shocked to find out that his son is "a complete wimp," but when Marty Jr angers Griff, the manic Tannen throws Marty Jr over the nearby counter, knocking the kid out. Marty then takes his son's place and refuses to give into Griff's demands, but as he attempts to walk out the door, Griff calls Marty "a chicken." Marty is about to attack Griff, when Griff pulls out a hidden baseball bat, and almost takes his head off! Marty rushes outside, and takes a hoverboard from a little girl. Griff's gang gives chase, and Marty is able to get away, before the board coasts to a stop over the Courthouse Square's duck pond. Griff uses the opportunity to pull out his heavy-duty Pitbull hoverboard, and once his gang hooks on, they attempt to mow down Marty. At the last minute, Marty manages to duck, causes the bully and his gang to fly right into the Courthouse's windows, and crash on through! In the aftermath, Marty attempts to return the hoverboard, but the little girl lets him keep it, having absconded with Griff's Pitbull hoverboard. After this, Marty encounters an old man named Terry (Charles Fleischer) who asks Marty for funds to save the clock tower, when a news graphic pops up showing the Chicago Cubs have won the World Series, against the Miami Gators. When Terry comments how he wishes he could have put some money on the Cubs, Marty gets an idea. Returning to the "Blast from the Past" store, Marty purchases the "Grey's Sports Alamanac" he saw earlier. On his way out, he encounters Doc landing the DeLorean, before having to explain about the crowd gathered in front of the Courthouse. Doc is at first incensed that Marty Jr showed up (blaming the use of the sleep-inducer on Jennifer for not giving the proper knockout dosage), but the two soon realize that because of the hoverboarding incident, Griff will go to jail, and Marty's family is saved! As they prepare to retrieve Jennifer, Doc finds the sports almanac, and lectures Marty for attempting to use time-travel for financial gain. Throwing the almanac in a nearby trash can, Doc and Marty then find out some local police officers have found Jennifer. Overhearing that they're taking her back to her home in Hilldale, the two take off in pursuit...unaware that old Biff has heard what they said, and retrieves the thrown-away sports almanac. After she is returned to the McFly house, Jennifer hides in a closet, as she sees the family prepare for dinner. Their daughter Marlene (Michael J Fox) greets Grandma Lorraine (Lea Thompson) and Grandpa George (Jeffrey Weissman) as they arrive. When Lorraine mentions the broken scene-screen, Marlene mentions how Marty got upset with the repairman for calling him a chicken. Lorraine once again brings up an automobile accident Marty had with a Rolls-Royce 30 years ago, all because someone called him chicken. Meanwhile, Doc and Marty have landed nearby. Doc takes his dog Einstein with him to retrieve Jennifer, and leaves Marty with the DeLorean. However, Marty is soon distracted by an automatic dog-walker, and doesn't see old Biff get out of a cab, and steal the time machine! Back in the McFly house, Jennifer watches as Marty Sr takes a video call from a co-worker named Needles (Flea). Marty is unsure about being a part of Needles' illegal plan, but gives in when he's called a chicken. A few moments later, Marty is shocked when his boss Mr Fujitsu (Jim Ishida) contacts him, claiming he was monitoring the call, and has Marty fired, causing a "your're fired" message to be printed out on fax machines throughout the home (even one near Jennifer, who takes it). Doc manages to find where Jennifer is hiding, and tells her to head out through the front door. She manages to make her way there, only to encounter her older self! The shock of seeing herself older, causes her to pass out, and Doc catches her before she falls. After finding Marty nearby, Doc gets him to help carry Jennifer back to the DeLorean (which has just been returned by old Biff...who has painfully stumbled out of the vehicle, breaking the top of his cane off inside the car!). Doc the claims when they get back to 1985, he intends to destroy the time machine to prevent any further damage to the space-time continuum. Once everyone is in the car, Doc sets the time circuits for October 26th, 1985, and they land near Jennifer's home. Doc claims they'll leave her on her family's porch-swing, and Marty can come back later, to convince her that the 2015 adventure was just a dream. As they leave, Marty questions when Jennifer's parents put bars on the front windows. Doc then drives Marty back to the McFly's residence, before driving the DeLorean back to his lab. Marty then sneaks in through his house's rear window, but finds a girl (Nikki Birdsong) sleeping in his room. Her screams wake up her family, and Marty is chased out of the house by her father (Al White)! Marty runs down the street, seeing the once-gentrified street in a state of disarray. Coming upon one house, he grabs the newspaper on the front-step, and is shocked to see that it is dated October 26th, 1985! Suddenly, he hears the cocking of a gun, and turns to find Mr Strickland(James Tolkan), brandishing a shotgun. Marty attempts to reason with the armed man claiming Strickland gave him detention last week. Strickland claims the school burned down 6 years ago, but the moment is interrupted by a drive-by shooting, and Marty rushes off into the night! He eventually ends up at the Hill Valley Courthouse, which has been turned into Biff's Pleasure Paradise and Casino! Marty soon finds himself watching a video at the steps of the nearby Biff Tannen Museum, that explains how Biff's 'fabulous winning streak' at sports gambling, caused him to gain local power, and influence those in higher office. When Marty finds out that Biff married his mother Lorraine, he freaks out, but is then subdued by Biff's gang of Match (Billy Zane), 3D (Casey Siemaszko), and Skinhead (JJ Cohen). Marty then wakes up on the 27th floor of the Pleasure Paradise, where he finds his Mom! Biff arrives shortly afterwards, claiming Marty is supposed to be at a boarding school in Switzerland. Lorraine attempts to stand-up to Biff and claim she's leaving him, but when Biff threatens to financially cut off her kids and possibly jail them, she quiets down. Once Biff leaves, Marty pleads to know where his father George McFly is. When Lorraine mentions "Oak Park Cemetery," Marty rushes off into the night. In the darkness, he finds a tombstone, showing George's death having been on March 15th, 1973. Suddenly, a shadow falls over the tombstone, and Marty turns to find Doc and the DeLorean. They return to Doc's garage, where he explains he went to the public library to find out more information. Given it was shut down, Doc 'borrowed' some of the old newspaper records, and began piecing together what happened (as he mentions this, Marty finds the headline telling of his father's murder in 1973, and tears it out of the library binding). Doc surmises that prior to the current date, something in the past caused the timeline they were on, to skew into the "Alternate 1985" they are currently in (while Marty, Doc, and Einstein find this timeline incorrect, everyone else finds it totally normal). Doc also reveals that he found the receipt for the Sports Almanac in the DeLorean, along with the top of Old Biff's cane. Doc surmises that Old Biff is the cause of this, and in showing Marty a picture of young Biff winning a big horse race bet in 1958, they can see the top of the sports almanac sticking out of his pocket! Marty figures they need to back to the future to stop old Biff, but Doc claims that will do no good, since the current timeline, would lead them into a future of their current reality, one in which Doc has been committed by local authorities. To repair the damage, they have to go into the past, but not before finding out where, when, and how young Biff got the sports almanac. Marty then confronts Biff back at the casino. The fact that Marty knows about the almanac, leads Biff to tell Marty how on November 12th, 1955, he was picking up his car when an old man confronted him. It was then that Biff received the almanac, though he had no idea who the old man was, or believed his claim to be "a distant relative." Biff then shows Marty the almanac, before putting it back in his safe. While his back is turned, Marty purloins a casino matchbook from a nearby tray. As Biff turns back, he tells Marty that the old man claimed that "a crazy wild-eyed scientist or a kid may show up asking about that book," and then pulls out a small pistol! Marty manages to distract Biff, but barely escapes as the madman attempts to kill him! Marty rushes onto the hotel roof, where he is cornered. Marty claims that if Biff kills him, they can match the bullet to his gun, but Biff claims he owns the police...who couldn't match up the bullet that killed George McFly. Biff is surprised when Marty falls over the edge of the roof, but as he goes to examine the body, Biff finds Marty has landed on the hood of the DeLorean, before Doc knocks Biff out by opening the driver's side door! Marty and Biff then set the time circuits to November 12th, 1955, though there is a moment of worry when the time circuits begin flashing January 1st, 1885. Doc manages to fix this temporarily, but as they head back to 1955, Marty notes that they are leaving Jennifer and Einstein behind. However, Doc claims that "assuming" they succeed in their mission, the changes they make will affect the present timeline, and both Jennifer and Einstein will be fine. Once back in 1955, Doc hides the DeLorean behind the Lyon Estates advertisement outside the town. Giving Marty some binoculars, a walkie-talkie and some money, Doc tells Marty that he has to find young Biff and tail him, but not to interfere with old Biff giving his younger self the almanac (old Biff still needs to bring the DeLorean he's stolen back to the future). Doc also cautions Marty to be careful to not run into his 'other self,' since Marty's other self is going to be at the Enchantment Under the Sea Dance tonight, and the 1955 Doc will be prepping for the clocktower lightning strike. Marty manages to get some 50's clothing, and tails young Biff to the Western Auto store near the Courthouse. As young Biff haggles over the $300 price of cleaning his car, Marty hides in the backseat. From there he witnesses Biff harassing Lorraine, before she and her friend run off. It is then that young Biff finds an old man sitting in his car...and is even more surprised when the old man manages to get the car to start! Old Biff drives his younger self back to his Grandma's house, where he attempts to give himself the almanac, but young Biff just thinks the old man is playing a joke on him. Old Biff then turns on the radio, and his younger self is surprised when the almanac predicts the final score of the football game they're listening to! Young Biff then takes the almanac, and he and the old man leave the garage, locking the door and trapping Marty inside! Marty radios to Doc to get him out, but Doc claims he has to find another method to do so, since he can't take the time machine out in the daylight. Marty is stuck in the garage until nightfall, when young Biff opens the garage doors, and heads off to the dance. Just as Biff leaves, Doc peddles up on a bicycle into the Tannen's driveway, where he finds the garage empty. As Doc peddles through town, his walkie-talkie goes off, and Marty explains he's on his way to the dance. As Doc cautions him to watch out for his 'other-self,' Doc himself has to deal with the same when his 1955 counterpart asks for a wrench from a nearby toolbox. Doc hand off the wrench, while keeping his identity hidden from his past-self. Once Biff arrives at Hill Valley High School, he takes the almanac with him, and Marty trails him into the school auditorium. As he observes Biff and his gang spiking the punch and looking at a girly magazine called "Ooh-la-la," he watches as Mr Strickland notices the gang, who then beat a hasty retreat outside. While Biff sends his gang to find "Calvin Klein" (aka the 1955 Marty), Biff reads through the girly magazine, Marty attempts to get the almanac from his back pocket when Strickland shows up, and confiscates it! Marty trails Strickland to his office, and once the school administrator takes a drink of liquor, he tosses the magazine in the office trash can and leaves! Marty rushes for the book, but finds the girly magazine, with the almanac's cover on it! Panicking over what to do next, Marty notices out the window that his father is confronting Biff in the parking lot. Marty rushes out, and once his other-self, Lorraine, and George have left the scene, swoops in and recovers the almanac from Biff! Marty radios to Doc that he's got the book, but not before Biff's gang finds Marty, and give chase. Doc meanwhile, attempts to fly off to the school, but the DeLorean hits the billboard, causing the time circuits to malfunction temporarily, and trailing a length of advertising pennants from the sign. Back at the school, Marty has managed to evade Biff's gang, but as they come into the auditorium and see Marty's past-self onstage, they head to the side, attempting to take him out once he finishes playing the song "Johnny B Goode!" Marty hatches a plan that ends up knocking the thugs out, preventing a major paradox with his past self. Radioing to Doc that everything is fine, Doc tells Marty he'll be landing on the school roof soon. Rushing outside just as his past-self meets Lorraine and George, Marty then encounters Biff who wants to fight. Marty declines, but when Biff calls him a chicken, Marty is ready to go...until his past-self throws open the nearby door, running off as he knocks Marty to the ground! This causes the almanac to be revealed inside Marty's jacket, leading Biff to angrily kick Marty hard, before rushing to his car, and driving off! Marty rushes to the roof and tells Doc what happened. They then head towards the River Road Tunnel, trailing Biff. As Doc lowers the DeLorean, Marty uses the hoverboard from 2015, to get closer to Biff's car. Just as he's about to recover the book, Biff notices him! Biff attempts to make Marty let go, but the determined teenager hangs on. As they approach the River Road Tunnel, Biff attempts to crush Marty against the wall. Marty manages to avoid this, and makes another attempt for the book. Biff barely manages to avoid hitting a truck, before attempting to squash Marty against the tunnel's other wall, before Marty recovers the almanac! However, as Marty attempts to return back the way he came, Biff turns his vehicle around, and barrels on towards Marty, attempting to run him over. Marty just barely makes it to the tunnel entrance, when a string of pennants falls from the sky, and he grabs on...being hoisted aloft by Doc in the DeLorean! As Biff looks skyward, he is distracted and barrels into the back of the truck he almost hit in the tunnel: an A Jones manure truck, that once again ends up coating him and his car in the foul-smelling stuff! Doc flies Marty back to the Lyon Estates area. While Marty is able to settle down on the ground, Doc tries to maneuver around in the high winds and flashes of lighting as the thunderstorm begins to roll in. Doc tells Marty over the walkie-talkie to burn the almanac. Marty places the book in an old bucket, and using the book of matches from Biff's casino, sets it aflame. As he looks at the matchbook, Maraty notices the words "Pleasure Paradise," become the words "Auto Detailing!" Pulling out the newspaper that says "George McFly Murdered," Marty is ecstatic as the headline becomes, "George McFly Honored." Marty radios to Doc about the changes, and Doc looks at the newspaper headline he has, showing that instead of being "committed," he is being "commended!" With the future fixed, Doc prepares to retrieve Marty, when a bolt of lightning almost hits the DeLorean, but strikes a nearby tree! As Doc attempts to recover, a series of lightning bolts strike the DeLorean, that then disappears from the sky! As Marty attempts to radio Doc, the pennants he used fall to the ground, before the storm brings the rain. Suddenly, a car pulls up behind Marty, and a man gets out, asking if he is speaking to "Marty McFly." When Marty affirms, the man claims he's from Western Union, and presents Marty with a letter that was given to the local office, 70 years ago. Marty opens it up, and finds it is a letter from Doc Brown, dated September 1st, 1885! Knowing there's only one man who can help him, Marty rushes off towards the town square. Arriving minutes after his past-self went back to the future, Marty confronts 1955 Doc, who faints upon seeing another Marty in his presence! 