nm0011800:

 Curse of the ShadowBorg (1997 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Brake (I) (2012)431) A Secret Service Agent is held captive in the trunk of a car and endures mental and physical torture as terrorists attempt to extract information for their plot against the President of the United States. What appears to be a random kidnapping becomes something more sinister when Secret Service Agent Jeremy Reins discovers he's being used as a pawn in a terrorist plot. Watching the clock tick down to an unknown catastrophe, Jeremy is forced by his captors to listen to the outside world on the brink of collapse, knowing that the only way to save the people he loves is to divulge a secret that he has sworn to protect. Anonymous Secret service agent, Jeremy awakens in a solid perspex box in the back of a car. He's told he has to give up a secret which he's sworn never divulge. If he doesn't, people he knows will die. While in the box he can hear and talk to others in the same situation via a C.B radio. At the same time there's a clock ticking down, making his situation more intense. A lot of lives depend on him and the secret he holds. Michael Hallows Eve Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Man gets stuck in trunk of car. Gets out. Home in time for his tea. 
 Hourglass (2014)Summaries An Air Force Test pilot wakes to find himself in the middle of Area 51 and has no idea how he got there. This will prove to be a personal hell from which there is no escape. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 BeetleBorgs (19961998)Summaries Their wish to become comic book heroes forces three kids to take on the heroes' mortal enemies. A trio of preteens are dared by two snobby brothers into going into a haunted house that is occupied by a trio of monsters. The kids accidentally free a genie that is trapped in a pipe organ. The genie offers to grant the kids one wish. The kids decide they want to become their favorite comic book heroes "BeetleBorgs". The genie grants the kids' wish but also accidentally unleashes the villains from the comics. Now the kids must use their new powers to get the villains back into the comics . Slasherfred It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 