nm0001407:

 The Process (II) (2017)Summaries The Process, a documentary film that takes the audience for an inside, behind the scenes look of world renowned acting and directing coach, Larry Moss. The film follows Moss working with a young director and his actors, through a rehearsal process that will elicit a richer comedic performance by exploring the subtext of gifted comedic writers. The film also features Academy Award Winner James L. Brooks and USC Cinematic Arts Professor, Barnet Kellman, and a special clip with Tracey Ullman and Mel Brooks from The Tracey Ullman Show. MayRae Productions It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rules of Engagement (20072013)Summaries Two couples and their single friend, all at different stages in their relationships, deal with the complications of dating, commitment, and marriage. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Silk Stalkings (19911999)Summaries "Cassy" St. John and Tom Ryan are the new duo in town. It is now their job to catch the killers of Palm Beach. Cassandra "Cassy" St. John and Tom Ryan are the new duo in town. It is now their job to catch the killers of Palm Beach. They are ex-partners, who got married, and then divorced. Now they are partnered together again. Rita left the show to care for her and Chris's unborn child. <silkstalkings@usa.net> Rita Lee Lance and Chris Lorenzo (each with the nickname of "Sam") solve high-profile crimes of passion for the Palm Beach Police Department. They'll stop at nothing in their pursuit of those who, due to their power or fame, feel that they are above the law of the land. Jim Kenney <benson@soc!.soc.qc.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Perfect Crime (1997 TV Movie)Summaries Mitzi Kapture portrays a military investigator trying to convict an officer of killing his wife. Convinced the officer committed the crime but hindered by lack of physical evidence (including a body), she must interview military personnel who have differing views of the events and circumstances surrounding the murder. <silkstalkings@usa.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 