nm0004862:

 Sex and the City (19982004)Summaries Four female New Yorkers gossip about their sex lives (or lack thereof) and find new ways to deal with being a woman in the late 1990s. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Journey 2: The Mysterious Island (2012)651) Sean Anderson partners with his mom's husband on a mission to find his grandfather, who is thought to be missing on a mythical island. Ever since his adventure in the center of the Earth, Sean Anderson has been looking for other places mentioned by Verne and other Vernians. He is notified about a coded message, and breaks into a satellite facility to fully receive it. With the help from his stepfather Hank (Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson) he decodes the message leading him to find the map that leads him to Verne's mysterious island. Along with Gabato and Kailani, Sean embarks on a mission to find his grandfather, the legendary Vernian Alexander. But unexpected problems arise as Alexander made a mistake that could change everything. Anonymous User - Earth After travelling to the center of the Earth, Sean Anderson, now seventeen, has been at the usual teen schemes lately. His latest crime lands him to finding something extraordinary, a key to a chunk of land in the Pacific Ocean. Sean teams up with his stepfather, Hank, to get there, and they meet an overeager chopper pilot, and his teenage daughter, to get to Sean's grandfather, Alexander, only to discover the mysterious island. After going to the center of the Earth, seventeen-year-old Sean Andeson goes on a journey to find The Mysterious Island, a legend discovered by Jules Verne. Assisted by his stepfather, Hank, the pair team up with a helicopter pilot and his beautiful daughter to find Sean's lost grandfather, whom Sean believes is on the island. The team encounters monsters, witty remarks, and a deadly conflict along the way. Seventeen-year-old Sean Anderson receives a coded distress signal from a mysterious island where no island should exist. Unable to stop tracking the signal, he sets out with a small group on a journey to the mysterious island, a place few people have ever seen or lived to tell about. What they find is an island of stunning beauty, strange and threatening life forms, volcanoes, mountains of gold, and more than one astonishing secret. Warner Bros. Publicity Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 17-year-old Sean Anderson receives a coded distress signal from a mysterious island where no island should exist. Unable to stop him from tracking the signal to its source, Sean's new stepfather, Hank, joins the quest that will take them first to the South Pacific, and then to a place few people have ever seen. Or lived to tell about. It's a place of stunning beauty, strange and threatening life forms, volcanoes, mountains of gold and more than one astonishing secret. Together with Gabato, the only helicopter pilot willing to risk the trip, and Gabato's beautiful, strong-willed daughter Kailani, they set out to find the island, rescue its lone human inhabitant and escape before seismic shockwaves force the island underwater and bury its treasures forever. 
 Sex and the City (2008)541) A New York City writer on sex and love is finally getting married to her Mr. Big. But her three best girlfriends must console her after one of them inadvertently leads Mr. Big to jilt her. After moving in together in an impossibly beautiful New York apartment, Carrie Bradshaw and Mr. Big make a rather arbitrary decision to get married. The wedding itself proves to be anything but a hasty affair--the guest list quickly blooms from 75 to 200 guests, and Carrie's simple, label-less wedding gown gives way to an enormous creation that makes her look like a gigantic cream puff. An upcoming photo spread in Vogue puts the event--which will take place at the New York Public Library--squarely in the public eye. Meanwhile, Carrie's girlfriends--Samantha, the sexpot; Charlotte, the sweet naf; and Miranda, the rigid perfectionist--could not be happier. At least, they couldn't be happier for Carrie. Charlotte still has the unrealized hope of getting pregnant. Samantha is finding a loving, committed relationship more grueling than she could have imagined. Miranda unwittingly lets her own unhappiness--created when Steve admits to cheating on her just once--spoil Carrie's. After a heated encounter with Steve, she happens to spot Mr. Big and tells him he's crazy to get married. She's really only thinking of her own marriage. But her angry remark gets Mr. Big to thinking. J. Spurlin New York "Sex and the City" columnist Carrie Bradshaw and her three best girlfriends - PR maven Samantha Jones, lawyer Miranda Hobbes and art gallery curator Charlotte York - have long mastered one of the two "L"s to which she believes all women arriving in New York aspire: labels. As such, the foursome, three years after John Preston AKA Mr. Big professed his love to Carrie and three books by Carrie on their life later, focus on the other "L": love. Charlotte believes she has the perfect love life with husband Harry Goldenblatt and their adopted two year old daughter Lily. She is hyper-vigilant in ensuring that that life remains perfect especially in light of some unexpected news on the home front. Extremely self-confident Samantha, now living in Los Angeles with her younger client/boyfriend, actor Smith Jerrod, is in love with him, but feels that she is losing her sense of identity to Smith's rising star. This revelation is even more troubling to her with a handsome new neighbor moving in next door, he who always seems to be having sex with a different woman every night. Miranda and her bartender husband Steve Brady are facing problems maintaining a healthy sex life as Miranda focuses her attentions on caring for their five year old son, Brady Hobbes. This and a subsequent action by Steve places a strain on their love life and marriage. And Carrie and Big make the decision to buy an apartment together. The lavish apartment they choose and the subsequent financial arrangement they embark upon lead to Carrie and Big deciding to get married. Combined with a request by Vogue editor Enid Frick to Carrie, Carrie and Big come to individual views as to the emotional toll on each other of their decision, which is complicated by a statement by Miranda. A result is that Carrie, for the first time, hires a personal assistant, a young woman named Louise from St. Louis who unwittingly helps Carrie come to grips with her personal problems. Through the trials and tribulations of the four in dealing with their respective love lives, they, as always, lend their emotional support to the other three. Huggo Mr. Big and Carrie buy a magnificent penthouse in Manhattan and they decide to get married. Enid Frick invites Carrie to take pictures for a special edition of Vogue about marriage of women of forty and something years. During the preparation, Carrie raises the guest list from seventy-five to two hundred guests, and a simple wedding dress to a fashionable Vivienne Westwood, intimidating Mr. Big in his third wedding. Meanwhile Miranda has no sex with Steve and he confesses that he had had one night stand with a woman. On the eve of the wedding, in the rehearsal dinner, the upset Miranda tells Mr. Big that marriage ruins everything. On the next day, the scared Mr. Big calls off the wedding leaving Carrie in the church. Carrie feels humiliated and depressed and Samantha, Miranda and Charlotte decide to travel to Mexico with Carrie to the hotel where she was supposed to spend her honeymoon. When Carries returns, she hires the assistant Louise to help her to organize her life. When Miranda discloses what she told to Mr. Big to Carrie in the rehearsal dinner, their friendship is shaken. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Carrie Bradshaw finally gets the commitment she has dreamed of from the non-committal Mr Big. They are getting married. Having been married before, he would prefer a small affair. But, Carrie soon gets carried away with dreams of a fashionista's dream wedding, as she tries on wedding dresses from top designers. Mr Big gets cold feet after talking to Miranda, who is really projecting the problems she is facing in her own marriage. Things have dwindled for Steve and Miranda, leading him to sleep with someone else. They separate as a result. When Mr Big deserts Carrie at the alter, the girls take off on what-would-have-been her honeymoon. The girls have a great time, but it takes Carrie a while before she is able to laugh again. Samantha calls Miranda out on letting herself go, suggesting that she is neglecting herself and her marriage. Charlotte is paranoid about drinking the water, but inadvertently drinks some in the shower. Unfortunately, this leads to an embarrassing case of diarrhea. Samantha has been finding it frustrating being so far away from an increasingly busy Smith, whose acting career has taken off. She spies on a handsome man. On her return, Carrie decides to get her life in order by hiring an Assistant - who, it turns out, is also facing relationship troubles. However, things turnaround for this Assistant when her childhood sweetheart has a change of heart and proposes. So she leaves her employment with Carrie. On Valentine's day, Miranda confesses to Carrie that it was her fault that Mr Big got cold feet. Consequently, Carrie and Mr Big reconcile and have a small wedding at a registry office. 
 Sex and the City 2 (2010)Summaries While wrestling with the pressures of life, love, and work in Manhattan, Carrie, Miranda, and Charlotte join Samantha for a trip to Abu Dhabi (United Arab Emirates), where Samantha's ex is filming a new movie. Two years have passed since Carrie Bradshaw finally bagged John "Mr. Big" Preston, the man she was always meant to be with. Just as her friend Charlotte must deal with her young daughter's "terrible two's", Carrie must deal with her relationship taking a turn for the worse - Big likes to watch old black-and-white movies on TV and eat take-out food, which prevents Carrie from feeling like the free-wheeling party girl she used to be. Meanwhile, Miranda copes with a new boss that can't handle an intelligent, powerful woman, and Samantha works a public relations angle that gets the fashionable foursome an all-expense-paid trip to Abu Dhabi. The Massie Twins Carrie, Charlotte, Miranda and Samantha are each facing a major issue in their respective lives. Samantha is facing the onset of menopause and is doing whatever she can to stop that from happening. Miranda has a new senior partner who does not respect her solely because she's a woman. She decides to quit her job without an idea of what is to follow. Charlotte is feeling overwhelmed as a mother as her youngest, Rose, hits her terrible twos. Samantha also puts it into Charlotte's head that her wonderful but well endowed nanny, Erin, who walks around bra-less, could possibly be having an affair with Harry. And Carrie, realizing that with the decision not to have children means that it is just her and Big as a twosome forever, does not know if the rut in which she and Big have fallen is a sign that she and Big as a twosome is not sustainable. Carrie's personal concerns are heightened as she and Big discuss the concept of scheduled days apart from each other, and as her latest book of her take on married life get less than rave reviews. After Samantha runs into old beau, movie star Smith Jerrod, at his latest movie premiere, Shiekh Khalid, one of the movie's producers, offers Samantha an all expenses week long luxury trip to Abu Dhabi to discuss some possible PR work. Samantha accepts on the condition that she be allowed to bring her "three girls" with her. The four use the trip to escape from their problems at home. Although none can fully escape, Carrie faces her issue head on when she runs into a friend from her past in Abu Dhabi. And all four examine their own lives a little more closely as they, as women, experience life in a Muslim society up close and personal. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 