nm0002678:

 Man Vs. (2015)Summaries A mysterious stalker plagues a reality tv survivalist during his five days alone for a new season of his show in the northern Ontario wilderness; and the figure may not be human. As host of his own hit TV series, 'MAN VS', Doug Woods is forced to fend for himself for five days in remote locations with no crew, food, or water, only the cameras he carries on his back to film his experiences. Doug's in the remote woods for a routine episode, until he's awoken by an earth-shaking crash. Things get weirder as it becomes clear Doug isn't alone. Someone or something is watching him. MAN VS is a gripping 'found footage' thriller about one man's extraordinary desire to survive at all costs. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Wonder Years (19881993)44) Kevin Arnold recalls growing up during the late 60s and early 70s; the turbulent social times make the transition from child to adult unusually interesting. The series depicts the social and family life of a boy in a typical American suburban middle-class family from 1968 to 1973, covering the ages of 12 through 17. Each year in the series takes place exactly 20 years before airing (1988 to 1993). The show's plot centers on Kevin Arnold, son of Jack and Norma Arnold. Kevin's father holds a management job at NORCOM, a defense contractor, while his mother is a housewife. Kevin also has an older brother, Wayne, and an older sister, Karen. Two of Kevin's friends and neighbors are prominently featured throughout the series: his best friend, Paul Pfeiffer, and his crush-turned-girlfriend Gwendolyn "Winnie" Cooper. Storylines are told through Kevin's reflections as an adult in his mid-30s.. An adult Kevin Arnold reminisces on his teenage years spent growing up during the late 60s and early 70s. As he goes from adolescence to adulthood, he experiences, along with his best friend Paul and sometimes-girlfriend Winnie, the full range of trials and traumas that come in just about everyone's life. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> This 1988-1993 period dramedy takes place during the turbulent times of the late 1960s and 1970s. The show focuses on Kevin Arnold, a young teenager living in a quiet middle-class suburb, and his family and friends. Throughout the series' five-year run, Kevin deals with middle and high school, encounters puberty, has ups and downs with childhood sweetheart Winnie Cooper, deals with annoying older brother Wayne, and hangs out with geeky-but-lovable Paul. The series is told from Kevin's point-of-view. Allison L. Venezio <YankeeSNL01@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Lobster Tale (2006)Summaries A fisherman with a dysfunctional family discovers some moss with magical properties. Cody Brewer, a quiet New England fisherman isn't doing too well for himself. His wife feels neglected, and his son keeps getting picked on by the school bully. While out collecting his lobster traps one day, Cody finds a strange green moss that holds magical powers. Once word gets out about the magical moss, the entire town suddenly becomes Cody's best friend, all hoping to get a piece of it. With the townspeople clamoring for some moss and the already delicate state of the Brewer family, Cody has a tough time figuring out exactly what to do. Anonymous Cody Brewer is an independent New England lobster man. What he earns and what his wife of twenty years, Martha Brewer, earns as a waitress in a wharfside diner in combination is just enough to put food on the table and a roof over their heads, but not enough for the little luxuries in life. Martha does not mind their near poverty as she never expected a life of extravagance in marrying him, but she does wish that he would pay her more attention than he does his lobsters, attention such as that paid to her by her coworker Eddie. Their preteen son, Jake Brewer, however does mind their near poverty not only for not being able to purchase what he considers the basics in life, such as pair of pants that fit as opposed the ones he owns which are much too short and frayed at the bottom, but also in always having to defend himself and their family against the continual taunts, especially from older classmate Timmy Brock, whose wealthy father owns the town's clothing store. One day while out lobstering, Cody pulls up in his lobster trap some unusual bright green moss. Not knowing what it is, he decides to save it rather than throw it back into the ocean. Learning the hard way, he finds that it has restorative powers, a bright light emitting from the piece of moss used before it disappears forever. Everyone who learns of the moss is incredulous as to Cody's claim until they either witness its power first hand or until the stories become so widespread to become fact in their minds. By that time, Cody has what he estimates is enough moss for one or two more "miracles" as people come out of the woodwork wanting the moss for their minor ailments - such as bunions or shin splints - or for some purpose that would benefit them professionally. Cody, however, wants to keep the moss until he feels someone really needs it. Through all the pressure placed on the Brewer family because of the moss, Cody, Martha and Jake may come to a place in their lives of understanding what is truly important. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Way StationSummaries For more than 100 years Enoch Wallace has been the keeper of a Way Station on Earth for intergalactic alien travelers as they teleport across the universe. But the gifts of knowledge and immortality that his intergalactic guests have bestowed upon him are proving to be a nightmarish burden, for they have opened Enoch's eyes to humanity's impending destruction. Still, one final hope remains for the human race. Deadline It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 