nm0011698:

 Ugly Betty (20062010)55) Smart but wholesome Betty embraces her unique appearance and independent attitude in the cutthroat world of New York fashion. A young, smart and wise woman named Betty Suarez goes on a journey to find her inner beauty. The only problem is that it's hard for a slightly less attractive woman to find her beauty surrounded by tall skinny models at a fashion magazine but Betty doesn't let this stop her or her positive attitude towards her work. James Robson The series focuses on the life of wannabe writer Betty Suarez, a plain girl from Queens, N.Y., who is smart, hardworking and savvy but has a different sense of style. When publishing mogul Bradford Meade puts his son Daniel in charge of his Mode magazine, he hires Betty to be Daniel's new assistant -- mostly because he knows that she may be the only woman in Manhattan with whom the younger man won't sleep. Jwelch5742 Sweet and passionate Betty is thrown into the fast paced, overly thin and superficial world of fashion at Mode magazine. She is initially hired by the owner to ensure his immatue, player son doesn't sleep with her. Yet Betty earns Daniell Meade's respect and friendship and she helps him to secure his legacy against all the world of fashion can throw at them. Betty Suarez is smart, sweet and hard working. The only problem is that she's not thin and beautiful like all her coworkers at Mode, the high-fashion magazine where she works. The only reason the publisher hired her to be his son's secretary, is that he thought Betty was someone who Daniel would never sleep with. Betty's hard work and determination earns Daniel's respect, as she helps him find his way through the shark infested waters of the fashion industry. Ugly Betty is based on a Colombian telenovela " Yo soy Betty, la fea (1999) ". Peter Kevin Reeves It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 King Kong Lives (1986)321) Kong falls from the twin towers and he appears to be alive. However, his heart is failing, so it's replaced with an artificial one. All is well until he senses that there's a female Kong somewhere out there and escapes wreaking havoc. A giant ape King Kong, which was shot and fell off the World Trade Center tower, appears to be alive, but is in coma for 10 years and desperately needs a blood transfusion in order to have an artificial heart implanted. Suddenly, in the rainforest, another gigantic ape is found - this time a female. She is brought to the USA, and the heart is successfully implanted. But then King Kong, having sensed the female ape, breaks loose. Boris Shafir <shafir@hsi.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts where King Kong ended. Ten years after King Kong fell from the Twin Towers, we see him at the Atlanta University kept alive by doctors. Amy Flanklin (Linda Hamilton) is in charge of keeping King Kong alive. They build a heart in order to transplant it inside Kong, because his is finished. The problem is that they don't have enough plasma to do the operation. What they need is a miracle. In the jungles of Borneo, an adventurer Hank Mitchell (Brian Kerwin) happens to meet another giant ape. This one is female and she took a fancy to Mitchell. As he was being chased, the aboriginal of the area shoot spleeping darts at the ape, and Mitchell captures her. Somehow the Atlanta University got wind of the find and convince Mitchell to sell them the female. They can use here for the plasma and as a live specimen. Lady Kong is taken to the US and is kept in a nearby warehouse while they build her a facility. She somehow knows that King Kong is nearby and does eat. The doctors perform the operation to replace King Kongs heart and it is a success. Soon Kong wakes up and senses the female nearby. Mitchell convinces the University to move Lady Kong as quickly as possible because something is going to happen. . They agree but its too late. As they try to capture Lady Kong so they can transport her to her new facility, she doesn't go without being upset. That stirs up Kong to the point that he escapes. He arrives at the Warehouse and destroys the equipment used by the crew to subdue Lady Kong. HE takes her in his arms and they escape into the wilderness. Lt. Col. R.T. Nevitt (John Ashton) is given the task by the US Army to capture the apes. He prevents anyone from coming near the area so it makes it difficult for Dr. Franklin and MItchell to get near them. They however suceeds. Flanklin checks Kongs heart and its ine. The next morning, Flanklin and Mitchell notice that Kong is gone, leaving Lady Kong alone. A few minutes later, helicopters with gas are emptying their containers on Lady Kong. This makes her fall asleep. King Kong arrives and the army prevents him from getting close by bombing the area in front of him. The Army captures Lady Kong and take her away. King Kong is trapped on a mountain peek and jumps down into a river in order to escape. He hits his head on a large rock and everyone thinks he's dead. Col. Nevitt takes Lady Kong to an abandoned Missile Silo and prevents anyone from seeing the ape. After three months, Franklin manages to get a court order from the Pentagon and she manages to see the ape only once for a few minutes. Something is wrong, because the ape does not want to eat and she pines for her Kong. Mitchell comes back from Borneo with a deal for the University to buy a 10,000 acre piece of land for the kongs. Wehn he hears about how Lady Kong is treated, he gets upset and heads over to the Silo to get answers. He is quickly turned around. Meanwhile Kong survived in a swamp eating aligators. He suddenly hears the cry of Lady Kong miles away from him. Its too much for him and he decides to go after her. In his travel he encounters a small village and scares them. That information quickly reaches Col. Nevitt's ears and he proceeds to find Kong. The villagers proceed to go hunting after Kong and small group of them brings dynamite. They prepare an ambusgh and Kong eventually triggers the trap, The villagers have Kong trapped inside tons of boulders and they begin to torture him. Kong gets mad and kills them all. Now the Army has no choice but to kill Kong. Knowing that King Kong is on his way to save Lady Kong, the Army is prepared. The attack begins, but Kong manages to pass right through them and reaches the silo. Mitchell and Flanklin were about to release Lady Kong when they noticed she was pregnant. Kongs saves the female ape and they again escape. Duddenly, Lady Kong is in labour and falls on a barn. The army arrives and Kong has had enough. He attacks and the Army fires back. The shooting stops when Kong kills Col. AShton with one big knuckle punch. Hurt real bad, Kong reaches the barn just in time to see Lady Kong give birth to a son. Pleased that he has a son, Kong dies. Lady Kong is taken back to Borneo with her son. 
 JAG (19952005)44) The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office. JAG is an adventure drama about an elite wing of officers trained as lawyers who investigate, prosecute and defend those accused of crimes in the military. Navy Cmdr. Harmon "Harm" Rabb, an ace pilot turned lawyer, and Marine Lt. Col. Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie, a beautiful by-the-book officer, are colleagues who hold the same high standards but find themselves clashing when they choose different routes to get to the same place. The unmistakable chemistry between them must be held at bay for professional reasons as they traverse the globe together with a single mission: to search for and discover the truth. Helping them with their mission is Navy Lt. Cmdr. Bud Roberts, a lawyer who proved his grit and determination when, after losing a leg in a land mine field while on a mission, fought back and became even better at his job. Commander Harmon Rabb, Jr. and Lieutenant Colonel Sarah MacKenzie are JAG lawyers, who together investigate and litigate crimes committed by Navy and Marine personnel. Occasionally, they engage in adventurous activities in order to solve their cases. With Rabb's fighter pilot background, and MacKenzie's good looks, they are a hot team both in and out of the courtroom. Brian Michael <ford1989@hotmail.com> Lt. Harmon Rabb is a JAG lawyer and is accompanied by Lt. Sarah MacKenzie. Together, they solve cases and problems of various kinds. From a psycho who wanted to bomb a cruise ship from a submarine to taking a risky mission of recon photos. Rabb used to be a fighter pilot until he and his co-pilot were in an accident. From then, he became a JAG. Every week he and Lt. MacKenzie have a new case to solve. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Frasier (19932004)66) Dr. Frasier Crane moves back to his hometown of Seattle, where he lives with his father, and works as a radio psychiatrist. Dr. Frasier Crane, a successful Boston therapist, moves to Seattle to get a new start on life. He has a radio talk show, which he uses to relay his wit and wisdom to others, but at times he struggles with his own problems with his salt-of-the-earth father, his pretentious brother, and his friends and co-workers. Jwelch5742 Dr. Frasier Crane, a successful Boston therapist, moves to Seattle following his divorce to get a new start on life; he has a radio talk show, where he relays his wit and wisdom to aide callers, while dealing with a changed home life living with his salt-of-the-earth father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) and the senior Crane's physical therapist Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves). Frasier also reconnects with his sometimes uptight brother Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce) and finds new friends among his colleagues, especially his brash show producer Roz Doyle (Peri Gilpin) After many years spent at the "Cheers" bar, Frasier (Kelsey Grammer) moves back home to Seattle after his policeman father Martin Crane (John Mahoney) gets shot in the hip on duty. After Martin struggles with living alone after the incident, he moves in with Frasier in his luxury apartment at the Elliot Bay Towers along with his dog Eddie (played by Moose and later Enzo). Hired by Frasier, Daphne Moon (Jane Leeves) also moves in as Martin's personal physiotherapist. Also living nearby is his younger brother Niles Crane (David Hyde Pierce), who is also a Psychiatrist. Eminent Boston psychiatrist Frasier Crane, last seen gracing the bars of Cheers (1982), has left his life there to start afresh in Seattle. He now has a spot as a popular radio psychiatrist, giving him the chance to spread words of wit and wisdom to the masses. He shares his apartment with his retired cop father, Martin, and his father's physical care assistant, Daphne Moon. Add in brother Niles, Eddie the dog, some bizarre situations and plenty of humor, and you have all of the ingredients for an excellent show, and worthy successor to Cheers (1982). Mark Harding <mah@imdb.com> Recently divorced psychiatrist Dr. Frasier Crane moves from Boston, Massachusetts to his home town of Seattle, Washington, where his ex-policeman father, Martin Crane, and his psychiatrist brother, Niles Crane, also live. He moves into an expensive apartment with his father and his father's newly appointed health care worker from England, Daphne Moon, on whom Niles had a big secret crush for six years until they started dating. Frasier also lands a job as a radio psychiatrist and makes very good friends with his newly appointed producer, Roz Doyle. Raffi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 