nm0000203:

 Stand by Me (1986)541) After the death of one of his friends, a writer recounts a childhood journey with his friends to find the body of a missing boy. It's the summer of 1959 in Castlerock, Oregon and four 12 year-old boys - Gordie, Chris, Teddy and Vern - are fast friends. After learning of the general location of the body of a local boy who has been missing for several days, they set off into the woods to see it. Along the way, they learn about themselves, the meaning of friendship and the need to stand up for what is right. garykmcd Shocked by the death of a dear friend he finds out while reading the local newspaper, the now-late-thirty-something writer, Gordie Lachance, takes a trip down memory lane, when back in Oregon, in the hot summer of 1959, he and his three close friends, Chris, Teddy, and Vern, set out on a life-changing adventure. Back then, the news about the death of a missing twelve-year-old boy sparked their interest in following the train tracks, and become heroes by finding first his body. Unfortunately, so did the local tough, Ace Merrill, and his gang of bullies. Indeed, sometimes, growing up can be hard; nevertheless, finding real friends can be even harder. Will life be simpler if you stand by me? Nick Riganas Gordie Lachance, a writer, looks back on his preteen days when he and three close friends went on their own adventure to find the body of a kid their age who had gone missing and presumed dead. The stakes are upped when the bad kids in town are closely tailing - and it becomes a race to see who'll be able to recover the body first. Dismal Angel Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A man ( Richard Dreyfuss ) sits in his car reading the headline of a newspaper article about a man who had been stabbed to death at a fast food restaurant. He is overcome with a wave of nostalgia and begins to narrate the story of when he was 12 years old and the time he first saw a dead human being. Gordon "Gordie" Lachance ( Wil Wheaton ) is playing cards inside a tree house with his best friends Chris Chambers ( River Phoenix ) and Teddy Duchamp ( Corey Feldman ). Each boy has his own story and a reputation to follow. Chris comes from a family renowned for their dishonesty and abusive nature, which gives him a bad rap despite his tough but kind disposition. Teddy, rather eccentric, is recognizable by the mangled remains of his right ear which his mentally unstable father held down to a hot stove top. His father resides in a mental institution but Teddy speaks highly of him for serving in WWII. The fourth of their group and the butt of many jokes, portly Vern Tessio ( Jerry O'Connell ), begs to be let in the tree house, saying he has important news. The others make light fun of him until he asks if they want to go see a dead body. They all fall silent as he explains that, while looking for a misplaced penny jar under his porch, he overheard his older brother Billy ( Casey Siemaszko ) and friend Charlie Hogan ( Gary Riley ) discuss how Billy found the body of Ray Brower, a kid who had recently gone missing. Gordie and his friends followed the story closely because Ray was around their age, last seen picking blueberries in the woods outside of town. Billy says the kid must have been hit by a train and refuses to report the discovery to the police because he was at the site in a stolen car. Gordie and the others decide to go find the body and accept recognition as local heroes. They make plans to tell their parents they're sleeping over at each other's homes the next day and to meet the next morning on the train tracks leading out of town. Come morning, Gordie goes to fetch his canteen in his older brother's room. A few months prior his brother, Denny ( John Cusack ), a popular athlete, died in a car accident. Gordie's mother ( Frances Lee McCain ) has been silent and distant since then and his father ( Marshall Bell ) asks him why he can't have friends like Denny's or play sports like him. He has no interest in his son's aspirations to become a writer and criticizes Chris for stealing milk money at school. The only support Gordie received was from his brother who gave him an old Yankee cap, something he now cherishes. Gordie meets Chris in town who takes him to a back alley and shows him the gun he swiped from his father's bureau. Gordie lightly takes aim at a garbage can and pulls the trigger, thinking it's not loaded. It is. It fires and sends the two running for the main street where they come across a few members of a gang led by Ace Merrill ( Kiefer Sutherland ). Chris's older brother, Eyeball ( Bradley Gregg ) leers at the boys as Ace steals Gordie's cap and threatens Chris with a lit cigarette. They let the boys go unharmed and walk away, laughing. Gordie and Chris meet up with Teddy and Vern at the train tracks where they realize no one's brought food. They take out their money and agree to buy something along the way. As a train approaches, everyone but Teddy gets off the tracks. Teddy imitates shooting an automatic at the train, intent on dodging it at the last second, 'just like my father in Normandy'. Chris, however, pulls him off before the stunt can be performed and yells at him for nearly killing himself. They soon arrive at a local junkyard that is rumored to house a disgruntled owner with a ferocious dog named Chopper which he's supposedly trained to attack any intruders, going right for the person's balls. However, the yard is empty and the four rest in the shade of a car hood for a few minutes while Gordie, after losing a race, goes to retrieve food at the store on the other side. On his way back, he notices the others scrambling over the yard fence and turns just in time to see the owner, Milo Pressman ( William Bronder ), emerge, yelling for Chopper. Due to the dog's legendary reputation, when Milo shouts for Chopper to 'sick 'em, boy', Gordie imagines that what Milo's saying is 'sick balls'. Gordie frantically runs for the fence with the dog close on his heels but makes it over the top. He turns and sees that Chopper ( Popeye ) is not the dog he'd expected. Milo rushes over to the fence and berates the four boys for making fun of his dog. Teddy throws a few insults but is shocked silent when Milo calls his father a loony. Teddy breaks down, shouting that his father stormed the beach at Normandy, and has to be led away by the others. Following the train tracks, they come to a bridge. They hesitate to cross, unsure of when the next train is due. Feeling confident, they begin to cross with Chris and Teddy in the lead and Gordie trailing behind Vern, who's chosen to crawl instead of walk. Midway, Vern loses a comb that he packed in his shirt pocket which he'd hoped to use once they found the body and reported it to the local news. Gordie consistently looks back and bends down to feel the rails. A light vibration leads him to see plumes of smoke in the distance. He shouts "TRAIN!" and yells at Vern to get to his feet and run. They are barely able to make it to the other side and off the tracks. Chris jokes that now, at least, they know when the next train is. As they continue deeper into the forest, Chris lags behind with Gordie who is despondent about being a writer and doesn't think much of his talents. Chris tries to encourage him, saying that he wishes he was his father instead so that he could give him proper guidance and support. They set up camp for the night and Gordie tells them all a story about a kid named Lardass Hogan ( Andy Lindberg ), stuck with such a name because of his weight. Sick and tired of being made fun of for his considerable size, Lardass takes revenge on the rest of his town by forcing himself to violently throw up during a blueberry pie eating contest. What ensues is a comedic chain reaction of perpetual barfing. The boys decide to sleep in shifts and Gordie takes the opportunity, while Vern and Teddy sleep, to talk to Chris alone. Chris confides in him that he hates his family name and the association he has with them, wishing to leave to start fresh somewhere and actually make something of himself. He reveals that he did take the milk money at school first but felt remorseful about it and returned it to one of the teachers, who happened to show up to school the next day in a brand new dress. Chris took the heat for the theft but could never atone to it because of his family's reputation. The next morning, Ace and his gang are seen spending recreational time smoking and hitting mailboxes with baseball bats as they drive through their neighborhood. Billy and Charlie draw Ace's attention with their silence and they finally blab about finding Ray's body. Intent on claiming credit for himself, Ace heads out with them, along with Vince Desjardins ( Jason Oliver Lipsett ) and Eyeball. Meanwhile, Gordie and the others take a shortcut through the woods and land in a swamp infested with leeches. They strip down and Gordie finds one attached to his lower extremities, fainting after removing it. Eventually, they come back to the tracks and discover Ray's body ( Kent W. Luttrell ), knocked clean out of his shoes and lying in some bushes. They decide to build a stretcher for him and Gordie breaks down, crying that his father truly hates him and knowing that he favored Denny. At that moment, Ace and the rest of the gang appear and demand that the boys leave so they can take the body. Chris insults him and Ace pulls out a knife before Gordie fires the gun in the air. He threatens Ace, saying it'll be all too easy to kill him, and Ace leaves. Gordie announces that no one will get the credit for finding Ray; they will instead report it through an anonymous call. They return to town with Gordie narrating that it seemed so much smaller after their journey. As the boys split up and head home, Gordie narrates that Vern and Teddy grew distant over the next few years. Vern married straight out of high school, had four children, and became a fork lift driver at a lumberyard. Teddy attempted to join the army but was rejected due to his poor eyesight and ear injury. He eventually served some jail time and performed odd jobs around Castle Rock. Chris managed to stick it in school with Gordie and went to college to become a lawyer. However, it's revealed that he was stabbed and killed when he tried to break up a fight in a fast food restaurant; the very article Gordie read at the start of the film. Gordie closes the film as he finishes a memoir he's been writing about his childhood and leaves to take his son and friend ( Chance Quinn and Jason Naylor ) out swimming. 
 My Own Private Idaho (1991)44) Two best friends living on the streets of Portland as hustlers embark on a journey of self discovery and find their relationship stumbling along the way. Mike Waters lives on the street and befriends the somewhat older and streetwise Scott Favor who shows him what is necessary to survive. Waters suffers from narcolepsy and can fall asleep at any moment and in almost any circumstance. Favor comes from a rich family and is rebelling against his own background. They travel together extensively - Waters is driven by the need to find his biological mother - and spend time in Italy. Later in life however, Favor has joined mainstream society and has little time for his old friend. garykmcd Mike Waters and Scott Favor are young male hustlers (with both male and female clients) working the Pacific Northwest, they often hanging out with other young male hustlers in an abandoned building in Portland under the mentorship of an overweight homeless gay man named Bob Pigeon. Among the group, Mike and Scott are best friends. Mike identifies more as gay, while Scott identifies more as straight, seeing his sexual encounters with male clients solely business. In their friendship, Scott sees himself as Mike's protector as Mike suffers from stress induced narcolepsy, and as such Mike passes out unconscious sometimes at the most inopportune time or place, while Mike eventually admits to Scott that he loves him more than just a friend. Mike grew up in a poor and broken family environment in Idaho, with his mother, Sharon, abandoning him and his much older brother Richard when Mike was a child, her whereabouts unknown. Especially when he is unconscious, Mike often has an idealized view of his mother. Scott grew up in a house of privilege as the son of the current Portland mayor, with his street life a manifestation of the rebellion against the oppression of that privilege. Feeling he is maturing, Scott contemplates giving up the street life when he turns twenty-one to collect his trust. Mike and Scott will do almost anything for the other, but under the circumstances of the different view of their own future, their friendship may have a limited shelf life. Huggo Surreal character study focusing on the friendship between two male hustlers, Mike and Scott, in Portland, Oregon. They live on the streets, do drugs, and sell themselves to men and women. Mike is quiet, gay and suffers from narcolepsy. Abandoned as a child, he is obsessed with finding his long-lost mother. Scott is the rebellious son of a high-ranking family, who lives this life mostly to embarrass his father. Mike is in love with Scott, who still maintains he is straight and insists that his wild lifestyle on the streets is only temporary. Together, they embark on a quest to find Mike's mother, traveling from Portland to Idaho to Italy, with Scott picking up a beautiful girl along the way. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Running on Empty (1988)44) The eldest son of a fugitive family comes of age and wants to live a life of his own. The Popes are a family who haven't been able to use their real identity for years. In the late sixties, the parents set a weapons lab afire in an effort to hinder the government's Vietnam war campaign. Ever since then, the Popes have been on the run with the authorities never far behind. Today, their older son wants a life of his own although he is aware that would mean that his parents would either get caught or he will never see them again. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> Married couple Annie and Arthur Pope, former student radicals who remain committed to their peaceful causes, have been fugitives from the law since 1971, following their admission of the bombing of a napalm research facility that seriously injured a janitor, who was not supposed to be on duty at the time. They and their two sons, Danny and Harry, have learned to live under aliases and pick up and move at a moment's notice whenever it looks like the feds are getting close, which is on average twice a year. They are able to do so with the help of an underground network of friends, known as the Liberation. Through the network, the only extended family member they are able to keep in touch with periodically is Arthur's mother, Sophie Popov, those meetings always short and hidden away. They don't keep in touch with Annie's parents, wealthy Donald and Abigail Patterson, who they believe are part of the establishment problem of the world. Following Sophie's passing, Arthur believes their family unit of four becomes all the more important. Their constant moving means they have few material possessions, the only thing they need being a getaway vehicle. Their only indulgence is Annie's practice board which she's had since she was a child and which she used to teach Danny to play the piano. Their lives hit a crossroads when Danny reaches his senior year in school in Waterford, New Jersey, and transitions from being a fugitive Pope child into a man with his own dreams and aspirations. It includes falling in love for the first time, with classmate Lorna Phillips. It also includes thoughts of college, he applying to Julliard under the advice of Lorna's father, his music teacher, Mr. Edward Phillips. What Danny is to do in this phase of his life may end up being a joint family decision, Arthur and Annie who know they will never see him again if they let him go unless they give themselves up. Huggo Parents who thought they could change the government by committing a terrorist act against the government, have to confront their misguided mistakes. Living under fake identities becomes a cumbersome cross to bear when their son wants to start his own life and attend college. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Mosquito Coast (1986)541) An inventor spurns his city life and moves his family into the jungles of Central America to make a utopia. An eccentric and dogmatic inventor sells his house and takes his family to Central America to build a utopia in the middle of the jungle. Conflicts with his family, a local preacher, and with nature are only small obstacles to his obsession. Based on the novel by Paul Theroux. Keith Loh <loh@sfu.ca> American Allie Fox (Harrison Ford) is a genius, especially when it comes to anything mechanical, and an idealist. He dropped out of Harvard to become an inventor, he now with nine patents and six pending. He loves the U.S., but is disillusioned by what it has become in so many different facets. As such, he unilaterally decides to uproot his family - his wife, who he affectionately calls "Mother" (Dame Helen Mirren), their two sons Charlie (River Phoenix) and Jerry (Jadrien Steele), and their twin daughters April (Hilary Gordon) and Clover (Rebecca Gordon) - from their comfortable New England life to move to the jungles of Central America, most specifically Mosquitia. There, he hopes to start from scratch to build a society closer to his own ideals, his utopia. He believes he is doing this not just for himself, but for his family, as he wants his children to learn from real-life as opposed to books. Allie will learn that he may have his own view of what he wants to achieve, but that there are external forces, both human and non-human, that may conspire against him. Outwardly, chief amongst his human obstacles is missionary Reverend Spellgood (Andre Gregory), whose work Allie believes is solely narcissistic propaganda. In turn, Reverend Spellgood believes Allie is a Communist. But what may be lurking underneath the surface as another obstacle is Allie's own family, who may ultimately rebel against something in which they had no input, especially as Allie has a policy of anyone being free to leave if they want, but be excommunicated from the family forever. Allie, too, will have to decide how far he will go to achieve his ultimate dream. Huggo Allie Fox (Harrison Ford) has never been a man to do things by the book. An avid inventor, he is a troubled genius given to intense moods and an incredible drive. Seemingly on a whim, he shifts his family to the jungles of Central America, telling his children that America "is gone". Determined to create a civilization better than the one he has abandoned, Fox's obsession and mania might pull his family through, or it might pull them apart. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Charlie Fox (River Phoenix) explaining that his father, Allie Fox (Harrison Ford), is a brilliant inventor with "nine patents, six pending." Allie has grown fed up with the American Dream and American consumerism, believing that Americans "buy junk, sell junk and eat junk," and that there is an impending nuclear war on the horizon as a result of American greed and crime. Allie and Charlie go to a hardware store to buy components for a new invention, an ice machine known as Fat Boy. Upon seeing that the product was made in Japan, Allie refuses to purchase it. After Allie and Charlie acquire the components at a local dump, he finishes assembling his creation. Allie's boss and asparagus farm owner, Mr. Polski (Dick O'Neill) complains that Allie is not tending to the asparagus, which is rotting. Allie, Charlie, and Allie's youngest son, Jerry (Jadrien Steele), meet Mr. Polski, and Allie shows him "Fat Boy." The machine leaves Polski unimpressed. As he drives past the fields, a dejected Allie comments on immigrants picking asparagus, and says that where they come from, they might think of ice as a luxury. The home of the migrant workers is in a state of disarray, exemplifying their poverty. That night, Jerry tells "Mother" (Helen Mirren), that he believes something terrible is about to happen. Mother rebuffs her son, explaining that she believes something good will happen. The next morning, Allie throws a party for the immigrant workers before telling his family that they're leaving the United States. After they board a Panamanian barge, the family meets Reverend Spellgood (Andre Gregory), a Christian missionary, his wife (Melanie Boland), and their daughter, Emily (Martha Plimpton). Emily flirts with Charlie. Allie and the Reverend begrudgingly try to get along, despite having entirely different religious views. When the barge docks in Belize City, the families disembark and go their separate ways. Allie, with the consent of the Belize government, purchases a small village called Jeronimo in the rainforest along the river. Mr. Haddy (Conrad Roberts) takes Allie and his family upriver to Jeronimo. Allie meets the inhabitants and proceeds to start building a new, 'advanced' civilization, in the process inventing many new things. The locals take kindly to Allie and his family, but Allie's will to build a utopic civilization keeps them working to their limits. One day, Reverend Spellgood arrives to convert Jeronimo's citizens. In the process, Allie and Spellgood angrily denounce each other, leading to a permanent schism: Allie believes Spellgood to be a religious zealot; Spellgood believes Allie to be a communist. Allie sets to constructing a huge version of "Fat Boy" that can supply Jeronimo with ice. Upon completing the machine, Allie hears rumors of a native tribe in the mountains that have never seen ice. Allie recruits his two sons to carry a load of ice into the jungle to supply the tribe. Upon arriving, Allie finds that the load has melted, and that the tribe has already been visited by missionaries. When Allie returns to Jeronimo, he learns that Spellgood has left with much of the populace, scaring them with stories of God's biblical destruction. The near-empty town is visited by rebels, who demand to use Jeronimo as a guerrilla base. Allie and his family accept to accommodate them while Allie constructs a plan to be rid of them. Set on freezing them to death, Allie bunks the rebels up in the giant ice machine, tells Charlie to lock its only other exit, and activates it. The rebels, waking in panic, try to shoot their way through. To Allie's horror, the rebels' gunfire sets off an explosion within the machine. By the next morning, both the machine and the family's home is in ruins. Worse, the chemicals from the destroyed machine have severely polluted the river. Forced downstream, Allie and his family arrive at the coast. Mother and the children rejoice, believing they can return to the United States. Allie, refusing to believe his dream has been shattered, announces that they have all they need on the beach and, lying, tells the family that America has been destroyed in a nuclear war. Settling on the beach in a houseboat he has built, and refusing assistance from Mr. Haddy, a paranoid Allie believes that the family has accomplished building a utopia. One night, the storm surge from a tropical cyclone nearly forces the family out to sea until Charlie reveals that he has been hiding motor components given to him by Mr. Haddy, allowing them to start the motor on the boat. The family becomes physically and emotionally weaker for lack of food, shelter, and other human companionship. Traveling upstream once again, the family stumbles across Spellgood's compound. Coming ashore, Allie sees barbed wire, and mutters that the settlement is a Christian concentration camp. While the rest of the family sleeps, Charlie and Jerry sneak over to the Spellgood home. After finding out that the United States was not destroyed and that Emily will assist them in escaping from Allie, Charlie obtains the keys to a jeep. Before Charlie can convince Mother and his sisters to leave, Allie sets Spellgood's church on fire. Spellgood shoots Allie, paralyzing him from the neck down. The family escapes aboard the boat. The film concludes with the group traveling downriver again, where Allie drifts in and out of consciousness. Allie asks his wife if they are going upstream. She lies to himgoing against the wishes of her husband for the first time. Charlie's final narration reports the death of Allie, but gives hope that the rest of the family can live their lives freely from now on. 