nm0004695:

 Fantastic Four (I) (2005)55) A group of astronauts gain superpowers after a cosmic radiation exposure and must use them to oppose the plans of their enemy, Doctor Victor Von Doom. Four astronauts have their lives changed forever, when they end up being hit by a cloud of cosmic radiation. Reed Richards now has the ability to stretch his body like elastic. Sue Storm (Alba) is now the invisible woman. Johnny Storm becomes the human touch and Ben Grimm becomes the 'Thing', a man made out of rock. But there is one problem. The journey's sponsor, Victor Von Doom has also been affected and with full power, is a dangerous force which needs to be stopped, before it's too late. Film_Fan Yearning to study the massive clouds of cosmic energy in the vast space, the brilliant physicist, Dr Reed Richards, enlists the help of his millionaire classmate, Dr Victor von Doom. Instead, the unfathomable energy source affects Reed, turning him into the elastic "Mr Fantastic"; Victor's assistant, Sue Storm, becomes the "Invisible Girl"; her hot-blooded younger brother, Johnny, is now the flaming "Human Torch", and lastly, pilot Ben Grimm transforms into the temperamental mass of rocks and muscles known as "The Thing". But, from the black void of space, humankind's arch-enemy arrives. Can the Fantastic 4, the unstoppable band of incredible super-heroes, thwart the destructive plans of the mysterious, Dr Doom? Nick Riganas When an experimental space voyage goes awry, four people are changed by cosmic rays. Reed Richards, inventor and leader of the group gains the ability to stretch his body, and takes the name Mr. Fantastic. His girlfriend, Sue Storm, gains the ability to turn invisible and create force fields, calling herself the Invisible Woman. Her younger brother Johnny Storm gains the ability to control fire, including covering his own body with flame, becoming the Human Torch. Pilot Ben Grimm is turned into a super-strong rock creature calling himself Thing. Together, they use their unique powers to explore the strange aspects of the world, and to foil the evil plans of Doctor Doom. ahmetkozan Reed Richards is a very talented scientist seeking the funding for a space experiment. Along with his friend and partner Ben Grimm, he goes to businessman Victor Von Doom and manages to get his support. So, Reed and Ben, along with Von Doom, his partner Sue Storm and her brother Johnny, find themselves aboard Von Doom's private space station. However an accident will flood the station with cosmic rays and Reed, Ben, Sue and Johnny will gain amazing powers thus becoming the Fantastic Four. But, the four of them aren't the only ones affected by the cosmic rays... Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Machete (2010)761) After being set-up and betrayed by the man who hired him to assassinate a Texas Senator, an ex-Federale launches a brutal rampage of revenge against his former boss. The highly skilled Federale Machete is hired by some unsavory types to assassinate a senator. But just as he's about to take the shot, he notices someone aiming at him and realizes he's been set up. He barely survives the sniper's bullet, and is soon out for revenge on his former employers, with the reluctant assistance of his brother Cheech Marin, who has become a priest and taken a vow of nonviolence. If you hire him to take out the bad guys, make sure the bad guys aren't you! rmlohner Despite of warnings from his Chief, Officer Machete Cortez (Danny Trejo) attempts to rescue a witness against gangster Torrez (Steven Seagal), resulting in the slaying of his family, and his house being burnt down. Three years later, having fully recuperated from his physical injuries, he makes a living as a casual laborer, and is hired to assassinate right-winged Senator John McLaughlin for $150K. His attempt results in the Senator getting injured, and he soon realizes that he has been set-up to ensure a sympathy vote for McLaughlin - who, while ostensibly determined to built an electrified border-fence, has close connections with Torrez; and is also involved with gun-toting vigilante groups that gun down Mexicans with impunity. Machete will also find himself on the run from the Police; pressure will be brought upon the underground 'Network' that assists Mexicans; his brother (Cheech Marin) will be tortured; while ignorant/unknowing Americans get ready to elect McLaughlin. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) In Mexico, the determined federal agent Machete Cortez opposes to the order of his chief and drives with his partner to the hideout of the drug lord Rogelio Torrez to rescue an abducted witness against the gangster. However, he finds the witness naked on the bed but he is surprisingly betrayed by the woman, and his wife and daughter are murdered by Torrez. Three years later, Machete is an illegal immigrant in Texas that wanders on the streets seeking job in the Day Labor Site. He is hired by Michael Booth to assassinate the boasting right-winged Senator John McLaughlin, who is against the immigrants and defends the construction of an electrified fence along the border with Mexico. Machete receives one hundred and fifty thousand dollars for the assignment, but he gives the money to Luz, a Mexican woman that sells taco in her truck and manages the underground Network that assists illegal Mexicans and helped Machete three years ago. When Machete is ready as a sniper in a tower, he finds that he has been betrayed and set up by Booth, who actually is McLaughlin's adviser and plotted the scheme to improve the statistics with the sympathy of the electors to McLaughlin. Once again Machete survives and discovers that Booth supports the vigilantes led by the cruel Von Jackson and is associated to Torrez. Now Machete seeks revenge against his enemies and becomes a myth. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Set up and left for dead after that fateful encounter with the deadly drug lord, Torrez, the widowed former Mexican Federale, Machete, is now struggling to eke out an existence as a day labourer in Texas. It's been three long years since the brutal murder of his family, and someone coerces the tight-lipped Machete into assassinating the corrupt anti-immigration politician, Senator McLaughlin. Of course, a set-up awaits Machete, who, once more, finds himself on the run, against the backdrop of a sinister conspiracy. But, this time, the wronged Mexican is not alone, and his thirsty knives are razor-sharp. Who can survive the blow of Machete's cold-steel blade? Nick Riganas Three years ago in Mexico, determined Federale Machete is betrayed and set-up by his boss, resulting in his wife and child being murdered by drug kingpin Torrez. Now, in Texas, Machete resurfaces when hired to assassinate Senator McLaughlin, an extreme advocate against illegal immigration. Once again betrayed and set-up, Machete plots his revenge against the men who've wronged him with the help of resistance fighter Luz, ICE Agent Sartana, and the shotgun-toting Padre. The Massie Twins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Machete opens along a road through Mexican mesa. A car rides down the road, occupied by two Federales-- Machete Cortez ( Danny Trejo ) and his partner ( Vic Trevino ). They are en route to rescue a young woman ( Mayra Leal ) held captive by a ruthless drug lord named Torrez ( Steven Seagal ), who was once Machete's partner in the Federales. Machete's current partner is furious at the rescue mission, saying that the girl is probably locked up somewhere, heavily drugged, and is just another of many dozens of kidnap victims; they do not need to go and rescue her. Machete calmly asks his partner, 'if not us, then who?' Machete's cell phone rings. His direct superior, the Mexican Federal chief ( Alejandro Antonio ), angrily orders that they stop and wait for backup to arrive. They are not to disobey orders and storm the place where the girl is believed to be held, alone. Machete takes the phone and crushes it in his hand. Roaring into a small villa, the car stops at a three-story house with barred windows. Three men step out of the house, heavily armed. Machete throws the car into reverse and backs up a number of yards. His partner bravely tells Machete that he is with him, calling him 'boss.' Machete holds up a large, wickedly sharp machete (from which he gets his name) and says in English, 'this is the boss.' Machete then propels his car forward, racing straight toward the house and the men in front of it. They open fire as the car roars toward them, Machete's partner firing back through the windshield. The partner is hit by a hail of gunfire shortly before the car plows through their line. They leap away as the car crashes through the front of the house. Machete apologizes to his partner, who lays dead beside him. Charging into the house, Machete promptly foils an ambush, slicing off the hand of an assailant pointing a gun at him. Catching the gun, with the severed hand still holding it, Machete wades into battle, slaughtering all of the men in the house with both the gun and his machete. He smashes into the room where the kidnap victim lays naked on the bed. She sits up as he enters, balking at his order to get dressed. He scoops her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes and starts carrying her out, the girl seeming to enjoy it. More of Torrez's men enter the house. Machete puts the girl down and she starts feeling his muscles. Touching his machete, she asks if it's sharp. Told that it is, she pulls it from his belt and stabs Machete through the thigh, incapacitating him. She kicks him in the face and pulls out a small mobile device hidden within her private parts, saying, 'I got him.' To Machete's horror, the Federal chief walks in, telling him he should have stood down like he was ordered. Machete's superior is working for Torrez. Torrez himself walks in, accompanied by his henchwoman/slave girl ( Cheryl Chin ), who rewards the naked chica for her work in capturing Machete... with a bullet through her head. Torrez is disappointed that Machete is the only one of the Federales who doesn't take bribe money to look the other way on Torrez's activities. Everyone in the DEA and the Marshals is doing so. Finally Torrez says he should ask Machete's wife. Machete is horrified as his wife ( Nina Leon ) is brought in and slaughtered right in front of him. Torrez then coldly says that Machete's daughter has already suffered the same fate as her mother. Aiming his katana at Machete's neck, Torrez says beheading him would give him an honorable death. But an honorable death is exactly what Torrez doesn't want to offer Machete. He has his men kick Machete down and set the house on fire, leaving him to burn. The opening credits play. A small day labor site in Texas, three years later. Mexican day laborers gather here, hiring out performing menial tasks that will earn them and their loved ones a living. A radio program is heard playing; the host is interviewing Franklin Jonas, deputy director of the local Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) office. Jonas is discussing the ongoing effort to enforce US border security against illegal immigration. Jonas says that battling the stem of illegal immigration is difficult because of the long border between Texas and Mexico. He says they need to dismantle a large, elaborate support network that helps immigrants cross the border and settle in America, finding them jobs, resulting in American citizens remaining unemployed and poor. Jonas says ICE's best agents are investigating the network in an effort to dismantle it. One such agent is busy at work as she listens to the radio program... Agent Sartana Rivera ( Jessica Alba ). She is doing surveillance and taking photos at a small taco/coffee stand run by a pretty young woman named Luz ( Michelle Rodriguez ). Sartana suspects Luz as the Network's kingpin, code-named 'Sh.'As an elderly Texan hires some day laborers, having them load up his pickup truck, Sartana pauses at the sight of a face she finds interesting... a tall, muscular, Mexican man with scars and tattoos. It is Machete. Taking photographs, Sartana speaks into her personal recorder, saying that she knows he is new in the labor site, and requests that Machete's photo be run for possible criminal background. She watches Luz call Machete over. A day laborer knocks on Sartana's window, asking if she needs a gardener. She shows him her badge and he hurries off. Nighttime along the US/Mexico border. A van drives a group of immigrants to a spot just shy of the border, ordering them out to go the rest of the way on foot. A young man begs for assistance for his wife, who is both heavily pregnant and ill, but he only gets a gun pointed at his face by the unsympathetic driver. The immigrants all startt to rush through the border. A jeep rushes to intercept the immigrants, its driver and passengers whooping and calling 'roundup time.' They coldly slaughter several of the immigrants as the others rush back further into Mexico. Out of the van steps Von Jackson ( Don Johnson ), a wealthy Texan landowner who despises illegal immigrants. The husband of the pregnant woman is wounded, and she cannot run in her current state. The terrified woman watches as Von approaches her. She doesn't speak English and he doesn't speak Spanish-- he by choice. A cameraman in the jeep takes footage as Von tells the woman and her husband that they are trespassing on land belonging to Von's father. Von then pulls his gun and shoots the woman in the stomach, mortally wounding her and her unborn child. The more squeamish of his henchmen cannot stand the sight, but Von is unsympathetic, warning that if the woman delivered her baby on American soil, it would be entitled to American citizenship and all its benefits. He tells his men that many people consider them vigilantes, but he sees it as vigilance. He then asks, 'Who's gonna stop 'em, Senator?' The man Von addressed as 'Senator' ( Robert De Niro ) says, 'I am' and guns down the woman's husband with a rifle, coldly saying, 'Welcome to America.' He then makes sure that video footage was captured, for the benefit of his wealthier supporters. A television commercial then shows that this Senator is John McLaughlin, who is running for re-election in the Texas state senate. McLaughlin despises illegal immigration and is looking to make sure it is fought fiercely. The commercial ruthlessly compares immigrants to parasites who bleed America dry from the inside out, and shows that McLaughlin supports building an electrified border fence, and harsh, jack-booted border patrollers/enforcers. The propaganda in the commercial goes so far as to show pictures of large numbers of maggots and cockroaches whenever the narrator in the commercial speaks of, 'the invaders.' Day time. An illegal back-alley bareknuckle fight is taking place. Bets are being placed as one fighter defeats the other. The victorious fighter points at a passerby he sees, whom he considers a worthy opponent. The fight promoter calls out to the man-- it is Machete. Machete balks at being invited to fight, looking at the taco and coffee in his hands. The promoter baits him by offering him $500 for five minutes in the alley. Machete walks into the circle and puts down his coffee, but keeps his taco in his hand. He dodges the punches thrown by the fighter, making him look clumsy. Machete is even able to continue eating his taco as he evades all the adversary's attacks, not even bothering to throw any counterpunches. Finally the fighter misses another punch, but hits his hand on a solid metal beam, breaking his hand. Machete wins the fight by default and is paid the money as he recovers his coffee. A black luxury car with tinted windows has stopped near the alley; its driver ( Jeff Fahey ) watching the fight intently. machete goes to Luz's taco stand and pays her $5 for the taco and coffee she'd given him earlier. Luz looks over Machete's shoulder and sees Sartana approaching. All the day laborers, knowing Sartana well, scatter at her approach. Sartana goes to the stand to buy two bean and cheese tacos and a coffee. Luz is sarcastic and unpleasant in her reception of Sartana; the two women know each other and don't like each other one bit. Sartana occasionally wants to see Luz's credentials to ensure she is still authorized to live and work near the labor site, and Luz, thinking turnabout is fair play, likes to ask to see Sartana's badge in return. As they 'civilly' argue over the morality of Sartana enforcing immigration, sending unauthorized laborers back to squalor and poverty in Mexico (Sartana herself is Mexican, so Luz and many of the laborers see her acts as treason toward her own people), Sartana drops a few not-so-subtle hints showing she suspects Luz of aiding illegal immigrants. Luz finally gives Sartana the tacos she requested, more to get rid of her than anything else. A news bulletin reports on a sharp decline in support for McLaughlin; his hard-line stance on immigration is wearing thin on several of his support groups. Machete is arriving back at the labor site when the luxury car pulls up and the driver, whose name is Michael Booth, tells him to get in. Machete starts to tell Booth about the labor services he does and his rates for them, when Booth suddenly asks him if he's killed anyone before. He brings Machete into a well-appointed office and pours him a drink. He slides a folder across the desk to Machete containing a photo of McLaughlin. He quickly describes McLaughlin's hard-nosed policy on illegal immigrants and their labor, before giving Machete his pitch: Booth says that the state runs on the services provided by these immigrants, as their rates are cheap enough to keep the state's expenditures at a minimum, which it desperately needs. So, Booth says, since immigrants are being deported in alarmingly increasing numbers, it's to both his and Machete's benefit if the senator is rubbed out. Booth produces a briefcase filled with used bills, $150,000 worth of money, which he says he will pay Machete for the job. Machete downs his drink and tells him to get someone else. Booth says that there's no time left to find another person; the job has to happen tomorrow. He admits that he cannot force Machete to do the assassination, but he can make sure Machete suffers an unfortunate accident if he refuses. Once the job is done, he gets the money and can disappear and do a lot of good with the cash. Booth takes Machete to a room filled with a lot of high-tech, sophisiticated firepower and hands him a state-of-the-art assault rifle, along with a cell phone in case there are any problems; saying Machete needs to be on the roof at 1 pm sharp, and fire the shot by 1:04 pm. As he leaves, true to his nature, Machete sees a machete on the table and takes it with him as well. As Machete leaves, Booth gets a call on his cell phone, showing it is from "April." Quickly he drives to a crackhouse and kills everyone there, pulling out a blonde girl ( Lindsay Lohan )-- his daughter, April. He berates her on not coming to him to get her needs met, and she groggily gives a tossed-off, 'sorry, Daddy' as he drives her away. Machete sits on a bench at the labor site, looking at pictures of his family during happier times. He goes to Luz's taco stand and gives her the money he was paid-- the whole briefcase full, telling her to use it well. Machete knows that Luz is involved in the support Network-- they helped him get across the border once. Senator McLaughlin is making a public appearance-- this is the site that he is supposed to be killed at. Machete gets on to the proper rooftop at the appointed time. McLaughlin's speech is beautifully-crafted propaganda designed to work his listeners into a frenzy. He compares immigrants to terrorists who take jobs from honest, hard-working American citizens that bust their backsides to feed their families. His propaganda speech does exactly what it's intended to do-- stir the passions of his listeners to tempestuous levels. Machete is lining his shot up on McLaughlin, centering the scope on his rifle, when he happens to glance a little to one side. Using the scope for a better view, he realizes there is a second sniper concealed on another rooftop... Booth's aide ( Shea Whigham ); and he is aiming another high-powered rifle... at Machete. The sniper's bullet wounds Machete in the shoulder. He then quickly turns and shoots Senator McLaughlin in the leg. Booth calls out and points to the rooftop where Machete was perched, and everyone turns and sees Machete on his rooftop, trying to get away. Cameras catch footage of him running away with the rifle in his hands. Quickly Machete sees the whole job was a set-up. He has been framed for the assassination attempt on Senator McLaughlin. Machete must fight and shoot his way past a security guard and a number of Booth's henchman to make good his escape. But as he descends a fire escape and hurries down an alley, he is clubbed from behind and knocked down, and two lawmen are pointing combat shotguns right at him at point-blank range. They take Machete into the squad car and drive off with him, where they reveal that they are also Booth's accomplices, laughing over it because they think Machete doesn't speak English. The driver of the squad car says Machete must believe they are real cops because they frisked him, cuffed him and put him in the car just like real cops do. But suddenly the 'partner' says he didn't frisk Machete. Machete's machete erupts through the chest of the squad car driver, the blade having been driven clean through the backrest of the seat, and the driver's back. Machete twists the blade to force the driver's hands to turn the steering wheel in such a way that the car crashes. Machete kicks out the rear windshield and gets clear just as the fake squad car explodes, killing both henchmen. News stations are reporting on the assassination attempt and that the would-be killer was of Mexican descent. Booth goes to his office and sets up a laptop wireless conference call-- to Torrez. He uses the conference call to show him the news footage of the assassination attempt, saying that McLaughlin's re-election is now a shoe-in-- Torrez is shown to have an interest in the re-election. As he watches the news coverage, Torrez notices that the hired assassin looks familiar. He backtracks and zooms in, recognizing Machete, but saying nothing about it to Booth, who writes Machete off as a day laborer off the streets who won't be missed. But Torrez warns Booth that he had better be able to provide positive proof that the hired assassin is dead. As the conference call ends, Booth gets a phone call from the sniper saying it's done-- he 'thinks' Machete is toast. Booth sternly orders the sniper to triple-check every hospital and morgue in the city to verify positively that Machete is dead. Machete is being taken to a hospital that specializes in discreetly treating illegal immigrants. Two pretty young nurses rush him to an ER while carefully telling him that nobody knows he's here, and he was brought in as a John Doe. Machete is taken to Doc Felix ( Felix Sabates ), who is impressed that the bullet rebounded off of Machete's shoulder and would have lodged in his head and killed him, but it was stopped by another bullet that had already lodged there from long ago. As Machete awakens, Doc Felix tells him in Spanish that everyone in the hospital is part of the Network. The sniper arrives with henchman, carrying flowers. He tells the reception nurse he's there to visit someone who'd been brought to ICU. Suspecting trouble, the reception nurse gives directions, but the sniper quickly figures out she's lying, and the directions she gave lead to a back exit from the hospital. He starts to head in the correct direction, and the reception nurse quietly alerts Doc Felix. Machete springs into action, collecting a number of surgical instruments used for scraping bones clean. He pulls the belt off one nurse's uniform and asks Felix to pass him an air tank. The sniper is on one side of a double doorway, and through its windows he sees a stretcher approaching the doors. Quickly he drops the flowers, revealing a gun hidden among them, and fires several shots. The stretcher pushes through the doors, showing it was propelled by the air tank, which was strapped down to the stretcher, under the sheets, by the nurse's belt. As the sniper and his henchmen see the ruse, they all turn toward the door... but Machete was hiding under the stretcher, hidden by the sheet. Using the surgical instruments, he kills a number of the sniper's henchman, ripping a hole open in one's midsection and grabbing his intestine, using it as a rope to go through the window and rappel down (Felix had conversationally mentioned to the nurses that the human intestines are sixty feet long). Sartana is playing a combat video game that uses movements from her whole body as controls. As she finishes up, her boss, Jonas, calls her and tells her that McLaughlin was shot by an illegal immigrant. Sartana rushes to her TV and watches footage, amazed as she recognizes Machete. Jonas orders her to bring him in. Machete is staggering down a street when he is found by Luz, en route back home with her taco-stand truck. She tells him that he's all over the TV and ushers him inside her truck, driving him to her house. TV news updates show that the assassination attempt on Senator McLaughlin has pushed his ratings to a commanding lead in the re-election race. That he was shot by an illegal immigrant is convincing people that harshly strict border security is now necessary. Luz brings Machete into her bedroom and lays him down on her bed, breaking open an egg underneath the bed so its vapors will help Machete heal. Machete sees various newspaper clippings on Luz's bedroom wall showing her dressed and armed as a revolutionary soldier-- strongly hinting that she is the legendary 'Sh' who leads the support Network. Luz sadly tells Machete that while she is the Network's leader, the figurehead of 'Sh' is an imaginary personage she created to give the people she helps, a sense of hope and purpose. If she really was this figurehead, Luz wouldn't be operating a taco truck. Luz originally just tried to provide food for immigrants and try to discreetly get them jobs, but now Von and his border vigilantes are hunting her and her people like dogs. Machete tells Luz that she is a fighter and can stop the injustice. Luz reveals that she knows who Machete is-- she's heard about the legends. He suggests that maybe the legend is better. Saying she'll be the judge of that, Luz gets into the bed and sleeps with Machete. Sartana is on Machete's trail, searching for him. Her computer, tapping into identification databases, finally identifies a photo of him and Sartana is astonished as she reads the file on Machete, his background as an ex-Federale, his impressive credentials. Booth is at his palatial home breakfasting with April, and his wife June ( Alicia Rachel Marek )-- on tacos, of all things. Despite being involved in drug-dealing, Booth is trying to get April in college to go on to a decent career; but April reveals she models herself-- pornographically-- on the web, and her site receives a tremendous amount of internet traffic. Booth's cell phone rings; the sniper is reporting in about Machete's escape. Booth furiously orders the sniper to go to the corner where Booth picked Machete up, and find him. The sniper corners a day laborer and questions him on Luz's whereabouts. The laborer says he hasn't seen Luz yet-- 'she's late.' The sniper realizes that the laborer didn't mean 'she,' but 'Sh...' and the laborer knows where 'Sh' lives. The sniper is arriving with more henchmen at Luz's house. Machete awakens, alone, finding Luz gone, and that the Texas heat has cooked the egg under the bed. The sniper's henchmen, automatic weapons at the ready, prepare to open fire as one of them knocks on the door. A steel machete bursts through the door, through the henchman's forehead and out the back of his skull. Seeing this, the sniper orders his remaining henchmen to burst in and get him. Machete ambushes one of the henchmen, gruesomely killing him with a wine corkscrew. Hearing the man's death-scream, the sniper reaches into his car and pulls out a wired C4 brick, hurling it through one of the windows. As Machete kills the remaining henchmen, Sartana drives up to the house, looking to question Luz about Machete. She sees the sniper drive off as Luz's house explodes, hurling one of the dead henchmen away from the blast to land right on the hood of Sartana's car. She screams in horror and jams on full reverse, driving away. Machete is limping away from the house when Sartana finally finds him. Pulling her gun, she orders him into her car... and calls him 'Agent,' revealing she also knows who Machete is. As Sartana drives, she and Machete talk. Sartana reveals she is with ICE, but she doesn't plan to bring Machete in... she wants information that she knows Machete has. Sartana is looking to transfer to a different job within her company, tired of working over Luz and the laborers who gather at her taco stand, admitting that the guilt arising from her own Mexican heritage is getting to her. She questions Machete on the assassination attempt and he tells her that he was planning just to shoot McLaughlin in the neck, rendering him mute and stop his propaganda campaign. He then reveals it was all a set-up and another shooter was there. Sartana, amazed, turns toward Machete and asks who it was. Taking advantage of the distraction, Machete grabs the gear shift for Sartana's car and yanks on it, causing Sartana to lose control of her car and forcing her to jam her foot on the brakes before she crashes. Machete disarms her quickly and points the gun at her, telling her to resume driving. Calming down, Sartana reveals she knows what happened to Machete's family, but she begs him to trust her, because she believes the system works here... she started in ICE as a janitor, working her way up through translator, assistant, and to her current position as special agent. Machete however, dismisses this as another method for Sartana's superiors to get her to continue 'taking out the trash.' She continues trying to plead with him, looking to put Machete into witness protection if he just tells her who hired him for the hit on McLaughlin... but Machete doesn't answer. Booth and the sniper are getting a fax that identifies just who the 'nobody' day laborer they hired for the hit, really was, finally understanding that he is serious business. A wireless conference call on Booth's laptop is connecting him to Torrez, who asks if the sniper is the man Booth assigned to kill Machete. He's disappointed at Booth's high tolerance for failure-- but Booth says he is not tolerant, and proves it by garotting the sniper to death right in front of the monitor so Torrez can see. Booth then announces he is calling in Osiris Amanpour, the deadliest, most notorious professional hit-man in Texas, to deal with Machete. But this is not enough to get Booth off the hook-- Torrez warns Booth that he has 24 hours. After that, Torrez will be forced to come up to Texas himself-- and if he has to do it, then after he kills Machete, he will kill Booth as well. Sartana has brought Machete home and is fixing him a meal in hopes that it will persuade him to talk. Machete doesn't know Booth or who he is, just that he is not Mexican, and Luz doesn't know anything about him either, meaning the Network isn't involved in the assassination attempt. Machete tells Sartana that Booth paid him $150,000 to do the job, though he doesn't tell Sartana why he took the money. Sartana continues trying to reason with Machete. She knows that he is essentially a man with no country now-- he has no legal papers for American residence and couldn't hope to return to Mexico. She can get him documentation, but he needs to work with her... starting by telling her who hired him for the McLaughlin hit. Seeing that Sartana's hand has edged close to the knife she used in preparing the meal for him, Machete points her gun at her again and tells her that he is going to find the man who hired him and deliver him to Sartana. To win her trust, he hands Sartana's gun back to her before leaving her home. Sartana is sardonic at his exit, saying she knows he took the bullets out of the gun before returning it... but then she checks the clip and finds she was wrong-- Machete returned the gun to her fully loaded, trusting her not to use it to arrest him again. A day laborer named Julio ( Daryl Sabara ) and a friend of his are arriving at Luz's house, horrified to see it in ruins... but Luz comes up behind them, showing she is alive and well, and can't be taken down that easily. She thinks that Von was behind the bombing of her house and tells Julio that Von's gone to war with them. Smiling slyly, Luz tells them she wants to show them something. She does not notice Sartana driving up to the house. Luz takes Julio and his friend to her garage, showing an impressive arsenal of high-tech firepower. Still, she says, it's not enough for 'the revolution.' She's not going to be around forever, and if something happens to her, she says, Julio needs to find Machete and tell the people that they need him. Sartana walks in and confronts Luz, gun drawn. When she asks where Machete is, there is a brief moment of panic, Julio certain that Sartana is looking to deport them all. Sartana assures Julio and Luz that Machete's told her that they were not involved in the McLaughlin shooting. Still, she knows that the garage is a hiding place for something, and she wants to know what. Warily, Luz shows Sartana everything... the garage is her headquarters for The Network. The walls are covered with cork boards on which are placed photographs with notes on people she's helped get across, find work, and she makes sure they all do their part in becoming productive workers that help others in turn. She also has a board for people that are missing, presumably to Von and his vigilantes. Another board has photos and clippings of Von and his men. Luz doesn't know who is funding him, but Von's efforts are making a mess of Luz's operations. Her network does go very deep, including lawyers, priests and doctors of all backgrounds and races. Sartana reassures Julio that she's not going to blow the whistle on what she's learned. She's going to walk away quietly and pretend she hasn't seen it. As she leaves, she tells Luz and Julio to let Machete know she's looking for him. Machete goes to a Catholic church. The Padre there ( Cheech Marin ) was once a fellow Federale with Machete, who has retired from that business and joined the Priesthood. And yet, he is the one Machete is now turning to for help with Booth and all his henchmen. Padre says he'll try to help Machete however he can, though he is very unenthused at having to call on his former skills once again. Padre takes booth to his office in the church, Turning on a TV, he shows Machete footage of McLaughlin and Booth giving a press conference shortly after the assassination attempt. Machete points Booth out as the man who hired him and finds out for the first time just who Booth really is-- he's an aide to Senator McLaughlin himself. Booth comes into Padre's church a lot to make confession; mostly for improper and indecent fantasies involving April. Padre gives Machete a 'file' he compiled on Booth: typed transcripts and audio CD recordings of confessionals showing that Booth had confided a great deal of his life's goings-on to Padre. Padre has been keeping this file ever since he found out Booth was running his own drug cartel, a dealing Padre believes that even McLaughlin doesn't know about. The question at this point, which neither Machete nor Padre have any idea on at the moment, is why Booth would hire Machete to kill McLaughlin if the Senator is Booth's own boss. Padre tells Machete that his presence in the church isn't safe-- for Padre himself. He gives Machete a hurried, tossed-off church absolution and ushers him out. But as Machete leaves, he tells Padre he's borrowing his car-- a hearse that Padre keeps for a side-business... funerals. Machete goes to Booth's house. He finds his way to the shed and grabs some gardening tools so he can pose as a hired gardener. Two of Booth's guards let him past, directing him toward the back yard to clean up there. As Machete goes on his way, the guards resume their idle conversation; one is sardonic about how people will let any Mexican person into their home when they're carrying gardening tools, when in fact they could also have a chainsaw... or a machete. The guards whirl around just in time for one of them to get whacked by a thrown tool. Machete knocks both guards out, ties them up and dumps them in some high foliage around the front yard. He then finds his way to the swimming pool, where April is setting up a hidden video camera to shoot more footage of her making out with a man, to post on the internet. And this time, her mother, June, is going to join in for a threesome. April and June note that Machete is not the usual gardener, but deciding that he looks more than ruggedly handsome enough, they invite him into the pool. Machete is shown holding a bottle of 'scorpion tequila' before he starts undressing. Machete gets in the pool, making out with both April and June. He's then seen taking the video camera and depositing April and June, both still naked and now unconscious from the drugged tequila, into the back of the hearse. He goes to Booth's office and steals a number of recordable DVD's which he knows contain a lot of sensitive information, although he finds they are encrypted so he cannot access and view them on Booth's laptop. Finally he puts the video camera, with a sticky note saying, 'watch me,' into the box where Booth kept the DVD's. Machete brings the still-unconscious April and June to the church. Padre is incensed but is reluctant for Machete to simply dump the two women in the street somewhere. Booth arrives home, disconcerted at finding the whole house seemingly unoccupied. He goes to his office and sees his DVD box open. He finds the video camera and plays its footage as the note directs him to, shocked and horrified as he sees the footage of April and June making out with Machete. Booth's cell phone rings. Thinking it's Machete, he furiously demands to know where his family is. The call, however, is from Osiris. He's found out about Padre, and his relation to Machete. A re-election TV commercial for McLaughlin is shown, exploiting the shooting for sympathy votes. The narration mentions that after taking a vow to defend the state constitution, he has now also taken a bullet for it. Night time at the hospital where McLaughlin is still recovering. He gets a call on a cell phone he's been keeping hidden-- it's Von. Von has heard that McLaughlin has a problem that Von can help fix. Despite the clear business relationship between McLaughlin and Von, their civil relationship is not quite so cordial-- McLaughlin needs to keep any hint that he has ever spoken to Von at all, quiet and under wraps, lest Von's bad reputation as a border vigilante rub off on him. Von is talking to his right-hand man, Billy ( Billy Blair ) about the shooter. Von knows he's gone underground. He tells Billy that he way to find him is to find the Network. He then says they need to call their 'special friend' and ask him to send a lot of heavy firepower if he's serious about wanting the border shut down. A monitor near Von lights up to show his 'special friend...' it's Torrez. Machete brings all the evidence he has on Booth to Sartana. She plays them on her laptop. One shows video footage of Booth explaining the assassination idea to, of all people, Padre. A motive for the set-up is finally revealed... if an assassination attempt on the Senator by a Mexican was foiled, and McLaughlin ended up with only a flesh wound in the leg, enough public sympathy would be generated to not only get McLaughlin re-elected, but even become a viable White House candidate. Sartana and Machete cannot, however, access the encrypted sub-folders on the DVD. But the confessional itself contains a hint to the password: Machete looks at confessional footage revealing Booth's twisted sexual desires for his daughter and guesses the password to be 'I (heart symbol) April.' Instantly the encrypted files snap open and Sartana is astonished at what they reveal. Everything comes together now: the partnerships between McLaughlin and Booth, Von Jackson... and Torrez. Machete is grim as he finds out that Torrez is the kingpin behind everything. Sartana finds that Torrez is funding McLaughlin's re-election campaign because he actually wants the electrified border fence built... but the DVD also shows special 'weak spots' along the fence... spots that would allow Torrez to gain a complete monopoly control over all illegal drugs being run from Mexico into the United States. Sartana drinks as she puts the whole plot together, and by the time everything is figured out, she's become intoxicated. Machete takes her shoes off her feet and lays her in her bed. Sleepily, she invites him to come lay with her. Machete slowly takes off his leather jacket and gets into the bed. Luz is closing and locking up her garage when she is confronted by Von and Billy. Von believes that Luz is behind the shooting of McLaughlin. He's found out she's with the Network and believes she is at the head of practically all of McLaughlin's problems. Luz tells Von that she doesn't work that way, but if Von wants a war, she'll give him one. Von suggests instead an eye for an eye... before pulling his gun and shooting Luz-- right in her eye, leaving her barely alive and clinging to life in the road. Osiris is entering the church with henchmen, but Padre sees them coming on a security system he's installed to watch out for burglars. Knowing immediately these men are bad news, Padre (a little reluctantly) grabs two loaded, high-powered shotguns, getting ready to put his former skills as an ex-Federal to good use. Knowing the layout of the church grounds far better than the would-be assassins, Padre gains the element of surprise and takes out all of the henchmen, leaving Osiris alone against him... or so Padre thinks. Padre nearly gets the drop on Osiris as well, but his leg is suddenly gravely wounded by a firearm blast... coming from Booth, who coolly walks in and greets Padre sardonically. Booth and Osiris crucify Padre, nailing his arms to the cross that is at the church's altar, interrogating him to learn Machete's whereabouts. Padre is aghast at the thought that Booth hates Mexican people that much, but Booth denies this-- it's all about money and profit; a more secure border that only Torrez knows how to circumvent limits drug supply and drives prices up. Even McLaughlin himself doesn't know about Booth's connection to Torrez and being so heavily involved in the drug trade. Booth gives Padre one last chance to tell him where Machete is. But Padre tells him nothing, knowing he is dead either way. Driving more nails in as hard as he and Osiris can, Booth gives Padre his death. Sartana wakes up, sober, finding herself snuggling with Machete and surprised at it. She hurries to check her clothes, sighing with relief at seeing that Machete did not take advantage of her while she was drunk. Smiling at the realization, she turns over and snuggles again, putting her head back on his shoulder. Machete slowly awakens and starts to roll Sartana off of him. She's reluctant, but Machete is not being merely modest this time... he sees silhouettes through the curtained windows. More assassins have found them. Machete and Sartana spring into action, killing all of their would-be slayers... Sartana winning a hilariously choreographed one-on-one battles using a pair of stilleto-heeled shoes as weapons against the masked leader of the assassins. She pulls off his mask, stunned to recognize him as Culebra Cruzado, an elite professional hit man. Sartana and Machete realize that if he was called in, then Booth knows about Sartana and is looking to have her taken out as well. Machete suddenly mumbles, 'my hermano' and rushes off to the church with Sartana. Staring at Padre's crucified body, Machete takes out the cell phone Booth gave him. He sends Booth a stern warning via text message: 'You just f[CENSORED]ed with the wrong Mexican.' As Machete leaves the church, Sartana glances up and happens to notice a security camera that she realizes caught footage of Padre's murder. Booth receives Machete's text, knowing that Machete is coming after him now. Torrez appears on Booth's monitor via conference call. Behind Torrez is a view of the Texas capitol building, showing he is in Austin. He's come to kill Machete... and he tells Booth that Machete's death is the last thing Booth will see. In desperation, Booth tries to bribe Torrez by telling him about Sartana, saying that she is an ICE agent who now has enough evidence on both Booth and Torrez to bring down the entire operation. Machete storms Booth's home, taking out the bodyguards easily. The bodyguard chief hands Machete a GPS device that will lead Machete right to McLaughlin's limo, and Booth is with the Senator now; he is due to be released from the hospital. Sartana is on the phone with her boss, Jonas, telling him all about the conspiracy she's uncovered. She listens in complete disbelief as Jonas rails on, only about Machete being Mexican and an illegal alien. Telling Jonas that she's going to do what's right, she hangs up and walks up to a Spanish-language news building, handing over an envelope to one of the news correspondents. McLaughlin is scheduled to be interviewed by the press as he is released from the hospital. He and Booth argue over TV coverage of Padre's murder and that it appears that Machete was involved. McLaughlin is no longer buying Booth's argument of Machete being a 'nobody' and a 'cockroach' that will 'soon be squashed;' he knows that Machete is a one-man killing machine and he doesn't want to be next. As he is released from the hospital, McLaughlin goes to meet with the press; Booth beside him. Booth has given McLaughlin a cane so he can feign a more serious injury to milk the crowd for sympathy. McLaughlin launches smoothly into his anti-immigrant propaganda, quickly bringing out his heavy-artillery words of 'terrorist' and 'invader.' But the correspondent who met with Sartana is attending the conference, and she quickly lowers the boom on McLaughlin and Booth. The press coverage quickly shows everyone video footage not only of Booth murdering Padre, saying, out loud, that he was martyring McLaughlin to get the border fence built... but also of McLaughlin cold-bloodedly killing the young Mexican man and his pregnant wife in the border shooting with Von Jackson. McLaughlin and Booth race out of the hospital into McLaughlin's limo where they have it out in a heated exchange of words. Booth furiously shouts that he was practically McLaughlin's personal Jesus and virtually owns his soul. McLaughlin angrily pulls a revolver and shoots Booth several times in the chest, before carjacking a taxi to make his escape. Machete arrives then, his trademark machete ready to carry out his own execution... but finds himself late to the party; Booth mortally wounded in the rear seat and McLaughlin nowhere in sight. Like a sinner making deathbed repentance, Booth tells Machete everything he needs to know about the partnership with Torrez, using the orchestrating shooting of McLaughlin to ensure that Torrez would gain complete control over the Mexican drug runs into the United States. He begs to know where April and June are, and Machete only says, 'with God.' Dryly remarking that he won't be seeing them in that case, Booth dies from his gunshot wounds. April and June finally wake up from their drugged stupor; finding themselves still naked and in the office of Padre's church. June picks up the phone to call for help and notify her husband... only to receive the grim news that Booth is dead; shot by Senator McLaughlin. Staring in sick grief and anger, April fixates her gaze on a nun's habit hanging on a clothing hook in the office. At Von Jackson's compound, men are rehearsing combat drills. McLaughlin calls Von, who is infuriated at TV coverage that has revealed his ties to Torrez's drug cartel. He holds McLaughlin responsible. McLaughlin says Machete has to be smoked out, and he wants to personally put the bullet in Machete's head. He says he is joining Von and his men for one last 'ride-along.' Day Laborers are gathered at Luz's taco stand, laying wreaths and memorials. As Machete arrives, Julio quickly finds him, telling him that Von's vigilantes killed Luz and are now after Machete. Speaking like a leader himself now, Julio tells Machete that the people need him to spearhead the war on Von. Despite being adopted, he wants to help. Machete starts to rebuff Julio's offer, when Julio stuns Machete by repeating Machete's own words three years ago to his slain partner: 'if not us, then who?' strongly implying that Julio is the son of the partner killed at Machete's side in the encounter with Torrez three years prior. Julio takes Machete to an auto chop shop where he works. His co-workers have all of the firepower Luz was keeping stashed at her garage and are preparing for war. Machete tells Julio that attacking Von will lead them to Torrez. Sartana arrives at the taco stand, trying to question the Day Laborers about Machete. But the laborers, none of them trusting Sartana any further than they can throw the taco stand, quickly turn their backs and walk away from her-- until Sartana finally climbs up onto the hood of her car and passionately begs the workers to join forces and fight against the people who are trying to get them expelled from America. Finally renouncing everything she's worked for in front of the laborers and defining the difference between laws, and what is right and wrong, Sartana wins over the laborers and earns their respect. They shout in unison, ready to organize the whole Network into action. None of them notice one man congratulating Sartana on her speech and likening her unto Machete, saying she's Machete's kind of person... dead. The man is Torrez. Cell phones spring to life all across the city; Mexican laborers spreading word as the Spanish-language Noticias news station reports on Booth's murder at the hands of McLaughlin after the revelation of Torrez having funded McLaughlin's re-election campaign. At the chop-shop, Julio tells Machete that McLaughlin and Torrez have gone to Von's armory to prepare for battle, and that Sartana is now Torrez's captive. Getting into cars and onto motorcycles, the laborers all follow behind Machete and Julio. McLaughlin arrives at Von's compound, but finds the welcome nowhere near as warm as he'd hoped. Considering McLaughlin in league with Mexican illegal immigrants and guilty of treason against the state of Texas, Von is preparing to have McLaughlin executed, and the execution broadcast on live TV. As McLaughlin is led away, Billy orders all the other men to their posts to prepare for the assault that they know Machete is going to lead on the compound. Tied to a chair in a shed, McLaughlin is forced to announce in front of a camera that he has betrayed his oaths of office and deserves to die as a traitor. Meanwhile, the convoy of laborers-turned-revolutionaries arrives at Von's compound. Julio's car is fitted with hood-mounted RPG launchers that blow open the gate and take out a high tower suitable for Von's men to launch artillery fire of their own. The revolutionaries charge into the compound and the battle erupts. Slowly the battle starts to turn cheesier and campier as reinforcements arrive for the Mexican people... Doc Felix's ambulance; his two sexy nurses pickin gup discarded automatic weapons and commencing fire on Von's men... and out of the ambulance steps Luz; alive and well; an eyepatch over the eye she was shot in... dressed and armed like Rambo's daughter. Von and his firing squad must postpone the execution of McLaughlin and rush outside to help battle the revolutionaries. Luz and some revolutionaries find their way into the shed, where Luz tells McLaughlin that if he wants to live, he needs to become Mexican quickly. Happy to fight for whatever side will ensure his own survival, McLaughlin dons denim clothes and a hat similar to the revolutionaries' attire, and is given a pistol. The battle quickly escalates into a hilarious blend of Rambo meets the A-Team; Von's men slowly being decimated by the revolutionaries; Luz and Machete bagging the most casualties. Billy flees the armory with a few men, abandoning the rest. McLaughlin is suddenly struck by a hearse that pulls into the compound. The fallen senator isn't quite sure he trusts his own senses when he sees a beautiful young Catholic nun walk up to him. He pleads with her to give him last rites, thinking he's dying. But the nun is April, wearing the habit she'd taken from Padre's office... and ready to carry out her own form of justice. She shoots Mclaughlin three times in the chest, before picking up an automatic weapon and joining the battle. Seeing he has lost the war, Von gets to his jeep, gunning down a few revolutionaries as he seeks to escape the compound. He barely gets past the door when he sees Luz's reflection in his rear-view mirror. It is the last thing he sees. Machete, however, has one last battle to fight. Torrez confronts him; his henchwoman/slave girl holding Sartana, who is bound and gagged. Torrez uses his katana to free Sartana, before ordering both women to back up and watch the duel. Torrez baits Machete as they battle; Torrez's katanas against Machete's machetes. Torrez speaks about their past together as fellow Federales before Torrez went for power instead of honor. They killed a lot of 'bad guys' together, but now Torrez is the bad guy. Machete makes a lunge for Torrez; who disarms him and throws him to the ground. He prepares to behead Machete, but Machete's blade is close by. He grabs it and drives it clean through Torrez's middle. Acting like the wound is hardly serious and that he could kill Machete now, Torrez instead 'relents,' tossing his katana aside and going to his knees, grabbing the machete and disemboweling himself; committing hara-kiri in front of all the combatants The henchwoman/slave girl, the sole survivor of the altercation who was against the immigrants, walks off alone. Machete, Luz, and Sartana all climb up on car hoods as the victorious revolutionaries raise their weapons and cheer in victory. In the middle of the night, at the wreckage of the armory, ex-senator McLaughlin awakens; he had been given a bulletproof vest by Luz, which protected him from April's bullets, though his leg and hip are still hurt from being struck by the hearse. Using the cover of night, he goes to the border, looking to escape into Mexico, where he is found by Billy and the few survivors of Von's army who escaped the compound. Not recognizing McLaughlin due to the darkness and McLaughlin's still wearing the laborer clothing, Billy and his men gun McLaughlin down, leaving him entangled in the barbed-wire fence, Billy repeating McLaughlin's own quote from the border shooting: 'welcome to America.' Machete is driving down the road on a motorcycle when a police car pulls up behind him and blares its siren. Machete stops, and Sartana steps out of the car. She's pulled some strings and gotten Machete legal documentation for permanent resident status in America. But Machete refuses the papers, saying he has no need to become a 'real person' again now that he is already a myth among Mexicans struggling to make a life in America. Saying she'll ride with him wherever he goes, Sartana climbs onto the motorcycle and starts making out with Machete as he drives off. Fade to black, with a narrator giving the obligatory 'of course the entire world will cease to exist unless you get an entire crapton of sequels' pitch, complete with appropriate captions: Machete will return in:: MACHETE KILLS! And in: MACHETE KILLS AGAIN! 
 Sin City (2005)651) An exploration of the dark and miserable Basin City and three of its residents, all of whom are caught up in violent corruption. Four tales of crime adapted from Frank Miller's popular comics, focusing around a muscular brute who's looking for the person responsible for the death of his beloved Goldie (Jaime King), a man fed up with Sin City's corrupt law enforcement who takes the law into his own hands after a horrible mistake, a cop who risks his life to protect a girl from a deformed pedophile and a hitman looking to make a little cash. Tom Benton Pivoting around four stories from Frank Miller 's Sin City universe, three tainted anti-heroes of Basin City, the cradle of crime and corruption, cross paths in their search of redemption. On the brink of retirement, Detective John Hartigan, the vile city's last honest cop, breaks every rule in the book in his crusade to save the innocent eleven-year-old girl, Nancy Callahan, from the clutches of the well-connected child molester, Roark Junior. Meanwhile, in another part of the town, bearing the deep scars of endless fights, Marv, the hulking ex-convict and grotesque brute with the killer fists, finds himself framed for a crime he didn't commit, hell-bent on revenge and murder. Finally, as a bloody act of justice in the Old Town, the city's red-light district, threatens the already delicate truce between the local prostitute community and the police, the taciturn private eye, Dwight McCarthy, becomes a protector after helping their cause. Can there be justice without sin? Nick Riganas Walk down the right back alley in Sin City, and you can find anything. This lousy town is as black-and-white as the men and women living in it, and they're all the same: true to themselves until the grimy hands of the law try to corrupt their upstanding ways. Leaping from the pages of Frank Miller's comic books, Sin City is film noir like you've never seen it before. Johnny "Sin City" is infested with criminals, crooked cops and sexy dames, some searching for vengeance, some for redemption and others, both. This movie incorporates storylines from three of Miller's graphic novels including "Sin City", which launched the long-running, critically acclaimed series, as well as "That Yellow Bastard" and "The Big Fat Kill". Where Hartigan (Bruce Willis), a cop with a bum ticker and a vow to protect stripper Nancy (Jessica Alba). Marv (Mickey Rourke), the outcast misanthrope, is on a mission to avenge the death of his one true love, Goldie). There's also Dwight (Clive Owen), the clandestine love of Shellie (Brittany Murphy), who spends his nights defending Gail (Rosario Dawson) and her Old Towne girls from Jackie Boy (Benicio Del Toro), a dirty cop with a penchant for violence. Austin4577@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Customer is Always Right In Basin City, The Man (Josh Hartnett) approaches the stunningly beautiful Customer (Marley Shelton) on the balcony of a penthouse apartment. They chat and seem to fall in love. The woman talks about how she's "tired of running." The Man suddenly shoots her with a silenced pistol, as she had earlier arranged for him to do. The Man says he'll "cash her check in the morning." That Yellow Bastard Hartigan (Bruce Willis) races to the docks to prevent Junior (Nick Stahl) from raping and murdering 11-year-old Nancy. As he drives, his voiceover reveals that it's the day before he's supposed to retire from the Basin City police force because of a heart condition. His partner, Bob (Michael Madsen) tries to stop him, arguing that Hartigan has a bad heart. Hartigan tells Bob that backup will arrive too late and Nancy will have been killed & then knocks Bob out. After disarming Junior's henchmen, Hartigan corners Junior on a pier. Junior tries to use Nancy as a shield but Hartigan is too good of a shot, and blows off Junior's ear and pistol hand before shooting him in the groin. But before Hartigan can finish him off, Bob shoots Hartigan in the back. Junior's father is a powerful senator and Bob knows who calls the shots. Hartigan goads Bob into shooting him several more times to keep him from killing Nancy before more police officers arrive. The Hard Goodbye Marv (Mickey Rourke) is a frighteningly ugly, brutish man. Although he does not flinch from violence -- and even enjoys it in many circumstances -- he has a strong moral code by which he lives. He is surprised when the stunningly beautiful Goldie (Jaime King) comes to him and professes her love. They make love and fall asleep in each others arms. When Marv awakens, she is dead. Marv is bewildered because he believes no one can sneak up on him. Then the nearly immediate arrival of the police lets Marv know that he has been set up. He fights his way through the hail of bullets with which the police officers greet him and makes his way to the apartment of Lucille (Carla Gugino), his stunningly beautiful lesbian parole officer. She gives him the medication he needs to maintain his sanity as he explains to her that he is on a mission to find who is responsible for Goldie's death and brutally kill them. Marv makes the rounds of Basin City's criminal element to find out who ordered Goldie's death and his framing. The road leads to a priest (a cameo by Frank Miller), to whom Marv confesses his sins. Marv then points a gun at the priest, who tells him that the person behind the crime was Cardinal Roark (Rutger Hauer), the most powerful man in Basin City and the brother of Senator Roark. Marv kills the priest when he suggests that Goldie was a slut. However, even Marv pauses before going after Cardinal Roark. Instead he goes to the Roark family farm house where he is assaulted by the superhumanly agile Kevin (Elijah Wood), who knocks Marv out with a sledgehammer. Marv regains consciousness in a basement cell. The walls are adorned with the heads of young women; they're other Basin City prostitutes. In the corner cowers Lucille. She informs him that Kevin is a cannibal and has cut off her hand and eaten it before her eyes. She also tells him that powerful people are willing to protect Kevin and that she was under suspicion as soon as she began to investigate Goldie's death on Marv's behalf. Goldie and some of the other prostitutes of Basin City had been servicing the upper echelons of the clergy and Goldie learned of Kevin's evil tendencies. She then went to Marv for help. Marv busts out of his and Lucille's prison. A SWAT team arrives at the farm. Lucille is killed by them while trying to surrender herself and Marv, setting Marv off on another of his rampages. Marv tortures the last cop left alive, who confirms that Cardinal Roark was behind Goldie's murder. Marv is captured by a woman who looks exactly like Goldie. She takes him back to Basin City where she interrogates him brutally. Her name is Wendy, and she is Goldie's twin sister. She believes that Marv is responsible for Goldie's death. When he explains to her and the other prostitutes the truth, she agrees to help him get revenge. They go to a hardware supply store and buy what Marv will need to kill Kevin and drive to The Farm. Marv takes another beating from Kevin but tricks him into getting too close; Marv handcuffs Kevin to his own wrist, neutralizing his leaping ability. Marv slowly dismembers Kevin and allows Kevin's pet wolf to eat him. Kevin, as ever, remains silent. Marv then takes Kevin's head to Cardinal Roark. Roark freely admits that Kevin was his protege and that they both were cannibals, justifying their actions because they only killed and ate prostitutes. Marv brutally kills Cardinal Roark. The police arrive and shoot Marv down. Marv receives surgery for his wounds and spends months in the hospital recovering. When he's released, the police beat him severely & get him to sign a confession after they threaten to harm his mother. He's put on trial not only for the murder of Cardinal Roark but all of Kevin's crimes, as well and is sentenced to death. Wendy visits him on Death Row and permits Marv to call her Goldie. They spend the night together. The next day, Marv is sent to the electric chair. It takes two massive jolts of electricity to do the trick. The Big Fat Kill Jackie Boy (Benicio del Toro) tries to persuade Shellie (Brittany Murphy) to let him and his thuggish friends into her apartment. She delays them because Dwight (Clive Owen), her new lover, is there. While Dwight dresses in the bathroom, Shellie lets Jackie Boy in to avoid violence. He smacks her anyway then goes into the bathroom to urinate. After he has finished, Dwight sneaks up behind Jackie and holds a straight razor to his throat. He tells Jackie to leave Shellie alone from then on & then dunks his head in the toilet. Rattled and embarrassed, Jackie Boy leaves. Dwight knows they are headed for Old Town in Basin City, where they can get prostitutes and abuse them. Despite Shellie's pleas not to, he decides to follow them and end their crime spree. But he doesn't need to bother, because the self-motivated prostitutes, led by the stunningly beautiful Gail (Rosario Dawson), are more than up to the task of defending themselves and their territory. They kill Jackie Boy and his gang and then proceed to loot the corpses. Dwight goes through Jackie Boy's pockets and discovers why Shellie begged Dwight not to follow him: Jackie Boy is really "Iron Jack" Rafferty, a police officer. If it becomes known that Jackie Boy was killed by the prostitutes, it would end the fragile agreement between the police and prostitutes that keeps the mob out of Old Town. And Jackie Boy was seen entering Old Town by other police officers. Dwight decides to take the bodies to the tar pits and dump them before the police can arrive. Gail protests but because they have an impossible love for one another, they relent. One of the other prostitutes, the silent but beautiful Miho (Devin Aoki), uses her skill with swords to dismember the bodies which are then put in a beat up old car for Dwight to drive. Jackie Boy's body couldn't fit in the trunk, so they prop him up on the passenger seat. On his way to the tar pits, Dwight imagines a conversation with Jackie -- Jackie taunts Dwight about hearing voices in his head and that the girls of Old Town gave him a car with a nearly empty tank. When Dwight is followed by a cop, he suddenly slams the brakes, smashing Jackie's face into the dashboard. The cop assumes Dwight is driving a drunk friend home and lets him go. Dwight barely makes it to the tar pits but is ambushed by Irish mercenaries who want to take Jackie Boy's body to the police. After a battle, the mercenaries are able to take Jackie Boy's head. They leave Dwight to drown in the tar pits. He is rescued by Miho and Dallas, who had followed him. They catch up with the mercenaries after a short car chase and kill them and retrieve Jackie Boy's head. Dwight realizes that the prostitutes have a traitor in their midst, someone who has thrown her lot in with the mob. It turns out to be Becky (Alexis Bledel), who phoned Manute (Michael Clarke Duncan) to let him know about Dwight's trip to the tar pits. Manute kidnaps Gail and holds her for ransom. Dwight calls and offers to exchange Jackie Boy's head for Gail. They meet in an alley behind Manute's headquarters. Manute announces his intention to kill them all anyway. Dwight has packed Jackie Boy's head with explosives which he then detonates. The other prostitutes open fire on Manute and his men from the rooftops above, killing many of them. Slightly wounded, Becky slips away. That Yellow Bastard (continued) We return to Hartigan's story, where we find he's survived Bob's hail of gunfire. Senator Roark (Powers Boothe) will personally pay for Hartigan's surgery so he can go on trial for assaulting Junior. Roark believed Junior could have been president one day and now won't even be able to give him a grandson. Hartigan will be tried for Junior's crimes as well. Young Nancy visits Hartigan in the hospital and promises to write him while he is in prison. Hartigan spends eight years in solitary confinement, unbroken and refusing to confess to any crimes. His only solace is the letters he receives from Nancy, who is careful to conceal her identity and location. Then, one day, the letters stop. A yellow man, giving off a wretched stench then suddenly appears in Hartigan's cell and punches him in the face. When Hartigan wakes up, he discovers another envelope and finds a severed finger in it (which he believes to be Nancy's). Worried that Nancy has been discovered and wanting to protect her again, he confesses to everything in exchange for his release. Bob meets him at the prison gates and apologizes for double-crossing him. He drives Hartigan to Nancy's apartment. It has been broken into but there is no sign of Nancy. Discovering a matchbook from a sleazy bar in her apartment, Hartigan decides to check there to see if anybody knows Nancy. At the club he is disturbed to learn (from barmaid Shellie) that Nancy (Jessica Alba), now nineteen and stunningly beautiful, is an erotic dancer. We catch a glimpse of Marv. Hartigan also recognizes a misshapen, canary-yellow man, the Yellow Bastard of the title, in the bar who gave off an unpleasant odor and had once beaten him in his cell. Hartigan realizes he has been set up to lead the forces of evil to Nancy. He tries to leave the bar before Nancy recognizes him but it is too late. She leaps off the stage and kisses him passionately. They leave together in her car. The Yellow Bastard follows them and begins shooting at their car. Hartigan returns fire, wounding the Bastard and causing him to crash his car. Nancy and Hartigan go back to examine the accident but the Bastard's body is missing. They go to a motel where Nancy confesses her love for Hartigan. Hartigan admits he feels the same way but is reluctant to act on his feelings. The Bastard surprises them. He reveals that he is Junior; his new skin tone and misshapen appearance is due to experimental procedures Senator Roark had put him through so his genitalia would grow back. He hangs Hartigan by a noose and takes Nancy back to the Farm to brutalize and kill her. Before they leave, Hartigan gravely tells Nancy not to scream -- Junior can only be sexually satisfied if his victim screams. Hartigan survives the hanging, frees himself and follows them to the Farm. While the Bastard tries to whip Nancy into screaming -- she only taunts him about his impotence -- Hartigan kills the police officers standing guard. He confronts the Bastard in the barn. He stabs the Bastard in the chest, rips off his genitals, then beats his head into a pulp, finally killing him. Nancy watches with joy and love. Hartigan sends her home, telling her that he has to wait for the police so he can give them the true story and reveal Roark's corruption once and for all. However, Hartigan knows that as long as he is alive Roark will come after him and Nancy to get revenge for Junior's death. To sever Roark's only lead to Nancy, Hartigan commits suicide. The Customer is Always Right (continued) At the Basin City hospital, Becky talks on her cell phone to her mother. She gets in the elevator and sees The Man. Knowing who he is, she says goodbye to her mother for the last time. 
 Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer (2007)541) The Fantastic Four learn that they aren't the only super-powered beings in the universe when they square off against the powerful Silver Surfer and the planet-eating Galactus. Everything seems to be going great for the Fantastic Four. Reed and Sue are finally getting married, and things couldn't seem better. However, when the mysterious Silver Surfer crashes things, they learn that they will have to deal with an old foe, and the powerful planet eating Galactus. ahmetkozan After defeating Von Doom, the Fantastic Four can really enjoy life more. All four are now comfortable with their new powers. The Thing and Johnny Storm now get along with each other, and Sue Storm is now planning to be Mrs. Fantastic. Galactus, an evil creature in space, has decided that Earth is its new target, and sends the Silver Surfer to destroy it. Reed Richards and his team must now work together to capture this surfer, and even must now team up with one individual who they didn't expect to help. Film_Fan After the fierce battle with Dr Doom in Fantastic Four (2005) , the world's incredible quartet of defenders is up against with yet another threat. As a series of widespread anomalies and massive sinkholes coincide with the arrival of the intergalactic harbinger of destruction known as the Silver Surfer, the Fantastic Four, and the world, must brace for the worst. Now, a fragile alliance with a despised adversary seems like the only way to avert the end of cosmos; however, Reed, and the others, already know that there's more to the suspiciously willing supporter than meets the eye. Can humankind survive the attack of Silver Surfer's master, Galactus, the devourer of worlds? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens out in space as a strange alien planet slowly fades away and implodes. A mysterious blue entity leaves the planet prior to its destruction, and is next seen flying through the atmosphere over Earth. At the same time, a number of strange circumstances unfold (the China Sea freezes over and the Sphinx is covered with snow). A news reporter states that the FAA was forced to ground all flights as a result of these events. Reed Richards (Ioan Gruffud) watches the news from the airport and is disgusted because the news is more focused on his upcoming wedding to Sue Storm (Jessica Alba) than the strange events. The Fantastic Four board the plane now cleared for flight. Ben Grimm (Michael Chiklis) is obviously uncomfortable crammed into a Coach seat. Johnny Storm (Chris Evans) suggests that the team get an endorsement and form their own private airline. He then leaves to fly himself back home as the Human Torch. Back at the Baxter Building (the team's headquarters), Sue and Reed discuss the details for their upcoming wedding. Johnny shows off his prototype new uniforms to the team (they are loaded with company logos and product placement). Johnny tries to snoop on Reed's latest product while Reed explains that the global disturbances are being caused by a similar tyoeof cosmic radiation that originally gave the Fantastic Four their powers. Johnny insists on throwing Reed a bachelor party. Reed is opposed to the idea, until Johnny blackmails him with the threat of telling Sue that Reed is spending more time researching disturbances than taking care of his end of the planning. The mysterious entity passes over the nation of Latveria, and its residual energy frees Dr. Victor Von Doom (Julain McMahon) from his imprisonment. Johnny takes Reed and Ben to a nightclub for Reed's bachelor party. Reed and Ben are obviously uncomfortable (Reed because of his shyness, Ben because of his Thing powers). A military force led by General Hagar (Andre Braugher) arrives at the Baxter Building to see Reed. Sue takes them to the club where they see Reed dancing (making full use of his Mr. Fantastic abilities) and Reed is embarassed. Ben explains to Sue the history Reed has with General Hagar: Hagar had designed a new defense system several years ago, while Reed testified that the technology it called for was unreliable. General Hagar is concerned about the anomolies occurring worldwide, and shows the team sattelite photos of the mysterious entity. The generals' assistant, Captain Frankie Raye shows the team photos of craters that have been appearing in the same spots as the entities appearance. Hagar asks for a way to track the mysterious entity, but Reed turns him down because his wedding is in a few days. Johnny flirts with Captain Raye as they leave, but she shoots him down. Later on, Ben finds out that Reed has decided to build the tracking system for the general anyway. Ben (and Johnny, who flies in when Reed is building) both agree to keep quiet. The next day is the date of Sue and Reed's wedding! Hundreds of guests file in (including a cameo by Fantastic Four creator Stan Lee). Sue discusses her future with Alicia Masters (Kerry Washington), Ben's blind girlfriend. Susan realizes that she has a zit on her forehead, but is able to conceal it with her Invisible Woman abilities. Reed finishes the satellite tracking system less than an hour before the wedding begins. He is happy to have finished the project, but once Ben points out that he is about to be married, Reed goes limp with shock. Johnny comes in and has a brief discussion with Ben about his relationship with Alicia, at which point Ben almost breaks Johnny's skull out of anger and embaressment. Victor Von Doom begins to track the mysterious entity, trying to figure out the power that brought him back to life. As Reed & Sue stand before the minister, Reed's Palm Pilot goes off telling him that the sattelite tracker has come online. Sue is outraged that he lied to her. The entity then passes through New York City, causing a massive power outage and sending one of the news choppers covering the wedding flying towards the rooftop. Sue uses her force field ability to block the chopper from hitting the guests. Ben jumps in and rips off the tail of the helicopter to prevent anyone from getting cut to pieces by the blades. As the entity passes overhead, Johnny shouts "Flame ON!" and gives chase. The Human Torch follows the mysterious thing through the city and watches it pass through a building- thus getting his first look at The Silver Surfer (Doug Jones). Torch and Surfer begin an Ariel chase across half the country, but the Surfer ends it by grabbing Johnny by the throat and levitating him to the stratosphere, then sending Johnny flying back down to earth. Johnny is barely able to re-ignite his flame in time to stop crashing. In space, the Silver Surfer contacts his master and awaits further orders. Johnny describes the Silver Surfer to the team, who are skeptical at first. General Hagar orders Reed to find another way to track the Surfer. Sue confronts Reed, worried that the two of them can never have a normal life if they continue to act as part-time superheroes. Sue is unsure if they can ever actually raise a family together. Johnny, still dazed from his encounter with the Surfer, tries to fly but ends up falling off the building. Sue runs outside to check on him but when she touches his forehead Sue suddenly bursts into flames! Johnny shouts "Flame ON" but he only succeeds in turning invisible. Reed sees what has happened and runs outside. He suggests that Sue touch Johnny again, and they revert to their normal powers- though Sue is now naked after burning off her clothes. Reed does a physical on them both and sees that Johnny's molecules are in a state of flux, and that he may switch powers with any of them just by touch. Ben immediately takes advantage of this and grabs Johnny's shoulder, turning him into the Thing! Johnny is appalled by his new appearance and grabs Ben, changing them both back. Sue is still watching the news when she is joined by Reed. Reed announces that he has decided to give up being a hero once they are married. She is ecstatic, but Johnny overhears them and is angered. Victor Von Doom calculates the next appearance of the Silver Surfer. He confronts the cosmic entity, suggesting a partnership between the two of them. The Surfer ignores Doom's idea and blasts him with a burst of cosmic energy. Doom is angry, but then notices that the energy is restoring his normal organic appearance. Johnny tells Ben about Reed & Sue's plan to leave. Ben is mad but decides that something like this is something that they can't argue with. Reed points out that the Silver Surfer's energy has been tracked to several other planets, which are now lifeless husks. They realize that 8 days after the Surfer's appearance on any world, that planet dies. Reed gets the idea to track the Surfer using the coordinates of the craters he leaves behind. En route the the newest spot (in London), Johnny confronts Reed & Sue about their decision and they argue. The Surfer's passing through causes The London Eye (London's famous Ferris wheel) to be damaged, and many civilians are in danger. The Fantastic Four quickly rush to save them, with Johnny trying to chase the Surfer again. But Johnny accidentally collides with Reed and they switch powers. Ben & Sue almost let the Ferris wheel collapse before Reed gets the idea to use Human Torch's power to weld it back into place. Reed sets back down and quickly reclaims his rightful power from Johnny, angry that Johnny's recklessness almost killed a lot of people-including Sue. General Hagar is outraged at the Fantastic Four's failure. He has decided to get extra help: Victor Von Doom. Ben, outraged that their old foe is still alive, attacks. Reed convinces Ben to back off, and asks what Victor has to contribute. Victor shows a recording of his previous encounter with the Silver Surfer. They observe that the Surfer's energy attack originated from his board, and theorize that if they can divide him from the board the Surfer will be vulnerable. Johnny and Ben spend the night at a bar, discussing the turn of events. Johnny asks Ben what he wants to do if the world is indeed coming to an end. Ben admits that part of him would want to go down fighting, but he mostly would want to spend his last moments with Alicia. Johnny agrees, apparently jealous that Ben has someone so special to him. Reed has surrounded himself with databases, working around the clock to find the solution without Victor's help. Sue comes in and reassures him, ordering Reed to relax. Sue mentions that Reed's pulse must be overexerted, and the word "pulse" inspires Reed: he can create an energy pulse generated by a power field to divide the Surfer from his board. Reed requests some equipment from General Hagar to build the power field. Sue confronts Victor about his intentions and his return. Meanwhile, Johnny flirts with Frankie again but she blows him off as a reckless jokester. The Fantastic Four arrive at the newest coordinates and begin to set up the pulse generators. Ben has a humorous confrontation with a bear when setting up his section of the generator. Susan is setting up her generator when the Silver Surfer appears in front of her. Sue approaches the Surfer, asking him why he is working to destroy the planet. The Surfer claims that he has no choice; that he is not the destroyer but merely a beacon. General Harding spots the Surfer and opens fire. Silver Surfer merely swats down the missiles with his cosmic powers. Reed activates the pulse system, knocking the Surfer off his board (and in the process turning his body from bright silver to a dull, tarnished gray). General Harding brings the Surfer and the board to a hideout in Siberia for further study. He places the Fantastic Four under "house arrest" until they are finished studying. Sue decides to go out and confront the Surfer. She asks him who the real destroyer is, and the Surfer responds (showing her an image) that the true destroyer is his master, a vast cosmic entity known by many names and forms which his people refer to as Galactus. The Silver Surfer explains that his service spares his homeworld from the destroyer. Surfer explains that he is compassionate towards Sue because she reminds him of his beloved. Out in space, a vast cloud is shown moving towards Earth. The destroyer is drawing closer. Victor is permitted to do tests on the board. He uses a special device to free the board from its confinement and bond with it. General Hager tries to stop him, but Doom blasts him with his new cosmic energy and vaporises the general. The Fantastic Four escape from confinement, also freeing the Silver Surfer. Frankie is reluctant to let them leave, but Johnny pleads with her and he manages to convince her. As they get outside, Reed summons his new invention- the FantastiCar, a flying hovercraft for the team. Reed, Sue, Ben and the Surfer climb in (Johnny flies along beside them). The Silver Surfer confesses his real name- Norrin Radd. He agrees to try and help them. The Fantastic Four track Victor to Southeast China, and attack. They are able to lure him over the land, but must abandon the FantastiCar after he attacks it. Norrin confronts Doom, who fashions a javelin from the board's energy and hurls it at him. Sue steps in front of Norrin, conjuring up a force field to protect them both, but the javelin passes right through the force field and impales Sue, mortally wounding her. Seeing no other option, Johnny suggests that all of the other team members transfer their powers to him. They argue, but Norrin points out that they have no other choice- Galactus has arrived, and is extending its tendrils into the planet to devour it. Reed tells Johnny to aim for the remote emitter Doom is using to connect himself to the board. Ben, remembering his thought of going down fighting, takes control of a giant crane and uses it to attack Doom. The combined efforts of the team's powers is successful and Doom crashes into the ocean, sinking out of sight. Norrin re-connects with his board, and infuses Sue with a small part of his cosmic energy, restoring her to life. The Silver Surfer tells Reed to treasure every moment with Sue, and flies off to face the cosmic entity. He is joined midway by Johnny, who uses the last of his combined powers to give the Silver Surfer a boost into the cosmic storm. In the heart of the cloud, Silver Surfer tells Galactus that he will no longer be a servent. Norrin Radd charges up a massive amount of cosmic energy and then releases a huge blast, stopping the cosmic entity by apparently destroying them both. The Fantastic Four, including the revived Sue, are thrilled to see that the destruction of the planet has stopped but saddened by the loss of the Surfer. Johnny accidentally comes into contact with Ben, but is shocked to see that nothing happened. To everyone's relief, Johnny's second encounter with the Surfer has restored his powers to normal. Sue reveals that she has decided against her past ideas and does not want to break up the team, since they just saved the world together. Reed agrees that they cannot run away from their responsibilities and that people do not have to be "Normal" to have a family. Reed also has an idea regarding the prospect of a wedding. Sue and Reed decide to hold a Shinto-style wedding while they are still in China. They must rush through the ceremony when Reed's pager alerts them of new danger. Sue tosses the bouquet to the women in the audience (including Frankie, who apparently has decided to pursue a relationship with Johnny). When it looks as if Frankie might catch the bouquet, Johnny "accidentally" sneezes and burns up the flowers. The Fantastic Four boards their newly restored Fantasticar and speeds off to another adventure!!! In a bonus scene partway through the credits, the Surfer and his board are seen floating through space. The Surfer appears to be dead after his encounter with Galactus. But suddenly the Surfer's board turns and begins to move toward him. 