nm0005579:

 Kim Possible (2019 TV Movie)Summaries Heroes Kim and Ron face the problems of starting high school as freshmen when their team gets an addition. Every hero needs a villain and one's just been sprung from prison. Will Kim save the world again or will high school bog her down? Everyday teen hero Kim Possible (Sadie Stanley) and her best friend Ron Stoppable (Sean Giambrone) embark on their freshman year of high school, all while saving the world from evil villains. While Kim and Ron have always been one step ahead of their opponents, navigating the social hierarchy of high school is more challenging than the action-heroes ever imagined. With Drakken (Todd Stashwick) and Shego (Taylor Ortega) lurking in the wings, Kim must rely on her family and friends on Team Possible -- Ron, tech-genius Wade (Issac Ryan Brown), new friend Athena (Ciara Wilson), and Rufus, a naked mole-rat -- to stop these super villains. Disney Channel It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Even Stevens (20002003)Summaries The Stevens family live in Sacramento, California, where the two younger children in the family, Ren and Louis, who have opposing personalities, often clash. Louis Stevens is a maladroit freshman who worships Jay Leno; his older sister Ren is a dean's-list star who plots out the day's coursework with her monogrammed Palm Pilot. Gross-out humor ensues when the siblings scheme against each other to get the upper hand at school and at home. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deadly Daycare (2014)Summaries After a few years of financial hardship, young mother Rachel decides to go back to work to help her ex-husband with the mounting bills. With nobody to watch their 4-year-old daughter Mia, Rachel decides to enroll her in the local daycare center, Little Ones, owned by a seemingly-responsible older woman, Deborah. Mia starts to behave differently and Rachel concludes that she might be getting mistreated by Gabby, one of Little Ones' teachers. anonymous After a car crash lands Troy in a wheelchair, his embittered wife Gabby, who lost her baby in the apparent hit-and-run, becomes the breadwinner, working in Little Ones, a model daycare center owned by generous Deborah. She takes an unusual interest in Mia, the 4-year-old daughter of Rachel, a court sketch-artist who wrongly assumed she could get decent alimony from her ex, poorly-paid city lawyer Daniel, who is duly skeptical when Rachel suspects Mia may be abused, but strange things keep happening around their homes. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kim Possible (20022007)55) A high school cheerleader and her accident-prone best friend balance their duties as global crime-fighters with the typical challenges of adolescence. Kim possible-not just an ordinary girl. She is a cheerleader and she saves the the world, even on school nights. With her sidekick, best friend and now new boyfriend and his naked mole rat (Rufus) go through normal teenage life while saving the world. what else can she do. Amy.S Kim Possible looks like an average high-school cheerleader, but in her spare time, she saves the world from super villains. Her buddy, Ron Stoppable, his pet Rufus, and a resourceful webmaster named Wade collaborate on secret missions and can do anything. When she's not defeating the bad guys, Kim still has to cope with typical pressures of school, family and social life. Jwelch5742 Kim Possible is a girl who can do anything: stop an avalanche or an evil supervillian. She goes to high school with her friend and sidekick Ron Stoppable (and his pet mole rat Rufus) by day; by night she tackles the baddies that threaten the world. She's helped by a genius computer nerd Wade, and a network of grateful people that she's helped in the past, who give her free rides all around the planet to where she's needed. Tony B "Kim Possible" is about a high-school cheerleader who, with the help of her best friend Ron Stoppable and his pet naked mole rat Rufus, saves the world from various comical villains and still finds time to be a relatively normal girl with crushes, extracurricular activities, and high-school rivals. Mac Elmore It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 