nm0010901:

 The Amazing Transparent Man (1960)Summaries A crazed scientist invents an invisibility formula. He plans to use the formula to create an army of invisible zombies. Paul Krenner, an ex-major with delusions of grandeur, has forced scientist Peter Ulof to develop a radiation-based technique to turn men invisible, with which process he plans to create an invisible army to sell to the highest bidder. He busts safecracker Joey Faust out of prison and forces him to undergo the invisibility treatment so he can steal more radium to further the experimentation. Plans go awry when Faust discovers there is a side-effect to the invisibility treatments he didn't count on. Doug Sederberg <vornoff@sonic.net> The notorious safecracker Joey Faust escapes from the state prison and Laura Matson drives the getaway car. They head to an isolated farm where the deranged Major Paul Krenner has a laboratory. He has abducted the daughter of Dr. Peter Ulof to force the scientist to develop a technique to create an invisible army. Paul plans to sell the army for a large amount to any government and now he needs radium to proceed the research. Paul and his partners Laura and Julian force Joey to be submitted to the experimental treatment. Then he breaks in a facility and robs the radium. Joey convinces Laura to go with him to the city to heist the National Bank, but he is surprised by an unexpected side effect and becomes visible. What will happen to Joey Faust? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Z Cars (19621978)Summaries A gritty drama which follows the work of the police force in the fictional town of Newtown in the North of England. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Strange Compulsion (1964)Summaries A young medical student has a compulsion to secretly observe women--whether they're naked or clothed doesn't matter--and is afraid that if he is caught it will ruin his chances of becoming a doctor. He goes to a psychiatrist, who tries to discover the reason for his voyeurism in order to help him. frankfob2@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Naked Witch (1961)Summaries A student researching the German settlements of Central Texas unearths the grave of a reputed witch. The witch (who happens to be both beautiful and naked) rises from her grave and embarks on a campaign of seduction and murder against the descendants of her persecutors. It's up to the student to stop her bloody reign of terror-if he can resist the seductive powers of her evil beauty. D.A. Kellough <dkelloug@infinet.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 