nm0004989:

 How I Met Your Mother (20052014)321) A father recounts to his children - through a series of flashbacks - the journey he and his four best friends took leading up to him meeting their mother. Ted Mosby sits down with his kids, to tell them the story of how he met their mother. The story is told through memories of his friends Marshall, Lily, Robin, and Barney Stinson. All legendary 9 seasons lead up to the moment of Ted's final encounter with "the one." colucciconnor Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ted gets a surprise message from "The Captain." "Oh, crap," Ted says. The Captain was Zoey's husband. Ted hooked up with Zoey. Ted is afraid. The last time Ted saw The Captain was a year and a half ago and, it's a "crazy story." Ted had rekindled things with Becky, the model from a "Boats! Boats! Boats!" commercial. Lily invited them to an art gallery opening and The Captain showed up with his art consultant, Shelley. (As Ted is telling this story, Barney is trying to inject himself into it). Lily pointed out an elephant painting, saying she thought the artist was really going places. The Captain mouthed to Ted that he was going to kill him, then invited Ted, Robin and Lily up to his apartment to see a new piece of art. In the apartment, The Captain pulled a harpoon gun on Ted, but then said he wasn't mad at him for hooking up with Zoey. He'd moved on, but wanted Ted to promise he wouldn't steal his new woman. But who was this new lady? Ted had to see the picture of the new lady in The Captain's life. It was Becky "Boats! Boats! Boats!" Ted's phone rings again and it's The Captain. He wants Robin's phone number. Barney doesn't want to let him have Robin's number, but weighs the potential benefits of his own ability to hook up with someone if Robin hooks up with The Captain. Marshall thinks he should, just to see what happens. Robin is upset because of her awkward exchange with The Captain that night of the art gallery event. The way Robin remembers it, The Captain was totally into her and suggestively Chap-Sticking his mouth. Robin says that once they ended up in The Captain's apartment, it wasn't a harpoon gun, but a remote control that The Captain pulled out. And he was actually flipping his DVR between "The Real Housewives of Atlanta and "Kourtney & Kim Take Miami." Robin says The Captain invited her back to his bedroom to show him his painting. He was waiting in bed for her, but Robin assures Barney that nothing happened. She told him that because he was on the rebound, he should take some time and call her in a year and a half. Marshall tells Robin to call The Captain and let him down easy. Robin calls The Captain and tells him she's engaged. The Captain is confused. He thought she was married to Marshall. He was thinking about Lily all along. Robin asks Marshall if she should give The Captain Lily's number. "Yes," Marshall says quietly. "We've already discussed it, it's $4 million cash." Then he realizes she was asking about Lily's phone number. Lily says her past is coming back to haunt her. Marshall says he'll be upset if she slept with The Captain for anything less than $2.8 million, which was as low as they agreed they'd go. Lily then offers up her memory of the night, in which Ted was stoned out of his mind and Robin was totally drunk after her "meeting that ran long." They were both embarrassing her and when The Captain arrived, Robin actually flirted with The Captain, suggestively putting on her Chap-Stick. Shelley insulted Lily's taste in art. Once they were back in his apartment, Lily was not entirely impressed with The Captain's prized painting and thought the elephant painting would look better. He insulted her, as well, saying "it doesn't matter what you like you're just a kindergarten teacher." That's when Robin walked into The Captain's bedroom and planted a kiss on him, before falling on top of him in his bed and falling asleep. Lily says The Captain was a jerk and deserved to have his precious painting stolen. But she didn't steal the painting. She stole a priceless crystal ashtray from his study. Marshall asks Ted, Robin and Barney to leave because they're going to fight about the fact that this priceless ashtray has been in their apartment for a year and a half. At the bar, Ted finally asks Barney why it's so important to him to be a part of this story. Barney says, "Crazy stories are my thing. You have architecture, Marshall has the law, Lily has art, Robin has pleasing my sexually. You all have a passion that drives you." He says his passion is "taking life and turning it into crazy stories." He says that if they can do that without him, then he has no purpose. Ted and Robin decide to rewrite the story and include Barney in it. They tell him they now remember he was in disguise, running a play from the playbook on Shelley the art consultant. Robin says it was some play that had something to do with art. "The Royal Archduke of Grand Fenwick," Barney says. "A simple play you can do using two every day household objects: A Prussian military costume and a painting of yourself." Robin says that's the one "and it totally worked on Shelley." Barney then says he totally nailed her, then totally nailed her sister. Marshall tells Lily she needs to return the ashtray and apologize. He doesn't understand why she was so bothered by The Captain's insult, and she says it's because "he was right." She says she has a degree in art history and just became a kindergarten teacher instead of chasing her dream. Marshall assures her she can quit her job and get back on the art track. She thanks him and decides to return the ashtray. The next day, The Captain is surprised to see the ashtray and says, "No harm done." But that's not why he called. He leads her back to his bedroom and shows her the elephant painting hanging over his bed. He says he went back to the gallery and bought the painting. "Shelley didn't stop you?" Lily asks. "Shelley was off with some Archduke she met at the party," The Captain says. He says he liked what Lily said about how she just liked it. It's now worth $4 million. In the year and a half since he bought it, the artist has turned into a huge star and nobody saw it but Lily. He jokes that he's going to give her $2 million of it, then tells Lily, "Trust me, the tax code being what it is, you do not want to be rich right now." But then he seriously offers her a job as his art consultant. "And she said yes," Barney interjects at the bar. "Guys, it was amazing! You should've been there." Barney is reminded that he, too, wasn't there and Robin and Marshall ask Lily to finish her story. "I said yes," she says. 
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 )Summaries A young woman, destined to slay vampires, demons and other infernal creatures, deals with her life fighting evil, with the help of her friends. "In every generation there is a chosen one... she alone will stand against the vampires, the demons and the forces of darkness. She is the slayer." Buffy Summers knows this tale by heart, and no matter how hard she tries to be just a "normal girl", she can not escape from her destiny... Thankfully, she is not alone in her quest to save the world, as she has the help of her friends, the hilarious (and surprisingly quite effective) evil-fighting team called "The Scooby Gang". Together, Buffy & co. will slay their demons, survive one apocalypse after another, attend high school and college... and above all, understand that growing up can truly be Hell sometimes... literally. m_starling It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 American Pie (1999)431) Four teenage boys enter a pact to lose their virginity by prom night. Jim, Oz, Finch and Kevin are four friends who make a pact that before they graduate they will all lose their virginity. The hard job now is how to reach that goal by prom night. Whilst Oz begins singing to grab attention and Kevin tries to persuade his girlfriend, Finch tries any easy route of spreading rumors and Jim fails miserably. Whether it is being caught on top of a pie or on the Internet, Jim always ends up with his trusty sex advice from his father. Will they achieve their goal of getting laid by prom night? Or will they learn something much different? Film_Fan At a high-school party, four friends (Jim, Kevin, Finch, and Oz) find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to try to be the first to "score." And of course, the senior prom is their last best chance. As the fateful date draws near, the boys wonder who among them will get lucky. More importantly, do they really want to do it at all? Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. American Pie, set in the year 1999, focuses on a group of four close friends in their senior year at the fictional East Great Falls High School in west Michigan; Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Chris "Oz" Ostreicher (Chris Klein), Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who is better known by his surname. Kevin is confident and charming and is dating his long-term girlfriend, Vicky Lathum (Tara Reid); Oz is a laid-back member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim is socially awkward and sexually nave and suffers pressure and questionable advice from his father (Eugene Levy); while Finch is a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate who plays golf and wears sports jackets. The four have very differing personalities, but share a common characteristic; they are all virgins, in sharp contrast to popular lacrosse player and arrogant jock Steve Stifler (Seann William Scott), whose wild, extravagant house parties they are regularly invited to. While at one of Stifler's such parties, the four each attempt to score with various girls at the party with very limited success. Oz is humiliated by an older girl, Finch is too late for the party and Jim attempts to talk to Czechoslovakian exchange student Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), but fails completely. Kevin receives fellatio from Vicky, but she overhears him complaining about it to Jim and promptly dumps him. The next morning, the four wake up hungover and depressed, to find ultra-nerd Chuck "Sherminator" Sherman (Chris Owen) seeing off a pretty girl, and are left shocked and frustrated when The Sherminator claims that he lost his virginity to her the same night. Kevin decides to take a stand and defiantly declares that the four will make a pact, to lose their virginity before the school prom and graduation. Later, while eating breakfast in a restaurant, they toast each other to 'the next step' and formulate individual plans to achieve sexual success. Kevin immediately sets out to win Vicky back, but has to work very hard to even get a chance with her, and begins to seek advice from others. Vicky's best friend Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) reveals to Kevin that, despite his thinking otherwise, Vicky has never felt an orgasm from Kevin, and that he has to work on that above everything else. His older brother Tom (Casey Affleck) then passes onto Kevin the secret of 'The Bible' - a manual of love and sex compiled by various East Great Falls students over several decades. Both Jessica and Tom divulge their advice only after Kevin stresses he wants to make Vicky happy, rather than simply taking advantage of her for his pact. Kevin finally seizes a chance to make things up with Vicky, and performs oral sex on her in her bedroom using his new techniques. Vicky experiences an intense orgasm and is driven wild by Kevin, winning him the promise of sex at the prom after-party in the process. Meanwhile, Oz joins the school's jazz choir in an effort to lose his stereotyped reputation as a muscleheaded lacrosse jock and find a loving girlfriend there. He is mocked relentlessly at first by his friends and the other choir members, but soon wins the attention of Heather (Mena Suvari), one of the choir singers who also suffers being stereotyped as a priss. She swiftly asks him out to the prom with her, but changes her mind upon seeing Stifler and his friends mocking her, and assuming Oz was doing the same. A desperate Oz volunteers to become lead vocalist alongside Heather to try and regain her trust. He succeeds when she catches him tirelessly rehearsing alone in the theatre, and pays him a visit after-hours at the sandwich bar he works at to reconcile. Their relationship is dealt another blow when Oz realizes his last ever lacrosse game for East Great Falls clashes with the choir competition, but a frustrated Oz decides to abandon the game halfway-through and rushes over to the music hall, where he makes it just in time. He performs the long-awaited duet with Heather to rapturous applause from the audience, including Kevin and Jim themselves. After Oz describes third base to Jim as "like warm apple pie", a curious Jim temporarily loses his sanity and has full missionary sex with a freshly-baked apple pie left on the table by his mother (giving the film its eponymous title). His father walks in on the act and is left stunned and disappointed by his son's actions. Now almost without hope, Jim has a stroke of luck when Nadia, seemingly at random, asks him if she can come round to his house and study with him. After dropping the crucial detail that she'll be coming straight from ballet practice and will need to change, Stifler persuades Jim to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch Nadia stripping together over the internet. Upon Nadia's arrival, Jim sets up the webcam and dashes across the street to join Kevin and Finch at Kevin's house. Against expectation, an almost-naked Nadia discovers Jim's pornography collection and begins to passionately masturbate on his bed, causing a riotous reaction from Stifler, Kevin and Finch on the other end, as well as Stifler's young brother Matt (Eli Marienthal). Kevin and Finch force Jim to go back and seduce her while the moment lasts, which ends with Nadia forcing Jim to strip and dance for her while she reads his pornography. By now, various groups of East Great Falls seniors, including members of Blink 182, are watching the live action in excited anticipation, as Sherman reveals that Jim accidentally addressed the webcam link to everybody in the entire school directory. Nadia then seduces Jim and sits him down next to her on the bed, but unfortunately, he prematurely ejaculates, disappointing Nadia and completely grossing out his live web audience. A desperate Jim pleads for Nadia not to go and wins her around, but when Nadia takes her panties off, he involuntarily ejaculates again upon touching her clitoris. Nadia swiftly exits, leaving Jim a nervous wreck. The next day, Jim has become the laughing stock of the entire high school and is left despondent and depressed, especially upon hearing that Nadia has been immediately sent back home to Czechoslovakia by her sponsors after the incident. However, he senses luck when unpopular band geek Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) randomly begins to talk to him. Upon revealing she knows nothing about the webcam incident, he seizes the opportunity to ask her out to the prom with him, which she gleefully accepts. Finch at first appears to have no plan, but Kevin's suspicions arise when corroborative rumours begin flying around the school that Finch has legendary sexual prowess, has had relations with older women, and that he even knocked out Stifler in a fight. Kevin investigates and discovers that Finch paid Jessica $200 to spread the rumours under the pretense of truth. Finch quickly becomes the most talked-about and most awe-inspiring senior in the whole school, with hordes of girls desperate to go to the prom with him. However, Stifler, angry about the rumours against him, spikes Finch's mochaccino with laxatives, and promptly dupes him into using the girls' restroom, where Finch suffers explosive diarrhea in the presence of several senior girls. Afterwards, he emerges to a torrent of mockery, laughter and abuse from a hysterical crowd of seniors, with Stifler at the helm, and is left humiliated, broken and completely dateless. The prom night finally comes around. Finch is the only one of the four who attends alone, but Jessica, also alone and feeling guilty for taking his money, offers to dance with him, even giving him a brand new hip flask as a gift for his troubles. The prom itself is cheap, tacky and uneventful and derided by most of the students, but a cocky, bragging Kevin sees it as a good time to query his friends for a "status check" on their pact. Oz and Finch are disinterested, and a burnt-out Jim lets loose and rages at Kevin for causing all the pressure, insisting that sex isn't at all as important as they previously made out. The outburst shatters Kevin's bravado and makes him wonder whether things will truly go as planned between him and Vicky. However, their spirits are all collectively lifted, when Chuck Sherman's partner at the prom gets up onto the stage and announces in front of everybody that Chuck is a liar and is actually still a virgin. Chuck wets himself in embarrassment, and the four boys excitedly catch the bus to Stifler's huge post-prom party at his mansion on Lake Michigan. As the party begins to gain traction, the four boys all individually fulfill their pact with almost no conscious effort. Kevin and Vicky go to an upstairs bedroom where they finally have sex for the first time, but their desires for perfection and timing cause the interaction to become rigid and awkward throughout. While walking along the lakeside, an emotional Oz confesses the pact to Heather, who becomes wary, but he renounces the pact and declares that he's already won just by being with her at the prom. They passionately embrace each other at the dockside, naturally and fluidly moving into their first sexual experience. Meanwhile, Jim is snoozing through Michelle's immature band camp stories, but chokes on his drink when she reveals she knows more about orgasms than she's letting on. Michelle leads him upstairs, where she reveals she actually knew all along about the webcam incident, only accepting Jim's date because he was a "sure thing". Jim finally gets to have disaster-free sex, but Michelle is dominant and violently aggressive, shouting abuse at Jim, roughing him up and smashing things up with her hands and feet out of sheer passion. Finally, a bored Finch wanders around restricted areas of the house and bumps into Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whose aura and natural beauty takes him aback. After some sophisticated, upper-class conversation and flirting, she becomes aroused by Finch's precociousness, and they proceed to make love on the snooker table as the party goes on through the night. Dawn breaks early the next morning over Stifler's mansion, which is littered with sleeping seniors. Oz watches the sun rise with a smile as Heather snuggles into his lap at the lakeside, the couple looking extremely content. Kevin and Vicky are also awake, but both are contemplative and neither seem happy. Vicky amicably breaks up with Kevin, citing their separation due to their choice of university and the physical distance it causes, a topic she discussed earlier with Jessica. Kevin is left saddened, but accepts Vicky's reasoning. Meanwhile, Jim wakes up and goes to cuddle Michelle in bed, only to find himself hugging an inflatable toy shark with no Michelle in sight. He quickly realizes Michelle used and abused him for a sordid one night stand, but is left brimming with happiness at how cool the prospect of being used is. Finally, Finch is asleep with Stifler's mom when a hungover Stifler enters the room; he is so shocked at the sight that he collapses and passes out. Later on, Kevin, Oz, Jim and Finch all go to their favorite hang-out restaurant, the fittingly-named "Dog Years", for breakfast. Far from celebrating their pact with stories, they all remain very conservative and hushed about their experiences the night before, with Oz gleefully refusing to even confirm whether he had sex or not. Regardless, the four lads are now collectively happier than they ever were before, and once again toast each other to 'the next step' as they prepare to leave high school and move away to university. The film ends with Jim setting up his webcam in his room once again, and stripping and dancing to country music. Nadia is on the other end, back in her home country, smiling and laughing at Jim. His father walks in on the act, but sees the funny side. He walks out and starts dancing down the corridor, presumably to make love to his wife, as he seductively mutters "sweetheart!". 
 American Reunion (2012)321) Jim, Michelle, Stifler, and their friends reunite in East Great Falls, Michigan for their high school reunion. Over a decade has passed and the gang return to East Great Falls, Michigan, for the weekend. They will discover how their lives have developed as they gather for their high school reunion. How has life treated Michelle, Jim, Heather, Oz, Kevin, Vicky, Finch, Stifler, and Stifler's mom? In the summer of 1999, it was four boys on a quest to lose their virginity. Now Kara is a cute high school senior looking for the perfect guy to lose her virginity to. Kad Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening shot, we see Jim and Michelle's (Jason Biggs and Alyson Hannigan) bedroom with clothes lying around everywhere while R. Kelly's "Bump n Grind" plays. The bed is rocking, but it turns out to be Michelle bouncing to get their two-year-old son, Evan, to fall asleep. When he does, she takes him to his room and tells Jim she's gonna take a bath. When she's gone, Jim grabs a tube sock, fills it with lube, and starts whacking it to porn on his laptop computer, until Evan suddenly is standing before him. As Jim frantically tries to close the porn, he ends up slamming the laptop shut on his penis and throws the sock on Evan's head. The boy points out that Jim's bleeding so Jim goes to the bathroom to find medicine, only to walk in on Michelle also in the bathtub masturbating with the shower head. Both of them are embarrassed. The next day, Jim, working in a office cubicle, calls up Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), who's working in the kitchen, but has a home job as an architect. He overhears his overbearing wife, Ellie, come in reminding Kevin to watch "Real Housewives" with her. He asks Jim if he's going to the reunion. It'd be the four of them (along with Oz and Finch) and no Stifler. Jim asks if Oz would be down with it considering his job, and nobody knows where Finch is. Meanwhile, Oz (Chris Klein) is a sportscaster interviewing Chad Ochocinco. The interview plays on TV while Oz comes home and finds his hot new girlfriend Mia (Katrina Bowden) in the jacuzzi with another man who turns out to be gay. Oz also considers going to the reunion while Mia is on the phone arguing with her friend Rumer Willis. Elsewhere, the crafty and misanthropic Stifler (Seann William Scott) is seen going around a workplace hitting on women and mocking his co-workers and strolling into an office, rubbing a pic of a hot blonde on his junk before his actual mean-spirited boss, Mr. Duraiswamy, comes in and reveals Stifler is just a temp. He berates him and tells him to get back to work. Jim and Michelle drive to Noah's -Jim's Dad- (Eugene Levy) house trying to forget what Evan saw. Once there, Jim runs into his old neighbor Kara (Ali Cobrin), the girl he used to babysit whom is now a 17-going-on-18-year-old teen. She's way hot and runs up to Jim, who doesn't immediately recognize her. She invites him to her birthday party while her douchebag boyfriend hurries her up. Jim goes to his old bedroom where he starts remembering his webcam incident with Nadia from the first movie, and then sees the porn mags his dad got him. That's when Noah ends up walking in and telling Jim how now that he has a kid, Jim will someday tell him all about the same sexual things his dad told him. Jim asks Noah if he had gotten back out there with dating since his wife/Jim's mom passed away three years ago, but he hasn't. Jim meets up with Kevin and Oz before Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) comes in on a motorcycle looking all badass. They go into the Jilly's Bar where Finch tells them about his travels of the world and joining an African tribe and having the burn-mark to prove it. They are recognized by the bartender Selena (Dania Ramirez), who used to be a dorky fat band geek and old friend of Michelle. The guys look at their yearbook and read their wish list. Oz hoped to coach his son's lacrosse team. Finch hoped to find true love, Kevin hoped to stay with Vicky, and Jim wanted to have Ricky Martin's sex life (until now, of course). Stifler then pops in and buys them all a round of shots. This leads to Jim waking up in his kitchen the next morning, pants-less, and getting caught by Michelle and Selena. Everybody goes to the beach later that day. Oz finds his old girlfriend Heather (Mena Suvari), who is dating a man named Dr. Ron (Jay Harrington), a cardiologist the hospital where she currently works as an intern. Suddenly, AJ, Kara's douche boyfriend, steals Mia's bra top, as well as a few other girls', and sprays the guys with his jet ski. The gang plots some payback, which Stifler says would just be them stealing their beer, when he, in fact, ties their jet skis up and takes a shit in their cooler. AJ unwittingly sticks his hand in the shit and witnesses Stifler driving away and dragging the jet skis out of the water and into some trees. After this, the guys meet up with Vicky (Tara Reid), Kevin's former girlfriend. Later that evening, they go by the lake and walk into Kara's birthday party. She starts flirting with Jim and Stifler encourages him to bang her. Meanwhile, Oz, Heather, Mia, and Ron play a drinking game which gets awkward when Mia calls Heather a prude and when Ron privately asks Oz if he wouldn't mind trading girlfriends. Elsewhere, Finch continues telling Selena about his traveling adventures and they make out. Also, Kevin does some catching up with Vicky, who tells him she dumped her last boyfriend. Jim takes a drunk Kara home, who tells Jim she wants him to be her first. She takes her top off and tries to takes his pants off, but he swerves off the road and she bumps her head against the steering wheel, knocking herself out. A car comes up, and it turns out to be one of the MILF guys, telling Jim he's in charge of the reunion. When he leaves, he calls the guys for help, and they decide to create a distraction so he can get Kara inside her house without her parents knowing she was drunk. Oz, Finch, and Stifler are invited into the house by Kara's parents when her mom recognizes Oz from "Celebrity Dance-Off" (which is evidently, all Oz is remembered or known for). She hits on him as Jim and Stifler sneak the nude Kara upstairs, put clothes on her and manage to get out undetected. When Jim gets home, Michelle has prepared a sexy night for him, but he's already passed out. Meanwhile, Kevin wakes up to Vicky blowing him. Turns out that was just a dream, but he really was sleeping next to her. He leaves in a panic. The next evening, Jim and Michelle agree to spice up their sex life at Stifler's party, and they give Noah a makeover so he can join them. At the party, Stifler is pissed off to see how lame the party is going. Two of his former lacrosse buddies announce their engagement (apparently half the lacrosse team was gay). Mia takes ecstasy while Oz refuses. Kevin confronts Vicky about the night before, but she tells him that their clothes were off because he fell in the lake while drunk. He is relieved that he didn't have sex with her, but she leaves upset that he thought of her like that. Stifler meets a girl who used to blow him, Loni, only to see that she got fat. Desperate, he takes her to the bathroom where she makes him go down on her. A few minutes later, Ron arrives at the party with Heather bringing a DVD of Oz on Celebrity Dance-Off, hosted by Neil Patrick Harris. Oz loses to Gilbert Gottfried and further embarrasses himself by making an impassioned speech about dancing. Later, he goes to the basement and is met by Heather, and he admits he regretted losing her. He kisses her, but after she leaves, Mia straddles him, and the two girls fight, with Heather ripping off one of Mia's extensions. Meanwhile, Noah meets Stifler's Mom (Jennifer Coolidge). The two get drunk and stoned talking about their sons. At the Levinson house, Jim and Michelle try having sex in dominatrix outfits, but Kara comes in trying to seduce him again. That's when AJ comes in after following her and tries to beat Jim up. This leads to a huge fight outside, which is broken up by the cops whom arrest Finch after they reveal that the motorcycle that he rode in on had been reported stolen (Finch apparently stole the motorcycle to impress his friends). Jim is forced to confront Michelle about Kara trying to seduce him, which upsets both girls. The next morning, Michelle has gone to stay with her grandmother, so Jim talks to his father about his lack of a sex life. Jim's Dad tells him that they need to make time for each other while managing their son, as he and his wife did when Jim was a boy (explaining why he went to Hebrew school so much). On the night of the reunion, and the boys gather once again, after Finch's mom bails him out of jail. He reveals he stole the motorcycle from his boss after he didn't give him a raise and that he actually works as an assistant manager at Staples. Oz says Mia broke up with him and left. They look at the senior wish list on the wall of the high school and see Stifler's quote of "hoping to keep the party going with his boys." They find him at work, and they all encourage him to come with them before the asshole boss comes in. Stifler finally stands up for himself and completely browbeats the scumbag boss in front of his girlfriend. At the reunion, Kevin meets Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) who reveals that she recently came out as a lesbian and has brought her butch girlfriend as her date. Jessica tells Kevin to talk to Vicky, where they make amends after he realizes that while he is happily married, he never forgot Vicky as being his first love. Ellie comes in, meets Vicky, and invites her to dance with both of them. Finch hooks up with Selena again since she didn't care about his cool stories, just that he was the nice guy who noticed her before. Oz and Heather kiss, which provokes Ron, who makes fun of Oz, who moves in to hit Ron for the insult. Ron yells at Oz that if he punches him, he'll sue Oz for all he's worth. Stifler responds by punching Ron out, since he "ain't worth jack shit." Stifler also helps Sherman, aka "The Sherminator" hook up with Loni after he sadly reveals he is divorced with custody of his kid Furlong (yes, after Edward Furlong). Jim and Michelle have sex in the band classroom, where they are spotted by Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth) and her short dorky boyfriend. She compliments Jim on being better at containing his excitement. Finally, Stifler is asked by the gay teammates to plan their wedding, which he accepts, and then meets Finch's mom, who is also smoking hot, and the two have sex on the lacrosse field. They are watched by the MILF guy, who reunites with his MILF buddy, and they chant "MILF!" as they watch Stifler bone Finch's mom. The next day, the boys talk about how much fun they had. Jim sees Kara, and the two reconcile over their behavior. The guys sit at their favorite restaurant, where Oz reveals he is staying in town with Heather, and Finch and Selena are planning to go to Europe. They all agree to meet up once a year. As the movie closes, Stifler mumbles that he banged Finch's mom. During the end credits, we see Noah and Stifler's Mom at the movies. He puts his arm around her, and she responds by blowing him as he excitedly exclaims loud enough for the audience to hear. As he finishes, he looks at the people next to him and replies: "Great movie." 