nm0009877:

 Der Neger Erwin (1981)Summaries A man is released from prison. He is planning to pick up his old craft, filmmaking. A reporter follows him to a tavern called Der Neger Erwin (The Negro Erwin). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Achternbusch (2008)Summaries The multi artist Herbert Achternbusch turns 70. A life of 30 films, 20 plays, hundreds of pictures of art, many volumes of prose and novels. One of the most creative, most uncompromising and unconventional German filmmakers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Die Olympiasiegerin (1983)Summaries For all its madcap eccentricities, The Olympic-Winning Lady lays bares more autobiographical allusions than any other Achternbusch work. As in the film, his father was actually a dentist, his mother a sports instructor during the time of the Olympics (and the year of his conception), and he an illegitimate child who remained unadopted by his father until 1960. Nevertheless, realism and chronological order are quickly set aside as Herbert's birth, although accurately placed in 1938, unfolds amidst howling sirens and the sounds of a bombing raid that took place well before the onset of the Second World War. What is important for Achternbusch are not the dates or the facts but the pervasive inner state of the country in which he grew up, whose destruction he experienced as a child. Alun Gowan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Das Kind ist tot (1971)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 