nm0011061:

 The Girl Who Knew Too Much (1969)Summaries A runaway truck containing the corpse of a slain gang leader rolls into a California nightclub owned by Johnny Cain, a hard bitten former free-lance adventurer. The gang threatens to kill Johnny, unless he solves the murder. The CIA also investigates - because it turns out that the slaying was part of a long-range Communist plan to take over the crime syndicate. Cain's search for clues leads him into a maze of beautiful girls, mysterious Oriental statues and murderous spies. alfiehitchie It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Panic in the City (1968)Summaries An American agent is assigned to track down a renegade Soviet spy who is building an atomic device in Los Angeles and plans to destroy the city with it. When a man collapses on the street, he is brought to the hospital and when he was about to be x-rayed, the technician discovers that he is contaminated with radiation. A federal agent arrives to find out how he got infected. They learn that he is a scientist. But before he could be questioned he's killed. So they have to find out what's going on. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Money Jungle (1967)Summaries When four geologists who form a combine of five industrial companies are murdered, a trouble-shooter is hired to find himself in a net of deadly intrigue and treachery. The prize: a field to be leased to private industry by the state. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Destructors (1968)Summaries Foreign agents are after a substance called "laser rubies" that can power a killer laser beam. Government agents are dispatched to protect the rubies and eliminate the foreign agents. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 