nm0005070:

 This Means War (2012)431) C.I.A. operatives wage an epic battle on each other when they discover they are dating the same woman. CIA agents and best friends Tuck and FDR have been benched because someone's after them. Tuck is divorced and not close to his son; FDR is a ladies' man. Tuck places his profile on a dating site; Lauren sees it and goes out with him. She later bumps into FDR; he hits on her and she goes out with him. She's intrigued by both of them. When they learn they're both dating her, they agree to let her choose, but they can't help using their skills to keep tabs on her and each other, and sabotage each other's dates with her. rcs0411@yahoo.com In Los Angeles, Franklin Foster--FDR to his friends--and Tuck Hansen are best friends and partners as undercover CIA agents, recently reassigned to desk jobs after a covert operation gone wrong, which resulted in the death of criminal Jonas Heinrich; his brother Karl, who escaped, vowed revenge on them. Their loved ones don't know what the undercover pair do; they believe that FDR is a cruise-ship captain and Tuck is a travel agent. FDR is a party boy and serial womanizer; Tuck is recently divorced and still yearning for the traditional family life. Through different channels both meet Lauren, relatively new to L.A., reentering the dating scene after her last relationship soured. FDR and Tuck eventually learn that both are dating Lauren, whom each believes is the true love of his life. As neither will give her up, they set some ground rules: neither will tell her they know each other or that she's dating "someone else"; neither will sleep with her; and they won't let her get in the way of their friendship or partnership. But as their feelings for her grow, they disregard the rules, even at the expense of their friendship. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Best friends FDR and Tuck are CIA agents working together. They are assigned to prevent an international criminal, Heinrich, from acquiring a weapon of mass destruction. But the mission goes wrong when Heinrich's brother is killed - making the agents a target for Heinrich. As a consequence, the agents are assigned to desk duty. FDR and Tuck have very different attitudes when it comes to women. FDR is a womanizer, whereas Tuck is looking for love. Tuck has been unable to get back together with his son's mother, Katie, who is dating someone new. So he decides it's to get back in the game and signs up for online dating. He ends up on a date with Lauren, who has been registered on the dating site by her friend after a failed engagement. They meet at a bar for a drink and it goes well. At the end of the date, Lauren goes to the DVD store where she encounters FDR, who is looking to hook-up. FDR attempts to flirt with her, not knowing she was Tuck's date. When she rejects him, he begins to pursue her by turning up to a product testing session at her work. In an effort to get rid of him, she agrees to go on a date. The date doesn't go well, until Lauren bumps into her ex-fiance with his new girlfriend. She proceeds to pretend that FDR is her new boyfriend and that they are very much in love. She is impressed that he goes along with it. As a result, Lauren ends up dating both men - unable to decide which one she likes better. FDR and Tuck discover that they are dating the same girl - but neither one is willing to back down. They make an agreement to carry on dating her (without her knowing that they know each other) but neither must sleep with her - it is then up to her to decide who she wants to date. However, they soon begin underhand tactics to scupper the other, using all the resources of the CIA surveillance at their disposal. As Heinrich catches up with the agents. They are in a car chase, which Lauren is caught up in having gone to lunch with Tuck. On Lauren's advice, they shoot the headlights on Heinrich's car, deploying the airbags and sending Heinrich's car spiraling out of control. Lauren must suddenly choose which side of the road to jump to for protection - Tucks or FDRs. She chooses FDR. Tuck is gracious and declares that he is happy for them both as Lauren confesses that she wants to be with FDR. Later, Tuck reconciles with Katie. When FDR and Tuck are about out to jump out of a Chinook helicopter, FDR tells Tuck that he is going to marry Lauren. He also reveals that he had sex with Katie before she met Tuck, and no longer feels guilty about it because Tuck had sex with Lauren. Tuck, however, reveals that they didn't go all the way and angrily tackles FDR out of the plane. 
 Masterminds (I) (2016)541) A guard at an armored car company in the Southern U.S. organizes one of the biggest bank heists in American history. Based on the October 1997 Loomis Fargo robbery. David Ghantt discovers the true meaning of adventure far beyond his wildest dreams. He is an uncomplicated man stuck in a monotonous life. Day in and day out he drives an armored vehicle, transporting millions of other people's money with no escape in sight. The only glimmer of excitement is his flirtatious work crush Kelly Campbell who soon lures him into the scheme of a lifetime. Along with a group of half-brained criminals led by Steve Chambers and an absurdly faulted heist plan, David manages the impossible and makes off with $17 million in cash...only problem is he foolishly hands the money over to this wild group of double crossers and has been set up to take the fall. With the bandits blowing the millions on lavish and ridiculous luxuries, they leave behind a glaring trail of evidence. Now on the lam and in over his head, David must dodge the authorities, evade a hilarious hit man, Mike McKinney, and try to turn the tables on the ones he trusted most. Relativity Back in 1997, with the closest thing to adventure being an open spot at Loomis Fargo armoured car business, David Ghantt, a shy, quiet man in his forties, entered the world of thrill and excitement, following his dream. If only it were that simple. Instead, from now on, Ghantt's new reality includes a boring repetitiveness of collecting and delivering money, up until that day that Kelly Campbell, a new and exciting colleague, entered the company's door rocking David's world for good. Inevitably, head over heels for her, David is prepared to do anything for her attention, and before long, he would even accept a key role in an inside job proposed by Kelly and her opportunistic accomplice Steve, the town's petty thief. As one of the selected few who hold the key to the vault, David will be successful in his task and with the intention to please his new sweetheart, he will eagerly cram $17 million in the back of the company's armoured van, in the biggest cash heist in history. However, the security cameras are silently recording.. Nick Riganas A dim-witted armored-car driver is lured into taking part in a massive heist by a seductive co-worker and her criminal accomplice. But when his partners steal the money and betray him, he is forced to evade a police detective and an eccentric hit man while seeking his revenge.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is based on a true story. Set in the year 1997, David Scott Ghantt (Zach Galifianakis) thought being an armored car driver would be a dream come true. He discovers that it's pretty boring stuff, and he often fantasizes about getting robbed. Everything changes when he meets Kelly Campbell (Kristen Wiig), a new employee at his bank, Loomis Fargo. David and Kelly hit it off at a shooting range where David accidentally shoots between his buttcheeks. He is in love with Kelly, but he is already engaged to Jandice (Kate McKinnon), a strange woman originally engaged to David's distant cousin before his death. David goes to an awkward engagement photo shoot. One day at work, David and Kelly's boss yells at the two of them to go back to work, so Kelly stands up for David. She argues that even if she gets fired, she can collect unemployment. She pushes it too far when she pretends to sexually harass David and grab his belt, causing his gun to go off and shoot a window. Now she's definitely fired. Before Kelly leaves, David asks for her number. She adds the numbers 143 to the end since it means "I love you" to her, and it's sort of like a signature. Kelly stays with her childhood friend Steve Chambers (Owen Wilson), his wife Michelle (Mary Elizabeth Ellis), their sons and two friends of Steve. After watching a news report on Phillip Johnson robbing from another Loomis Fargo bank, Steve concocts an idea to rob Loomis Fargo so they can escape their dead end lives and get away with some money. He persuades Kelly into getting in on the plan by getting David in on it since they know he likes Kelly. Kelly gets in contact with David to bring him onto the plan, with Steve hiding his face from David but also giving him instructions. Since he would rather follow her than get married to Jandice, David agrees to help. She then guides him through some "training", which includes eating a tarantula since he may be living off the land after the plan goes off. The team has David go inside the bank's vault and load as many bills as he can into the back of a truck. He nearly gets caught by another guard, but that man just assumes that David got overtime. Two hours later, David is done, and he breaks three cameras and steals two security tapes, but he misses one tape and another camera. He tries to close the backdoor but ends up locking himself in the back. He tapes some stacks of money together to drive the van through a door and into a ditch as the others watch. They are then amazed by how much money David has nabbed. The money is counted and comes out to $17 million. David flees to Mexico to wait for Steve to send him money and to also lay low, with a bunch of money stuffed in his underpants already. However, Special Agent Scanlon (Leslie Jones) and her partner (Jon Daly) are already on the case, and Scanlon is pissed since the money stolen was federal agent money. They bring the security tape to Jandice and show her that David is guilty. After indulging in their share of the wealth, Steve thinks it's time to cut David loose since the FBI are after him, but Kelly thinks it would be wrong to screw David over now. Three Interpol agents arrive at the hotel where David is staying to look for him. They miss him as he tries to refill his ice bucket, but the concierge rats him out. David flees and manages to escape. He dons a disguise to evade capture and then calls Kelly to tell her what happened. He looks through his pocket and finds a wallet with Steve's name and face on it. When he drops Steve's name, Kelly and Steve become worried. Steve hires dim-witted hitman Mike McKinney (Jason Sudeikis) to kill David. He goes down to Mexico to buy a gun, but he buys a wooden display gun that even the seller says isn't worth anything. When Mike attempts to kill David in the streets, the gun backfires and blows up in his face. He then goes after David after instigating a chase (he likes it that way), which results in multiple car accidents. Scanlon goes around asking about David and how he can be found. Everyone tells her to go to Kelly. Scanlon and her partner talk to Kelly, who quietly breaks down when she realizes David is in trouble. Mike eventually gets David by knocking him unconscious. He gets ready to cut David up until he looks at his ID and sees that Steve used Mike's own name and information to give David a fake ID. Thinking David was born under the same circumstances as him, Mike gives up trying to kill David because he thinks they were brought together by fate, so they become buddies. David calls Steve and demands that he send him money within two days, or else he will turn himself into the authorities and name-drop Steve first. Kelly is at a clothing store when she is confronted by Jandice near the fitting rooms. She knows that Kelly was David's "mistress", and she attacks her. The two fight in front of everyone, with Kelly getting Jandice off by hitting her with a mannequin body. One of Steve's guys then follows Kelly. David calls back when he finds that Steve did not transfer money to his account. Steve then reveals that he has Kelly as a hostage, and he orders David to go to South America until he receives further instructions, or they will hurt Kelly. David is getting ready to leave from the airport, just as the same three Interpol agents are there looking for him. Mike is there too, because he is heading back to the States to kill Kelly under Steve's orders. When David finds out, he tells Mike who Kelly is, and Mike can't bring himself to kill David's woman. The agents show up and try to arrest David, but he and Mike beat them up. They trade plane tickets and say their farewells. Steve is holding a house party which David infiltrates to rescue Kelly. Scanlon gets one of Steve's neighbors (Ken Marino) to wear a wire to get a confession out of Steve. David breaks Kelly out of the shed where she is being held, and he steals Steve's BMW to make a getaway. Unfortunately, David's plan to burst out the gates backfires. Steve catches him and tries to beat him up, until David realizes he is near the police van with the detectives waiting for their confession. David tricks Steve into admitting that he was the mastermind of the whole plan, giving the detectives enough reason to arrest him. David and Kelly say goodbye just before they are hauled off to prison. Once David gets to prison, he is applauded by all the inmates for stealing the biggest amount of money in U.S. history. The story of the robbery becomes nationwide news, but it turns out that David stashed away $2 million in a barrel that he rolled into a lake. After serving seven years, Mike picks David up, and they head off to visit Kelly. The final text states that Steve Chambers served 11 years in prison, and he now owns a fitness center. David Ghantt served 11 years and he occasionally works as a film consultant. The Loomis Fargo robbery was one of the biggest heists of all time, and $2 million of the stolen money remains unaccounted for to this day. 
 Multiplicity (1996)Summaries A man who never has enough time for the things he wants to do is offered the opportunity to have himself duplicated. Construction worker Doug Kinney finds that the pressures of his working life, combined with his duties to his wife Laura and daughter Jennifer leaves him with little time for himself. However, he is approached by geneticist Dr. Owen Leeds who offers him a rather unusual solution to his problems - cloning. Jonathan Broxton <j.w.broxton@sheffield.ac.uk> A comedy about a man who clones himself to save his marriage, and then almost loses his wife-- to himself! Overworked and over-scheduled, contractor Doug Kinney never has enough time for his wife and family. So when a helpful geneticist offers to "xerox" Doug, it seems like the perfect solution-- until the clones begin to take over his home, his job, and his bed. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Everest (2015)541) The story of New Zealand's Robert "Rob" Edwin Hall, who on May 10, 1996, together with Scott Fischer, teamed up on a joint expedition to ascend Mount Everest. On the morning of May 10, 1996, climbers from two commercial expeditions start their final ascent toward the summit of Mount Everest, the highest point on Earth. With little warning, a violent storm strikes the mountain, engulfing the adventurers in one of the fiercest blizzards ever encountered by man. Challenged by the harshest conditions imaginable, the teams must endure blistering winds and freezing temperatures in an epic battle to survive against nearly impossible odds. Back in 1992, New Zealand's intrepid mountaineer, Robert "Rob" Edwin Hall, started guiding amateur climbers on Mount Everest. With his company named "Adventure Consultants", he successfully led 19 clients to the summit without a single fatality--and his 1996 Everest expedition, which consisted of eight clients and three guides--was the perfect example about the increasing demand for expeditions to the Everest. As a result, on 11 May 1996, Rob's team was joined by Scott Fischer's "Mountain Madness" company on a joint summit attempt, only to come face to face with the omnipotence of nature. In the end, when a furious blizzard struck, disaster was at hand. Nick Riganas By 1996 guided climbs of Mount Everest has become an industry. The pioneer of this is New Zealander Rob Hall and he now leads another climb up the mountain. His climbs have largely been incident-free but the summit is now quite congested, adding to the possibility of a life-threatening incident. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening text reads that Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay were the first two people to successfully climb Mount Everest. Since then, only hundreds of professionals have attempted to do the same, with one in four dying. Set in the year 1996, Rob Hall (Jason Clarke) gathered his team, Adventure Consultants, to go ahead and climb Everest themselves. Rob meets with his team, including experienced climber Beck Weathers (Josh Brolin), Doug Hansen (John Hawkes), Yasuko Namba (Naoko Mori), and co-guide Andy "Harold" Harris (Martin Henderson). Together, they plan to embark on what they hope will be a successful and adventurous expedition. Six weeks before the initial climb, Rob and his team are in New Zealand ready to depart from the airport. He's with the manager of the base camp, Helen Wilton (Emily Watson), and his friend/co-worker Guy Cotter (Sam Worthington). Rob informs his friends that he booked journalist Jon Krakauer (Michael Kelly) to do an article on them, which he was going to do for another expedition team, Mountain Madness. Rob later explains to his team the dangerous altitudes and temperatures of the Death Zone on Everest, which they hope to get past quick enough before things get really dodgy. Before boarding the plane, Rob says goodbye to his pregnant wife Jan (Keira Knightley). Rob promises to return home for the birth. Jan later sends him a message to let him know that they'll be having a girl. The expeditions make it to the bottom of the mountain before heading on up toward the base camp. There, Rob runs into Scott Fischer (Jake Gyllenhaal), the leader of Mountain Madness. He's a bit peeved at Rob for getting Jon to move to their expedition, but is still on fine terms. Later, Rob introduces the team to the camp's doctor Caroline McKenzie (Elizabeth Debicki). She and Rob remind the climbers of the lack of oxygen at the top of Everest, as well as the dangers of hypothermia and hypoxia. We see clips of climbers succumbing to the cold and dying. Beck calls his wife Peach (Robin Wright) from the base camp after he forgot to send her a message for their anniversary. She doesn't like him climbing mountains and has stated that she'd divorce him if he ever climbed another mountain. He didn't listen. Adventure Consultants and other expeditions move from Base Camp to Camp II. They walk across a fixed ladder acting as a bridge hanging over a crevasse. Huge ice chunks break off and slide down under the weight of all the climbers, causing the ladder to shake, making Beck nearly fall over. He hangs on for dear life and is guided by Rob the rest of the way over. Facing some concerns, Rob suggests to Scott that they join their expeditions together to get to the top safely, and to ascend at a later date. Scott is hesitant, saying that he and Rob have different styles, but he ultimately agrees to the union. The two meet with their teams later to state that they plan on having eight oxygen tanks at the top. Scott's guide, Anatoli Boukreev (Ingvar Eggert Sigurosson), says he won't use oxygen. Rob urges the rest of his team to use oxygen. The AC team gathers in a tent at night to discuss why they're climbing. Doug says that he wants to prove that an ordinary person can do the impossible. Yasuko wants to be the oldest woman to climb Everest. The teams encounter problems on their summit, such as several climbers beginning to fall ill (like Doug and Scott), Beck having trouble seeing due to a surgery he had a year before, and no fixed ropes over the south summit, forcing some climbers to turn back. Beck stays behind on the southeast ridge. Guy, who is scaling the mountain next to Everest, observes Rob and company from his POV and contacts them to make sure they're okay. Finally, some of the climbers start to make it to the very top and mark their spots on Everest. Anatoli is the first to touch the top, and Yasuko puts a Japanese flag on there. Rob contacts Helen back at base camp to inform her and the team that they made it to the top. She and the rest of the camp cheer the team on. Doug is still climbing, despite his health rapidly deteriorating and his oxygen levels dropping. Rob runs into him on the way down and he insists to Doug that it's over and that he gave it a good run, but Doug is not yet satisfied and decides he wants to keep climbing. Moved by his determination, Rob guides Doug to the top. A huge blizzard starts moving toward Everest, spelling trouble for the descending climbers. Rob and Doug get hit as the storm hits the mountain, forcing them to take cover. As they get lower, Rob notices there aren't any oxygen tanks where he requested, so he radios Helen to send some up. He and Doug keep walking as the winds intensify. Doug, barely conscious, unbuckles himself from Rob's guide rope. His dizziness, combined with the heavy wind, causes him to fall over the edge to his death. Beck's vision worsens, while Scott starts suffering from hypothermia, forcing them to stay behind from their respective groups. The other climbers go get help, leaving Beck behind with Yasuko. Andy goes up to Rob, wherein Rob tells Andy that Doug is gone. Rob and Andy wait on the side of the mountain until it's safe to keep going. Unfortunately, Andy begins to feel the hypoxia, making him believe he's overheating, and he removes his clothes, leading to his death. Helen, sitting in the tent with Caroline and Guy (who has come to join the camp), radios Rob and urges him to keep moving downward. He tells her that his hands and feet are frozen, and also that Doug and Andy are dead, bringing everyone in the tent to tears. Helen calls Jan and gets her to talk to Rob by putting the phone next to the walkie-talkie. Jan encourages her husband to get down safe, reminding him that he has to return for the birth of their baby. Rob is told by Helen that the people meant to bring him the oxygen tanks aren't coming because of the terrible conditions. He tries to keep moving on his own, but even he knows he can't make it in his condition. He falls over and calls Helen again. She calls Jan again so that she can speak to him one last time. He tells her he is comfortable, and asks how Sarah (the baby) is doing. Jan tearfully agrees to call her Sarah. Rob's last words to her are "Sleep well, my sweetheart. Please don't worry too much." Rob passes away under the snow and ice. Scott succumbs to the cold and lies in the snow to die. Yasuko has also died next to Beck's side. Helen calls Peach to tell her that Beck never returned to camp, which she must in turn tell her kids. Beck, however, despite being frostbitten, partially blind, and almost totally frozen, starts to get up and slowly head on back to camp. Jon spots him and radios Helen to let her know that Beck is alive. She in turn calls Peach to tell her the news. Together, they get a helicopter to fly up and bring Beck back. The helicopter is almost brought down by the winds and extra weight, but they succeed in bringing him down where he gets heated up. Helen and the other climbers return home. They are seen meeting Jan at the airport and tearfully hugging her. Beck also returns home and hugs Peach. The last shot is of Rob's body, frozen and almost completely covered in snow. The final text states that Rob's body is still up on Everest alongside the others that perished. We see photos of the real Rob Hall, Doug Hansen, Andy Harris, Yasuko Namba, and Scott Fischer. Beck Weathers lost his nose and both hands due to frostbite. Jan Arnold gave birth to a girl, whom she named Sarah. We then see a brief video clip of the real Sarah Arnold-Hall. 