nm0002740:

 The Outer Limits (19952002)Summaries A modern revival of the classic science fiction horror anthology show The Outer Limits (1963) . Episodes often have twist-endings and involve aliens. Sometimes, a story from one episode continues in a later episode. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Urban Rush (20012013)Summaries Urban Rush (The Rush) was an hour-long talk show focused on the Vancouver entertainment industry. Forbes and co-hosts had over 30,000 interviews with guests involved in movies, music, TV, literature, theatre and culture. Produced by Shaw TV, it aired for 18 years. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Water Game (2002)Summaries A bittersweet teen drama - doubling as an outrageous action-comedy - about a group of graduating Vancouver high school students facing their fears, their futures and each other while playing a no-holds-barred, spy-vs.-spy style water gun game. John Bolton It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Poltergeist: The Legacy (19961999)Summaries A group of poltergeist experts locate, retrieve, confiscate, or otherwise do what it takes to fix haunting situations. "The Legacy" is a secret society that began many centuries ago to accumulate knowledge and artifacts to help fight against the evil in the world. This particular Legacy team is set in San Francisco in a castle-like house on Angel Island. Dr. Derek Rayne heads up the team comprised of psychiatrist, Rachel Corrigan; priest, Philip C.; ex-Navy SEAL, Nick Boyle; and researcher/psychic Alex Moreau. Clarianna Demonbreun <demonbreun@juno.com> "The Legacy" is a secret society that "has been here forever" to a group of people that fought the Darkness and evil that would just as soon take over our realm. To the world they are curators and seekers of ancient artifacts. The name of their organization is the Luna Foundation. Each team is a part of a House - Houses located all around the world and making a network of guardians against evil. The series pertains mainly with the San Fransisco House, led by their Precept (boss, head of the House) Dr. Derek Rayne, their House/home located on a small island isolated from the rest of San Francisco called Angel Island. The original team included ex-Navy SEAL, Nick Boyle, researcher/psychic Alex Moreau, security/researcher Julia Walker and Father Philip Callahan. Julia Walker (although brought back by a number of fanfics, lost her life during the pilot. After the pilot episode the team gained a psychiatrist Rachel Corrigan and her daughter who will most likely become a member when she gets older Kat Corrigan. Philip Callahan places himself back into the church and comes in from time to time to help with cases. <julia_walker@softhome.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 