nm0011131:

 Ina & Leo (2004 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hausmeister Krause - Ordnung muss sein (19992010)Summaries The everyday life of a caretaker's family. Die Krauses sind auf den ersten Blick eine ganz normale Familie. Vater Dieter ist Hausmeister und stndig damit beschftigt, sich bei seinem Vorgesetzten fr seine Missgeschicke zu entschuldigen. Seine Frau Liesbeth ist eine besorgte Frau, wenn es darum geht das ihr Gttergatte wieder mal alles ins Chaos strzt. Dann wren da auch noch die Kinder Tommie, der ein Proll ohne gleichen ist und seine Schwester Carmen, die immer wieder versucht nicht mit ihren Reizen zu geizen. Jede Folge ist vollgestopft mit lustigen Zoten und Lachern, die es manchmal aber auch bertreiben. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Die Wache (19942006)Summaries In the guard in Cologne police work from the normal patrolman to the criminal police. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Romeo (2001 TV Movie)1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Great and important movie about the German-German Cold War history. Or did you know that East-German spies never were prosecuted in the re-united Germany (they never broke laws of their country, the German Democratic Republic) while those Federal Republic of Germany residents who were instrumentalized to work for them were sentenced to partly severe punishments (treason)? Romeo describes the subtle mechanisms that Ministerium fr Staatssicherheit (=East German Secret Service) handsome men (Romeos) applied to make West German woman work for them in ministries or other key public or industry positions, passing on confidential information. Martina Gedeck plays an awesome part as woman and mother who simply wants to have a good live ending up between all frontlines. Even her wedding to her Romeo was a fake Stasi Make-Believe. Great drama, great acting and a Must-see for all those interested in German-German history. 