nm0005535:

 Kangaroo Jack (2003)44) Two childhood friends, a New York hairstylist and a would-be musician, get caught up with the mob and are forced to deliver $50,000 to Australia, but things go haywire when the money is lost to a wild kangaroo. Louis Booker and Charlie Carbone are close friends with an association with the mob. After the duo botch a delivery of stolen TVs, the duo are given a second chance by mob leader Sal Maggio, who happens to be Charlie's stepfather. The duo are to deliver $50,000 to a contact in Australia. As simple as the job sounds, complications emerge when a kangaroo steals the money. Now Charlie and Louis must find the kangaroo and get the money back before they find themselves in a worse predicament. Sam A comedy that follows the misadventures of two friends from Brooklyn who are forced to deliver mob money to Australia. While taking pictures of a kangaroo, one of them places his red jacket on it. When the wild kangaroo bounces off, they realize the mob money is in the jacket and are forced to give chase through the Outback. Sujit R. Varma This is the story of two best friends Charlie Carbone, a hair stylist in New York and Louis Booker, a down-on-the-luck musician, who both are involved with the local mob family led by Salvatore 'Sal' Maggio. After their first job attempt at delivering stolen televisions to a local warehouse was backfired by brining the heat (the NYPD), Sal, completely upset, gives Charlie and Louis one more chance at redemption. His younger employee, Frankie Lombardo, gives the guys the most important assignment: to fly to Australia and deliver the mob's $50,000 to a Mr. Smith in the exact time. And so begins a cross-content trek of mishaps including: ramming a kangaroo down on the road, flying in a bush airplane and tranquilizing the pilot, walking in the burning desert, and eventually teaming up with a wildlife expert named Jessie to chase down the kangaroo who has the the $50,000 mob money. Can Charlie, Louis, and Jessie survive the heat, get the money, and save the day without getting killed by the mob? Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Driven (2001)Summaries A young hot shot driver is in the middle of a championship season and is coming apart at the seams. A former CART champion is called in to give him guidance. Talented rookie race-car driver Jimmy Bly has started losing his focus and begins to slip in the race rankings. It's no wonder, with the immense pressure being shoveled on him by his overly ambitious promoter brother as well as Bly's romance with his arch rival's girlfriend Sophia. With much riding on Bly, car owner Carl Henry brings former racing star Joe Tanto on board to help Bly. To drive Bly back to the top of the rankings, Tanto must first deal with the emotional scars left over from a tragic racing accident which nearly took his life. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> Young British talent Jimmy Bly breaks German Beau Brandenburg's car race hegemony, until his concentration suffers after a selfish girl-friend toys with their feelings. Drop-out Joe Tanto accepts as a favor to cynical stable boss Carl Henry to return on the team as coach for and rival-to-be-beaten within the team. Joe does well as wise dad and brotherly confidant, even restores a rapport with Beau, his former race rival. But the racing circuit also proves dangerous in terms of accidents, and experience with those complicates matters. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Planet of the Apes (2001)431) In 2029, an Air Force astronaut crash-lands on a mysterious planet where evolved, talking apes dominate a race of primitive humans. It is the year 2029: Astronaut Leo Davidson boards a pod cruiser on a Space Station on a rescue and recovery mission. But an abrupt detour through a space time wormhole lands him on a strange planet where talking apes rule over the human race. With the help of a sympathetic chimpanzee activist named Ari and a small band of human rebels, Leo leads the effort to evade the advancing Gorilla Army led by General Thade and his most trusted warrior Attar. Now the race is on to reach a sacred temple within the planet's Forbidden Zone to discover the shocking secrets of mankind's past - and the key to its future. Tim1370 An astronaut trying to rescue a chimpanzee astronaut in space ends up landing on a planet inhabited by talking human-like apes. Leo Davidson finds himself captured by the apes and placed in a cage with other humans. All the apes take this same 'human hating' attitude, with the exception of one. A kind, female ape called Ari sees something different in these humans, and plans to help them in whatever they need to do. FilmFanUK Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2029, aboard the United States Air Force space station Oberon, Leo Davidson ( Mark Wahlberg ) works closely with primates who are trained for space missions. His favorite simian co-worker is a chimpanzee named Pericles. With a deadly electromagnetic storm approaching the station, a small space pod piloted by Pericles is used to probe the storm. Pericles' pod enters the storm and disappears. Against his commanding officer's orders, Leo takes a second pod and searches the storm for Pericles. Entering the storm, Leo loses contact with the Oberon and crashes on a planet called Ashlar in the year 5021. He discovers that the world is ruled by humanoid apes who can speak human language and capture members of the primitive human beings as slaves. Leo meets Ari ( Helena Bonham Carter ), a female chimpanzee named who protests against the awful treatment humans receive. Ari buys Leo and a female slave named Daena ( Estella Warren ) to work as servants in her father's house, Senator Sandar ( David Warner ). Leo escapes his cage and frees other humans. Ari sees them, but Leo manages to convince Ari to join a human rebellion against the apes. General Thade ( Tim Roth ) and Colonel Attar ( Michael Clarke Duncan ) send ape warriors to pursue the humans. Leo discovers Calima (the temple of "Semos"), a forbidden, but holy, site for the apes. Calima, it turns out, is a corruption of a partially obscured sign which reads "Caution, Live Animals" within the wreck of the Oberon, Leo's former space station. It has apparently crashed on the planet's surface and appears to have been wrecked for a long time. The ship is powered by inexhaustible fuel cells and Leo is able to access computer logs. The logs show that the space station crashed thousands of years ago while searching for him. Leo deduces that when he entered the vortex he was pushed forward in time, while the Oberon, searching for him, was not, crashing on the planet long before he did. The Oberon's log reveals that the apes on board, led by Semos, organized a mutiny and took control of the vessel after it crashed. The human and ape survivors of the struggle left the ship and their descendants are the people Leo has encountered since landing. The apes arrive and attack the humans who have gathered to see Leo. A familiar vehicle descends from the sky and is identified immediately by Leo. The pod is piloted by Pericles, the chimp astronaut. Pericles was pushed forward in time as Leo was, and had just now found his way to the planet. When Pericles lands and the pod opens, the apes interpret his arrival as the return of Semos, the first ape, who is their god. They bow, and hostilities between humans and apes suddenly cease. Pericles runs into the wreck of the Oberon and Leo runs after him, followed by General Thade. Thade and Leo fight. Pericles tries to help Leo, but Thade throws him hard against a wall. Thade takes Leo's gun from him and tries to fire the weapon at Leo. Leo sees that Thade is within the pilot's deck and closes the automatic door, trapping Thade inside. Thade fires the weapon repeatedly at the door but the ricochets create sparks that cause Thade to huddle afraid under a control panel. Leo decides to escape the Planet of the Apes and return to earth. He gives Pericles to Ari, who promises to look after him. He says goodbye and kisses Daena. Leo climbs aboard Pericles's undamaged pod and travels back in time through the same electromagnetic storm. Leo crashes in Washington, D.C. on Earth in his own time. He looks up to see the Lincoln Memorial is now a monument in honor of General Thade. A swarm of police officers, firefighters, and news reporters descend on Leo, but on closer inspection, it appears that they are all apes. 
 Beauty and the Beast (2010)Summaries A dark twist on the morality tale of forbidden love between beautiful Belle and the feared forest Beast. As villagers are being brutally murdered and the Beast is hunted down as the one responsible for the mayhem, Belle and Beast team up to defeat the real killer the power-hungry witch's malevolent troll. American World Pictures It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 