nm0007107:

 I Did Not Kill Gandhi (2005)Summaries Widowed Uttam Chaudhary lives a comfortable lifestyle with his college-going son, Karan, a daughter, Trisha, who is in love with a South-Indian youth named Ashish Reddy, and an elder son who is married and works in the United States, through whose income the Chaudharys live on. Uttam is a Lecturer, but when he starts getting old, becoming forgetful, he is asked to retire. He is very close to Trisha, who looks after him. The first major episode Trisha's experiences in her father when he announces that he is getting ready to go to work and asks for his wife to bring him breakfast. Thereafter, things get worse, especially when Ashish's parents come to meet the Chaudharys. It is here that Uttam babbles on inexplicably about being responsible for killing Mohandas K. Gandhi. Trisha must now find out if her dad was in any way responsible for Gandhi's death, and what exactly triggered his long-suppressed memory in her dad's mind, and at the same time must come to terms that his disability may have repercussions on her love-life also. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rangeela (1995)44) A middle class young woman, who dreams of Bollywood fame, is caught in a love triangle between her childhood friend and a famous actor. Mili is a middle class Indian, and like many would like to be rich and famous one day. She wants to be an Indian actress. She is friendly with another poor man named Munna, who she knows from her childhood. One day while she is singing and dancing on the beach, she is approached by a rich and famous movie actor, Raj, who wants her to act in his next movie. Raj has actually fallen in love with Mili and wants to get married to her. Mili finds her dreams coming true when she gets very famous. Will Mili marry Raj and live a life full of wealth and fame forever? Sumitra (corrected by Sonia) This love triangle narrates the stories of three individuals: Mili hails from a middle-class family but dreams of making it big as an actress. Munna is a small time black marketeer and Mili's neighbourhood friend. Raj Kamal is a famous movie star who has become introverted after a personal tragedy. When Raj Kamal spots Mili on a beach he asks her to take a screen test for the female lead in his next movie. Mili passes the test and is signed for the role. This leaves Munna sad as he realizes he loves Mili. Soumitra Mili Joshi (Urmilla Matondkar) comes from a middle class family, but has dreams of making it big on the silver screen. Encouraged by her childhood buddy, Munna (Aamir Khan), she works on this big dream, and gets a break when movie star Kamal (Jackie Shroff) watches her perform. He decides to be her mentor, and recommends her to Movie Director, Steven Kapoor (Gulshan Grover) for the lead role in the movie titled "Rangeela". In the process, Kamal and Mili get really close, and Kamal plans to ask her to marry him. Munna is left in the cold, away from the colorful and glamorous world of movies and actors, and how can he possibly compete with an established movie star as Kamal. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bhoot (2003)44) When a married couple moves into a flat that is haunted by a spirit, a series of inexplicable experiences drive the wife to near madness. Now, the husband must protect his wife to save their marriage. Vishal (Ajay Devgan), a stock analyst, and his wife Swati (Urmila Matondkar). The two are in search for a flat in Mumbai. Vishal finds the perfect place on the 12th floor of a high-rise apartment building. However, the apartment has a horrifying past. The previous occupant of the flat, a young woman had killed her child and jumped from the balcony and died. Swati learns about this incident shortly after moving in and becomes oddly fixated with the story. Then, a series of inexplicable experiences drive Swati to near madness. Vishal becomes helpless and convinced his wife has developed some sort of psychological disorder. He consults a psychiatrist, Dr. Rajan (Victor Banerjee). The couple's maid (Seema Biswas) believes Swati to be possessed, and calls in an exorcist (Rekha). Meanwhile, other seemingly unrelated events take place around the building. The watchman (Sabeer Masani) is being terrorized, one of the residents Sanjay (Fardeen Khan) is behaving erratically, and a murder occurs. Inspector Liaqat Quereshi (Nana Patekar) is sent to investigate the murder at the building. All the while, neither the psychiatrist nor the exorcist makes much progress with Swati. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Vishal a stock analyst and his wife Swati a homemaker move into a new apartment.Vishal hides from Swati that the previous tenant a widower Manjeet had committed suicide and also killed her son as she would hesitate in shifting to the apartment but Swati finds it accidentally from Mr Thakkar care taker of the flat.Swati suddenly starts behaving strangely and takes help of Dr Rajan considering it a psychological disorder.But things got to worst when she kills building watchman.Vishal is broken as no treatment is working for Swati.His housemaid then tells Vishal that Swati has been possessed by someone and he should consult a exorcist. alex.mjacko@gmail.com Vishal and Swati meet, fall in love, and get married and buy an apartment in a good locality in Mumbai. After settling there, Swati finds out that the previous owner had been killed by committing suicide. Shortly thereafter she starts to visualize the suicide and hallucinates. When Vishal is told, he just shrugs this off, and even informs her that he knew about the death of the previous owner. Then someone kills the building watchman, and this matter is assigned to Police Inspector Qureshi, who begins his investigations, and concludes that this young couple have something to hide, and adds them as his prime suspects. Their claims that the watchman's death was due to an unearthly being only adds to his suspicion, and he starts his plans to arrest them. Sonia It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Satya (1998)541) An innocent man is embroiled in underworld after being falsely charged and sets out to punish the perpetrators who subjected his life to misery. A young man named Satya (J.D Chakravarthy) comes to Mumbai from South India in search of a job. Jailed for something he did not do, the once-honest young man meets an underworld boss, Bhiku Mhatre (Manoj Bajpai) in jail and joins his gang. He lives in a poor neighborhood, where he meets, Vidya (Urmila Matondkar), who lives next door. She is not aware of his underworld connections. Satya slowly rises up the ranks of his gang, and becomes the most influential person. Satya is torn between his girlfriend and his gangster life. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com This movie follows the life of a simple young man who cannot get anywhere without hooking up with some bad elements in Bombay. It is a sad commentary on how decent people become corrupt. The movie is a departure from the standard Bollywood offering and the songs are all in-context. Neel V Kumar <neel@terway.com> Vidya is an unemployed singer who comes from a very poor family, living with her mom and disabled dad. During a rainy night, there is a power outage, and she seeks the assistance of a neigbor, Satya, who helps her out. Satya and Vidya become friendly. Things begin to change rapidly for Vidya, as she gets hired by a prominent music director, and developes her relationship with Satya, who she plans to marry soon. Satya tells her that he will be relocating for employment to Dubai, U.A.E., and will receive a hefty salary, which will assist them get settled after marriage. Her delight with this news turns to horror when the police enter her house to question her about Satya, who according to them, is a hitman in a criminal gang, and who is wanted for 17 homicides, including that of the Commissioner Amod Shukla. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Satya, an orphan comes to Mumbai and works in a bar and one day he is humiliated by a local don Jagga.When Jagga's men ask hafta, Satya retaliates and finally he is beaten up by them and handed over to police. Bhiku Matre, a gangster working for a politician Bhau, kills a film producer and after the confession of one of his hit men, Bhiku is arrested and taken to the jail. In jail, Satya and Bhiku fight on a trivial issue and later become good friends.With the help of Bhiku, Satya joins his gang. Later Bhiku is also released on bail and with his help, Satya avenges his humiliation by killing Jagga and starts operating for the gang and soon becomes one of the main players of the gang. He meanwhile becomes acquainted to his neighbouring girl Vidya, who is a struggling singer, and slowly their association grows.He even threatens a music director to give her a chance in his films without her knowledge, since she doesn't know about his true identity.. When Guru Narayan, an arch rival of Bhiku gang, lands in Mumbai, Satya and Bhiku hatch a plan to kill him but on the insistence of their warlord Bhau, they avert it at the last moment, but soon they kill Guru without the approval of their head Bhau. This killing incident on the streets of the Mumbai city prompts minister to bring in a new commissioner after getting disappointed with the "laid back attitude" of the current commissioner. When the new commissioner Amol shukla takes charge, Bhau comes to Bhike for his own benefit and finally they both patch up. Then the minister gives Amol full powers to clean up the city after the latter expressing his dissatisfaction about the system and its functioning. In the process of cleaning up the city, many gangsters are gunned down by the police in encounters and in one of those incidents, Satya's close aide Chandar dies and that compels them to kill Amol and they do so eventually. Then after winning the elections, Bhau, being a selfish person, kills Bhiku as he is unhappy about the him and Satya for operating against his wishes and then gives a tip off to the police on Satya. After coming to know of his close friend Bhiku's death, Satya goes on and kills Bhau but before planning to leave the city of Mumbai for good, he wants to meet his girlfriend Vidya to straighten things with her as he know of her coming to know the truth about his profession. At Vidya's house, policemen come and surround the locality and fire bullets at Satya while he is pleading Vidya to open the door to talk to her for one last time.Finally in the shoot out incident, Satya is gunned down and finally he dies in front of her after breaking into her place for which she looks at him completely shocked. As the voice over is being heard, one of the Bhiku's gang members reads about that shooting incident in the paper and shoots it with disappointment. 