nm0004879:

 Starsky & Hutch (2004)431) Two streetwise cops bust criminals in their red and white Ford Gran Torino, with the help of a police snitch called "Huggy Bear". Set in the 1970s in a metropolis called "Bay City," this is the tale of two police detective partners, Ken "Hutch" Hutchinson, and Dave Starsky, who always seem to get the toughest cases from their boss, Captain Dobey, rely on omniscient street informer Huggy Bear and race to the scene of the crimes in their souped-up 1974 Ford Torino hot rod, telling the story of their first big case (as a prequel to the TV show), which involved a former college campus drug dealer who went on to become a white collar criminal. Austin4577@aol.com It's 1975, we witness the birth of the partnership of undercover cops Starsky and Hutch. One is uptight and by-the-book, the butt of hazing by other officers; he runs through a dozen partners in two years. The other steals from bookies and hangs out with low-lifes. Bad-guy Reese Feldman is importing an odorless, tasteless cocaine that fools drug-sniffing dogs. One of his murder victims washes up on shore about the time Hutch's informants tell him a big cocaine deal is going down. But, our fearless duo moves too quickly, and they are suspended from the force; the partnership founders amid bad feeling. Can they patch it up, don disguises, and ferret out where the murderer hid the coke? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie is a remake of the 1970s TV series with detective partners Dave Starsky (Ben Stiller) and Ken 'Hutch' Hutchinson (Owen Wilson) working undercover in Bay City, California. Their savvy and well dressed street informant, Huggy Bear (Snoop Dogg) gives Starsky & Hutch information about a big drug deal that is about to go down. Reese Feldman (Vince Vaughn) is the drug dealer who is about to make millions in the biggest drug deal of his life. Reese is not going to let two cops take him down without a fight. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Baby Boy (2001)44) In South Central L.A., a misguided 20-year-old African-American man, a "baby boy", faces the commitments of real life. This is the story of Jody, an unemployed young black man, who's been living with his mother for several years, even though he's got a child of his own. Romantically, he's having relationships with two women: Yvette, the mother of his son, and a new interest. Anonymous BABY BOY is the powerful urban drama directed by John Singleton (Shaft and Boyz N the Hood) starring rap music superstars TYRESE GIBSON and SNOOP DOGG (Half Baked, I Got the Hook Up). With knockout performances from VING RHAMES (Mission: Impossible II, Pulp Fiction, Con Air) and A.J. Johnson (Friday House Party, The Players Club), BABY BOY is a tough, honest and unflinching look at modern urban life. Jody (Gibson) is a 20-year-old African American in South Central L.A. who is trying to live large but doesn't have a job. He's got two babies by two different women and still lives at home with his mother (Johnson). Growing up is tough on Jody, but a series of events involving his mother's new boyfriend Melvin (Rhames), his girlfriend Yvette (Taraji P. Henson) and her ex-con ex-boyfriend Rodney (Snoop Dogg), force him to learn lessons about living, loving and surviving as a man in the hood. This movie revolves around Jody, a young, unemployed, selfish, immature black man who won't leave the nest of his mama's home, even though he has a son and a daughter by two different women. Jody is a mama's boy and when his mom's new ex-con boyfriend moves in the house, Jody becomes very defensive and is continually challenging him. His Mom's previous boyfriend who moved in kicked his older brother out, who subsequently ended up dead on the streets and Jody doesn't want that to happen to him. Jody is a good man and is continually fighting these battles inside himself to do whats right by him and his family but just can't seem to get over the hump. That is until one night, tensions finally boil over between he and Rhames. Rhames has been telling Jody there is nothing Jody has done that he hasn't and more. Rhames tries explaining the way of life to Jody, but he won't have it and Jody takes a swing at Rhames, who in turn lays him out. Jody leaves the house and circumstances lead him to eventually having to kill a man, however when the opportunity arrives he can't do it and only shoots him in the legs. He returns home where Rhames helps him out and a bond is formed between them and after a talk with Rhames realizes he has a good life ahead of him with a great family and he needs to grow up. <drpurvis01@ev1.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Training Day (2001)651) A rookie cop spends his first day as a Los Angeles narcotics officer with a rogue detective who isn't what he appears to be. In Los Angeles, a city where streets are overrun by drug dealers, those who have sworn to uphold the law are breaking them to clean up the streets. Denzel Washington plays L.A.P.D. detective Alonzo Harris, a veteran narcotics officer whose methods of enforcing the law are questionable, if not corrupt. 'Training Day' follows Harris as he trains rookie Jake Hoyt over a 24-hour period. Ethical dilemmas arise for Hoyt as well as the audience as questions present themselves as to whether or not Harris' methodology for ridding the streets of South Central Los Angeles of drugs is right or wrong. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> A former Los Angeles security guard named Jake Hoyt has applied for a LAPD position as a Narcotics officer. However, in order to be accepted, he must go through approximately 24 hours of training from a veteran Narcotics officer. Unfortunately for Jake, he is appointed to Alonzo Harris, an officer who has a nasty reputation for not treating victims very well, abusing suspects, handling drugs and other evidence in a questionable matter, and opening fire randomly. So, Jake must watch his own back with Alonzo on this "Training Day". John Wiggins Today is Jake Hoyt's (Ethan Hawke) first day on the force. And the rookie cop's partner, the one who will be teaching him the tricks of the trade, is Alonzo Harris (Denzel Washington). Harris is one of the best detectives out there, but he's also one of the most unorthodox. While at first Jake thinks he has good intentions behind his questionable ethics, one particularly hasty "assignment" puts him in a unwanted position with Harris. In just one day, Jake realizes that Alonzo may not be the man he thought he was, and the two are eventually pitted in a showdown where only one man can make it out alive. Macroplanet Jake Hoyt wants to become a LAPD narc agent, stop narcs from selling drugs on the streets. But that might be hard as he works with LAPD narc agent Alonzo Harris for the next 24 hours. Alonzo is an LAPD veteran who has been working the narcs for over a decade, but his ways and techniques of becoming a narc agent are questionable, if not corrupt. As the 24 hours go by, Jake observes Alonzo's methods, and in the madness, Jake tries to solve all the twists and turns, trying to figure out who really is the enemy here. Training Day. Its a day of reckoning. Charles Lee <Chucklee2k1@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins as we see Jake Hoyt (Ethan Hawke) waking up on the 1st day of his new assignment as an undercover narcotics officer in the grittiest part of LA. The head of his unit is Alonzo Harris (Denzel Washington) who has 4 other men working for him. Today, Jake will be riding along with Alonzo so he can show him the streets, and see how young Jake performs under pressure. Jake meets Alonzo at a small coffee shop where Jake finds out quickly that Alonzo is a tough-talking, no-nonsense maverick narcotics officer. For the next few hours we are taken from the ghetto to the barrio, from drug dealers to rapists. We learn a lot about Alonzo's as he seems to know every bad person out there. He even lives with a girl in the ghetto with their son. In that particular neighborhood, behind his back, everyone hates Alonzo's abuse of authority. Alonzo also promises Jake that he can accelerate his promotion within the department. While driving past an alleyway, Jake sees a young girl about to be raped and yells at Alonzo to stop the car. He doesn't want to stop because that's not what he's there for. Jake jumps out of the car and rescues the girl but not before getting into a huge fight with the two men. Jake kicks theirs asses and as he consoles the girl, Alonzo shows up and tortures the two men briefly before sending them on their way. The girl hurriedly leaves and Jake finds her wallet on the ground and absently pockets it. Alonzo takes Jake to the house of an old friend of his, Roger, (Scott Glenn) who is a retired LAPD veteran but is now dealing drugs on the side. They share a drink together and a few laughs. Roger asks Alonzo about an incident that happened when Alonzo was recently on vacation in Las Vegas but Alonzo brushes it off, saying it's not a problem. Everywhere they go, Alonzo gets away with more money, or drugs by shaking down or just scaring the hell out of the bad guys. At one point Alonzo forces Jake to smoke PCP-laced marijuana, holding a pistol to his head and telling him that if Jake had been with a drug-dealer and refused, he'd be shot. It's obvious that Jake doesn't agree with what's going on but Alonzo explains to him that to protect the sheep, you need to kill the wolves and the only way to do that is to become a wolf. Jake smokes the weed and spends a few miles in a PCP-induced stupor. They go to a lunch meeting with some big-time LA judges but about all we can make out is that they aren't exactly the most law-abiding officials. They also ask Jake about Las Vegas and Alonzo reacts much the same way he did with Roger; he seems unconcerned. He asks the judges for a search warrant, which they grant him. Alonzo and Jake meet up with the other four members of the unit and, armed with the warrant, they storm into a small house. The house turns out to be Roger's, who has $4 million stashed away in the floorboards. Alonzo and his guys plan to divide up three million of the stash among themselves. Jake is very unsure of how the deal will go down. Back in Roger's living room, while they discuss their plan, Alonzo tells Jake to shoot Roger. Jake refuses and Alonzo does the deed himself, saying "it's not what you know, but what you can prove." The plan is to use one of Roger's guns to shoot Jeff (Peter Greene) in his Kevlar vest to make the act look like self-defense. When Jeff is shot, one of the bullets penetrates his vest and he angrily begs Alonzo to call for an ambulance. Jake suddenly grabs the shotgun and holds Alonzo and his crew off, telling them he won't play along. Alonzo gets Jake to back down when he tells him that a blood or urine test will show that Jake had used drugs. Jake backs down, back up and the paramedics arrive and the crime seems to go unquestioned. Back at Alonzo's car, Jake tells him that what just occurred was murder. Alonzo counters, saying that Roger dealt drugs to kids in his neighborhood and that since the money was dirty, it was theirs to keep. Alonzo seems to concede on one point; that Jake is still a rookie and needs time to accept Alonzo's dirty dealings. They head out to the barrio where Alonzo tells him he needs to give some goods to the family of one of his informants. There is a card game going on in the kitchen and Jake waits there while Alonzo goes into the bathroom. The owner of the house, Smiley (Cliff Curtis) opens the package that Alonzo left and has his sister count out the money that was inside. Jake sits down to play cards with Smiley and his guys and a brief discussion about Jake's sidearm takes place, an ploy for Smiley's buddy, Moreno (Noel Gugliemi) to get Jake's weapon away from him. Smiley then reveals that Alonzo left him behind and explains what happened in Las Vegas: allegedly a Russian gangster had been mouthing off to Alonzo until Alonzo lost his temper and beat the man to death. The gangster's bosses gave Alonzo an out: play them $1 million and they'd forget the incident. If Alonzo can't pay by midnight, he'll be hunted down and killed. Knowing that he's been set up by Alonzo, Jake desperately tries to fight his way out but Smiley and his guys take him down. They drag him into the bathroom and just as they're about to shoot him in the head, one of them decides to take his wallet first. Out of his pocket comes the pink wallet he recovered from the rape scene earlier that day. Smiley furiously asks Jake how he got the wallet; Jake tells him that he'd stopped his cousin Letty from being assaulted and raped earlier. Smiley calls Letty and she confirms Jake's story. Smiley decides to let Jake go as a solid for rescuing his cousin. Jake hops a bus and heads out to the worst part of South Central area where Alonzo is living and confronts him just as he is packing up his million to give to the Russians. For the next 10 minutes or so there is a shootout in the house, on the roof and in the streets of the neighborhood. Finally, Jake forces Alonzo to crash his car, temporarily knocking Alonzo out. Jake drags him from the car and holds him at gunpoint. When he recovers, he and Jake face each other in the street with all the gang members surrounding them. Alonzo offers to make whomever shoots Jake a "very rich man" but the gang members, tired of Alonzo's ego and control of them, refuse. Jake walks off with the money, leaving a shouting Alonzo to whatever fate awaits him. Alonzo gets into his car and drives towards the airport. His car is forced to a stop by a several vans and out jump the armed Russians who kill him in a hail of gunfire. When Jake arrives home we hear newscasts describing the killing of a highly-decorated narcotics officer who was gunned down while investigating drug trafficking at the airport. 
 Turbo (2013)77) A freak accident might just help an everyday garden snail achieve his biggest dream: winning the Indy 500. After a freak accident infuses him with the power of super-speed, Turbo kicks into overdrive and embarks on an extraordinary journey to achieve the seemingly impossible: competing in the world's fastest race, the Indianapolis 500. With the help of his tricked-out streetwise snail crew, this ultimate underdog puts his heart and shell on the line to prove that no dream is too big, and no dreamer too small. DreamWorks Animation A snail named Theo is unhappy that he's slow. When he watches car races on TV, he wishes he could as fast as them and renames himself Turbo. One day through a series of mishaps, he ends up on a car that's in the middle of a street race. He gets sucked into the engine and when the driver hits the nitrous oxide which makes the car go faster, he gets doused with it. He gets out and discovers he can move fast. Eventually he and another snail, Chet get picked up by a guy who and some other people race snails. When they see how fast he is, they decide to enter him in the Indy 500 which is what Turbo wants. rcs0411@yahoo.com Theo (Reynolds), a small garden snail, is probably the only snail in the garden who is obsessed with speed and racing. Everybody is against it even his older brother, Chet (giamatti). When he accidentally wrecks the garden, he runs off but lands himself in an accident that upgrades him. When he suddenly develops super-speed, he teams up with fake racing snail, whiplash (Jackson) and a team to compete in a challenge he loves-the Indy 500 In Los Angeles, the garden snail Theo dreams on being the fastest racer in car races and worships his idol, the champion Guy Gagn, who has won the Indianapolis 500 several times. His brother Chet protects him most of the time from daring situations caused by Theo. When Chet rescues Theo from a failed attempt of recovering a prize tomato, Theo leaves the garden feeling humiliated. Soon he is accidentally sucked by the supercharger of a racing car and he drowns in the nitrous oxide injected to speed up the car. On the next morning, Theo finds that he has achieved speed power. When a crow picks Chet from the garden, Theo pursues them and rescues his brother. However they are captured the taco truck driver Tito and brought to a snail race. When Tito sees the performance of Theo, a.k.a. Turbo, in a race with the other snails, he decides to enter Turbo in Indianapolis, despite the disagreement of his brother Angelo. But his neighbors share the entrance expenses and they head to Indianapolis. Who will win the Indy 500? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil More than anything in the world, Theo--a sluggish, unimportant, and utterly typical backyard mollusc--yearns for power and great speed; highly desirable attributes for competing in the renowned and demanding Indianapolis 500-Mile Race. But, as fate would have it, a delightfully strange case of divine intervention shall rewrite Theo's genetic code, turning him into a fast and furious racing machine of unfathomable velocity. Will the new and improved Theo prove the world wrong, and show his sensible brother that even the tiniest and most insignificant of gastropods can make his dreams come true? Nick Riganas Turbo (voice of Ryan Reynolds) may live life at a snail's pace, but his dreams charge along at light speed. Whenever Turbo closes his eyes, he sees himself zooming past the checkered flag at the Indianapolis 500, and leaving all of his competitors in the dust. Unfortunately for Turbo, all of his fellow snails -- including his brother Chet (Paul Giamatti) -- seem to savor the slow life. Then, one day, it happens: Turbo is methodically making his way across a freeway overpass when he is suddenly sucked into the intake valve of a speeding muscle car. His molecular structure altered by the volatile nitro us oxide that fuels the car, Turbo gains the ability to travel at speeds up to 200 miles per hour. Turbo is in the midst of mastering his newfound ability when he and Chet are unexpectedly captured by Tito (Michael Pea) -- a California taco-stand proprietor who organizes snail races on the side. Tito quickly takes his two newest racers to Starlight Plaza, where all of the speed-freak snails await their next run on the track. It's there that Turbo makes some colorful new friends, and learns to have some fun while trash-talking the competition. But his adventure is still far from over, and by the time Turbo realizes that his dreams are finally within reach, his newfound family will be right there to cheer him past the finish line.. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 