nm0005151:

 Jerry Maguire (1996)431) When a sports agent has a moral epiphany and is fired for expressing it, he decides to put his new philosophy to the test as an independent agent with the only athlete who stays with him and his former colleague. Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) is a successful sports agent. The biggest clients, the respect, a beautiful fiance, he has it all. Until one night he questions his purpose. His place in the world, and finally comes to terms with what's wrong with his career and life. Recording all of his thoughts in a mission statement, Jerry feels he has a new lease on life. Unfortunately his opinions aren't met with enthusiasm from his superiors and after dishonorably being stripped of his high earning clients and elite status within the agency, Jerry steps out into the sports business armed with only one volatile client, Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), and the only person with belief in his abilities, Dorothy Boyd (Rene Zellweger), with the impossible task of rebuilding what he once had. Along the way, he faces the harsh truth which he'd ignored in the past and a host of hardships that he'd never faced before. Hax_9 Jerry Maguire (Tom Cruise) used to be a typical sports agent: willing to do just about anything he could to get the biggest possible contracts for his clients, plus a nice commission for himself. Then, one day, he suddenly has second thoughts about what he's really doing. When he voices these doubts, he ends up losing his job and all of his clients, except for Rod Tidwell (Cuba Gooding, Jr.), an egomaniacal football player. Can Jerry resurrect his career while still staying true to himself? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jerry Maguire is a busy sports agent for a very large sports agency. After one of his clients is injured, the client's child insults Jerry for not having his dad's best interest in mind. A short time later at his company's annual conference and while dwelling on that insult during a feverish night, he experiences an epiphany of what he thinks it should mean to represent someone. Feeling inspired, Jerry writes it all down as a mission statement and has it distributed to everyone in attendance, including ideas such as "fewer clients, less money." Returning from the conference he has a chance encounter with an accountant named Dorothy from his firm who tells him she was inspired by his memo. A week later he is fired from the company by his protege, Bob Sugar. After spending the rest of the afternoon contacting his clients and trying to maintain a client list, Jerry is left with only one client, a very outspoken, obnoxious wide receiver, Rod Tidwell, who only wants Jerry to "Show Him the Money." As he's leaving he walks thru the main company work area and invites anyone who wants to be part of something great to join him. At first no one speaks then finally Dorothy jumps up and walks out with Jerry. In an effort to rebuild a large client base, Jerry's fiancee Avery convinces him to go see the college football phenom Cushman at his home in Texas and that getting Cush will help him attract other clients. When he arrives Cushman's dad tells Jerry that since he showed up they will let Jerry be his agent for the upcoming NFL draft but refuses to sign a contract at that time, saying "my word is stronger than oak." Later at the NFL draft Jerry focuses almost all of his attention on parading Cush around which leave Rod feeling neglected. Jerry finally makes time to parade Rod around the gathering of owners and coaches, spending an hour or so introducing him and talking Rod up to them all. Jerry then goes back to Cushman's room where he inadvertently intercepts a call from Bob Sugar to Cush, discovering then that Cushman's dad had signed a contract with Bob "while you were out with that black fella." Avery is viciously berating Jerry for failing to get a signed contract when he was in Texas when Jerry realizes he doesn't want to marry her so he breaks off the engagement. Later that night Jerry is drunk and invites himself over to Dorothy's house, over the objections of her sister Lauren. Jerry proceeds to make a pass at Dorothy which she gently rebuffs due to his inebriated state. He is embarrassed and leaves after assuring her that their new company will be fine when they get Rod's new contract from Arizona, his current team. A few days later after returning from Arizona where he was unsuccessful at getting Rod a new contract, Jerry invites Dorothy out to dinner after which they impulsively decide to spend the night together. The next day the offer from Arizona is insultingly low so Rod opts to play out the final year of his current contract and be a free agent next year. Dorothy tells Jerry she is going to take an accounting job in San Diego which will require her to move. Jerry, who is not good at being alone, impulsively proposes to her just as she is preparing to leave so that she will stay. They get married but as a group of family and friends, including Rod, watch the wedding video later it is clear that Jerry is not excited, just stressed out. The story moves quickly along to the next football season during which we see Jerry on the road at all Rod's games, as opposed to being at home with Dorothy. Over the course of the season we see Jerry and Rod develop a close friendship. As Jerry and Dorothy spend time with Rod and his wife Marcy, Dorothy admiringly observes the depth of commitment Rod and Marcy show to one another. The night before Jerry is leaving for a Monday Night Football game, Dorothy confronts Jerry with the idea that his proposal several months ago was more of an idea than an actual proposal and their marriage was a mistake. When Jerry tells her that he doesn't give up, that "he sticks", she tells him that she doesn't want someone just to stick, she wants someone that loves her. At the MNF game the sportscasters indicate that Rod has had a great year and is one of the prime reasons that Arizona is in contention for a playoff spot if they win this game. Rod has a great night with multiple impressive, tough catches including the game winner. Jerry and Rod share a jubilant emotional moment after the game after which Jerry rushes home to Dorothy. He walks in to the house during the middle of Lauren's divorced women's support group meeting and makes a plea in front of all of them for Dorothy's love. He declares his overwhelming love for her and she readily accepts him back. Some time later during a TV interview with Rod, it is revealed that Rod gets a very generous offer from Arizona, allowing him to finish his career there which is something he wanted. In the final scene Jerry and Dorothy are walking her 8 yr old son along a path next to a baseball diamond when a ball lands at the boys feet. He throws it impressively far to get it back onto the field, prompting a discussion between Dorothy and Jerry about grooming him for a career "to foster his natural talent" according to Jerry. 
 Stuart Little (1999)761) The Little family adopt a charming young mouse named Stuart, but the family cat wants rid of him. In New York City, you would come across a small house, home to a family known as the Littles. You would happen to think of them as the nicest family you'd ever meet. One day, Fredrick and Eleanor, both parents and Littles, ho to and orphanage to find a brother for their son, George. While at it, they meet Stuart, a small, but charming mouse, who apparently, is human-civilized. They adopt him, and everyone, even George, loves him. But there is one problem with Stuart's life, Snowbell, the Little family cat, who wants him. But when trouble starts up almost immediately, Stuart must make it back to his home-before snowbell's friends find out about him When the Little family go in search of a younger adopted boy, they stumble upon a young mouse like child named Stuart. Being smart and kind, Stuart is immediately welcomed into the family much to his new brother George's disapproval. However, family cat Snowbell takes a sudden disliking to Stuart and teams with a gang of alley cats in a conspiracy to getting rid of him. Blazer346 When the Littles go to an orphanage to adopt a new family member, their son, George, insists on a little brother as opposed to a big one. His request is honored more literally than he ever imagined when a charming young mouse named Stuart is chosen. While George is disappointed and initially unwelcoming to his new brother, the family cat, Snowbell, is even less enthusiastic at the prospect of having a mouse as his "master" and plots to get rid of him. Against these difficulties, Stuart resolves to face them with as much pluck, love and courage as he can muster. In doing so, he shows his beloved new family that great things can truly come in small packages. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@execulink.com> A movie based on the story by children's author about a mouse who is adopted by the Little family, and his adventures trying to become an accepted member of the family. He fights to gain his Brother's affection, and to stay, which is against the family cat's wishes. Yobbo@cimtegration.com Stuart is a mouse who is adopted into a human family. His new parents are sure thrilled with him, but everyone is not. Through a series of adventures he eventually gains the love of his big brother, acceptance by the extended Little family and even the grudging tolerance of the family cat. <rasldasl@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Fredrick and Eleanor Little (Hugh Laurie and Geena Davis) and their son George (played by Jonathan Lipnicki) on the day they are intending an adoption. George wants to go to the orphanage with them, but has to go to school. While George is at school, the Littles go to the orphanage where, among all the kids there, they fall in love with a thoughtful, observant mouse named Stuart (voiced by Michael J. Fox), who knows almost everything about the other children, having been at the orphanage for a long time. Despite the warnings of Mrs. Keeper (the woman in charge), who says that humans should not be adopting mice, the Littles decide to adopt him as their second son. Immediately after getting home, Stuart meets Snowbell (voiced by Nathan Lane) the family cat, who immediately attempts to eat Stuart. George arrives home and is surprised when his parents introduce Stuart as his new brother. George at first thinks it is a joke, but is shocked when he realises they are being serious. That night, Snowbell visits Stuart and requests that he keep a low profile, so as to avoid getting seen by the other cats and damaging Snowbell's image (the alley cats would laugh forever if they heard that there was a mouse with a pet cat). George is at first sullen and somewhat disappointed and treats Stuart with contempt. He eventually snaps at a family gathering when they encourage him to play "catch" with Stuart. Stuart also earns Snowbell's wrath when his friend, Monty the Mouth (voiced by Steve Zahn) visits for food. As Snowbell tries to keep him from seeing Stuart, Stuart makes a scene trying to get a cereal box from a cupboard. When he sees him and discovers he is a member of the family, Monty cannot contain himself. Enraged, Snowbell tries to kill Stuart, who narrowly escapes by fleeing into the basement. Here, Stuart learns that George keeps a playroom and the two interact and eventually, George comes to accept Stuart as his brother. Stuart also finds that George keeps a toy car just his size. They decide to work together to finish George's homemade model boat, the Wasp, for the Central Park Boat Race the following week. Snowbell, however, isn't finished. He and Monty head to an alley that night to visit Smokey (voiced by Chazz Palminteri), a Mafia Don-like Russian Blue who is the leader of the alley cats. Since Snowbell doesn't want Stuart killed, he makes a plan with the alley cats to remove Stuart from the Little house. On the day of the 92nd annual Central Park boat race, the Wasp is finished, and they arrive at Central Park. But, George finds a problem when he discovers his nemesis, Anton is present at the race. At the same time, Stuart accidentally destroys George's remote control, rendering his boat inoperable. To make up for this, Stuart takes control of the boat himself. Anton, however, attempts to cheat by ramming his much larger boat into other boats and sinking them. When he attempts to do the same thing to Stuart's boat, Stuart manages to bite into the line of his sail, rendering Anton's boat inoperable. Stuart subsequently wins the race. The celebration is short lived however, as during the party that night, the Littles are visited by Reginald and Camille Stout (voiced by both Bruno Kirby and Jennifer Tilly), a mouse couple claiming to be Stuart's parents. After discussion, Stuart reluctantly leaves with his real parents, taking the small car with him as a goodbye present from George and they go to their home, a small toy castle on a golf course. Three days later, the Littles are visited by Mrs. Keeper, whom they had asked to do a little background research on Stuart. She tells them that, according to the records Stuart's parents died several years ago after a pile of canned food fell on them. The Little's realised that Stuart had been kidnapped and call the police. A terrified Snowbell rushes to the alley and warns Smokey and the others about the Littles' discovery. Smokey then decides that the only way to rectify things is to kill him. They call a meeting with Reginald and demand that he and Camille hand Stuart over. But the Stouts, having grown to care for Stuart, reveal the truth and Reginald orders him to escape before the cats find him. Stuart does so after saying goodbye to his "fake parents". Meanwhile, the Littles decide to place "missing" posters around the city to get help in finding Stuart. While going through Central Park, Stuart is ambushed by Smokey and a few cats. He manages to evade them by driving his car into the sewer, but at a cost: he loses the car and his luggage while escaping the storm drain. Eventually, Stuart finds his way home just as the Littles leave to hang the posters. The only one home is Snowbell, and he tells Stuart a lie about how the Littles are enjoying life without him, and shows him the family picture with Stuart's face cut out (the Littles had actually removed the picture to provide one for the Missing posters). Stuart leaves again. However, Snowbell sees the pain Stuart's absence has caused and realises his selfishness. Discovering Stuart's location from Monty and the other cats, who intend to eat Stuart, Snowbell heads to Central Park and finds him sitting alone in a bird's nest. Snowbell, however, turns on the other cats and escapes with Stuart, admitting his lie to him and that the family actually does love him, he is in fact the only one who hates him. The cats catch up with them and Snowbell attempts to convince Smokey to call off the hit on Stuart, but is refused. Instead, Smokey orders the cats to kill both Stuart and Snowbell. Stuart responds by taking off Snowbell's collar and using it to lure the cats. The cats give chase, and eventually corner Stuart hanging from a tree branch. The cats group together on a lower branch to catch Stuart, but Snowbell breaks it at the last minute and sends the cats into the water below. Smokey sneaks up behind Snowbell and is about to kill him when Stuart releases a thin branch that hits Smokey in the face and knocks him into the water. Enraged and humiliated, Smokey walks off, only to be killed by dogs upon turning a corner. Monty and the other cats also climb out of the water, whimpering and embarrassed. Snowbell and Stuart walk home and Stuart shares a warm reunion with his family, telling them that Snowbell helped him home. The Littles bring Stuart and Snowbell inside, and close the windows, ready for bed. 
 The Resident (2018 )Summaries A group of doctors at Chastain Memorial Hospital face personal and professional challenges on a daily basis. It centers on an idealistic young doctor who begins his first day under the supervision of a tough, brilliant senior resident who pulls the curtain back on all of the good and evil in modern day medicine. Lives may be saved or lost, but expectations will always be shattered. ahmetkozan It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Like Mike (2002)Summaries A 13-year-old orphan becomes an NBA superstar after trying on a pair of sneakers with the faded initials "M.J." inside. Calvin and his friends, who all live an in orphanage, find old shoes with the faded letters MJ connected to a powerline. One stormy night, they go to get the shoes when Calvin and the shoes are struck by lightning. Calvin now has unbelievable basketball powers and has the chance to play for the NBA. Jerry Smith It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 