nm0005452:

 Dude, Where's My Car? (2000)541) Two potheads wake up after a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car. Roommates Jesse and Chester, both who have more than just a few cards short of a full deck, are stoner dudes who don't even do their jobs as pizza delivery guys well. They awaken one morning having little recollection of what they did the previous night, due to being wasted. They discover that their kitchen is full of prepackaged pudding, how they got all the pudding they are unaware. From a telephone message they receive, they come to the realization that at some point during the previous night they were at a party at the house of their girlfriends, twins Wanda and Wilma, and that today is their one year anniversary, which they did remember as they already bought the twins gifts. But the worst thing in not remembering what happened last night is that Jesse's car is missing. In trying to find out what happened to the car, they believe they have to recreate the feeling and mindset of last night, meaning getting wasted all over again. In trying to find the car, they, being the types that area easily distracted, get sidetracked by one item after another, most specifically the potential of having sex with hot babes (sex with which Wanda and Wilma have not yet provided them), and learning that they apparently had a suitcase filled with $200,000 last night, the suitcase and therefore the money to which they don't know what happened. During their day of discovery, they also end up encountering one group of alien wannabes, and two groups of actual aliens, all three groups who are after the continuum transfunctioner which they believe Jesse and Chester have. Jesse and Chester don't know where it is let alone what it is, but these three groups seem to be willing to do whatever necessary to get it from Jesse and Chester. In the process, Jesse and Chester may have to make decisions which may not only save their lives and those of Wanda, Wilma and their best friend Nelson, a zen-master, but that of the entire universe. But most importantly, they may actually find Jesse's car after all is said and done. Huggo Jesse and Chester, two bumbling stoners, wake up one morning from a night of partying and cannot remember where they parked their car which prompts them on a journey to find it and along the way, they encounter a variety of people who include their angry girlfriends Wilma and Wanda whose house they trashed, an angry street gang, a transexual stripper hounding them for a suitcase full of stolen money, a cult of alien seeking fanatics, and a group of aliens in human form looking for a mystical device that could save or destroy the world. Matthew Patay <pataygs@voicenet.com> Jesse and Chester are two potheads who got so wasted the night before, they don't remember a thing! All they know is Jesse's car is gone and they encounter a transsexual stripper who wants his/her suitcase of stolen money, a group of alien-seeking nerds and an angry street gang. And their girlfriends Wilma and Wanda are super-pissed that they trashed their house. And they must find a "continum transfuctioner", a mystical device that could either save or destroy the world. And a group of jumpsuit-wearing, sexy-as-hell, aliens posing as humans want it.... Matt Whiteside <RavenWerkheiserHexorcist> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jesse (Ashton Kutcher) and Chester (Seann William Scott) are two dim-witted potheads who wake up one morning and can't remember what happened the night before. There is a lifetime supply of pudding in the kitchen. Their girlfriends The Twins, Wanda (Jennifer Garner) and Wilma (Marla Sokoloff), call and remind them it's their one-year anniversary. Jesse and Chester decide they must have gotten the twins gifts and they are in the car. They go outside and cannot find Jesse's car. It is decided that they need to practice altered conscious memory retrieval by putting themselves into the state of mind of the night before. They go to their friend Nelson's (David Herman) house where they have a talk about reclaiming their memory as well as watch Nelson's cannabis-loving dog smoke on a pipe. Later, they are hungry from smoking all that weed and decide to go to Chinese Foooood, a drive-through Chinese restaurant where the belligerent woman, who takes their order, annoys Jesse so much by repeating "and then?" that he destroys the drive-up speaker. Being a pacifist against violence, Nelson drops them off on the street where they meet the local hot girl Christie Boner (Kristy Swanson), "el fuego of all that is el fuego". They are surprised when she recognizes them and tells them what a nice time she had the night before. Then her jock boyfriend Tommy (Charlie O'Connell) shows up with his friends and threatens "stoner bashin' time" if Jesse and Chester talk to Christie again. In an effort to retrace their steps, they end up at the Kitty Kat Club, a local strip bar where they are well known by the dancers, further perplexing them as to what exactly happened the night before. Here Jesse meets Tania, a "gender challenged male" who angrily tells him that she gave him a suitcase full of stolen money to keep safe for her and she wants it back. Jesse and Chester decide to go to The Twins' house to try to remember the night before. They try to help The Twins clean the house but fail when they accidentally spill garbage all over the living room floor. Wilma and Wanda kick them out proclaiming they never do anything right. At this point the Jesse and Chester are kidnapped by a group of space nerds who follow Zoltan (Hal Sparks). The nerds tell them that last night they were in possession of a mysterious and powerful device called the Continuum Transfunctioner, and the nerds are searching for this device. Upon being dropped off back on Main Street, the guys visit the local tailor, Mr. Lee, who gives them their special suits that they ordered the night before. They both find matching tattoos on their backs. Jesse's reads 'Dude' and Chester's reads 'Sweet'. Chester finds a Rubik's Cube in his suit. They also realize they have cell phones and have leased a convertible sports car. Sweet! Out on the street, they are approached by five strange-looking women, wearing black jumpsuits, who proclaim themselves 'Hot Chicks'. They offer to give Jesse and Chester "erotic pleasure" in exchange for the Continuum Transfunctioner. Tania once again shows up asking for her money and the five Hot Chicks disappear. At this point Jesse and Chester are arrested by the police after being mistaken for thieves and are interrogated at the police station by a pair of overzealous beat cops. Once they are proved innocent, they find out that their car was found last night by the police, but unfortunately it was impounded by the sight-challenged officer Rick. Meanwhile, the five Hot Chicks travel to the pizza parlor where Jesse and Chester work to look for them, when they meet Tommy and his goons engorging on some pizza just as Kristie has had enough of Tommy's macho attitude and she walks out on him. The Hot Chicks approach Tommy and offer him "erotic pleasure" if they can get the Continuum Transfunctioner away from Jesse and Chester. Tommy sends them to the workplace of The Twins, who work as councilors at a local blind school and summer camp. Wilma and Wanda meet the Hot Chicks who ask the whereabouts of Jesse and Chester, and they become angry. At the same time, Tommy and his friends kidnap Nelson, and call Jesse and Chester to arrange the transfer of Nelson for the Continuum Transfunctioner. After leaving the police station, Jesse and Chester meet a pair of gay-looking Nordic dudes who claim to be the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. They lent it to Jesse and Chester the night before. But the guys are more suspicious than ever and shake the two mysterious guys off. Our heroes go home to their house only to meet The Twins who break up with them. Overcome with love for The Twins, Jesse and Chester realize they must have really good anniversary gifts in the car and resume the search. Jesse and Chester arrive at a car impound lot where they are told that their car was sold at an auction, but eventually they are able to get the address of the buyer. At this point they are once again approached by the Nordic dudes and they send them to Chinese Foooood to keep them busy with the non-English speaking Chinese lady over the order intercom. While they are on their way to the buyer's place, Jesse and Chester are kidnapped by the space nerds again and taken to their leader's country house, only to find out The Twins are bound and gagged and being held hostage by Zoltan until he receives the Continuum Transfunctioner. Jesse and Chester are allowed to leave and they follow the address of the man who purchased their car at an auction to a very secure ostrich compound. They sneak in over the fence only to be attacked by several ostriches and are then captured and caged for poaching by the compound owner Pierre (Brent Spiner), an eccentric ostrich breeder. Jesse and Chester are freed when Chester knows the answer to the question Pierre poses thanks to his constant watching of Animal Planet. Pierre offers to give them their car back only to discover it has been stolen from the compound. All Pierre was able to recover was a locker key from a locker at Captain Stu's Space-O-Rama, a local miniature golf course and video arcade. As nightfall arrives, Jesse and Chester arrive at the Space-O-Rama and find a stash of cool stuff in the locker, including Captain Stu tickets, a cool straw, and the suitcase full of money. Tania and her transsexual boyfriend, Patty, show up and take the money. Jesse and Chester use the Captain Stu tickets to buy a fake Continuum Transfunctioner. They then call Zoltan and Tommy claiming that they have the Continuum Transfunctioner. Zoltan shows up and trades The Twins for the fake Transfunctioner. Just then, Tommy shows up and steals the fake Transfunctioner and lets Nelson free. The five Hot Chicks and the two Nordic Dudes show up, both claiming to be the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. Even Christie Boner shows up and has a quick meeting of the minds with Nelson, while Jesse and Chester's boss, also shows up with pizza after Chester anonymously called requesting pizza. Just then, Chester finally solves the Rubik's Cube (which he has been working on the entire time since finding it in his colored suit) which suddenly glows and morphs into a strange silver-painted globe and it is revealed to be the Continuum Transfunctioner. The Transfunctioner is now activated and will destroy the universe unless the true Keepers can turn it off. Jesse and Chester decide who the real Keepers are by asking a question about the 18th hole of putt-putt the night before. Only the real Keepers know that they won a lifetime supply of pudding by getting a hole in one. The two alien Nordic dudes answer correctly and are given back the Transfunctioner which they deactivate. The universe is saved until the Hot Chicks scream with rage and morph into a "Super Hot Giant Alien Chick" and go after the Continuum Transfunctioner. The Nordic Dudes attempt to use the device to banish the giant to Hoboken, New Jersey, only to get flung aside, and the Transfunctioner lands in Jesse's hands. The Giant Alien Chick then eats Tommy, while Christie reacts with indifference. Jesse and Chester are forced to run outside in the putt-putt golf course and the Giant Chick follows them. Jesse and Chester must activate the Photon Accelerator Annihilation Beam to destroy her. Chester once again saves the day thanks to his love of Animal Planet by using a straw as a tool to push the button. Tommy however is still alive when he gets blown out of the giant alien chick's body. Christie falls in love with Nelson. The Nordic Dudes take the space nerds to a party on the Crab Nebula. Everyone's memory is erased by the Nordic Dudes as they use the Continuum Transfuctioner to reverse time to the very beginning of the movie. In the morning, Jesse and Chester can't remember the night before, but at least they find the car outside (which was hidden behind a mail truck this whole time) and drive to The Twins house where they exchange gifts and receive a special gift from the Keepers of the Continuum Transfunctioner. They get in the car to drive and get some Chinese Foooood. 
 Extract (2009)431) Joel, the owner of an extract plant, tries to contend with myriad personal and professional problems, such as his potentially unfaithful wife and employees who want to take advantage of him. Joel, the owner of an extract manufacturing plant, constantly finds himself in precarious situations that steadily worsen by the minute. First, his soon-to-be floor manager acquires a serious injury in a machine malfunctioning accident that subsequently endangers the wellbeing of his company. Second, his personal life doesn't fair much better when he takes the advice of his bartending friend Dean during a drug-induced brainstorming session on how to test his wife's faithfulness. Finally, compounding these catastrophes is new employee Cindy, who happens to be a scam artist intent on milking the company for all its worth. Now, Joel must attempt to piece his company and his marriage back together all while trying to figure out what he's really after in life. The Massie Twins Joel is the CEO/founder/owner of Reynolds Extracts, which produces flavor extracts for cooking and baking. In being passionate about the product and the company doing well financially, Joel should be at the top of the world, but he's not, at least not mentally, especially as he has difficulty truly expressing how he is feeling. There is animosity among the disparate group of employees on the factory floor, most who are not the brightest lights in the world, which, among other factors, makes him hope that he can sell the company and retire despite not truly wanting it to happen. In returning home every day, he has to run the gauntlet that is his overbearing and annoying neighbor Nathan who is always bothering him about one thing or another in believing they are best friends. But probably worst in his mind is that his wife Suzie, while each still seemingly loves the other, has shut down sexually, it being months between their sexual activities. It does not help matters that Joel often turns to his bartender friend Dean for advice, Dean whose suggestions always include the consumption of some illicit drug in addition to the actual advice to deal with whatever the issue itself. It is in one of those drug induced stupors on both their parts that Dean suggests and Joel follows through with hiring a gigolo to seduce Suzie, Dean knowing the perfect person in bar patron Brad, so that Joel can act, without guilt, on what is not so much a fantasy of sleeping with seductive Cindy, a temporary employee at the factory who has been openly flirting with him ever since her arrival. What Joel is unaware of is that Cindy is a con artist whose arrival at the factory and her friendliness to him is all in her plan to take the company for all its worth in dealing with an issue with arguably Joel's most loyal factory employee, Step, that action which would ruin the company and bankrupt Joel. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cindy (Mila Kunis) is at a guitar store trying to find a guitar for her dad. The two employees are completely engrossed by her and ignore other customers. She doesn't seem to know a lot about guitars so they try to impress her by acting like guitar experts. She asks for a different color and they both go back to get it, leaving her alone with a guitar. She looks around then takes the guitar and drives off. Next we see a building with the name Reynold's Extract on the front. Inside, machines are going and Joel (Jason Bateman), the manager, enters and greets his employees. He goes into his office and talks on the phone with his friend Dean (Ben Affleck) about going to the bar where he (Dean) works. We also find out that Joel hasnt been laid in a month. Step (Clifton Collins Jr.) is talking to a Latino worker Hector, (Javier Gutierrez) who doesn't seem to understand English, telling him that he started off in the same position but was much better. He says that he's the best worker in the factory and he's probably going to be a floor manager soon. Two women, Mary and Gabriella, see him talking and not working and complain that he's holding up the assembly line. Another worker, Rory, comes over to Hector and tells him he should listen to his band 'God's Cock' play at a show. The women watch all of this, and Mary says that she's just going to sit there and not work either. Gabriella asks if she's going to shut off the machine and Mary says she's not going to hold up the line, but if they're not going to do their jobs she's not going to do hers. Joel is still on the phone and explains to Dean that if he's not home by 8:00 his wife puts on sweatpants, and once the sweats are on, he doesn't have a chance. He looks out his window and sees that Mary is just sitting there letting the bottles drop on the floor. Step goes up to Mary and asks what she's doing and she argues that he's not doing his job either. Joel comes down and tries to calm everyone down. He explains to Mary that Hector's new so itll take him some time to learn things and tells Step that if he wants to be a floor manager, he's going to have to learn to deal with upset workers instead of yelling. Joel walks away and Mary complains that they always get the blame. Joel is in his office talking to another manager Brian (J.K. Simmons), who spent all morning teaching Rory whom he calls Boy Genius how to back up a forklift. We see Rory driving a forklift carrying a bunch of boxes of extract when he stops suddenly causing a bunch of the boxes to fall. He then talks about Dinkus (Gabriella) who "axed" for days off. He told her she can have personal days when she fills out her time sheets correctly, which he promises Joel will never happen. Joel rushes out to beat the 8:00 sex deadline. He drives into a gated community and the clock in his car turns to 7:54. He sees his neighbor Nathan (David Koechner), and doesn't want to be seen. However Nathan notices him and waves him down. Joel stops the car and tells Nathan that he's in a hurry. However Nathan doesn't seem to register that and asks what Joel's doing on November 17. Joel lies and tells him that they'll be out of town but Nathan then 'remembers' that he meant the 7th so Joel reluctantly admits that he will definitely be in town then. Nathan says that he and his wife are going to an annual dinner for charity and want to invite Joel and his wife, Suzie. Joel tries to make up another excuse and says it doesn't sound like something that they would want to do because Suzie doesn't like going to those types of things. Nathan comes up with the idea to buy them tickets anyway and Leslie and Joel can try to talk Suzie into going. As soon as Nathan gets up from leaning on Joel's car, Joel speeds off. Joel gets into his garage and out of his car when Nathan comes walking into the garage and tells him that the tickets are $40, but the food is fantastic. Joel really wants to get inside his house and tells Nathan that they'll talk about it later. Nathan won't relent and asks why Joel is going out of town and Joel says it's for vacation. Nathan says that he and Leslie would love to go on vacation with Joel and Suzie. Joel says he has to go and starts closing the garage door shutting Nathan out and runs into the house. Nathan starts to walk away but turns around and calls for Joel bending down as the garage door closes. Joel is finally in his house just as his wife enters the living room tying the drawstring on her sweatpants. They talk about how Nathan and Leslie won't shut up. Suzie says she's afraid to go out onto the front yard because Nathan might be there. She reminisces about the time when they lived in a condo and they could go straight from the garage to the house without having to talk to anyone. (Joel's phone vibrates and he starts texting) She continues talking about how they need to hire a new pool cleaner because the one they have never checks the chlorine level. She turns around and sees Joel texting. Joel apologizes and explains that a supplier has a new vanilla extract formula, which would mean Reynold's cookies and cream formula could work. He needs to get it before Weber, their competitor, so that he could be successful enough to sell the company. Joel sits down next to Suzie on the couch and cuddles up to her asking her if she remembers the logo she designed for him for the cookies and cream extract and tells her he has it framed in his office. She says she remembers and now she designs coupons. We see her handiwork on a computer. He asks if she wants to go up to the bedroom and tries to kiss her but she says shes tired and it's the middle of the week. He says it's not the middle of the week, it's Monday. Suddenly she yells Shit! and Joel is confused and asks what's wrong. She forgot Dancing with the Stars was on and turns on the TV. Joel is at the bar where Dean works (Sidelines at the Marriott). He's telling Dean that he wants to put insulation in his bathroom because he doesn't like being heard while he jerks off. Dean tells him he should just do it anywhere he wants because he's the man of the house and how he went from being a bartender to having his own business. Joel says that no one cares about extracts, especially not his wife and that Rory probably gets laid more than he does because he's in a band. Dean tells him that Rory also probably lives in a crappy apartment and Joel says he'd gladly live in a crappy apartment if the bathroom was next to a TV so he couldn't be heard jerking off. Cindy is at a pawn shop trying to sell the guitar she stole. She fakes crying and tells the worker that it belonged to her dead father who left her with a bunch of bills. The worker tells her that she could get a lot more money for the guitar if she goes to the music store. She says she just wants to get it over with and the worker feels bad for her and pulls money from his own pocket and gives it to her. At the factory, Joel is looking out the window of his office when Brian walks in. Mary is sitting at her station not doing her job again and Joel asks if they're ever going to replace her with a robot. Brian says that they might not have to because General Mills wants to buy them out and made an offer over market value. Joel is really happy to hear this and tells Brian to answer them with a definite yes. On the assembly line Mary sees a bunch of workers just standing around and talking and she decides to just sit at her station and not work. The products get backed up on the assembly belt and they keep piling up until some of the products fall off the belt onto the floor. Joel sees this from his office window. The following is in slow motion: A worker carrying boxes of extract doesnt see the spill and slips on it. Rory is driving the forklift with several boxes of extract and swerves so he won't hit the guy who slipped. A block of boxes of extract falls from the forklift and lands on a machine and breaks it. A piece of the machine flies off and hits Step in the groin. Mary shakes her head. An emergency medical helicopter is in front of the factory and Step is wheeled out on a gurney. Mary says that's what happens when you don't pay attention. Joel is on the phone at Sidelines getting an update on Step. He tells Dean that Step definitely lost one his testicles and they might be able to reattach the other one. Joel doesn't understand how this happened because they have such a flawless safety record and comply with all the safety codes. Dean asks if Joel has insurance and Joel says he does and that he'll probably get a huge settlement. They then go on to talk about how fragile their balls are, just hanging there in a sack one moment and then cut off forever the next. Joel tells Dean that he and Suzie have sex maybe once every three months. Dean says he has a solution for Joel's sexual frustration Xanax. Joel says Xanax is for anxiety, but Dean says it's good for all psychological problems because it makes you feel good. Dean says he takes it for head colds. Joel declines his offer to get him some. Dean also suggests codeine cough syrup. Cindy is in her car looking through her various drivers' licenses. She sees on a newspaper a picture of Step on a gurney and reads the article, which says something about a large settlement of a million dollars. She goes to a pay phone and asks the operator for Step's address; however the address is unlisted. Joel and Brian are in the office and Brian is telling Joel that the guys from General Mills heard about the accident and are worried because if the bill is more than the insurance settlement, it could be a serious liability. Joel asks how Step is doing and Brian says he's better and that he's not going to sue the company. Brian tells Joel that Dinkus asked for a raise. Joel tells Brian that he calls everybody Dinkus so he doesn't know who he's talking about. Brian says he's talking about forklift "Dinkus" and Joel says that's "Boy Genius". Brian says that he told "Boy Genius" that he almost killed "Dinkus". Joel says that Brian should learn the employees' names. Brian says that if the deal goes through he won't have to. Brian introduces Joel to the new temps, Cindy and Victor. Joel shakes their hands and goes back in his office. Brian takes Victor down to the floor, but Cindy sneaks off and follows Joel. She acts really impressed that he's the owner and founder of the company. He takes the bait and starts telling her how he got the company started. When he was younger, his mother would make root beer cookies and he noticed that the cookie dough tasted better than the cookies themselves. He discovered that a lot of the flavor in root beer extract evaporates when cooked. In college, he found a synthetic flavor that didn't evaporate as easily and made his company based on that. Cindy looks really interested in his story and nods her head while he talks. When he finishes she says that he must be really rich; to which he replies he has a 7 series BMW. She begins to look through his Rolodex and says that he knows a lot of people. She comes upon Step's card with his address. She laughs and says it's cute how his 6 looks like 8 or the other way around, trying to figure out what Step's address is. Before he can answer, Dean walks in asking if Joel wants to hit some golf balls. He sees Cindy and introduces himself and she leaves. Dean goes to the window to look at Cindy as she goes down the stairs to the work floor. Joel explains that she was sent over from Job One, a hiring agency. Dean says he needs to give them a call because he hasn't seen anyone nearly that hot working at Reynold's Extract. Joel says that hot girls need jobs too, and Dean says most temps look like winos or guys. Joel tells Dean that he thinks she was flirting with him. Dean says of course because he's the king and the ruler of the company so he can have anyone he wants down on the floor. Joel looks out his window just as something is happening on the floor. Mary is stomping around and yelling that someone stole her purse. She accuses Hector and Brian comes over and tells her to calm down. She says she's going to call the police. Brian says he speaks the language and will talk to him. He asks Hector if he knows where her purso is. Joel comes over and asks how Mary knows her purse was stolen. She says because it's gone out of the locker room and Joel asks what it looks like. She describes it and we see Cindy going through that purse in her car. She opens the wallet and takes out all the cash. She also has Step's address that she pulled from the Rolodex. Cindy pulls up to the address on the card and sees Step limping out of the house and getting into his truck. She follows him to the market and gets behind him in line with a bottle of extract. He tells her she can go in front of him if that's all she has. She mentions she works at Reynold's Extract and he says he works there too. He tells her he was the fastest sorter there and that he was going to be a floor manager. She introduces herself and they begin an acquaintance. Joel walks into his house to see Suzie asleep on the couch. He goes to Sideline and tells Dean that he and Suzie have turned into one of those brother-sister couples. He says he can't get Cindy out of his mind and when is he ever going to meet a girl that pretty who's into food flavoring? He tells Dean that she practically asked him out, giving her number to him and asking if he wanted to go see Rory play. Dean asks what Joel's going to do and Joel says nothing because he can't cheat on Suzie. Dean suggests if Suzie cheated on Joel, then Joel could cheat on Suzie with a clear conscience. He says to Joel that he should hire a gigolo to have an affair with Suzie. He knows a regular named Brad who is a gigolo. Joel jokingly says that maybe he'll try some Xanax, and Dean pulls out a box full of different pills and Joel gives it back saying it was a joke. Dean pushes it toward him and Joel finally takes it to shut Dean up, and then asks what the pill is supposed to do. Cindy and Step are sitting in the back of his pick up truck talking about his accident. She tries to convince him to sue so that it will never happen to another worker again and that she already got him a lawyer Joe Adler from the picture from a bus stop bench. Step kisses Cindy and she is disgusted but fakes being aroused and reminds him that he can't get aroused until he heals and after the trial. Back at the bar, Dean realizes that he either gave Joel Ritalin or Special K which is an elephant tranquilizer and not Xanax. Joel is very very relaxed and brings up the gigolo. He asks if it's morally wrong and Dean says no because she has a choice. If she doesn't do anything then that's that, but if she does then she's the one that's morally wrong and he has a free pass. He says that Brad can pretend to be the new pool cleaner and see what happens. Joel says that they need a new pool cleaner and Dean says that it's a sign and goes to call Brad. Joel, Dean and Brad are in the back room negotiating Brad's fee. Dean wants 10% of Brad's fee because he set up the whole thing. Brad asks if Joel is going to watch and Joel says that he's not even going to be there and that they already went over this. Dean explains again slowly that Brad is going to go there pretending to be the new pool cleaner and attempt to seduce Joel's wife and if it doesn't work, he will just clean the pool and leave. Brad asks if Joel will try to touch his butt and Dean explains the situation again. Brad finally gets it and is excited but doesn't pay attention to Joel when he says that Suzie might not go for it. Brad asks if Joel can spread the word about him to other lonely housewives so he can quit his landscaping job that he hates because he loves getting laid. The three leave the bar and Brad is still talking about how much he likes getting laid. Dean shakes his hand and leaves with Joel in another direction. Dean offers to drive Joel home because he's drunk and stoned. Joel asks if he's sure about Brad because he's kind of stupid and Dean says what can you expect from a whore. At work the next day, Joel is in the break room taking Alka Seltzer when Cindy walks in. She says he must have had one of those nights and asks where was she while he was having fun. Joel suddenly realizes what he's done and rushes away to call Dean to stop Brad. He's pretty upset and Dean tries to calm him down. Dean sees that he doesn't actually have Brad's number on his phone and that the guy who gave him the number doesn't have a phone and that he got it from the guy at the bar. Joel asks for Brad's last name, but Dean only remembers that it was a Mexican name. Joel says Brad had blond hair and blue eyes, why would he have a Mexican last name? Dean says he thought it was strange too but he doesn't judge but he thinks it might have been Lopez or Sanchez or Gutierrez. Joel decides to go home and stop Brad himself. As he's walking out Brian walks in and says he needs to talk to him about Step, but Joel says not now and leaves. As he's walking down the stairs, his assistant yells that a Brad Chavez is on the phone. Joel turns around and gets the phone. In his office he picks up the phone and Brad says that Suzie totally went for it. Joel says Brad wasn't even supposed to be there for another 45 minutes. Brad says he had forgotten what time they said and he was so excited that he just went there and says how easy it was. Joel says he wants to hear everything. Brad says he was in the back pretending to clean the pool and Suzie was sunbathing. He strikes up a conversation with her asking if this was her dad's place because she looked so young to be owning a house that nice. She giggled and played with her hair. He asked her for some sunscreen and explains that asking for sunscreen was pretty smart because then she would ask him to rub some on her too. Brad continues rubbing sunscreen on her back and he says once he started doing that the rest was pretty easy. Joel stops him and Brad asks him to refer him to other people or he's available to do his wife again. Joel hangs up on him. Joel drives home and Nathan chases him down. Joel says hes really busy and Nathan says he won't take long. He says he bought the tickets for the dinner and that they ended up being $55 each. Joel tells him that he said they didn't want to go and Nathan says Suzie wont be uncomfortable at all. Joel says that that's not the problem and drives off. At the dinner table, Joel is eating angrily. Suzie says that they should go on vacation to the Caribbean, to which Joel replies that he hates the Caribbean because it sucks. He says he doesn't feel good and gets up to go to bed. At work, he sees Cindy working and they wave. Rory is telling Cindy about the five bands that he's in. Mary says Cindy's so nice and she wishes they would hire more people like her. She also heard that another wallet was stolen and that Hector was the last person in the locker room. Rory comes over to Mary and Gabriella and asks if they heard the rumor that Joel's going to sell the company. They say he's probably going to make billions. Rory gets upset because he thinks he does all the work and Joels going to get all the money. He says they should do something and walks away. In the office, Brian comes in and says Step doesn't want to settle anymore and he might have talked to a lawyer. He also says that General Mills doesn't want to go through with the deal until the situation is settled. Joel says not to worry and that Step is probably just beating on his chest and being macho. Joel is driving home and Nathan flags him down and Joel says he can't talk. Nathan says he noticed the new pool cleaner today and asks if he's any good. Joel says the pool cleaner came yesterday, Nathan says no..today. Joel asks him to describe him and Nathan describes Brad. Joel asks if Nathan is positive that he saw him today and Nathan says yes and Joel drives off. Joel calls Brad and asks what he was doing at his house today. Brad says not to worry because he's not going to charge him this time. He figured since they already had sex that it was no big deal. Joel says hell pay him because he doesn't want him to have sex with his wife for free and to never to come to his house ever again. He walks into the room where his wife is and Suzie asks if he wants to do something like go to 7-11. Joel grabs his jacket and says he has to go watch Rory's band play and quickly walks out. Joel shows up at Rory's place. A slummy looking house that has Harley motorcycles parked all over in front of it and Rory is in the back yard playing the guitar with his thrash metal band. Joel gets out of his car and sees Cindy but then gets back in his car and drives away. Joel is watching TV at Sideline and a commercial for Joe Adler the lawyer (Gene Simmons) is playing. Dean brings over a beer and asks why he's so upset since Joel said it wouldn't bother him if Suzie cheated on him. Joel says he didn't think about it long enough and he's upset that Brad didn't have to try so hard to get Suzie in bed. He complains that women say they want a guy that's smart and funny but end up just laughing at what the good looking, stupid guy says. He tells Dean that Brad was back today and that he's going to pay him. Dean tries to figure out where he's going to get his 10% from. Dean tells Joel to call Cindy and Joel says he doesn't know so Dean suggests smoking pot to relieve his stress. They go to Dean's friend's (Willie) house. Dean is rambling on and on while lighting a six foot long bong for Willie while Joel just watches. Willie lets out a breath and an extremely long stream of smoke leaves his mouth. He offers the bong to Joel who declines and asks for a beer instead. Dean tells Willie that Joel thinks he gets paranoid when he smokes. Willie yells and bullies Joel into smoking it and Joel gives in. Later on while super high, Joel stares at Willie and Dean who are sitting with their eyes closed, when Willie jumps up and screams at him to scare him and laughs. Dean tells Joel to chill out and suggests he should call Cindy. Willie asks what she looks like, and Joel says brown hair, pretty, working class type. Willie asks if that means slutty and Joel says yes. Joel dials her number and gets a busy signal. Joel makes a comment about her not having call waiting, and Willie freaks out on him saying HE doesn't have call waiting because the clicking sound it makes just makes him want to reach through the phone and kill that person. He then starts laughing and says he is just playing with him and offers to dial again for him. Willie starts dialing the number when he suddenly stops mid dial, and he tells Joel that the reason he's getting a busy signal is because he's dialing WILLIE'S number from Willie's phone. Joel thinks Willie's trying to get him paranoid again and says 'yeah right nice try', when Cindy walks through the door and calls to Willie, Hey baby. Joel stands up and Cindy sees him and asks what he is doing there. Dean excuses himself and leaves. Willie stands up and rushes at Joel... Joel tries to sneak into his bedroom but makes a lot of noise, waking Suzie up. She turns on the light and sees Joel's bruised and bloodied face and asks what happened in a worried voice. He tells her he's fine and he just got his ass kicked by some guy at Sideline. She says he should go to the hospital and he says he just wants to go to sleep. At work, his assistant gives him his messages and asks what happened to his face. He mumbles something about a car door and walks out. Brian walks into his office and asks if he's talked to Step. Joel replies that he's not returning his calls. Brian says that's a big problem because Step has hired Joe Adler. Brian asks about his face and Joel says he fell down some stairs. Brian says they need to hire new people because Cindy quit. Brian mentions that she's been going out with Step and Joel is shocked. Brian says he wants to fire Hector because of the stolen purse and wallet. Joel starts to put two and two together and tells Brian NOT to fire Hector for that would be a mistake and announces that he is leaving early. Joel is driving home when he sees Brad driving out of the subdivision on the other side and he pulls up in front of Brad cutting him off. He gets out of car and yells at Brad asking what he's doing at his house. He threatens Brad by saying Brad's face will look worse than his face if he's ever at his house again. Brad says that he and Suzie are in love. Joel calls him a piece of ass and that hes going to tell Suzie that he only had sex with her for money. Brad begs him not to but Joel blows him off and speeds home. Joel storms into the house and his wife is surprised that hes home early. He looks out at the pool from the kitchen window where she is standing and asks how the pool cleaner is. She asks what he means, and he says is he doing a good job because he's looking at the pool and it looks very dirty so he's going to fire him. Suzie asks if he's feeling all right and if he needs to see a doctor. He says he's fine and storms off. Joel drives to Step's house and Step invites him in. Joel asks him about Cindy and Step says that they might even get married after the lawsuit. Joel warns him that he should be careful with Cindy because he is getting a lot of money and also tells Step that if he goes through with the lawsuit, the company will go bankrupt and a lot of people will lose their jobs and be mad at Step. Step gets defensive and says he doesn't care if they get mad at him for he will take them on and kick their asses and for Joel to watch what he says about his woman. Brad is at Suzie's house trying to kiss her, but she tells him that they need to stop seeing each other. Brad confesses his love to Suzie, but Suzie says she loves Joel and she wants to make her marriage work. Brad asks does that mean they can't see each other anymore and Suzie says Duh, that's what she just said. Brad asks why? And asks if he can see her tomorrow or the following days. She says NO and tells him to leave, and he says he'll call her tomorrow. At the factory, Joe Adler is telling his team that he should fire them because they laughed at him for buying bus bench ads and that Step is a great client. He explains that a man with no balls is not a man and the jury won't be able to empathize, but a man with one ball is still a man and his ball is hanging by a thread. Brian and Joel enter the room to meet with Step's lawyers. Down on the floor, the workers all think that Joel and Brian are meeting with the people from General Mills. Rory gathers the factory workers and says that if they're going to cash out and leave him jobless, he should get some of the money. One of the other workers suggest going on strike until Joel and Brian gave them stocks in the company before selling to General Mills. If the workers go on strike, General Mills won't buy Reynold's Extracts so they would have to give the workers stock. Back in the office, Adler shows them the amount it would take to settle. Joel says they don't have that kind of money. Adler suggests liquidating all his assets and Joel says he wont give up the company he built from the ground. Adler says his client gave up his testicles. He says hell drop the case if Joel slams his testicles in the door and will call it even. On the floor, the workers are still speculating about what's going on in the office. They decide to stage a walk out. In the office, Adler is still going on about slamming Joels balls in the door. Joel finally gets fed up and says Adler can slam his own balls in the door. Adler asks if Joel just threatened him. Brian and Joel leave the office to calm down and Joel decides to leave. He walks down the stairs and all of his workers are gathered at the bottom of the stairs. Rory struggles to tell Joel that the workers want a piece of the General Mills buy out. Joel stops him and goes off on them telling them that they can have the whole damn company and buy a new conveyor belt and deal with the lawsuit but to be careful because Adler might slam their balls in the door and walks out. The workers all go back to work. Joel is watching TV at home when Suzie enters and complains to him that he's been busy at work for the past two years and she's been working at home. He interrupts her and asks if she's trying to tell him that she had sex with the pool cleaner. She admits it and asks how he knew. He tells her that he hired him to have sex with her because he wanted to have an affair and not feel guilty. She gets upset and asks if Brad has been getting paid all 15 times. Joel is shocked because it hasnt even been 15 days. She then asks Joel who he had an affair with. He tells her that he didnt. They both want to leave the house, and as Joel leaves out the back door Suzie opens the front door to see Nathan standing there. She says it's not a good time and he should come by another time. He asks her when, for they are so hard to get ahold of. She says maybe tomorrow. He asks what time, and she says she not sure when a good time will be and tries to close the door on him. He asks when will they will have the check for $110 ready, as she closes the door in his face. Joel drives to a hotel and watches TV. He walks out of the room and sees Cindy walk into another room with a bag of groceries. He goes to her room and she's surprised to see him. She invites him in and apologizes for Willie and explains that's why she had to move out. He notices Mary's bag in the room. He asks if that's Mary's bag and she says no that it's her own. She tries to change the subject by asking how people are at work. He walks over to get the bag and accuses Cindy of stealing it. She denies it and says it's her bag. He points out the teddy bear with a tutu key-chain that Mary described earlier. He then asks her what she's doing with Step. He knows that she is the reason why Step is going through with the lawsuit and explains how much work he put into building the company. He grabs the purse and tells her that if it really is her purse, she can call the police and tell them that he stole it. He's about to walk out the door when he changes his mind and decides to call them anyways to tell them that SHE stole it. He picks up the phone and she begs him not to because shes on probation and she'll go to jail for a really long time if he calls the police. She says she'll talk to Step and have him drop the lawsuit. Joel asks how he can trust her. She says he can keep the bag and if Step doesnt drop the lawsuit then he can turn her in. He asks for the other workers' wallet and watch that was stolen. She starts to cry and he tells her to stop trying to manipulate him. He's about to walk out the door but can't because he feels bad. He sits next to her and she hugs him and starts kissing him. He wakes up in her bed and she's gone. He panics and grabs his pants off the floor and gets his wallet to find all his money is still there. He looks over at the desk and Mary's purse, the wallet and watch are there. Relieved he goes back to sleep. At the factory, Mary comments on how Joel hasn't been at work all morning and Gabriella says if they're late, they get in trouble. Just then Joel drops Mary's purse next to her and tells her that it wasn't Hector and that it was Cindy who stole it. Mary doesn't believe him and makes a comment about blaming the sweet girl. At Step's house, Step's brother asks if Step has heard from Cindy yet because its been three days since she borrowed his truck. Step says that she wouldn't steal from him. At the factory, Brian tells Joel that Step is there to see him, but he wants to see him alone at the loading dock. Step tells Joel that he's tired of dealing with Adler and he just wants his old life back. He wants to go back to work and realizes that if he bankrupts the company, there won't be another job for him. Joel says he doesn't have to bankrupt the company. Step says if Joel sells the company, the new company won't want an employee with one ball, but Joel reassures him that they aren't allowed to ask that. Joel tells him that he doesn't really want to sell the place and won't have to if there's no lawsuit. Step agrees under one condition - he becomes floor manager. Step and Joel walk into the factory and Joel gathers the workers. He tells them he decided not to sell the company and that Step is the new floor manager. He says if anyone doesn't like that, they can go work at Gem-Co, a competing company. He reminds them that at Gem-Co, the owner doesn't know the workers' names and they won't even meet him. Brian asks if he's really not selling and Joel says no so he better start learning their names. Mary and Gabriella are on the line talking as usual when Step yells at them to stop talking and get back to work. Joel is at Sideline and a commercial for Adler is on. Brad walks in and approaches Joel and tells him he doesn't have to worry about him and Suzie anymore because she loves Joel. Joel asks why Brad was so hung up on Suzie and that he could get anyone he wanted and that sex isn't the same as love. Brad starts to leave but turns around and asks Joel for a favor, he tells him he quit his landscaping job and that he's not cut out to be a gigolo and asks if there's a job opening at the extract plant. Joel says he's not going to give him a job and Brad starts to walk away again when Joel changes his mind and tells him to come by the office and fill out an application. Dean walks over and says he might be to blame for the mess, and that some people like Joel aren't meant to do drugs because they make bad decisions. At the house Suzie is cleaning the pool. Nathan walks in and asks for the check. Suzie tells him that they're not going. Nathan gets upset and says they should have told him that before he bought the tickets. She says no one agreed to go. Nathan says it sounded like they were going to go and now he bought non refundable tickets and says he wishes they had been clearer with him. Suzie decides to be clear and says if they say things like, I don't think so or I'm not sure or close the door in his face, it means NO. She also tells him that they don't like him because hes dull, he talks too much, he never listens, he's always in their yard, and calls him the worst neighbor in the world. He suddenly grabs his chest then collapses. Nathan is in a casket at his wake. Suzie and Joel sit separately. They run into each other again at the funeral and Suzie tells him she thinks she might have killed Nathan. Joel tries to console her and finds out that both of them agreed to go to the same charity dinner that Leslie asked them about because they felt so bad. She asks Joel about the woman he wanted to have an affair with. He tells her she was a criminal drifter. He also tells her he hired Brad at the factory because he felt sorry for him. They tell one another they'll see each other at the dinner. Joel is about to walk away but turns around and asks Suzie if they should just take one car. She agrees and they talk about how it was the longest they've ever seen Nathan with his mouth shut. Credits Roll 
 Spider-Man 2 (2004)541) Peter Parker is beset with troubles in his failing personal life as he battles a brilliant scientist named Doctor Otto Octavius. Peter Parker is an unhappy man: after two years of fighting crime as Spider-Man, his life has begun to fall apart. The girl he loves is engaged to someone else, his grades are slipping, he cannot keep any of his jobs, and on top of it, the newspaper Daily Bugle is attacking him viciously, claiming that Spider-Man is a criminal. He reaches the breaking point and gives up the crime fighter's life, once and for all. But after a failed fusion experiment, eccentric and obsessive scientist Dr. Otto Octavius is transformed into super villain Doctor Octopus, Doc Ock for short, having four long tentacles as extra hands. Peter guesses it might just be time for Spider-Man to return, but would he act upon it? Soumitra It's been two years since Peter Parker transformed into Spider-Man, and he is still trying to balance life perfectly. His love for Mary Jane is becoming much stronger, as he finds it hard to not let her down. His friendship with Harry Osborn is at risk, as the young Harry is frustrated with Spider-Man getting away with his father's death. And if this wasn't enough for the super hero, a new enemy is in town. Dr. Otto Octavius is involved in a freak scientific accident and becomes the dangerous Doctor Octopus. Film_Fan On the verge of a nervous breakdown, Peter Parker, now studying physics at the University of Columbia, learns the hard way that life has just got tougher. It's been only two short years since Norman Osborn's death in Spider-Man (2002) , and now, Mary Jane is giving up on Peter, he has lost his job, Aunt May faces imminent foreclosure, and he is missing classes. As Parker is trying to find his feet, still uncertain of whether he wants to be a crime-fighter or not, a freak accident in the name of science gives birth to a new super-villain: the obsessed, multi-tentacled mad scientist, Doc Ock. This time, when the world most needs him, Peter must choose between remaining faithful to his calling, or staying away from Mary Jane, the girl of his dreams. Will Peter Parker embrace his destiny as Spider-Man, New York City's defender? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter Parker is finding his double life increasingly difficult. Precariously struggling to balance his crime-fighting duties as Spider-Man with the demands of his normal life, Peter often finds his personal life taking a back seat. He loses a job delivering pizzas in Manhattan, faces financial difficulties, and struggles to maintain his physics studies at Columbia University. Moreover, he has become estranged from both love interest Mary Jane, who to Peter's disappointment is in a relationship, and best friend Harry Osborn who falsely accuses Spider-Man of murdering his father, and his Aunt May is threatened with foreclosure. Harry, now head of Oscorp's research division, has invested in the research of brilliant scientist Otto Octavius, Peter's idol. To perform a sustained fusion experiment, Octavius has developed a set of artificially intelligent mechanical arms, which are impervious to heat and magnetism. Though the experiment overloads and becomes unstable, Dr. Octavius refuses to halt it, with devastating results: his wife is killed; the neural inhibitor chip which prevented the advanced AI of the arms from influencing Octavius's own mind is destroyed and the arms become fused to his spine. Unconscious, he is taken to a hospital to have the appendages removed, but the tentacles develop their own ability to move at will and brutally kill the surgeons, and Octavius escapes. Uncontrolled, the tentacles begin to corrupt Octavius' mind, playing on his vanity and ego, and he decides he must complete his experiment at any cost. J. Jonah Jameson names him "Doctor Octopus" or "Doc Ock". In an effort to finance his experiments, Doc Ock attempts to rob a bank where Peter Parker and his Aunt May happen to be present. After a short glitch in his powers, Spider-Man manages to recover and soon the two take their fight outside the bank where Doc Ock takes Aunt May as a hostage. When Spider-Man rescues her, she revises her former opinion of him and realizes that he is a hero. Octavius escapes unharmed. During a party, Peter learns that M.J. is planning to marry J. Jonah Jameson's son, John Jameson, an astronaut. He also gets into a physical altercation with Harry, who is drunk because Octavius' failed experiment left Oscorp bankrupt; shortly after, Peter loses his powers while web-slinging across town; he is unable to spin webs, his ability to adhere to smooth surfaces fails and his spider sense is greatly diminished. Meanwhile, Octavius rebuilds his experimental reactor. Peter questions if he could ever have what he "needs", a life as Peter Parker, which involves a vision of Uncle Ben, and resolves to give up being Spider-Man, to which J. Jonah Jameson is delighted, having been given the abandoned Spider-Man suit. Back home, after visiting Uncle Ben's grave, Aunt May is distressed by Peter's confession that he was somewhat responsible for his Uncle Ben's death. Aunt May and Peter reconcile, and she tells Peter of the hope that Spider-Man brings to others, in spite of what dreams he may have to sacrifice. Peter attempts to re-connect with Mary Jane, but she informs him it is too late. In the meantime, Doc Ock has completed rebuilding his reactor, and needs one final item: tritium, a rare metal which fuels the reactor. He goes to Harry Osborn for it, dangling him over the edge of the Osborn mansion balcony when he refuses. Harry agrees to give Ock what he needs in exchange for capturing Spider-Man. Mary Jane meets Peter in a coffee shop to ask if he still loves her, but Peter tells her that he does not. Doc Ock, having been advised by Harry that Peter was the key to finding Spider-Man, destroys the coffee shop. Peter regains his spider-sense at the right moment to throw Mary Jane and himself out of the way of a thrown taxi, but Doc Ock abducts Mary Jane in a plot to lure Spider-Man into a trap. Peter's powers fully return, and he dons his costume (stealing it back from an infuriated Jameson) and engages Doc Ock in a battle, which starts off at the top of a bell tower and then on top of a train. During the battle, Octavius disables the brakes to the train, forcing Spider-Man to rescue the runaway train. Spider-Man manages to stop the train before it can plunge over the end of the track, but at great physical exertion. He nearly falls, but the people in the train catch him and see him without his mask on. They agree to keep his identity a secret and try to protect him from Doc Ock, but his mechanical arms are too much for them. Weak from his exertions Spider-Man becomes dizzy and faints and he is captured by Doctor Octopus and delivered to Harry Osborn. Harry unmasks Spider-Man and is shocked to discover that his sworn enemy is his best friend. Spider-Man awakens and convinces Harry to reveal Octavius' whereabouts so he can rescue Mary Jane, learning that Octavius is rebuilding his machine and threatening the world. Spider-Man finds Doctor Octavius in an abandoned warehouse on a waterfront pier, where he's restarted his fusion experiment. After battling with Doc Ock, Spider-Man manages to stun the villain with an electric shock. Peter then reveals his true identity to Octavius and pleads with him to stop the machine. Returned to his senses by the shock and determined to end his doomsday experiment before it causes more harm, Octavius uses his mechanical arms to collapse the floor of the building, successfully drowning the device at the cost of his own life. Mary Jane sees Peter without his mask on, but Peter tells her they can never be together, as he will always have enemies. Across town, Harry has visions of his father, the late Norman Osborn, in a hanging mirror. The illusion demands that his son kill Peter Parker to avenge his death. Harry refuses and hurls a dagger at the mirror, shattering it and revealing a secret room containing the Green Goblin's combat gear and the serum that gave him his super strength. At the end of the film, Mary Jane leaves her wedding and finds Peter in his apartment, telling him that she has decided to be with him despite the risks. She persuades Peter to finally let her in while accepting the need of his vows by letting him respond to a sudden call for help. She looks on in uncertainty as Spider-Man swings away. 
 Queer as Folk (II) (19992005)Summaries The lives and loves of a group of gay friends living in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Based on the British series of the same name, Showtime's 'Queer as Folk' presents the American version. Following the lives of five gay men in Pittsburgh, 'Queer as Folk' is a riveting drama full of sex, drugs, adventure, friendship and love. Although the creators of 'Queer as Folk' wanted to present an honest depiction of gay life, it is by no means a comprehensive depiction. In addition to the usual sexual escapades and relationships of the five friends, the show explores critical gay political and health issues. Anna <dimenxia@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 