nm0009470:

 Dr. Karage (20182019)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fauda (2015 )Summaries The human stories on both sides of the Israel-Palestine conflict. "Fauda" (Arabic for 'Chaos') depicts the two-sided story of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Doron, a commander of undercover Israeli unit, the Israeli Special Forces, operating inside Palestinian territories, and his team, are hunting down Hamas terrorist Abu-Ahmed. On the other side of the fence, the life of Abu-Ahmed and his family, who has thus far murdered 143 Israelis, will never accept the State of Israel, and will continue Jihad for as long as it takes. Doron Kavillio was once a member of an elite Israeli counter-terrorism team. Seeking the quiet life he has retired to own a vineyard. His peaceful existence is shattered when he learns that a Hamas military leader, the mastermind behind the deaths of scores of Israelis, a man he was convinced he had killed, is alive and well and planning another attack. He quickly rejoins his team in their hunt for Abu Ahmed. grantss It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Promise (2011 )Summaries A young British girl travels to Palestine, retracing the steps of her grandfather - a British soldier stationed there in the 1940s. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Whispering Embers (2005)Summaries Jamal is a thirty something man, facing the deterioration of everything he has ever believed in: the political party, Islam, and more importantly, traditional family life. He leaves his home to look for answers. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 