nm0011119:

 Dark Sense (2019)Summaries Simon, a young man with exceptional powers, tracks down a serial killer, battling not only his own demons but a government agency that has decided Simon is too dangerous to be allowed to roam free. Based on a bestseller by Peter Flannery. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Live Talk (2000 )Summaries Daily daytime show in which four women discuss news, topical issues and celebrity gossip. Despite its popularity, ITV decided to scrap the original format of "Loose Women" (1999) and instead opted for this condensed version, now filmed in Manchester instead of London. The basic feature of the four women discussing topical issues and inviting the viewers to call in remained, although there was now the noticeable absences of in depth interviews (with celebrities and news-worthy members of the public), and two main presenters - Jane Moore and the popular Trish Adudu (neither woman could travel to Manchester for "Live Talk"). Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The People Versus (2000 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Backstage (19992000)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 