nm0000604:

 Chicago (2002)761) Two death-row murderesses develop a fierce rivalry while competing for publicity, celebrity, and a sleazy lawyer's attention. Murderesses Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) (a chanteuse and tease who killed her husband and sister after finding them in bed together) and Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) (who killed her boyfriend when she discovered he wasn't going to make her a star) find themselves on death row together and fight for the fame that will keep them from the gallows in 1920s Chicago. Debpp322 In 1920s Chicago. Housewife Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) dreams of fame, Her dreams lead her to death-row, where she and another murdess, a vaudevillan named Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones), develop a rivalry while competing for for fame in the hope it will keep them from their fate. Huggo Nightclub sensation Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) murders her philandering husband, and Chicago's slickest lawyer, Billy Flynn (Richard Gere), is set to defend her. But when Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) also winds up in prison, Billy takes on her case as well - turning her into a media circus of headlines. Neither woman will be outdone in their fight against each other and the public for fame and celebrity. Jwelch5742 Fame hungry Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) dreams of a life on the Vaudville stage, and spends her nights jazzing it up in the bright lights of Chicago, continually hoping that she'll find her lucky break, and be shot into 1920's stardom, so able to flee her boring husband Amos (John C. Reilly). In awe of seductive club singer Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) (who is subsequantly arrested for the murder of her husband and sister - after discovering their affair), Roxie meets Fred Casely (Dominic West), a man who convinces her he can "make her showbiz career take off". However, after Roxie has undergone the "casting couch" treatment, and Fred has had his wicked way with her, he reveals that he has no more connections in show business than she does. This is the final straw for Roxie, and her constant anger at rejection explodes. She shoots Fred Casely and kills him. Upon discovering her infidelity, Roxie's husband Amos refuses to take the blame for the murder and Roxie is sent to jail, pending hanging. In jail, she finally meets tabloid darling Velma Kelly, currently receiving huge media attention for the double murder she committed earlier in the tale. Sharing the clink with Velma, are a collection of other sly females, all awaiting trial for the murders of their own partners. Velma is aloof to Roxie, however, the prison Warden, Matron Mama Morton (Queen Latifah), offers Roxie the opportunity of representation by slick Chicago lawyer Billy Flynn (Richard Gere). Billy is more a showbiz public relations agent than a legal lawyer, and minipulates the tabloids into thinking Roxie is no more than an innocent "good time girl" who took the wrong path, than a scheming murderess. The tabloids go crazy for the new girl on the cell block, and Roxie finally becomes a star. However, due to Roxie's new found fame, Velma is forgotten about. She is forced to approach Roxie with an offer of a part in her Vaudville act (filling the gap left by her murdered sister), but Roxie turns down her offer flat, thinking she needs no support in topping the bill. However, just as Velma's star fell, so does Roxie's, when Go-to-hell Kitty Baxter (Lucy Liu) arrives at the jail on a multiple murder charge, the press forget Roxie and now she and Velma are in the same boat. With one more trick up her sleave, Roxie manages to bring the media attention back onto her, and her day in court arrives. Billy is now ready to play the ultimate showman. Velma Kelly (Catherine Zeta-Jones) is the sexy vaudeville star who murders her husband and sister after finding them in bed together. Roxie Hart (Rene Zellweger) is the wannabe vaudeville star who kills her lover after finding out he was never going to make her famous. Enter Billy Flynn (Richard Gere), the greasy lawyer whose goal is not only to have his clients acquitted, but to make them legal legends. Billy, who apparently likes Roxie's angle (he tried to kill me) better than Velma's (I blacked out and can't remember a thing). With help from Matron Mama Morton (Queen Latifah), both women vie for the spot as Illinois' most famed murderess, but there's only room for one legend. "That's Chicago". tigerchick5655 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1924, Roxie Hart watches lead role Velma Kelly perform ("Overture/All That Jazz") at a Chicago theater. Wanting stardom for herself, she begins an affair with Fred Casely, who claims to know the manager. After the show, Velma is arrested for killing her husband Charlie and sister Veronica, after finding them in bed together. A month later, Casely admits to Roxie that he has no showbiz connections and just wanted to sleep with her. Enraged, she shoots him dead. She convinces her husband, Amos, to take the blame, telling him she killed a burglar in self-defense. As Amos confesses to the detective, Roxie fantasizes that she is singing a song devoted to her husband ("Funny Honey"). However, when the detective brings up evidence that Roxie and Casely were having an affair, Amos recants; Roxie furiously admits what really happened and is arrested. Ambitious District Attorney Harrison announces he will seek the death penalty. At Cook County Jail, Roxie is sent to Murderess' Row, under the care of the corrupt Matron "Mama" Morton ("When You're Good to Mama"). Roxie meets her idol Velma, but her friendship is rudely rebuffed. She learns the backstories of the other women there, including Velma ("Cell Block Tango"). On Morton's advice, Roxie engages Velma's lawyer, the brilliant Billy Flynn ("All I Care About"). Flynn and Roxie manipulate the press, reinventing Roxie's identity as an originally virtuous woman turned bad by the fast life of the city; she claims she had the affair with Casely because Amos was always working, but repented and dumped him for Amos, and Casely jealously attacked her ("We Both Reached for the Gun"). The press believe the story; praised by the public as a tragic heroine, Roxie becomes an overnight sensation ("Roxie"). Velma, unhappy at losing the public's attention, tries to convince Roxie to join her act, replacing the sister that she murdered ("I Can't Do It Alone"), but Roxie, now the more popular of the two rivals, snubs her just as Velma originally snubbed Roxie. Meanwhile, Kitty "Go-To-Hell Kitty" Baxter,[5] a wealthy heiress, is arrested for murdering her husband and his two lovers, and the press and Flynn pay more attention to her. To Velma's surprise, Roxie quickly steals back the fame by claiming to be pregnant. Amos is ignored by the press ("Mister Cellophane"), and Flynn, to create more sympathy for Roxie, convinces him that the child is Casely's, and that he should divorce Roxie in the middle of her predicament. Roxie over-confidently fires Flynn, believing she can now win on her own. However, when Katalin Helinszki, a Hungarian woman on Murderess' Row (who happens to be the only inmate to protest and insist on her own innocence), becomes the first woman in Cook County history to be executed by hanging, Roxie realizes the gravity of the situation and rehires Flynn. Roxie's trial begins, and Billy turns it into a media spectacle ("Razzle Dazzle") with the help of the sensationalist newspaper reporters and radio personality Mary Sunshine. Billy discredits witnesses, manipulates evidence, and even stages a public reconciliation between Amos and Roxie when she says the child is his. The trial seems to be going Roxie's way until Velma appears with Roxie's diary: she reads incriminating entries in exchange for amnesty in her own case. Billy discredits the diary, implying that Harrison was the one who planted the evidence ("A Tap Dance"). Roxie is acquitted, but her fame is eclipsed moments later when another woman, who had also shot her own husband, shoots her lawyer just outside the courthouse. Flynn tells her to accept it, and admits that he tampered with her diary himself, in order to incriminate the district attorney and also free two clients at once. Amos remains loyal and excited to be a father, but Roxie cruelly rejects him, revealing that she is not pregnant, and he finally leaves her. Roxie does become a vaudeville performer, but is very unsuccessful ("Nowadays"). Velma is just as unsuccessful, and again approaches Roxie to suggest performing together: a double act consisting of two murderers. Roxie initially refuses, but later accepts when Velma points out that they can perform together despite their resentment for each other. The two stage a spectacular performance that earns them the love of the audience and the press ("Nowadays / Hot Honey Rag"). The film concludes with Roxie and Velma receiving a standing ovation from an enthusiastic audience (which includes Flynn, Morton, the jurors and other acquitted murderesses), and proclaiming that, "We couldn't have done it without you". 
 Stan & Ollie (2018)431) Laurel and Hardy, the world's most famous comedy duo, attempt to reignite their film careers as they embark on what becomes their swan song - a grueling theatre tour of post-war Britain. The true story of Hollywood's greatest comedy double act, Laurel and Hardy, is brought to the big screen for the first time. Starring Steve Coogan and John C. Reilly as the inimitable movie icons, Stan and Ollie is the heart-warming story of what would become the pair's triumphant farewell tour. With their golden era long behind them, the pair embark on a variety hall tour of Britain and Ireland. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule, and with the support of their wives Lucille (Shirley Henderson) and Ida (Nina Arianda) - a formidable double act in their own right - the pair's love of performing, as well as for each other, endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public. With their golden era long behind them, Laurel and Hardy embark on a variety hall tour of Britain. Despite the pressures of a hectic schedule, the pair's love of performing, as well as for each other, endures as they secure their place in the hearts of their adoring public. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Laurel & Hardy, the world's favourite comedy double act, set out on a variety hall tour of Britain in 1953. Diminished by age and with their golden era as the kings of Hollywood comedy now behind them, they face an uncertain future. As they set out, crisscrossing the country, attendances are disappointingly low. But they've always been able to make each other laugh and as the charm and beauty of their performances shines through their audiences laugh too, and they re-connect with legions of adoring fans, old and new. The tour becomes a hit, but Laurel & Hardy can't quite shake the spectre of Stan and Ollies past; and long buried ghosts, coupled with Oliver's failing health, start to threaten their precious partnership. A portrait of the most tender and poignant of creative marriages begins to unfold as the duo, aware that they may be approaching their swan song, try to rediscover just how much they mean to each other. 
 Guardians of the Galaxy (2014)651) A group of intergalactic criminals must pull together to stop a fanatical warrior with plans to purge the universe. After stealing a mysterious orb in the far reaches of outer space, Peter Quill from Earth is now the main target of a manhunt led by the villain known as Ronan the Accuser. To help fight Ronan and his team and save the galaxy from his power, Quill creates a team of space heroes known as the "Guardians of the Galaxy" to save the galaxy. James Hake After discovering a mysterious orb in another part of the galaxy, Peter Quill from Earth, is now the main target of a manhunt led by the genocidal villain Ronan the Accuser. Being hunted across the galaxy, Quill gets lumped together with a group of misfits that need to learn how to get along before they can become the "Guardians of the Galaxy". ahmetkozan Kidnapped by aliens when he was young, Peter Quill now travels the galaxy salvaging anything of value for resale. When he comes across a silver orb however, he gets more than he's bargained for. The orb is highly desired many but by none so powerful as Ronan. When Ronan finally acquires it, it's left to Peter and his newfound friends Gamora, Drax, Groot and Rocket to stop him. garykmcd Nearly three decades after a close encounter of the fourth kind, the intergalactic outlaw, Peter Quill, aka Star-Lord, steals a precious artefact known as the Orb, intent on selling it. Now, the notorious scavenger has to form an uneasy alliance with his fellow inmates--Thanos' adopted daughter, Gamora; the former criminal, Drax the Destroyer; the genetically enhanced creature, Rocket Raccoon, and the plant-like organism, Groot--to thwart the evil plans of the radical Kree warlord, Ronan the Accuser. Are the mismatched Guardians of the Galaxy the cosmos' last hope? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Earth, 1988: Young Peter Quill ( Wyatt Oleff ) sits in the waiting room of a hospital, listening with headphones to "Awesome Mix Tape no. 1" on his Walkman. His grandpa ( Gregg Henry ) comes out and gets him so he can say goodbye to his mom, who is dying from a brain tumor. His mom gives him a present and tells him his father was an angel, and that Peter is just like him. She asks for his hand, but he's too scared to take it. Just then, she dies. The distraught Peter runs outside and is abducted by a spaceship. Morag, 2014: On the planet Morag, an adult Peter Quill, a.k.a. Star-lord ( Chris Pratt ), is searching for a mysterious Orb whilst listening to Awesome Mix Tape no. 1. He finds the Orb and takes it out of a laser enclosure. Almost immediately, he is ambushed by Korath the Pursuer ( Djimon Hounsou ) and his henchmen. After a shootout, Peter makes it to his ship, the Milano, and escapes. His father figure, Yondu Udonta, ( Michael Rooker ) who heads the Ravager platoon that raised Peter, calls and tells Peter to give him the Orb. Peter decides he's going to sell it on his own. After Peter hangs up, Yondu's men reprimand him for always being soft on Peter despite his constant betrayals, which Yondu brushes off, being more interested in finding out who else is interested in the Orb. Korath returns to the Dark Aster, a Kree warship led by a genocidal tyrant, Ronan the Accuser ( Lee Pace ), who seeks to destroy the planet of Xandar after their people killed his father and grandfather. Korath reports that he failed in getting the Orb and that it's in the hands of Peter. Ronan wants the Orb because he can trade it to Thanos in exchange for Thanos destroying Xandar. Ronan decides to send Thanos' daughter Nebula ( Karen Gillan ) after Peter, but her sister Gamora ( Zoe Saldana ) volunteers. Over Nebula's complaints, Ronan sends Gamora. On the planet Xandar, Peter takes the Orb to a broker ( Christopher Fairbank ) and asks what it is, because Ronan's goons are after it too. On hearing Ronan's name, the broker immediately backs out, not wanting anything to do with the orb, and removes Peter from the shop. Outside, Gamora jumps Peter and tries to retrieve the Orb herself. As they fight, they are ambushed by Rocket Raccoon ( Bradley Cooper ) and Groot ( Vin Diesel ), seeking to claim a bounty on Peter. ( Stan Lee has a cameo appearance as an old man on Xandar, chatting up a young lady. Rocket calls him a pervert.). Its not too long before Peter, Gamora, Rocket, and Groot are arrested by the Nova Corps, and after processing, are sent to a space prison called the Kyln. Pretty much everyone in prison wants to kill Gamora because she's the daughter of Thanos. One of the inmates, Drax the Destroyer ( Dave Bautista ), has a vendetta against her because Ronan killed his wife and daughter, so he wants to avenge them by taking the life of one of Ronan's family members in return. Gamora explains that she's not related to Ronan and she was planning on double crossing him. Peter argues in Gamora's favor. Meanwhile, Ronan is summoned to meet Thanos at his at his domain in an asteroid field. Ronan reports to Thanos ( Josh Brolin ) that Gamora is a traitor, and kills one of Thanos's underlings for showing disrespect to him. Thanos tells him to take care of her and get the Orb, threatening to kill him if he doesn't. He also notes that Gamora is his favorite daughter, which angers Nebula. Back a the Kyln, Gamora has a plan to sell the Orb to someone else. Peter, Rocket, and Groot agree to help and split the reward. Rocket has a plan to escape the prison. He needs one of the guard's wrist devices, a prisoner's prosthetic leg and a battery from a tall column in the prison. As he explains that it's very important to take the battery last, Groot grabs it first. The alarms go off and security droids fly in. Gamora goes to get a wrist device as Peter negotiates for the prisoner's leg. Drax decides to join in the escape, realizing that eventually Ronan will go after Gamora and then he can kill Ronan himself. Everyone gets the item they agreed to get, and they all make it to a guard station near the top of the prison. Rocket is surprised that Peter actually got the leg and says that he (Rocket) was only kidding, and he didn't really need it. Just as it seems that they have run out of time, Rocket rigs up the stuff to turn off the gravity in the prison and to use the security droids as jets to fly the guard station out of the prison. They escape, but Peter leaves the others, telling Rocket that he left something behind. It turns out that he is retrieving his Walkman with the Awesome Mix Tape from one of the guards. Yondu goes to his broker and finds out Peter still has the Orb. Threatening the broker with his arrow, he gets the man to reveal where Peter might have traveled. Everyone on Peter's ship gets to know one another better. They don't like each other at all. Soon they arrive at Knowhere (a space station built in the severed head of a Celestial) to meet with the Collector. While they wait for their appointment, Drax, Rocket, and Groot get drunk and gamble. Gamora and Peter bond over music. He explains that his mom made him the mix tape of her favorite songs. She listens and likes it. He asks her to dance, but she doesn't trust him. He says it reminds him of an old fable about other people who didn't dance, called Footloose. He makes a pass at her, but she says she's not one of the doe-eyed girls he's used to and she won't fall for his pelvic sorcery. Before they can meet with the Collector, Drax, Rocket, and Groot (all drunk) get into a big fight. Drax thinks Groot is dumb and Rocket is tired of people calling him a rodent. Peter talks them out of fighting. The Collector's assistant fetches them and they all go to meet him. Drax goes off on his own and makes a call to Ronan. The Collector ( Benicio Del Toro ) has a giant assortment of collectibles from all over the galaxy, including Howard the Duck and Cosmo the Soviet space dog. The Collector puts the orb into a kind of lathe, which unscrews the two halves of the Orb to reveal that it's a capsule for an Infinity Stone. The Collector explains that the Infinity Stones are six singularities created during the Big Bang. There are more of them and they can destroy planets. The Collector's assistant suddenly grabs the stone, trying to kill him. The Infinity Stone is poisoning her, and then she and everything in the area blow up. Most of the people survive, along with Cosmo. Peter and the others manage to escape with the Orb holding the Infinity Stone. They decide the safest place to take the stone is Nova Headquarters. It's too dangerous to be anywhere else. Suddenly the group is ambushed by Ronan and his crew, responding to Drax's call. Yondu's Ravager platoon also shows up, having tracked Peter down from the broker. Gamora, Rocket and Quill take off in single passenger ships while Nebula and some of Ronan's goons chase after them. Drax tries to fight Ronan, but gets beaten up badly. Nebula chases Gamora's ship above the atmosphere and blows it up. Nebula gets the Infinity Stone and leaves Gamora floating in space to die. Peter realizes that he can't allow Gamora to die, so he calls Yondu to tell him where he is, then exits his ship, and floats to Gamora, where he gives her his gas mask to keep her alive. Yondu arrives and collects Peter and Gamora with a tractor beam right before they can freeze to death. This is where we see that Yondu's ship is the same ship that abducted Peter as a child. Meanwhile, onboard the Dark Aster, Ronan tells Thanos that now that he (Ronan) has the Infinity Stone, he can cut Thanos out of the deal. Instead, he will destroy Xandar himself and then go after Thanos. He puts the Infinity Stone into his hammer. Back on Yondu's ship, Yondu is going to kill Peter for double-crossing him, but he reconsiders when Peter says that he has a plan to get the Orb back. Meanwhile on Knowhere, Drax, Groot, and Rocket decide to join forces and save Peter and Gamora from Yondu. They fly the Milano to Yondu's ship and threaten to blow it up with a special weapon Rocket built unless Yondu releases Peter and Gamora. Peter emerges from the crowd aboard Yondu's ship, and persuades Rocket that he doesn't need to be rescued. Now on board the Milano, Peter explains that they must prevent Ronan from touching the Infinity Stone to the ground of Xandar, which will wipe out the planet, and that he has a plan to stop Ronan. The others ask Peter if he really has a plan, or if he was lying. He says he has part of a plan. After much discussion, he says that he has 12% of a plan. Everyone scoffs, except Groot who says (translated by Rocket) that this is more than 11% of a plan. Rocket says that they will most likely die if they try to stop Ronan. Peter points out that they've already lost so much, that at this point they have nothing to lose. Slowly, each of them stands up and announces that he will join the fight against Ronan. Peter warns the Nova Corps that Ronan is coming to destroy them and they should get ready, telling them that they should believe his message, because he's not 100% a dick. Rocket's idea is to blow a hole in Ronan's ship so Peter, Groot, Drax and Gamora can board it. Gamora is going to cut the power for Ronan's security and then they're going to blow him up with a cannon that Rocket made. They start the plan. Rocket blows a hole in the Dark Aster and then helps Yondu and his men defend Xandar against Ronan's fighter ships. Yondu is shot down. On the ground, told to surrender, he instead uses his arrow to take out an entire platoon of goons. On the Dark Aster, Gamora and Nebula get into a big fight, while Drax, Peter and Groot go to the bridge of the ship. Dozens of Nova ships link together to form a giant net and slow the descent of the Dark Aster. Gamora finally beats Nebula, who falls, landing on a Ravager ship and commandeers it, throwing the Pilot of the ship out the window and flying away. Ronan orders his ships to kamikaze into Xandar. Rocket and Yondu's men shoot as many of the ships down as they can. Almost to the bridge, Drax kills Korath. Groot grows a long thin branch and thrashes a large number of Ronan's men. Eventually, everyone makes it to the bridge to fight Ronan. Again, he's too strong for them, but Peter manages to shoot Ronan with Rocket's super cannon, to no avail. Rocket crashes the Milano into the bridge and seems to have destroyed Ronan. The entire ship is plummeting towards Xandar, so Groot forms a giant nest around all of them for safety. Rocket is upset because he knows that what Groot is doing will end up killing him. Groot, who up to this point has only said "I Am Groot," responds with "We are Groot." The ship crashes. Everyone except Groot is okay. Groot is a pile of twigs strewn all about. The battle is not over though, because Ronan is still alive and well. He sarcastically calls Peter and his crew the Guardians of the Galaxy. As he raises his hammer for a final blow, Quill stands up and starts to dance to the song "Ooh-ooh Child," and challenges Ronan to a dance-off. Ronan is confused, until Peter reveals it was all one big distraction, as Drax and Rocket shoot Ronan's hammer at Ronan, releasing the Infinity Stone. Peter grabs the stone before Ronan can. Peter starts to be affected in the same way as the Collector's assistant. Holding the stone is going to kill him, but Gamora tells him to take her hand. He flashes back to when he didn't have the courage to take his mom's hand, and he now grabs Gamora's. Drax and Rocket hold hands with the others, and the power from the Infinity Stone is spread among the four of them, causing a burst of energy that vaporizes Ronan. Rocket collects one of the sticks that was once Groot. Yondu appears and demands the Stone as per his original deal with Peter. Peter hands him the Orb. As Yondu and his men take off, one of them notes that he likes Peter and he's glad they didn't take him back to his dad like they were supposed to all those years ago. Gamora is upset that Peter gave up the stone. Peter reveals that he switched the Orbs, and he still has the one with the stone. At Nova HQ, they turn over the Orb that contains the Infinity Stone and Peter learns he's only half human and half something ancient and unknown. They speculate that his nonhuman genes allowed him to hold the Infinity Stone without dying. There is a party on Yondu's ship. His crew is celebrating but Yondu looks suspiciously at the Orb and then decides to open it. In it is a troll doll. He smiles. Peter finally opens the present his mom gave him before she died. It's a cassette labeled "Awesome Mix Tape no. 2." He asks the Guardians where they want to go. Gamora says, "You lead, Star-lord." He asks if they want something good or something bad. He then decides they should do something that is both. Rocket holds a pot in which he has stuck the stick that he retrieved after Groot's sacrifice. We can see the face of a tiny Groot on the stick. End Credits During the credits, the baby Groot (slightly larger than in the previous scene) dances in his pot to Quill's 1980s music, with Drax in the background. The baby Groot stops when Drax looks at him, but he starts again when Drax looks away. After the credits: The Collector is sitting on the wreckage, drinking, when Cosmo the Soviet space dog comes up and licks his face. We hear a voice that says that's gross. The camera turns to reveal Howard the Duck sitting on a broken cage, drinking as well. 
 Walk Hard: The Dewey Cox Story (2007)Summaries Singer Dewey Cox overcomes adversity to become a musical legend. The up-and-down-and-up-again story of musician Dewey Cox, whose songs would change a nation. On his rock 'n roll spiral, Cox sleeps with 411 women, marries three times, has 36 kids, stars in his own 70s TV show, collects friends ranging from Elvis to the Beatles to a chimp, and gets addicted to - and then kicks - every drug known to man; but despite it all, Cox grows into a national icon and eventually earns the love of a good woman - longtime backup singer Darlene. Sony Pictures It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 