nm0001616:

 Honey (2003)541) Honey is a sexy, tough music video choreographer who shakes up her life after her mentor gives her an ultimatum: sleep with him or be blacklisted within their industry. Honey Daniels is a 22-year-old, sexy, tough-minded, part-black, part-Latina hip-hop dancer in New York's East Harlem who dreams of making it big as a music video choreographer. She teaches hip-hop dancing at a local youth center and encourages the local kids to attend to keep them off the streets and out of trouble. When luck shines on Honey in the form of a famous music video director, named Michael, who casts her in one music video, she's encouraged to make the transition from dancer to choreographer. But Honey's sudden success comes with a price when Michael refuses to take "no" for an answer to his sexual advances and then tries to sabotage her career by blackballing her out of the business. matt-282 In a poor neighborhood, the choreographer Honey Daniels works in a record store during the day and as a bartender in a night-club in the night-shift, and teaches dance to teenagers of her community. She dreams to be successful as a video-clip dancer. When she meets the video director Michael Ellis, she believes that her dreams have come true. When Michael discloses his real intentions with her, she decides to struggle for making her dream come true. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Honey is a 22 year old hip hop dancer and teacher living in New York, trying to make her way to the top. While dancing at the club where she works, a famous video director's assistant catches her on tape. She is cast in her first music video, and from there starts to choreograph. However, when she says no to her boss's advances, he fires her and ruins any possible future in dancing for her. Honey no longer has the money to buy a studio for the kids she teaches dance for so she and her students form a dance benefit. Sarah Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Honey Daniels ( Jessica Alba ) is a bartender and dance teacher at the local community centre in New York. Having dreams to make it as a backup dancer in music videos, Honey and rival Katrina ( Laurieann Gibson ) are recorded dancing one night in the club where she works. That same night, Honey and friend Gina ( Joy Bryant ) leave the club and encounter some kids dancing. Two of the kids are introduced as Benny ( Romeo Miller ), and his little brother Raymond ( Zachary Isaiah Williams ) who also plays his little brother in the Nickelodeon (TV Channel) show Romeo! Honey invites both to attend her classes at the community college, and they become inspiration for some of her moves as a Dancer. Honey soon catches the attention of Music Director Michael Ellis ( David Moscow ), who gives her a job as a back up dancer in Jadakiss' new video. Unimpressed with his current choreographer, Ellis decides to let Honey choreograph the video. Suitably impressed, Honey gets promoted, and choreographs for Tweet, Sheek Louch, and Shawn Desman. Having hit the big time in the music business, Honey reluctantly dates Hairdresser Chaz ( Mekhi Phifer ), and faces problems at the community centre. The building is old and falling apart, and Honey's mother runs the centre but is unsure if she will be able to maintain it. Deciding to do something about it, Honey finds an old store up for sale and decides to turn it into a dance studio for the local kids. Pressuring Honey to take up teaching Ballet classes, her parents refuse to help with the new dance studio. Honey gets a bank loan, and puts down a deposit. Meanwhile, Honey pitches an idea to Ellis for Ginuwine's new video, using the kids she teaches at the centre as the back up dancers, Ginuwine acting like an urban Pied Piper. Gina's 25th birthday comes up, and Honey makes plans to take her to Atlantic City, but Ellis convinces her to make an appearance at a black and White party instead, where he subsequently makes a drunken pass at her. She refuses his advances, slaps him on the face and Michael begins to have a major outburst at Honey and Honey leaves the party. Honey and the kids as background dancers dance for Ginuwine's new video but Michael is not impressed and hires Katrina to be in Ginuwine's new video and he fires her from Ginuwine's video, black balls her in the business, and installs Katrina in her place. Her friendship with Gina, although strained, improves, and she helps Honey realise she can still make her dreams come true. Honey struggles to pay the down payment on the studio, and eventually comes up with an idea to raise revenue. She holds a dance benefit, using an abandoned church that will be torn down for the event. Honey spends time getting to know Raymond and Benny, and is shocked to see Benny going down the wrong track. She visits him in Prison. She is determined to help him but he refuses and insults Honey. Honey informs Benny that his mother knows and he will be getting bailed out and Honey tries to reason with him but he tells her to go. Honey asks Benny how many times do his mates come and see him and he is visibly saddened by her question realising that his best friend Otis betrayed him and got him arrested and none of his friends visit him at all and leaves him to think about it in the benefits has a new video for Missy Elliott to choreograph, and she is unimpressed with Katrina's ideas. She insists on Honey Daniels, and Ellis goes crawling back to her, begging her to work for him. He offers to buy her the studio. She refuses, saying she does not need his money, and she will do it on her own. Gina is given a flier for the benefit, and takes it to the bank manager, who calls some donors to appear at the benefit. On the night, it is a full house, and Honey's parents, Benny's disapproving mother and Chaz among many others attend. While everyone is getting dressed and preparing for the performance.In the dressing room, Benny tells Honey that everything will be OK. Benny's mother is duly impressed with her son, and sees the future he has as a choreographer.The audience claps for everyone who danced. Honey embraces her new boyfriend Chaz and Benny and everybody else including her parents. R'n'B singer Tweet also attends, and gets on stage with Honey to celebrate her victory. Missy Elliott arrives at the benefit around the time it finishes, cursing her driver, saying she will have him fired if he's the reason she can't meet Honey. The credits roll, and feature Honey's successful music video for Blaque. 
 8 Mile (2002)321) A young rapper, struggling with every aspect of his life, wants to make it big but his friends and foes make this odyssey of rap harder than it may seem. The setting is Detroit in 1995. The city is divided by 8 Mile, a road that splits the town in half along racial lines. A young white rapper, Jimmy "B-Rabbit" Smith Jr. summons strength within himself to cross over these arbitrary boundaries to fulfill his dream of success in hip hop. With his pal Future and the three one third in place, all he has to do is not choke. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's 1995. Jimmy "B-Rabbit" Smith Jr. ( Eminem ) is a young and frustrated blue-collar factory worker. He has moved back north of 8 Mile to the run-down trailer home in Warren, belonging to his alcoholic mother, Stephanie ( Kim Basinger ), his younger sister, Lily ( Chloe Greenfield ) and Stephanie's abusive live-in boyfriend, Greg ( Michael Shannon ). Jimmy is focused on getting his rap career started. He seems to have stalled in progress; choking in the middle of a rap battle and getting booed off stage. Prior to the events of the film, Jimmy had broken up with his pregnant girlfriend, Janeane ( Taryn Manning ). During the film, Jimmy begins a new relationship with Alex ( Brittany Murphy ), who he meets at the factory he works in. Jimmy begins to realise that his life has remained pretty much the same since he graduated from high school.At first, he considers himself to be a victim of circumstances and blames others for his problems. Over time, Jimmy begins to take responsibility for his life and how much control he has over it. He questions whether his group of friends, including "Future" ( Mekhi Phifer ), are holding themselves back from moving onto bigger things. Jimmy appears to decide that he'll put his dream of a music career on hold so he can provide for his mother and sister. The rap battle acts as a final conflict between Jimmy and a rap group known as "The Leaders of the Free World." They have been harrassing Jimmy throughout the film. This starts with the deterioation of Jimmy's friendship with "Wink" ( Eugene Byrd ). Wink pesters Jimmy throughout the film, promising him that he has links to help them "get big" and he can hook Jimmy up with influential people. When Jimmy shows up at the studio, he finds Wink having sex with Alex. Enraged, Jimmy beats up Wink as Alex tries to break it up. This makes Wink team up with the "The Free World" and beats Jimmy up as his little sister, Lily watches inside the trailer. Jimmy is left with a black eye that is present at the final rap battle. Jimmy's boss is impressed by his new found responsibility, giving Jimmy the extra shifts he'd asked for at the beginning. A late night shift conflicts with a rap battle which Jimmy initially doesn't want to go to. A visit from Alex changes his mind. Paul ( Craig Chandler ), a gay co-worker who Jimmy stuck up for, agress to cover his shift. Throughout the film, Jimmy's friends constantly refer to him as an incredible rapper but we only see snippets of skills. The tournament consists of three rounds where Jimmy has to rap against a member of the "Free World." Jimmy wins two of the rounds with better rapping in each round. In the last round, Jimmy is pitched against "Papa Doc" ( Anthony Mackie ), the tournament's most feared rapper. Jimmy is aware that Papa Doc knows his weak points so Jimmy addresses them in his freestyle. He uses his 'white trash' background and the various inflictions the "Free World" have put upon him. He also acknowledges the difficult life he's had as a springboard to reveal the truth about Papa Doc; how he passes himself off as a thug but has actually come from a priviledged background. Jimmy makes a reference to the beat the DJ is playing (Shook Ones Part II), calling Papa Doc a 'halfway crook' which sends the crowd crazy. Papa Doc is left speechless, drops the mic and backs down. As Jimmy leaves the venue, Future suggests that he stay and celebrate his victory; offering him the position that would allow him to host battles at the Shelter. Jimmy refuses, stating that he needs to get back to work and do things his own way. Future accepts this and respects it. The final shot of the film sees Jimmy walking away from the shelter, looking more confident about his future. 
 Dawn of the Dead (2004)761) A nurse, a policeman, a young married couple, a salesman and other survivors of a worldwide plague that is producing aggressive, flesh-eating zombies, take refuge in a mega Midwestern shopping mall. Ana goes home to her peaceful suburban residence, but she is unpleasantly surprised the morning that follows when her husband is brutally attacked by her zombified neighbor. In the chaos of her once picturesque neighborhood, Ana flees and stumbles upon a police officer named Kenneth, along with more survivors who decide that their best chances of survival would be found in the deserted Crossroads Shopping Mall. When supplies begin running low and other trapped survivors need help, the group comes to the realization that they cannot stay put forever at the Shopping Mall and devise a plan to escape. Will Ana, a young beautiful nurse finishes her day-shift at the hospital to return home to her beloved husband, they make love and sleep together. The next day, after her husband is killed by her neighbor next door, he suddenly comes back to life. She discovers the chaos happening in her neighborhood and escapes from her home. Soon after coming to her senses in the woods, she encounters a cop and other survivors, they decide to find safety in a mall. Soon more survivors come and they learn that if they want to stay alive, they should stick together as the world is overrun by an army of undead. Can they survive the horror in this horrific global chaos? When there is no more room in hell, the dead will walk the earth. Emphinix On a day like any other in the middle of the summer a nurse named Ana just wants to spend some time with her husband, Luis. But something goes horribly wrong when Luis is bitten and Ana has to run to keep from dying. She wrecks her car and is saved by a cop named Kenneth. They run into a small group of survivors consisting of Michael a TV salesmen, Andre a common thug and Luda who happens to be Andre's pregnant wife. But what happens when the dead find the mall and have a craving for possibly the only living people left in the world? All Hell breaks loose. A small group of survivors manages to get into the Mall with the others but some are bitten which starts a controversy. Should they be killed or not? Alex Sturdivant Upon finishing a long shift working as a nurse, Ana goes home for a much needed rest. Not noticing the emergency television broadcasts, seeing the daughter of a neighbor tearing out her husband's throat sends Ana into survival mode. Fleeing from her home, she sees the extent of the carnage that has ensued in the world around her. Ana groups up with other humans who have not been infected in a bid to remain safe. They find a haven in an empty mall, which has the supplies they need for now. Planning ways to keep their numbers up while the zombie population increases dramatically, the group face a number of challenges. Trapped in the mall, they make plans to move on, in hopes of finding an infection free zone in which they can regain some sense of normality. ahmetkozan On the hottest day of the summer, a Milwaukee nurse named Ana has just gotten off work to cuddle up with her husband, not paying any attention to an emergency broadcast involving a plague that is sweeping the nation. When her next door neighbor, a little girl, wanders into her bedroom, she sinks her teeth into the neck of Ana's husband Louis and no sooner does Luis die from blood trauma, he's back on his feet and trying to bite Ana. Taking off in her car, Ana watches in horror as the city becomes a virtual 'hellzone' as people begin to feed upon people, until she crashes her vehicle. Rescued by tough lawman Kenneth, Ana and a group of other survivors decide to hide out at the local Crossroads mall where they begin to learn through news broadcasts that the plague is turning civilians into primal, carnivorous cannibals with an insatiable hunger for human flesh and the only way to take these bad boys down is by shooting them in the head (which should terminate all brain activity). The group decides to hold up at the mall until a rescue team can come back and pick them up, but problems begin to arise when the infected start making their way toward the shopping center in search of more survivors. Keno Reeves Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Ana (Sarah Polley), a nurse, finishes a long shift at her Milwaukee County hospital and returns to her peaceful suburban home. She and her waiting husband Louis (Justin Louis) make love and go to sleep, missing warnings beginning to trickle through the local media concerning a mysterious and rapidly-spreading contagion which turns its infected hosts into reanimated flesh-eating ghouls. The next morning they are awoken by their zombified neighbor, a young girl, who bites Louis in the throat. Ana locks the zombie out of the room, but despite her frantic efforts, Louis dies. When Ana unsuccessfully attempts to call 911 for help, Louis immediately awakens as a reanimated zombie, and chases Ana into the bathroom. Ana escapes out the window and flees from her now chaos-torn neighborhood in her car, before a failed hijacking attempt sends her crashing into a tree. The opening credits roll, showing the worldwide collapse of human civilization. Ana meets Kenneth (Ving Rhames), a grim police sergeant traveling to Fort Pastor, a nearby US Army base. With the route to the base blocked by zombies, they and three others - jack-of-all-trades Michael (Jake Weber), petty criminal Andre (Mekhi Phifer) and his pregnant Russian wife Luda (Inna Korobkina)- break into the nearby Crossroads Shopping Mall. Inside the mall, a scuffle with a zombified mall security guard results in Luda getting a minor bite-wound and Kenneth getting a cut on his arm. They confront three living security guards - C.J. (Michael Kelly), Bart (Michael Barry) and Terry (Kevin Zegers) - and give up their weapons in exchange for refuge. After the group secures the mall, they head up to the mall's roof to dispose of bodies and paint SOS signs. There, they "meet" another survivor, Andy (Bruce Bohne), who is stranded alone in his gun store, across the mall's zombie-infested parking lot. The next day, a delivery truck arrives at the mall, carrying the driver Norma (Jayne Eastwood), jerkish Steve (Ty Burrell), working man Tucker (Boyd Banks), elderly Glen (R.D. Reid), trampy Monica (Kim Poirier), bitten Frank (Matt Frewer) and his teen daughter Nicole (Lindy Booth), and an anonymous (and severely-injured) obese woman (Ermes Blarasin). These newcomers report that Fort Pastor has been overrun by zombies and no help is coming. Shortly after, the obese woman dies, reanimates and is killed by Ana, who thrusts a metal fireplace poker into her eye. The group determines that bites are how the zombies multiply their numbers; after Ana and Michael argue about what to do with the rapidly-deteriorating Frank, the man is isolated in a store with guard Kenneth, allowing him "every single second" before expiring. Michael and Ana achieve an awkward reconciliation, which is interrupted by Kenneth's shotgun blast as he destroys Frank's reanimated body. Though the mall provides many material distractions and the survivors begin pairing off romantically (Ana and Michael, Terry and Nicole, Steve and Monica), the undead surround the refuge in ever-increasing numbers. Finally the malls power goes out and Michael, C.J., Bart and Kenneth enter the underground parking garage to turn on the emergency generator. They meet a friendly dog (Blue) who appears unharmed nor infected. They question this when a zombie suddenly bites Bart, which attracts more zombies that forces the group to flee. While trying to avoid the horde, Michael and Kenneth reach the generator compartment and C.J. joins them when Bart is overwhelmed and killed by the zombies. They eventually work together to douse the zombies with gasoline and set them ablaze. Andre, faced with the fact that Luda will soon die, sinks totally into denial, and has his heavily-pregnant and infected wife tied to a bed in the mall's children's store. As she gives birth, she dies and reanimates. Norma checks on the couple, discovering the zombie-Luda and the demented Andre clutching a small bundle of blankets. Norma shoots Luda, causing Andre to snap completely; they exchange more gunfire and both are killed. Ana arrives on scene and opens the bundle to reveal a zombie baby. She pulls her revolver and a single shot rings through the mall. At an impromptu memorial, Kenneth says anything is better than "sitting around waiting to die". The remaining mall-dwellers thus plot to fight their way to the local marina, and from there travel out on Steve's small yacht to an island in Lake Michigan. They reinforce two small shuttle buses from the parking garage, removing the seats, welding on a snowplow, attaching metal bars and floodlights, stringing barbed wire, boarding up the windows, and cutting slits for the deployment of weapons. Chainsaws, propane tanks and other supplies are also loaded on board. Meanwhile, Andy is starving, and will not have the strength to join the escape (and contribute much-needed ammunition), so the mall survivors strap a pack of food on "Chips", the dog from the basement, and lower him into the parking lot in a sling. Unfortunately, while Chips makes it safely to the gun-shop, a zombie sees the dog and gets in as well and bites Andy. Nicole, distraught over Chips, takes the delivery truck and barges her way into the gun store, where a now-zombified Andy traps her in a closet. Kenneth, Michael, C.J., Terry, and Tucker gather their meager weapon supply and go into the sewers, while Steve is assigned guard-duty on their exit door. They reach the gun store, where they kill Andy, rescue Nicole and stock up on weapons and ammunition. A detonated propane tank is used to clear a path back to the sewers, but the zombies pursue them. Along the way, Tucker breaks his legs and, despite C.J.'s desperate attempts to pull him to safety, is attacked by the perusing zombies, forcing C.J. to shoot him dead out of mercy. Thanks to Steve's negligence, the zombies force open the exit door. The survivors pile into the buses and smash out into the parking lot, where another propane bomb is used to clear a path through the waiting horde. When Glen moves to take out a last hitchhiking zombie with a chainsaw, a sudden swerve sends the weapon slashing into Monica's shoulder. The resulting splatter of blood covers the windshield, causing driver Kenneth to lose control and crash. Glen and Monica are killed, while Steve flees the toppled bus and is attacked by the hitchhiking zombie. The others scramble for the second bus, meeting zombie-Steve en route. Ana shoots him dead, then must linger long enough to get the boat keys off his corpse, allowing more zombies to catch up with them. Ana flees back to the bus, where Michael helps her in. After a short struggle, they pull away and speed to the marina dock, where they crash the bus and dash for the boat. Cornered in the bus by their pursuers, C.J. detonates a final propane tank blowing up the vehicle, the zombies, and himself. The remainder of the group gets on the boat, except for Michael; he was bitten while helping Ana. Ana futilely pleads with him to come, and the boat sets sail with Terry, Ana, Kenneth, Nicole, and Chips. Ana watches unflinchingly as Michael draws his pistol, places it under his chin, and a final gunshot rings out over the water. The end-credits roll, interspersed with video footage taken by Terry, using a camera from the boat. Following a grim voyage where water, fuel and food supplies all run low, the remaining survivors succeed in reaching an island, only to be immediately attacked by a new swarm of zombies. As the survivors attempt to retreat to the boat, the camera falls to the ground and blacks out, leaving their ultimate fate unknown. 
 ER (19942009)Summaries The lives, loves and losses of the doctors and nurses of Chicago's County General Hospital. Michael Crichton has created a medical drama that chronicles life and death in a Chicago hospital emergency room. Each episode tells the tale of another day in the ER, from the exciting to the mundane, and the joyous to the heart-rending. Frenetic pacing, interwoven plot lines, and emotional rollercoastering is used to attempt to accurately depict the stressful environment found there. This show even portrays the plight of medical students in their quest to become physicians. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A TV medical drama that overlooks and chronicles the daily personal/working lives of a team of ER Doctors, Nurses, Patients and the people around them who work in Cook County General Teaching Hospital. Through this we see the heartbreak, triumph, loss and love they experience and sacrifice to try and save lives and to deal with their personal issues. kianhc It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 