nm0006419:

 Shattered (2007)Summaries A perfect family's dynamic is ruined by a kidnapper's brutally efficient plot. The happily-married couple of Neil and Abby Randall have worked very hard to create a healthy and safe bubble for themselves and their only daughter, Sophie. However, their seemingly idyllic life will start crumbling into pieces when, out of the blue, the determined and methodical gunman, Tom Ryan, holds them captive, as his cold-blooded accomplice uses Sophie for leverage. Now, Abby and Neil have no other choice but to do Tom's bidding if they want to keep their child alive--and with every task they successfully perform--they see a piece of their orderly life being robbed from them. But, why is this perfect stranger bent on destroying three innocents? Nick Riganas In Chicago, Neil Randall - family man and executive of an advertisement agency - has a perfect life. He expects to be promoted in his job soon, he has a beautiful and sexy wife, Abby, a lovely daughter, Sophie, and he lives in a wonderful house. When Neil's boss, Karl Granger, invites him to spend the weekend in his country cottage, Abby hires a nanny for Sophie, so Abby can spend the day with her sister, Diane. While driving Abby to meet Diane, a stranger who was hidden on the backseat appears with a gun, and informs them that he has kidnapped Sophie. He introduces himself as Ryan, and states that for twenty-four hours the couple will obey his orders, otherwise he will kill Sophie. By keeping the couple under his total control, he makes it clear that he is a calculating sociopath with nothing to lose, and the intention of destroying Neil's perfect life. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Firehouse Dog (2007)321) Rexxx, Hollywood's top canine star, gets lost and is adopted into a shabby firehouse. He teams up with a young kid to get the station back on its feet. Rexxx, Hollywood's top canine star, is best known for his extreme athletic abilities and diva-like demeanor. He gets lost and is reluctantly adopted into a shabby firehouse. He teams up with a young kid Shane Fahey who is ditching science class to get the station back on its feet. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rexxx, a much pampered celebrity dog with a rich diet and corresponding lifestyle is the victim of a stunt gone wrong. Believed to be killed in a headlong fall from a plane his Hollywood owner tearfully arranges a memorial service. In the meantime and miles away Rexxx with new-found street smarts become a street dog, outfoxes an animal control officer with his circus-like gymnastic ability and literally comes into contact with Shane Fahey (Josh Hutcherson) who is cutting school at the time. When all attempts to find his owner fail the dog is adopted by the son of the fire chief of the run-down and undervalued Dog Patch firehouse. His name at this point changes to Dewey, taken from the name tag he was wearing when he was originally found. Soon seen by all who come into contact with him as a Wonder Dog, he helps the boy to find a new purpose in life, rescues the regional fire chief, becomes a mascot for the struggling Dog Patch firehouse and assists in solving a mystery concerning the death of a family member, at the same time undoing a conspiracy that could result in the closure of the firehouse. When news of his amazing feats breaks out in the media he briefly returns to his original owners but is dissatisfied by the lack of activity and excitement there. When he hears a fire truck siren he runs off once again to join his new fire family. Reluctantly his owners realize that he is better off with young Fahey and give the dog to him so that he can continue to be the station mascot. 
 Alfie (2004)541) A cockney womanizer learns the hard way about the dangers of his actions. Finding it hard to settle down and commit himself to only one woman, the unrepentant philanderer and undeniable ladies' man, Alfie, is a charming British bachelor who cruises the streets of New York as a limousine chauffeur. In his impeccable suits, the silver-tongued Casanova is simply irresistible; however, things will take a turn for the unexpected, when a night of unrestrained passion seriously tests Alfie's frivolous approach to life. In the end, is Alfie happy, and, above all, what's it all about, then? Nick Riganas In Manhattan, the British limousine driver Alfie is surrounded by beautiful women, most of them clients, and he lives as a Don Juan, having one night stands with all of them and without any sort of commitment. His girl-friend and single-mother Julie is quite upset with the situation and his best friends are his colleague Marlon and his girl-friend Lonette. Alfie has a brief affair with Lonette, and the consequences of his act forces Alfie to reflect and wonder about his life style. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Alfie is quite the ladies man and rarely gets rejected when it comes to the opposite sex. He successfully has relations with multiple women without a hint of emotional attachment. A major (lifelong) problem arises when he sleeps with the wrong woman, namely his best friend's (and future business partner) ex-girlfriend. As a result, his life slowly comes into focus and he begins to appreciate the little things he always missed in the opposite sex. A must see for all guys who call themselves "players". Delmar Wright Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This is a remake of the 1966 film with Michael Caine as Alfie. Jude Law now plays the title role of Alfie. The film uses the same speaking technique as the original, with Alfie talking directly to the camera when he is talking about women. The audience gets the inside information on women, as if we were part of the show. Alfie is from England living in Manhattan, working as a limousine driver. Alfie wants to some day own the limo business, but right now he is chauffeuring the rich around town, and sometimes making love to the lonely female passengers in the backseat of the limo. Alfie is very charming to women and knows what they want to hear. Alfie's goal is to make love to as many beautiful women as he can with no commitment or responsibilities, before he finds his soulmate. But Alfie finds that life is not that simple, and he will have to take responsibility for his actions. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 Paycheck (2003)761) What seemed like a breezy idea for an engineer to net him millions of dollars, leaves him on the run for his life and piecing together why he's being chased. Michael Jennings is a reverse engineer and what he does is technical jobs for certain companies and as soon as he is done, his memory of the work he has done is wiped out. Now the longest he has been contracted is 2 months. But now billionaire, James Rethrick offers him a job that would last 2 years, maybe 3, and he promises that he will probably earn 8 figures. Michael agrees. Before beginning he turns in all of his personal effects. And when the job is done, his memory is erased and he learns he made over 90 million dollars over the three years. When he goes to claim it and his personal effects, he discovers that prior to the erasure of his memory he waived his rights to the money he earned and that the items that were given to him were not the ones he gave when he began. Later he is arrested by the FBI who say that he committed some act of treason and murder. It's while he is in custody that he escapes using some the items that he was given. He later meets with a friend who gives him some information that helps him understand what is going on. And at the same time Rethrick for some reason wants him so he is being pursued by Rethrick's people. rcs0411@yahoo.com Jennings is the best reverse-engineer in the business. He is hired by clients to take apart other companies technologies and find out how they work. He is hired to do a special job, against the advice of some of his associates. When the job is completed, all memory of what he has been working on is erased from his mind. That's when his problem really start to begin. He is hunted for something he has no recollection of doing and has only a little time to work it out. He has sent himself 19 seemingly unconnected objects, before his memory was wiped, to allow him to put the puzzle together and discover just what has gone on and what he has done. But the authorities are after him and time is very quickly running out. Alan Scott Jennings is an engineer who works for a company and uses their rivals' technology, alters it slightly, and has his memory wiped after each job. When he is offered a job by James Rethrick, he is told that the job will take three years and his mind will be wiped afterwords. Against the advice of his friend Shorty, he takes the job. When his mind is wiped, he heads to the bank to collect his multimillion fee where it turns out that he, during the erased three years, signed the money away and exchanged it for a group of nineteen seemingly worthless items. This film follows his efforts to uncover the secret of just what he was working on, what the items are for, evading arrest, and exploring his relationship with Rachel Porter (Thurman), a bioscientist, who is a vital part of triggering what is left of the scraps of memory left to him. anonymous A computer engineer named Jennings awakens one day to discover that the last three years of his life and the work he did for a man named Rethrick during that time has been erased from his memory. He also learns that he agreed to the three years secret work and erasure in exchange for a huge sum of money. But when he goes to collect his paycheck, Jennings learns that before his memory was erased, he gave up the money in exchange for a small bag of worthless clues and trinkets. When the feds come looking for him, Jennings must go on the lam and try to put together the last three years so he can prove his innocence. Using the strange trinkets he previously left for himself, he goes on a journey in search of Rethrick, for whom he used to work, and how he knew that these worthless items would save his life. Chuck Sambuchino Jennings, an engineer who has had part of his memory erased, struggles to to find clues to his whereabouts for the past two years. Turns out his employer did the evil deed as a security measure, leaving him only with a collection of random objects to help him reconstruct his past. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the near future, Michael Jennings is a reverse engineer; he analyzes his clients' competitors' technology and recreates it, often adding improvements beyond the original specifications. To protect his clients' intellectual property and himself, Jennings, with the aid of his friend Shorty, undertakes a memory wipe to remove knowledge of his engineering. Jennings is approached by his old college roommate, James Rethrick, the CEO of the successful Seattle technology company Allcom. Rethrick proposes a lengthy three-year reverse engineering job to Jennings, requiring him to live on Allcom's secured campus until its conclusion but rewarding him handsomely with company stock. Jennings agrees, and after arranging for his long-term absence, arrives at Allcom, turns in his personal possessions, and is given a brief tour of the facility where he meets and flirts with botanist Dr. Rachel Porter. He is injected with a long-term memory marker for the post-job memory wipe. Three years later (June 2007), at the conclusion of the memory wipe, Jennings is sitting in Rethrick's office, being thanked for a successful job. On returning home, Jennings finds that while the Allcom stock has become quite valuable (around 500 billion dollars), he had signed away his share near the end of his tenure. Furthermore, he finds that his personal possessions have been replaced with an envelope containing a random assortment of everyday items. He is soon captured by the FBI on charges related to the death of physicist William Dekker. Jennings is able to escape custody, finding that the items in the envelope can be used at the right time to evade capture. After warning Shorty of his plight, he finds the items pointing him to a cafe meeting with Porter. Rethrick, who has been watching Jennings' movements, discovers a message to Porter of this meeting and sends a body double to take her place to try to recover the envelope. The real Porter shows up and helps Jennings escape from both the FBI and Rethrick's men. They take shelter at a local school, examining the remaining items in the envelope while Porter tries to convince Jennings of the relationship they shared during his tenure at Allcom. One of the stamps holds a microdot that, on enlargement, reveals several pictures taken from a machine's display showing Allcom becoming financially successful with a device that can see the future, but ultimately leading to political strife and nuclear war. Jennings realizes he must have built this device using Dekker's knowledge, and on realizing the horrors that will come, prepared the envelope using the forecasts from the machine to allow his future self to return to Allcom and destroy the unit. Furthermore, as Rethrick shortly discovers, Jennings rigged the device to malfunction, preventing Rethrick from anticipating Jennings' actions. Jennings and Porter return to Allcom and make their way to the machine room undetected, jamming the door behind them. Jennings determines the location of the defective circuit and removes it, subsequently rigging the machine to explode in a few minutes. Jennings uses the machine one last time, seeing a vision of himself being shot by an FBI agent in the catwalks above the machine. Soon, Rethrick's men storm the room, and after a brief firefight, Jennings and Porter escape to the catwalks. Rethrick is waiting there, holding them at gunpoint, the same tableau Jennings previously saw. When Jennings' watch, taken from the envelope, beeps, Jennings ducks in time to avoid the FBI agent's bullet which ends up killing Rethrick. The machine is destroyed, and Jennings and Porter escape from the FBI in the chaos. When the FBI agents arrive and investigate, they take sympathy and report Jennings killed in the destruction. In the film's conclusion, Jennings, Porter, and Shorty have opened a greenhouse nursery. Jennings recalls a fortune cookie note from the envelope, and discovers one last act he had done with the machine, predicting the results of a 90 million dollar lottery and leaving the winning ticket in Porter's birdcage. 