nm0000692:

 Predator 2 (1990)761) The Predator returns to Earth, this time to stake a claim on the war-torn streets of a dystopian Los Angeles. LAPD lieutenant Mike Harrigan ( Danny Glover ) and his cocky detective partner Jerry Lambert ( Bill Paxton ) soon realize that what seemed a bloody feud between voodoo high priest King Willie's ( Calvin Lockhart ) Jamaican gangs and Ramon Vega's ( Corey Rand ) Colombian drug gang is actually the work of a scary third party. Peter Keyes's ( Gary Busey ) federal team shields the crime scene even for the LAPD, but after forensics proves it must be an alien, who keeps making victims, the chase brings them all together. KGF Vissers Against the backdrop of a sweltering summer and a relentless turf war between armed-to-the-teeth Jamaican and Colombian street gangs in 1997 Los Angeles, someone is picking off drug lords and innocents alike. But, it's been more than a decade since the last sighting of the mighty hunter from the stars in Predator (1987) , and, unexpectedly, Lieutenant Mike Harrigan catches a glimpse of the extraterrestrial killer's active camouflage. Now, as Harrigan disobeys a direct order, the grizzled police officer is on the trail of the alien bone collector, in a desperate attempt to clean up the city's mean streets. And, once more, in this concrete urban jungle, humans are in season. Will Harrigan challenge the Predator, the ultimate interstellar hunter, to a bloody death-match? Nick Riganas Lt. Harrigan ( Danny Glover ) is a cop fighting the good war against drugs. But recently, the major drug lords have been killed off in a very brutal fashion. His superiors tell him to stay out of it, but Harrigan knows that something is wrong. His instincts are right when he discovers that the person behind the murders is none other than the Predator ( Kevin Peter Hall , the human-hunting alien who likes to make trophies out of his victims' skulls. But how can Harrigan stop the Predator when it can turn invisible and kill him without him knowing it? Will Mike Harrigan ( Danny Glover ), a brash policeman who is fighting drug lords in a decaying L.A. finds that the criminals are being killed in a very odd fashion. The federal authorities keep telling him to stay out, even though his own men are also being killed. He catches sight of a nearly invisible alien hunter ( Kevin Peter Hall ) who is searching for trophies. Harrigan injures the creature and pursues it, becoming the hunter. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> While fighting a battle with drug lords, a police lieutenant ( Danny Glover ) discovers a being that slowly starts to slaughter the criminals in a sadistic fashion. As the invisible hunter ( Kevin Peter Hall ) kills off the drug lords and fellow officers, the lieutenant discovers that the visitor, an extraterrestrial big game hunter ( Kevin Peter Hall ), has targeted him as its next victim. Although his superiors prohibit him from taking any action, the police chief sets out to end the ordeal. Kerwin Tsang <ker@pacific.net.sg> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Los Angeles, 1997. The temperature in the city stands in the high 90s. In the streets, the LAPD and Colombian gangsters are fighting a pitched battle that the police are rapidly losing. Efforts to rescue two wounded cops in the No-Man's Land between the cops and gangsters have failed and backup is unavailable. Lieutenant Mike Harrigan bursts onto the scene. Harrigan arms himself and drives his car directly at the front lines, giving his comrades the chance to save their wounded friends. The Colombians seize the chance and retreat into a nearby building that serves as their stronghold. While the Colombians arm themselves they are attacked by an invisible enemy and slaughtered. Only the gang's leader, El Scorpio, makes it out, shooting wildly at Harrigan and his team. The hysterically terrified El Scorpio escapes to the roof, with Harrigan behind. On the roof, El Scorpio spots a distorted human figure and raises his guns to shoot. Harrigan shoots the man, who falls off the roof and is killed. Moments later, Harrigan catches a glimpse of the same distorted figure which instantly vanishes. In the room where the gangsters were arming themselves, Danny notices that one of them has been stripped naked and hung upside down about 40 feet above the floor. Marveling at the strength needed to perform such a task, Danny turns away and the body is pulled up by unseen hands. Outside the building, Harrigan is met by his captain, Heinemann, and told that he disobeyed direct orders. Harrigan argues with him, citing the war they're fighting an losing in the streets to better armed Colombian drug dealers who also have greater numbers. Adding to the mayhem is another faction, Jamaican gangsters, who are also fighting the cops and use brutal terrorist acts against their Colombian enemies. Back at his precinct, Harrigan is lectured by his other captain, who informs him that a federal investigation, lead by a man named Peter Keyes, is not to be interfered with. Keyes claims that his team is trying to stop the Colombian and Jamaican gangs from establishing an empire on the west coast. Harrigan agrees not to interfere in Keyes' work. Harrigan also welcomes a new member to his team, Jerry, a smart-mouthed and cocky detective. In a luxury apartment, Ramon Vega, the leader of the Colombian gangs is having sex with his girlfriend when they're interrupted by Jamaican gangsters. They hang him upside-down and cut his heart out as part of a voodoo ritual. They are suddenly attacked by an invisible enemy using superior weaponry. All of them are viciously slaughtered. When Harrigan and his crew arrive on the scene they enter the apartment against orders and find several bodies hung from the ceiling, skinned. Vega's girlfriend is the only survivor. Keyes enters the room and orders them all out. His own crew begins to examine the room, using unusual gadgets. Also in the room is a sleazy reporter, Tony Pope, who films much of the carnage. Everyone is ejected from the room and the woman who survived is taken away in an ambulance. Danny and Harrigan agree to meet at the scene later that night and conduct their own investigation. Danny arrives first and looks around the room. Seeing what appears to be a trail of claw-marks leading up a decorated column, he climbs up. In the rafters, he spots a small object embedded in an air-conditioner. He pulls it loose and examines it; it appears to be a spear-tip of some sort. Suddenly, he hears Harrigan's voice nearby and loses his footing and falls. An arm catches him and Danny looks up to see a large figure holding him by the ankle. The figure drags him back up and kills him. As he dies, Danny's necklace falls to the floor and is splattered with his own blood. Harrigan finds himself in Captain Heinemann's office. The captain reprimands him harshly for Danny's death and continuing to interfere with Keyes' investigation. Harrigan leaves the meeting angry and confronts Keyes in the station's lobby, telling him that he's motivated by revenge and will find Danny's killer himself. Strangely unoffended, Keyes tells him that the magnitude of the situation is beyond his comprehension. At the police forensics lab, Harrigan has a doctor examine the spear tip he recovered from Danny's body. The doctor determines that the metal isn't found on the Periodic Table of Elements. She also tells Harrigan about how Danny was murdered: by a sharp-edged weapon that cleaved Danny's heart. Harrigan tells Danny's wife, Leona, to arrange a meeting with King Willy, the leader of the Jamaican gangs, with the intention of sharing information about their mutual nemesis. Harrigan also meets with Jerry, who has done some surveillance on Keyes. The survivor of the attack in Vega's apartment was taken away in a helicopter and Jerry has been unable to find her. As he and Harrigan leave the bar, they are met by a large limo filled with Jamaican gangsters. Harrigan joins them and is taken to an alley where he meets King Willy. Willy, a voodoo practitioner, mysteriously tells Harrigan that the enemy they both face comes from a netherworld he can't understand. Harrigan leaves without answers. Just after he goes, the predator jumps to the ground behind Willy and walks through a small pool of water. The water causes an electrical disturbance on the predator's body and it becomes visible. It challenges Willy to blade combat and Willy loses. The predator carries Willy's severed head away and is seen cleaning the tissue off the skull for a trophy. Harrigan calls Jerry and Leona at the forensics lab. The doctor tells them that the only lead she has is from evidence collected at the scene of Danny's killing: whomever killed him left traces of debris that came from a slaughterhouse. Harrigan and Jerry recall that Jerry had lost track of Keyes in LA's meatpacking district. Harrigan tells them to meet him there. Harrigan goes to the cemetery to pay his respects to Danny. While he's there, he sees Danny's necklace hanging from a tree limb. Startled, Harrigan, looking around for his enemy, grabs the necklace and realizes the predator is stalking him specifically. Moments before, a small boy plays in the cemetery with a toy gun. The predator targets the boy but does not kill him when it realizes the boy poses no threat because he's unarmed. On the subway to the slaughterhouse district, Jerry and Leona encounter a group of gang members harassing a passenger. The passenger pulls a gun on them and the gang members do the same, prompting several other commuters to pull their guns as well. As Jerry and Leona try to defuse an impending slaughter, the predator jumps onto the roof of their car and enters it. It wades through the passengers, killing anyone who possesses a weapon. Leona is able lead most of the passengers out of the car and to the opposite end of the train. While she does, she sees Jerry shooting at an invisible target. Jerry's bullets have no effect and he leaps at the predator with a large knife. Leona pulls an alarm that stops the train and she guides the passengers out of the platform. She walks back to the last car and finds Jerry and a couple of commuters hung by their ankles and dead. The predator suddenly appears and grabs her. Looking her over with it's infrared vision, it sees that she's pregnant. Harrigan arrives on the scene and sees the carnage. Jerry's body is gone and he walks down the tunnel, searching. He spots the predator ripping Jerry's skull and spinal column from his body. Harrigan chases it to street level. He steals a police car and chases it several blocks until he's stopped by Keyes' men. Taken to a high-tech command center, Keyes explains that the predator is an alien that uses advanced weaponry. He tells Harrigan about a commando team that encountered another of these creatures in a Latin American jungle 10 years prior. Keyes says that they believe the alien can only track it's prey using infrared technology and that his team, intending to capture it and study it, will wear special suits that will insulate their body heat and make them invisible. At the same time, they will dust the slaughterhouse with radioactive particles that will make the alien visible. Their ultimate goal is to freeze the alien with frozen nitrogen. The predator comes to the location every couple of days to eat the beef there. Keyes tells Harrigan to stay in the command center and observe. Keyes and his team move into the slaughterhouse. Their equipment functions well at first, until a couple of team members step on a creaking stair. The predator, hearing the noise, uses a small control panel to adjust it's vision enhancer, which changes several times until it's able to see the beams from the lights the team are using. Harrigan tries to warn Keyes that they've been spotted but the team is attacked by the predator, which kills nearly all of them. One of the teams sprays a smoke detector with nitrogen, setting off the warehouse's sprinkler system. Harrigan leaves the command center, arms himself and blows down the door just as the predator fires a blast from it's laser cannon at Keyes. Harrigan shoots at the predator, damaging its laser cannon. The alien tries to activate it's cloaking system but the water falling from the ceiling prevents it from becoming invisible. Harrigan shoots the predator several times with a shotgun, blowing it onto its back. He approaches it slowly and removes it's helmet, studying it briefly before it wakes up suddenly and throws Harrigan backwards. The predator finally corners Harrigan and is about to kill him when Keyes intervenes, trying to blast the monster back with frozen nitrogen. Keyes tells Harrigan to retreat just as the alien throws a smart disk, cutting Keyes in half. The predator retreats to the roof of the building, using a breathing mask. It throws its large hunting spear at Harrigan and misses. Harrigan uses the spear to push the alien and himself off the building, where they both hang onto a ledge. The predator activates a timer connected to a small nuclear charge. Before the charge can go off, though, Harrigan uses the alien's smart disk to sever it's arm, deactivating the bomb. The alien falls down the side of the building, catching a large pipe and crashing into an apartment bathroom. It uses an elaborate first aid kit to heal it's wounds and again retreats. Harrigan follows it, falling into a cavern below the building where the alien's spacecraft has been hidden. Inside the spaceship, Harrigan finds a small shrine of sorts with skulls of humans, animals and aliens. The predator once again attacks Harrigan who fights it off and kills it with its smart disk. After it falls dead, several more predators appear and carry their fallen comrade off. The last one to leave looks over Harrigan briefly and tosses him a flintlock pistol, a trophy from a previous hunt. Engraved on the pistol is the original owner's name and the year 1715. Harrigan hears the ship starting up and runs out to cover just before the blast from the engines fills the cavern. As the dust- and soot-covered Harrigan walks out of a tunnel he meets one of Keyes' assistants, who, upon seeing the haggard Harrigan, leaves him. 
 Marked for Death (1990)321) A retired DEA agent is out to hunt down and take out a Jamaican drug posse that has targeted he and his family for murder. Chicago DEA agent John Hatcher has just returned from Colombia, where his partner was killed in the line of duty by a drug dealer who has since been taken down. As a result of his partner's death, John has decided to retire, but his retirement may not be permanent. On the next day, after reuniting with his sister Melissa and Melissa's daughter Tracy, John gets into a shootout against a Jamaican drug kingpin known as Screwface, taking down some of Screwface's men. John brings himself out of retirement when Screwface retaliates by attempting to kill Melissa and Tracy. After the shooting, John is reunited with two old friends - a local high school football coach named Max, and a Jamaican Chicago cop named Charles. John and Max set out to hunt Screwface down, only to discover that Screwface has gone back to Jamaica. John and Max take Charles with them to Jamaica for an all out war against Screwface and his drug empire. Todd Baldridge <sandib@eastky.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Colombia, DEA agent John Hatcher (Steven Seagal) drives to a meet with drug dealers. He plans to bust them for trafficking cocaine and has sent his partner Chico (Richard Delmonte) ahead to work out some of the details. They soon find themselves chasing one of the thugs (Danny Trejo) and catch him. Hatcher uses martial arts to take the guy down. When the thug won't tell him anything, he tapes his mouth shut and stuffs him in the trunk of their car. Hatcher meets with his contact in a sleazy stripper bar. He and Chico approach the back room of another contact, however one of the strippers opens fire on them, hitting Chico in the chest. Hatcher opens fire on her room, killing her and is horrified that he killed a woman. Hatcher returns to his home base of Chicago and visits a priest, confessing that he's dealt drugs, slept with female informants and that he shot the woman in what he thinks was cold blood. The priest tells him to take some time out and visit his family. John goes a step further, announcing to his commanding officer that he's going to retire. One night, John and his friend Max (David), a local high school football team's head coach, go to a bar. A gun fight breaks out between local drug dealers and a Jamaican gang called the Jamaican Posse, whose leader is a drug kingpin known as Screwface (Basil Wallace). Hatcher arrests one of Screwface's henchmen as the gunfight ends. Hatcher disappears from the scene before his CO shows up. The local detective on the scene thinks Hatcher was involved even though he'd fled. Nearby is a chalked voodoo symbol found by a professor named Leslie, who, along with Jamaican police investigator Charles (Tom Wright), determines that the symbol is Screwface's mark. The next day, Screwface and some of his henchmen get revenge by shooting up the house that John, his sister Melissa (Gracen), and Melissa's 12-year-old daughter Tracey (Harris) live in. Tracey gets shot and is hospitalized in critical condition. Hatcher encounters a gangster named Jimmy Fingers (DiBenedetto) and unsuccessfully tries to get him to tell him where Screwface might be and is forced to kill him. Another Jamaican named Nesta (Evans) arrives and Hatcher is able to sit him down but Nesta tells him to go after Screwface alone and jumps out the window to his death. When asked what happened, John finds the blood symbol used by the Posse during the murders vandalized on a carpet the next day and gets information about it from a Jamaican voodoo and gang expert named Leslie (Pacula) who works part time as a detective. Hatcher comes out of retirement to join Max in a battle against Screwface. While John is in the detective's store, Melissa makes a phone call to him but is cut short when Screwface and his men invade into Hatcher's home and attempts to murder Melissa but they leave upon Hatcher's arrival. The next day, Hatcher and Max get into a fight with three of Screwface's henchmen during a car chase. The fight moves on to a mall after the henchmen's car crashes and the duo kill all three men there. At the house of Leslie, Hatcher now realizes that the only way to stop the Jamaican Posse is to bring down Screwface. The two team up with Charles (Wright), a Jamaican Chicago police officer who has been trailing Screwface for five years (since 1985). They gather all the weaponry they need from a local weapon dealer; machine guns, submachine guns, pistols, Suppressors (silencers), remote control bombs and head for Kingston, Jamaica to find Screwface. Upon their arrival, Max and Charles ask everyone in the streets for the location of Screwface's hideout. They meet a local Jamaican who presents them a photo of a woman who knows Screwface. Hatcher meets her in a club and she gives the address of Screwface's mansion. The woman also gives Seagal's character a cryptic clue about Screwface, stating that "The secret of ScrewFace' power is that him have (sic) two heads and four eyes." At night, Hatcher, Max and Charles (disguised as a Posse) head for Screwface's mansion where there is a party. They secretly infiltrate the premises through a plantation area nearby. Hatcher guns down three of the henchmen at the balcony and goes to a nearby power station and plants a bomb. He infiltrates the inner grounds by climbing on the roofs while Max and Charles monitor the activities. Hatcher detonates the bomb causing the party to erupt in mayhem and gunfire. Hatcher enters the building and disposes every henchmen. He finds a sacrificial area and is captured by Screwface and his remaining henchmen. Hatcher is able to break free and kills every henchmen before fighting Screwface. During the swordfight, he kicks dust to Screwface and puts the sword to Screwface's genitals and decapitates him. Back in Chicago, Hatcher displays Screwface's severed head to the Jamaican Posse to get them to leave town. However, Screwface's identical twin brother, who runs the Chicago Posse crime business arrives and kills Charles making the gang and the audience believe that Screwface returned from the dead where in fact he actually committed all the Screwface crimes in Chicago, such as trying to murder Hatcher and his sister. The meeting erupts into chaos and the gang open fire on the duo. While Max holds off the henchmen in the gunfight, Hatcher kills more gang members before dealing with Screwface's brother in a swordfight. The fight moves to the nightclub where Hatcher kills Screwface's brother by gouging his eyes and blinding him, breaking his back and dropping him down an elevator shaft, in which he gets impaled upon landing. The gang looks at their dead boss and with both the Screwface's dead are presumed to be arrested at the film's ending. The final scene shows Hatcher carrying Charles' body with Max limping next to him who was shot in the leg before the film ends with Jimmy Cliff's John Crow in the credits. 
 The Banker (1989)Summaries High-priced prostitutes are being systematically murdered, their corpses mutilated, and a bizarre South American symbol painted in blood is found at the scene. The cop investigating is out to solve the crime before his ex wife, a reporter, becomes the next victim. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Savage Beach (1989)Summaries DEA agents flying cargo as part of their cover make an emergency landing on a remote island in the pacific, where several unscrupulous parties are looking for a WWII gold treasure. Donna and Taryn are federal drug enforcement agents based in the Hawaiian isles. Upon the success of a drug bust, they receive a call from Shane Aviation to fly an emergency package of vaccine from Molokai to Knox Island. Unbeknownst to them, Philippine representative Martinez has convinced Captain Andreas to use a reconnaissance satellite to locate a sunken ship laden with gold that the Japanese had pilfered during World War II. Meanwhile, a storm forces Donna and Taryn to land their plane on a remote island which harbors the gold. The hijinks ensue when they are joined by a host of nefarious types who have learned of the gold's location. Rick Gregory <rag.apa@email.apa.org> In an orchestrated raid, drug enforcement agents Donna and Taryn, with the help of undercover operatives Rocky and Pattycakes, manage to take down a profitable narcotics-smuggling ring in Hawaii. After the successful bust, the girls are assigned to deliver an emergency parcel of medical supplies and vaccines from their base in Molokai to the small and remote Knox Island, somewhere in the South Pacific region. In the meantime, Philippine government's representative Martinez who is concerned with the return of their national treasure stolen by the Japanese during WWII is working with the U.S. Navy using satellite reconnaissance information to detect the sunken gold. But when a raging storm forces Donna and Taryn to do an emergency landing on an idyllic island rumoured to have the treasure, a frantic race against Communist insurgents, double-crossing opportunists, samurais, as well as a horde of gun-toting assassins will commence. Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 