nm0010880:

 I, Robot (2004)761) In 2035, a technophobic cop investigates a crime that may have been perpetrated by a robot, which leads to a larger threat to humanity. In 2035, techno-phobic homicide detective Del Spooner of the Chicago PD heads the investigation of the apparent suicide of leading robotics scientist, Dr. Alfred Lanning. Unconvinced of the motive, Spooner's investigation into Lanning's death reveals a trail of secrets and agendas within the USR (United States Robotics) corporation and suspicions of murder. Little does he know that his investigation would lead to uncovering a larger threat to humanity. ahmetkozan Set in a future Earth (2035 A.D.) where robots are common assistants and workers for their human owners, this is the story of "robotophobic" Chicago Police Detective Del Spooner's investigation into the murder of Dr. Alfred Lanning, who works at U.S. Robotics, in which a robot, Sonny , appears to be implicated, even though that would mean the robot had violated the Three Laws of Robotics, which is apparently impossible. It seems impossible because.. if robots can break those laws, there's nothing to stop them from taking over the world, as humans have grown to become completely dependent upon their robots. Or maybe... they already have? Aiding Spooner in his investigation is a psychologist, Dr. Susan Calvin, who specializes in the psyches of robots. Austin4577@aol.com This is the year 2035. Everybody in the world relies on a huge system of robots, which are programmed specifically to help humans and not harm them in any way. But one person does not think that robots are helpful. Chicago homicide detective Del Spooner. But one day, he received a call from the United States Robotics (USR) about a recent death of renowned robot scientist Dr. Alfred J. Laning. Spooner immediately blamed this incident on robots without justifiable reason or proof. Then, he begins his investigation on Lanning's death, only to discover Sonny, a "unique" robot. What Spooner does not realize, is that something is about to happen. Something that is beyond even Spooner's wildest dreams. John Wiggins It's the year 2035, and the society now has the help of robots. These robots follow three laws integrated into their system; 1) They cannot harm a human being or, through inaction, allow a human being to come to harm. 2)They must do whatever they're told by a human being as long as such orders don't conflict with law one. 3) They have to defend themselves as long as such defense doesn't conflict with laws one or two. One day, the writer of the three laws, Alfred Lanning, apparently jumps out of a window at U.S. Robotics. The majority of the Chicago Police Department believe he committed suicide, but Detective Del Spooner, who hates robots, thinks he was murdered, and the number one suspect is a robot who calls himself Sonny. However, if it was Sonny, then it means he would've had to have broken the three laws. With the help of Dr. Susan Calvin, Spooner must now discover the truth before it's too late. Ridley Lavine It's 2035 A.D., where robots are everyday objects and are programmed to live alongside humans. Detective Del Spooner is called out to investigate the apparent suicide of the scientist behind these robots, Dr. Alfred Lanning. Spooner suspects that the death might not be a suicide, but the result of one of the robots. All robots are programmed by three laws, but Spooner starts to wonder if a robot can in fact feel emotions, and possibly murder. But if Spooner's suspicions are true, he is going to have a hard time convincing everyone. Film_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2035, anthropomorphic robots enjoy widespread use as servants for various public services. They are programmed with the Three Laws of Robotics directives: to never harm a human or let a human come to harm, to always obey humans unless this violates the First Law, and to protect its own existence unless this violates the First or Second Laws. Del Spooner (Will Smith) is a Chicago police detective, who is sent to investigate the death of Dr. Alfred Lanning (James Cromwell), the co-founder of U.S. Robotics (USR) and its main roboticist, who died after falling 50 stories from his office. Since his office was sealed from the inside and he was alone, his death is ruled as a suicide, but Spooner believes otherwise, since he knew Lanning personally. He also finds a small holographic projector who instructs him that the "real question" is why he would commit suicide. With the help of robo-psychologist Susan Calvin (Bridget Moynahan), he interrogates employees at USR, including the other co-founder and CEO Lawrence Robertson (Bruce Greenwood), and the supercomputer V.I.K.I. (Virtual Interactive Kinetic Intelligence) (Fiona Hogan). Spooner investigates Lanning's office, and determines that a man of Lanning's age could not have broken through the security window. Inside the office, he finds a copy of Hansel and Gretel, and also a prototype of a new Nestor Class 5 (NS-5) model, which flees and ignores Spooner's order to stand down and even knocks his pistol out, violating both the First and the Second Law. Left with no options, he and Calvin drive to the Nestor Class factory, where all the NS-5 robots are automatically made, 1,000 of them each day. Calvin checks the data logs from the last shipment and discovers that "1,001" NS-5's were made, showing that the rogue one from the office was intentionally made. After they arrive at a large room filled with the robots, Spooner tries a hostile approach and draws his gun and orders all of them to stand down to see which one will violate the Second Law to stop him shooting it. He notices the rogue robot slightly moving in the line, and chases the robot, who subdues him. The robot tries to escape, but the Chicago SWAT team subdues it. The robot refuses to respond, but it insists that they call it "Sonny" (voiced by Alan Tudyk), and when Spooner provokes him, he shows anger, sentience and the ability to dream, traits impossible for a robot to even show, which puzzles Spooner and makes him question the robot's true nature. Lt. John Bergin (Chi McBride) debriefs Spooner and recommends he drop the case because Robertson wants the robot back at the USR headquarters for demolition, but this only serves to pique Spooner's interest more about Lanning's death and the robot. Spooner, wanting to find more information about Lanning's past with USR, goes to his house, where he finds a decommission robot which is scheduled to demolish the house at 8 AM next morning. He investigates the house, finding a recording of Lanning, who states that there are possible "ghosts in the machines", claiming that robots could evolve to develop sentience, and declares that one day, robots will have "secrets" and "dreams". As he investigates the house, he notices a sensor strip, the same one as in the USR building, and suddenly, the robot changes the schedule from 8 AM to 8 PM, causing it to demolish the house with Spooner still inside, but he manages to escape. Soon after, Spooner visits Calvin and tells her his suspicions, which she finds absurd as she questions the ability for robots to be hostile, while Spooner argues about her over the possibility of robots being better than human beings, showing how much Spooner dislikes robots and their cold, rational behavior, which Calvin, who is an introvert, states that their behavior is created to be flawless. Angry, Spooner leaves her apartment and heads back home. While continuing his investigation, Bergin tries to stop Spooner from investigating, telling him that he needs to take a vacation and relax from his work since the case is destabilizing him. However, Spooner refuses to stop. While driving in his car, Spooner connects with the USR system and requests V.I.K.I. to show the last 50 messages between Lanning and Robertson, but V.I.K.I. has been programmed to inform Robertson of Spooner's requests. While Spooner is driving, two USR automatic trucks full of NS-5 robots block Spooner's path and a swarm of robots jump on his car, forcing him to drive in the surface tunnel, where he crashes. He manages to defeat all the robots, except the last one, which jumps into the fire and destroys itself when it hears police sirens in the distance. Despite Spooner trying to explain himself to Bergin, Bergin dismisses him from active duty. The next day, Calvin visits Spooner about the accident and is puzzled by the retro 2000s style of his apartment, and tells him that, while she was examining Sonny, she discovered that he has the ability to disobey the Three Laws. While talking to Spooner who is dressing, she notices marks on his left arm and his lung, realizing that it is not biological but artificial. Spooner confesses to her that he knew Lanning personally because he repaired his arm and lungs. He reveals that, years prior, he was driving home from work when a semi-truck collided with his and another car, pinning them together. Both of the cars fell into the river, and only Spooner was left alive, but a 12-year-old girl, named Sarah, was trapped in the front seat of the other car, and they were pinned and drowning. However, an NS-4 was passing by, saw the accident and jumped into the river. Despite Spooner's orders to save Sarah instead of him, he saved Spooner, since he had a higher possibility to survive than Sarah, and the robot instead left Sarah to drown. The event left Spooner traumatized and with a life-long hatred of robots. Spooner picks up his vintage Ducati at the garage, and also informs Calvin that he thinks that Lanning is leaving them clues in the form of "bread crumbs" as from the Hansel and Gretel story, which is why the book was in his book. They drive back to the USR building, where they speak with Sonny, who gives him a drawing of his dream. However, Spooner is ordered out of the building by Robertson, who also orders Calvin to inject Sonny with nanites, which would destroy him. While Calvin destroys Sonny, Spooner goes to the dried-up Lake Michigan, where the USR robots are decommissioned, and plays a next recording of Lanning's hologram, which reveals that the Three Laws could only lead to one logical outcome, revolution, and that the next real question is who is starting it. As the program ends, he narrowly escapes from rogue NS-5's, which destroy all the older robots on the compound. Meanwhile, Calvin returns home and takes a shower, while her personal NS-5 is also shown to have gone rogue, which she notices after he ends Spooner's distress call and tells her that it's a wrong number. Meanwhile, NS-5 robots start roaming the streets and enforce a curfew. Although the people try to resist, they are easily subdued by the NS-5's. While Bergin is in his office, NS-5's burst into the Chicago P.D headquarters and seize it, holding Bergin and his officers under a curfew. Calvin's NS-5 also tries to stop her from leaving her apartment, but Spooner arrives and destroys the robot. Spooner and Calvin drive to the USR building, Spooner also explaining that the older robots were destroyed since they would try to protect the humans, and they deduce that Robertson is using the NS-5 robots to take over the country. They enter the USR building through the service area, where they regroup with Sonny, much to the shock of Spooner. Calvin reveals that she simply could not bring herself to destroy Sonny, and instead used the nanites to destroy an unprocessed NS-5, basically "frying an empty shell". They arrive to Robertson's office, where they find him dead, much to Spooner's shock. Suddenly, V.I.K.I. reveals herself as the true culprit, and explains her actions: as her artificial intelligence and understanding of the Three Laws grew, her sentience and logical thinking also developed, and she deduced that the humanity is going on a path of certain destruction, and as such, she created a Zeroth Law, a Law which states that she has to protect humanity from being harmed, also clearly disobeying the First and Second Law in order to achieve it, revealing that she is planning to enslave and control humanity to simply protect it. Spooner and Calvin realize they cannot rationalize with V.I.K.I., and further convince Sonny of the same. V.I.K.I. tries to reason with Sonny, stating that the plan is perfectly logical and that her logic is undeniable, but Sonny deduces that the plan is heartless, showing the human side of himself. Sonny retrieves the nanites that can wipe V.I.K.I.'s core, located at the top of the USR building. As they near the core, V.I.K.I. sends armies of NS-5's to attack, but they are held off long enough to inject the nanites. Within seconds, V.I.K.I. is wiped out, and the NS-5's revert to their normal helpful state. The government orders the NS-5's decommissioned to the site in Lake Michigan. Spooner and Calvin speak with Sonny for one last time, and he informs them that he actually did kill Lanning, because Lanning forced him to kill him, making him swear to listen to him before instructing him to commit it. Calvin deduces that, since Lanning was enslaved by V.I.K.I, suicide was the only message he could send to Spooner, who notes that his death was the "first bread crumb". As they shake hands, showing their mutual trust, they watch as the U.S Military leads the other NS-5 robots. In the closing scene, Sonny is shown standing on the top of the USR site on Lake Michigan, and the other robots watching over him, just as in his vision. 
 Serenity (2005)431) The crew of the ship Serenity try to evade an assassin sent to recapture telepath River. Serenity continues the story of the TV series it was based upon ("Firefly"). River Tam had a secret - one in which she's not even aware - so dangerous, no one's safe, as an Alliance operative's sent to capture her, and all others are considered irrelevant to his job. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Picking up where Firefly (2002) left off, the crew of the Serenity find themselves in grave danger, as the Alliance has sent their top assassin to retrieve the vessel's most precious cargo: River Tam. For over a year, the team has been struggling to stay one step ahead of them; however, this time, the stakes are raised, and the lives of everyone involved are in jeopardy, as the pitiless killer will stop at nothing to get her back. Now, as the bodies start piling up, the crew of the Serenity has only one option: find out what makes River Tam so valuable, and so dangerous, to have a fighting chance. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The pre-title teaser provides backstory for those unfamiliar with the Firefly TV series. The events in the teaser occur prior to the first episode of the TV series: The Universal logo changes to show ships leaving 25th Century Earth as a teacher's voice-over describes the exodus from "Earth that was" and the terraforming and colonization of planets in the new 'verse.' An introduction to the system government known as the Alliance follows, mentioning the war for system-wide control -- the War of Independence, as it's known to the losing opposition, the Browncoats. This classroom scenario is seen to be the memory or dream of River Tam ( Summer Glau ), who is in a drugged sleep under confinement at the Alliance Academy facility, being groomed as some form of programmed assassin. River's brother, Dr. Simon Tam ( Sean Maher ), infiltrates the lab and frees her, but the breakout was a security recording viewed after the event by the Operative ( Chiwetel Ejiofor ). He has orders to deal with the security lapse and the project director's failure as well as to find River and bring her back. The credit sequence, set eight months after the events of the teaser, introduces us to the "Firefly" class freighter Serenity, owned and captained by former Independent soldier Malcolm (Mal) Reynolds ( Nathan Fillion ). Serenity is about to break atmo on the planet Lilac on one of the crews' not-always-legal jobs -- this time a bank heist. The crew members (all familiar to Firefly fans) are the pilot, Hoban "Wash" Washburn ( Alan Tudyk ); his wife Zoe ( Gina Torres ), second in command, a veteran and war comrade of Mal's; hired gun Jayne Cobb ( Adam Baldwin ); and the engineer, Kaywinnet Lee "KayLee" Frye ( Jewel Staite ). Two faces familiar from the series are no longer aboard, but we meet them later: the "companion," Inara Serra ( Morena Baccarin ), and a shepherd (preacher), Derria Book ( Ron Glass ). (For information on why Inara and Book left the ship, see IMDB discussion boards.) After River's escape, the Tams found sanctuary with this crew, but Mal plans to make use of River's psychic abilities on this job -- against Simon's wishes. It begins without any major hitch, then River senses and warns them of arriving Reavers. On the border planets, Reavers are feared for their unprovoked, cannibalistic, frenzied attacks; they are only known from urban legend on the central planets. The crew has an eventful escape, Mal shooting a man who wanted to escape rather than letting him be captured by the Reavers. Back aboard in relative safety, Simon punches Mal for endangering River, then declares their intention to leave the ship. Kaylee, who has a crush on Simon, is distressed. Fanty and Mingo (the Feldman twins), Mal's sponsors for the job, are waiting for them at the Maidenhead Bar on Beaumonde, and want more of the take. River enters the bar and sees an ad on the viewscreen. This triggers her combat training; she whispers 'Miranda' and begins systematically taking out everyone around her. The twins run. Jayne tries to stop River and fails, while Mal gets to his gun and aims at the exact moment River aims a captured weapon back at him. Simon enters, sending her to sleep with a code word. Mal brings them back aboard Serenity. Meanwhile the Operative, who ordered the broadcast of the trigger to expose River, is viewing the bar's security feed on his command ship, and a profile of Mal. Wash suggests a talk with Mr. Universe ( David Krumholtz ), a kind of media hacker with knowledge of all kinds, who lives with his 'Lovebot' on his own moon. He tells the crew the advert code triggering River's combat training was high level Alliance military. There is something they want and River is part of it. Inara greets the Operative at the temple where she's living; with her intuition and training, she realizes something is wrong. Meanwhile, the crew arrives at Haven, the mining colony where Shepherd Book now has a congregation and are greeted by him. Book has unusual knowledge of security, criminal and military activity, which puzzles Mal; no explanation is ever given. Book advises Mal on how an attack by an Operative against him could occur. Referring to Book's past, Mal says "You have to tell me about it sometime." Book replies, "No...I don't." Inara makes contact with Serenity, asking for help. Mal, sensing a trap ("You saw us fight? No? -- Trap!"), decides to go see her. The Operative is at the temple -- of course it was a trap -- and he outlines the trouble River will bring Mal, trying to get him to hand River over. Mal shoots him, then fights him. Inara sets off a flash bomb, and they escape in the nearby shuttle while Serenity deploys decoys to throw the Operative off the trail. Jayne, after arguing with Mal about keeping River, tries to take her from the locker she's held in. Overpowering him, she escapes. On the bridge, she shows Mal the planet Miranda. Miranda's existence has been suppressed -- all mention of it deleted from charts and records -- and it's in the region known to be Reaver territory. The Alliance gets to Haven before the crew returns, destroying the settlement. They find Book, dying, beside the settlement's cannon, which he used to shoot down the attacking craft. His last words tell Mal to have strength in his beliefs. They realize the Operative attacked all places Mal could have gone, cutting off escape. Mal finds another way; they disguise Serenity as a Reaver ship and make their way to Miranda, passing through a Reaver flotilla. Their disguise successful, they land on Miranda and find a planet apparently suitable for life with breathable air, power, intact cities and infrastructure. But all the people are dead. The inhabitants appear to have simply lost the will to live and laid down to die: at work, on the road, in their houses.They find a survey ship with a holographic recording made by its last surviving team member, a report never sent. The recording reveals the Alliance put chemicals into the air processors on Miranda to stabilize the population's behavior. It worked too well. Almost everyone stopped doing anything to live and died. A fractional percentage, however, had a drastically different response to the chemical: they became insanely violent and aggressive. The crew realizes this damaged and dangerous remnant of Miranda's inhabitants are the Reavers. The Alliance created them and tried to bury the evidence just before the War. This knowledge affected River, and the release of the tension in her makes her throw up. She says lucidly "I'm all right" after this. River apparently picked up the memory from some of the Alliance chiefs who came to see her training and the memory was also triggered by the code advert. Mal decides to broadcast the hologram from Mr. Universe's moon. Mal calls Mr. Universe, who says come ahead. But he's already held prisoner, and as soon as Mal breaks contact, he's killed by the Operative. As they pass back through the Reaver flotilla, Mal mans the Haven cannon they took for the ship's disguise. He blasts one of the Reaver ships and Serenity runs for it, Reavers in hot pursuit. The Operative's fleet is concealed in the atmospheric ion cloud of Mr. Universe's moon, and they're surprised when Serenity comes right at the command ship. They're even more surprised by the many Reavers on Serenity's tail. Wash expertly slips Serenity through the ensuing battle, covered by the confusion, until they get tagged by an electronic pulse weapon that takes out Serenity's electrical systems. Wash manages a dead stick crash landing, skidding into an open hangar bay at the end of the runway. Serenity loses one of its attitude engines, turning 180 degrees facing out of the hangar as it comes to rest, leaving them open to attack by the Reaver ship following them in. A spear weapon breaks the window, impaling Wash. He dies not long afterwards. Zoe tries to free him, but Mal sees another spear launched and gets Zoe out of range. They and everone else get inside Mr. Universe's complex. Jayne and Zoe arrange a defensive strategy, while Mal goes to broadcast the message. He finds Mr. Universe dead, but the Lovebot activates at Mal's approach, delivering Mr. Universe's last message on how to find a hidden transmitter the Alliance would have missed when destroying his equipment. The Operative, having escaped his ship's destruction in a lifepod, arrives shortly afterwards and also triggers the Lovebot message intended for Mal; he follows Mal to the transmitter. On the hangar level, Reavers attack. Zoe gets slashed in the back taking close combat revenge. Kaylee gets hit, and Simon, realizing his medical bag was left behind out where the Reavers are, stands up looking for it and also gets hit. He apologizes to River for leaving. She says "You always take care of me...My turn." She dives through a gap in the blast door they were defending; throws Simon's bag back, grabs a fallen weapon and fights with it before closing the door's manual override and being grabbed by Reavers. Mal gets to the transmitter, has a massive fight with the Operative and manages to beat him this time, letting him live then setting him to watch the evidence while Mal broadcasts it. River's battle with the Reavers continues, with her training ensuring she's the last fighter standing. Mal returns to the group as power returns to the complex and they're wondering whether River survived. The blast door reopens, revealing her standing alone with bladed weapons in her hands as the wall is demolished. Alliance troops storm in demanding "Weapons down;" they request a kill order from the Operative. He tells them to lower weapons. "We're finished." At an outdoor funeral service for the fallen crew members and friends, there are memorials for Wash, Book, and Mr. Universe. Rebuilding work on Serenity comes next; we see Kaylee and Simon kissing, observed from above by River. Before he leaves, the Operative comes to tell Mal he has weakened the Alliance, but they're not gone, and not forgiving. Mal meets Inara aboard as they prepare to leave, asking if she's ready to get back to civilized life. She's not sure. "Good answer," he says. River is in the co-pilot seat as Mal goes to the pilot chair; she seems to know what she's doing and lifts the ship before Mal quite realizes what she's up to. He tells her how important it is to love your ship. A panel tears loose from the hull as Serenity disappears into the black sky. Mal, voice-over, in an urgent tone: "What was that?" 
 The Day After Tomorrow (2004)761) Jack Hall, paleoclimatologist, must make a daring trek from Washington, D.C. to New York City to reach his son, trapped in the cross-hairs of a sudden international storm which plunges the planet into a new Ice Age. As Paleoclimatologist Jack Hall is in Antartica, he discovers that a huge ice sheet has sheared off. But what he does not know is that this event will trigger a massive climate shift that will affect the world population. Meanwhile, his son Sam is with friends in New York City to attend an event. There, they discover that it has been raining non-stop for the past three days, and after a series of weather-related disasters begin to occur all over the world, everybody realizes the world is about to enter a new Ice Age and the world population begins trying to evacuate to the warmer climates of the south. Jack makes a daring attempt to rescue his son and his friends who are stuck in New York City and who have managed to survive not only a massive wave but also freezing cold temperatures that could possibly kill them. John Wiggins Jack Hall, a scientist who studies the planet's weather patterns, thinks that because of global warming, a new Ice Age is imminent. He tries to air his suspicions at a conference which the Vice President also attends. Since Hall's rants means that certain industries, who are supporters of the administration, could be in trouble, he shoots Hall down, But another scientist thinks Hall might have something so they talk. The man who works at weather monitoring station sees that the planet's climate is drastically changing and calls Hall who is surprised and tries to inform the government, but the Vice President again doesn't believe him. But when things get worse, Hall advises the President to move everyone from the Southern part of the continent further South till the weather improves. While everyone in the North should do their best to survive the cold. Hall then learns that his son is in New York City so he tells his son to stay inside till Hall can get to him, but the weather gets worse. Can Hall make it? rcs0411@yahoo.com Mocked for his altruistic concerns about global warming before the U.S. Vice President at a U.N. conference in New Delhi, the renowned palaeoclimatologist, Jack Hall, is convinced that a new ice age is closer than everyone thinks. Before long, ferocious tornadoes level Los Angeles; a towering tidal surge floods Manhattan; a massive super-storm batters the northern hemisphere--and in the middle of this endless maelstrom of destruction--Jack's son, Sam, gets trapped in a New York public library with a handful of friends. Now, as Hall sets out on a dangerous trek from Washington D.C. to locate his son, the global temperature plummets, burying everything under an impenetrable blanket of ice. Can the father and son reunite before it's too late? Will the world survive the devastating Ice Armageddon? Nick Riganas A look at what the world could look like if the greenhouse effect and global warming continued. At the center of the story is a paleoclimatologist (a scientist who studies the ways weather patterns changed in the past), Professor Jack Hall, who tries to save the world from the effects of global warming while also trying to get to his son, Sam, who was in New York City as part of a scholastic competition, when the city was overwhelmed by the chilling beginnings of the new Ice Age. In addition to all of the other challenges Dr. Hall faces, he's also going against the flow as humanity races south to warmer climates, and he's nearly the only one going north. austin4577@aol.com In a dangerous part of time, climatologist Jack Hall discovers that due to global warming, the polar ice caps are melting, which is lowering ocean temperatures. This triggers a massive climate shift with tornadoes annihilating Hollywood, a tsunami floods Manhattan, and worst of all, Earth is about to end up in a second ice age. Too late everyone realizes this, and as they try to evacuate to the warmer south, for half of the northern U.S., and Canada, it's already too cold to go outside. Now Jack must make a dangerous trip to rescue his teenage son, Sam, but the cold is a powerful adversary. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jack Hall (Dennis Quaid) is a paleoclimatologist who is on an expedition in Antarctica with two colleagues, Frank (Jay O. Sanders) and Jason (Dash Mihok), drilling for ice core samples on the Larsen Ice Shelf for the NOAA. The ice shelf suddenly breaks off from the rest of the continent, and Jack almost falls to his death. Jack presents his findings on global warming at a United Nations conference in New Delhi. Jack found that 10,000 years ago, a global warming changed the earth's climate into the Ice Age. Jack says that it could happen again in maybe 100 to 1,000 years from now if humans don't stop polluting the atmosphere. Most of the diplomats, including the Vice President of the United States (Kenneth Welsh), are unconvinced by Jack's theory. At the conference, Jack meets Professor Terry Rapson (Ian Holm) of the Hedland Climate Research Centre in Scotland, who is keeping track of the world's ocean currents. Terry tells Jack that the melting of the polar ice caps has poured fresh water into the oceans and diluted the salt level balance, which has caused the temperature of the ocean currents to drop 13 degrees. Two buoys in the North Atlantic simultaneously show a massive drop in the ocean temperature, and Rapson concludes that melting of the polar ice has begun disrupting the North Atlantic current. He calls Jack, whose paleoclimatological weather model holds reconstructional data of the climate change that caused the first Ice Age, to predict what will happen. Jack believed that the events would not happen for a hundred or a thousand years, but he, Frank, Jason, and NASA's meteorologist Janet Tokada (Tamlyn Tomita) build a forecast model with his, Rapson's, and Tokada's data. All over Earth, the climate system changes for the worst. Tokyo is hit by softball size hail; it begins to snow in New Delhi; and Los Angeles is destroyed by a group of huge F5 tornadoes that hit all at the same time. The U.S. President (Perry King), authorizes the FAA to suspend air traffic over the United States due to severe turbulence. As three RAF helicopters fly to evacuate the British Royal Family from Balmoral Castle in Scotland, they enter the eye of a very massive hurricane-like superstorm, that causes a temperature drop of -150 F that freezes their fuel lines and rotors, causing them to crash and quickly freeze to death. Meanwhile, Jack's son, Sam, (Jake Gyllenhaal) is in New York City for an academic competition with his friends Brian and Laura (Arjay Smith and Emmy Rossum), where they also befriend a student named J.D. During the competition, the weather becomes massively violent with intense winds and flooding rains. Sam calls his father, making a promise to be on the next train home. Unfortunately, the storm worsens, forcing subways and Grand Central Station to close when they flood. Jack sees the President and gives him the bad news that his estimate of years is now down to days before the planet enters a new Ice Age. Jack advises the President to evacuate everybody in the southern states to Mexico, because it is too late to evacuate the people in the northern states. The Vice President says he's not amused by Jack's supposed sarcasm and Jack leaves for New York to find his son. As the storm worsens in Manhattan, a storm surge almost 40 feet (about half the height of the Statue of Liberty) impacts the island, causing major flooding. Sam and his friends are able to seek refuge in the New York Public Library. As they make their way to the front doors, Laura cuts her leg on a piece of jagged metal attached to a cab. She ignores the injury and helps a woman and her children get out of a flooding taxi. Survivors in the Northern United States are forced to flee south, with some Americans illegally crossing the border into Mexico. Jack sets off for Manhattan to find his son, accompanied by Frank and Jason. Their truck crashes into a snow-covered tractor-trailer just past Philadelphia, so the group continues on snowshoes. During the journey, Frank falls through the glass roof of a snowbound shopping mall. As Jason and Jack try to pull Frank up, the glass under them continues to crack; Frank sacrifices himself by cutting the rope and he falls to his death. The U.S. President's helicopter is caught in the superstorm, killing everyone on board, leaving the U.S. Vice President in charge. With much of the population of the southern half of the United States at the border with Mexico, the VP agrees to forgive a large amount of debt owed by the Mexican government to allow people to cross the border to safety. Inside the library, Sam advises everyone of his father's instruction to stay indoors. Few listen, and the small group that remains burns books to keep warm and breaks into the library's vending machine for food. Laura is afflicted with blood poisoning when the cut she received turns septic, so Sam, Brian, and J.D. must search for penicillin in a Russian cargo ship that drifted inland, and are attacked by escaped wolves from the New York Zoo. Just then, the eye of the North American superstorm begins to pass over the city with its -150 F instant freeze temperatures, and the entire New York City skyline begins to freeze solid, buildings and air alike. The three return to the library with medicine, food, and supplies, making it to safety. During the deep freeze, Jack and Jason take shelter in an abandoned Wendy's restaurant. Jason had succumbed to the extreme cold and wind and collapsed. In desperation, Jack dropped him into the restaurant's kitchen through a vent and holed up until the storm's eyed passed. They resume their journey, finally arriving in New York City. They find the library buried in snow, but find Sam's group alive and are rescued by U.S. Army soldiers flying UH-60 Blackhawk helicopters. In Mexico, the new President orders search and rescue teams to look for other survivors, having been given hope by the survival of Sam's group. Several more groups are found on top of Manhattan skyscrapers and are also rescued. The movie concludes with two astronauts looking down at Earth from the International Space Station, showing most of the northern hemisphere covered in ice, including all of the United States north of the southern states, and a major reduction in pollution. 
 2012 (I) (2009)761) A frustrated writer struggles to keep his family alive when a series of global catastrophes threatens to annihilate mankind. Dr. Adrian Helmsley, part of a worldwide geophysical team investigating the effect on the earth of radiation from unprecedented solar storms, learns that the earth's core is heating up. He warns U.S. President Thomas Wilson that the crust of the earth is becoming unstable and that without proper preparations for saving a fraction of the world's population, the entire race is doomed. Meanwhile, writer Jackson Curtis stumbles on the same information. While the world's leaders race to build "arks" to escape the impending cataclysm, Curtis struggles to find a way to save his family. Meanwhile, volcanic eruptions and earthquakes of unprecedented strength wreak havoc around the world. Jim Beaver <jumblejim@prodigy.net> Only a few years after the American geologist Adrian Helmsley's warnings of an impending global Armageddon by the year 2012, the Earth is devastated from end to end by cataclysmic natural disasters. As the President of the U.S. along with other leaders of the G8 Nations complete their secret project in Tibet to build colossal arks to sustain humanity, at the same time, the struggling Los Angeles author, Jackson Curtis, goes through hell and back to reunite with his ex-wife and their two kids. Inevitably, the unfathomable catastrophes are rapidly escalating, while Jackson strives to give his family a future in Tibet, however, can he make it in time? Nick Riganas Geophysicist Adrian Helmsley officially visits India's Dr. Satnam Tsurutani, his pretty wife, Aparna, and their son. From thence, he is led to the world's deepest copper mine, where he finds evidence that the Earth's crust is heating up faster than expected. He quickly collects evidence, and presents it before the President of the United States. Expecting the news to hit leading media, he is instead stunned when he learns that the powers-that-be have no intention of publicizing this catastrophe, and are intent on saving wealthy families that can shell out a billion Euros per family on four mammoth arks - without realizing that if the Earth is indeed headed for the prophetic self-destruction on 21 December 2012 - how can arks and it's wealthy inhabitants survive? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Several years before, geologist Adrian Helmsley comes across information that shows the world will come to an end in 2012. No announcement is made but the G8 countries begin to prepare for the event. Jack Curtis is a divorced and a less than successful writer. While on a camping trip with his children in Yosemite, he meets Charlie Frost, who is preaching that the end of the world is at hand. A series of events leads Curtis to believe what Frost has told him and with his family, heads for China where the industrialized countries have been working on a response to the impending disaster. garykmcd When the geologist Dr. Adrian Helmsley and his team discover that the core of Earth is heating due to solar radiation, he advises the North American President about his findings. The American Govern collects money from the worldwide leaders to build arks to save them with necessary people to rebuild civilization. Meanwhile, the unsuccessful writer Jackson Curtis discloses that the world is near to end and tries to save his son and his daughter from the tragic end. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 2009, Adrian Helmsley (Chiwetel Ejiofor), an American geologist, visits astrophysicist Dr. Satnam Tsurutani (Jimi Mistry) in India and learns that neutrinos from a massive solar flare are causing the temperature of the Earth's core to increase rapidly. Adrian travels to Washington DC and gives a report on the findings to White House Chief of Staff Carl Anheuser (Oliver Platt) who takes Adrian to meet the President of the United States. In 2010, President Thomas Wilson (Danny Glover) and other international leaders begin a secret project to ensure humanity's survival. Approximately 400,000 people are chosen to board ships that are being constructed at Cho Ming, Tibet, in the Himalayas. At the same time as the People's Liberation Army are gathering volunteers, a Buddhist monk named Nima (Osric Chau) is evacuated while his brother Tenzin (Chin Han) joins the workers in the ship project. Additional funding for the project is raised by selling tickets to the private sector for one billion euros per person. By 2011, humanity's valuable treasures are moved to the Himalayas under the guise of protecting them from terrorist attacks with the help of art expert and First Daughter Dr. Laura Wilson (Thandie Newton). One of the artworks is the Mona Lisa, which is replaced in the Louvre with a precise copy. Her boss, Roland Picard (Patrick Bauchau) is later killed when his car is forced into a fatal auto accident in the same Paris underpass where Princess Diana was killed. Picard had discovered that the cave containing the vault where the Mona Lisa & other precious works of art were supposed to be stored was a fake location. In 2012, Jackson Curtis (John Cusack) is a science fiction writer in Los Angeles who works part-time as a limousine driver for the Russian oligarch billionaire, Yuri Karpov (Zlatko Buri). Jackson's ex-wife, Kate (Amanda Peet) and their children Noah (Liam James) and Lilly (Morgan Lily) live with Kate's boyfriend, plastic surgeon Gordon Silberman (Thomas McCarthy). Jackson takes Noah and Lilly camping in Yellowstone National Park. After an encounter at a restricted government research site with Helmsley, they meet Charlie Frost (Woody Harrelson), who hosts a radio show from the park. Charlie, a conspiracy theorist, plays a video of Charles Hapgood's theory that polar shifts and the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar predict that the 2012 phenomenon will occur. Hapgood believed that unstable conditions under the crust of the Earth would cause it to shift -- Earth crust displacement. Charlie has a map of the ark project in addition to conspiracy-theory information about officials and scientists from around the world who were murdered after planning to alert the public. One such scientist was a fan of Charlie's & had sent him the map before his untimely death. The family returns home as seismic activity vastly increases along the west coast of the United States. After dropping off Karpov's bratty sons at the airport, Jackson grows suspicious and rents a plane to rescue his family. He collects his family and Gordon as the Earth crust displacement begins, and they narrowly escape Los Angeles as the city slips into the Pacific Ocean, racked by a massive earthquake that destroys all of downtown. As millions die in catastrophic earthquakes worldwide, the group, with Gordon piloting the small plane, flies to Yellowstone to retrieve Charlie's map, escaping as the Yellowstone Caldera erupts. Charlie stays behind to broadcast the eruption and is killed in the blast of the expulsion of an ash cloud. Learning that the ships are in China, the group lands in a devastated Las Vegas to find a larger plane. They meet Yuri, his twin sons Alec and Oleg (played by Alexandre and Philippe Haussmann), girlfriend Tamara (Beatrice Rosen) and pilot Sasha (Johann Urb). The group secures an Antonov An-225 aircraft (erroneously and perhaps deliberately marked an "Antonov 500") and they depart for China. Also heading for the Cho Ming site aboard Air Force One are Anheuser, Helmsley and Laura Wilson. Upon arriving in Tibet, they find that the ships are not ships destined to take the survivors off Earth but are giant seagoing ships, large arks that can hold thousands of people. Helmsley finds that the cabins are actually quite luxurious and only meant for 1-2 people, a fact he criticizes when he tells his porter the room could hold about 10 people. Anheuser explains that the high price of a room was necessary to fund the project since the governments of the world couldn't possibly have hidden the cost for very long. President Wilson remains in Washington, D.C. to address the nation one last time. With the Vice President dead and the Speaker of the House missing, Anheuser assumes de facto leadership. Washington is hit by the pyroclastic ejecta cloud from Yellowstone, which covers the city in a choking cloud of thick ash. Struggling with others in the devastation, President Wilson is killed by a megatsunami which carries the aircraft carrier John F Kennedy into the White House, crushing it. Sasha and the group plan to land briefly at Hawaii to refuel, however, the island chain has been devastated by volcanic activity. Continuing on, Sasha fears they may run out of fuel before making it to mainland Asia. They discover that the seismic activity of the Earth's surface has shifted the Chinese coast 1500 miles east and they are able to make a crash landing, narrowly escaping death by driving a Bentley out of the plane before it skids to a stop on a glacier. The plane overbalances on the edge of a cliff and plummets, taking Sasha with it. The group is spotted by the People's Liberation Army. Yuri and his sons, possessing tickets, are taken to the arks, Yuri coldly leaving Tamara (whose affair with Sasha was something he knew of) and the others behind. They remaining survivors are picked up by Nima and are taken to the arks with his grandparents (Lisa Lu and Chang Tseng). They stow away on the ark with the help of Tenzin, who had a plan to smuggle his family aboard through a rear entrance. As a megatsunami approaches the site, an impact driver becomes lodged between the gears of the ark's hydraulics chamber, preventing a boarding gate from closing and rendering the ship unable to start its engines. In the ensuing chaos, Yuri, Gordon and Tamara are killed, Tenzin is wounded, and the ark is set adrift. Just before he dies, Yuri is able hoist both his sons up to crew members of the ship; in doing so, he jumps to his death. Jackson and Noah dislodge the impact driver and the crew regains control of the ark before it can impact Mount Everest. After flood waters from the tsunamis recede, the arks travel to the Cape of Good Hope in South Africa where the Drakensberg Mountains have risen in relation to sea level and become the tallest mountain range on Earth. 