nm0003028:

 Beach Babes 2: Cave Girl Island (1995)Summaries Xena, Luna, and Sola leave Malibu but return to earth unexpectedly when Xena sneezes and crash lands them on a desert isle. After being threatened by dinosaurs and having a few close encounters with some primitive stud muffins, they tangle with the evil James T. Renford II, who has some sinister profit-making plans for the babes from space. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 True Friends (1998)Summaries Three boys face the challenges of growing up in the Bronx. The films tells the story of three friends living in the Bronx in New York - Juan Jose a.k.a. J.J., Joey and Louie. The first half of the film tells of them when they were children, and second is set 15 years later, when they have much more serious problems. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Father of the Bride Part II (1995)Summaries George Banks must deal not only with the pregnancy of his daughter, but also with the unexpected pregnancy of his wife. In this sequel to "Father of the Bride", George Banks must accept the reality of what his daughter's ascension from daughter to wife, and now, to mother means when placed into perspective against his own stage of life. As the comfortable family unit starts to unravel in his mind, a rapid progression into mid-life crisis is in his future. His journey to regain his youth acts as a catalyst for a kind of "rebirth" of his attitude on life when he and his wife, Nina, find how their lives are about to change as well. Scott Jentsch Family trouble continues to plague George Banks. Having survived his daughter's marriage in the first film, he must now deal with her pregnancy. To complicate matters, his wife Nina is pregnant as well! David Stumme <dstumme@rochester.rr.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pacific Blue (19962000)Summaries Bicycle officers patrol Santa Monica, California. This flashy cop series is all about the bicycle patrol of the Santa Monica Police Department, in which the officers and their flashy equipment are as young and casual as their work area, mainly the beach, and as agile and well-trained on their bikes as traditional mounted police on horseback. The bulk of their work is prevention and petty crime, such as pickpockets and purse-snatchers, but of course the more spectacular atypical cases, often one-offs, sometimes even involving the FBI, get extra attention. No less attention is paid to the relationships between all these hotshots (some change during the series), young and ambitious, sexy and horny, so there's lots of temptation, amorous and professional rivalry, conflicting personal and professional interests. Of course this causes most worries for their commanding Lieutenant, usually the one who has to deal with the regular hierarchy above him, originally Anthony Palermo, later on the very former rookie who long gave him most cause for concern, Terence "T.C." Callaway. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 