nm0006659:

 Silsiilay (2005)Summaries A group of women find solidarity with each other as they negotiate their complicated love-lives. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tehzeeb (2003)Summaries A singer and her two daughters have a tense reunion after years. Rukhsana Jamal and Anwar had been married for several years, and have two daughters, Tehzeeb and Nazeen, from this marriage. Anwar goes through a period of mental instability and depression, which ends in his committing suicide by shooting himself dead. Years later Tehzeeb and Nazeen have both grown up. Tehzeeb has married Salim Mirza, while Nazneen is mentally unstable. Their fairly smooth lifestyle changes abruptly when Tehzeeb finds out that Salim is having an affair with Sheena Roy; and Nazneen comes across a loaded revolver. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Rukhsana Jamal is an invincible singer who has been recording private albums besides filing playback to film songs, since years. Come trends and fads, she's a survivor. A one stage of her career a major scandal had erupted. Her daughter Tehzeeb has never forgiven her. In fact she has sought to move away from the shadow of her mother. After a break of nearly 5 years, the mother and daughter meet for a reconciliation. They two are excruciatingly polite with each other until the masks of courtesy fell. gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Last Irani Chai (2011)Summaries The last Irani chai, by Khalid Mohamed A salute to the surviving spirit of the Irani tea-shops of Mumbai. Most of them have vanished from the city with the vagaries of time and the advance of fast-food chains. Yet a few of them continue to be an integral part of the city's culture and hospitality. Besides revisiting the chai shops and bakeries, the documentary also meets up with regular patrons of the cafe, including the late artist M F Husain, who longed to return to the restaurants which he once inhabited with other painters and writers. Khalid Mohamed It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fiza (2000)44) In 1993 Fiza's brother Aman disappears during the riots in Mumbai. In 1999 Fiza is tired of waiting and goes looking for him. Six years after Fiza's (Karisma Kapoor) brother, Aman (played by Hrithik Roshan) disappears during the 1993 Mumbai riots, she goes to look for him. When she does find him, to her horror she sees that he has joined a terrorist group. She forces him to come home, and he finally re-unites with their mother (played by Jaya Bachchan). However his allegiance and thoughts make him want to join the terrorist network, led by Murad Khan (Manoj Bajpai). A confrontation with two men who harass Fiza leads to Aman revealing his involvement with the terrorist network in front of his sister, mother and the police. His mother's grief and disappointment eventually lead her to commit suicide. Fiza tries once more to find her brother, with the help of Anirudh (Bikram Saluja). Aman has been sent on a mission to kill two powerful politicians; when he does succeed in assassinating them, his own terrorist group tries to kill him. He escapes and Fiza follows him. They confront each other and with the police closing in on him, he asks her to kill him. After much persuasion Fiza kills her brother. Aman dies saying the first Kalma in Islam, "La illa ha ill Allah, Mohammad dur Rasullalah" gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Fiza, her brother, Amaan, together with their mother, Nishatbi lives a happy and harmonious life which is soon shattered when her brother gets involved in the 1993 Mumbai riots and is believed to be missing. Numerous attempts by the police to locate Amaan are fertile which makes Fiza loses patience and in the year 1999; she launches a man-hut for Amaan. She does manage to locate Amaan, who is now a member of a terrorist organization headed by the notorious Murad Khan. Fiza does manages to convince Amaan and gets him to return home reuniting with his mother but circumstances once again forces Amaan to return to the life of a terrorist. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) During the 1993 Bombay Riots Fiza's brother Aman disappeared and never returned six years later Fiza herself decides to find as the local authorities are of no help.She traces Aman and finds that he has joined a terrorist group and convinces him to return home.Aman returns home and leaves happily with his family.Until a tiff with local goons force him to reveal his identity. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 