nm0005185:

 Loving Annabelle (2006)Summaries The intelligent Annabelle starts in an elite Catholic girls' boarding high school after being expelled from the previous 2 schools. She's open about being lesbian. She's attracted to her teacher, Simone. Annabelle is the wise-beyond-her-years newcomer to an exclusive Catholic girls school. Having been expelled from her first two schools she's bound to stir some trouble. Sparks fly between her and her teacher, Simone Bradley. Annabelle pursues Simone relentlessly until Simone must make a choice between following her heart and doing what's right. kwedgwood@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Happiness (1998)321) The lives of several individuals intertwine as they go about their lives in their own unique ways, engaging in acts society as a whole might find disturbing in a desperate search for human connection. A woman breaks up with her boyfriend, he thinks it's because he's fat. A man is unable to tell her next door neighbor he finds her sexually attractive. An old couple wants to split up, but they don't want to get a divorce. A therapist masturbates to teen magazines. An 11 year old kid is insecure about the fact that he hasn't cum yet. Office workers try to recall the face of a coworker who recently died. A woman is sure she has everything she could ever want. The lives of these individuals intertwine as they go about their lives in their own unique ways, engaging in acts society as a whole might find disturbing in a desperate search for human connection. anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Happiness is an ensemble drama that skips around between multiple storylines. The protagonist, Joy, is the youngest of three sisters. The film opens with her breaking up with a man. He responds with unreasonably malicious vitriol and ultimately takes his own life a few days later. In an attempt to contribute more to society she decides to work at a refugee education center, where she is despised by her students for being a scab during the teachers strike. The only student who is kind to her seduces her only to rob her and then request $1,000 (to which she complies). Joys middle sister, Trish, is a housewife who claims to be happily married, and casually remarks to Joy how their entire family assumes that Joy will be a terrible failure. Trishs husband, Bill is a therapist and, in addition to instructing their son how to masturbate and having fantasies about going on shooting sprees, is also a pedophile. He develops a fixation on Johnny, a friend of their son and eventually sodomizes him after drugging his entire family when Johnny is sleeping over. Bill later rapes another of his sons friends and is eventually accused and indicted. Joys eldest sister, Helen is a conceited author who writes fiction that she herself recognizes as empty and exploitative. She desires to know what it is like to be raped and abused. Coincidentally, her neighbor Allens hobby is making obscene phone calls to women (including Joy) while masturbating. Allen eventually calls Helen and she unexpectedly demands that he meet her. He agrees and when she discovers that he is her homely, shy neighbor she rejects his advances and demands that he leave. Allens feelings of loneliness and isolation, which he expounds upon in great detail to Bill, his therapist, are eventually quelled when he finally pays attention to Kristina, another tenant who lives down the hall. While on a date with her, Kristina confides in Allen that she was raped by the doorman of their building. Subsequently she broke his neck, chopped his body into pieces, placed the pieces into Ziploc bags and stored them in her freezer. She has been smuggling them out of the building piece by piece for the last week. Joy's parents are also unhappy. Her dad separates from her mother but upon trying to have sex with another woman, discovers that he simply cannot feel any emotion for anyone or anything. The end of the movie finds the three sisters sitting at dinner with the parents, everyone condescending to Joy. Meanwhile Trishs son is out on the balcony and finally, at long last, successfully masturbates. The dog races over to lick up the ejaculate only to return to the dinner table and lick Trish on the mouth. The boy races into the kitchen and proudly declares, I came! 
 Executive Decision (1996)651) When terrorists seize control of an airliner, an intelligence analyst accompanies a commando unit for a midair boarding operation. Terrorists take over a 747 bound from Athens to Washington D.C., supposedly to effect the release of their leader. Intelligence expert David Grant suspects another reason and convinces the military that the 'plane should not be allowed to enter U.S. airspace. An assault mission is devised, using a specially equipped 'plane designed for mid-air crew transfers, and Grant finds himself aboard the 747 with a team of military anti-terrorists who have to defuse a bomb and overpower the terrorists. Ron Kerrigan <mvg@whidbey.com> A Boeing 747, Oceanic Airlines flight 343, has just taken off from Athens, Greece, and is headed for the USA. Minutes after takeoff, the airplane is taken hostage by a group of terrorists led by Nagi Hassan. One of the hostages is a United States senator named Mavros. Hassan is demanding the release of one of his comrades, Elsai ad Jaffa, who is being held by United States authorities. Lieutenant Colonel Austin Travis is the leader of a military team. As the jet approaches the USA, engineer Dennis Cahill designs a plan in which a military plane will be able to transfer Austin and his team onto the 747 in mid air. Also along for the mission will be Dennis and intelligence agent David Grant. When Austin is killed in the process of boarding the 747, David is forced to take over the rescue attempt, and after boarding the airplane, David and the military team discover that Hassan has some stolen Soviet nerve gas attached to a bomb, and he is using the 747 to smuggle the deadly gas into the United States, where he intends to use it to wipe out Washington D.C. and possibly the entire Eastern seaboard. It's up to Dennis to defuse the bomb while David and the team try to rescue the hostages from Hassan. Todd Baldridge When Oceanic Airlines flight 343 is hijacked, the U.S. Military devises a plan to get Army Commandoes onboard the jet at 39,000 feet. The hijackers are unaware of the commandoes, while the soldiers are unaware of a weapon planned to take out the eastern seaboard of the U.S., the rogue unit must fight against time and the shaky government before they blow the jet out of the sky. Nik Zauritz Some Arabs hijack an airliner and demand the release of their leader who is in American custody. They also intend to land in Washington for refueling. At the Pentagon, everyone there advises the National Security Advisor that they should let the plane land and then let the counter terrorist team of Colonel Austin Travis take them out. However, David Grant, an intelligence expert believes that this whole thing is a smokescreen. Grant believes that the Arab leader was abducted and brought to the Americans by his second in command, who is a fanatic. Also, that he has in his possession a biological weapon that could wipe out Washington and that it's on the plane. Now they have only two choices let them land and hope Grant is wrong or shoot the plane down along with every one on board. Colonel Travis suggests that they use a new plane that the military uses to transport men from it onto another aircraft while in flight. With no other option Travis is given the go ahead. Travis asks that Grant accompany him so that he can give them whatever info he can provide. However, it appears that Travis has another reason for bringing Grant along. It seems that awhile back they were sent on a mission to retrieve the biological weapon, but, in the end found that the weapon not there - one of Travis' men was also killed. It was Grant's Intel that sent them there. Now the aircraft link-up seems to be going well until the plane starts to break and fall apart. Half of the team including Travis doesn't make it. The ones that do (including Grant), and the man who built the plane they were on, have to carry out the mission. Unfortunately, some important equipment (communication link, knock out gas) didn't make it, so they have to do it the hard way. At the same time, the Pentagon, unsure if the men made it, have to again decide whether to let them land or shoot the plane down. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Trieste, Italy, Lieutenant Colonel Austin Travis (Steven Seagal) leads an unsuccessful U.S Special Forces raid on a Chechen mafia safe house to recover a stolen Soviet nerve agent called DZ-5 (also known as VX Gas). During the raid one of his men is killed, and the nerve agent is nowhere to be found, leaving the mission a bust. Three months later, Dr. David Grant (Kurt Russell), a U.S. Army intelligence expert, is informed that terrorist leader El Sayed Jaffa was abducted from his daughter's wedding by an unknown entity and anonymously delivered to U.S authorities. Meanwhile, a suicide bomber walks into a luxurious London, England restaurant and blows himself up after warning people to listen to the sound of Al Tha'r. That same day, Oceanic Airlines Flight 343, a Boeing 747-200, leaves Athens, Greece, bound for Washington, D.C., with over 400 passengers on board, including U.S. Senator Mavros (J.T Walsh), and a disguised Nagi Hassan (David Suchet), El Sayed Jaffa's deputy director. Soon after take-off Hassan and his men, having sneaked weapons on the flight, hijack the plane and sends a message under the name Al Tha'r demanding Jaffa's release. An armed deputy U.S Airline Marshal (Richard Riehle) who is on the plane but unable to prevent the hijack quickly conceals his badge and gun to avoid being identified and compromise the security of the passengers. Jean (Halle Berry), a flight attendant takes a huge risk by getting rid of the passengers manifest and lying to Hassan to conceal the Marshal's presence. Meanwhile, David Grant is called away from a tuxedo and gown party to a meeting at the Pentagon to plan an operation to retake the plane. While the secretary of defense and everyone else around the table, including Austin Travis who despises Grant and holds him responsible for the failed mission in Italy, agrees that they must plan for a ground strike on the terrorists as soon as the plane lands, Grant doubts Hassan's demands, suspecting he engineered Jaffa's capture himself, and intends to use the plane to detonate a bomb loaded with the DZ-5 nerve agent into U.S. airspace. Grant strongly advises the secretary not to let the plane reach U.S airspace, much less touch U.S soil. He also reveals that the name used by the terrorists, Al Tha'r, is an ancient Arabic form of the word "revenge". Not willing to destroy the plane and it's 400 passengers without proof that the plane is truly a threat to the United States, The Pentagon opt to send Travis's team on a mission to infiltrate Oceanic Airlines Flight 343 mid-air using the experimental airplane "Remora F117x" invented by DARPA engineer Dennis Cahill (Oliver Platt). Travis requests Grant's presence on the plane for live intel, somehow knowing that Grant is deathly afraid of flying. Grant and Cahill both agrees to join Travis's team to intercept the plane. The Remora intercepts and docks with the 747 in mid-air. The boarding is only partially successful though due to strong turbulence, causing the team's bomb specialist "Cappy" (Joe Morton) to fall and break his neck. Grant boards the plane to assist Cappy just as the 747 pulls up, over stressing the Remora's docking tunnel. Travis sacrifices himself by closing the 747's hatch before it decompresses, saving his team but killing him and destroying the Remora. On the plane, the surviving team members, "Rat"(John Leguizamo), "Cappy", Louie (B.D Wong), and Baker ( Whip Hubley), along with Grant and Cahill reassess their situation: Cappy is alive but immobilized, having fractured some vertebrae. They only have access to half their gear, no sleeping agent and, most importantly, no radio and no communication equipment, leaving the Pentagon completely unaware of their survival. With limited options, the team, now under Rat's command, use spy cameras and microphones to observe, locate and assess the terrorists while covertly searching the plane for the suspected DZ-5 bomb, with the aim of neutralizing it before storming the cabin. During his search for Hassan, Grant accidentally compromises himself to Jean, who keeps quiet about it despite Hassan's suspicions about her. The team finally locates the bomb and Grant is proven right when they find out the bomb has enough DZ-5 to take out half the Eastern seaboard on its own. Cappy analyzes the bomb and reveals it has a barometric detonator, meaning it will detonate upon landing, but assures his team he knows how to neutralize it. They call upon Cahill to assist Cappy, who is still immobilized, with the bomb while Grant and the others take positions all around the plane to hit it as soon as the bomb is neutralized. Cappy guides Cahill and successfully disarms the bomb. He advises his team that the bomb is secured, but just as they're about to attack, Cappy calls off the attack, having found that the bomb has a remote-controlled trigger and someone is testing it, meaning someone on the plane can still detonate the bomb at any moment. Cappy then succumbs to the pain meds he was given earlier and loses consciousness. Meanwhile Jaffa, released by U.S officials in an attempt to resolve the situation, calls Hassan from a private jet to tell him he is free and on his way to Algeria, and extends an offer from the U.S government to acquiesce to all of Hassan's demands in exchange for releasing the hostages. Hassan, while rejoicing in his leader's freedom, informs Jaffa that his mission is not finished as he intends to strike a sword deep into the infidels. Jaffa tries to reason with Hassan but he abruptly ends the call, forcing the Secretary of defense to order an air strike on the plane, having received no updates from Travis' team. Following the phone call, Hassan is confronted by his second in command who is challenging Hassan on his decision not to divert the plane back to Algeria now that their leader is free. Hassan reveals their real mission is to strike a deathblow to their enemies which his lieutenant disagrees with. Hassan assaults and kills his lieutenant and then orders the others back to their position. Grant, having overheard the whole exchange, realizes Hassan's men are unaware of the bomb and Hassan's true intentions. He also aptly deduces that the bomb's trigger-man is not Hassan or one of the armed terrorists, but a sleeping agent hiding amongst the passengers. Grant and the team decide to look for the passenger with cameras hooked to the main cabin while Cahill will attempt to figure out how to neutralize the remote detonator. Just as Cahill is about to execute his own theory and cut a wire, Cappy awakens to stop them and resumes working the bomb with Cahill while Grant rejoins the team to look for the secret trigger-man whom Grant is certain will be Jean-Paul Demou, one of Jaffa's men believed to have built the bomb. Grant uses a camera and having bypassed the plane's phone system to secretly communicate with Jean whom he trusts in assisting them with finding the trigger-man. While he's giving her instructions, she gets attacked and threatened by Hassan who points his gun at her but she's able to lie her way out of it. After catching her breath, she agrees to help Grant. She also takes a moment to covertly advise the Marshal about the presence of soldiers on the plane. While going around, tending to the passengers' needs, she spots a passenger with an electronic device that looks just like what Grant described to her so she silently communicates the seat number to Grant. Back in the cargo area, Cappy and Cahill seems to be making progress with the bomb when a random remote check from the trigger-man causes Cahill to panic and cut several wires he wasn't supposed to touch. The bomb not blowing up and seeming still fully functional make Cappy realize they are working on a decoy. The real bomb's computer is underneath the one they've been working on all along. Meanwhile, the U.S air strike has finally reached the plane and are attempting to divert it from its course by threatening to attack. Hassan refuses to divert and calls upon Senator Mavros who offered himself earlier to negotiate in an attempt to boost his political popularity for the upcoming elections. Mavros asks to speak with the President of the United States directly but is denied by the Secretary of defense. He is then killed by Hassan in a demonstration of his ruthlessness. The plane getting too close to the fail safe line, the Secretary of defense has no choice and orders the fighter jets to attack the plane. Luckily, Grant intercepted the exchange and is able to communicate with the fighter jets through Morse code from the tail lights, that they are on board, requesting an extra ten minutes to neutralize the bomb and retake the plane, despite already crossing into U.S. airspace. As soon as the Secretary overhears the team's mission code as part of the message, he agrees to give them ten minutes through a coded message of his own. Knowing they need to act now, the team gathers behind Grant to allow Cahill and Cappy five more minutes with the bomb and then attack no matter what. Out of desperation, Grant abandons his position and contacts Jean to use her help to enter the main cabin in an attempt to take out the suspected trigger-man by surprise, but he turns out to be an innocent passenger. Grant is then proven right once more by spotting Jean-Paul Demou, sitting on the plane. He shoots the remote away from him and engages him in an intense brawl. Hassan attempts to shoot Grant, but is himself shot by the federal air marshal. The commandos storm the cabin as a firefight ensues. Grant struggles to wrestle the remote detonator from Demou's grip while Baker and Rat gun-down several terrorists. Louie assists Grant by fatally shooting Demou and eliminating the remaining terrorists. Demou, however, manages to arm the bomb before dying, and stray bullets from a terrorist's weapon pierce a passenger window causing explosive decompression and killing three passengers. The bomb is disarmed just in time by Cappy and Cahill as the plane regains stable flight. Grant confronts Hassan and shows him that the bomb is neutralized. In a final act of desperation, a wounded Hassan sprays the cockpit with bullets, killing the pilots, before being shot and killed by Rat. With the pilots dead, over 400 lives on the line and a bomb on-board, aerophobic Grant, despite his limited flying experience and never having flown solo, assumes control of the plane and attempts to land it at the designated runway but misses the approach to Dulles International Airport, forcing him to go around. Knowing he's not good enough to turn the plane around and try another approach, Grant recognizes the area surrounding his training airfield, and decides to head there instead. The landing is sloppy and quite damaging as the airfield was never meant for a 747 but fortunately, none of the damages and impact triggers the bomb and Grant is finally able to safely land onto a sand berm at the runway's safety area, and the passengers are safely evacuated. Having finally exit the plane, Grant witnesses the bomb squad taking away the bomb and Cahill gives him his lucky straw that helped defused the bomb before departing in search of the biggest drink available. Grant then witnesses Cappy getting loaded unto an army ambulance along with the rest of the commando who stops to respectfully salute him before departing. He is then joined by Jean who asks him who he is. Just as he's about to answer, an FBI agent approaches him, addressing Grant by his official title of Doctor Grant and advises him he is being summoned by the Pentagon which causes Jean to leave but Grant calls her back and invites her to a coffee date, which she agrees as long as he is not flying. They both laugh and get into a car on their way to the Pentagon. 
 Maximum Overdrive (1986)761) A group of people try to survive when machines start to come alive and become homicidal. When Earth passes through the tail of Rea-M rogue comet, the machines come to life and start to kill mankind. A group of survivors is under siege from fierce trucks at the Dixie Boy truck stop gas station and they have to fight to survive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil For 8 days in 1986, the earth passed through the tail of a mysterious Rhea-M rogue comet. During that time, machines on earth suddenly come to life and terrorize their human creators. A small group of people in a truck stop, surrounded by "alive" semi-trailers, set out to stop the machines before the machines stop them. Matt McQuillan <mjment@hotmail.com> When a mysterious comet passes close within the Earth, machines all over the World come alive and go on homicidal rampages. A group of people in a desolate Truck Stop are held hostage by a gang of homicidal 18-wheelers. The frightened people set out to defeat the killer machines...or be killed by them. Mitchell Huffman In a truck-stop diner, a waitress has her hand cut by an electric knife that seems to have a mind of its own. From that point on, every manner of machine seems to come alive, with an evil and violent personality. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> When the tail of rogue comet Rhea-M passes through Earth's atmosphere, humanity's worst nightmares come to life as machines gradually develop minds of their own, turning on their creators in bloody rebellion. At the Dixie Boy truck stop just outside Wilmington, North Carolina, both workers and patrons alike are coming to grips with the horror as a series of increasingly bizarre accidents occur, some injurious, some near-fatal, and some fatal. The terror finally comes to a head when the parked trucks - led by one for a toy company which sports a demonically-smiling goblin face - each start up on their own, circling the truck stop and preventing anyone from getting in or out. Trapped by the trucks and an emotionless manager ( Pat Hingle ), a young ex-con ( Emilio Estevez ) takes it upon himself to lead the rescue of anyone in the immediate vicinity who's life is in danger, and to ultimately escape the truck stop and head to safety. Unfortunately, things become more complicated when a machine-gun-mounted mobile platform orders each of the humans to pump gasoline for the trucks. Pitted against an army of machines demonized by an unknown phenomenon, the people trapped in the Dixie Boy truck stop must use stealth and a concealed arsenal to escape. In the meantime, they realize that there is more to the tail of Rhea-M than they initially thought. Curly Q. Link Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On June 19, 1987 at 9:47 am Eastern Standard Time, planet Earth passes through the tail of a rogue comet, Rhea-M, for just over a week. In Wilmington, North Carolina, machines suddenly come to life and attack humans. A marquee sign about a bank displays an insult and an ATM calls a bank customer an "asshole." (The bank client is writer-director Stephen King, in a cameo.) The town's drawbridge suddenly lifts itself, spilling cars and trucks off of it, killing several people much to the shock of the elderly bridge keeper and his dim-witted assistant. At the Dixie Boy truck stop outside town, Bill Robinson (Emilio Estevez), a recently paroled prisoner from the state pen, working as the short order cook, meets with his new boss, Hendershot (Pat Hingle), the owner of the truck stop. The nasty redneck Hendershot has a system worked out to make life unbearable for parolees who come to work for him, mostly forcing them to work overtime for no pay (as part of his twisted way to exploit them). Hendershot threatens to send Bill back to prison if he doesn't agree to work for extra hours "off the clock". A few of the Dixie Boy's regulars drive up in their semi-haulers. One of them is a man, named Handy (Frankie Faison), who works for Happy Toyz and has a huge green goblin's face mounted on the front of his truck. Some time after he pulls up, his truck starts itself up and moves about 100 feet on it's own. Handy can't believe it since he has the keys. While filling a vehicle with diesel fuel, mechanic Duncan Keller (J.C. Quinn) notices that the flow of diesel from the nozzle has stopped. He looks down the nozzle and it suddenly squirts him in the eyes, temporarily blinding him. Fellow employees, Steve (Barry Bell) and Joe (Pat Miller), tend to him. In the video game room, a would-be thief (Giancarlo Esposito) is stealing change from the machines and gets electrocuted by a huge surge of electricity from one of the video games. While tending the stove, the truck stop waitress Wanda June (Ellen McElduff) gets seriously injured when an electric carving knife turns itself on and cuts a deep cash on her left forearm. Bill runs in to tend to her wound and smashes the electric knife with a hammer. Meanwhile, at a junior league baseball game, the winning coach wants to buy sodas for his team. The soda machine swallows his money and then shoots the cans at high speed, hitting him first in the crotch, then in the head, killing him. The machine spits more cans at the players, who run from the field. One of the players, Deke (Holter Graham), a catcher, quickly puts his catcher's mask over his face when several cans fly toward him. Suddenly, a steamroller breaks through the scoreboard and runs over one of the young players. Deke notices that the steamroller has no driver. He mounts his bicycle and races off. On a deserted freeway, a female hitchhiker, named Brett Graham (Laura Harrington), is riding with a gross lecherous Bible salesman and con artist, named Loman (Christopher Murney), who makes inappropriate passes against her. Trying to get a signal on the car radio, Brett briefly hears a vague news announcement, over garbled and static broadcasting, speaking of "unexplained events" being reported, as well as about the local microwave facilities being inoperative, and issuing a urgent message to "get away at once" from all the local roads or major highways. Brett is forced to grab the steering wheel and pull into the Dixie Boy truck stop when Loman does not stop. They argue over this when the Happy Toyz truck starts by itself while Joe is still filling it with fuel and it moves a short distance. Upon checking the inside to the truck's cab, Bill finds the cabin empty. Brett notices that there are no cars on the road at all, something unusual for 10:30 am in the morning. In town, Duncan's son, Deke, sees that many people have been killed at their homes by machines. He hears another garbled radio broadcast about machines all over the world coming to life and killing people. One of them is a blood-splattered runaway lawnmower, which chases him but he is able to easily outrun it on his bike. He then hides from a driver less ice cream truck, which doesn't detect him in the bushes. Deke waits until the truck is gone and rides for the Dixie Boy where his father works. On another back road, a ditsy redneck newlywed couple, Curt (John Short) and Connie (Yeardley Smith), are driving toward their honeymoon destination. They notice that there are many stalled and wrecked cars along the road. They pull into a local garage to find the mechanic dead, and a tow-truck starting up and trying to run them down. Curt manages to duck out of the way and the tow truck crashes into the garage. Curt and Connie then drive away. Back at the Dixie Boy, Duncan attempts to leave to look for his son despite protests from Bill and threats from Hendershot (implying that Duncan is also an ex-con and that Hendershot is exploiting his background for his own gain). But while walking to his truck, one of the sedate trucks starts up and runs over Duncan, killing him. The con-artist Bible salesman, Camp Loman, runs out to insult the "driver" only to realize that no one is driving the truck. The Happy Toyz truck starts up again and chases Loman a short distance and backs up into him, sending him flying and landing in a nearby ditch. Steve and Handy then drag Duncan's dead body back inside and Hendershot orders him to be placed in the basement with the dead body of the video game player. With the phones and CB radios out of order, the group inside the truck stop debates on what to do next when all of the 18-wheeler semi trucks at the truck stop start up and begin to drive in a circle around the truck stop building, trapping the people inside. Back on the deserted highway, Curtis and Connie spot a long convoy of driver less trucks traveling on the opposite end of the road when one of the trucks, an older model flatbed, notices them and begins to chase them. Curtis is able to maneuver away from the truck and cause it to crash off an embankment, destroying it. He sees the sign for the Dixie Boy and takes the exit. Upon arrival, Curtis and Connie see the truck stop under siege by the circling trucks and when Curtis attempts to drive through the circle to reach the safety of the inside, their car is hit and gets toppled over by one of the trucks. Bill and Brett run outside and rescue Curtis and Connie and as they run back, Hendershot walks out with a M-72 66mm LAW (light anti-tank) rocket launcher and blows up two of the trucks with anti-tank rockets, saving them. A little later, Bill asks Joe about the weapons Hendershot has in the basement. Bill and Brett venture to the cellar and discover a huge stash of weapons ranging from assault rifles to rocket launchers to grenades. Hendershot appears and threatens to send Bill back to prison for snooping around, but Bill arms himself and warns Hendershot not to interfere with him. Bill confides in Brett about his criminal past about robbing a grocery store and his predicament and that Hendershot does not seem to take anything seriously. At nightfall, the power in the truck stop goes out as the trucks continue circling the building. Brett notices a bright green light covering the sky and deducts that the passing comet is responsible. Bill suggests traveling to an island where there are no vehicles or machines and hide out until it is all over. A little later, when everyone hears the sounds of the injured Camp Loman screaming from the ditch where he landed earlier, Bill and Curt volunteer to go out to rescue him. Carrying weapons borrowed from Hendershot's arsenal as well as rope, they run to a nearby building past the trucks (many of which are starting to run out of fuel) and lower themselves into a nearby sewer drainpipe to lead to the ditch where Loman is. In the meantime, Deke has made it to the Dixie Boy and crawls through another drainpipe to the creek where Loman is, but the wounded and near-death Bible salesman, by this time has become insane and tries to kill Deke when he approaches him. Bill and Curt come by and grab Deke away as a dump truck spots them and attempts to run them down, forcing them leave behind Loman (whom is presumably dead by this point) and back into the drainpipe. They make it back to the showers building and run across the parking lot back to the Dixie Boy, with Bill blowing up another truck with his rocket launcher. Bill at first refuses to tell Deke where his father is until Hendershot blurts out that Duncan was killed earlier by one of the trucks. Deke is devastated, while everyone (Brett most of all) is angry at Hendershot for being so insensitive. Hendershot remains oblivious to his own actions. The next morning, most of the trucks have stalled, having run out of gas. However, two more trucks arrive, they are a large bulldozer and a small military vehicle with a M-60 machine gun mounted. When the bulldozer crashes into the building, Hendershot (despite the protests from Bill) fires a rocket at it, temporarily disabling it. As a result, the military vehicle opens fire on the Dixie Boy building. In the storm of bullets, Hendershot, Wanda June, and three of the truck drivers are fatally gunned down. Then the military vehicle begins beeping its horn in a Morse code message which Deke translates as "Someone must pump fuel. Someone will not be harmed. All fuel must be pumped." When the power for the building comes on again, Bill decides to turn on the pumps, despite Brett's protests not to trust the trucks. Bill points out that they have to with the military vehicle's presence. Over most of the day, in 100F degree heat, Bill, Brett, Deke, Curtis, and a few others take turns venturing outside and refueling all the trucks, plus hundreds more trucks that arrive at the Dixie Boy to refuel. When the fuel runs out, a driver less tanker truck appears and beckons Bill to refill the truck stop's fuel tanks to continue the refueling. Exhausted by the hard work and the heat, Bill retires to rest where Brett comforts him. Bill points out a possible explanation for these events as being a race of aliens using the comet to wipe out humanity and having the machines making them work as their slaves. Handy tells Bill about working on an escape where they will get out through the basement and to a drainage pipe to the outside. Sometime later, Bill walks outside where he talks to another truck driver filling up the trucks where he drops a grenade into the small military vehicle, destroying it. With that, all of the refueled trucks begin circling the Dixie Boy once again. At nightfall, Bill, Brett, Deke, Curtis, Connie and the rest of the survivors escape through the drainage pipe, armed with various weapons from the late Hendershot's arsenal and decide to make a run for the open ocean and to the island where there are no trucks. When the trucks see that the people inside the Dixie Boy are gone, they all smash into the building, destroying it in a series of spectacular explosions. Bill leads the survivors across the back roads and fields in the area to make it to the local marina to find a sailboat to take them to the island. They have narrow encounters with numerous machines including the driver less ice cream truck. Upon arrival at the marina, they all head out to a sailboat when one of the truck drivers, named Brad (Leon Rippy), attempts to steal a diamond ring from the corpse of a woman (Marla Maples) caught in her car passenger window when the leader of the living trucks, the Green Goblin of Happy Toyz, arrives and runs down Brad, killing him. Bill runs from the docks and quickly destroys the Happy Toyz truck with a rocket launcher. In the final shot, Bill, Brett and the rest of the dozen survivors sail away from the marina to find help and safety. A disclaimer in the final shot reveals that two days later a Russian "weather satellite" destroyed a large UFO orbiting Earth with nuclear tipped missiles, causing all machines to become sedate. Another two days later, Earth passed through the tail of the comet and everything seemingly returned to normal. It is also implied that the Dixie Boy survivors were the only survivors to the worldwide machine revolt. 