nm0008193:

 Recht op recht (19982002)Summaries Senior partner Paul Emile Leduc's law firm handles various legal cases. Mundane, vain partner Gabril Nukerke specializes in show-business. Selfrighteous, yet sort of idealistic Chris Haagdoorn handles must criminal cases, in close collaboration with private detective Hugo Van Eyck, who tends to cut corners. Rookie Luc Lievens came to learn on the job, but lacks experience and confidence to get interesting cases. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tangier (2006)Summaries In August 1996, bus drivers Marcel Van Loock and Wim Moreels are apprehended by the Moroccan Customs for drug trafficking. Inside their bus, hidden behind a false compartment, they have discovered 700 pounds of hashish. Although the owner of the bus company is arrested as well and makes a full confession clearly indicating that both drivers were unaware of the hidden drugs, the Moroccan judge sentences both men to 5 years in the Moroccan prison of Tangiers. Nothing could have prepared the two men for life inside a Moroccan prison. Without food, clothes or medical care, they must learn how to take care of themselves to survive their stay in prison. Corrupt guards, corrupt lawyers and judges, a consul who doesn't care and frequent beatings are only part of the terrible prison. Meanwhile their families at home are left without any information, any help or any hope - finding out that their own government doesn't care for Belgian people in prisons abroad. Dennis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Infiltrant (2014)Summaries Sam was born in the Netherlands as the son of a Moroccan father and Dutch mother. After his father abandoned him and his mother, he throws himself fully to his career as a police officer. He is driven by the ambition to really mean something for society. To make a difference on the streets, but also in how people think about Moroccans. His desire for acceptance by his peers and superiors at the Amsterdam police drives him to search the boundaries within the law. If he is asked to infiltrate in a Moroccan drug family, he sees it as a chance to show his qualities. When he becomes part of the family a long-suppressed feeling comes up: finally it feels like he has a home. The Moroccan family is less criminal than he thought, and his relationship with two of the members is getting stronger. Eventually Sam comes to stand for a moral conflict: he must choose between his career as a police officer and the family. Lemming Film Samir was born in Holland as son of a Moroccan father and a Dutch mother. After graduating from the Police Academy, he now gravely desires appreciation from his police force. By infiltrating in a Moroccan drugs family he can prove his special value. While he becomes part of this family, Samir is confronted with long suppressed feelings; he feels at home. The family turns out to be not as clear-cut bad as he thought, while the police force isn't always as upright as they seem to be. Samir finds himself entangled in a moral dilemma. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Thuis (1995 )Summaries A Flemish series about the daily trials and relationships of the inhabitants of a town in Belgium. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 