nm0003296:

 Jurassic Park III (2001)761) A decidedly odd couple with ulterior motives convince Dr. Grant to go to Isla Sorna for a holiday, but their unexpected landing startles the island's new inhabitants. Dr. Alan Grant is now a happy man with the previous incidents of Jurassic Park now behind him. Grant is that happy that he announce in public, that nothing on Earth can persuade him back onto the islands. Maybe nothing, except Paul Kirby. Kirby and his wife, Amanda want a plane to fly them over Isla Sorna, with Dr. Grant as their guide. But not everything Kirby says is true. When the plane lands, Dr. Grant realizes that there is another reason why they are there, that he doesn't know of. Now, Dr. Grant is stuck on an island he has never been on before, with what was a plane journey now turned into a search party. Film_Fan An insistent but lucrative invitation by the well-off thrill-seekers, Paul and Amanda Kirby, drags Jurassic Park's survivor and esteemed palaeontologist, Dr. Alan Grant, to InGen's Isla Sorna for an aerial tour, eight years after Isla Nublar's absolute debacle. However, only when the team gets marooned on the seemingly isolated island will Dr. Grant unearth the naked truth behind the couple's risky proposition, as a multitude of ferocious living fossils hunts them down like prey. Is there an escape from this green inferno of primaeval horrors? Nick Riganas Eight years after the InGen incident, Dr. Alan Grant is happy with his life far from any dinosaurs other than fossilized. Unfortunately, he is extremely short in research money, and therefore accepts the offer of wealthy businessman Paul Kirby: A low flight over isolated Isla Sorna, where InGen's second research site was located, and Dr. Grant can fund his future research for a long time. What Dr. Grant didn't know is that Kirby just needs a dinosaur expert to help him and his wife find their fourteen-year-old son Eric, who crashed on the island while paragliding. What he did suspect, but never wanted to witness, is that the Velociraptors have evolved into a communicating species (and seemingly all along had the capability to do so), now being smarter than primates. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Anxious to fund research for his new theory of velociraptor intelligence, renowned paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant is persuaded by wealthy adventurer Paul Kirby and his wife Amanda to accompany them on an aerial tour of Isla Sorna. This infamous island, once InGen's site B, has become both a primordial breeding ground for John Hammond's magnificent creations and a magnet for thrill-seekers eager to encounter them. When a tragic accident maroons the party of seven, Grant discovers the true reason his deceptive hosts have invited him along. In their perilous attempt to escape, the dwindling group encounters terrifying new creatures undisclosed by InGen, and Grant is forced to learn the dreadful implications of his raptor intelligence theory firsthand. Sujit R. Varma Adventure runs wild when renowned paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant agrees to accompany a wealthy adventurer and his wife on an aerial tour of Isla Sorna, InGen's former breeding ground for prehistoric creatures. But when they're terrifyingly stranded, Dr. Grant discovers that his hosts are not what they seem, and the island's native inhabitants are smarter, faster, fiercer, and more brutal than he ever imagined. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Young Erik Kirby ( Trevor Morgan ) is tandem parasailing with his mom's boyfriend Ben Hildebrand ( Mark Harelik ) near a lush island west of Costa Rica. The tow boat drives through a mist, and the tow line is jerked several times. Emerging from the mist, the two men operating the boat are gone, so the boat crashes into rocks. The parasailers unhook their line from the boat and try to control their descent to the uninhabited island. Toddler Charlie ( Blake Michael Bryan ) is playing with dinosaurs in his backyard sandbox. Paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant ( Sam Neill ) tries to correct him as to which dinosaurs are predators, so his baby-toting mom (and paleobotanist) Dr. Ellie Sattler ( Laura Dern ) has to point out that he's a little young for that much information. Her husband, Mark Degler ( Taylor Nichols ) appears on the scene, and they have dinner together. As Mark checks on the kids, who've nicknamed Alan the Dinosaur Man, Alan reveals his new research findings to Ellie, who was his former dig partner and fellow survivor of the ill-fated visit to Jurassic Park. Alan tells her that his latest findings have revealed that velociraptors, his primary research subject, were much smarter than they'd previously found. When Alan leaves, Ellie tells him to call if he needs anything. Alan is garnering scant interest in his latest auditorium lecture, speculating on sonic abilities and thus possible communication between raptors, because his lecture audience only wants to ask about his experiences at Jurassic Park or the San Diego Tyrannosaurus incident. In one answer, he states that nothing could induce him to return to the dinosaur islands. On a desert airfield/junkyard, men-for-hire Cooper ( John Diehl ) and M.B. Nash ( Bruce A. Young ) test out a powerful large caliber weapon, while booking agent Mr. Udesky ( Michael Jeter ) reassures Mr. Kirby by phone that he has hired the best team and that everything will be taken care of. Returning to the dig site, Alan tells his assistant Billy Brennan ( Alessandro Nivola ) that their funding is running out. Billy shows him a model he's created of the sounding space in a raptor skull - it produces an eerie noise when he blows through it. They are interrupted by Paul Kirby ( William H. Macy ), who invites them to dinner. Billy accepts on behalf of a reluctant Alan. At dinner, adventurous Paul and Amanda Kirby ( Ta Leoni ) ask Alan to be their guide in a flight over Isla Sorna, the "second island" of Jurassic Park, and offer a generous donation to continue funding the dig. A small plane flies over the water towards Isla Sorna. Billy sorts his camera equipment, explaining to Alan how the camera bag once saved his life in a gliding incident. Alan falls asleep, and wakes to see the plane empty of people, and a talking velociraptor calling his name ... the voice is Billy's, startling Alan out of this nightmare. As they get over land, the Kirbys and the crew start anxiously looking out the windows, while Alan innocently tries to point out the paleontological sights. When he realizes they intend to land, Alan rushes towards the cockpit to stop them, and one of the men knocks him unconscious. When he awakens, they are on the ground, shouting in the brush for someone named "Eric". Alan tells them the shouting is bad, causing more shouting ... and loud growling is heard. Billy thinks it's a tyrannosaurus, but Alan says it's something bigger. As the group rushes to board the plane, they notice Cooper is missing. Shots are fired in the brush. They start the plane and rev down the runway, when a bleeding, injured Cooper suddenly appears in their path, waving and sobbing for them to stop. Pilot Nash knows he cannot stop - and suddenly a huge dinosaur emerges from the trees and devours Cooper, spattering blood on the plane as it tries to avoid a collision. With the fuel lines severed, the plane crashes through the jungle, losing wings and tail before finally stopping up in a tree. As the group is recovering their nerves, they find the radio is broken and try to use Paul's satellite phone to call for help, but can't get through. Nash securely snaps the phone into a vest pocket. Moments later, the front of the plane is torn away by a tall dinosaur, who grabs Nash, screaming. He falls to the ground, but the dinosaur scoops him up and eats him. As the monster returns his attention to the plane, everyone rushes to the rear, causing the wreck to overbalance and fall to the ground. The dinosaur rolls the fuselage over and over, tumbling the occupants, and finally tears a hole in the side. As it pokes its snout inside, they run away - and encounter a feeding tyrannosaurus rex. Alan orders everyone to hold still - but they all run. The two giant dinosaurs meet, then duel it out as the humans flee again. During the battle, the larger dinosaur snaps the neck of the tyrannosaur. Alan barely escapes the scene alive. Finally given some breathing room, Alan's punch knocks Paul to the ground. They finally learn about Eric, and how the boy went missing eight weeks previously. Disgusted, Alan plans with Billy to head for the coast and hope for rescue rather than look for the boy, and given the limited chance for survival either way, the group follows along. Back at the crash site, the group salvages things for the hike, and Alan explains the first dinosaur was of the species "spinosaurus", specifically spinosaurus aegypticus, believed to be the largest and most dangerous predatory dinosaur that ever lived. Billy observes Paul fumbling with his backpack, and confronts him about his adventurous claims - finding out he's not wealthy, Kirby confesses that he's just a small businessman who owns a bathroom and tile store in Enid, Oklahoma. Alan quickly deduces that the check the Kirbys gave him is worthless. The group soon finds the parasail, and Eric's lifejacket and video camera, which proves that Eric was still alive when they landed. Alan suggests they keep the parasail for later use, but as they pull it down, Ben's rotting corpse swings down and entangles Amanda. Hysterical, she runs to a nearby stream, and as Paul comforts her she explains she's more concerned for Erik than Ben. They call Alan over ... and he sees dinosaur eggs in several nests along the river. "Raptor", he whispers, and the group quickly moves on. Alan notices Billy's absence and has to come back for him. When he finds Billy, he explains that he'd lagged behind a bit to photograph the raptor nest. They find the park building complex and go inside, but a shadow of a raptor runs past a window. Billy smashes a candy machine open while Paul fumbles for change, and as they snack they walk into the incubation room. Amanda walks past the tanks, seeing bigger and bigger dinosaur fetuses, until she sees a full grown head - as she gets a closer look, a raptor jumps out from behind the tank. They run into a cage area where the raptor pins Billy and Amanda behind a cage door - but when it sniffs the air upward and begins to climb, they push the door around and trap it. Outside, the raptors scream to each other. Alan leads the humans into the brachiosaur herd. As the herd starts running, the people are occasionally knocked down - Billy drops his old camera bag, but Alan picks it up for him. Udesky runs into a clearing, but a raptor is there waiting for him, and punches a claw in his back, then leaves. Billy, Paul and Amanda climb a tree, but when they spot Udesky and call to him, he moves, so Amanda feels they should rescue him. As she tries to go toward him, she slips and ends up swinging upside down from the tree, with two raptors below jumping up at her. As they pull her back up, Billy realizes the raptors used Udesky to set a trap. Having failed, a raptor breaks Udesky's neck and the raptors run off. Alan is trapped by raptors and is looking death in the face when suddenly some tear gas canisters are thrown into the area and their smoke confuses & drives the raptors off. A strangely-garbed figure jumps out and leads Alan away, to his hideout - it is Eric, amazingly alive. He has used supplies from the complex, but also his own ingenuity to survive, learning how to cope with the various dinosaurs. He has read Alan's books, and notices that Alan *liked* dinosaurs before he visited Jurassic Park. Spending time together, Amanda blames herself for thrill-seeking with boyfriend Ben, because Eric would have been safe at home with dependable (and a bit dull) Paul. He tells her it's not her fault. Erik and Alan emerge from his hideout, and Alan spots a boat down a canyon. Elsewhere, Billy explains to Amanda that they will not search for Alan because the agreed plan is to head for the coast, and Paul supports him by saying it's logical that the big dinosaurs would be in the center of the island, so Eric is probably headed for the coast as well. In the meantime, Eric explains to Alan that he stayed near the compound because that's where people would look for him ... and that the dinos get bigger towards the coast. Suddenly Erik hears a noise - his dad's satellite phone and the jingle from his tile store. He runs recklessly through the jungle, calling for his mother and father. They happen to be within earshot of his cries and also run in his direction, calling. They meet at a tall steel fence, topped with spikes and lined with nylon cording. After happy greetings, he mentions the satellite phone, and they realize who had it last ... the unfortunate Nash. And as they look up, the spinosaurus has entered the area on Alan and Erik's side of the fence. Alan whispers, "Run!" They run along the fence, the dino chases after them, and luckily they find a space they can get through to the other side before it catches them. After snapping at them through the gap, it seemingly stalks off. As they make for a nearby building, the spinosaur crashes through the fence. The group runs inside the building and slams a large steel door which surprisingly holds off the dinosaur. Billy anxiously asks Alan for his camera bag back. Alan, thinking that Billy has placed too much importance on his bag, opens it and finds two raptor eggs. Billy claims he was going to use the profits to fund their dig back home. Alan is livid, but stops himself before throwing the eggs out the window. He explains that the raptors wouldn't realize they no longer had the eggs, so he keeps them. He harshly tells Billy he's no better than the people who build the park for profit. As they descend the stairs to the canyon below, they find the curious screened platforms precarious, so they have to go one at a time. Alan and Amanda make it across a bridge, but Eric is halfway across when Alan realises that the deposit on the handrail is bird excrement, and that they are actually in a giant birdcage ... for pteranodons. Eric is picked up by a mama bird and dropped on a cliff perch, evidently as food for some hatchlings. He runs but there is no way down. Billy is determined to save him, and jumps off a bridge using the parasail - Erik grabs on and they continue to descend the canyon. Eric falls and makes it to shore, but Billy's parachute gets hung up on the side of a cliff face, with an angry ptero harassing him. Amanda gets to Eric, but he is concerned for Billy, and has to be pulled away to safety. Amanda and Eric leave through the gate, but it does not latch behind them. Billy manages to unbuckle his harness and fall into the water, but the fliers are quickly after him. Alan and Paul run down, but he yells at them to get away. A group of the pteranodons are quickly after him, and the water around him runs red. A ptero turns a hostile eye on the two men, and they beat a hasty retreat, plunging into the water and swimming out from under the cage wall. The group boards the boat and poles it away, and eventually Paul gets the motor running. Amanda seems impressed by his competence. Eric gives his sympathies to Alan for Billy, and Alan expresses regret over his last words to Billy. He realizes that Billy was just young, and that there are astronomers (watchers, like paleontologists), and astronauts. "It's the difference between imagining and seeing." As day breaks, the boat glides past a spectacular field of dinosaurs. It's dark again, and Paul suddenly stops the boat to listen for a noise. It's the satellite phone, once again. As their eyes sweep the shore, they see large mounds of feces - clearly Nash & the phone have passed all the way through the spinosaur. They bring the boat to shore and shove their arms deep into the mounds, pulling out bones and other items until the phone is discovered. Ignoring the time-share caller they take the phone. To their terror, a dinosaur suddenly pokes its nose into the area - only to walk away because they perhaps smell too badly to be eaten. Later, they are back on the boat and it's raining. Paul explains there will only be enough juice in the battery for one call, and it definitely should not be to the US Embassy. Eric notices activity in the water - Alan says they are bonitos, and wonders what has spooked them. He orders Paul to get the engine running again, and rapidly dials the satellite phone. Unfortunately, little Charlie picks up. Alan tries to get him to take the phone to Ellie, and reminds Charlie that he's the Dinosaur Man. Charlie goes to take the phone to his mom, but she is outside bidding his dad goodbye and he can't open the door. He gets distracted watching Barney on TV, but then remembers the phone again, and goes to find mom. In the meantime, the engine fails to catch, and as the spinosaurus attacks the boat, the phone is knocked from Alan's hand. They are forced to take shelter in a caged area of the boat, but the spinosaurus persists in his attacks, puncturing the gas tank and tearing things up. When Ellie gets the phone, there is nobody there, but Charlie tells her it's the Dinosaur Man. Bemused, she does a call back, and the satellite phone starts ringing. A lucky tip of the boat slides the phone to Alan's reach once again, but the spinosaurus has dislodged the cage from the boat and is knocking it into the water. While Ellie is asking if he's on a cell phone because the connection is so terrible, Alan only has time to shout "site B" and "the river" before he goes under and the call is disconnected. Little Charlie holds up his arms and growls at her, saying "Dinosaur Man!" Her face grows horrified and she begins dialing again. As the spinosaurus tumbles the cage in the water, seeking a way in, Paul is ejected from the cage. He surfaces, then swims toward a nearby shack with a tall crane over the water. He climbs it, and as the dinosaur has found a way to get a claw inside and has a bloody hold on Amanda, he begins shouting and waving to attract its attention. It comes toward the crane, unnerving him as he tries to decide how to cope with the attention, but at least Amanda, Paul and Alan have been able to climb out of the cage. Seeing Paul's plight, Alan dives under water to retrieve the flare gun. When he surfaces, he fires directly at the reptile's head, which doesn't faze it in the slightest ... but when the flare falls on the water, it ignites all of the leaked fuel. Suddenly flames leap up around the dinosaur, and it knocks over the crane before leaving the scene. Amanda and Eric are devastated, as it seems Paul is dead. But he emerges from the water nearby for a tearful reunion. As their journey continues, they think they hear the ocean. They all start running, but in the center of a clearing they are suddenly surrounded by raptors. Alan says they want the eggs, and orders the group to their knees in response to the raptor challenge. The raptor sniffs Amanda, evidently suspecting her as the egg-napper. Alan gives her the eggs, which she pushes forward, with her eyes on the ground. Alan spies the sounding model in the old bag, and takes it out and blows on it. The first call is wrong, seeming to set the raptors on edge, but he changes it to better effect. However, the raptors hear another noise entirely, so they call to each other, grab the eggs and swiftly depart. The new noise? A helicopter. The group runs to the shore and sees a man with a megaphone calling for Dr. Grant. The Kirbys run forward waving their arms, saying it's a very bad idea (as Alan did at the beginning). However, the sole figure on the beach is quickly backed up by helicopters, troop landing ships, and a great deal of firepower. As they board a helicopter, they are in for one more shock - a bandaged but alive Billy is on a stretcher inside. As the choppers fly away, they are passed - by pteranodon, flying free. 
 Jumper (2008)541) A teenager with teleportation abilities suddenly finds himself in the middle of an ancient war between those like him and their sworn annihilators. David Rice is a high school student in Ann Arbor, abandoned by his mother at five, living with his callous, alcoholic father, enamored with Millie, a fellow student, and picked on by at least one classmate. On a winter's day, while about to drown, he discovers he can transport himself instantaneously to anyplace on earth. He runs away from home, goes to New York City, robs a bank vault, and comes to the attention of a shadowy group of government hunters. Eight years later, the hunters, led by the murderous Roland, get a fix on David. He heads home, searches out Millie, invites her to travel with him, and only later realizes that Roland and his crew are seriously deadly. Is everyone close to David in danger? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Twenty-something David Rice has known for eight years, since he was a teenager in high school in Ann Arbor, that he could teleport himself to anywhere in the world at anytime, this skill which he stumbled upon by happenstance at a most opportune time. He honed his abilities so that he could get away from his high school bullies and his alcoholic single father - his mother who abandoned them when David was five - by stealing money to live a lavish, adventurous, new life in New York City, with everyone from his old life believing him dead. He decides to return to Ann Arbor to reconnect with his high school friend/crush, Millie Harris, and give her the travel adventures she always wanted. He does so as he values his life even more now after discovering that someone is after him and seemingly trying to kill him, that person who knows that he is a "jumper". David learns that he is not alone, that there are fellow jumpers in the world, who are in a war with this man, Roland, and his well organized, high tech and motivated group of religious fanatics, the Paladins, who believe jumpers are an aberration to be destroyed. David may be further illuminated about his situation by someone from his distant past. He also quickly figures out that by bringing Millie back into his life, he has placed her in mortal danger. Although he doesn't want to tell her the entire truth, David also has to decide if telling her the truth would be a safer option for her than not. Huggo David Rice lives in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He was left by his mother when he was five years old. The teenaged David does not have a good relationship with his father; and he has a crush on his schoolmate Millie Harris. When David gives a snow globe with the Eiffel Tower to Millie, the bully Mark Kobold throws it onto a frozen river. David tries to retrieve the object, but the ice shatters and David fall under the ice. Suddenly he teleports himself to a library and discovers that he has the ability to jump anywhere he wants. He decides to run away from home, moving to New York, and uses his power to rob a bank vault. Eight years later, David is living in a fancy apartment in New York and having a life full of adventure, traveling to the most exotic places in the world. He decides to visit Millie in Ann Arbor and invites her to visit Rome. While in the Coliseum, David meets the jumper Griffin that explains to him that the dangerous Roland Cox and his team of paladins are chasing him and his family and friends are in danger. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Shy teen David Rice ( Max Thieriot ) has a crush on pretty Millie ( AnnaSophia Robb ), who dreams of travelling the world. When he surprises her with a small gift, a snow globe of the Eiffel Tower, teasing bully Mark ( Jesse James ) grabs it and throws it out onto the icy surface of the river. Determined, David ventures out on the ice and retrieves it, waving ... then falls through the ice and is swept away from the opening by the swift current. He is certain to die in the freezing water, without air ... and suddenly finds himself lying prone in the library between the bookcases, in a huge gush of gallons of water, gasping and alive. He trudges home, soaking wet, where his father ( Michael Rooker ) chews him out. David enters his room, putting a chain on the door ... but when his angry father bursts it open, there is only a swirl of wind - David has vanished. He finds himself in the damp aisle of the darkened library, and realises he has teleported there yet again. It dawns on him that he finally has a way to change his life, to escape his situation, the same way his mother abandoned the family when he was five. He teleports home and retrieves a small stash of money and a few belongings. But before he leaves town, he stops outside Millie's house. Millie is not consoled by her mother's arms; she is sure that David is dead. She hears a noise outside, steps cautiously out into the yard ... and finds the snowglobe sitting on the swingset. From this she knows he is alive, but he does not respond to her calls. The next day he is on a bus to the city, where he rents a cheap room. He practices teleporting in the park, learning how to control his power. Then he cases a bank, and robs it by teleporting directly in to the vault in the middle of the night. He laughs as he realises his bag isn't big enough to take away all the money ... teleports back to his shabby hotel for another bag ... and repeats this until his room is awash in money and he lies on a bed of it. However, the mysterious Roland ( Samuel L. Jackson ) appears at the bank investigation, claiming to be from the NSA, remarkably unsurprised by this locked door robbery. It is evident that he knows about teleport abilities, and is part of a powerful group that wants to find this bank robber. Years have gone by, and David ( Hayden Christensen ) has an expensive city apartment, papered with pictures of his world travels, and a small vault room full of money. He enjoys the pleasures of life wherever they are: surfing in Fiji, lunching atop the Sphinx in Egypt, picking up a girl in a British pub. He phases from one spot to another in his home, rather than walking even two paces, and disregards the troubles of ordinary people shown on television trapped in rising floodwaters. His peace is disturbed by the arrival of Roland, whose electrical weapon and wires prevent David from teleporting. We learn that Roland's mission in life is to destroy jumpers (people who teleport), for "only God should have the power to be everywhere." Desperate, David manages somehow to get away, teleporting back to his boyhood bedroom. His father is alerted to his presence, and comes to the bedroom door, begging him to stay. David teleports away as his father forces the door open. His idyllic lifestyle disrupted, he decides to see his lost love, Millie ( Rachel Bilson ). He finds her still in the same town, working at a bar. His old nemesis Mark ( Teddy Dunn ) manages to start a fight once again ... and in a rush David teleports with him into a bank vault, then leaves him there. Returning to the bar, he asks Millie to go with him to Rome. She is shocked, but as it's her lifelong dream she can only accept. When they get to Rome, he enjoys her delight as he shows her around the ancient city, but is balked when they find the Coliseum closed. Rather than take "no" for an answer and return another day, he goes around the corner ... and when she catches up, he is holding a gate open to admit her. He continues to open doors from the inside as they pursue their private tour ... until they try to go down to the floor of the stadium. Suddenly he is surprised to meet another jumper, Griffin ( Jamie Bell ), who informs him that he's not the only one and that there is a whole group of people like Roland, paladins, who want to kill jumpers ... and two of them suddenly turn up. Griffin is prepared to fight their methods, and eventually subdues the attackers and teleports away. David follows Griffin's teleport to his lair, asking questions. He is bewildered, and Griffin's brief explanations (such as explaining he will drop a paladin into some sharks) do nothing to enlighten him. Griffin explains that David cannot afford to have a girlfriend, family, or friends ... that they are all dead, that the paladins will kill them to get to him. David returns to Millie and agrees to leave, and they get away from officials inside the Coliseum - only to be detained outside. David doesn't jump - he tells Millie to go back to the hotel, but she refuses. Hours later, David is still being questioned by the police, who are holding him and his passport until some other authorities arrive. Suddenly, a woman ( Diane Lane ) appears, telling him to get out and abandon his girl, telling him how many minutes he has to escape. He recognises her from his childhood pictures - she is his mother!! He finds Millie and takes her to the airport, then explains sorrowfully that he cannot go back home with her. In the meantime, Roland has been brought in to talk to Mark, whom David left in a bank vault. Mark, exhausted from repeatedly telling his story to disbelieving officials, explains who David is, where they are from, everything he knows. Seizing this opportunity, Roland visits David's father. David returns to ask Griffin more questions, and this time the risk to his family sinks in. He teleports to his childhood home, and finds his father on the floor. Crying, he teleports his father to a hospital emergency room, trying to get help for him. He teleports to see Mark in jail, asking what he told Roland. Mark says he told him everything. David realises that Millie will be in danger as soon as she gets off the plane in the USA, but when he asks Griffin for help, Griffin refuses. David follows Griffin through jumps, trying to convince him. Griffin swipes a car and they ride together, Griffin teleporting the car through traffic as it suits him. They exchange some bits of information: the paladins killed Griffin's parents when he was five, and David's mother left when he was five. David asks about teleporting the car, and Griffin laughingly tells of a jumper who tried to teleport a building - he died in the attempt. Finally, Griffin agrees to help David for a "limited engagement" - the many drawings of Roland in Griffin's home make it clear that he has a grudge against this paladin. They arrive in the USA - and Millie's flight already arrived an hour before. He teleports to her apartment, hoping to get her out quickly - but Roland and his attack squad arrive before he can begin to explain. He manages to teleport her to Griffin's lair - and Griffin chews him out for it, because Roland can directly follow his teleport! Griffin prepares to abandon his home, but when Roland appears an epic battle begins. At one point Griffin teleports a bus at Roland, who manages to dive underneath it as it bounces. David is trapped, webbed up in a corner of the room by Roland's electrical wiring to be disposed of later. As Millie frees David, her anger at the situation and fear of his strange power are evident. She demands that he just take her home, and leave her alone. Naturally, she is soon captured and held hostage. Griffin plans to take a bomb to Millie's apartment to kill Roland ... however, this will involve killing everyone else there, including Millie. David doesn't want that, so the two of them teleport around the world, fighting over the bomb, then over the detonator, falling from the Empire State Building and appearing in a war zone, where David finally traps Griffin in some fallen power lines as effective as Roland's traps. David returns to Millie's apartment, knowing he's walking into the lion's den. They use electric wires all around him to tie him down, anchoring them to the walls. David has Millie move close to him, and, remembering Griffin's story, David doesn't try to move the whole building - just the parts attached to the anchor wires. As he uses his power, the building begins to rip apart, and the roof shatters as the apartment disappears out from under it. David teleports Roland to a cave and leaves him there, saying he should be grateful he didn't drop him at the sharks. David vanishes, and Roland walks to the cave opening - finding himself up an isolated cliff in the Grand Canyon. It is winter, and we see David walk up to an expensive home and knock. A teenage girl ( Kristen Stewart ) answers the door, followed moments later by David's mom, who sends her daughter to her room. David is there to find out what it all means, and why she left him as a child. She explains that she is a paladin, and when he made his first teleport at age 5 she could not kill him, so she left him because she loved him. He thinks she should do more - and she explains that she is, right now, because she's giving him a head start. He realises he will not get more from her. He leaves the house, and Millie meets him outside. He asks where she wants to go, and she says, "Surprise Me." They teleport away. 
 The Perfect Storm (2000)431) An unusually intense storm pattern catches some commercial fishermen unaware and puts them in mortal danger. In October 1991, a confluence of weather conditions combined to form a killer storm in the North Atlantic. Caught in the storm was the sword-fishing boat Andrea Gail. Magnificent foreshadowing and anticipation fill this true-life drama while minute details of the fishing boats, their gear and the weather are juxtaposed with the sea adventure. Erwin van Moll <max404@hotmail.com> Billy Tyne is a sword-fishing-boat captain out of Gloucester, highly competitive and stung by a string of poor outings. His crew is hardly back in port when he tells them he's going out again, even though it's October and the weather can turn ugly. Five join him: the young Bobby, newly in love; Murph, a devoted father recently divorced; Sully, a guy Murph despises; Bugsy, who's finally met a woman who likes him; and Alfred, a quiet Jamaican. They catch little, so they sail east, with Tyne ignoring storm warnings behind him. Finally, the fish bite, but the ice machine fails. Should they head home through the storm of the century, or wait it out and lose their catch? Fearful, the women wait. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In September 1991,the swordfishing boat,The Andrea Gail,returns to port in Gloucester,Massachusetts,with a poor catch. Desperate for money,Billy Tyne(The Captain),convinces the crew to join him for one more late season fishing expedition. They head out past their usual fishing grounds,leaving a developing thunderstorm,behind them. Initially unsuccessful,they head to the Flemish Cap,where their luck improves. At the height of their fishing the ice machine breaks;the only way to preserve their catch is to hurry back to shore. After debating whether to sail through the building storm or to wait it out,the crew decide to risk the storm. However,between the Andrea Gail and Gloucester is a confluence of 2 powerful weather fronts and a hurricane,which the crew of Andrea Gail underestimate. After repeated warnings from other ships,the Andrea Gail loses her antenna,forcing a fellow ship to call in a Mayday. An Air National Guard rescue helicopter responds,but after failing to perform a midair refuel,the helicopter crew ditch the aircraft before it crashes,and all but one of the crew members are rescued by a Coast Guard Vessel,The Tamaroa. The Andrea Gail endures various problems;with 40-foot/12 meter waves crashing on to the deck,a broken stabilizer ramming the side of the ship,and two men are thrown overboard. The crew decide to turn around to avoid further damage by the storm. After doing so,the vessel encounters an enormous rogue wave. After attempting and failing to ride over the wave,the stricken fishing vessel capsizes and sinks. Only Bobby Shatford,manages to get out of the boat;however,he has no chance of surviving. He is last seen all alone among the waves. Back at shore a memorial ceremony is carried out while friends and family worry and wait for a ship that never comes home. 
 Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace (1999)761) Two Jedi escape a hostile blockade to find allies and come across a young boy who may bring balance to the Force, but the long dormant Sith resurface to claim their original glory. The evil Trade Federation, led by Nute Gunray is planning to take over the peaceful world of Naboo. Jedi Knights Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi are sent to confront the leaders. But not everything goes to plan. The two Jedi escape, and along with their new Gungan friend, Jar Jar Binks head to Naboo to warn Queen Amidala, but droids have already started to capture Naboo and the Queen is not safe there. Eventually, they land on Tatooine, where they become friends with a young boy known as Anakin Skywalker. Qui-Gon is curious about the boy, and sees a bright future for him. The group must now find a way of getting to Coruscant and to finally solve this trade dispute, but there is someone else hiding in the shadows. Are the Sith really extinct? Is the Queen really who she says she is? And what's so special about this young boy? simon When the Trade Federation organize a blockade around the planet Naboo, the Supreme Chancellor Valorum sends the Jedi Qui-Gon Jinn and Obi-Wan Kenobi to negotiate the end of the blockade. However the evil Viceroy Nute Gunray is ordered to kill the Jedi and invade Naboo. However the Jedi escape and Qui-Gon saves the life of the clumsy Gungan Jar Jar Binks. The outcast native takes the Jedi to his submerged city and the Gungan leader gives transportation to them. The Jedi head to the capital to warn Queen Amidala about the invasion. However she has been captured by the Federation droids but the Jedi rescue the queen and her court and they flee in a spacecraft that is damaged when they cross the blockade. They land on a desert planet and Qui-Gon Jinn goes to the town with Jar Jar, the droid R2-D2 and the queen's assistant Padm to seek the necessary part for the spacecraft. When they find the component, they do not have money to buy it. But the slave boy Anakin Skywalker offers to dispute a race with his pod to raise the necessary money. Qui-Gon feels the Force in the boy and accepts his offer. Will the boy win the race? What will happen to Naboo? Will Queen Amidala be capable to convince the politicians to release her planet from the Trade Federation? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When the evil Trade Federation plots to take over the peaceful planet of Naboo, Jedi warrior Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi embark on an amazing adventure to save the planet. With them on their journey is the young Queen Amidala, Gungan outcast Jar Jar Binks, and the powerful Captain Panaka, who will all travel to the faraway planets of Tatooine and Coruscant in a futile attempt to save their world from Darth Sidious, leader of the Trade Federation, and Darth Maul, the strongest Dark Lord of the Sith to ever wield a lightsaber. Anchorhead <skywalker@n2space.com> As imminent conflict brews between the powerful Trade Federation and the peaceful planet of Naboo, Jedi Master Qui-Gon Jinn and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi travel to Naboo to warn the Queen of the galactic fallout which is to follow. Eventually, Naboo is invaded forcing the Jedi to evacuate the planet with the Queen and her court. They travel to the desert planet of Tatooine where they meet a slave boy named Anakin Skywalker who is evidently one with the Force. They enlist his help in fighting the war, while the Jedi confront one of the Dark Jedi behind the invasion, Darth Maul, while his master Darth Sidious continues to lead the invasion as a "phantom" behind the scenes. Matthew McQuillan <mjment@hotmail.com> It is a distant galaxy eons before the gestation of the planet Earth. Advancements in technology and science have allowed the evolution of millions of worlds that are otherwise in many respects still primitive. These worlds are somewhat loosely allied into a galactic Republic, whose capital world is the planet Coruscant, a planetary city. Upholding order for the Republic are the Jedi, an order of warriors endowed with near-super power derived from self-generated fields of energy known collectively as the Force. Within the Republic, dissident worlds have banded into an alliance known as the Trade Federation, and the Trade Federation is locked in a dispute with the peaceful world of Naboo. Two Jedi Knights, Qui-Gon Jinn and his youthful apprentice, Obi-Wan Kenobi, have been sent to Naboo to help mediate an end to the dispute, but Nute Gunray, an alien viceroy, orders them to be killed, and the two Jedi discover upon their escape that the Trade Federation will launch an invasion of Naboo. With the help of a well-meaning but hopelessly subliterate alien native of Naboo, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan land on Naboo to rescue her ruler, Queen Amidala, a ruler whose rule is a mixture of monarchy and republican democracy. Escaping Naboo, they are attacked by a Federation baseship and are forced to land on the distant planet Tatooine, where in seeking parts to complete their journey to Coruscant they encounter a young boy, Anakin Skywalker, a slave who possesses a gift for the savagely dangerous sport of podracing - a gift that Qui-Gon deduces is part of a genetic makeup perfect for the Jedi Order. Anakin eventually joins with Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan, and in the process attracts the attention of one of Queen Amidala's handmaidens with a dramatic secret, and all reach Coruscant, but endless and pointless debate within the Republic's Senate leave them no choice but to strike out on their own to liberate Naboo, a task made all the more difficult because a traitor within Coruscant has at his command a dissident Jedi warrior who seeks the death of Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan. stp43 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening crawl reveals that the Trade Federation, led by its Viceroy Nute Gunray, has blockaded the planet of Naboo in hope of resolving a galactic trade dispute. Chancellor Valorum (Terence Stamp) of the Galactic Republic, sends Jedi Knights Qui-Gon Jinn (Liam Neeson) and his apprentice Obi-Wan Kenobi (Ewan McGregor) on a secret mission to meet with the Trade Federation to settle the crisis. Unknown to them, the Trade Federation is in league with the mysterious Sith Lord Darth Sidious, who orders them to invade Naboo with their immense droid army and also to kill the two Jedi. Following a failed attempt to force their way into Gunray's command center, Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan escape and flee to the surface of Naboo, where they meet local Gungan outcast Jar Jar Binks (Ahmed Best). As Jar Jar brings them to an underwater Gungan settlement, the Trade Federation captures Naboo's leader, Queen Amidala (Natalie Portman). Through a Jedi mind trick, Qui-Gon secures a submarine, which he, Obi-Wan, and Jar Jar use to reach the capital of Naboo and rescue Queen Amidala and her escort. The group departs for Coruscant, the Galactic Republic's capital planet, to seek help from the Senate. During the escape, the ship is attacked by the Federation blockade, forcing R2-D2, one of the ship's droids, to fix the shields. The attack damages the ship's hyperdrive, forcing the party to land on the desert planet of Tatooine for repairs. While searching for needed parts, Qui-Gon and a handmaiden named Padm befriend young Anakin Skywalker (Jake Lloyd), a nine-year-old human slave gifted in piloting and mechanics. Qui-Gon senses a strong presence of the Force in Anakin, and feels that he may be the "Chosen One" an individual the Jedi believe will fulfill a prophecy by bringing balance to the Force. At Anakin's insistence, Qui-Gon enters Anakin into the Boonta Eve Podrace in a bid with Anakin's master, Watto, to gain the needed parts as well as Anakin's freedom. Anakin eludes several obstacles including rival racer Sebulba to win the race, gaining his freedom and bankrupting Watto. After hesitation, Anakin leaves his mother and his droid, C-3PO (Anthony Daniels), behind on Tatooine to go with the Jedi. As the group prepares to depart, they are attacked by the Sith apprentice Darth Maul (Ray Park), who battles Qui-Gon until the heroes escape. On Coruscant, Qui-Gon informs the Jedi Council of the mysterious, well-trained attacker. The Council becomes concerned that this may indicate the reappearance of the Sith, an opposing order that followed the dark side of the Force and had long ago disappeared. Qui-Gon informs the Council about Anakin, hoping that he can be trained as a Jedi. After testing the boy the Council refuses, worried that he is too old for training and that the fear and anger that he harbors will cloud his future. Meanwhile, Senator Palpatine (Ian McDiarmid) of Naboo persuades Amidala to call a vote of no confidence in Chancellor Valorum. The vote removes Valorum from power and leads to Palpatine's nomination for the position, which Amidala considers too late to be effective. To stop the Federation invasion by herself, the Queen decides to return to Naboo with her security team, the two Jedi, R2-D2, Anakin, and Jar Jar. On Naboo, Padm reveals herself as Queen Amidala and forms an alliance with the Gungans for the battle against the Trade Federation. The Gungans march into battle to divert the Federation army away from the capital, allowing the others to infiltrate the palace. Once inside the palace hangar, the Jedi free several Naboo pilots, who regain their starfighters and assault the Federation droid ship. As they make their way to the throne room, the infiltration team is confronted by Darth Maul. Qui-Gon and Obi Wan engage Maul while the others take an alternate route. Qui-Gon and Obi-Wan duel with the Sith Lord amongst the catwalks of a massive power-generating reactor core. Obi-Wan is briefly delayed, separating him from Qui-Gon and Maul. Meanwhile, Queen Amidala and her forces fight their way into the palace and capture Nute Gunray, Viceroy of the Trade Federation. Anakin - who inadvertently joined the dogfight in space - destroys the droid-control ship's reactor with proton torpedoes, which deactivates the droid army in the midst of taking Gungan prisoners. In the reactor core, Qui-Gon re-engages Darth Maul singlehandedly, but is mortally wounded. Obi-Wan catches up with and defeats Maul in another intense lightsaber battle. With his final breath, Qui-Gon instructs Obi-Wan to train Anakin to become a Jedi. In the aftermath, the newly elected Supreme Chancellor Palpatine congratulates Queen Amidala on her victory and promises to watch Anakin's career with great interest. Meanwhile, the Jedi Council promotes Obi-Wan to the level of Jedi Knight, and Yoda reluctantly accepts Obi-Wan's request to train Anakin as his padawan. During Qui-Gon's funeral, Mace Windu (Samuel L. Jackson) and Yoda (Frank Oz) agree that the person who killed Qui-Gon had to have been a Sith, but as the Soth are known to have only a master and an apprentice, they are unsure which was killed. A large celebration is held on Naboo to celebrate the world's liberation and the newborn alliance between the Naboo and the Gungans. 