nm0001038:

 Dead Poets Society (1989)431) Maverick teacher John Keating uses poetry to embolden his boarding school students to new heights of self-expression. Painfully shy Todd Anderson has been sent to the school where his popular older brother was valedictorian. His roommate, Neil Perry, although exceedingly bright and popular, is very much under the thumb of his overbearing father. The two, along with their other friends, meet Professor Keating, their new English teacher, who tells them of the Dead Poets Society, and encourages them to go against the status quo. Each does so in his own way, and is changed for life. Liz Jordan <c9310494@alinga.newcastle.edu.au> A new English teacher, John Keating, is introduced to an all-boys preparatory school that is known for its ancient traditions and high standards. He uses unorthodox methods to reach out to his students, who face enormous pressures from their parents and the school. With Keating's help, students Neil Perry, Todd Anderson and others learn to break out of their shells, pursue their dreams and seize the day. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New England, the late 1950s. Todd Anderson (Ethan Hawke), a lonely and painfully shy teenager, who is under pressure by his stern parents because he must live up to his older brother's reputation to attend Yale and become a lawyer, arrives for the new semester at the Welton Academy for boys -- Todd's brother also attended Welton and was a popular and well-regarded student there. This semester begins during an orientation gathering with a speech given by the stern Headmaster Nolan (Norman Lloyd), who states the academy's four pillars: Tradition, Honor, Discipline, and Excellence. Todd meets Neil Perry (Robert Sean Leonard) a friendly and ambitious student whom becomes his dorm roommate. Later in his dorm, Neil is ordered by his grumpy and domineering father (Kurtwood Smith) to drop his involvement with the school annual in order to maintain good grades so the boy may become a doctor much as he has done. Neil is under pressure from his stern father's will. Also, Mr. Perry tells Neil that Mrs. Perry also wants him to become a doctor, which further worries the boy. A little later, Todd tells Neil that he is in a similar situation with his parents involving his older brother who also attended Welton a few years ago, graduated, and attended Yale Law School and became a lawyer and his parents want the exact same thing for him. But Todd does not have the courage to tell his parents that he instead wants to be a writer, not a lawyer. During the first day of classes Todd and Neil experience the various teaching methods which include speeches by the trig teacher, as well as the Latin teacher, and the chemistry teacher who states that "all 20 questions at the end of the first chapter are due tomorrow". In stark contrast to these orthodox teaching methods, the guys see a different side of the school when they attend English class taught by the newly arrived (and liberal-minded) Mr. Keating (Robin Williams), whom they met briefly during the orientation -- Keating tells his class he was also a student at "Helton" (as the students secretly refer to the institution) himself many years ago. Keating enters his class smiling and whistling the 1812 Overture, and he first takes the boys out in the hallway to the school's displays cases containing photos and artifacts of the school's sports achievements. He tells them that they all have the potential to become powerful individuals, and they are responsible for what their futures will hold. These two actions show his difference from the other teachers because no other teacher would commit the actions he does. Also, he tells the boys they may call him "Oh Captain, my Captain", (the title of a poem by Walt Whitman about Abraham Lincoln) if they dare. These examples of Mr. Keating's teachings show the boys how to think for themselves. Mr. Keating then tells the boys "Carpe Diem", which is Latin for "seize the day". In addition to Todd and Neil, a small group of other students whom include the lovesick Knox Overstreet (Josh Charles), the flip Charlie Dalton (Gale Hansen), the pragmatic Richard Cameron (Dylan Kussman), liberal Steven Meeks (Allelon Ruggiero) and the moderate Gerard Pitts (James Waterston), also react to the first day's lesson with comments from "that was weird" to "neat". Cameron asks if anything Keating told them will be on a future test and the boys respond with mild scorn. The next day Keating starts the class with a traditional teaching approach by having Neil read out loud the introduction to their poetry textbook, which describes how to rate the quality of poetry according to mathematical plotting. Keating finds such mathematical criticism ridiculous and instructs his pupils to rip out the essay which is one of three ways that he demonstrates freedom of expression and non-conformity. When some students hesitate, he tells them "this is not the Bible. This is a battle, a war. You will have to learn to think for yourselves." A few days later, Knox Overstreet is asked to attend a dinner party at the Danburry household, friends of his parents. When he arrives, a beautiful girl answers the doorbell and intently captures his attention. Later, he learns that the girl, Christine Noel, is dating Chet Danburry, but does not give up the hope of dating her. One day, Neil finds an old Welton yearbook with Mr. Keating in it. After seeing that Mr. Keating listed "Dead Poets Society" as one of his activities at the school, the boys ask Mr. Keating what this was. He replies that the DPS was a secret club dedicated to taking the meaning out of life. To do so, the members would sit in a cave near a certain pond less then a mile from school grounds and recite poetry, philosophically drawing life lessons from it to enhance their lives and appreciation of literature. With this new idea in their head from asking Mr. Keating what the DPS was, Neil and the boys decide to start up the DPS once again. While coming inside after recess, Neil convinces the boys to join the DPS and meet at midnight by the creek to start their first meeting. Todd tells them that he will come along to the meeting as long as he does not have to read any poetry. When they arrive at the cave, the boys hold their first meeting. Knox shows up so that he can build confidence, like learning pretty poetry, to swoon Christine. The boys begin to learn how rhythm and language in poetry can enhance their own learning and life experience. During their next poetry class, Mr. Keating makes the boys stand on his desk to see the world from a different perspective, another way he demonstrates non-conformity and freedom. At the end of class, Mr. Keating orders the boys to write an original poem for homework which will be read aloud during Monday's class. As he leaves the room, Keating singles out Todd and tells him he knows such an assignment frightens him. Keating's unorthodox teaching methods soon circulate quietly among the other teachers who scorn his liberal and idealist methods. During dinner, the Latin teacher tells Keating, "you are taking a big risk in making your students think they are artists". Keating replies: "I'm only trying to make them free thinkers". The Latin teacher, a reader of the Realist literature movement, rebukes him by saying, "free thinkers at age seventeen?", reciting some poetry from a Realist poet to emphasize his point. Keating recites another line "It is only in their minds that men can truly be free. T'was always thus, and always thus shall be." When the professor asks him if that passage belongs to a Realist poet, Keating smiles, telling him he'd made it up on the spot. Neil attempts to seize the day by trying out for a part in the play 'A Midsummer Nights Dream' the school is putting on -- such an act is done in full defiance of his father's wishes. Meanwhile, Knox goes to a nearby public high school football game and sees Christine in the arms of Chet, who is a football player at that school. Back in English class, Mr. Keating has the boys kick soccer balls while yelling poetry aloud, the final way that he demonstrates freedom and non-conformity. Then, Neil receives a letter that says he got the part of Puck in the play. Now he must forge a letter of permission to the headmaster and Mr. Perry, along with their signature of approval. The next day in class, Mr. Keating tells Todd to stand up and recite his poem. When Todd tells his teacher that he did not write a poem, Mr. Keating tells the boy to make one up right now on the spur of the moment, taking him to the front of the room. Todd's new poem is about a portrait of Walt Whitman on the wall, and Mr. Keating seems to have an astounding affect on Todd. Todd improvises with Keating's aggressive but kind coaching and he refers to Whitman as the "snaggly-toothed madman." The rest of the class, including one of the more cynical students applaud Todd's efforts. By pulling the boy out of his seat in front of the class and create his own poem, Mr. Keating successfully reaches out to Todd and builds his confidence. That night, the boys meet at the cave to hold another DPS meeting, and afterwords Knox gets the courage to phone Christine, who invites him to a party at the Danburry home. The following day, Mr. Keating teaches tells the boys not to conform, and Todd gets the same desk pen set from his parents that they got him last year for his birthday. Neil finds Todd sitting alone and disappointed and boosts his roommate's confidence by telling him that he should take the desk set and throw it to see how aerodynamic it is. Todd's mood is instantly improved. When Knox goes to Christine's party that night, he's asked by several of the local high school's football players to join them in a toast to his brother, a football hero, despite Knox' insistence he's not their guy. Later, he becomes drunk and finds himself sitting next to a mostly unconscious Christine on the couch. He recalls Keating's words "carpe Diem" and kisses her, only to be caught by Chet, who punches him out. Though Christine comes to his aid, Knox leaves the party. The day after the DPS meeting, which is also attended by some girls Charlie invited, Dalton writes a joking and anonymous letter on behalf of the DPS to the school asking if girls may be admitted to Welton Academy. Charlie also takes the bold but foolish step of signing the letter from the DPS. During a hastily arranged school meeting which addresses this letter, a phone is heard ringing. Charlie pulls out a hidden phone, answers it and says the call is from "God" and that God wants girls to attend Welton. The school's headmaster holds a private meeting with Charlie, demanding to know who is in the DPS. Charlie refuses and the headmaster paddles him harshly. The headmaster later talks to Keating, telling him he is aware of Keating's unorthodox teaching methods and that encouragement of free-thinking among the students is dangerous. Keating later talks to Charlie and the boys, telling the recovering Charlie that "sucking the marrow out of life doesn't mean choking on the bone." In the newer era of the school, where discipline is much harsher, pranks like Charlie's can have the effect of hurting a student's future rather than making them a school legend. When Neil's father arrives at Welton on an unexpected visit, he scolds Neil for joining the play and orders him to quit. Neil tells Mr. Keating about the incident, and that his father won't allow Neil to act. To this, Mr. Keating suggests that Neil tell his father how the boy truly feels. Neil does, but his bossy and stubborn father continues to refuse to let him partake in the play and tells Neil that he must focus all his energy on studying to become a doctor. A few days later, Neil lies to Mr. Keating and tells him that his father allowed him to continue with the play. When Knox goes to Christine's high school, he embarrasses her in class by giving her flowers and reciting poetry. Christine goes to Welton where she angrily tells Knox that his actions embarrassed her in front of her classmates. Knox apologizes and asks Christine if she would go to Neil's play with him. Christine is again embarrassed, but flattered by the attention Knox displays, accepts his offer as a date. At the theatre, Neil gives a great performance as Puck. As he is about to give Puck's closing monologue, Neil spots his father looking stern and angry from the back but receives a standing ovation. Neil is angrily driven home by his father, who also tells Keating to stay away from his son. While at home, Mr. Perry tells Neil that in retaliation for his defiance, he will pull Neil out of Welton and forcibly enroll him in Braden Military School to prepare him for Harvard University and a career in medicine. Unable to cope with the future that awaits him or make his stern and narrow-minded father understand his emotions, Neil commits suicide by shooting himself with his father's gun. The next day in school, the boys are told of Neil's suicide and in separate meetings, each is questioned about the DPS after Cameron reveals the club's secrets to the headmaster. Dalton is expelled from the Welton Academy when he punches Cameron for betraying them. Cameron's defense of his actions is that they can all save their respective futures at the school if they cooperate, even if they can't keep Keating from being fired. When Todd is called to Nolan's office, where his parents are waiting, Nolan forces Todd to admit to being a member of the Dead Poets Society, and tries to make him sign a document blaming Keating for abusing his authority, inciting the boys to restart the Dead Poets Society, and encouraging Neil to flout his father's authority. Todd sees Richard's, Knox's, Steven's and Gerald's signatures already on the document. At first, Todd refuses to sign, but when Nolan threatens to expel him and his equally stern parents threaten to disown him should he be kicked out of school, the painfully shy Todd does not have the nerve to argue with any of them and signs the paper. Keating is fired from Welton and is forced to leave without any severance pay or letter of recommendation to teach at any other public or private school in the state. Although the other teachers at Welton have disapproved of his teaching methods, most of them are somewhat upset to see the likable and friendly Keating leave The next day, Headmaster Nolan arrives at English class where he tells the students that he is their new teacher until a substitute will arrive to replace him. The shy and afraid Todd cannot respond when asked what the boys have done in the class so far, so Nolan asks Cameron. He tells the teacher that the class thoroughly covered poetry, but skipped over Realism. The headmaster tells them they will start over and to read the introduction to their textbook, but it is ripped out, so he gives Cameron the teacher's book to read from. Just then, Mr. Keating enters the room to collect a few of his papers before he leaves. Todd reveals to Keating that he and the other students were intimidated into signing the confession. Keating tells Todd that he already knows. Nolan orders Todd to be quiet and demands that Keating leave, threatening any other student who speaks up with expulsion. As Keating is about to exit the classroom, Todd finally breaks through his cowardice and self-pity and calls out: "O Captain! My Captain!" and then stands on top of his desk and faces Keating, giving him a farewell salute. Nolan immediately yells at Todd to sit down or face expulsion. In what is probably the movie's most touching and emotionally powerful scene, one by one, Knox, Steven, Gerard, and all of the members of the Dead Poets Society, except for Cameron and a few other students, climb onto their desks and face Keating to salute their former teacher. Knowing they are too many for the school to expel en masse quietly, they remain standing on their desks despite Nolan's orders for them to sit back down until he gives up and slumps against the teacher's desk, angry and emotionally defeated. Seeing that his work at the school had not been in vain, a visibly touched Keating says: "Thank you, boys. Thank you." With Todd and the other the students looking on, Keating then happily leaves the classroom with tears in his eyes, and walks out of the school for good. 
 Four Brothers (2005)431) When their adoptive mother is gunned down in a store robbery the 'four brothers' investigate the murder for themselves & look for the killers, but not all is what it seems. Four adopted brothers come to avenge their mother's death in what appears to be a random killing in a grocery store robbery. However, the boys' investigation of the death reveals more nefarious activities involving the one brother's business dealings with a notorious local hoodlum. Two cops who are trying to solve the case may also not be what they seem. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellosuth.net> In Detroit, when the beloved citizen Evelyn Mercer is murdered in a store heist, her four dangerous sons come to her funeral. Bobby Mercer, Angel Mercer and Jack Mercer join the regenerated ex-union leader Jeremiah Mercer, and they decide to investigate the murder. They discover that her execution was intentional, and resolve to find the criminals by themselves. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a cold, snowy night in Detroit, an El Camino car follows another around town. The car that the Camino is following parks and the driver gets out and walks into a convenience store. The driver is Evelyn Mercer ( Fionnula Flanagan ), a good-natured, elderly woman. She catches a young boy named Darnell ( Tahliel Hawthorne ) stealing a candy bar and reprimands him before telling the cashier, Samir ( Pablo Silveira ), to call the police. We see that Evelyn is bluffing but she uses her threat to talk sense in Darnell who promises to never steal again before he leaves the store. Evelyn admits to Samir that Darnell just needs an older brother as she walks to the rear of the store to pick out a Thanksgiving turkey. The El Camino occupants ( Richard Chevolleau and Awaovieyi Agie ) get out of the car and enter the store, clad in black hoods and wielding shotguns. They demand money from Samir as Evelyn hides behind a counter. She listens as Samir hands over the money before they shoot him dead and gasps, a sound that the hoodlums hear. Outside the store, a second gunshot is heard before the robbers leave the store and take off. Bobby Mercer ( Mark Wahlberg ) drives back into Detroit after an absence to attend his adopted mother, Evelyn's, funeral. He greets his brothers Jeremiah ( Andr 3000 ) and Jack ( Garrett Hedlund ) who gives an emotional eulogy on how Evelyn taught him that he didn't have to be afraid anymore and what it meant to be part of a family. Everyone goes to Jeremiah's house later for reception where Lt. Green (Terrence Howard) briefs his partner, Fowler (Josh Charles), on the Mercer brothers before joining. All wards of the state, the four brothers, currently minus Angel ([linknm0879085]), were raised and adopted by Evelyn herself after she failed to find them appropriate homes elsewhere. Bobby, the oldest brother, holds a reputation as a heavy weight, getting kicked out of hockey after multiple offenses. Jack is the youngest and a "first class fuck-up, third class rock star". Jeremiah is the only brother to move on from his past, a successful businessman with a wife and kids. Green grew up with the brothers, often playing hockey with Bobby, and is on good terms with them despite their reputations as trouble-makers. He admits surprise at seeing Bobby in town but pays his respects for Evelyn. Bobby and Jack introduce themselves as uncles to Jeremiah's two daughters, Daniela and Amelia ( Riele Downs and Riele Downs ), and tell them that, though they don't look like Jeremiah, they are still brothers. Jeremiah's wife Camille ( Taraji P. Henson ) expresses concern with him about Bobby's presence and doesn't like the idea of having him stay at their house. Green speaks to Bobby and tells him that they are investigating Evelyn's murder, informing him that they are speaking to a basketball player who witnessed two men running out of the convenience store the night she was shot. Fowler treats the issue with indifference, inciting Bobby to request that the officers leave. The three brothers drive to the old Mercer home where Bobby and Jack will be staying. They find Angel waiting for them on the porch, evidently having just returned from the Marines, and berate him for missing the funeral. They enter the house and the weight of the situation starts to hit home; their mother is not there and will not come back. Bobby informs Angel and Jack that they are to stay in their old rooms while he sets up in Evelyn's room. There, he is overwhelmed and breaks down in the bathroom. He washes up and comforts Jack in his room, crying silently as he fiddles with his guitar. Jeremiah announces that he's going out to get a turkey, saying that they should still celebrate Thanksgiving despite everything. As he leaves, Angel expresses the wish to get some air but Bobby reads him like a book: he tells Angel not to mess with the sassy girlfriend he used to have who now has a new boyfriend. Despite Angel's assurances that he won't go, we next see him running half naked through the snow with her as they escape her apartment, her boyfriend ( Jay Hunter ) chasing after them in his car, firing shots into the night. Angel and his girlfriend, Sofi ( Sofa Vergara ), make it back to the Mercer home. Bobby makes fun of Angel for bringing Sofi back and tells him that he doesn't want her there, despite Angel's protests that he really cares for her. This only encourages Bobby to make fun again. Angel starts tossing things around the room out of bitterness and to get a rise out of Jeremiah who is trying to watch a football game. This leads to the two of them rough-housing while Bobby cheers them on until Jeremiah manages to tackle Angel to the ground and pins him. Later, they all sit down to eat together. Bobby leads them in saying grace and they silently start to serve themselves and eat, all aware of the empty seat at the head of the table. Jeremiah imagines seeing Evelyn there and she reprimands him for eating with his mouth open. He corrects himself and relates this advice to Angel before looking down at his food again. Angel imagines that he sees Evelyn, asking about his tattoos before showing one of her own, a rose. Angel smiles before he hears her reminding him to keep his elbows off the table. Jack, visibly having the hardest time dealing with Evelyn's absence, imagines her assuring him that, despite all the bad things that happened to him, he is safe now. Bobby is the last to look up but notices nothing but Evelyn's empty seat. However, he becomes distressed and stops eating before proposing that they play The Turkey Cup, their traditional hockey game. They go out and enjoy the cold night air and festivities before heading to a bar, drinking in memory of Evelyn. Jack becomes drunk but the others are clear-headed enough to further discuss Evelyn's murder. They agree that the police won't get far, though Jeremiah asserts that they should leave the investigation to them. The bartender ( Conrad Bergschneider ) comes over and gives his condolences before informing the brothers that he heard the shooting was gang related. Bobby demands to know more but Jeremiah becomes irritated and leaves to go home, refusing to 'get shot up' with his brothers. With some new information from the bartender, Bobby takes Angel and Jack to the car where they arm themselves with some light weaponry (Jack getting stiffed with a crowbar) and head out to an old gang hideout where a party is taking place. Following the bartender's lead, they crash the party, firing a few rounds into the air to scatter the revelers. They confront the gang leader ( Mpho Koaho ) and douse him in gasoline, demanding answers about Evelyn's death. Jack casually lights a cigarette as the leader babbles that he had nothing to do with the shooting but does say that the basketball-playing witness the cops interviewed was lying. He backs up this statement by saying that the witness saw the shooters leave at 11 but the basketball court lights go off at 10. Bobby takes the gang leader out to the very court near the convenience store where, just as he said, the court lights shut off at 10 pm. They allow the gang leader to leave as they wonder why the witness would lie. They return to the house and discuss their findings with Jeremiah while Bobby takes time to make fun of Sofi. Angel, however, is not amused. The next day, the brothers go to meet with Evelyn's lawyer, Robert Bradford ( Kenneth Welsh ), where he reads her will and presents a box to be left for the brothers. He says that Evelyn left quite an impression on him and leaves the brothers alone to divide her belongings. Jack and Jeremiah find their birth certificates which details where they were born and whom to. Bobby finds an envelope full of money and splits it between himself, Jeremiah, and Angel, leaving Jack with a piece of jewelry, joking that it will look good on him. Jeremiah takes the brothers to an abandoned parking complex which he reveals as his latest project to refurbish and make some money off of, stating that the money to start the project shouldn't be an issue. They then go to the convenience store where Evelyn was shot and request to view any security cameras that were recording that night. They watch apprehensively as the shooters enter the store and Evelyn takes cover. When the shooters discover her, they hold her at gunpoint and pause while she speaks to them. Bobby notes that none of what happens makes sense; the shooters have their money and there is no reason to kill Evelyn. They turn their heads away as Evelyn is shot down. They ask the new owner if he knows who the witness was who spoke to the police. The man does not know a name, but describes him to the brothers and says that he plays basketball at a nearby community center. Bobby leads his brothers to their next destination, pissed knowing that their mother was set up and that her murder was not random. They arrive at the community center where a crowd is watching a basketball game. The brothers interrupt the game, brandishing guns and describe the witness to everyone, demanding to know where he is. Jack notices a kid nervously leave the auditorium and follows him into the hall where he chases him to the end. Angel tackles the kid and they collect Bobby and Jeremiah. They interrogate the kid, named Keenon ( Kevin Duhaney ), and ask him why he ran. Keenon admits that the man they're looking for is his brother. Bobby tells Keenon that the three guys behind him are 'his' brothers and all they want from Keenon's is to talk to him. Keenon looks at the four suspiciously despite Bobby's assertion that they are his real brothers but admits that his brother is named Damian ( Lyriq Bent ) and tells them where he lives. The brothers wait outside Damian's apartment before Jeremiah says he has to bail to take his daughters to dance practice. The others make fun of him and snidely remark that he doesn't want to find out who killed their mother. After he leaves, Jack notices Damian by his described 'big hair' and the brothers get out of the car. When Bobby pulls out his gun, Damian gets spooked and runs inside, getting into the elevator before the brothers can grab him. Bobby and Angel run up the stairs while Jack waits to see what floor the elevator stops at. He yells up the staircase that Damian's on level 6 and Bobby runs ahead to catch up. However, as Damian runs into his apartment, he sends his two rottweilers out which attack Bobby. He fires his gun at them, missing, and suffers bites to his arm and leg. Angel uses a fire extinguisher to repel the dogs and they follow Damian into his apartment. They find that he's taken a rope and rappelled out the window, halfway down the side of the building. Bobby shouts down that they only want to talk but Damian unpockets his gun and fires up at them. Fed up, Bobby cuts the rope, sending Damian crashing to the ground. The three walk calmly outside and find Damian in agonizing pain on the ground. His leg is broken and he can't move. Bobby threatens to leave him there to die unless he gives them information. Damian admits that he was paid off to lie to the police but refuses to tell who the shooters were. Bobby bluffs leaving and Damian cracks, giving the identities of the shooters. Bobby, Angel, and Jack follow his lead to a bar where Jack points out one of the shooters, described with a goatee. Seeing that they're noticed and suspicious, the shooters pull their guns and fire at the brothers before running out of the bar and getting into their El Camino. The brothers run to Bobby's car and give chase through the streets as it begins to snow. Bobby's car takes a beating, skidding on the slick streets and suffering bullet fire from the shooters. However, he manages to maneuver the car to collide it with the Camino, sending it tumbling to a halt. Bobby and Angel get out of the car and tell Jack to stay behind while they confront the shooters. They don't give them the chance to speak, angrily pulling them out of the wreckage and beating them before shooting them dead. Jack watches in shock before Bobby and Angel pull him away and leave together. Green and Fowler investigate the scene the very next morning, concluding the fact that the two men were murdered with purpose. They suspect the Mercers. Back at the house, Sofi is attempting to bandage Bobby's dog bites as Green and Fowler come knocking. Bobby quickly dons a (very effeminate) robe to hide his wounds and Jack answers the door. When Green questions the brothers on their activities, Bobby plays dumb, even when Green presses that it's curious that Evelyn's killers turn up dead execution style. Angel asks how two robbers would turn into contract killers before Green notices blood trickling from Bobby's arm. Bobby defends that he was just playing hockey as Fowler produces an evidence bag with a sample of hair they claim is Bobby's. Bobby laughs it off, saying that's the oldest trick in the book and Angel pokes fun at Fowler, nearly instigating a brawl. Fowler warns the brothers to tread lightly before he and Green leave. Later, Bobby takes Jack with him to have a closer look at Damian's apartment, leaving Angel with a very irritated Sofi. However, when she orders him in the other room, he finds her sitting on top of the washing machine, set to spin. As they get intimate, they are interrupted by a knock at the door. Angel answers it to see an insurance agent ( Greg Ellwand ) who is delivering news regarding a claim that Jeremiah is to collect. Angel forces Sofi out on the porch while he speaks to the man who reveals that Jeremiah is actually bankrupt and is receiving $400,000 from Evelyn's death. At Damian's apartment, Bobby and Jack discover a cache of guns beneath the mattress. They collect them in a large bag and Jack finds a digital camera that might be useful. They return home where Bobby unloads the guns, wondering how Damian could have gotten them, while Jack looks through the camera. He is shocked to find that the shooters were following Evelyn, taking pictures of her. Jeremiah and Angel walk into the room. Angel throws Jeremiah a suspicious glance as they all see a picture of Evelyn with her lawyer, Mr. Bradford, the day she died. This prompts curiosity, since Bradford said he only met with Evelyn once, and they decide to investigate him next. Meanwhile, at a fancy restaurant downtown, a gang is eating dinner together, including members Charlie ( Tony Nappo ), Evan ( Jernard Burks ) and his wife ( Stefanie Samuels ). Their leader, Victor Sweet ( Chiwetel Ejiofor ) walks in, clearly irritated. He angrily exclaims that he had asked for out-of-town shooters, not the in-town shooters who are now dead. There would not have been any problems, no investigations, no heat on his back, if the shooters had been from out of town. He quips that you pay out-of-town shooters to go back to where they came from. Evan eats a little while Sweet is talking and this angers Sweet. He empties the plate onto the floor and demands that, if Evan's hungry, he should eat and orders him to eat the food off the floor like a dog. When Evan's wife protests, Sweet demands that she join her husband. That evening, the brothers break into Bradford's home to search for clues. Jack logs onto Bradford's computer and sees in his daily planner that he met up with Evelyn many times. Sofi unexpectedly shows up at the house and honks her car horn, shouting that a robbery is taking place. Bobby yells at Angel to get a leash on her until Bradford arrives home. Bobby confronts him and pushes him in the snow, demanding to know why he would lie to them about Evelyn. Bradford admits that he was romantically involved with Evelyn and they wanted to keep their relationship a secret. Bobby apologizes for roughing him up, assuring Bradford that they only want to find out who killed her, and the brothers leave. The next day, Angel follows Jeremiah around town and watches as he goes into a bank with his check for four hundred grand. Looking further into Jeremiah's financial troubles, he finds that Councilman Douglas ( Barry Shabaka Henley ) was responsible for closing down Jeremiah's project. He relays this information to Bobby and Jack who decide to follow up on the councilman while Angel continues to follow Jeremiah. Bobby and Jack meet up with Douglas in a parking garage as he is walking to his car, though Douglas dismisses their request to talk to him. As he enters his car, he finds that the seats are drenched in gas. Bobby pours more gasoline over the car as Jack lights his cigarette and yells that he wants to know why Jeremiah's business was shut down and who Douglas answers to. Douglas rolls down his window and gives them a name: Victor Sweet. They leave the councilman and meet Angel in a bowling alley. It turns out Victor Sweet started out small-time a few years back but now pretty much runs Detroit. He has connections in congress, the police department, everywhere. When Bobby asks why they had to meet in a bowling alley, Angel directs them to a few lanes over where Evan is accepting a yellow envelope from Jeremiah. When Jeremiah leaves, the brothers move in and inquire about the envelope. Later, in the car, Bobby sits with tears rolling down his eyes. The envelope had contained a wad of cash. Angel keeps Bobby from acting out as he calls Jeremiah at home and requests to see him the next day. Meanwhile, Douglas goes to the home of Victor Sweet who is playing cards with Evan, Charlie, and other goons. Sweet congratulates Charlie on becoming engaged and offers to show his fiance some useful tricks in bed. Douglas informs Sweet that the Mercer brothers approached him that day. Sweet asks if Douglas gave his name, which Douglas denies, but Sweet sees past the lie. He sends Douglas to the kiddie table where one of the children asks if he's in trouble. Sweet dismisses the women and children and stands loomingly over Douglas before asking for a pistol. At the police station, Green reviews surveillance tapes from the station, following up on something Bradford had mentioned to him when going over his statements, something about a police report filed that Green was initially unaware of. His suspicions are confirmed when he sees that Evelyn stopped by the precinct before she died. What he eventually finds surprises him; Evelyn was greeted by Fowler upon entering the station and he evidently spoke with her for an hour before she left. Fowler made no previous statement that this ever happened. Jeremiah arrives at the Mercer house the next morning and asks his brothers what they found out. Bobby pushes him to the floor and he and Angel tell him that they know about his financial problems and that he is the reason their mom is dead. Jack watches from the sofa as Jeremiah denies everything. He says that the claim he received was an amount that Evelyn put in for his daughters. He fights back, getting off the floor and punching Angel, yelling at him and Bobby for leaving home and leaving him to pay for their mother's bills. Jeremiah wanted to stay legitimate in his business and turned Sweet down when he offered to be a partner in his project. Sweet then pulled strings, making it impossible for Jeremiah to get financial aid. Evelyn tried to help him and this is why he thinks she was killed. As they continue talking, Jack gets up to answer the doorbell. He opens the door to see someone walk away, flipping him the finger and calling his mother a whore before throwing a snowball at him. Jack chases after the assailant, who suddenly turns in the street, shown to be wearing an ominous hockey mask, and shoots Jack in the chest. Jack collapses as Bobby, realizing that Jack is gone, runs out and returns fire with a shotgun. A van pulls up and more hooded men emerge with automatic weapons. They spray the house with gunfire, forcing Bobby back inside, and riddle Jack with more bullets. He crawls to a telephone pole and screams for Bobby. Angel and Bobby use the weapons taken from Damian's apartment to return fire as the bombardment continues resulting in the deaths of more gunmen. Jeremiah retreats to the kitchen as another attacker enters from the back door. Jeremiah stabs this man to death before dropping his knife in horror and leaving, thinking of his family. As Jack cries on the side of the street, Angel runs upstairs to get a better angle on the shooters before they momentarily run out of ammo. Bobby takes this opportunity and throws a brick at one of the men before tackling him. Angel runs downstairs again as the driver of the van goes into reverse and begins to back up into Bobby. Just before he can hit him, Jeremiah rams the van with his own car. They all run over to Jack who begins to choke on blood. Bobby cries, telling Jack to breathe, but Jack struggles and groans one last time before dying. Bobby takes his gun and opens the driver-side door of the van where the driver is moaning in pain. Bobby points the gun at him and demands to know whether Victor Sweet ordered the hit. The gunman nods and when Bobby lowers his gun, mutters 'thank God'. "Thank God? You killed my mother and my brother. Thank Victor Sweet," Bobby says before aiming the gun at the driver and pulling the trigger. The police arrive and Green approaches the brothers, sullen over Jack's death. Bobby becomes angry but Green tells him he has his own problems and is dealing with a dirty cop within his department. Angel asks if it's Fowler, but Green won't openly admit it. He apologizes for Jack's death before leaving, making mention that no charges will be filed against the brothers since they acted in self defense. Green goes to a local bar where Fowler is playing pool. Green confronts Fowler about failing to mention that he'd met with Evelyn but Fowler simply states that he didn't think it was that important. He apologizes when Green says he should have been told regardless and hands him a pool cue to take a shot. Green takes a swing with it and knocks Fowler's legs out from under him, telling him he can't stand dirty cops before removing his gun and badge. Green exits the bar out of the back where his car is parked and Fowler follows him, saying that he forgot to mention one thing. He takes a hidden gun out and shoots Green in the chest, then again multiple times, killing him. He wipes down the gun and tosses it into the alley. He then takes Green's gun and places a call on the car radio for police backup, officer down, as he fires random shots into the air. Both Green and Jack are buried and the brothers return home, unsure of what to do. They know that Fowler was involved in getting Evelyn killed and they reason that Evelyn had tried to file a police report against Sweet for complicating Jeremiah's business. Fowler interjected and, since he works with Sweet, got rid of the file and alerted Sweet who ordered the hit on Evelyn. Bobby discusses killing Fowler but Angel disagrees, saying that a lot of heat would come down on them for killing a cop and they already have a contract out for their lives from Sweet. Jeremiah suddenly comes up with a plan. Jeremiah sends his family away for a few days and Camille makes Bobby promise that nothing will happen to him. Then he goes to Evan's house to propose his plan, knowing he can trust him since they were in a union together. The offer on the table is $400,000 paid to Sweet to remove the hit on their heads. He returns home to tell Bobby and Angel that Sweet took the hook and is planning to meet that very afteroon. This doesn't offer Bobby and Angel much time, but it is agreed that Jeremiah will leave to meet Sweet with the money while Bobby follows. Angel will make sure that Fowler is kept occupied. Angel heads over to Fowler's house immediately and uses a kid ( Mathew Peart ) practicing baseball to falsely sell candy bars at Fowler's front door while Angel sneaks in the back. Angel takes Fowler by surprise and puts a plastic bag over his head, wrapping it with a belt. He calls Bobby, giving the signal that allows Jeremiah to leave with the money. Fowler manages to tear at the bag at the last moment and is held at gunpoint by Angel. Meanwhile, Sofi arrives at the police station to confess that Angel was talking about killing a cop. This incites a squad to head out to Fowler's house where they set up a perimeter. Fowler revels at the sound of sirens and tells Angel that he's finished. Angel disagrees, stating that he knows Fowler killed his partner. Fowler admits to the crime and says that he could kill the entire police department if Angel was the only witness; no one would believe a Mercer over him. Angel chuckles and reveals that he has a hidden wire on him feeding their entire conversation to a surveillance unit outside. Though this is a bluff, Fowler takes the bait and turns the tables on Angel, bringing him outside as his hostage instead. This confuses the police stationed in front of the house and, when Fowler fires shots at them, they return fire, incapacitating and killing him. Meanwhile, Jeremiah rides with Evan and Charlie to the meeting spot in the middle of a frozen lake. In the distance, he sees Sweet's goons using chainsaws to cut large holes through the ice. Sweet arrives moments later, half surprised to see Jeremiah there. Jeremiah hands over the money and reiterates the terms, that Sweet will lay off him and his brothers, especially seeing as burying a mother and a brother is payment enough. Jeremiah then tells Sweet that he and his brothers came up with a new plan, that the money given to Sweet will be distributed to his mistreated goons instead. Gravely insulted, Sweet orders Evan to hand over a pistol but Evan refuses, reminding Sweet that he was in the union a long time and never missed a meeting. When Sweet threatens that he told Fowler about the meeting, Jeremiah reveals that he won't be coming. Sweet faces off against his goons, asking which one will be man enough to take him down, before he sees a figure walking across the ice towards them. It's Bobby, walking tall and with vengeance in his eyes. Sweet begins to laugh as they remove their coats and begin to fight. Jeremiah and Sweet's goons egg them on as Sweet and Bobby beat each other. Finally, Bobby gets the upper hand and deals a severe blow under Sweet's chin, knocking him out. He tells the others to dump him in the hole. The goons drag Sweet to the edge of the hole in the ice and toss his limp body in the freezing water as Jeremiah and Bobby leave. Jeremiah asks if the cops will give them much flack but Bobby isn't worried, saying that the police love the Mercers. The three brothers are subjected to beatings in their own interrogation rooms as the cops demand to know how it went down with Fowler and what happened to Victor Sweet. The brothers refuse to talk, joking with the cops that all they did the previous night was bed their wives. This does nothing but bring on more severe beatings but the brothers are eventually released, to the relief of Camille and Sofi. By Christmas time, the brothers work hard to bring the Mercer home, still riddled in bullet holes, to its former glory, fixing windows and doorways. Sofi and Camille bring everyone inside for food as Bobby finishes sawing some wood planking. A street hockey puck hits his leg and he returns it to the kids who had been playing behind him. One asks if Evelyn is coming back, to which Bobby says 'no'. He tells them to enjoy their game as he turns to go into the house. Sitting on the front steps, he sees Evelyn crocheting and smiling before she tells Bobby that it's good to see him again. She asks if he will stick around for a while and Bobby smiles and says, "Thinkin' about it, ma. Thinkin' about it." She smiles back at him. Bobby turns his head for one moment and, when he looks back, she is gone. Having made peace, Bobby goes inside to join his family. 
 S.W.A.T. (2003)761) An imprisoned drug kingpin offers a huge cash reward to anyone that can break him out of police custody, and only the L.A.P.D.'s Special Weapons and Tactics team can prevent it. Based off of a one time T.V. show, two Los Angeles S.W.A.T. officers Jim Street and Brian Gamble were sent in to foil an extremely violent bank robbery. Although they thwarted the robbery, they shot a hostage in the process. Street was suspended from S.W.A.T. while Gamble was fired altogether. After 6 months, a veteran S.W.A.T. officer, Daniel Harrelson or "Hondo", is told to assemble a S.W.A.T. team for his division. He chooses other S.W.A.T. officers as well as 3 rookies. However, after they pass the S.W.A.T. training, they receive a message that a French crime boss, known as Alex Montell is trying to escape from prison. This will not be easy to prevent, especially after Montell promises $100 Million to his rescuers. John Wiggins The Special Weapons and Tactical division of the Los Angeles Police Department (LAPD) is the most honored and respected unit in the entire world. When two cops, Officers Jim Street and Brian Gamble foil a bank robbery holdup by shooting a female hostage, the two are kicked out of SWAT, stashing them into the "gun cage". Six months later, Street's ex-friend Gamble is gone, and so is his future until one day an cop arrives to give Street a second chance at redemption by putting him back on SWAT. That man is veteran Sergeant Dan 'Hondo' Harrelson, an Old School boss cop who think second chances are just a-OK. Now Hondo, Street, and the new SWAT team consisting of: Michael Boxer, T.J. McCabe, Deacon 'Deke' Kaye, and a female cop, Christina 'Chris' Sanchez, has a big mission: escorting Alex Montel, a international fugitive and serial killer to a federal prison in the California desert, but problems get in the way along the way including two fake cops breaking the detainee out, offering $100 Million on live TV to street gangs who can get Montel out, and worse, Gamble and McCabe getting him to safety. Can the SWAT team take down Montel and can Street finish the score with Gamble? Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) Jim Street is a former S.W.A.T. team member, who along with his partner Brian Gamble, is thrown off the team in the aftermath of a controversial decision they made during a robbery/hostage standoff. Gamble quits the force in disgust, but for Street, being a policeman is his life and he agrees to a demotion, hoping to someday have the chance to redeem himself and once again wear the privileged S.W.A.T. uniform. He gets that chance when team commander Dan "Hondo" Harrelson is assigned to recruit and train five top-notch officers for a new Special Weapons and Tactics unit. After weeks of rigorous physical training, the new team is immediately thrown into action when a notorious drug lord, offers a $100 million bounty to anyone who can free him from police custody. As they escort the kingpin out of Los Angeles into the hands of the Feds, the S.W.A.T. team is pursued by a ruthless and well-armed band of mercenaries. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} S.W.A.T. officer Jim Street who along with his partner, Gamble chose not follow orders of holding their position and saved a hostage but the hostage was injured. The unit Captain who's more concerned about how this affects him, politically, wants to make them sacrificial lambs. But instead has them reassigned to the gun cage. The Captain knows that Gamble was the one who decided to do it and offers Street the opportunity to say so in exchange for being placed back on S.W.A.T. but Street refuses. However Gamble and some other cops think that Street talked which makes him a pariah. Gamble leaves the department. Nearly a year later Hondo Harrelson, a team leader who doesn't get along with the Captain neither is brought back to form a new unit. He chooses some present S.W.A.T. members McCabe and Boxer and recruits patrolmen Deacon Kay and Chris Sanchez, who has been trying to get on S.W.A.T. but the Captain won't let her. And he chooses Street. After training, they get a major job, getting a Crime Lord to prison but he has offered a 100 million dollars to anyone who can bust him out. rcs0411@yahoo.com An arrested drug kingpin is transported by a Los Angeles Police Department SWAT team out of the city and into federal custody. Plans go awry when the kingpin offers $100 million to anyone who can free him. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Los Angeles Police Department officers engaged in a violent shootout with four masked bank robbers who have held up a bank in Lincoln Heights. Two of the robbers are in the bank holding hostages, while the other two are engaging the cops with AK-47 automatic riffles and full body armors. Being only armed with pistols, the police are hopelessly outmatched. With all other weaponry failing, the officers on scene call for the Special Weapons And Tactics (SWAT) unit. The SWAT unit arrives - some via helicopter, and others with a SWAT truck. From the helicopter, hotshot SWAT officers Jim Street (Colin Farrell) and Brian Gamble (Jeremy Renner) rappel down with two other men onto the roof of the bank and tunnel their way down to the storeroom next to the main lobby. A couple of SWAT snipers are deployed to the roof of a building across the street, and a third team approaches from the ground. While Street and Gamble are entering the bank, one of the two gunmen outside tries to flee in a getaway car but is promptly taken out by a sniper with a single round to the head. The other gunman continues to engage the police but is taken out by the ground unit. As the two remaining robbers inside are starting to panic, the ground unit sends a secure phone and a SWAT negotiator attempts to negotiate the release of hostages. As the negotiator deals with the robbers, SWAT Lieutenant Greg Velasquez (Reg B. Cathey) calls for his team inside the bank to hold and stay where they are. Gamble ignores the order and drops into the storeroom anyway while Street is forced to follow him. Gamble then sneaks into the back of the main lobby and gets in position to shoot down the robbers, all the while ignoring several calls from his Lieutenant. One of the hostage takers, getting more and more nervous, collars a woman, puts a pistol to her head and prepares to execute her. With seconds to make a decision, Gamble shoots the robber down through the woman's shoulder, wounding her in the process but effectively killing the robber. The last gunman is then taken out by Street and the standoff is over. Street attends to the woman and calls for an ambulance. Gamble asks him if she will be okay, to which Street impatiently replies he is not a doctor, implying he is mad at Gamble. Back at their precinct, Captain Thomas Fuller (Larry Poindexter) is furious at Street and Gamble for their reckless actions in the bank, especially since the hostage they wounded is now suing the LAPD for negligence. Fuller orders them off the SWAT division but Lt. Velasquez intervenes and asks that, while off the team, they remain in the division so they can eventually get a chance to get their jobs back. Fuller agrees and relegates them to "cage duty", a degrading position involving the maintenance and distribution of weapons and accessories to other officers. Gamble is insulted and tells Fuller off making it worse for himself. He then storms off in anger. When Street hesitates, Fuller has a private conversation with him where he offers him a chance to get back on the team right away if Street agrees to rat out Gamble for recklessness. While Gamble is packing his bag, having decided to quit, he and Street get into an argument when Street reveals he agrees with Fuller that Gamble was reckless out there and refuses to follow his partner in quitting. Gamble assumes Street ratted him out and shoves his now former partner's head into a mirror before leaving. Six months later, Street is unreasonably exercising out on the beach one morning before work. He is still in the gun cage, performing menial tasks for other police officers and still waiting for a chance to get back on the field. One day, veteran Sgt. Daniel "Hondo" Harrelson (Samuel L. Jackson) comes to the precinct and asks Street to fix his customized M-4 rifle. Street notes the custom job and is impressed. Hondo meets with Velasquez. In the wake of a number of scathing articles criticizing the LAPD, the chief of police wants to reform the department. Velasquez wants Hondo to form a new SWAT unit for him to command. Velasquez offers Hondo two of his own officers- T.J. McCabe (Josh Charles) and Michael Boxer (Brian Van Holt). Hondo accepts them and decides to pick out three more candidates from the personnel files. Only problem is, Captain Fuller will have the final say on who goes into this new unit. Street works diligently on Hondo's weapon and then goes home that day to find his girlfriend trying to move out of their apartment before he comes back. She claims things between them are not good anymore and Street hasn't been the same since he was taken off the SWAT team. She tries to kiss him one last time but he denies her and lets her leave without arguing. During his time in the cage, Street has invented a new piece of equipment that he plans to patent to law enforcement elsewhere: a gigantic hook and chain designed to take down walls or barricades and end hostile standoffs, which he calls the "Key to the City". As he's explaining his invention to his gun cage partner Gus (James DuMont), Hondo comes in and appreciates Street's idea. He came in to collect his weapon and is impressed by Street's work on it, noting several improvements. Later on, Hondo takes some of the officers out for target practice on the firing range. The showy T.J manages to out-shoot Hondo, but Hondo bets $200 that Street, who's testing weapons on his own, can beat McCabe. T.J, not feeling threatened by a "gun bunny", agrees to the challenge. They face off, and Street ends up victorious to everyone's surprise except Hondo. Meanwhile, a French mobster, Alex Montel (Oliver Martinez) arrives at Los Angeles International Airport and heads out into the city. He intends to visit his uncle's favorite restaurant, purportedly as a birthday surprise, but in reality, it's because he knows his uncle has been stealing money from the family for some time. Alex thus slits his uncle's throat and leaves the restaurant, but is soon pulled over by motorcycle cops for a broken taillight. Since the car Alex is driving belongs to his uncle and there is an arrest warrant out for him, the officers detain Alex for questioning and verification of his identity. Even attempts to use bribery aren't able to spring him out. Hondo recruits Street as his driver for the day in order to go on a SWAT team recruitment run. While in the car, Hondo reveals he was a marine and a combat trainer before while Street was a Navy Seal, although he refuses to divulge what was his specialty. They first investigate an officer named Deacon "Deke" Kay (LL Cool J), who is found in the middle of a foot pursuit with a suspect. Hondo and Street intervene and end the pursuit, angering Deke who wanted to do it alone. But he soon soften up when Hondo reveals he's from SWAT and offers Deke to study at "SWAT school." They then visit another candidate who makes a bad first impression on Hondo by being a vegetarian and being too polite and too much of a stickler to last long in Hondo's unit. They then move on to a Metro police officer named Chris Sanchez, who has apparently applied and qualified several times for SWAT but keeps getting turned down. Street notes that Sanchez has several misconduct grievances from suspects filed with Internal Affairs. They locate officer Sanchez at a local ER. They find Sanchez's partner keeping watch over a Latino thug who's in a wheelchair with multiple bruises on his face. Hondo asks if Sanchez did this on his own which his partner confirms that he did. Hondo then meets with Sanchez and finds out that "Chris" is actually short for "Christina" (Michelle Rodriguez). Hondo realizes that Fuller has likely kept Sanchez off the SWAT roster because she's a woman and simply has used the misconduct complaints as an excuse to do so. Sanchez tells Hondo that most of the charges against her have been filed because resisting violent male perps couldn't deal with the fact that they were manhandled by a woman. Hondo likes her right away and decides to offer her a position on his team. Upon returning to headquarters, Street asks Hondo if he's planning on toying with him for another day or he's actually gonna tell him why he took him on this recruitment run. Hondo asks Street if he wants to fill the last spot on the team. Street is hesitant, knowing that Fuller is very unlikely to approve him given the incident with Gamble. Street also confirms that he did not roll over on Gamble. Hondo confirms he wants Street on his team. When Hondo meets with Fuller, Fuller rejects both Sanchez and Street, but Hondo refuses to back down. Fuller makes a compromise- he will accept the group as is for now, but should they fail the preliminary trials needed for SWAT, then Sanchez goes back to her Subway routine and Street and Hondo will both be taken off the force. Hondo agrees, confident his new team is up for the challenge. Training begins shortly thereafter. The new squad members get to know each other, and it's revealed that Street's girlfriend who dumped him earlier was actually Boxer's sister who assumes Street did her wrong, so there is some friction between them. Hondo puts the group through several tests- including infiltration, armor, weapons, physical conditioning and long-range shooting. Despite some initial difficulties, they are soon performing admirably. The team also shows exceptional marksmanship skill in a sniper session involving playing cards used as targets. Before long, the time has come for the team's final evaluation: a simulated hostage situation set up by Fuller. The team will have to infiltrate an airplane taken over by "terrorists" played by fellow officers armed with paintball guns. They will have to take back control of the aircraft and take out all six hijackers within eight minutes. While looking over the plane's schematics, Street notes that there is an alternative entry point to the plane that no one will expect: a tiny elevator shaft meant for food trays which no man could fit in but their team actually have what no other team have: Sanchez, who jumps at the chance to break Fuller's heart. They sneak onto the plane and take out all six hijackers, although T.J takes a hit that would've been fatal had it been real. Despite this, the new team sets a new course record, much to Fuller's annoyance. That night, the group celebrates by eating at a cafe owned by Deke's father. Hondo congratulates them, but also admits that he is not too happy that T. J. probably wouldn't have survived if they had been in a real situation. After a few hours of eating and drinking, most of the group heads home save for Sanchez and Street who wants to keep the party going a little longer. Sanchez follows Street to his favorite bar and shares a few more drinks with him but they are interrupted by Street's ex-partner Gamble who happens to be at the bar that night. The two have a passive aggressive exchange until Gamble decides to leave. Street tries to make a pass at Sanchez who turns him down but then invites him to her daughter's birthday party taking place the next day. Since the next day is Sunday and their training is over, the new SWAT team are all enjoying a well earned day off. T.J. is on a date, Hondo and Velasquez go out golfing, Deke is spending the day with his kids, Boxer is at home with his wife watching TV (Ironically watching the 1970's program that inspired this movie), and Street took Sanchez up on her offer and is now entertaining the kids at Eliza's birthday party, stalking them playfully with a Super-Soaker water rifle. Suddenly, everyone is recalled by pager to a "Polish hostage" situation, where a man has barricaded himself in his house and is randomly firing a shotgun out the window. The man also claims to have wired all the entrances with explosives which no one believes but Velasquez refuses to take that chance. Street volunteers his "key to the city" which they use to tear down the back wall of the house and neutralize the suspect, ending the standoff in seconds. At the sheriff's department, a deputy finds some details pertaining to Alex Montel's true identity. Velasquez is notified and asks Hondo's unit to intercept and escort the prison bus carrying Montel. But Montel's gang has also learned about the transfer. Two of Alex's men disguise themselves as police officers and use a stolen police car to pull the bus over. They then climb onto the bus and shoot the deputies, before unshackling Alex. As they're about to drive off, Hondo's team arrives and engages them in a shootout. The shootout is quick, but at the end, both fake cops are killed and Alex is captured. Montel, as it turns out, is an international fugitive wanted in over a dozen countries on charges including murder, arms dealing & drug trafficking. As he is being led to a holding cell, he faces a TV camera and offers $100 million as a reward for anyone who can break him out of jail. The newscast of every channel repeat the claim over and over and confirm that Montel has the financial means to backup his claim, attracting the attention of every outlaws in Los Angeles. Hondo's team is flustered by Montel's offer, knowing it will make their job that much more difficult when anyone on the street will engage them to rescue Montel for the money. Hondo's unit is preparing to evacuate Montel via helicopter when the chopper is shot down by an unseen sniper. They take Montel back inside and form a new plan- to lead the fugitive away via a motorcade. Gang members hoping to cash in on Montel's offer attack the vehicles, killing a motorcycle cop and injuring two other officers in the process. But the vehicles turn out to be a decoy, and Alex is being led down a private access area underground into some unmarked SUV's parked several blocks away from the headquarters while Velasquez is keeping watch from the sky. Hondo's plan runs smoothly up until halfway through the second checkpoint where T.J. stops the car and points his gun at his own team, having decided to take Montel up on his offer. As Street and Boxer attempts to reason with him, T.J is suddenly joined by Gamble who shoots Boxer down and reveals himself as the mastermind behind the operation to break out Montel. They take Montel and flee into the Metro. As paramedics arrive to treat Boxer, Hondo and Street chase Gamble's group into the subway station while Deke and Sachez hurry to the next station. Hondo and Street miss the train while further down the line, Deke and Sanchez report that the train never made it to the next station. Both teams head down their respective end of the tunnel to investigate. They soon find the train abandoned midway through the tunnel with Gamble and his men all gone. The driver points them to a storm drain opening further down the track which the team enter, getting cut off from their police frequency at this point. Meanwhile, Fuller finds out about T.J's betrayal and Gamble's involvement and suspects the whole team might be part of the operation to free Montel. Especially when they're no longer responding. He finds out an unauthorized runway has been lit up at Hawthorne airport and suspects that's where Gamble is heading so he sends all available units at the airport to intercept them. Hondo and his team track down Gamble and his men through dark underground sewer tunnels but Gamble slows them down by setting up a booby trap involving a claymore mine and smoke grenades. Street saves Deke from triggering the trap and reveals part of his Navy Seal training when he disarms the claymore. Further down, their chase completely stops when they find themselves locked in the tunnel by a heavy gate locked with a massive padlock. Street retrieves the claymore and uses it to blow the gate open. Back online, Hondo explains what happened to Fuller and asks him to send vehicles to pick them up. Fuller doesn't trust Hondo anymore so he orders him and his team down and refuses to go pick them up. Hondo ignores the order and his team commandeer a passing limo. As they drive out, Sanchez notices a low-flying jet over the city. Knowing all units are at the airport, they deduce that the jet must be Gamble's plan for evacuating Montel and the airport was just a decoy. Hondo & his group follow the jet, which is actually landing on the 6th Street bridge, rather than at the airport. Hondo gets radio confirmation that Gamble has hostages on board the airplane, and they need to stop the aircraft immediately to save innocent lives. Hondo drives their limo to the bridge, crashing through the roadblock at one end and racing towards the plane. Hondo drives the limo into the landing gear of the plane before it takes off, crippling it. A gun battle erupts between SWAT and Gamble's men. Sanchez gets hit in the shootout, which turns out to be a minor shoulder wound. Montel makes a break for it, but Deke chases him on foot and re-captures Montel. Hondo confronts an injured T.J. inside the plane. T.J. expresses remorse and asks about Boxer. Hondo is hesitant, but confirms that Boxer is expected to recover from his injuries. T.J. pulls out his gun and shoots himself in the head, preferring death over a prison sentence. Street rappels down from the bridge into a train yard to chase after Gamble. After Gamble stabs Street's hand through and through, they both drop their weapons and decide to have an all out fist fight surrounded by moving trains. In the end, Street kicks Gamble's head into the path of an oncoming train which crushes it, killing him instantly. He rejoins his team on the bridge telling Hondo they will need another body bag. Fuller arrives, commending the team for their excellent work, but pointing out that the job is not yet finished. Montel is still in their custody and need to be transferred to a federal prison a.s.a.p. The team decide to make things simple and take a SWAT truck out to deliver Montel to the proper authorities. As they sit on the truck, heading back home after successfully delivering Montel, a report of a robbery in progress comes onto the police band. Hondo points out that their shift has technically been over for 12 hours but the weary team agrees to mount up anyway and head out to their next mission. 
 Sports Night (19982000)Summaries Casey McCall and Dan Rydell are sports anchors and best friends. On "Sports Night," their nightly cable program. Casey McCall and Dan Rydell are sports anchors and best friends. On "Sports Night," their nightly cable program, the two display their unique talent and skills in reporting up-to-the-minute sports news. When they step off-camera, office romances and sports-related hijinks ensue. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 