nm0005156:

 The Santa Clause 2 (2002)541) Scott Calvin has been a humble Santa Claus for nearly ten years, but it might come to an end if he doesn't find a Mrs. Claus. Scott Calvin has been Santa Claus for the past eight years, and his loyal elves consider him the best Santa ever. But he's got problems, such as a mysterious weight loss, and then he discovers that his son Charlie has landed on this year's "naughty" list. Desperate to help his son, Scott heads back home, putting a substitute Claus in charge of the North Pole. But when the substitute institutes some strange redefinition of naughty and nice that put Christmas at risk, Scott must return with a new bag of magic to save Christmas. Walt Disney Pictures Eight years after the events of the first film, Scott Calvin has proven himself as the best Santa Claus anywhere. But when his only son Charlie is placed on the naughty list, Scott must return home to straighten him out. He must also find a new wife by Christmas Eve. He leaves an almost-exact toy replica of himself in charge of the North Pole and heads home. But when the replica goes power-mad and plans to replace the children's toys with lumps of coal, Scott must stay true to his mission and return to the North Pole to save Christmas. Blazer346 Scott Calvin a.k.a. Santa Claus has two problems: His son Charlie has been acting up and landed on the naughty list; and according to the rules, Santa Claus must be married. So Scott must go back home to help his son and to find someone to marry. One of his elves creates a toy Santa to take his place until he returns, but after reading the rule book, the replacement makes some drastic changes.first his son. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Santa Claus has been working at his job for eight years now and Christmas is coming. Unfortunately, there's a SECOND clause on the card that got Scott into being Santa in the first place. In order to continue being Santa, a job Scott has grown to know and love (and is very good at), there must a MISSUS Claus. With only 27 days and no prospects at hand, Scott begins the de-Santification process. His beard shortens, his weight lessens, and he becomes more and more human. Meanwhile, Scott's son Charlie is getting into trouble at school, spray-painting protests against the school's Principal, Carol Newman. She catches him in the act and calls his parents to a meeting. There's instant magic between Scott and Carol, first in the guise of intellectual sparring, and later in the form of actual tenderness. In order to cover up for Santa's absence at the North Pole, Third-in-Command Elf Curtis makes a plastic duplicate of Santa. This doppelganger begins to think for itself, devouring the entire Santa Rule Book and deciding that ALL children belong on the "Naughty List" and should all receive only coal in their stockings. The Elves try to rebel but the evil Santa copy has made an army of toy soldiers just to give his words "a bit of a nudge." 
 Jesse (19982000)Summaries A single mother (Applegate) tries to find love again with her new boyfriend Diego, of whom her father disapproves. She gets help from her two brothers (one voluntarily mute) and two girlfriends at work (her father's bar). Complicating matters is her ex-husband, who walked out on her 7 years before, but is back to try and reinsert himself into the family. Tony Berkoff <aberkoff@hq.caci.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Santa Clause (1994)321) When a man inadvertently makes Santa fall off of his roof on Christmas Eve, he finds himself magically recruited to take his place. Divorc Scott Calvin is disgusted to learn that his ex and her husband have tried - and failed - to break it easy to their 6-year-old son Charlie that Santa isn't real. On Christmas Eve, Scott reads The Night Before Christmas - then receives an unexpected visitor on his roof. When he's startled by Scott's calling out and falls, the Santa impersonator disappears, leaving only an 8-reindeer sleigh and a suit with instructions to put it on if he's involved in an accident. Scott does, and is transported around the town dropping gifts through chimneys until he's taken to the North Pole and informed by a group, who claim they're elves, that he is now Santa. Charlie is proud of his dad's new job, though Scott's convinced it's a dream. Until his hair turns white, his beard refuses to stay shaved, he gains weight inexplicably, even for his sudden love of junk food - Now he's accepted it, there's just one problem: how to keep it secret from his disbelieving family? Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Scott Calvin is attending a large office party at his toy company, where he is winning an award for his salesmanship ability. As he drives home, he leaves a message for his ex-wife, Laura, apologizing for being late when she is dropping off their son Charlie, who is to spend Christmas night with him. When he arrives, he finds that Laura's new husband, Neil Miller, has explained to Charlie that there is no Santa Claus, and Laura and Scott get into an argument about it, much to Charlie's dismay. Scott's attempt to cook a nice Christmas dinner end up with him squirting a fire extinguisher at the turkey in the oven, so they go out to eat. The only place open is Denny's, where they find a full house of Japanese salesmen. The waitress leads them to the room of Men Who Burned the Turkey and tells them that they are out of eggnog, out of chocolate milk, and out of apple pie. They return home and Scott reads "The Night Before Christmas" to Charlie and answers a barrage of questions from him about Santa's magical abilities, explaining at the end that he does believe in Santa. Charlie goes to sleep, but is awakened by a bump on the roof. He wakes up Scott, who goes outside and sees a man in a Santa suit on the roof. He yells and the man slips and falls off the roof. Looking for identification, he finds a card instructing the finder to put on the Santa suit if anything should happen to him. They then notice a sleigh and reindeer on the roof, and the man's body disappears, leaving only the suit behind. Charlie climbs to the roof to pet the reindeer, forcing Scott to follow him. They climb into the sleigh and accidentally start the reindeer moving, eventually landing on another roof. Scott, still in his underwear, is convinced to put on the Santa suit, whereupon he is dragged out of the sleigh and down the chimney by the sack of toys. Once inside, he leaves some presents but is chased back up the chimney by a large dog. They rush off, only to end up at the next roof. This time, Scott is caught by a young girl sleeping on the couch. She tells him he is supposed to drink the milk, and he tells her sarcastically that he is lactose-intolerant. Scott eventually gets into the spirit and they spend the remainder of the night giving out presents. The reindeer then take them to the North Pole and disappear, while an elf opens a garage door for them. They are lowered into a gigantic toy workshop, where an elf named Bernard greets him as Santa. He gives Charlie a snow globe that shows Santa flying in his sleigh and sends him to get food. Bernard explains that when Scott put on the Santa suit, he fell subject to the Santa Clause. By placing the card from the suit under a magnifying glass, Scott is able to read that putting on the suit obligated him under that clause to accept the job of Santa. Bernard tells Scott that he has eleven months to get his affairs in order and that he will be shipped the List. Scott asks what would happen if he didn't believe; Bernard explains that that would result in millions of disappointed children. Scott and Charlie are then escorted by Judy the elf to Santa's bedroom. She brings Scott monogrammed pajamas ("SC") and explains to him that children don't need to see Santa's workshop to know that it's real, and Scott and Charlie fall asleep, waking in their own bedrooms. Scott is still wearing his monogrammed pajamas. Laura arrives to pick up Charlie, who tells her the events of the evening. Laura is annoyed with Scott for encouraging Charlie to believe in Santa. Later that year, Charlie's class does a Parent's Day. He introduces Scott and explains that his job is being Santa Claus. Scott tries to explain his actual job as a toy salesman but Charlie insists that he is Santa Claus. They end up in the school counselor's office, who insists that Scott explain to Charlie that he is not Santa. Scott tries to comply, but Charlie refuses to accept it. Laura finds Charlie in his room playing Santa; Neil challenges many of Charlie's beliefs, but Charlie refutes them all; Neil tells Scott that Charlie is conflicted and they wonder if it's best to stop letting Scott see Charlie. Eventually, at Scott's request, Charlie agrees to stop discussing Santa with others. Scott wakes up one morning, much heavier and with a heavy beard. He rushes to an office meeting, wearing the only thing that will fit him, a sweatsuit. At the meeting, after a lunch where Scott orders hot fudge, extra dressing, cookies and other things, they demo an ad campaign showing Santa riding a tank. Scott objects strenuously, and suggests developing a more nurturing toy. Scott's boss orders him to get help. Scott gets heavier and heavier, with a fast-growing beard, although the doctor tells him he is as healthy as a horse. Later, watching Charlie play soccer, a little girl begins giving him her Christmas list. Laura and Neil catch Scott with children lining up to see him, intensifying their concern. The List arrives, via Federal Express, with a note from Bernard instructing Scott to check it twice. Neil and Laura take Charlie to a counsellor with the intention of revoking Scott's visitation rights. They reminisce about their own Christmas disappointments. Laura wanted a Mystery Date board game, while Neil, at just three, wanted an Oscar Meyer Weenie Whistle. Neither believed in Santa Claus ever again. Scott's visitation rights are cancelled. He goes to visit Neil and Laura anyway, and Charlie tells him that the important thing is that the kids get their presents. Charlie shows him the snow globe again, and when Scott asks for a moment alone with Charlie, Bernard appears. When Laura returns, Charlie, Scott, and Bernard have all disappeared. The police are called in, and begin arresting Santas all around the city. Meanwhile, the elves demonstrate some new, James Bond-ish technology to Scott, who is mostly worried about falling off roofs. Santa begins his rounds, including returning to the little girl who has made sure to provide soy milk for the lactose-intolerant Santa. When he returns to Neil and Laura's house, the police arrest him. Charlie is left on the roof. When the elves lose contact with Santa, they deploy the Effective Liberation Fight Squad (ELFS), a team of commandos. They pick up Charlie, then confront the desk sergeant. "We're your worst nightmare," they tell him. "Elves - with attitude." They rip open Scott's cell door with tinsel, and return to Laura and Neil's house. Scott tells Charlie he has to stay with Laura and Neil. Neil and Laura begin to believe in Scott as Santa, and Laura burns her custody papers. As they say goodbye, Bernard appears to find out the delay. He tells Charlie that he can call back Scott by shaking the snow globe. The police return to the house just as Santa and his sleigh fly from the roof. As Scott leaves, he drops presents - a Weenie Whistle for Neil and a Mystery Date game for Laura. Ten minutes later, Charlie calls Scott back with the snow globe and they take a final quick ride around the neighborhood. 
 Dunston Checks In (1996)Summaries A young boy befriends a larcenous orangutan in a luxury hotel. Robert's a beleaguered concierge of the luxury hotel owned by Mrs. Dubrow. She tells Robert an undercover reviewer is coming and to look sharp. If he does well he might get a promotion and some time off to take his sons, Brian and Kyle, on vacation. But then the villainous jewel-thief Rutledge checks in with his specially trained orangutan, Dunston. And when Dunston gets loose and tries to escape a life of crime with the help of Brian and Kyle, things go just a little lunatic. Kathy Li The Majestic Hotel is a 5 star luxurious establishment, and Manager Robert Grant is devoted to keeping his guests happy. However his sons, Brian and Kyle are quite the opposite, troublesome and mischievous. Robert discovers for the chairman of the hotel that a Sixth star could be rewarded to the Majectic Hotel, if a representative is impressed, and this representative is an undercover guest of the Majestic Hotel. But then Lord Rutlidge and his well-trained Monkey, Dunston, check into the hotel. Dunston is trained as a jewel thief by his violent owner, Rutlidge, and Dunston attempts to escape a life of crime and with the help of Kyle and Brian, might just destroy the chances of the hotel becoming a 6-star. Mekaeal Chaudary It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 