nm0001764:

 Dreams (1984)Summaries Welder Gino Minnelli is the charismatic singer of the Philadelphia band Dreams. Gino is joined by Phil, guitarist/writer, drummer Weiner and vocalist Martha. Rich girl Lisa, with a powerful voice, joins them at uncle Frank's club. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Grandfathered (20152016)Summaries A confirmed bachelor discovers he's a dad--and a grandfather. What does Jimmy Martino do when the 20-something-year-old son he never knew he had shows up toting his beautiful little girl with him? Well, he must simply accept that he's just been grandfathered. A show about an ultimate bachelor who suddenly discovers that he is not only a father, but a grandfather as well. What's the fastest way to put the brakes on a cruise-controlled bachelor lifestyle? Fatherhood? Guess again. Television icon John Stamos (Full House, ER) stars in a new comedy about the ultimate bachelor who discovers he's not only a father, but also a grandfather. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fuller House (20162020)Summaries In a continuation of Full House (1987) , D.J. Fuller is a mother of three young boys and is a recent widow. D.J.'s sister Stephanie, her best friend Kimmy and Kimmy's teenage daughter all move in to help raise her sons. The house is now a lot fuller. Fuller House is a spin-off series based on the hit ABC family sitcom Full House (1987-95) created and executive produced by Jeff Franklin for Netflix. D.J. Tanner-Fuller (Candace Cameron-Bure) is a recently widowed mom to a 13-year-old named Jackson (Michael Campion), 7-year-old named Max (Elias Harger), and a newborn son named Tommy (Fox and Dashiell Messitt). After realizing she is unable to cope with the demands of holding a full time job as a veterinarian in addition to raising three kids, her sister Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin) and childhood best friend Kimmy (Andrea Barber), who is also the mother of a 13-year-old daughter (Soni Bringas), offer to move in to bring up her children. Eli Allen It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Full House (19871995)541) A widowed broadcaster raises his three daughters with assistance from his rock'n'roll brother-in-law and his madcap best friend. This is a story about sports-broadcaster-turned-morning-talk-show-host Danny Tanner and his three little girls, D.J. (Donna Jo), Stephanie, and Michelle Tanner. Before the show begins, Danny Tanner's wife is killed by a drunk driver, so he needs help raising his daughters. He asks his rock-musician brother-in-law Jesse Katsopolis and his comedian best friend Joey Gladstone to move in with them. As the show goes on, Jesse marries Rebecca Donaldson, Danny's talk-show co-host, and they have twin sons, Nicholas Katsopolis. Raffi Nazarian <gamk@yahoo.com> Danny, a widower talk-show host, has three daughters (D.J., Stephanie, and Michelle). Lucky for him, his brother-in-law Jesse, a true Elvis super-freak, and best friend Joey, a struggling comic, help him raise the girls. A sitcom about a really full house: by the last season, nine people and a dog live under the same roof. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> After Danny Tanner's wife Pam dies in a car accident, he raises his three daughters D.J., Stephanie, and Michelle with help from his comedian friend Joey Gladstone and Jesse Katsopolis, his rock-musician brother-in-law who later marries Rebecca Donaldson, with whom he has twins Nicky and Alex. Mike Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Needing help after his wife's sudden death, talk show host Danny Tanner (Bob Saget) calls on his Elvis obsessed, rock n' roll, brother in law, Jesse Katsopolis (John Stamos) and his childhood best friend, stand up comedian Joey Gladstone (Dave Coulier) to help him take care of his 3 daughters, D.J. (Candace Cameron Bure), Stephanie (Jodie Sweetin), and Michelle (Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen). This show follows the crazy everyday antics of the "full house". 