nm0001802:

 Three Men and a Little Lady (1990)321) Three ex-dads quickly discover how empty life is without their little lady, and go to outrageous lengths in their efforts to win their daughter back in this critically acclaimed and equally charming sequel. Five happy years after baby Mary's arrival in 3 Men and a Baby (1987) , the ecstatic single fathers and still-unrepentant bachelors, Peter, Michael, and Jack, find themselves living under the same roof with Mary's British actress mother, Sylvia. However, things will take a turn for the unexpected, when Sylvia decides to move to the United Kingdom, after a promising business proposition combined with a welcome marriage proposal by her director and husband-to-be, Edward. In low spirits, the three fathers travel to bustling London, where one of them discovers that he has deeper feelings for Sylvia and that Edward might have a secret agenda. Will the three men and their little lady let Edward break up their family? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Peter (Tom Selleck), Michael (Steve Guttenberg) and Jack (Ted Danson) are now dedicated "fathers" to five year old Mary (Robin Weisman). Everything is going along fine until Mary's mother, Sylvia (Nancy Travis), begins thinking she needs more stability in her life and doesn't think any of her roomates are up to the task. Sylvia doesn't know that Peter has fallen in love with her but is hesitant to act since he feels his best friend, and Mary's biological father, Jack should step up and marry her so she accepts a marriage proposal from the director of her play, Edward (Christopher Cazenove). The wedding is to be in England and shortly we learn that Edward plans to move Sylvia and Mary there as well. Faced with the prospect of losing Mary from their lives Michael and Jack convince Peter to finally ask Sylvia to marry him instead of the unlikable, but willing, Edward and the three go to great lengths to break them up. In the end Sylvia realizes that Edward is a scoundrel and that she really likes Peter as well so we get the typical and expected happy ending with Sylvia leaving Edward at the alter to return to New York. 
 So I Married an Axe Murderer (1993)Summaries A San Francisco poet who fears commitment suspects his girlfriend may have a knack for killing off her significant others. Avant-garde poet Charlie hasn't had much luck with women, but then he meets Harriet, the girl of his dreams.. or is it his nightmares? Harriet is wonderful, but Charlie begins to suspect that she is Mrs. X., a woman who marries men, then kills them. Rob Hartill Charlie MacKenzie is a dedicated San Francisco coffeehouse poet whose poems concern his numerous failed relationships, which have all ended because of some weird, inexcusable paranoia. His mother May and best friend Tony can only criticize him for his wrongdoings. But he believes he very well may have found the perfect woman in Harriet, a meat butcher with a heart of gold. But Charlie begins suspecting something about Harriet that may not be so perfect. MonkeyKingMA It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Vanishing (1993)Summaries The boyfriend of an abducted woman never gives up the search as the abductor looks on. Barney teaches chemisty, and is planning to abduct a woman. Despite methodical planning and countless trial runs he always manages to mess things up. Then Diane, who is traveling with her boyfriend Jeff, unwittingly makes herself an easy target. The story is mainly from Jeff's viewpoint, as he searches for Diane. Barney watches him. Rob Hartill It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Greedy (1994)431) Rich, old uncle Joe is surrounded by relatives waiting/hoping for him to die while trying to look good and backstabbing the competition. What should he do? Uncle Joe is ageing. He's also a millionaire. That's why his family is trying so very hard to get into his good books. They all want a piece of his empire. Unfortunately Uncle Joe isn't as stupid as his family thinks he is. He can see that his family is only nice to him because they want his money. Along comes Daniel McTeague, a struggling bowler, imported from another city by his family, to put an end to this ridiculous situation. The fight won't be easy, though, because the poor family has a little bit of competition - A beautiful nurse who takes care of Uncle Joe (and no doubt would love to take care of his bank account). Who gets all the money? Michael Feller <reb@magna.com.au> An extremely wealthy and crafty old man (Douglas) toys with his greedy nieces and nephews as they circle about, waiting for their ill-deserved inheritance. The plot thickens as the old man takes a young mistress (d'Abo), and they fear that she will get the estate. In response, they locate the much-loved nephew (Fox) who walked away from the whole greed thing and became a professional bowler. Deception upon deception complicates matters as young Daniel is slowly drawn back under the spell of Greed. Tony Bridges <tbridges@spicer.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Joe MacTeague [Kirk Douglas] is a rich old man but he wants to know which of his relatives really cares about him.His nephews and niece Carl [Ed Begley jr],Frank [Phil Hartman],Glen [Jere Burns] and Patti [Colleen Camp] visit him time and again at his mansion to please,amuse and generally suck up to him,even trying to outdo each other to try and win favour with him for his fortune. One day,they discover Joe has hired a beautiful english woman called Molly [Olivia D,Abo] to serve him as a private nurse and after witnessing how close the two of them seem, the family start to worry about her intentions for their Uncle's money.They hire a private detective to find more out about her and soon realise that they can't possibly compete with what Molly can offer Joe.Desperate not to give up,they decide to track down Danny [Michael J.Fox] now a grown up bowler,who was forced to leave the family years earlier with his father,after an heated argument with Joe.But the family remember how fond of Danny jr,Joe was. Danny has had to give up his bowling career after injuring his wrist,but has decided to invest in a bowling centre with a couple of friends.He tells his girlfriend Robin [Nancy Travis] that it's going to cost $300,000 dollars,but he soon realises he could be in luck when the detective tracks him down, and tells him about his family's invitation to Joe's.Danny asks him for a loan,but Joe tells him he will only lend him the money if he chooses him over his dad.Danny refuses. Later,Joe apologizes for suggesting something like that,but tells him it was because he was testing him to see if he was like his relatives.Danny soon realises that Joe is becoming ill and starts to worry when Joe tells him he plans on giving his money to Molly.Danny moves in with him to try and prevent that from happening.And it works.But his relatives are angry that he doesn't plan on sharing any money with them after deciding that they're scumbags and Molly is angry that he's taking Joe's money while he's still alive. Desperate for none of the Macteague's to get their inheritance,Molly decides to finally do what she said she never would - have sex with the old man.But just as she is about to go through with it,they are interrupted by Danny's father,who is disgusted that nothing has changed in the household since he left.Danny gets into a huge argument with him and ends up choosing Uncle Joe over his dad.Molly decides to leave after she realises how low she nearly sunk,and that deep down she was only ever really there for the money.Robin tries to comfort Danny about the situation with his dad,but he tells her that it wasn't really his dad.It was in fact an actor that he'd hired,in order to make out to his uncle that he loved him more than his dad.Robin is disgusted and leaves. At Joe's attorney's office,Danny is waiting with Joe ready to gain all of his money and posessions,but they are interrupted by the rest of the family who have brought along Danny's real father.Feeling ashamed that his dad knows all about his schemes,Danny admits that he's become just as greedy as the rest of them.But he and the family soon find out that not only is Joe broke,he's also $93,000 dollars in debt.A fight breaks out between the family and everyone is told to leave,but not before Danny tells Joe how much he hates him.But when Danny goes back to Robin,she reminds him how much he does actually care about his uncle. The two of them let the ill and homeless Joe stay with them in their apartment,but Joe has a surprise for them when they look out the window and see his butler across the street with Molly.He's not really broke."I'm richer than shit".He tells them that they've proved their love for him and they can stay with him at his mansion and co - own everything of his.And his final surprise for them - he gets up out of his wheelchair and walks out. 