nm0009292:

 Secrets of Sand (1993 )Summaries Mulheres de Areia (Sand Women) is a Brazilian soap opera that tells the story of beautiful twin sisters Rute and Raquel. It's the classic thing: one twin is good and the other is devilish. It's a very good soap opera for fans of romantic drama. joanamusic It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Stio do Picapau Amarelo (19771986)Summaries At a small house, there at the Yellow Woodpecker Ranch, live an intelligent and tender granny, Miss Benta, the cook Aunt Nastcia, the two cousins Lucia "Little Nose" and Pete. With them, a wise living toy made of maize named Viscount of Corncob by the kids, and Lucia's talkative living rag doll, the smart, rough and somehow magical Emilia, which possesses an immeasurable power of bringing imagination to real only by "pretending". The kids are entertained not only by Benta's fairy tales, but also by her intense knowledge of the world. The farm is surrounded by a pristine jungle inhabited by creatures beyond the imagination - the frightening ones such as the Headless Mule, the Werewolf, or the Will-o'-the-wisp; the naturally correct ones such as the Curupira and Iara, a river nymph - or "mere" ones such as hungry jaguars and hostile wasps (the only ones the brave and bold Pete actually fears). The forest is also home for the demonic, reptilian witch Cuca and her "cousin" Saci-Perer, a mulatto boy-like, one-legged figure that enjoys playing pranks particularly on Aunt Barnab, the farm's closest and sympathetic neighbor. The ranch itself is populated by uncommon, talking animals such a reader Donkey, a docile and tender rhino named Quindim and the greedy, lazy and fat pig Short-Tail, who also happens to be Emilia's "husband". The nearby stream is an actual hidden gateway for a wondrous underwater kingdom to which Lucia creates a bond, particularly to its fish king, the Scaly Prince. In this universe of fantasy and learning, Lucia, Pete, the corny Viscount and Emilia explore different worlds such as Neverland, the Fables Country, the Ancient Greece and even the Moon, traveling by using a magic and powerful powder known as Pirlimpimpim. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Maria Esperana (2007 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chick Thing (2005)211) The story of five women living in the same building: Catarina, tired of her marriage; Mnica, dreaming of marrying still a virgin; Mayara, wanting to be a mother by any means; Dora, recently divorced; and Graa, who wants to succeed in her profession. Their lives change when they meet Murilo, a journalist who starts using their intimate confessions for his magazine column, under a female name. lukejoplin@infolink.com.br Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Womans affair is a comedy about the female universe. A world full of passion, jealousy, friendship, romance, sex, and, of course, panic of getting old and unattractive. The film is about five women: Catarina, frustrated housewife tired of her marriage; Monica, who dreams of getting married still virgin; Mayara, who wishes to get pregnant at any cost; Dora, newly separated, open minded; and Grace, the one who wants to succeed professionally. Living in the same middle-class building, named Athens, they will find themselves attracted by a new tenant, a charming and enigmatic man: Murilo, a writer in crisis. With no money, he accepts to write for a female magazine under the name of Cassandra. His column is a fiasco until he moves into the same building and gets to know the women who will change his life. Little by little, he approaches each of them and notices that they are a wonderful source of stories for his work. Cassandra then turns into a success! 