nm0004752:

 Love Don't Cost a Thing (2003)Summaries A high school loser pays a cheerleader to pose as his girlfriend so he can be considered cool. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Let's Talk About Sex (1998)Summaries A film about three young women who get more than they bargained for when they set out to interview passers-by on the streets of Miami Beach about sex. An aspiring African-American talk show host sets out with two girlfriends to videotape interviews with multicultural women about life, love and sex. She interviews her friends Michelle, who is a vixen, and Lena, who is more vulnerable about their views on sex. Through the course of the project, all three women work out their sexually problems and questions, and work on their relationships with men. InBaseline.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 John Q (2002)Summaries John Quincy Archibald takes a hospital emergency room hostage when his insurance won't cover his son's heart transplant. John Quincy Archibald's son Michael collapses while playing baseball as a result of heart failure. John rushes Michael to a hospital emergency room where he is informed that Michael's only hope is a transplant. Unfortunately, John's insurance won't cover his son's transplant. Out of options, John Q. takes the emergency room staff and patients hostage until hospital doctors agree to do the transplant. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 B*A*P*S (1997)Summaries Two tacky homegirls move to L.A. to become dancers; instead they scam a dying millionaire but eventually become B*A*P*S (Black American Princesses). Nisi and Mickey are girlfriends who work as waitresses. To get the necessary money for opening their dream restaurant they fly to California to audition for a music video. There Nisi is asked by the nephew of Mr.Blakemore's (who is video director) to act for a week as granddaughter of Lily, Mr.Blakemores one true love, whom he lost long ago and couldn't pursue because she was his family's housekeeper. They revive Blakemore's interest for life, and he teaches them to be "Black American Princesses" in return. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 