nm0003388:

 Into the Storm (2014)761) Storm trackers, thrill-seekers, and everyday townspeople document an unprecedented onslaught of tornadoes touching down in the town of Silverton. In the span of a single day, the town of Silverton is ravaged by an unprecedented onslaught of tornadoes. The entire town is at the mercy of the erratic and deadly cyclones, even as storm trackers predict the worst is yet to come. Most people seek shelter, while others run towards the vortex, testing how far a storm chaser will go for that once-in-a-lifetime shot. New Line Cinema In the middle of Tornado Alley in the small town of Silverton, Oklahoma, multiple storm paths are about to converge. A documentary crew is tracking the storms, local adventure-seekers want to put themselves into the danger zone, and a widowed school principal with two teenage sons is planning the graduation ceremony. When a storm hits, this diverse group of people must come together balancing their personal goals and the safety of themselves and others. But there are more storms on the horizon, and told from the point of view of those witnessing it, these storms prove to be far greater than ever experienced putting all their lives in danger. Anne Campbell It is graduation day in the town of Silverton and the sons of the vice-principal Gary, Donnie and Trey, are responsible for filming the ceremony. However, Donnie has a crush on his mate Kaitlyn (Alycia Debnam Carey) and he has the chance to go with her to an abandoned chemical facility to help her in an assignment, leaving his brother alone. Meanwhile the storm tracker Pete is advised by his meteorologist Allison to head to Silverton where a tornado will probably appear. Pete needs to prepare footage of tornado for the producer and he drives his truck Titus with the cameraman Jacob followed by the equipped van with Allison, the driver Daryl and Lucas to film the tornado. However, several erratic tornadoes arrive in the town and seem that there is not no safe shelter to protect the inhabitants of Silverton. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A tornado hits the car carrying four high school students, killing them all. In the town of Silverton, Oklahoma, the local high school senior class is preparing for graduation. The high school's vice-principal, Gary Fuller (Richard Armitage), has asked his two sons, Trey and Donnie, to record messages from the seniors for a time capsule to be opened in 25 years. Elsewhere, Pete (Matt Walsh), a veteran storm chaser, has been attempting to intercept and film tornadoes using a heavily armored Tornado Intercept Vehicle nicknamed Titus, but has come up short all year long. Upon learning of a major line of developing storms, the chasers confer and decide to head for Silverton in hopes of filming tornadoes. After arriving in Silverton, the team discovers that the cell they had been chasing has dissipated, upsetting Pete. As the team reconvenes to determine its next move, the Silverton cell abruptly strengthens, resulting in a hailstorm and tornado. As the team films, the funnel abruptly shifts course and heads for the high school.. Reckless thrill-seekers and death-defying documentarians are about to witness the true wrath of Mother Nature, as an unequalled system of omnipotent tornadoes rapidly approaches the small town of Silverton, Oklahoma. Against the backdrop of the local high school's graduation ceremony, a single-mother meteorologist struggles to predict the formation of the next wall cloud, as a team of storm chasers prepare for the worst. Now, gigantic funnel clouds tend to close in on the city, and nothing can avert the imminent disaster. Will this unstoppable flock of tornadoes tear the little community apart? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Four high school friends in Oklahoma are hanging out in a car in the dark of night. They hear the clap of thunder, and from afar, they see several transformers blowing out. One of the kids gets out to film it on his phone, with his friends yelling at him to get back in the car. Then, a tornado descends right on top of them, killing all four kids. In the next scene, we meet Titus Team, a group of tornado documentary filmmakers and storm chasers. They're led by Pete ( Matt Walsh ), who is annoyed that they missed the previous night's storm that killed the kids. With him is Lucas ( Lee Whittaker ) and Jacob ( Jeremy Sumpter ). In another van are Allison ( Sarah Wayne Callies ) and Daryl ( Arlen Escarpeta ). Neither of them are thrilled to be riding with Pete. They track a storm that is headed to the town later that day. Amidst their journey to track this beast of a storm, we learn that Allison has been away from her five-year-old daughter for a few months. The kid wants her mom back, but even Allison doesn't know when she'll be home. She just continue to assure her daughter that she'll return soon. Meanwhile, High school junior Donnie Fuller ( Max Deacon ) is making a time capsule video for him to watch in 25 years. His younger brother Trey ( Nathan Kress ) comes in to make fun of Donnie for not talking to his crush Kaitlyn Johnston ( Alycia Debnam-Carey ). Their father Gary ( Richard Armitage ) is a bit distant and a hard-ass on the boys. Gary is the vice principal of the school and is focused on the graduation ceremony that day, which Donnie is supposed to film. He tries to talk to them but Donnie only keeps him away. Elsewhere, we find two dim-witted buddies, Donk ( Kyle Davis ) and Reevis ( Jon Reep ) trying to make a hit YouTube video. They have Donk ride his ATV through a ramp and over his pool that's been lit on fire. Donk crashes the ATV through the pool, breaking it. He and his buddies laugh and think of the many hits they'll get, while his mother runs out and yells at them for wrecking the pool. The boys hear about the storm and set off to find it. At school, Donnie sees Kaitlyn being reprimanded by her teacher. He awkwardly approaches her in the library and asks her about what happened, which Trey videotapes for fun. Kaitlyn had to do a video project in order to receive an internship, but her video files got messed up. Donnie offers to help her out later, which she is extremely thankful for. He makes Trey tape the graduation ceremony, and he reluctantly agrees to it. The Titus Team is at their hotel when they sense the storm approaching. Large chunks of hail come raining down, and they head out to track the tornado. Turns out it's headed right for the school. The team drives down the fields where Donk and Reevis come riding in. Everybody sees the tornado coming down hard. Pete orders Jacob to record footage, while Donk and Reevis try to get their latest hit video. The tornado eventually gains momentum and makes its way toward the school as the graduation ceremony goes on. The students get soaked wet, and then the alert system goes off. The students are rushed into the school. The students, along with Gary and the principal, keep their heads down. The tornado hits the school, throwing a tree through the door and tearing a hole through the roof, sucking a few students out. Meanwhile, Donnie takes Kaitlyn to the abandoned paper mill to try and start the video project. They don't sense the storm and have no idea what's happening until Gary tries calling Donnie. He tells his dad where he is before getting cut off. The storm hits the paper mill, causing it to collapse around Donnie and Kaitlyn. Gary takes Trey to go find Donnie. They come across the storm chasers downtown, as the tornado hits there as well. The area gets wrecked, with Gary and Trey nearly getting killed. They manage to help a neighbor and his dog to safety. Allison nearly gets pulled into the tornado, but Gary manages to hold onto her long enough until it dissipates. The storm chasers take Gary and Trey with them to help them find Donnie while also trying to get more footage of storms. Donnie tends to a cut on Kaitlyn's leg from the debris. During their time together, Donnie tells her that he was angry with his mother for leaving Gary. He and Trey would go visit her, and the last time he saw her, he barely acknowledged her when she said goodbye to him. She was later killed in a car accident. Suddenly, a pipe breaks, and water begins to fall into the hole, flooding the place. Donnie calls his dad for help, telling him the situation before getting cut off again. En route to the next tornado location, Pete apologizes to Jacob for giving him a hard time, especially since Jacob has been very anxious to get away from the storms. The tornadoes then begin to reappear, destroying more cars and buildings. Donk and Reevis run close to the tornado and get themselves blown away. The team runs into a church for shelter as one of them forms into a "firenado", but Jacob drops his camera. He runs to get it and is pulled into the firenado, burning him alive. In the church, Allison decides to help Gary and Trey find Donnie so that no more lives will be lost. She blames Pete for Jacob's death because all Pete cared about was getting good footage. Daryl steps in and takes the blame for what happened to Jacob. Allison takes Gary and Trey in her vehicle to find Donnie. The hole in which Donnie and Kaitlyn are trapped is flooding more and more with seemingly no way out. Donnie gets his camera and has Kaitlyn record a final message for her parents, telling them she loves them. Donnie does the same for his father and Trey, also apologizing to Gary for giving him shit over the divorce. He and Kaitlyn hug. Gary listens to Donnie's message and determines where he is. He guides Allison to the paper mill. They search for Donnie and Kaitlyn, hearing their voices as the water has reached the highest level. The kids are trapped under a beam which is too heavy for Gary, Allison, and Trey to push. Trey gets in the van and rams into it, pushing the beam off but also causing something to fall on Donnie's leg. Gary pulls Kaitlyn out and jumps in the water for Donnie. He takes Trey's knife and cuts Donnie loose. The boy is not breathing. Gary performs CPR on Donnie until he coughs and wakes up. Gary hugs his son and everyone runs back into the vehicle. Allison learns that a larger and even more powerful tornado (a giant EF5 'wedge tornado') is coming. What's worse is that the warning systems are down. They run to the school to get everybody out of there and onto buses to evacuate, as the storm will run past it and flatten the school in seconds. The students and faculty are put on the buses and safely taken out. However, when Gary and company try to escape, a power line falls on the road, blocking their path. They turn back to find another way out. Pete, Lucas, and Daryl rejoin them, and the remaining survivors take refuge in a storm drain. As the giant tornado comes in, the wind nearly pulls the grate off the walls. Pete drives his vehicle down there, using an anchoring system to hold himself down and also keep the grate on. The storm intensifies, until it seems to settle for a bit. Pete tells Allison they're in the eye of the storm. The winds return, heavier than ever. Gary and Allison hold each other and the kids down, while the tornado pulls Pete and his vehicle into the air. It takes Pete so high up that he finds himself up above the clouds where the sun is. He enjoys the view, mere moments before falling back to the ground and dying. The tornado finally goes away. In the aftermath, the entire town is destroyed. Allison calls her daughter to assure her she's okay. Trey finishes the time capsule video by recording the citizens of the town, who are all thankful to be alive. Gary and his boys address the camera, now looking as though the three of them are closer. He puts his arms around his boys and Trey turns the camera off. Before the credits roll, we see that Donk and Reevis survived the storm and are stuck in a tree. Reevis asks Donk if his camera still works. It does. They rejoice over the prospect of having their latest hit video as Reevis falls from the tree while Donk laughs at him. 
 See (2019 )Summaries Far in a dystopian future, the human race has lost the sense of sight, and society has had to find new ways to interact, build, hunt, and to survive. All of that is challenged when a set of twins are born with sight. In the early twenty-first century, a virus wiped out all human beings but some who survived lost their sense of sight. See takes place several centuries later, where society has found new ways to socially interact, build, hunt, and survive without vision. emojihundred It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Am Legend (2007)761) Years after a plague kills most of humanity and transforms the rest into monsters, the sole survivor in New York City struggles valiantly to find a cure. Robert Neville (Will Smith) is a scientist who was unable to stop the spread of the terrible virus that was incurable and man-made in this post-apocalyptic action thriller. Immune, Neville is now the last human survivor in what is left of New York City and perhaps the world. For three years, Neville has faithfully sent out daily radio messages, desperate to find any other survivors who might be out there. But he is not alone. Mutant victims of the plague - the Infected - lurk in the shadows - watching Neville's every move - waiting for him to make a fatal mistake. Perhaps mankind's last, best hope, Neville is driven by only one remaining mission: to find a way to reverse the effects of the virus using his own immune blood. But he knows he is outnumbered - and quickly running out of time. Warner Bros. Pictures A virus that was created for the purpose of battling cancer and it's administered to those with cancer, and it looked promising. But a few years later, it mutated into plague that kills most of the people on Earth or turns them into creatures, There are a few who are immune. Amongst them is military scientist Robert Neville (Will Smith), who has spent the last three years after the plague decimated humanity trying to find a cure. But he is losing hope until two others who are also immune show up. rcs0411@yahoo.com Adapted from acclaimed author Richard Matheson's influential novelette of the same name, this movie follows the last man on Earth as he struggles to survive while fending off the infected survivors of a devastating vampire plague. A brilliant scientist who raced to discover a cure for the man-made virus as humanity came crumbling down all around him, Robert Neville (Will Smith) was inexplicably immune to the highly contagious super-bug. Now the entire population of New York City - and perhaps the world - has been transformed into carnivorous bloodsuckers that fear the light and live solely to spread their contagion to any remaining living creature that crosses their path. It's been three years since civilization came to an end, and the loneliness has taken a devastating toll on Neville. By day, he scours the city for food and supplies while sending out desperate radio messages in hopes that someone might respond, and by night, he attempts to find a way to reverse the effects of the virus by experimenting with his own blood. But time is running out for Neville as the legions of infected watch his every move from the safety of the shadows, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. They, too, long to learn the secret that lurks in Neville's blood, though they will have to take caution while attempting to procure it because Neville will sooner die attempting to slay every last one of them than willingly giving up a single drop. ahmetkozan Meandering through a barren and ravaged post-apocalyptic Manhattan rendered uninhabitable by a virulent genetically mutated plague, the brilliant virologist and sole survivor, Robert Neville, still hopes to find signs of life, three long years after the devastating outbreak. When the sun is high, the resilient doctor along with his trusted German Shepherd, Samantha, comb the deserted streets scavenging for food, as the cure for the ravenous mutants, that were once humans, is still out of reach. However--vastly outnumbered, scared to death, yet determined to prevail--Robert knows that, sooner or later, there will be no place to hide; then, the only living man in New York will have to make his tragic and heroic last stand against the dangerously resourceful adversary. Is Dr Neville humanity's last hope? Nick Riganas It is the year 2012. In the ruins of New York city. Dr. Robert Neville (Will Smith), who is a military scientist, who is the lone survivor of a biochemical disease which was supposed to cure cancer three years previous. With only blood thirsty zombies as his neighbors and his trusty dog, Samantha, Robert is trying to discover a cure for this disease and to find out any other people who might have also survived. John Wiggins Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dr. Krippen ( Emma Thompson ) is interviewed on TV about her great discovery: she has changed the measles virus genetically so that it attacks cancerous cells. She explains that all the cancer patients which her cure has been tested on have recovered so far. The scene jumps to three years later. We see New York City has become an empty and desolate place, devoid of human life. Grass covers roads and buildings, abandoned cars line the highways and the city is silent. It seems that the apocalypse has arrived. Robert Neville ( Will Smith ) is driving through the deserted city accompanied by Sam, his dog. A herd of deer leap across his path and he follows them gives chase at speed in the car. He tries to shoot them and we realize it's a hunt. The deer split up and run down a road blocked with abandoned cars. Neville gives chase on foot, trying to hunt one deer down. As he rounds a corner he gets the deer in his gun sights only to be beaten to the kill by a lion that presumably escaped from the NYC zoo. Robert is torn as to whether to shoot the lion and its family who also enter the scene or leave the deer to them. At this point Robert's watch alarm starts beeping and he leaves, taking Sam with him. We see Neville's home. It is the typical American detached house, but it looks as though it were in the middle of a war zone. Robert and Sam have had a seemingly normal evening, eating processed food and watching tv. After a bath, Neville shuts, locks and protects every door and window with massive steel shutters. He sleeps with Sam in a bathtub, rifle in hand, with sounds of screaming surround the home. He dreams of how Zoe ( Salli Richardson-Whitfield ), his wife, their child, Marley ( Willow Smith ), and Sam, as a puppy, try to leave New York. We see Robert dressed in a military uniform: he decides to stay in New York on his own in order to try to stop the virus as he is a military doctor. They tell Marley they are going on holiday. The dream scene is interrupted by Neville waking to once again face his lonely reality. At his fortress-like home, Robert exercises and goes down to the basement, where he keeps a small but hi-tech laboratory. We see that he has been experimenting with a vaccine for the virus that has wiped out most of the human race. He's tried the vaccine, evidently only one of hundreds, on some mice in order to find a viable cure. All the mice act incredibly aggressive, except for one. Robert makes note of this mouse and deems that specific compound ready for human trials. Later, Robert goes to a video-rental store where he talks to some mannequins he has set up, his only form of contact with the human form. It seems he has created a game for himself to prevent madness from taking him. He later visits some condo flats nearby, searching for supplies and coming upon a room with a bed surrounded by plastic wrap and another room with two cribs. We see the pain in his eyes as he empathizes with the loss of loved ones. Later, we hear the radio message Neville has created and plays over all AM radio frequencies. It says that he's alive, and that he'll be waiting for more survivors at the docks of the bay at midday everyday. Sam spots a deer again, so Robert and Sam go after it. The deer runs into an old building at ground level, and Sam goes after it, although Robert has tried to hold Sam back. Robert enters the building as Sam will not return of his own accord. Carefully, Robert searches the darkened rooms. He finds the corpse of the deer and Sam, hiding under an old desk. An Infected male then leaps out of the darkness to attack Robert and is shot dead. Both Sam and Robert start running away through the building. Some more of the infected appear and chase them. He fights them all and both are able to get out of the building. The leader of the infected ( Dash Mihok ) cannot run after them because his skin burns as soon as he comes in contact with the sunlight, and after screaming at Neville, he retreats back to the safety of the darkness. Soon afterwards, Robert sets a trap to catch one of the infected. He succeeds and takes the captured female infected ( Joanna Numata ) home to his lab. He tries the vaccine that made the mouse less aggressive, but it fails and the woman flatlines. He revives her with an adrenaline shot and continues to adapt his serums in the hope of finding a cure. That night, he again dreams of the past, when his wife and child try tried to leave New York in the chaos of its evacuation. He relives the panic and terror on the streets as the citizens of the city try to escape before the infected take control. Neville wakes again, with a deeply sad face. The next morning, he remembers it's his birthday. When he goes to the video store, he finds his mannequins have been moved. During the night the infected have set the same trap he organized for them the previous day.. Neville is caught by the trap and passes out. When he wakes up, he is badly hurt, hanging upside down and bleeding. Sam is faithfully waiting for him. He cuts himself free finally just as dusk falls, but he falls on his knife and impales his leg. The infected leader then appears with infected dogs who attack Robert, but Sam defends him, who succeeds in crawling back to his car to retrieve a pistol, shooting the infected dogs dead. He looks over to see Sam collapse from a bite wound and picks her up and lays her in the car. When he gets home he puts Sam on a table, and injects her with an experimental vaccine. The vaccine fails in helping Sam as Neville realizes her hair begins to fall out and she attempts to bite him, so he is forced to kill her by strangling her as she struggles in his arms. Tears stream down his cheeks as he says goodbye to his only friend. He then goes and buries her in the streets. In a grief stricken rage he decides to fight all the infected face-to-face. He drives his SUV at high speed into the hoards of infected who roam the streets at night. He nearly runs off the end of the pier and crashes, the infected overturn his SUV. Just as he is about to die a bright light shines on him and he blacks out. While blacked out, he has dreams about the past once more. This time he dreams of the helicopter his wife and child used to escape New York. As it takes off it, a nearby helicopter is attacked by infected and crashes into the helicopter carrying his family. He wakes up in a his house to Shrek playing on the TV and stitches in his knife wound. The people who rescued him are Anna ( Alice Braga ) and her son Ethan ( Charlie Tahan ), who have heard Robert's radio message and went to find him the previous day. Anna explains a plan to leave New York, and go to a colony of immune survivors in Vermont. Robert, however, insists that he wants to be left alone and that he doesn't believe that such a place exists. Later that evening, Robert realizes that the infected are attacking the house. The previous night they had followed Anna back when she rescued Robert. Although Robert's home defenses are comprehensive, the infected are so great in number they breach the shutters and make their way into the house. Robert, Anna and Ethan retreat to the basement lab. During the hectic fight, Robert has time to realize that the infected female he had captured earlier and tested the virus vaccine on, has come back to her human form. He takes a sample of her blood in a syringe and gives it to Anna, telling her to leave through a small trap-door with Ethan. Robert stays back to kill as many of the infected as he can, blowing them to pieces along with himself, including the vicious alpha-male who has made a personal quest out of hunting Robert down. Anna and Ethan reach a strange place in the middle of the countryside: the road is cut by a castle-like wall and a steel door. There, some human survivors live in that enclosed community. Anna gives the syringe with the antidote to the human leader of that small community and her voice over tells us of the legend that Robert Neville has become. Alternate Ending: During the fight between Robert and the Infected, Robert realizes that the infected female he had captured earlier and tested the virus vaccine on, has come back to her human form. Alpha vampire makes cracks in the glass chamber (in shape of a butterfly) indicating he wants the female back. Robert removes her drug drip and moves her outside the glass chamber, saying that he's listening (to God). The alpha vampire directs other vampires not to attack Robert, who now vaccinates the female to return her to vampire form. The alpha vampire picks her up and leaves with other vampires while Robert says sorry to them for killing some vampires in his experiments. Robert, Anna and Ethan now live together and keep on searching for other human survivors by sending messages in AM broadcasts. 
 American Renegades (2017)211) A team of Navy SEALs discover an underwater treasure in a Bosnian lake. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The French-American army-heist action-comedy "American Renegades" is appears is an unintentional recreation of the 1970 Movie Kelly's Hero's with Clint Eastwood. In Kelly's Hero's during World War II a German Colonel is captured by the Americans Ex-Lieutenant Kelly, Clint Eastwood who manages to reach the Colonel, get him intoxicated and learn that he the Colonel is on a secret mission to ship $16,000,000 of gold to a base in France. Kelly is determined to get the gold and plans for himself and a few of his fellow soldiers. "American Renegades" is almost the precise and same story. Yes, using Nazi stolen gold and military personnel planning and instigating a process to get it. Both movies are entertaining movies are primarily with unrealistic plot scenarios. One 1970 and the other 2017. American Renegades is enjoyable and fun because, well, it's fun to watch attractive celebrities be confident and stylish while also doing impossible things, like shooting fancy guns, getting into ridiculous fist fights like John Wayne did in the his fifties military movies for no real reason. In American Renegades it is amazing how the viewer is lead to believe that moving 27000 lbs of gold with just Five Navy Seals and a Bosnian woman waitress which one of the Seals is engaged having a love affair is easy. The Gold is in a Bank Under 150 feet of water and its night time with Grenades being hurled at them from the protagonist general who figured this plot out in a boat above just in time from Lara's brother. He sends three of his men down in the water to stop them but were all killed by the Navy Seals. Now what's fun here is the General J.K. Simmons a career strict officer somehow at the end the movie becomes an ally and can distribute 150,000,000 dollars back to France and get the waitress the highest award that the French can award to a civilian and wears the medal around her neck. This same GENERAL also has a rich brother who takes delivery of the remaining $150,000,000 in gold and sells it and get that money back so the general can distribute the funds to the team and the waitress character Lara has the full $150,000,000 to distribute angst her people in Bosnia for building schools and hospitals. Matt Barnes (Sullivan Stapleton), an American soldier, is convinced by Loverboy Stanton Baker (Charlie Bewley), his second-in-command, that Loverboy's Bosnian girlfriend waitress, Femme Fatale with a Heart of Gold Lara Simic (Sylvia Hoeks), tells him of an underwater cache of 70 year old Nazi gold. Jack Porter (Dimitri Leonidas) and Kurt Duffy (Diarmaid Murtagh), and Ben Moran (Joshua Henry) round out the crew. Simple cast. Most of the actors here except J.K. Simmons deliver Mostly Undistinguished performances. The viewer, watches and waits but the story never intensifies. Unfortunately, Steven Quale the director contrives, creates and ties several visually uninspired stories such as the no logic fight with a group of British SAS army men. Because the film's cast members are primarily not inspiring or dynamic the movie kind of drags on as the audience is hoping for some excitement. However, the movie is full of old past story plots, fifties beat em up scenarios, fantasy technology and impossible scenarios with strange scenes with Lara's brother. This movie is a movie that the plot with even a better director would not have made much more of a positive impact. The story is old in concept and UN-realistic plots and their delivery makes this at best a mediocre movie. The Delivery, direction and story line of Kelly's heroes was a much more believable fun believable movie and although this one is actually a remake unintended of that movie this one just does not hit the mark. - Martin Snytsheuvel 