nm0005204:

 RoboCop (1994)Summaries Alex Murphy is RoboCop, a cybernetic policeman. A creation of a vast corporation, he fights crime and occasional corporate conspiracy in the near-future of Old Detroit. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 On Location with: FAME (1980)Summaries A short film about the making of the movie "Fame." The movie Fame (1980) is aptly titled as it follows students at New York's School for the Performing Arts in their quest for fame in one of the most show business oriented cities in the world. This movie is director Alan Parker 's first ever to shoot in the US. Parker, in a letter to all cast members, describes why he sees this subject as being important: that the school's geographic location reminds the students both of the great successes to be had on the Great White Way, and the schlock, as he calls it, that populates 42nd Street. He believes that there is a fine line between success and failure in this world. Parker is also intrigued by the motivations behind what makes people, especially young people, want to perform. Individuals within the ensemble cast describe their own characters in the movie. Although there are several performances in the movie, the movie has a certain grounding, most specifically represented by the character of the English teacher, Mrs. Sherwood, played by Anne Meara . Huggo This is a promotional short for the feature film Fame (1980) . It tells the story of several students at the School for the Performing Arts in New York City. At this high school, students study dance and singing, and play musical instruments in addition to the standard subjects. Director Alan Parker explains his vision of the film, and several of the young performers are interviewed about the characters they portray. David Glagovsky <dglagovsky@prodigy.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 ER (19942009)Summaries The lives, loves and losses of the doctors and nurses of Chicago's County General Hospital. Michael Crichton has created a medical drama that chronicles life and death in a Chicago hospital emergency room. Each episode tells the tale of another day in the ER, from the exciting to the mundane, and the joyous to the heart-rending. Frenetic pacing, interwoven plot lines, and emotional rollercoastering is used to attempt to accurately depict the stressful environment found there. This show even portrays the plight of medical students in their quest to become physicians. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A TV medical drama that overlooks and chronicles the daily personal/working lives of a team of ER Doctors, Nurses, Patients and the people around them who work in Cook County General Teaching Hospital. Through this we see the heartbreak, triumph, loss and love they experience and sacrifice to try and save lives and to deal with their personal issues. kianhc It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 All Rise (20192021)Summaries A look at the personal and professional lives of the judges, lawyers, clerks, bailiffs and cops who work at an L.A. County courthouse. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 