nm0009069:

 Lyckoviken (2020 )Summaries When police officer Johanna Strand returns to her hometown Hammarvik to attend her mother's funeral, she expects to stay only for a few nights but the body of a young woman is found and she decides to stay and investigate what happened. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Skilda vrldar (19962002)Summaries Two twins, Daniel and Sandra, are separated when very young as their parents split up without any contact for nearly 20 years. When they meet by chance on their 20th birthday this drama series starts, and the first main storyline is whether or not they will get to know that they are related. Their two families (of different world, hence the title) are upper and middle class. Daniel's brother Mikael elopes with Anna to live as outcasts, as Anna's mother blames Daniel and Mikael for the murder of her husband. Andreas is revealed as the real killer, but doesn't succeed in proving to the court that the death was an accident, so Andreas has to spend time in prison. His girlfriend is Daniel's and Mikael's sister Stina, who is torn between her family and boyfriend. Ragnar Sthle <rasta_s@edu.sollentuna.se> This show was mainly about two twins separated at birth. After three seasons the show changed dramatically. Many actors left, and the show was cut from a daily 22 minutes soap, to a one hour once a week show. The two families, Bovallius and Toivonen were, however, still in the centre of the show, which ended airing in 2002 (the show was cancelled in 2000). kibby It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Sjtte dagen (19992001)Summaries the center was the mysterious murder of Felicia Ekebladh It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Medicinmannen (2005)Summaries Martin Holst is the dynamic CEO of the pharmaceutical manufacturer Holst Medicals. When his son Jonas is kidnapped and turned into an innocent pawn in a much greater game, Martin loses control not only over his family and the company, but over his whole life. Before long he is forced to reevaluate everything he used to take for granted. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 