nm0001515:

 The Social Network (2010)761) As Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg creates the social networking site that would become known as Facebook, he is sued by the twins who claimed he stole their idea, and by the co-founder who was later squeezed out of the business. On a fall night in 2003, Harvard undergrad and computer programming genius Mark Zuckerberg sits down at his computer and heatedly begins working on a new idea. In a fury of blogging and programming, what begins in his dorm room soon becomes a global social network and a revolution in communication. A mere six years and 500 million friends later, Mark Zuckerberg is the youngest billionaire in history... but for this entrepreneur, success leads to both personal and legal complications. Columbia Pictures Every age has its visionaries who leave, in the wake of their genius, a changed world--but rarely without a battle over exactly what happened and who was there at the moment of creation. "The Social Network" explores the moment at which Facebook was invented--through the warring perspectives of the super-smart young men who each claimed to be there at its inception. The movie moves from the halls of Harvard to the cubicles of Palo Alto to capture the heady early days of a culture-changing phenomenon in the making--and the way it both pulled a group of young revolutionaries together and then split them apart. In the midst of the chaos are Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg), the brilliant Harvard student who conceived a Web site; Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield), once Zuckerberg's close friend, who provided the seed money for the fledgling company; Napster founder Sean Parker (Justin Timberlake), who brought Facebook to Silicon Valley's venture capitalists; and the Winklevoss twins (Armie Hammer and Josh Pence), the Harvard classmates who asserted that Zuckerberg stole their idea and then sued him for ownership of it. Each has his own narrative, his own version of the Facebook story in this multi-level portrait of 21st Century success--both the youthful fantasy of it and its finite realities as well. Columbia Pictures As told through flashbacks via deposition hearings for two concurrent lawsuits, the development and early days of the social networking website Facebook is presented. Harvard students Mark Zuckerberg and Eduardo Saverin - officially listed as the co-founders of the website - were once best friends. Based on an on-line blog about his ex-girlfriend and a site he developed allowing its users to rate the hotness factor of girls on campus, Zuckerberg, who exhibited a streak of arrogance, was asked by fellow Harvardites, wealthy twins Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss , and their friend Divya Narendra, to enter into an agreement to develop a social networking website specifically for Harvard students, the attraction for people to visit it being its exclusivity solely to Harvard students. Zuckerberg agreed. Zuckerberg, with financing from his friend Saverin, decided instead to develop his own website without telling the "Winklevi" (as he calls the twins) and Narenda. Zuckerberg's assertion was that he never used a line of code provided by the three in his work. As "thefacebook" as it was then called began to blossom, the twins and Narenda had to figure out what to do to regain what they believed their intellectual property without having to sue, since that's not what gentlemanly Harvardites do. As the site was brought to more and more university campuses, Zuckerberg and Saverin began to have a difference of opinion: Saverin wanted to sell ad space to generate revenue (as he had been the website's sole financier and he had profit mentality based on being an economics major), while Zuckerberg, never one interested in money, didn't want to go that route as the ads would make the site lose its "cool" factor, which made it popular. The site attracted the attention of the founder of Napster, Sean Parker, whose own dot com life had its spectacular ups and spectacular downs. As Parker ingratiated himself into Facebook's life (much to Saverin's chagrin) and as Zuckerberg began increasingly to side with Parker, Saverin slowly began to be phased out of both Zuckerberg's personal and professional life. Huggo Not very good at expressing himself in person, Mark Zuckerberg (Jesse Eisenberg) first alienates himself from his girlfriend, who feels conversing with him is like working the 'stairmaster', while taking strong exception to his condescending remarks towards her. He and his buddy, Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield), plagiarize a proposed networking website from Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss, and Divya Narendra, made exclusively for Harvadites - re-naming it 'The Facebook'. This site connects students, describes what drives life in college, who's single, and how to hook-up with girls. Both then are approached by Napster-fame Sean Parker (Justin Timberlake), and upon his advise, 'The' is removed - giving birth to the now-revolutionary 'Facebook' - that can be accessed by anyone worldwide - not just a few exclusive campuses. But his competitiveness, inability to communicate, and the urge to be number one, will alienate him, and result in two lawsuits - one from the Winklevoss twins - and the second from none other than Eduardo himself. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) The story of the creators of Facebook and the subsequent legal battles that stretched out over several years. Told mostly in flashbacks while Mark Zuckerman gives depositions in two lawsuits, the idea of a shareable social information site came to him one night after he hacked into his school's database and published the photos of all the women at the school. One of his roommates, Eduardo Saverin, provides the upfront financing and Zuckerman deftly outmaneuvers two other students who had a similar idea. The relationship with Saverin deteriorates and he soon finding himself on the outside looking in. All in all, an unflattering picture of all those involved. garykmcd Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In October 2003, Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg ( Jesse Eisenberg ) has the idea to create a website to rate the attractiveness of female Harvard undergraduates after his girlfriend Erica Albright ( Rooney Mara ) breaks up with him in the opening scene at a local bar after a bad date where his ego and abrasiveness brings out the worst in him. Over the course of a single night, a half-drunk Mark hacks into the databases of various residence halls, downloads pictures and names of female students and, using an algorithm for ranking chess players supplied by his best friend Eduardo Saverin ( Andrew Garfield ), he creates in a few hours a website called "FaceMash.com", where male students can interactively choose which of two girls presented at a time is more attractive. Mark is punished with six months of academic probation after the traffic to the site brings down parts of Harvard's computer network, and he becomes vilified among most of Harvard's female community. However, the popularity of "FaceMash" and the fact that he created it in one night, while drunk, brings him to the attention of Cameron Winklevoss and Tyler Winklevoss ( Armie Hammer and Josh Pence ), identical twins and members of Harvard's rowing team, and their business partner Divya Narendra ( Max Minghella ). As a result, he gains a job working for the Winklevoss twins as the programmer of their website, Harvard Connection. Soon afterwards, Mark approaches his friend Eduardo and tells him of his idea for what he calls "Thefacebook", an online social networking website exclusive to Harvard University students. He explains this would let people share personal and social information securely. Eduardo agrees to help Mark, providing a fee of $1,000 to help start the site. Once complete, they distribute the link to Eduardo's connections at the Phoenix S-K final club, and it quickly becomes popular throughout the student body. When they learn of Thefacebook, the Winklevoss twins and Narendar believe that Zuckerberg stole their idea while simultaneously stalling on their website. Cameron and Divya want to sue Mark for intellectual property theft, but Tyler convinces them they can settle the matter as "Harvard gentlemen" without resorting to the courts. A few months later, at a lecture by Bill Gates ( Steve Sires ), fellow Harvard University student Christy Lee ( Brenda Song ) introduces herself and her friend Alice ( Melise ) to Eduardo and Mark. She asks that the boys "Facebook us", which impresses both of them. The girls invite them to a bar, where they have sex in the toilet. Mark later runs into his ex-girlfriend, Erica, who is not aware of The Facebook's existence because she is not a Harvard University student. Stung by this, Mark decides to expand the site to more schools. Christy, Mark, and Eduardo later return to Mark's room where they outline the structure of the company and their plan for moving forward. By the spring of 2004, the Facebook grows in popularity, and it expands to other schools in the Northeastern United States, while the Winklevoss twins and Narendra become angrier at seeing "their idea" advance without them. Tyler refuses to sue them, instead accusing Mark of violating the Harvard student Code of Conduct. Through their father's connections they arrange a meeting with Harvard President Larry Summers ( Douglas Urbanski ), who is dismissive and sees no potential value in either a disciplinary action or in a lawsuit against Thefacebook website itself. Through Christy Lee, now Eduardo's girlfriend, Eduardo and Mark arrange a meeting with Napster co-founder Sean Parker ( Justin Timberlake ). When Christy, Mark and Eduardo meet Parker at a trendy Fusion restaurant in New York City, Eduardo becomes skeptical of the eccentric Parker, noting his problematic personal and professional history. Mark, however, is impressed with Parker since he presented a similar vision of Facebook. Although no deals are reached, Parker suggests that they drop "The" from Thefacebook to make it simply "Facebook". That summer, Mark moves the company's base of operation to Palo Alto, California at Parker's suggestion, while Eduardo remains in New York for seeking advertising support. When Eduardo visits from New York, he is angered to find that Parker is living at the house and making business decisions for Facebook. After an argument with Mark, the vindictive Eduardo freezes the company's bank account and returns to New York. Upon returning, Christy and Eduardo argue about his Facebook profile, which still lists him as "single". Christy accuses Eduardo of cheating on her and sets fire to a scarf he gave to her as a gift. While Eduardo extinguishes the fire, Mark angrily calls him on the phone about freezing the Facebook bank accounts, and reveals that they have secured money from "an angel investor" through Parker's contacts. As a result of Christy's jealousy, Eduardo ends his relationship with her. Meanwhile in England, while competing in the Henley Royal Regatta, the Winklevoss twins become outraged that Facebook has expanded to a number of universities there and they finally decide to sue Mark. Eduardo has also discovered the deal he signed with Parker's investors allows them to dilute his share of the company from a third to less than one tenth of one percent, while maintaining the ownership percentage of all other parties. He confronts his erstwhile friend Mark at his new Facebook office in downtown L.A. and announces his intention to sue him. Later that night, Parker, along with a number of Facebook interns, is arrested for possession of cocaine during a party thrown on the occasion of Facebook's 1 millionth member. It is strongly implied (but never fully explained) that Mark had anonymously tipped off the police to raid the frat house where the party was held and probably had someone plant drugs at the party to intentionally have Parker and his interns arrested to remove them from the Facebook company. In the final scene, a junior lawyer for the defense informs Mark they will be settling with Eduardo, since the sordid details of Facebook's founding and Mark's cynical personality will make a jury highly unsympathetic to him. The film ends with Mark sending a friend request to his former girlfriend Erica on Facebook, and refreshing the page every few seconds waiting for a response that never comes. Several final on-screen texts state that the Winklevoss twins agreed to a settlement of $65 million and signed a non-disclosure agreement. They later went on to row in the Beijing Olympics and arrive at sixth place. Eduardo received an unknown settlement and has his name placed back on the masthead as Facebook's Co-Founder. And that Facebook now has 500 million users in 207 countries and is valued at over $25 billion. Therefore making Mark Zuckerberg the youngest self-made billionaire in the world. 
 Bohemian Rhapsody (2018)651) The story of the legendary British rock band Queen and lead singer Freddie Mercury , leading up to their famous performance at Live Aid (1985) . Bohemian Rhapsody is a foot-stomping celebration of Queen, their music and their extraordinary lead singer Freddie Mercury. Freddie defied stereotypes and shattered convention to become one of the most beloved entertainers on the planet. The film traces the meteoric rise of the band through their iconic songs and revolutionary sound. They reach unparalleled success, but in an unexpected turn Freddie, surrounded by darker influences, shuns Queen in pursuit of his solo career. Having suffered greatly without the collaboration of Queen, Freddie manages to reunite with his bandmates just in time for Live Aid. While bravely facing a recent AIDS diagnosis, Freddie leads the band in one of the greatest performances in the history of rock music. Queen cements a legacy that continues to inspire outsiders, dreamers and music lovers to this day. Twentieth Century Fox Bohemian Rhapsody is a movie based on the true story of Queen's journey from the start of the rock band to their now-legendary 1985 performance at the Live Aid concert in Wembley Stadium. The story chronicles lead singer Freddie Mercury's tempestuous journey from an outcast immigrant struggling to find his place in a rejecting society to his becoming a beloved and world-famous artist. In 1970s London, the poor baggage handler at Heathrow Airport--the fiercely ambitious and talented Indian Parsi refugee, Farrokh Bulsara--sees a golden opportunity when the lead singer of the local band, Smile, decides to quit. With an incredible vocal range and a new name, the humble Zanzibar boy becomes Freddie Mercury --and along with the guitarist, Brian May ; the drummer, Roger Taylor , and the bassist, John Deacon --they form the extremely successful British rock band, Queen . However, against the backdrop of the towering fame, the irrevocable bad decisions, and the fateful AIDS diagnosis, the Queen will have to reunite just in the nick of time for an extraordinary twenty-minute appearance at London's Wembley Stadium, during the 1985 Live Aid (1985) concert. Nick Riganas Bohemian Rhapsody conjoins four major worlds concerning the rise of British rock band Queen during the nineteen seventies and eighties; we see a glimpse into their world of tours and the making of their 1975 album "A Night at the Opera", dealings within the music business and their respective loves and hates and highs and lows, the life of its charismatic leadman Freddie Mercury, his lovers' and challenge with the AIDS HIV virus and their performance at London's Wembley Stadium at the 1985 world televised broadcast Live Aid concert. Cinema_Fan Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with preparations being made for the historic Live Aid concert in 1985. As the stage is set, running to the front is the legendary rock star, Freddie Mercury (Rami Malek). In a flashback to 1970, Freddie is seen working as a baggage handler at London's Heathrow Airport. He lives with his parents Jer (Meneka Das) and Bomi (Ace Bhatti), and sister Kashmira (Priya Blackburn), and lives as Farrokh Bulsara, but he prefers to be called Freddie. Freddie attends a show at a club to see a band called 'Smile' perform. After the show, members Brian May (Gwilym Lee) and Roger Taylor (Ben Hardy) are told by their front man Tim Staffell (Jack Roth) tells them that he wants out of the band to pursue bigger opportunities. As he looks for the band, Freddie meets Mary Austin (Lucy Boynton) and compliments her scarf, which she says is from the store she works at. Freddie then approaches Brian and Roger after the show to compliment their performance and offer to be their new singer. They seem unconvinced at first, especially with Freddie's large teeth, but Freddie sings for a moment to show off what he can do. Freddie joins Brian and Roger, along with their new bassist John Deacon, or "Deaky" (Joseph Mazzello). Someone in the audience comments on Tim's absence and replacement with a "paki". After a bit of an awkward start, Freddie shows off his talent, despite singing some of the lyrics a bit incorrectly. A year later, the band is getting steady work performing gigs across England, and Freddie has been dating Mary. After their van breaks down, Freddie proposes that they sell it to record their first album, and they start to go by the band name 'Queen'. Mary and the guys have lunch at Freddie's home, joined by Mary's deaf father. Jer tells the guests how their family were originally from Zanzibar until they were chased out of there. Freddie then answers the phone and tells the guys that a music manager named John Reid (Aiden Gillen), who works with Elton John, has listened to their demo and wants to meet and manage Queen, to the excitement of the other guys. The band meets with Reid, who introduces them to Paul Prenter (Allen Leech), another manager. Reid gets the band to go on a popular BBC show to perform "Killer Queen", but they initially clash with the show's producers for wanting them to perform the way the network wants them to (mainly lip-syncing the song). 1975 At home, Freddie proposes to Mary, who accepts. The other guys come in to tell Freddie that Reid has booked the band a tour of America. The band embarks on their U.S. tour to ecstatic sold-out concerts. They also hire lawyer Jim Beach (Tom Hollander), or "Miami" as Freddie prefers. The band, plus Reid and Beach, meet with EMI's record producer Ray Foster (Mike Myers) to make their next album. Freddie proposes something similar to an experience of going to the opera, and so he wants to call it "A Night at the Opera." The band stays together as they work toward their next big hit. While trying to write new songs, Paul approaches Freddie and kisses him. Although he doesn't try to resist, Freddie tries to make it seem like he doesn't feel somewhat similarly toward Paul, who claims he knows Freddie as well as he knows himself. Despite some disagreements, the band comes to create "Bohemian Rhapsody". They play it for Foster, who thinks it's too long at six minutes and is comprised of nonsense words. He would rather use Roger's "I'm in Love With My Car" or "You're My Best Friend" to be the main single on the album over "Bohemian Rhapsody", since he thinks those songs would play better with a young demographic while no radio station will want to play a long song. Queen decide to turn their backs on Foster and EMI. Freddie takes "Bohemian Rhapsody" to DJ Kenny Everett (Dickie Beau) to play it for the very first time to the public. It receives mixed to outright scathing reviews, but it becomes one of the band's biggest hits that they play at venues all over the world. After the world tour, Freddie meets with Mary, whom he had been distancing himself from on the road. He comes out to Mary as bisexual, but she tells him she thinks he's gay. She starts to cry as she is tired of all of Freddie's excuses, and she breaks up with him. 1980 Freddie cuts his hair short and sports his now famous mustache. He owns his own home next to Mary, but he appears to be lonely. He calls Paul to arrange a party and invite a bunch of strangers. Freddie invites the band, but he starts to behave all crass and rudely toward them, prompting them to leave. After the party, Freddie gropes a waiter, Jim Hutton (Aaron McCusker). Although he offends Jim, Freddie apologizes and invites him to stay. The two chat and share a kiss before Jim leaves, but he invites Freddie to find him after he's found himself. Brian comes up with a new song that he thinks will encourage the audience to perform along with the band - "We Will Rock You". Sure enough, it becomes another smash hit. After one of Queen's performances, Paul approaches Reid and suggests that they try and get Freddie to go solo. Meanwhile, Freddie finds Mary with her new boyfriend David (Max Bennett). On the way home from the show, Reid offers the solo deal to Freddie, but it only enrages him to even think about leaving the band, and Freddie fires Reid. Freddie's behavior gets worse as he shows up to rehearsals late and almost fights with Roger. However, for all that rancor, the band remains productive: they settle their arguments as Deaky creates a catchy new bass line that inspires a new hit, "Another One Bites The Dust". The band goes to a press conference where reporters hound Freddie with questions about his sex life and orientation, due to ongoing rumors that he has been engaging in gay orgies. He appears too overwhelmed and dazed to properly answer questions when he is not being rude to the reporters. Queen then does a video for "I Want To Break Free", which gets banned by MTV for featuring the group in drag. Later, Freddie tries to get in touch with Jim, but finds that there are a large number of Jim Huttons in the phone book. Freddie later confesses to the others that he signed a $4 million solo contract with CBS Records, which deeply upsets the others. As Freddie leaves, Brian tells Freddie that he needs them more than he realizes. 1984 Freddie moves to Munich, West Germany to record his solo album, "Mr. Bad Guy". One night, he is visited by Mary, who says she is pregnant. She tries to convince Freddie to rejoin the band as they have been offered a spot to perform at the Live Aid benefit concert for Africa. Mary leaves, but Freddie confronts Paul about not telling him about Live Aid. He breaks up with Paul and demands that he never see him again. In retaliation, Paul goes on TV to discuss his sexual relations with Freddie. Freddie gets in touch with Beach and manages to get the others together to discuss joining Live Aid. He apologizes to the guys for his behavior and abandoning them. Beach tells them that the lineup is fully booked, but he talks to Bob Geldof and convinces him to let them perform, and they all agree under the condition that anything they come up with be credited to Queen as a whole and not to any individual one of them. The band starts to practice for the show, but Freddie falls ill. He sees a doctor and gets the diagnosis that he tested positive for AIDS. Freddie tells the band about it, but he doesn't want them to feel bad for him as long as they can continue to perform together as friends. They all then get together for a group hug. 1985 The day of Live Aid has arrived. Freddie finds Jim and invites him to come see the show. He visits his family and shows them love before heading to the performance. Bomi decides he will want to watch the show on TV with his family. While at the show, Mary and David arrive, and Jim joins them backstage to watch the show. It is now Queen's turn to perform. They start with "Bohemian Rhapsody", where Freddie blows a kiss to the camera for his family. The next song is "Radio Ga Ga", followed by "Hammer To Fall", and finally "We Are The Champions", where people watching everywhere sing along to. Numerous calls for pledges come in, bringing in over 1 million, and Queen's performance is so epic that it drives many viewers to tears. After the performance, the guys walk away like true champions. The final text states that Freddie Mercury died in 1991 from AIDS-related pneumonia at age 45. He was in a relationship with Jim Hutton for the rest of his life, and he remained good friends with Mary Austin until his death. Jim Beach and the surviving members of Queen joined to create the Mercury Phoenix Trust to help fight AIDS worldwide. 
 Jurassic Park (1993)761) A pragmatic paleontologist touring an almost complete theme park on an island in Central America is tasked with protecting a couple of kids after a power failure causes the park's cloned dinosaurs to run loose. Huge advancements in scientific technology have enabled a mogul to create an island full of living dinosaurs. John Hammond has invited four individuals, along with his two grandchildren, to join him at Jurassic Park. But will everything go according to plan? A park employee attempts to steal dinosaur embryos, critical security systems are shut down and it now becomes a race for survival with dinosaurs roaming freely over the island. Film_Fan On Isla Nublar, a new park has just been built with genetically engineered dinosaurs. Tragedy strikes when one of the workers is killed by a velociraptor. The founder of the park, John Hammond, (Sir Richard Attenborough) requests Paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant (Sam Neill) and his assistant, Dr. Ellie Sattler (Laura Dern) to come to the park and ensure that it is safe. Also joining them are Hammond's lawyer Donald Gennaro (Martin Ferrero) and chaotician Dr. Ian Malcolm (Jeff Goldblum). When they reach the island, they are amazed to discover that Hammond has created living dinosaurs. However, at the same time, they all have their doubts. Later, Hammond's grandchildren Lex and Tim (Ariana Richards and Joseph Mazzello) join the group in a tour of the park. Sattler leaves the tour to take care of an ill triceratops. Soon the power in the park is shut down by computer systems geek Dennis Nedry (Wayne Knight), who wishes to steal embryos from the park to sell to a secret buyer. In the process, many dinosaurs escape their paddocks, including the deadly Tyrannosaurus Rex, who, during a thunderstorm, escapes his paddock and attacks the children, and eats Gennaro. Malcolm is injured and Grant and the children are then lost in the park. Meanwhile, Hammond, Sattler, and the rest of the operations team learn that Nedry (who in the meantime has been killed) has locked up the computer system to cover his tracks. They attempt to get power back in the park in order to escape the island. After shutting down the system, then restoring it, the group realizes that velociraptors are also on the loose, and are now on the hunt for the visitors. ahmetkozan Paleontologists Alan Grant and Ellie Sattler and mathematician Ian Malcolm are among a select group chosen to tour an island theme park populated by dinosaurs created from prehistoric DNA. While the park's mastermind, billionaire John Hammond, assures everyone that the facility is safe, they find out otherwise when various ferocious predators break free and go on the hunt. Jwelch5742 In high hopes of putting the investors' minds at ease, John Hammond--the visionary billionaire entrepreneur, and founder of the bio-engineering company, InGen--calls in three experts to witness the wonders of the first-ever dinosaur preserve. There, in the isolated island of Isla Nublar, the visitors' wide-eyed excitement will soon turn into pure horror, when the palaeontologist, Dr Alan Grant, the palaeobotanist, Dr Ellie Sattler, and the cynical mathematician, Dr Ian Malcolm, come face-to-face with ferocious primaeval reptiles on the loose, after a devastating malfunction. Now, the ultimate apex-predator, the Tyrannosaurus Rex, is on the hunt for fresh meat. Can they escape from the terrors of Jurassic Park? Nick Riganas On a remote island, a wealthy entrepreneur secretly creates a theme park featuring living dinosaurs drawn from prehistoric DNA. Before opening the attraction to the public, he invites a top paleontologist, a paleobotanist, a mathematician/theorist, and his two eager grandchildren to experience the park, and help calm anxious investors. However, their park visit is anything but tranquil as the park's security system breaks down, the prehistoric creatures break out, and the excitement builds to surprising results. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins on Isla Nublar, a small island 120 miles off the coast of Costa Rica. A large group of construction workers and animal handlers offload a large container, the creature within unseen. During the process, the animal attempts to escape, an act which leads to a mass panic, and the death of one of the workers. The story jumps forward to an Amber mine in the Dominican Republic, where we learn that miners extracting amber are involved with a genetic-engineering company called InGen. We also learn that the death of the worker seen earlier has raised serious concerns about the safety of the island, according to Donald Gennaro, an InGen representative, and that the owner of the island is now seeking top scientific experts in the field to help endorse the park. While he speaks to the man in charge of the mine, Juanito, his crew finds a large chunk of amber with a preserved mosquito inside. At a paleontological excavation in Montana we are introduced to Dr. Alan Grant, and his assistant Ellie Sattler, as they slowly uncover the fossilized remains of a Velociraptor, perhaps nature's most lethal and cunning predator to date, a beautiful specimen evolved to kill. Part of Grant's research experiments with a new radiological device that shoots a probe into the dirt which bounces an image of an uncovered raptor skeleton back to a computer screen. Grant is hesitant about the new technology but seems fascinated with the image it produces without having to dig. He is also a follower of a long-held theory among paleontologists that dinosaurs evolved more from birds than reptiles. One of his assistants has brought along his son, who scoffs at the image on the screen, unimpressed with the fact that it looks like a dead turkey. Grant tells the kid a story about how velociraptors would hunt their prey with fast coordinated attacks. The boy is horrified when Grant explains that after their prey is brought down, velociraptors would often eat their prey alive. The dig is cut short by the sudden appearance of Grant and Sattler's main sponsor, the elderly and eccentric billionaire, John Hammond. He invites them over to endorse his latest project, a remote island resort, where he claims that their "unique biological attractions" are "guaranteed to drive children out their minds!" Alan and Ellie are reluctant to leave their dig but Hammond entices them by offering to fund their work for three more years. Grant and Sattler are accompanied by two other characters -- the equally eccentric chaos theorist Dr. Ian Malcolm, and the lawyer, Donald Gennaro, who represents Hammond's investors. As they arrive by helicopter, they are treated to a unique spectacle of living, breathing dinosaurs. Just the sight of these mighty beasts, a towering Brachiosaurus accompanied by a herd of Parasaurolophus, is enough to leave the stunned visitors breathless, save for Gennaro's offhand comment: "we're gonna make a fortune off this place...". Later, as they arrive at the island's central resort and control facility, the visitors are given a brief tour of the process that created the animals. InGen has succeeded in cloning animals from simple strands of DNA salvaged from mosquitoes that fed on dinosaur blood, and were preserved for millions of years inside fossilized amber. The group is shown the egg-incubation room, just in time to witness the birth of a baby Velociraptor, a sight that deeply disturbs Grant. He asks to see where the adults are housed. The special containment facility seen in the introduction, a fortress of electrified fences and dense foliage, all that separates the humans from the most dangerous creature on the island. Grant is witness to the daily feeding of the animals: a cow is lowered into the pit, only to be stripped clean within moments. The visitors (and the audience) is spared the gruesome sight of the carnage by a thick covering of jungle foliage... The group prepares to experience the theme park's central attraction, in which visitors embark on a safari-like tour of the park, on special electrified Ford Explorers. Grant, Sattler, Malcolm and Gennaro are accompanied by Hammond's two grand children: Lex and her little brother Tim. As the group heads off, Hammond settles into the main control room where his two computer experts, Arnold and Nedry, manage the complex infrastructure of the park. The tour is largely un-eventful: the Tyrannosaurus Rex and Dilophosaurus -two extremely dangerous carnivores- refuse to reveal themselves to the eager tourists. A sick triceratops is also encountered, tended to by the park veterinarians, whom Sattler leaves the group to help out with. An approaching tropical storm forces the tour to be cut short, as most of the staff leave by ship for the mainland. In the meantime, we learn the true colors of Nedry - he has been hired to steal dinosaur embryos for InGen's rival corporation, BioSyn. In order to steal the embryos, he shuts down security systems throughout the park, but this also causes the tour's electric cars to break down, and the electrified fences shut down, thus releasing the dinosaurs from containment. In the film's most thrilling sequence, a T-Rex escapes its enclosure and proceeds to wreck the tour vehicles. Gennaro is eaten, Malcolm is critically injured, but Grant manages to escape with the terrified children. In the meantime, a lost and confused Nedry, trying to hand over the stolen embryos to his contact, encounters a venom-spitting Dilophosaurus, and justice is dealt. Sattler and the Park Warden Muldoon arrive in a jeep at the site of the T-Rex attack to find the injured Malcolm and the remains of Gennarro, but everyone else has disappeared. The T-Rex returns to give chase to the jeep down the road in an exciting car chase of an action sequence, but the humans eventually manage to escape. Grant and the kids spend the night sheltering up a tree, and wake up to find a Brachiosaurus grazing nearby. Lex is initially frightened, but Grant reassures her (and the audience) that Brachiosaurs are peaceful herbivores, and that dinosaurs aren't monsters, they're just animals. Once more, we are given the opportunity to appreciate the beauty and majesty of these magnificent creatures. With Malcolm injured and park systems still offline, Arnold is forced to take drastic action and reset the system-an act that has the unintended consequences of freeing the vicious velociraptors from their enclosure. Arnold, Muldoon and Sattler attempt to restore power, only to have Arnold and Muldoon outsmarted and killed by the cunning creatures. Only Sattler manages to narrowly avoid getting killed. After witnessing a stampede of ostrich-like dinosaurs known as Gallimimus, Grant and the kids make it back to the main resort complex, only to find it abandoned. Grant leaves the kids in the main dining area, and tries to search for other survivors. In the meantime, Lex and Tim are cornered by a pair of raptors inside the main kitchen. In one of the most terrifying scenes in the entire film, the raptors stalk through the dark kitchen, searching for the kids. Eventually, Lex and Tim manage to lure one of the raptors into the freezer and lock it in, but the other raptor chases them out of the kitchen. Meeting up in the control room, Grant, Sattler, and the kids attempt to restore power and communications to the park, but are trapped in by the same raptor. In the nick of time, the security systems and phone lines are brought back online. Nevertheless, the raptors manage to break into the control room and gives chase to our heroes throughout the entire building. Eventually, our heroes are cornered by the last two raptors inside the main atrium. Just as all hope is lost, the T-Rex come crashing in and attacks the raptors, buying enough time for the small group of humans to escape. As the humans evacuate the island by helicopter, the T-Rex gives a final victory roar behind a falling banner proclaiming: "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth". The ending scene is quite powerful and epic, and perfectly captures the spirit of the film in portraying dinosaurs as some of the most magnificent creatures to ever walk the Earth... 
 Matters of Life and Death (2007)Summaries Three siblings struggle to maintain control of their lives after the unexpected death of their parents thrusts them into an uncertain world of adulthood. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 