nm0003862:

 Occupant (2011)Summaries Danny Hill's grandmother just died giving him the opportunity to live in her rent controlled apartment in Manhattan. But as Danny quickly discovers, he may not be the only occupant. 25 year old Danny Hill's grandmother just died giving Danny the chance to move into her enormous rent controlled apartment in Manhattan. Danny must lock himself in for twelve days before he can take over the lease. There's just one problem -- he may not be the only occupant. anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Norm (19992001)Summaries Norm Henderson is an ex-hockey player who was banned from hockey for life for gambling and tax evasion. Now he must do five years of community service as a social worker, or go to prison. His co-workers are a collection of burn-outs, and basically inept losers, with one exception, Laurie, who ends up spending a lot of time trying to bail out Norm. Mike Konczewski It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kinsey (2004)541) A look at the life of Alfred Kinsey, a pioneer in the area of human sexuality research, whose 1948 publication "Sexual Behavior in the Human Male" was one of the first recorded works that saw science address sexual behavior. Called "Prok" as an adult (short for Professor Kinsey), Alfred Kinsey , Jr. (Liam Neeson) has been interested in biology since he was a child growing up in the early twentieth century, despite the criticisms of such being evil nonsense from his overbearing and devoutly Christian father, Professor Alfred Seguine Kinsey (John Lithgow). Prok goes on to become a biology professor at Indiana University, initially focusing on the study of gall wasps. But those studies, in combination with questions from his students, coming to terms with the needs of sex with his own wife, a former student of his named Clara McMillen (Laura Linney) (whom he calls Mac), and what he sees as the gross misinformation on the subject currently within popular belief makes him change his focus to human sexuality. Many of those gross untruths - as he sees them - are that oral sex and masturbation cause a slew of maladies, which are perpetuated by what is presented in the university's hygiene class taught by Professor Thurman Rice (Tim Curry). With the approval of faculty head Herman Wells (Oliver Platt), Prok starts teaching his own wildly popular marriage course, talking about sex in a straightforwardly academic fashion. When he sees that morals don't necessarily mirror sexual behavior, he decides to conduct a massive sex survey with the assistance of students Wardell Pomeroy (Chris O'Donnell), Clyde Martin (Peter Sarsgaard), and Paul Gebhard (Timothy Hutton). He faces the issue of the funding required for the survey and public and political response to this controversial, and oft seen as taboo, subject. But in conducting the survey, he and Mac also face the issue of their own sexuality in relationship to their marriage, and the emotional and cultural aspects behind it, such as the notion of love. Huggo Life story of Alfred Kinsey, Jr. (Liam Neeson), a man driven to uncover the most private secrets of the nation, and a journey into the mystery of human behavior. In 1948, Kinsey irrevocably changed American culture and created a media sensation with his book "Sexual Behavior in the Human Male". Using the technique of his own famous sex interviews, this story recounts the scientist's extraordinary journey from obscurity to global fame. Rebelling against the rigid piety of his home life, and drawn to the world of the senses, Kinsey becomes a Harvard-educated zoologist specializing in the study of gall wasps. After being hired to teach biology at Indiana University, Kinsey meets and marries witty, freethinking female student, Clara McMillen (Laura Linney). In the course of teaching, he discovers an astonishing lack of scientific data on sexual behavior. When students seek him out for advice about sexual concerns and problems, he realizes that no one has done the clinical research that would yield reliable answers to their questions. Inspired to explore the emotionally charged subject of sex from a strictly scientific point of view, Kinsey recruits a team of researchers, including Clyde Martin (Peter Sarsgaard), Wardell Pomeroy (Chris O'Donnell), and Paul Gebhard (Timothy Hutton). Over time, they refine an interviewing technique, which helps people to break through shame, fear, and guilt and speak freely about their sexual histories. When Kinsey publishes his male study in 1948, the press compares the impact to that of the atomic bomb. But as the country enters the more paranoid Cold War era of the 1950s, Kinsey's follow-up study on women is seen as an attack on basic American values. The ensuing outrage and scorn causes Kinsey's benefactors to abandon him, just as his health begins to deteriorate. At the same time, the jealousies and acrimony caused by Kinsey's attempt to create a private sexual utopia threaten to tear apart the research team and expose them to unwelcome scrutiny. Sujit R. Varma Alfred Kinsey, Jr. (Liam Neeson) is a biologist and a sex researcher. He releases reports about sexual behavior of American people in 1948 and 1953. He interviews eighteen thousand people to take sex histories. It is sensational and controversial, because it is taboo to talk about sex. And people have little knowledge of it. No knowledge makes them worry and feel guilty. Actually, he and his wife lose their virginity after their marriage, but it is unsuccessful. From the bad experience, and as he consults with his students to give them advice about sexual problems, he gets interested in revealing people's sexual behavior. He devotes his life to sex research. His academic curiosity is amazing. He supports "diversity" and "individualism". He claims there are common and rare sexual behaviors, but we shouldn't categorize it into the two groups, normal and abnormal. He influences a lot of people. Especially, he encourages and saves homosexual people. In short, Kinsey is an influential figure who is fascinated with sex research and contributes to society. goro_ta0 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A professor of zoology (insect biology), Alfred Kinsey (Liam Neeson), understands bugs but not himself. Finally marrying, he and his wife Clara McMillen (Laura Linney) discover that sexuality is more than watching bugs "do it". He find himself stumped when asked by newly-wed students about an aspect of human sexual behavior. His scientific credibility is then brought to the study of sexuality, initially by analyzing a questionnaire given to his students. His wife suggests that the students might lie on a questionnaire, but be truthful if interviewed in person. Kinsey sets out to interview his students then later many thousands of people across America using a team of researchers from Indiana University, under a grant from the Rockefeller Foundation. The 1940/50s McCarthyism creates fear, uncertainty and doubt in many regarding the study, including the Foundation and the University. Nevertheless, the resulting books on male sexuality (1948) and later female sexuality (1953), revolutionize how sex is perceived; and, the work laid the ground for the "sexual revolution" of the 1960s. During this, Kinsey and his team discover the wide range of 'acceptable' sexual behavior, and their own sexual freedom - sometimes to their dismay. 
 Kissing Jessica Stein (2001)431) A woman searching for the perfect man instead discovers the perfect woman. Jessica Stein is a single, straight, successful, journalist, part of a bonded Jewish family living in New York City, who finds herself not as straight as she thought when Jessica meets and begins an intense friendship with career woman Helen Cooper which ultimately leads to romance. Anonymous Jessica Stein is a hard-to-please journalist/artist who is constantly plagued by people trying to find the right "one" for her. When her ex-fiance tells her she's too picky, she answers Helen Cooper's personal ad looking to make a friend, but gets more than she expects. Jessica doesn't think there's just one person out there for everyone, because plenty of people are kissing Jessica Stein. theworryrock Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Jessica Stein (Jennifer Westfeldt) is a 28-year-old sensitive, but neurotic, New York journalist who is at the end of her emotional rope. Her brother Dan (David Aaron Baker), is engaged. Her best friend and co-worker Joan (Jackie Hoffman) is pregnant. On top of that, Jessica hasn't dated in a year, and she can't sleep. After an optimistic but nightmarish dating spree, which Jessica was inspired to set up by her overbearing and meddlesome mother Judy (Tovah Feldshuh), Jessica decides she needs a change in her life. Helen Cooper (Heather Juergensen) is a 30-something, fairly successful art gallery manager who is fed up with having quicky sex with various men, including her delivery guy, in various times and places. Confused about her sexual orientation, as if she thinks she may be a lesbian in denial, Helen puts a personal ad in a local newspaper asking for a date with someone. The following day, Jessica happens to read the intriguing personal ad, whose only drawback is that it's in the women seeking women section. On a daring whim, Jessica decides to answer it. She meets the hipster Helen at a local bar for drinks and, to her surprise, they click instantly. After going for an evening of banter, connection and heated debate about Jessica's personal life and her desire for happiness, the discussion culminates in a kiss that Helen gives which confounds and intrigues the reluctant Jessica. Over the next few weeks, the two women proceed to muddle through an earnest, but hilarious courtship, making up the rules as they go along with private make-out sessions to casual dates to the local cinema. Jessica doesn't really know how to think through this new situation. Meanwhile, everyone at Jessica's office notices that she is walking on cloud nine and is very happy. Josh Myers (Scott Cohen), her boss (whom she dated for a while in college) also notices and starts to feel strange that he's not a part of this new, happier Jessica. On another dinner date, Jessica and Helen go out, they nearly get picked up by two sleazy guys at a local bar, and then proceed to return to Helen's apartment for another make-out session, which gets interupted by one of Helen's boyfriends. Helen asks him to leave, but after he does so, Helen comes down with a mild cold which puts off her and Jessica's further make-out session. One weekend, Jessica is invited to her mother's country house on Long Island and she takes Helen with her to help her face off against her mother, and thus cancels hers and Helen's plans to go to a hotel. After having dinner, Jessica then proceeds to consummate her romance with Helen that very night in her bedroom. Some months later. A happy and improved Jessica flaunts her happiness in and out of the office, as her romance with Helen kicks into full swing. But Helen becomes more frustrated that Jessica wants to keep their romance a secret at any cost. One day, a very pregnant Jackie runs into Jessica and Helen while food shopping, and after catching Jessica in a lie about her and Helen, Jackie becomes privy to Jessica's romance with Helen. But the tension between Jessica and Helen over their closeted romance explodes one day, when Jessica is with her mother at a bridal store, trying out a dress for her brother's wedding. Helen passes by, sees Jessica in the dress and asks her what it's for. Her mother is surprised that Helen didn't know about the wedding and is even more surprised when Helen said she didn't get the invitation. Helen runs out of the store, Jessica follows and the two have an argument about it outside. Jessica refuses to bring Helen to the wedding with her as her date, and Helen gets upset and tells Jessica that its over between them. At dinner that night at Jessica's parents' house, Jessica starts getting very upset and leaves the dinner table. Her mother, Judy, follows her out and sees that Jessica is crying. Neither says very much... until Judy says, "I think she's a very nice girl". " That very night, Jessica rushes to Helen's apartment and invites her to the wedding. Helen agrees and goes. At the wedding, all of the grandmothers in attendance are asking Jessica and Helen about their relationship and are completely supportive... and even nosy. Jessica and Helen look happy. Josh is late to the wedding, so is still completely in the dark about the relationship. That night, Josh tells Jessica that he is still in love with her. She comes out to him and he's completely shocked. A few months later Jessica and Helen have moved in with each other, but their romance slowly slides into more of a platonic friendship. Apparently, that is not enough for Helen so she moves out. Jessica is crushed but gets over it. Another few months later, a new and improved Jessica has settled in a new apartment, and has quit her journalist copy writing job. One day, Jessica runs into Josh, who has also quit his job, in a book store and the two promise to meet up. The last scene of the movie is of Jessica meeting Helen for drinks where Jessica begins to talk about meeting Josh and agrees to go on a date with him. 