nm0010238:

 BorderCross (2017)Summaries Ex-boxer Danny"Boy" Jackson only left the room for a second, and came back to find his son gone. He quickly finds that human traffickers have taken him to be sold in the Middle East. With only hours left, and the clock ticking, Danny "Boy" Jackson comes out of retirement. Chuck Walker It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Locked (I) (2006)Summaries When Anna returns to her childhood country home in Locke following her father's death, she finds herself unable to let go of the abuse her father inflicted on her as a child. Left even more vulnerable after being kicked out by her boyfriend, George, the triggers of Anna's childhood issues intensify when she is sexually accosted by her sister's fianc during what is supposed to be a weekend celebration. Anna and her sister, Mia, have never seen eye to eye on their past. But Anna decides to make the best of it when Mia and Mia's fianc, Eric, arrive at the country home to celebrate their engagement, along with Mia's best friend, Kate, and Kate's husband, Rhys. Despite Anna's best efforts, the celebration takes a backseat to a weekend of drama in dealing with unresolved childhood and romantic relationship issues. Between Eric's unwanted sexual advances, George's uninvited arrival, and Mia's continual denial and superiority, Anna is left feeling desperate and pressured into telling the truth about her secrets. The weekend in Locke becomes a key to unlock the past, as we learn that everyone at the country home is struggling to find the balance between their past and present. Nancy Whitehurst It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 American Rampage (1989)Summaries A female Los Angeles cop relentlessly tries to bring down a powerful drug cartel kingpin, and losing police partner after partner in the process amid the frequent shootouts and her social life, or lack of. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Went to Coney Island on a Mission from God... Be Back by Five (1998)Summaries Two young men (Jon Cryer, Rick Stear) who have been friends since early childhood decide to go on a trip to find a third friend (Rafael Baez) who has long since disappeared. Stories they have heard indicate that the friend has been seen in an apparently rambling, incoherent state at Coney Island. Their trip leads them to a number of adventures involving the otherworld-like life at the Park and revelations related to their own pasts including the death of one's sister, a failed past relationship, financial failings, and alcoholism. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 