nm0005405:

 American Pie 2 (2001)431) Jim and his friends are now in college, and they decide to meet up at the beach house for some fun. The whole gang are back and as close as ever. They decide to get even closer by spending the summer together at a beach house. They decide to hold the biggest party ever to be seen, even if the preparation doesn't always go to plan. Especially when Stifler, Finch and Jim become more close to each other than they ever want to be and when Jim mistakes super glue for lubricant. FilmFanUK After their first year at college, the guys reunite for another summer of fun. Jim continues his quest for sexual independence by seeking the help of his old prom date, Michele, after an unexpected call from Nadia who plans to visit Jim. Meanwhile, Kev and Vicky find themselves in an awkward situation after having broken up for a year. Oz must deal with a long distance relationship when Heather heads off to France to study abroad. Old feuds die hard as the ever-so-horny Stifler harbors his hatred toward Finch, who is practicing the Hindu practice of Tantra. MonkeyKingMA Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After their first year at different colleges, the guys reunite once again and plan their summer. Looking for a good idea, Kevin (Thomas Ian Nicholas) turns to his brother (Casey Afleck) for advices. His brother suggest spending summer in a beach house and throw a bunch of parties with the last one being the biggest. All 4 friends agree but soon realise that they're gonna need an extra man to invest too. Stifler (Sean William Scott), the oversexed college clown gets invited along by Kevin. After arriving in Grand Harbor they manage to find work painting a house (based on the Tuition Painters franchise) in the area together. Because the owners of the house are two hot women, Stifler assumes they're lesbians. When the women leave the house, Stifler goes in to try and find proofs. Unfortunately, the women return quickly and find the guys hidden in the house. Instead of calling the cops, they decide to make fun of the guys. Jim (Jason Biggs), Stifler and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) end up performing "like for like" sexual acts on each other in return for being able to watch the girls doing the same thing. Meanwhile, Oz (Chris Klein) and Kevin take turns watching up a ladder and listening on the walkie-talkie also in the room. The conversation is accidentally picked up and heard by many other people in the neighborhood. The whole thing ends when the girls offer to have sex in front of them if the guys will go down on each other. Stifler accepts but Jim and Finch just run away. After this, many concurrent stories run at the same time, some interacting with each other, other staying mainly separate. Jim learns that Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), his high school crush from the first American Pie film, is coming to visit him in August. Nervous and insecure about his sex skills, and wanting to impress Nadia and make sure she forgets about his poor performance in the first movie, Jim seeks out Michelle (Alyson Hannigan), the band geek, to ask for a review on his performance with her. He finds her at band camp and makes a fool out of himself in front of the audience when he pretends to be Petey, a mentally challenged boy who plays the trombone. Michelle reveals that Jim wasn't really good but also offers to teach him how to get better. At night, Jim tries to watch a porno but ends up mistaking a tube of lube with a tube of super glue, gluing his hand to his penis. After going to the hospital, Jim learns he shouldn't use his penis for a few weeks. Not long after, Nadia shows up a few weeks in advance and obviously looking to get naughty with Jim. Jim doesn't want to reveal what happened and search for an excuse to keep Nadia away for a while so he can heal. He turns to Michelle. They pretend to be in a relationship so that Nadia will not expect Jim to have sex with her. Meanwhile, Michelle teaches Jim a few tricks to be a good lover. When Jim realises he's ready for sex again, he and Michelle breaks up in front of Nadia in an over-the-top fashion. As soon as Michelle closes the door of the house, it is revealed that she had developped real feelings for Jim. Soon after, Jim realises that he has fallen for Michelle too. Even Nadia realizes this and tells him, "Go, get your band geek, and I will find mine". Jim goes and plays the trombone once more whilst Michelle is playing the flute at a major recital in order to show her that she is the one he wants to be with. He returns to the big party with Michelle as his official girlfriend. Oz is lonely, being away from his girlfriend Heather (Mena Suvari) who is studying in Spain. To work out their mutual sexual frustrations from being away from each other, they proceed to start having phone sex. Unfortunately, they are interrupted by Heather's roomates the first time. And by Stifler very undiscreetly listening to the conversation the second time. They both resign themselves to wait for Heather's return. Unable to wait any longer, Heather grabs an earlier flight and surpises Oz at the party. Finch has become involved in the sexual art of Tantra, and claims that through Tantra he can "make an orgasm last for days". He is waiting for Stifler's Mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whom he had sex with in the first film, hoping she will show up and be willing to do it again. When Stifler is talking on the phone and seems to invite someone to their house, Finch assumes it's Stifler's mom, but it turns out to be his little brother Matt (Eli Marienthal), the star of later films. Finch is frustrated, but accept his fate. He spends the big party surrounded by girls and chatting with them. Even though he doesn't get any action, he seems happy. Matt, Stifler's brother, is having a lousy night at his brother's party when Stifler gives him a walkie-talkie and throws him outside to look out for cops. Being bored, he starts playing with the talkie, not knowing that one of the talkies is still at the ''lesbians" house. The girls starts answering Matt. The conversation is not revealed, but Matt shows up at the party with both girls at his arms. Stifler makes fun of him for getting lesbians untill one them says: "Who said we're lesbians?". Stifler understands they're not lesbians and begs to have sex with them. The girls agree. Stifler allows his brother back in the party and leaves with both women. Meanwhile, Kevin spends most of his time trying to understand the new terms of his relationship with his ex-girlfriend, Vicky (Tara Reid), as just friends. He doesn't end up "getting off" with anyone, but he does seem to succeed in getting over her. The geeky Sherman (Chris Owen) gives up on getting anyone after he is turned down by the experienced and savvy Jessica (Natasha Lyonne). In his depressed state, he starts a conversation with Nadia who has just let Jim go. While talking, she finds herself turned on by his "Sherminator" gimmick, and they run together to have sex somewhere. The morning after the big party, the guys are packing the car to return home when a car stops by. Driving the car is Stifler's mom. Finch exchange a few words with her and jumps in the car. They drive off together, unbeknownst to Stifler who just sees the car driving away. When Stifler realises that Finch is missing he finally understands what just happened. 
 American Pie (1999)431) Four teenage boys enter a pact to lose their virginity by prom night. Jim, Oz, Finch and Kevin are four friends who make a pact that before they graduate they will all lose their virginity. The hard job now is how to reach that goal by prom night. Whilst Oz begins singing to grab attention and Kevin tries to persuade his girlfriend, Finch tries any easy route of spreading rumors and Jim fails miserably. Whether it is being caught on top of a pie or on the Internet, Jim always ends up with his trusty sex advice from his father. Will they achieve their goal of getting laid by prom night? Or will they learn something much different? Film_Fan At a high-school party, four friends (Jim, Kevin, Finch, and Oz) find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to try to be the first to "score." And of course, the senior prom is their last best chance. As the fateful date draws near, the boys wonder who among them will get lucky. More importantly, do they really want to do it at all? Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. American Pie, set in the year 1999, focuses on a group of four close friends in their senior year at the fictional East Great Falls High School in west Michigan; Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Chris "Oz" Ostreicher (Chris Klein), Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who is better known by his surname. Kevin is confident and charming and is dating his long-term girlfriend, Vicky Lathum (Tara Reid); Oz is a laid-back member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim is socially awkward and sexually nave and suffers pressure and questionable advice from his father (Eugene Levy); while Finch is a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate who plays golf and wears sports jackets. The four have very differing personalities, but share a common characteristic; they are all virgins, in sharp contrast to popular lacrosse player and arrogant jock Steve Stifler (Seann William Scott), whose wild, extravagant house parties they are regularly invited to. While at one of Stifler's such parties, the four each attempt to score with various girls at the party with very limited success. Oz is humiliated by an older girl, Finch is too late for the party and Jim attempts to talk to Czechoslovakian exchange student Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), but fails completely. Kevin receives fellatio from Vicky, but she overhears him complaining about it to Jim and promptly dumps him. The next morning, the four wake up hungover and depressed, to find ultra-nerd Chuck "Sherminator" Sherman (Chris Owen) seeing off a pretty girl, and are left shocked and frustrated when The Sherminator claims that he lost his virginity to her the same night. Kevin decides to take a stand and defiantly declares that the four will make a pact, to lose their virginity before the school prom and graduation. Later, while eating breakfast in a restaurant, they toast each other to 'the next step' and formulate individual plans to achieve sexual success. Kevin immediately sets out to win Vicky back, but has to work very hard to even get a chance with her, and begins to seek advice from others. Vicky's best friend Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) reveals to Kevin that, despite his thinking otherwise, Vicky has never felt an orgasm from Kevin, and that he has to work on that above everything else. His older brother Tom (Casey Affleck) then passes onto Kevin the secret of 'The Bible' - a manual of love and sex compiled by various East Great Falls students over several decades. Both Jessica and Tom divulge their advice only after Kevin stresses he wants to make Vicky happy, rather than simply taking advantage of her for his pact. Kevin finally seizes a chance to make things up with Vicky, and performs oral sex on her in her bedroom using his new techniques. Vicky experiences an intense orgasm and is driven wild by Kevin, winning him the promise of sex at the prom after-party in the process. Meanwhile, Oz joins the school's jazz choir in an effort to lose his stereotyped reputation as a muscleheaded lacrosse jock and find a loving girlfriend there. He is mocked relentlessly at first by his friends and the other choir members, but soon wins the attention of Heather (Mena Suvari), one of the choir singers who also suffers being stereotyped as a priss. She swiftly asks him out to the prom with her, but changes her mind upon seeing Stifler and his friends mocking her, and assuming Oz was doing the same. A desperate Oz volunteers to become lead vocalist alongside Heather to try and regain her trust. He succeeds when she catches him tirelessly rehearsing alone in the theatre, and pays him a visit after-hours at the sandwich bar he works at to reconcile. Their relationship is dealt another blow when Oz realizes his last ever lacrosse game for East Great Falls clashes with the choir competition, but a frustrated Oz decides to abandon the game halfway-through and rushes over to the music hall, where he makes it just in time. He performs the long-awaited duet with Heather to rapturous applause from the audience, including Kevin and Jim themselves. After Oz describes third base to Jim as "like warm apple pie", a curious Jim temporarily loses his sanity and has full missionary sex with a freshly-baked apple pie left on the table by his mother (giving the film its eponymous title). His father walks in on the act and is left stunned and disappointed by his son's actions. Now almost without hope, Jim has a stroke of luck when Nadia, seemingly at random, asks him if she can come round to his house and study with him. After dropping the crucial detail that she'll be coming straight from ballet practice and will need to change, Stifler persuades Jim to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch Nadia stripping together over the internet. Upon Nadia's arrival, Jim sets up the webcam and dashes across the street to join Kevin and Finch at Kevin's house. Against expectation, an almost-naked Nadia discovers Jim's pornography collection and begins to passionately masturbate on his bed, causing a riotous reaction from Stifler, Kevin and Finch on the other end, as well as Stifler's young brother Matt (Eli Marienthal). Kevin and Finch force Jim to go back and seduce her while the moment lasts, which ends with Nadia forcing Jim to strip and dance for her while she reads his pornography. By now, various groups of East Great Falls seniors, including members of Blink 182, are watching the live action in excited anticipation, as Sherman reveals that Jim accidentally addressed the webcam link to everybody in the entire school directory. Nadia then seduces Jim and sits him down next to her on the bed, but unfortunately, he prematurely ejaculates, disappointing Nadia and completely grossing out his live web audience. A desperate Jim pleads for Nadia not to go and wins her around, but when Nadia takes her panties off, he involuntarily ejaculates again upon touching her clitoris. Nadia swiftly exits, leaving Jim a nervous wreck. The next day, Jim has become the laughing stock of the entire high school and is left despondent and depressed, especially upon hearing that Nadia has been immediately sent back home to Czechoslovakia by her sponsors after the incident. However, he senses luck when unpopular band geek Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) randomly begins to talk to him. Upon revealing she knows nothing about the webcam incident, he seizes the opportunity to ask her out to the prom with him, which she gleefully accepts. Finch at first appears to have no plan, but Kevin's suspicions arise when corroborative rumours begin flying around the school that Finch has legendary sexual prowess, has had relations with older women, and that he even knocked out Stifler in a fight. Kevin investigates and discovers that Finch paid Jessica $200 to spread the rumours under the pretense of truth. Finch quickly becomes the most talked-about and most awe-inspiring senior in the whole school, with hordes of girls desperate to go to the prom with him. However, Stifler, angry about the rumours against him, spikes Finch's mochaccino with laxatives, and promptly dupes him into using the girls' restroom, where Finch suffers explosive diarrhea in the presence of several senior girls. Afterwards, he emerges to a torrent of mockery, laughter and abuse from a hysterical crowd of seniors, with Stifler at the helm, and is left humiliated, broken and completely dateless. The prom night finally comes around. Finch is the only one of the four who attends alone, but Jessica, also alone and feeling guilty for taking his money, offers to dance with him, even giving him a brand new hip flask as a gift for his troubles. The prom itself is cheap, tacky and uneventful and derided by most of the students, but a cocky, bragging Kevin sees it as a good time to query his friends for a "status check" on their pact. Oz and Finch are disinterested, and a burnt-out Jim lets loose and rages at Kevin for causing all the pressure, insisting that sex isn't at all as important as they previously made out. The outburst shatters Kevin's bravado and makes him wonder whether things will truly go as planned between him and Vicky. However, their spirits are all collectively lifted, when Chuck Sherman's partner at the prom gets up onto the stage and announces in front of everybody that Chuck is a liar and is actually still a virgin. Chuck wets himself in embarrassment, and the four boys excitedly catch the bus to Stifler's huge post-prom party at his mansion on Lake Michigan. As the party begins to gain traction, the four boys all individually fulfill their pact with almost no conscious effort. Kevin and Vicky go to an upstairs bedroom where they finally have sex for the first time, but their desires for perfection and timing cause the interaction to become rigid and awkward throughout. While walking along the lakeside, an emotional Oz confesses the pact to Heather, who becomes wary, but he renounces the pact and declares that he's already won just by being with her at the prom. They passionately embrace each other at the dockside, naturally and fluidly moving into their first sexual experience. Meanwhile, Jim is snoozing through Michelle's immature band camp stories, but chokes on his drink when she reveals she knows more about orgasms than she's letting on. Michelle leads him upstairs, where she reveals she actually knew all along about the webcam incident, only accepting Jim's date because he was a "sure thing". Jim finally gets to have disaster-free sex, but Michelle is dominant and violently aggressive, shouting abuse at Jim, roughing him up and smashing things up with her hands and feet out of sheer passion. Finally, a bored Finch wanders around restricted areas of the house and bumps into Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whose aura and natural beauty takes him aback. After some sophisticated, upper-class conversation and flirting, she becomes aroused by Finch's precociousness, and they proceed to make love on the snooker table as the party goes on through the night. Dawn breaks early the next morning over Stifler's mansion, which is littered with sleeping seniors. Oz watches the sun rise with a smile as Heather snuggles into his lap at the lakeside, the couple looking extremely content. Kevin and Vicky are also awake, but both are contemplative and neither seem happy. Vicky amicably breaks up with Kevin, citing their separation due to their choice of university and the physical distance it causes, a topic she discussed earlier with Jessica. Kevin is left saddened, but accepts Vicky's reasoning. Meanwhile, Jim wakes up and goes to cuddle Michelle in bed, only to find himself hugging an inflatable toy shark with no Michelle in sight. He quickly realizes Michelle used and abused him for a sordid one night stand, but is left brimming with happiness at how cool the prospect of being used is. Finally, Finch is asleep with Stifler's mom when a hungover Stifler enters the room; he is so shocked at the sight that he collapses and passes out. Later on, Kevin, Oz, Jim and Finch all go to their favorite hang-out restaurant, the fittingly-named "Dog Years", for breakfast. Far from celebrating their pact with stories, they all remain very conservative and hushed about their experiences the night before, with Oz gleefully refusing to even confirm whether he had sex or not. Regardless, the four lads are now collectively happier than they ever were before, and once again toast each other to 'the next step' as they prepare to leave high school and move away to university. The film ends with Jim setting up his webcam in his room once again, and stripping and dancing to country music. Nadia is on the other end, back in her home country, smiling and laughing at Jim. His father walks in on the act, but sees the funny side. He walks out and starts dancing down the corridor, presumably to make love to his wife, as he seductively mutters "sweetheart!". 
 The Dukes of Hazzard (2005)651) Cousins Bo, Luke, and Daisy Duke, and their uncle Jesse, egg on the authorities of Hazzard County, Boss Hogg and Sheriff Coltrane. In Georgia's dusty Hazzard County, the close-knit Duke cousins, Bo and Luke, deliver Uncle Jesse's fine moonshine. Zooming down the rough backwoods on their powerful muscle-car--the tangerine 1969 Dodge Charger, General Lee--the boys easily outrun the corrupt county commissioner Boss Hogg's forces, and his loyal henchman, Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane. However, when the clan of moonshiners are left with nothing, only Bo, Luke, and Daisy Duke can save their farm, as the day of the annual road rally approaches. Can the Dukes of Hazzard beat Hogg's champion, Billy Prickett, save the day, and their beloved home? Nick Riganas Bo and Luke Duke are southern cousins. In Hazzard County, Bo and Luke help their Uncle Jesse and their sexy cousin Daisy run the Moonshine business and always getting into trouble with Sherriff Roscoe P. Coltrane and recklessly driving in their orange car "General Lee". Boss Hogg, the mean and corrupt local county commissioner who hates The Dukes evicts The Dukes from their farm. Bo and Duke travels to Atlanta and meets up with old friend Katie Johnson and her friend Annette as they set out to find out why Boss Hogg has evicted them from their farm and what he plans to do. With local ace race car driver Billy Prickett in town to take part in the Annual Hazzard Road Race rally, Bo and Luke sets out to save their farm and foil Boss Hogg's scheme. Daniel Williamson Cousins Bo and Luke Duke, with the assistance of their sexy cousin Daisy and Uncle Jesse, must save the Duke family farm from destruction by the town's corrupt and evil commissioner Boss Hogg. Their efforts constantly find the "Duke Boys" eluding authorities in "The General Lee", the boys' orange 1969 Dodge Charger that keeps them one step ahead of the dimwitted antics of the small southern town's Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane. Alex Madison <RockyHorrorExorcist2905> In Hazzard County, the cousins Bo Duke and Luke Duke find that the corrupt Boss Hogg is plotting the destruction of the location, intending to transform the lands in a huge coal mine. Hogg diverts the dwellers with a rally to hide the judgment of his plea in court. Bo and Luke, assisted by their delicious cousin Daisy, Bo's car General Lee and their Uncle Jesse, fight to save the town from the claws of Boss Hogg and the also corrupt Sheriff Rosco P. Coltrane and their men. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cousins Bo (Seann William Scott), Luke (Johnny Knoxville), and Daisy Duke (Jessica Simpson) have returned with the General Lee (1969 Dodge Charger) to the big screen. Uncle Jesse (Willie Nelson) is still making the best moonshine in Hazzard County, Georgia, with Bo and Luke making deliveries. Sheriff Roscoe P. Coltrane (M.C. Gainey) is still trying to catch Bo and Luke running moonshine in the General Lee. Bo and Luke discover that the crooked county commissioner, Boss Hogg (Burt Reynolds) has illegally been taking their neighbors land, and the Dukes family farm is next. The Dukes have a plan to save their farm and the town of Hazzard from becoming a coal strip-mine. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 American Wedding (2003)431) It's the wedding of Jim and Michelle and the gathering of their families and friends, including Jim's old friends from high school and Michelle's little sister. Jim Levenstein has finally found the courage to ask his girlfriend, Michelle Flaherty to marry him. She agrees to get married, but the problems don't stop there for Jim. Now along with Paul Finch and Kevin Myers, Jim must plan the wedding. Unfortunately Steve Stifler is in town and won't let the wedding go past without having some fun himself, which includes setting up a secret bachelor party. FilmFanUK Jim proposes to Michelle and she accepts. Now their families are looking forward to it as are Jim's friends, Kevin and Finch. They do their best to keep Stifler from knowing but he does and all he sees is the bachelor party that goes with it. However Jim is more concerned about whether or not Michelle's parents will like him and he is also worried whether he can learn how to dance before the wedding. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) having dinner, celebrating their college graduation. They've been dating for 3 years now. Jim intends to propose to Michelle, but receives a phone call from his dad saying that Jim forgot the engagement ring at home and his dad is on his way to bring it to him. As Jim tries to stall, he talks about the next step which Michelle interprets as spicing up their sex lives. She gets the impression that he wants a public sex act and proceeds to perform oral sex on him under the table. When Mr. Levenstein (Eugene Levy) arrives, Jim tries to hide the fact that he's being fellated. Not knowing Michelle is under the table, Jim's dad expresses his excitement at the proposal. Then, after Michelle bumps her head under the table out of shock , all chaos ensues as Jim ends up exposed and has to hike his pants up quickly. Saving face, he swallows what's left of his pride and asks Michelle to marry him which she readily agrees. Jim has a night at the local bar with Michelle, Kevin(Thomas Ian Nicholas) and Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas) to celebrate their engagement. During that night, it is revealed that Michelle likes to dance but Jim is a terrible dancer. The first thing about the wedding that everyone agrees to, is that Stifler (Seann William Scott) is not invited and should be kept away from the wedding. This proves to be impossible when Stifler drives by Jim's house and decides to crash what he thinks is a graduation party but is actually the engagement party. He messes with the cake which ends up on his lap and Jim's as well. Jim tries to take his pants off to clean them and chaos ensues ending with Jim looking like he's having sex with dogs when Michelle's parents (Fred Willard and Deborah Rush) meet him for the first time. When Stifler realizes that Jim is getting married, he volunteers to organize the bachelor party which Kevin and Finch hadn't thought about but agrees that Stifler would be the perfect guy for such an occasion. They don't tell him however that he is not invited. Afterward, Jim worries that the wedding will be a disaster. Michelle's parents hate him after the dog incident. Michelle is stressed but doesn't want to tell Jim about her worries so Jim doesn't know what she really wants and he knows she'll want to dance and he's really bad at it. He shares these details to Kevin and Finch who offers their help. Looking for dancing lessons, Kevin and Finch meets Stifler and try to hint that he's not invited at the wedding. Jim goes to Stifler to try to explain why he's not invited. Stifler gets angry and screams at Jim while his football team surrounds them and scream with him. Stifler uses that moment to whisper that he knows how to dance and he can teach Jim. They have a first lesson together and Jim finally agrees to invite Stifler and allow him to take care of the bachelor party. Meanwhile, Finch has been following Michelle under disguise to learn more about her desires for the wedding. He finds out that Michelle's dream wedding dress is made by only one designer working for one store in Chicago. So Jim sets out to find the dress maker with the guys and Stifler. They go to Chicago but the dress maker named Leslie isn't at the store. One of her colleagues agrees to give them the address of a few bars where they could find her. They split to cover more territory and Stifler ends up in a gay bar where he gets in an argument with a big man nicknamed Bear who happens to know Leslie. Bear sends them away refusing to help them. As Jim is losing faith in ever finding Leslie, Stifler returns and has a dance-off to make up for his rudeness towards Bear. Leslie, the man who was next to Bear all along finally reveals himself and agrees to make the dress. Michelle's sister Cadence (January Jones) arrives to help for the preparations, and Finch is quickly attracted to her. Sadly, so is Stifler. Upon hearing that Cadence is hoping to attract a decent guy, Stifler adopts a more meek attitude and acts like Finch, and avoids swearing and speaks of philosophy. The act works as it seduces both Cadence and her mother. When Finch realizes that Cadence is beginning to tire of the intellectual Stifler however, he starts to act immature, rude, and perverted: in other words, like the real Stifler. This change of attitude momentarily gets him the attention and favor of Cadence. The dress episode has convinced Michelle's parents that they should give Jim a second chance and they schedule a private dinner. Jim lies to Stifler that everyone will be gone that night so he can have his private moment with Michelle's parent. Unfortunately, Stifler, thinking that Jim will be home alone, sees it as the perfect moment for the bachelor party to take place. Stifler arrives at Jim's house with Kevin, Finch, Bear and his "girls": Fraulein Brandi and Officer Krystal. Not waiting for Jim, they get the party started and play Bondage and Submissive roles with the girls. When Jim arrives with Michelle's parent, Stifler and Finch realizes their mistake and they hide everyone. They almost manage to get away with it until they find Kevin almost naked and tied to a chair in the closet. Stifler makes up an excuse to explain everything and tries to take the blame for it but Jim insist to take the blame himself which convinces Michelle's parents that Jim is willing to make a lot of efforts for their daughter and they give him their blessing. Because he is now her favorite best man, Michelle's mother entrust Stifler to protect the bride's wedding ring until the ceremony. Not long after arriving at the hotel where the wedding will take place in a few days, Stifler looses the ring when he unintentionally feeds it to the dogs. He spends the whole day with them hoping to catch the ring when they defecate. When he finally gets the ring back, he tries to sneak to his room to wash it but is intercepted by Michelle's parents. Mistaking the stool in Stifler's hand for a truffle, Michelle's mother, who loves chocolate, attempts to eat it, giving Stifler no other choice but to eat it himself to save face. Only Finch knows the truth and reacts accordingly. Later, Cadence begins to catch on that Stifler may not be all he says he is, but finds herself still attracted to him so she proposes him a sexual encounter. Stifler picks up a bottle of champagne on his way to his encounter with Cadence but accidentally turns off the refrigerator holding the flowers for the wedding. He gets in an argument with Finch and goes into full Stifler mode just as Cadence walks by and sees everything. She obviously cancels the encounter. Another crisis erupt when Jim's grandmother express her disapproval of the wedding and hates Michelle because she isn't Jewish, a fact that deeply saddens Michelle. Jim tries to explain to her that his grandmother is very old fashioned but Michelle still takes it very personal. Because the refrigerator was off, the flowers have all overheated and died. With everyone angry at him, Stifler leaves the hotel angry and sad. On his way home he sees the flower shop that provided the flowers for the wedding. He finds the owner's address and wakes her up in the middle of the night. She claims the job is impossible since she had four people working for two days to do the first job. By using an old speech from his coach in the first movie ("you don't score until you score...") he convinces her to help him redo the flowers. To do so, he also brings in the football team he coaches to set up the entire room with new flowers. Jim and Michelle, who were very sad the night before, wakes up to the sound of Stifler leading his whole team into decorating the wedding hall. Cadence is impressed and agrees to forgive Stifler and be his date for the wedding. Finch admits that Stifler was probably better for her anyway. Stifler, angry that he can't hate Finch after such a noble remark, tells Finch that he hates not hating him. Finch reminds him that he slept with Stifler's mom twice. Stifler says "Thank you" as a way to reveal that all the hatred is back. Just before the ceremony, Stifler and Cadence plan to have sex in a linens closet. Cadence is intercepted by her mother and is unable to sneak away while Jim's grandmother gets dumped in the linens closet by the ushers because they found her annoying. Stifler enters the dark closet and thinks he's with Cadence and have sex with her until Finch and Kevin finds them and Stfler realizes he was doing Jim's grandmother who insist he finishes the job. Michelle and Jim finally get married. Everything goes smoothly, even Jim's grandmother is all smile now, thanks to Stifler. At the reception, Jim impresses everyone with his new dancing skills taught to him by Stifler. They invite everyone to join them on the dance floor. Everyone is dancing and having a good time except Finch who's sitting all by himself until Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge) shows up. They tell each other they are over each other but she invites him to her room. The movie ends with Stifler's mom and Finch in the tub having sex as the milf guys (John Cho and Justin Isfield), are watching in awe from the window. 