nm0007985:

 Rolling Thunder (1977)Summaries A returning war veteran loses his family to a violent home invasion and decides to seek and retaliate against those responsible. Major Charles Rane comes back from the war and is given a number of gifts from his hometown because he is a war hero. Some greedy thugs decide that they want to steal a number of silver dollars from him. In the process they also manage to kill his wife and son and destroy his hand. The Major wants revenge so he enlists the help of his war buddy Johnny to meet the thugs in a final showdown. Josh Pasnak <chainsaw@intouch.bc.ca> After spending seven years as a POW in Hanoi, Major Rane returns home but finds his home very different from the one he left. Rane realizes that his son does not remember him and his wife admits to him that she has become engaged to another man and has no plans to break it off. Rane stoically accepts this and greeted warmly by the townspeople and he is presented with a red Cadillac and 2,555 silver dollars which attracts the attention of four border outlaws. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Night Stand (19951999)Summaries Of all the talk shows, there's only one show that doesn't hesitate to take up such serious issues as teenage prostitution, aliens from outer space or breast implants in the Dick Dietrick style. Mattias Thuresson Mocking Jerry Springer-like talk shows, Night Stand was a fake talk show hosted by lovable, Dick Dietrick, played masterfully by Timothy Stack. Dick would bring on ridiculous guests and go into a plethora of even more ridiculous questions. A Springer/Ricky Lake- type show, the "Dick Dietrick Show" would bring on guests that not even fans of the entire "outrageous" talk show genre would want to see. Many of the themes had sexual overtones, obvious to everyone watching, except for Dick himself who would make comments that everyone else found explicit, but Dick himself thought nothing of it. Soon after he would scold the audience when realizing the sexual overtone, and say, "People, no....no." Joshua Bozeman <JBoze3131@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Skeeter (1993)Summaries As the result of a corrupt businessman's illegal toxic waste dumping, a small desert town is beset by a deadly swarm of huge bloodthirsty mutant mosquitoes! Another ecological disaster results in mosquitoes growing to the size of bats (very rubbery, non-scary bats). Of course they have to suck a lot of blood. Humans have to find a way to fight back. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Quantum Leap (19891993)66) During a government experiment into time travel, a scientist finds himself trapped in the past, "leaping" into the bodies of different people on a regular basis and sorting out their problems whilst trying to get back home to his own time. Theorising that one could time travel within his own lifetime, Dr Sam Beckett stepped into the Quantum Leap Accelerator, and vanished. He awoke and found himself trapped in the past, facing mirror images that were not his own and driven by an unknown force to change history for the better. His only guide on this journey is Al, an observer from his own time, who appears in the form of a hologram that only Sam can see and hear. And so Dr Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, striving to put right what once went wrong, and hoping each time that his next leap will be the leap home. Theorizing that a person could time-travel but only from within their own lifetime, Dr. Sam Beckett is hired by the Government and the Military to lead an elite group of scientists to develop a top-secret project which would only be known as "Quantum Leap". Setting up in an underground bunker in the New Mexico desert Beckett is pressured by the top military brass and government officials to prove his outlandish theories correct or lose the funding necessary to continue the project, so Dr. Beckett decides to test out the newly built time machine by going against the wishes of the other scientists and stepping into the project accelerator where he vanishes. Dr. Beckett awakens to find himself in the past having successfully time traveled or leaped (as the series calls it), but he ends up suffering from partial amnesia and doesn't recognize who he is and the face in a mirror is not his own. Fortunately, contact with Sams own time is maintained through brainwave transmissions with Albert "Al" Calavicci, the project observer, who can only appear in the form of a hologram that only Dr Beckett can see and hear. After filling Sam in with the information as to who he is and why he is there and tells him that someone from the past is now in Sams time and that Sam has switched places with that person. The pair deduce that Dr Beckett can only return home by putting something right that once went wrong in that person's life. After fixing the past he once again ends up "Leaping" into a different person's life in another point in history. Dr Beckett realizes that to get home he must help as many people as he can, and ends up hoping each time that he does, that his next leap will ultimately be the leap home. Doctor Sam Beckett led a group of top scientists into the desert to research his theory that a man could time travel within his own lifetime. Unfortunately, in order to save his funding, he was forced to enter the accelerator prematurely and vanished. He then found himself in someone else's body with partial amnesia. His only contact from home is Al, a holographic image only he can see and hear. Setting right things which once went wrong, Sam leaps from life to life, hoping each time that this is the final leap home. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> Although the project isn't ready yet, Sam hops into the Accelerator and leaps. As Tom Stratton, an Air Force test pilot, Sam finds his memory Swiss cheesed, with only enough left to know that he is not where or when he belongs. Al explains that the project has gone "a little ca-ca" and that the only way Sam can leap out is by flying the X-2 to Mach 3. Instead, Sam leaps after saving Tom's life, wife and child, only to find that rather than leaping home, he's leapt into Tim Fox, a minor league baseball player in Texas, at the end of the 1968 season, where he must make the winning play in order to leap. Sam Beckett <drgr4000@mailszrz.zrz.tu-berlin.de> Theorizing that one could time-travel within his own lifetime, Dr. Sam Beckett led an elite group of scientists into the desert to develop a top secret project known as Quantum Leap. Pressured to prove his theories or lose funding, Dr. Beckett prematurely stepped into the project accelerator... and vanished. He awoke to find himself in the past, suffering from partial amnesia and facing a mirror image that was not his own. Fortunately, contact with his own time was maintained through brainwave transmissions with Al, the project observer, who appeared in the form of a hologram that only Dr. Beckett can see and hear. Trapped in the past, Dr. Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, putting things right that once went wrong and hoping each time that his next leap would be the leap home." courtesy of: http://www.quantumleap-alsplace.com/#premise Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 