nm0007434:

 Star Trek: Nemesis (2002)431) The Enterprise is diverted to the Romulan homeworld Romulus, supposedly because they want to negotiate a peace treaty. Captain Picard and his crew discover a serious threat to the Federation once Praetor Shinzon plans to attack Earth. After a joyous wedding between William Riker and Deanna Troi, Captain Picard and the Enterprise crew stumble upon a positronic signature which results in a prototype version of the android Data. Then the Enterprise is invited to Romulus to negotiate a peace treaty with the Romulans by their new leader, Praetor Shinzon. However, Shinzon is revealed to be a clone of Picard who was raised on Remus, a slave planet to the Romulans. Later on, Picard discovers that this peace treaty was nothing more than a set-up on account of the fact that Shinzon needs Picard in order to survive. But little do the Enterprise crew know that Shinzon also plans to do away with the Federation by unleashing a weapon that could destroy a whole planet. Blazer346 On their way to William Riker and Deanna Troi's honeymoon on Betazed, the Enterprise heads near the Romulan Neutral Zone, and picks up a prototype version of the android Data. Immediately, they are diverted to Romulus, where the new ruler, Praetor Shinzon, a human cloned from Captain Picard who lives on the slave planet Remus, appears to want peace with the Federation. But then the crew detects a break-in on their computer systems, and Picard is captured by the Remans because Shinzon needs him as his only matching supplier of genetic material. Picard and the Enterprise crew escape, only to find themselves battling Shinzon's completely cloaked Warbird, who goes after the complete destruction of Earth. 42/103 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On Romulus, members of the Romulan Imperial Senate debate whether to accept the terms of peace and alliance with the Reman rebel leader Shinzon ( Tom Hardy ). The Remans are a slave race of the Romulan Empire, used as miners and as cannon fodder in the Dominion War. A faction of the military is in support of Shinzon, but the Praetor and Senate are opposed to the alliance. After rejecting the motion, the Praetor and remaining senators are disintegrated by a device left in the room by a military-aligned senator. Meanwhile, back on Earth, Captain Jean-Luc Picard ( Patrick Stewart ) speaks about how a starship captain's life is filled with solemn duty. He remembers commanding men in battle, negotiating peace treaties and leading first contact missions, but none of them compares with his solemn duty this time - as best man. The crew of the USS Enterprise prepare to bid farewell to Commander William Riker ( Jonathan Frakes ) and Counselor Deanna Troi ( Marina Sirtis ), who are being married on Betazed. Picard proposes a toast, and expresses his sincere thanks to Riker and Troi as his guides and advisors, and wishes them both the greatest happiness in their current lives together. En route to Betazed, the Enterprise crew discover a positronic signature on an uncharted planet in the Kolaran system in the Romulan Neutral Zone. Captain Picard, Lieutenant Commander Data ( Brent Spiner ), and Lieutenant Commander Worf ( Michael Dorn ) land on Koloran III upon a larger shuttle with an advanced buggy. In the course of scouring the planet's surface, they discover pieces of an android resembling Data scattered across a great distance. After finding the final piece (the head), the away team are attacked by the native species in several vehicles with machine guns. The away team flee back to the shuttle on the buggy while firing at the aliens with a powerful phaser cannon, only to find it surrounded. Using a remote control, Data pilots the shuttle away from the aliens, much to their surprise, and behind a cliff where Picard daringly pilots the vehicle into the open back of the shuttle. Back on the Enterprise, the crew deduce the android as a less-advanced, prototype version of Data. When the android is reassembled, he introduces himself as B-4 (also Brent Spiner ), and Data informs him they are brothers. Admiral Kathryn Janeway ( Kate Mulgrew ) (who has recently returned from the Delta Quadrant) contacts Picard and orders the Enterprise on a diplomatic mission to Romulus. Janeway explains that the Romulan Empire has been taken over in a military coup by Shinzon, who says he wants peace with the Federation and bring freedom to Remus. On arrival, they learn that Shinzon is a clone of Picard, secretly created by the Romulans to plant a high-ranking agent into the Federation. The project was abandoned when Shinzon was a child and he was left for dead as a mining slave on Remus. After many years, Shinzon became the leader of the Remans, and constructed his heavily armed flagship, the Scimitar. Initially, diplomatic attempts go well, but the Enterprise crew discover that the Scimitar is producing low levels of thalaron radiation, which is what has been used to kill the Imperial Senate and is deadly to nearly all lifeforms. There are also unexpected attempts to communicate the Enterprise computers, and Shinzon himself violates Troi's mind through the telepathy of his Reman viceroy ( Ron Perlman ). Dr. Beverly Crusher ( Gates McFadden ) discovers that Shinzon is aging rapidly on account of the process to clone him, and the only possible means to prevent the aging is the transfusion of Picard's own blood. Shinzon kidnaps Picard from the Enterprise, as well as B-4, having planted the android on the nearby planet to lure Picard closer to the Neutral Zone. However, Data reveals that he has swapped places with B-4, rescues Picard, and returns with Picard to the Enterprise. They have now seen enough of the Scimitar to know that Shinzon plans to use the warship to invade the Federation using its thalaron-radiation generator as a weapon, with the eradication of all lifeforms on Earth being his first priority. The Enterprise races back to Federation space and is ambushed by the Scimitar in the Bassen Rift, a region that prevents any subspace communications. Two Romulan Warbirds come to assist the Enterprise, as they do not want to be involved in Shinzon's genocidal plans, but Shinzon destroys one and disables the other. Recognizing the need to stop the Scimitar at all costs, Picard orders the Enterprise on a collision course with the other ship. The collision leaves both ships heavily damaged and destroys most of the Scimitar's primary weapons. To assure their mutual destruction, Shinzon orders the Scimitar to back away, then activates the thalaron weapon. Picard boards the Scimitar to face Shinzon alone, and eventually kills him by impaling him on a metal strut. Data jumps the distance between the two ships with a personal transporter to beam Picard back to the Enterprise and then sacrifices himself when he fires his phaser on the thalaron generator, destroying the Scimitar, while saving the Enterprise. The crew mourn Data, and the Romulan commander Donatra ( Dina Meyer ) offers them her gratitude for saving the Empire. On the Enterprise, now back at Earth drydock for extensive repairs, Picard bids farewell to the newly promoted Captain Riker, who is leaving to command the USS Titan and begin a possible peace negotiation mission with the Romulans. Picard meets with B-4, and informs him about Data's goal to become more human and Data's wonder about human nature, before Worf calls and informs Picard that the crew are ready to bring the warp engines online. Picard discovers that Data had downloaded the engrams of his neural net into B-4's positronic matrix before he boarded the Scimitar. Picard leaves B-4's quarters walking down a corridor smiling, knowing that Data will return someday. 
 Deja Vu (2006)761) After a ferry is bombed in New Orleans, an A.T.F. agent joins a unique investigation using experimental surveillance technology to find the bomber, but soon finds himself becoming obsessed with one of the victims. In the wake of a devastating terrorist attack on a slow New Orleans ferry, the A.T.F. special agent, Doug Carlin, joins an experimental top-secret government program to find the bomber. Designed to bend the very fabric of time, this state-of-the-art technology enables the user to observe a detailed representation of what happened four days and six hours in the past, tracking the target's every move prior to the attack. However, the man responsible for the deadly explosion is bound to strike again. Can Carlin figure out who he is, when he is always precisely four days behind? Nick Riganas A ferry filled with crewmen from the USS Nimitz and their families was blown up in New Orleans on Mardi Gras. BATF Doug Carlin is brought in to assist in the massive investigation, and gets attached to an experimental FBI surveillance unit, one that uses spacefolding technology to directly look back a little over four days into the past. While tracking down the bomber, Carlin gets an idea in his head: could they use the device to actually travel back in time and not only prevent the bombing but also the murder of a local woman whose truck was used in the bombing? ahmetkozan After an explosion on a ferry kills over 500 people including a large group of party-going sailors, an ATF agent investigates the crime. AN FBI agent also joins the investigation. Impressed with the ATF agent's skills, the FBI agent invites him to join a new team that has a new program that uses satellite technology to look backwards in time for 4-1/2 days to try to capture the terrorist. Meanwhile a young woman who was burned washes up on shore. Meant to look like part of the explosion, the body arrives at its location too soon, which leads the agents to believe her death is related to the explosion. As they use the new technology to study the woman, the ATF agent determines that this is not satellite imagery but somehow is using a time warp. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> When a bomb explodes on a ferry boat in New Orleans, special operatives from the FBI and ATF come to the scene, including ATF agent Doug Carlin. After viewing satellite surveillance, Carlin also stumbles upon a woman named Claire Kuchever, who has been murdered shortly before the Ferry incident. Carlin also finds out that he can use the surveillance systems to travel backwards in time. So, he time warps 4 days before the Ferry incident, so he can stop Claire's murder, and to stop the Ferry incident. John Wiggins In Algiers, New Orleans, after the explosion of a ferry transporting the sailors from the USS Nimitz and their families with 543 casualties, the lonely ATF agent Doug Carlin is assigned to investigate the terrorist attack. Without any lead, he is informed by Sheriff Reed about a corpse of a woman that was found one hour before the explosion, but burnt with the same explosive. He is invited by FBI Agent Pryzwarra to join the surveillance team headed by Jack McCready in the investigations, using a time window and Einstein-Rosen bridge through seven satellites to look back four and half days in time. He discloses the identity of the mysterious dead woman called Claire Kuchever and decides to follow her last moments trying to find the criminal. Along the surveillance, Doug falls in love for Claire and tries to change destiny, saving her life. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Algiers, New Orleans, an explosion of a ferry transporting sailors from the USS Nimitz and their families on a Mardi Gras excursion causes 543 casualties. Lonely ATF agent Doug Carlin ( Denzel Washington ) is assigned to investigate the terrorist attack. He is informed by Sheriff Reed ( John McConnell ) about the corpse of a woman, Claire Kuchever ( Paula Patton ), that washed up on shore. Her body was found one hour before the explosion, but burnt with the same explosive. The agents believe that her death was meant to look like part of the explosion, but the body arrived too soon. Doug also learns that his partner, Agent Larry Minuti ( Matt Craven ), was evidently killed in the bombing. Doug is invited by FBI Agent Pryzwarra ( Val Kilmer ) to join an experimental surveillance team led by Jack McCready ( Bruce Greenwood ). The team shows him moving images of the ferry boarding, from any and every angle. He watches the hundreds of people moving around, and after a few minutes starts firing questions at the team about a technology that can provide this type of live surveillance from four days ago (4 days, 6 hours, 3 minutes, 45 seconds). They explain that it is via a system of satellites, and that it takes four days to assemble the information so that it can be viewed just one time. He asks pointedly how satellites are providing audio, and the team looks startled but provides an explanation. Doug directs them to focus on the mysterious dead woman, Claire Kuchever, and follow her last days since it is likely she was murdered by the bomber. As they observe her, she obviously has the sensation that she is being watched, calling out, "who's there?" and looking around. She even writes about it in her diary, which Doug holds and reads four days later, after it was collected as evidence from her apartment. She receives a call from the terrorist, asking about purchasing her car. However, she will be busy when he wants to meet, so they do not make a deal. As the surveillance continues, Doug watches her getting dressed, and later reading to her niece, he suddenly raises a laser pointer and directs it at the viewing screen. It shows on the wall behind her, and she sees it and reacts to it. Meanwhile, the viewing room system goes down completely, with several people shouting, "who breached the field?!" Doug angrily confronts them for lying about the system. He knows that the images are not from the dead past because Claire reacted to the laser light. He demands an explanation. The scientists try to tell him about an Einstein-Rosen bridge, or spacefolding technology, but the advanced physics jargon just infuriates Doug. Dr. Denny ( Adam Goldberg ) tries to make it simpler, showing a piece of paper and then folding it to bring two points together. This is still not what Doug wants to know. He smashes a nearby monitor and demands, "is she alive or is she dead?" The group gives both answers - she is alive in the past and yet dead in the present. He wants to prevent her murder, and the ferry explosion, but the team explains to him that it cannot be done. Nothing can be sent back - gerbils, all sorts of experimental animals have arrived dead. Attempting to "breach the field" causes failures of the local power grid. A major blackout of most of the central US, that was blamed on Canada, was actually the fault of operator Gunnars ( Elden Henson ). However, they eventually agree to try to send a small piece of paper back in time to warn Carlin himself, as an anonymous tip, where the terrorist will be waiting to arrange his car deal. The scientists chatter about different time paradox theories. Operator Shanti ( Erika Alexander ) draws a diagram showing a "branching" theory - a new timeline is created with the new event (the appearance of the paper), and the old timeline ceases to exist. However, Dr. Denny insists it won't change anything. Shanti likens it to throwing a pebble into water, causing ripples ... but Dr. Denny says the flow of time is more like the Mississippi. Any change will simply heal itself, in the long run. They prepare the message and send it back. Unfortunately, their timing is off. Before the message appears, Doug (in the past) finishes an argument with his partner Larry and walks out of his office. Afterward, Larry spots the paper on Carlin's desk and leaves to follow the tip which places the bomber at the ferry dock. The team cringes as they realize they have sent Larry to his death. They focus now on the dock, hoping to get a good picture of the terrorist so that they can find him. His picture is put into a computer to compare it with mug shots, looking for a match. Larry meets the terrorist and a brief fight ensues. Unconscious, Larry is dragged into the terrorist's vehicle, and he drives away. As they follow him, the viewing team exclaims that he is leaving their viewing area and will soon be out of reach. Doug fires up the HumVee that contains the mobile viewing rig, giving chase in the present so that the past in that area can be seen. After an accident, the rig is damaged so that Doug cannot see the past through it, but the base team can. They shout instructions directing him. He follows the trail to a burned-out fishing camp on the bayou. There is an ambulance crashed into the remains of the main building, but in the past, the terrorist has taken Larry out back. Pryzwarra gulps that the terrorist is pouring "accelerant" (fuel) on Larry's body. In the present, Carlin can see a burned outline of a body on the pavement. He tells them to brace themselves because they are about witness a murder. Horribly, Larry begins to awaken. The terrorist sees this, and quickly shoots Larry before setting his body on fire. The team isn't sure what else there is to do. Doug points out that the terrorist still needs a vehicle for his bombing, because there are bulletholes in the one he'd planned to use. That means the terrorist will need Claire's car. Doug continues to examine the site. Inside the building, he finds another burned body outline. In a crack, he finds a black earring which he recognizes as Claire's. He kisses it and pockets it. The computer search comes up with a match on the terrorist's picture - Carroll Oerstadt ( Jim Caviezel ). He is connected to the fish camp. He is hunted down, captured and brought in for questioning. Discussing his past with Doug, it seems the military rejected him twice, finding him mentally unstable. Oerstadt babbles about destiny, patriotism and collateral damage. McCready advises the team that they are shutting down, having caught the perpetrator. There is no point in further pursuing Claire's murder and the explosion. Doug is frustrated - for once he would like to do more than catch the bad guy afterwards - he'd like to stop the bad guy before it happens. He stops at Claire's house and sees the magnets on the refrigerator spell out, "u can save her". Dr. Denny agrees to help Doug attempt to travel into the past. Doug strips down to his undershirt and boxers and climbs into the small transport area, hugging his knees. Denny reminds Doug that his heart will be stopped by the electromagnetic pulse (EMP) of the system - if he is not revived, he will simply die. He arrives four days in the past, on an empty gurney in a hospital operating room. Seeing his jolting body, doctors rush to treat him. When they cut away his shirt, they read the words "Revive Me" written on his skin. He awakens later in a hospital room, steals some clothes, and grabs a bouquet of flowers to carry for camouflage. Outside the hospital, he steals an ambulance and drives out to the fish camp, where Claire is tied up with a bag over her head. Trying to fight her captor, Oerstadt, she rakes his face with her nails. Furious, Oerstadt douses her with gasoline. Doug crashes the ambulance directly into the building where they are. Oerstadt shoots Doug in the shoulder but then flees. Doug takes Claire home to clean up. He looks around her apartment, seeing all of the details that he has seen through the viewer and also from the investigation after her death. He shifts the refrigerator magnets to spell "u can save her". While he is cleaning up, she comes out wearing the red and white dress in which she died. He tells her to change, stating that is what "the victim" wore. He reaches into a wardrobe for clothing - and she pulls a gun on him, stating that he cannot be what he claims, pointing out his familiarity with her house and the fact that he has asked her no questions. She calls the ATF and they confirm his existence and appearance, but she demands to know more. He says, "What if you had to tell someone the most important thing in the world, but you knew they'd never believe you?" She says, "I'd try." After explaining, she helps bandage his shoulder. They go to the ferry, where he will defuse the bomb and Claire is supposed to tell the guards what is happening. Unfortunately, when Oerstadt leaves the ferry and sees Claire's truck, he knows he has a problem, so he returns to the ferry. Claire sees this and jumps aboard also, just as the ship leaves the dock. Doug returns to the bomb-laden vehicle to find Claire in it, handcuffed to the steering wheel, with her mouth taped shut. Doug stuns Oerstadt into a standoff by throwing his own words (from the interrogation) at him: destiny, patriotism and collateral damage. Rather than surrendering, Doug jumps into the car with Claire and gets her to ram Oerstadt where he stands in front of another car. However, the car is still wired to explode, and there is no time to defuse it nor explain all of this to the guards. Doug directs her to drive the vehicle off the ferry and into the water. As they submerge, he kicks out the windshield and jerks the steering wheel out of the column so that she can swim free to the surface. Unfortunately, the ferry continues overhead, rolling the vehicle over and crushing the frame so that Doug cannot escape. Claire makes it to the surface, gasping, and is pulled out of the water. The car is completely filled with water, and Doug hammers futilely on the side window, holding his breath. The ferry safely passes. The vehicle explodes underwater, sending a fireball of debris up in the air. Now ashore and wrapped in a blanket, Claire cries over Doug's death. The officials ask Claire if she would talk to an agent from the ATF. She turns ... and sees Doug (from the present) walking up to her. She stammers in shock, and he asks if they have met. As they get into his car to leave, she repeats his words from earlier in the film, "What if you had to tell someone the most important thing in the world, but you knew they'd never believe you?" And he unwittingly echoes her earlier response, "I'd try." 
 The Hunt for Red October (1990)761) In November 1984, the Soviet Union's best submarine captain, in a new undetectable sub, violates orders and heads for the U.S. The American CIA and military must quickly determine: Is he trying to defect, or to start a war? In November 1984, at the height of the Cold War, the Soviet Union creates a new nuclear submarine that runs silent due to a revolutionary propulsion system. The Russian submarine Captain, Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery), defects. His goal is taking it to the U.S. to prevent the Russians from using it to start nuclear war against the U.S. This movie tells the story of Captain Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery), the skipper of the Soviet Union's newest nuclear submarine, the "Red October". Jack Ryan (Alec Baldwin) of the C.I.A. gets involved in a tense, tangled hunt for this sub, when Ramius defects, taking the "Red October" with him. The story is an action packed techno-thriller. Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu> Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery) is a senior Lithuanian submarine Captain, whose plans to defect are met with strong opposition by his own Soviet Navy, and American misconceptions of his intentions. C.I.A. analyst Jack Ryan (Alec Baldwin), the one man who sees the defection, must convince most of the U.S. Navy he is correct. The action climaxes with an amazing naval battle, but who will win The Hunt for Red October? Nick Formica A new, technologically-superior Soviet submarine, the Red October, is heading for the U.S. coast under the command of Captain Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery). The U.S. government thinks Ramius is planning to attack. C.I.A. analyst Jack Ryan (Alec Baldwin) has a different idea. He thinks Ramius is planning to defect, but he has only a few hours to find him and prove it, because the entire Russian Naval and Air commands are trying to find him, too. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> The "Red October" is a new Soviet submarine. When the Americans are given photographs of it, they are extremely curious as to why is it so special. C.I.A. analyst Jack Ryan (Alec Baldwin) consults with a friend, who deduces that it's equipped with a new engine that can make it run virtually silent, and with such a device, they can position themselves on the outskirts of any coastal city and launch their missiles and not give their target any warning. Captain Marko Ramius (Sir Sean Connery) kills their political officer after they open their orders, which basically has them conducting routine maneuvers, but he kills him and burns their orders and replaces them. He then tells the crew that they are going to test their new engine by positioning themselves off the coast of New York City and run missile drills. Ryan is then called by his boss, Admiral James Greer (James Earl Jones), to attend a briefing that concerns the Red October. It is at this briefing, that they discover that Ramius sent a letter to high ranking Soviet official, who after reading the letter, went to meet with the Soviet Premier, and it was shortly after that meeting that the Soviet Navy was deployed to find the Red October and sink it. Everyone assumes that Ramius has turned rogue, but Ryan, who once did research on Ramius, and assumes that he might be trying to defect. While everyone dismisses him, National Security Adviser Jeffrey Pelt (Richard Jordan) tells Ryan to go out there and find out for sure if he is right, because once Ramius is in position to fire his missiles, they have to take him out. Ryan reluctantly goes and is not used to field work, and is having a hard time coping with the sea. At the same time, someone in the Red October crew knows that Ramius has deviated from his assignment and is doing what he can to stop him. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In November of 1984, shortly before Gorbachev came to power, a Typhoon-class Soviet sub surfaced just south of the Grand banks. It then sank in deep water apparently suffering a radiation problem. Unconfirmed reports indicated some of the crew were rescued. But according to repeated statements by both Soviet and American governments, nothing of what you are about to see... ever happened The film opens with a pan of a hilly, snow-covered landscape surrounding a bay, which is observed by Marko Ramius- who we see close up on the eyes briefly. Polijarny Inlet, North of Soviet Sub Base, Near Murmansk Ramius and his colleague Vasili Borodin ( Sam Neill ) discuss the cold - and hard - morning before an accompanying tugboat sounds a horn. Borodin, using binoculars to scout, notifies Ramius that it is time. The submarine prepares to submerge. The film changes scenes to a room in a building (in London) and scans books and artifacts (as the opening credits roll) as Jack Ryan ( Alec Baldwin ) packs for a trip. His daughter, Sally, stands nearby - claiming that Stanley (her stuffed teddy bear) "keeps waking her up". Ryan promises Sally he will buy Stanley a "baby brother" before he and his wife leave for Heathrow airport. Upon arriving at Washington Dulles International Airport, Ryan is met by two CIA agents who escort him to the CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia. He meets with Admiral Greer ( James Earl Jones ) who he shows photographs from British Intelligence of the Red October a Typhoon-class submarine which is 12 meters longer than a standard Typhoon sub and three meters wider. He also reveals that he wrote a bio on Ramius during the previous year, who captained the lead submarine of each new class for the last ten years, has fairly good political connections and trained most of the Soviet attack boat skippers. Ramius is known as Vilnius Nstavnic (Vilnius Schoolmaster). Greer notices strange doors on the Red October, which both Ryan and the British do not know the purpose of. Ryan wishes to share the pictures with Skip Tyler ( Jeffrey Jones ), a sub driver who lost his leg to a drunk driver and is doing teaching at the Naval Academy and consulting with Navy laboratories at Top Secret clearance minimum. Greer calls his assistant and orders a car for Ryan within 10 minutes - revealing that the was caught by satellite in Polyarny Inlet. USS Dallas, Los Angeles Class Attack Sub, 100 Miles Northwest of Polyarny Inlet The sub passes overhead and the film a monitor sonar pingings showing on it, scanning around the room where Seaman Jones ( Courtney B. Vance ) (nicknamed "Jonesy") tutors a younger seaman on the Signal Algorithmic Processing Systems only to find a whale. Chief of the Boat Watson ( Larry Ferguson ) interjects and persuades Jones to talk about a story about Pavarotti. The story is interrupted by a new contact signal, which Jones reports to the Conn. Captain - Cmdr Bart Mancuso ( Scott Glenn ) acknowledges. The film switches to the interior of the Red October, where Borodin notifies Ramius that it is time to open the orders and that the Political Officer, Putin ( Peter Firth ) is in the captain's cabin. Ramius becomes suspicious and hands over Conn to Borodin and investigates to find Putin reading a book about the end of the world, which Putin objects to Ramius owning such a book. Ramius responds that it belonged to his wife and he keeps it for sentimental value. Putin suggests opening the orders. Ramius opens a vault (which requires two keys - which Ramius and Putin carry) and reveals an envelope. The orders are to rendezvous with the Alfa-class submarine Konovalov captained by Tupolev (who was a student of Ramius), where they will test the Caterpillar drive while Tupolev hunts him. They are to return to Polyarny following the test. Putin ambitiously requests permission to post the orders and inform the crew of the mission himself which Ramius reluctantly grants. As Putin turns to leave, Ramius slams him against the table and kills him, telling him that he cannot follow the captain's path. He spills tea on the floor next to Putin's body and calls the doctor to his cabin, while producing a concealed set of orders and burning the original orders. Graving Dock #4, U.S. Naval Shipyards, Patuxent, Maryland Ryan enters a large bay housing an attack submarine with cranes overhead. A worker nearby tosses him a hard hat before he finds Tyler directing work on a DSRV that is being mated with a generic docking collar that is to mate with any sub from any navy force. Ryan shows Tyler the pictures. Tyler quickly recognizes the doors as the caterpillar drive - a "magneto-hydrodynamic" propulsion system that renders the submarine silent by mimicking seismic anomalies. Tyler reminisces about the Cuban missile crisis and mentions that the sub can launch missiles at Washington and New York without anyone noticing. Dr. Yevgeniy Petrov ( Tim Curry ) checks on Captain Ramius as crew members carry Putin's body out of the captain's cabin, worried that Ramius is blaming himself for the "accident". Ramius calls a cook over to witness (along with Petrov) the captain removing the political officer's missile key and keeping it for himself. Petrov objects - suggesting that they report to Red Fleet Command (he also thinks Ramius should return to Polyarny to replace Putin - which Ramius objects saying missions are not canceled because of accidents), but Borodin, handing Ramius a set of orders, mentions that is impossible as orders are for strict radio silence. Ramius dismisses the cook and the doctor - who is unnerved and thinks he should carry the second key to prevent Ramius from arming the missiles on his own. Ramius promises Petrov that he will try to forget the doctor's comments when presenting his report. The cook looks on in suspicion. Jones and Mancuso investigate the new sonar contact, which is identified as a new Typhoon submarine. Mancuso calls "Typhoon 7" (They do not recognize that this is the Red October. The captain orders his XO, Lt Cmdr Thompson (nicknamed "Tommy") ( Anthony Peck ), to work Dallas in closer to the sub. Ramius announces the Red October's orders to the crew - and orders the caterpillar drive engaged and the propeller shut down. Announcing that they will "lay off [the U.S.'s] largest city" before sailing to Havana. The crew sings the Soviet national anthem as the caterpillar engages, resulting in the contact being lost from the Dallas sonar. Ramius orders a course toward 250 and the Sonar officer reports a contact with a Los Angeles submarine. Ramius asks the officer if the sub is attempting to follow to which the officer responds that the sub continues at course 310. Borodin worries about the singing being heard, but Ramius lets the crew enjoy the moment. Mancuso is shocked to find the Dallas lost the Red October and asks for diagnostics on the sonar. Jonesy confirmed that the sonar is working and nervously reports that he thought he heard singing. Red Fleet Political Directorate, Varposki Prospect, Moscow A man, Admiral Yuri Padorin ( Peter Zinner ), walks along a hallway and several Russian military officers stand up to acknowledge as he passes by. He ignores and frustratingly waves them off. His orderly greets him, takes his coat and hat, sets up the tea and notifies him that a letter is on his desk from Marko Ramius. The admiral happily opens the letter and picks up his tea, then slowly drops and spills his tea as he reads the letter. At the shipyard archive, a phone rings until Ryan answers it as Tyler looks on. A quick switch is made to a car dropping Ryan off at the White House where he greets Greer who tells Ryan that the project is no longer about research. Greer reveals he already knows what the doors on the Red October are when Ryan reports the intelligence to Ryan's amazement. He mentions that the captain of the sub (the Dallas) reported it disappearing right in front of them. They are heading to an official briefing of Jeffrey Pelt ( Richard Jordan ), the President's national security adviser, which Ryan is to give. Ryan stands in shock at the assignment, but Greer reassures him that he is the only one that knows the material. Ryan begins the briefing by describing the Red October and that additional Soviet subs and surface ships are preparing to sail at about the time of the Dallas' loss of contact with the Red October. He also talks about Ramius' history. He believed that the Red October is possibly a first strike weapon. Greer believes this may be an exercise but says there the data but a Joint Chief general objects thinking that this may be a move against NATO. Judge Moore reports sensitive information indicating that Ramius posted a letter to Padorin prior to sailing. Ryan recognizes Padorin as an uncle of Ramius' wife. Moore stated that after reading the letter (contents unknown), Padorin ordered the Soviet fleet to sink the Red October. Ryan realizes that Ramius might be trying to defect, but the Army general vehemently objects to this, saying that as an analyst Ryan has no idea what Ramius has in mind. Ryan asserts that because he knows Ramius as a legend and a maverick and that he actually met him. Greer holds him back as Pelt dismisses the Joint Chiefs but asks Ryan to remain. Pelt offers Ryan an opportunity to prove his theory correct and sends him off to make contact with Ramius and capture the Red October while disguising the operation as an inspection. Aboard the Konovalov, Tupolev awaits the arrival of the Red October. He finds a new set of orders and realizes what happened. He orders the crew to set course to intercept the Red October as quickly as possible. Jones listens to sonar recordings to find out what happens to the Red October Petrov is conversing with the Red October's chief engineer in the officer's mess. Ramius glares at him, then silently orders Borodin to escort the talkative doctor out of the room to fetch the latest batch of radiation tests. Borodin locks the door and the remaining officers sit down. Victor Slavin, the Red October's diving officer, requests information on what happened to Putin, but is ignored by Ramius and confronted about his tone. The officers discuss the risk of defecting and what impact on the crew when Ramius announces the letter he dispatched to Padorin announced their intention to defect. The officer's are shocked at this - objecting and realizing that Padorin will hunt down the Red October. Ramius dismisses the officers. Borodin expresses his disagreement about informing Moscow, but Ramius says that it is not Moscow he's worried about, but encountering an American "Buckaroo". Ryan is flying aboard an aircraft encountering severe turbulence that lands on an aircraft carrier while another crewman talks about what happened on a previous flight he had been on. USS Enterprise, The North Atlantic, East of Nova Scotia The aircraft touches down on the flight deck. Ryan follows the Enterprise Captain Charlie Davenport who is escorting him to the cabin of fleet commander R. Adm. Josh Painter ( Fred Thompson ) and lets him know that the "Gentleman" is here to see him. Ryan apologies for the uniform, explaining that it was Greer's idea of a low profile. Painter asks what all the "hubbub" is all about. Tommy and Jonesy propose an idea to Mancuso aboard the Dallas about something Jonesy heard after the Red October disappeared, what the computer called a "magma displacement". Jonesy plays the sound at ten times normal speed and mentions his belief that the sound is definitely man-made and mechanical. He shows a chart with points on it showing it headed toward Thor's Twins - the entrance to "Red Route One" around Iceland. He convinces Mancuso to plot a course toward the end of the route. Ryan, Painter and Davenport discuss Ryan's plans and idea that Ramius is defecting and Davenport protests heavily. Painter also believes the idea of a few days inspection will not work. He asks what they are to do with the crew and what Ramius' plan is, both of which Ryan doesn't know. Once things settle, Painter offers a place to sleep. After Ryan leaves Davenport protests the idea of Ryan wearing the uniform. Painter responds by explaining that Ryan had been a marine who survived a helicopter accident and ultimately left the corps on a medical discharge. Painter felt the Soviets would find the sub first. The Red October begins its navigation of Red Route One. Borodin calls Ramius to report first turn when Ramius himself enters the control room and orders an increase of speed to 26 knots. A shocked Borodin relays a re-computation order to Kamarov, the ship's navigation officer and Slavin protests quietly to Borodin - who ignores him. The Red October successfully navigates the next turn while maintaining the high speed. An explosion rocks the sub - which turns out to be the cryogenic plant failing. Borodin investigates and orders Lt Melekhin to disengage the caterpillar. He calls the captain and states the ship will have to stop to make repairs. Ramius instead orders main engines started at 20 knots - despite the protests of the lack of stealth movement. Soviet ambassador Andrei Lysenko ( Joss Ackland ) is confronted by Pelt, and denies any knowledge of Soviet naval activity. Pelt - concerned about a war breaking out - explains exactly what is happening to the Soviet Ambassador - who admits that the Soviets have lost one of their submarines and are trying to find it because several officers are sons of high party officials. Pelt offers assistance, which Lysenko replies to by saying they are in control of the situation. Bear Foxtrot #692, Soviet Anti-Submarine aircraft, South of Iceland The weapons officer of #692 notices a sonar pingback and radios to the plane's captain. Ramius is explaining to Melekhin about the loss of the caterpillar exposing them to the entire fleet (He does not mention which fleet) when the sonar operator interrupts him with the notice of a turboprop (BF692) flying overhead and the dropping of sonar buoys. Ramius order's battle stations be manned. A torpedo is released from BF692 and acquires lock on the Red October. Ramius ignores the turn at the Neptune Massif and uses it as a shield to avoid the torpedo from destroying the sub. Slavin protests all the way, drawing a relief from duty order from Ramius. A scared crew member asks why the BF was shooting at the Red October and has to be held back by Petrov and calmed by Borodin. Ramius looks around to find concerned looks on all crew members in the conn. Melekhin finds out that someone had intentionally sabotaged the caterpillar by tearing out the buffer circuit and reports to Ramius and Borodin. Realizing the presence of a saboteur, Ramius changes his plans for getting the crew off the sub. Aboard the Enterprise, Ryan ponders what Ramius is planning, wondering how he would have to get a crew to want to get off a nuclear submarine. The word "nuclear" gives him his answer. He tells Painter he knows, but Painter is not ready to listen. Davenport, now at ease with Ryan's uniform, explains the situation that is taking place and the deployment of both Soviet and American ships. A line of Soviet attack subs have lined up along the U.S. east coast, ready to intercept the Red October while Soviet ships and planes are trying to drive Ramius to them. Ryan notices a sub off by itself by Iceland - which Painter explains is the Dallas. Ryan realizes that the sub made contact with the Red October and requests transport to it. The request is difficult at best. Painter and Ryan witness an F-14 crash into the carrier's flight deck after a confrontation with a Bear Foxtrot that damaged the F-14. A helicopter - which was stripped down and turned into a "flying gas can" carries Ryan toward the Dallas. The Dallas reacquires contact with the Red October using Jonesy's theory and follow it. Aboard the Red October, Borodin reports to Ramius in the captain's cabin that they emerged from the turn and have reactivated the caterpillar. The crew now knows of the saboteur and is afraid. Routine clearing of the baffles (also known as Crazy Ivans) are initiated, causing the Dallas to go into silent running. Borodin and Ramius converse plans for their future after handing over the sub to the Americans while both crews endure the first Crazy Ivan. Ramius orders Guards posted in engineering to protect against the Saboteur. Mancuso orders end of silent running after the Red October reemerges in front of them. The radio officer hands orders to him notifying of Ryan's arrival. The Dallas surfaces to meet the helicopter, which lowers Ryan to the sub, but the high wind and rain prevent an easy transfer and injuring Tommy as a result of a collision between him and Ryan. As the helicopter aborts, Ryan disconnects from the tether and falls into the water. Mancuso dispatches a diver to recover him Lysenko demands audience from the U.S. President requesting assistance to destroy Red October saying that Ramius suffered a mental breakdown and the letter he sent to Padorin announced his intention to fire missiles upon the United States. Mancuso learns from Ryan that what he found is the Red October before receiving orders to sink her from central command. The Dallas rigs for red and orders battle stations manned - and reacquires contact with the Red October. Ryan realizes that the Soviets invented the story because they couldn't sink the Red October without any assistance and attempts to convince Mancuso otherwise, nearly being taken prisoner for it. Ryan guesses that the next Crazy Ivan will be to Starboard because he knows Ramius always does so in the bottom half of the hour. Ramius does exactly that, and Mancuso orders a reversal of the engines despite protests from Jonesy that the Red October will hear them. Now that they have "unzipped their fly", Mancuso orders weapons ready and outer tube doors open. The Red October responds equally, except for opening the tube doors. The Red October heads up to Periscope depth. The Dallas follows alongside. Both captains look through their periscopes. Mancuso sends a message to Ramius crafted by Ryan that the U.S is notified of his "intentions" according to Soviet officials and that he should not approach the U.S. or risk attack. Ryan offers the opportunity to discuss options. This confuses Ramius, who orders a single verification ping sent toward Dallas. Mancuso realizes Ramius' true intention and awaits Ryan's next message. Ryan suggests that if Ramius intends defection he should plot a course to south of the Grand Banks. Ryan also admits he didn't know that Ramius would Crazy Ivan to Starboard. Mancuso also bluffs Ryan by saying his Morse is so rusty that he might be sending dimensions on the playmate of the month. Ramius slams the periscope arms in shock - realizing that the Dallas has discovered his true intent. He orders another ping. Mancuso asks what this is about, to which Ryan responds that they will have to ruse the sinking to get the soviets off the Red October's back. Ramius orders a course to the Grand Banks. The Grand Banks, Just north of the Laurentian Abyssal, 20 Hours later Red October's alarms sound and vents spew gas into every room. Melekhin explains that a leak in the primary coolant tube forced shutdown of the caterpillar and ventilation has been disabled. Petrov strongly suggests getting the men outside. Ramius tries to deny sabotage until Borodin agrees with the doctor. Ramius orders surface and evacuation. Borodin stands watch with Binoculars and spots an American frigate to the west of them. The frigate orders the Red October to not submerge or risk being fired upon. Ramius orders Petrov to join the crew while he and the officers dive and scuttle. The frigate fires a warning shot, then launches a helicoptor which drops a torpedo into the water. A hand presses the self-destruct button for the torpedo 300 yards behind the Red October. Greer informs Lt Cmdr Mike Hewitt ( William Bell Sullivan ) that the torpedo hit Red October and he was never present. Tyler orders Dallas to get the DSRV over to the Red October. As Mancuso mutters about the CIA being involved and pointing out "a contradiction in terms", he boards the DSRV, joining Jonesy and Ryan - who gives Mancuso a deadpan look as Mancuso asks how the coffee was. The rescue sub transfers to the Red October while the Ruben James rescues the Red October's crew. After docking, Mancuso, who had readied his own sidearm en-route, offers a gun to Ryan, who reluctantly accepts, believing that Ramius won't change his mind about defecting. Anatoli, the Red October's sonar chief, greets Mancuso and welcomes him, Jonesy and Ryan into the sub's interior, escorting them to the Conn, where Ramius and his officers await them. Borodin orders Melekhin to disarm the flashing lights in the radiation alarm. Ryan asks for a cigarette from Melekhin and smokes it, drawing the ire of both the Soviets and Mancuso. Ramius realizes his worry of a buckaroo after glancing at Mancuso's sidearm - Ryan laughs, explaining to Mancuso such. Ramius asks Mancuso why he fired on the Red October despite no such mention in the message. Ryan explains that this was necessary to maintain the illusion for the Red October crew. He realizes that Ryan sent the signal but asks how Ryan knew that the reactor accident was false. Ryan said it was a logical guess. Tensions relax a bit between the Soviets and the Americans and Ramius requests asylum for him and his officers which Mancuso accepts. A torpedo flies overhead, interrupting them. A Soviet officer believes that the Americans are shooting again, but Jonesy says that the torpedo is Russian because the pitch is too high. Tupolev wonders why the missile did not detonate, and orders adjustment and another torpedo launch. Beaumont reports aboard the Dallas the presence of the new contact, an Alfa-class Soviet submarine (The Konovalov. Ramius engages power on the Red October and the DSRV off the hull. Jonesy and Borodin discover the Konovalov 8000 yards to starboard. Tupelov launches another torpedo. Tommy, now in command of the Dallas, orders battle stations manned of the COB, his acting XO. Aboard the Ruben James, Steiner explains what happens to Greer and Tyler. Ramius orders the Red October to turn into the torpedo's path, closing the distance to prevent arming and eventual break-up. Ramius orders a firing solution, but the saboteur, which stowed aboard during evacuation, shot at and destroyed the fire control, killing Borodin in the process (Borodin took a bullet meant for Ramius). Mancuso returns fire to drive off the traitor. The Saboteur enters the missile bay and begins to rig a missile for self-destruct. Ramius leaves Mancuso in command and goes to intercept. Mancuso offers his sidearm to Ramius and sends Ryan with him. Ramius is injured by the saboteur and Ryan continues his advance to intercept the traitor in the missile bay. Tupolev orders safety ranges set to zero and fires another torpedo. Jonesy recognizes that the torpedo will hit, but the Dallas intercepts the missile and does an emergency surface to save the Red October and drive the torpedo off course. Ryan finally finds the saboteur, discovering him to be the same cook Ramius encountered during the Putin investigation. The cook has no intention of surrendering and Ryan kills him. Ramius and Ryan return to the Conn as the torpedo reacquires the Red October. Mancuso plots a collision course with the Konovalov and plays "chicken" with her, turning just in time to allow the torpedo destroy the Konovalov. Back in Washington, Pelt explains to Lysenko that recovery is difficult and return of the crew to the Soviets. Lysenko explains that the Soviets lost a second sub (The Konovalov). Pelt responds with mock surprise at the news. Penobscot River, North of Searsport, Maine Ramius, Ryan, Mancuso and Melekhin stand on the Bridge of the Red October reminiscing about the past and future and hide the Red October in the Penobscot River, 100 miles from the nearest base. It was in an area that Ryan grew up. Ramius queries Ryan on why he didn't ask why this happened. Ramius intended to take away a first-strike weapon from the Soviets. Ryan flies back to London, having bought Stanley's "brother" and sleeps peacefully despite the turbulence. 
 Volcano (1997)651) A volcano erupts in downtown Los Angeles and a city official and a seismologist try to stop its inevitable flow through the city. Something unspeakably chilling is ultimately starting to heat up at The City of Los Angeles! Beneath the famed La Brea Tar Pits, a raging volcano has formed, raining a storm of deadly fire bombs and an endless tide of white-hot lava upon the stunned city! Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> In the city of Los Angeles, it is nice quiet and routine. Until an earthquake occurred. The director of the city's emergency management, Michael Roark believes that something big is about to happen, so he finds a geologist named Amy Barnes to help him investigate. What they will realize that the earthquake is a sign of a volcano forming in the city. The volcano formed at the La Brea Tarpits. Now Roark has to use every resource in the city to stop the volcano from consuming Los Angeles. John Wiggins Fearing the worst, the geologist Dr Amy Barnes warns the citizens of downtown Los Angeles of an impending disaster after a tremendous earthquake takes them by surprise. With clear signs of an underground volcanic formation beneath the La Brea Tar Pits, the chief of the city's Office of Emergency Management department, Mike Roark, begins an investigation against the clock, when molten magma erupts, obliterating everything in its path. Can two mere mortals stand up against nature's wrath? Nick Riganas After a seemingly minor earthquake one night in Los Angeles, a giant burst of lava is released from the La Brea Tar Pits, resulting in the birth of a new volcano under the city. City officials are reluctant to believe scientists who notice the early warning signs (the temperature of a lake rises 6 degrees in 12 hours) but they learn their lesson when lava begins to spill out into the streets and to destroy buildings and cars. Dedicated Emergency Management director Mike Roark rushes to the rescue, with help from a plucky seismologist. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Los Angeles, California, an earthquake rocks the city. Michael Roark, the director of the Office of Emergency Management (OEM) witnesses about the earthquake on the news and insists on coming to work, although he has been on vacation with his dog Max and 15-year-old daughter Kelly. Unwilling to leave Kelly and Max unsupervised, Michael calls for a babysitter to have his daughter and dog under intensive supervision in case any further happenings occur. His associate, Emmit Reese, tells Michael that the magnitude did not cause much damage. At MacArthur Park, two construction workers clash with a female police officer until a rush of yellow mustard gas ambushes one utility worker, eventually burning him to death. Michael goes to the park to see that a total of seven utility workers were burned to death by the mustard gas, and intends to shut down the subway lines that run parallel from the sewer as a precaution. The CEO of the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA), Stan Olber, opposes, feeling that it poses no threat to the subways. Against city regulations, Michael alongside with Gator Harris explore the sewer, where the mustard gas reacted earlier. They take samples, but a reading on Gator's meter obtains evidence that there is indeed a steam pit that releases the mustard gases. The sewer heats up, burning rats to death, and forcing Michael and Gator to leave the sewer, although they are barely able to shut a hatcher door just before the mustard gas gets to them. Once out of the sewer, Michael is desperate to recruit someone who may know about the evidence of what has been happening lately. Me meets geologist Dr. Amy Barnes, who theorizes that a volcano and magma may be forming underground. Overtime, water at the La Brea Tar Pits begins to boil, sinking an elephant statue in the process. The next morning, at around 5:15 A.M. PST, Dr. Barnes and her assistant Rachael explore the sewer, where Michael and Gator explored earlier, to take some samples. At that time, another earthquake strikes the city, twice as powerful than the previous one. In the process, a mass transit train is derailed in a subway, leaving the driver and the passengers exposed to unstable oxygen and intense heat. With Michael and Kelly venturing the streets, they witness steam sending sewer lids flying and a dangerous ash cloud flowing from the tar pits, releasing lava meteors that ignite several buildings. One lava meteor strikes a fire engine, trapping one and leaving the other one with a skull fracture. Dr. Jaye Calder, who is responsible for duties at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, tends to the downed firefighters, while Michael joins the effort, inadvertently leaving Kelly in the car. After another quake, a newly formed underground volcano begins to erupt, releasing lava that simply destroys and incinerates everything in its path. Kelly pleas for her father's help, but a lava meteor blocks her escape and burns her right leg. Michael saves Kelly and is eager to leap to safety just before his vehicle is swallowed by the lava flow. The lava flows heads into the path of the fire engine that was downed by a lava meteor previously. The trapped fireman pleas for help, only for his co-worker too late to save him as both firemen are burned to death as the fire engine is taken away. The lava reaches a propane tank trailer, triggering a massive explosion. Dr. Calder examines Kelly's burned leg and takes Kelly with her, while Michael stays behind to convince other city workers about the ensuing chaos. The lava flow reaches Stanley Avenue, burning several homes in the process, and a dog from one home narrowly escapes. Dr. Barnes, having survives the chaos in the sewer, witnesses the newly formed underground volcano, and eventually joins forces with Michael. The duo and several municipal workers push a bus in an effort to deflect the lava flow. Michael and Dr. Barnes hear the hiccups of a man, bring him to safety, until their path is blocked by a downed tree. The only way out is a ladder from a fire engine, but as too much weight and fire engulfs the ladder, it narrowly evades the lava flow, but breaks. Michael, Dr. Barnes, and the struggling man survive. The bus move is a success, directing the lava flow in a different direction. As city workers enter this war against mothernature, a mischievous black man named Kevin pleas for help by the fire chief, but seemingly harassing him in the process, police officer Terry Jasper puts Kevin in handcuffs. Stanley and his MTA team venture in the subway and find the derailed train. They pry the train door open to search for survivors on board. One MTA worker witnesses a lava flow from underneath the train, meaning that the team must remove the bodies off the train fast, but Stanley thinks that the driver is still missing, and goes to find him. He finds the driver and tries to jump out of the train, only too late to land into the lava flow. Stanley throws the driver to safety and his swallowed to death by the lava flow. Michael meets Police Lieutenant Ed Fox, who both agree and plan to stack a set of concrete barriers by the intersection of Wilshire Boulevard and Fairfax Avenue, which creates a cul-de-sac to stop the lava in its tracks. Several people lift some of the barriers themselves, but prove to be too heavy. The arrested Kevin decides to help out, and police officer Bud McVie removes the handcuffs from him. Knowing that is tall and strong, Kevin helps the others lift the last concrete barrier to complete the lower stack. Meanwhile, at the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, Kelly is there being treated and watching other children, while Dr. Calder continues to tend to injured patients, much to her husband Norman's displeasure. The lava is then stopped as the concrete barriers block the way. A fleet of helicopters drop high pressure water gathered from the Pacific Ocean, which subdues the volcano and cools and hardens the lava. At sunrise, those who battled against the lava flow celebrate, but Dr. Barnes predicts that the lava and magma may be forming from a vent, which means that the main eruption could occur at the end near Red Line close to Beverly Center. With only 30 minutes to spare, Michael and Dr. Barnes lower a video camera into a tunnel, which is destroyed by an incoming lava flow. With enough evidence, the duo go to the west side of city to order an evacuation. Kelly is relocated to the Hard Rock Cafe, where she tried to find a small boy named Tommy, who wandered off. As Michael and a SWAT team rig various areas with explosives, steam flows from the sewer, and another eruption occurs, sending various residents into a panicking frenzy. As Lieutenant Fox gives orders to activate the explosives, the explosives open a gap in the road and bring down a condominium building, where Gator and another officer inputted the last explosive charge and both perish in the process. As the building collapses, Michael spots Kelly and Tommy in the direct path of the downing building, but narrowly saves both of them. The lava is then directed towards the Pacific Ocean, cooled and hardened in the process. As survivors have a sigh of relief, Michael emerges from the building's wreckage with Kelly and Tommy by his side. In the aftermath, more than 100 people have died, thousands injured, and billions of dollars in damages. Michael witnesses that his dog Max has survived the chaos and explains in front of Emmit that he is on vacation after all. In the epilogue, with "I Lova L.A." by Randy Newman playing, the underground volcano is dubbed "Mount Wilshire". 