nm0003578:

 The Unseen (I) (2010)Summaries When Scott takes Trisha on a drive, she is skeptical when he pulls up at an old abandoned farmhouse. He has heard rumors of a cool hangout and his curiosity gets the best of him when he opens the door and just walks in. Trisha is troubled when she sees a little girl that vanishes before her eyes, but when she makes it inside, this old house doesn't seem so abandoned...everything is in place, just - no people. It's as if the family living there has just recently gone out and might be back at any moment...they've just disappeared. Scott finds Native American relics and becomes more and more entranced in the mystery of the house, so, of course, he is ecstatic when he finds a working video camera and starts reviewing the tapes. He sees a family member filming his family in an otherwise harmless video. But as he continues to watch, he notices that these videos are more and more sinister. When the battery dies, Scott leaves Trisha inside to plug the camera into his truck and continue watching. Who is filming? Why are they hidden in the woods? What is he seeing?! He will begin to wish he had never discovered the house, the camera or the unseen dark secrets. Philip Ilami It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pale Blue Moon (2002)Summaries John Lefsburg, a small town detective, has lost his will to live. Demoted to mundane duties, he is assigned to transport a homeless man, Simon Applewhite, to a psychiatric ward in the nearby city of Madison. Simon claims that aliens are invading the earth from the moon. His mission is to kill media mogul Frank Coen, who Simon believes is an alien staging an invasion to destroy the human race. Through a series of mishaps, John's and Simon's lives become intertwined and both must help each other in order to reconcile their troubles. Anonymous In Gibbings, Texas, the delusional Simon Applewhite is interrogated by two detectives and he tells nonsense sentences about an alien invasion. He tells that he was abducted when he was a child by the aliens Morgons a.k.a. Moonies that always come in threes, never in twos or fours or alone, from the dark side of the moon. People should not look them in the eyes and the aliens communicate to the moon using the radio tower. Further, they can be identified through their right nipples. Detective John Lefsburg, who lost his daughter and has an unbalanced wife, is assigned to take Simon to a mental institution in Madison. Along their troubled journey, Simon tells that the powerful Frank Coen is the ambassador of the aliens. Simon escapes from John and kidnaps the goddaughter of Frank. Along his journey with Simon, Detective Lefsburg learns the truth about the Moonies. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hinterland (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Portrait of an American Family (2017)Summaries What happens when the price of happiness becomes too great to pay? This feature is a dark drama about the destruction of the American family through the greed of the me-first society in which we live. At first glance, the Petersons are the perfect family: one son is at the top of his class, another is a respected police officer, their sister with musical ambitions that are just taking flight, and even the father, a hard working lab technician. However, a deeper look finds that there is discord throughout as tensions, misfortune and distrust begin to tear them apart. With questionable intentions, one son devises a scheme for a quick payday at his brother's 'consenting' expense. Things go horribly awry when the unfortunate ramifications of their actions lead directly back to the family - in a far-reaching domino-effect that they could never have imagined. Philip Ilami, manager/publicist It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 