nm0001029:

 Outlander (2008)321) During the reign of the Vikings, Kainan, a man from a far-off world, crash lands on Earth, bringing with him an alien predator known as the Moorwen. Though both man and monster are seeking revenge for violence committed against them, Kainan leads the alliance to kill the Moorwen by fusing his advanced technology with the Viking's Iron Age weaponry. In 709 A.D., in the Iron Age, a spacecraft crashes in the Viking kingdom of Herot, Norway, and the pilot Kainan (Jim Caviezel) survives. He turns the beacon on; learns the language and culture of the planet using a machine; and finds that the predator, Moorwen, that he was transporting, had escaped. While chasing the alien monster, he finds a village completely destroyed and is arrested by the warrior Wulfric (Jack Huston), believing that he killed the locals. Kainan is brought to Herot as a prisoner. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Outlander begins with a spacecraft streaking across the sky. The ship lands in a lake situated around the local fjords of ancient Norway during the time of the Vikings 709AD. From its wreckage emerge two bitter enemies: One) a soldier from another world that speaks Icelandic and states that he came from an Island to the North Kainan and two) a bloodthirsty creature known as the Moorwen. Man and creature both seek revenge for violence committed against them. Before he has a chance to track down the alien, Kainan the Outlander is captured by a Viking warrior, and is held prisoner in the local village led by King Rothgar. As the Moorwen ravages the Viking lands, killing everything in its path, Kainan forms an alliance with the primitive but fierce warriors. Whilst trying to hunt for the Moorwen, war brews among the Vikings, which culminated with both sides taking immense losses. As the enemy Vikings retreat into the forests, the Moorwen strikes, leaving the vikings no choice but to run for help to their once close enemies. Together, the two sides attempt to destroy the Moorwen as a single band of Vikings. The Vikings thus construct a pit filled with oil to lure the Moorwen inside and plan to ignite the fuel, burning the Moorwen, with the help of Kainan. The plan to incinerate the Moorwen fails, leaving the village to take massive casualties, and with the surprise that the Moorwen had given birth to a new, younger Moorwen, which surprises the Vikings from behind and kills the Viking Leader in the process. This leaves the villages in fear and its warriors demoralised, most of the vikings leave the village in search of a new home and safety. Kainan and the remaining loyal warriors stand together to destroy the Moorwen. Kainan realizes from the last battle, that the Moorwen is almost impenetrable with the current metals used, and assists the Vikings by salvaging pieces of his crashed spacecraft and forging weapons capable of harming the creature. After a harrowing journey, the Vikings and Kainan confront the Moorwen in caves under the village where it is finally defeated. Kainan then destroys a homing beacon he set at the start of the film, deciding to remain on Earth as King of the tribe rather than return to his homeland. 
 The Passion of the Christ (2004)761) Depicts the final twelve hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth, on the day of his crucifixion in Jerusalem. A depiction of the last twelve hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth, on the day of his crucifixion in Jerusalem. The story opens in the Garden of Olives where Jesus has gone to pray after the Last Supper. Betrayed by Judas Iscariot, the controversial Jesus--who has performed 'miracles' and has publicly announced that he is 'the Son of God'--is arrested and taken back within the city walls of Jerusalem. There, the leaders of the Pharisees confront him with accusations of blasphemy; subsequently, his trial results with the leaders condemning him to his death. Jesus is brought before Pontius Pilate, the prefect of the Roman province of Judaea, for his sentencing. Pilate listens to the accusations leveled at Jesus by the Pharisees. Realizing that his own decision will cause him to become embroiled in a political conflict, Pilate defers to King Herod in deciding the matter of how to persecute Jesus. However, Herod returns Jesus to Pilate who, in turn, gives the crowd a choice between which prisoner they would rather to see set free--Jesus, or Barrabas. The crowd chooses to have Barrabas set free. Thus, Jesus is handed over to the Roman soldiers and is brutally flagellated. Bloody and unrecognizable, he is brought back before Pilate who, once again, presents him to the thirsty crowd--assuming they will see that Jesus has been punished enough. The crowd, however, is not satisfied. Thus, Pilate washes his hands of the entire dilemma, ordering his men to do as the crowd wishes. Whipped and weakened, Jesus is presented with the cross and is ordered to carry it through the streets of Jerusalem, all the way up to Golgotha. There, more corporal cruelty takes place as Jesus is nailed to the cross--suffering, he hangs there, left to die. Initially, in his dazed suffering, Jesus is alarmed that he has been abandoned by God his father. He then beseeches God. At the moment of his death, nature itself over-turns. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In Jerusalem, against the backdrop of turmoil around the biblical 33 A.D., Jesus of Nazareth, a supposedly seditious local, is captured in the dead of night at the Garden of Gethsemane, after the betrayal of his disciple, Judas Iscariot. Tried by the Pharisees and turned over to the high priests and the angry mob after Pontius Pilate, the doubtful Roman governor, has washed his hands of the matter of Jesus' freedom, the Son of God has to carry His cross to Golgotha to be crucified. During His final twelve hours on earth, Christ endured extreme suffering, torture, and, ultimately, death in reparation for our sins, only to rise from the dead on the third day. Nick Riganas Mel Gibson's well-publicized production The Passion of the Christ concerns the last 12 hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth. The dialogue is spoken in the ancient Aramaic language, along with Latin and Hebrew. In the Garden of Gethsemane near the Mount of Olives, Jesus (James Caviezel) is betrayed by Judas Iscariot (Luca Lionello). Jesus is condemned to death for blasphemy and brought before Pontius Pilate (Hristo Naumov Shopov), the Roman governor of Judea, for sentencing. The roaring crowd demand his death, so Pilate orders his crucifixion. Jesus is severely beaten and made to carry his cross up to Golgotha, the hill outside Jerusalem, where he is nailed to the cross. Romanian theatrical actress Maia Morgenstern plays Mary, Mother of God, and Italian superstar Monica Bellucci plays Mary Magdalene. The Passion of The Christ focusses on the last twelve hours of Jesus of Nazareth's life. The film begins in the Garden of Gethsemane where Jesus has gone to pray after sitting the Last Supper. Jesus must resist the temptations of Satan. Betrayed by Judas Iscariot, Jesus is then arrested and taken within the city walls of Jerusalem where leaders of the Pharisees confront him with accusations of blasphemy and his trial results in a condemnation to death. Adam Ward This film depicts the final hours of Jesus Christ, starting from His prayers in the Garden of Gethsemane and His betrayal at the hands of Judas Iscariot. It goes on to show the trials He endured under Pontius Pilate and King Herod as well as the torture and ridicule He suffered in between. Once the death sentence is pronounced, He carries a heavy wooden cross to Golgotha amidst throngs of jeering citizens and horrendous beatings, while a few citizens do what they can to help Him. Throughout this time, we are shown memories from His past with His mother and Disciples, where He gives His teachings. Finally, He is crucified, dies, and is buried, but resurrects from the dead on the third day. Curly Q. Link Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in Gethsemane in 'medias res as' in the dead of night some hours after the last supper. Jesus prays and is tempted by Satan, while his apostles, Peter, James, and John sleep. After receiving thirty pieces of silver from the highly feared Jewish priests of the Temple in Jerusalem, one of Jesus' other apostles, Judas Iscariot, tells them the location where his teacher is and the priests send a contingent of guards to arrest Jesus for heresy. In the woods outside Gethsemane, Judas approaches with the temple guards and betrays Jesus with a kiss on his cheek. As the guards move in to arrest Jesus, Peter intervenes and attacks them, cutting off the ear of Malchus, one of the guards, but Jesus tells Peter to stop with the violence and magically heals Malchus' ear. The temple guards arrest Jesus and the rest of the apostles flee. John runs and tells Jesus' mother, Mary, as well as Mary Magdalene of the arrest, and Peter follows Jesus at a distance who is severely beaten by the Temple guards on their way back to Jerusalem. At the Jewish Temple, the head priest, Caiaphas, holds a trial of Jesus over the objection of some of the other priests, who are expelled from the court. When questioned by Caiaphas whether he is the son of God, Jesus replies "I am". Caiaphas is horrified and tears his robes, and Jesus is condemned to death for blasphemy. Upon entering the Temple, Peter is confronted by a mob of Jewish spectators who recognize him being one of Jesus followers and confront him. Three times Peter denies knowing Jesus, but then runs away sobbing at his cowardice. Meanwhile, the remorseful Judas attempts to return the money in order have Jesus freed, but he is refused by the priests. Tormented by demons and his guilt, he flees the city and hangs himself with a rope from a dead donkey at dawn. Caiaphas brings Jesus before Pontius Pilate, the local Roman governor of Judea, to be condemned to death. But after questioning Jesus, the Latin-speaking Pilate (who is fluent in Jesus' native Aramaic language) finds no reason to convict him after he is told by his wife, Claudia, about a bad dream she had the night before about condemning a holy man to death. So instead, Pilate sends Jesus to the court of King Herod Antipas, as Jesus is from Herod's ruling town of Nazareth. After Jesus is returned, Pilate offers the crowd that he will chastise Jesus for heresy and then will set him free. Pilate attempts to have Jesus freed by giving the people an option of freeing Jesus or the violent criminal Barabbas. To Pilate's dismay, the hostile and religious crowd demands to have Barabbas freed and Jesus killed. In an attempt to appease the crowd, Pilate has Jesus brutally scourged and mocked with a crown of thorns, yet the crowd continues to demand that Jesus be crucified. Faced with a citywide riot, Pilate is left with no choice but to reluctantly order Jesus' crucifixion. As Jesus carries the cross along the Via Dolorosa to Calvary, Veronica wipes Jesus' bloodied face with her veil until the Roman guards grab her and shove her on her way. Simon of Cyrene is unwillingly pressed into carrying the cross for Jesus, who by this time is too weak to carry the large wooden cross by himself. On a hill outside Jerusalem called Golgotha (Aramaic for 'Hill of Skulls'), Jesus is then crucified with his wrists and feet nailed to the cross. One criminal that is crucified next to him mock him for being now helpless and unable to do anything. At mid afternoon, as he hangs from the cross, Jesus prays forgiveness for those who did this to him, and redeems one of the criminals crucified next to him. After Jesus gives up his spirit and dies, a single drop of rain falls from the sky, triggering an earthquake which destroys the Temple and rips the cloth covering the Holy of Holies in two, to the horror of Caiaphas and the other priests. Satan is then shown screaming in defeat. The Roman soldiers then kill the two criminals by breaking their legs, while one of them thrusts a spear into Jesus' chest to make sure that he is dead. Jesus is brought down from the cross as Mary and Mary Magdalene weep for him. In the final scene, Jesus then rises from the dead as he leaves his tomb where his is buried with the wounds in his hands, feet, and side still visible. 
 The Thin Red Line (1998)541) Adaptation of James Jones ' autobiographical 1962 novel, focusing on the conflict at Guadalcanal during the second World War. U.S. Army Private Witt (AWOL) is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company First Sergeant, Welsh.The men of C Company,1st Battalion,27th Infantry Regiment,25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position. Their task is to capture the hill at all costs. What happens next is a story of redemption and the meaninglessness of war. Regardless of the outcome. Frank Liesenborgs / Hans Delbruck In World War II, the outcome of the battle of Guadalcanal will strongly influence the Japanese advance into the Pacific theater. A group of young soldiers are brought in as a relief for the battle-weary Marines. The exhausting fight for a strategically-positioned airfield that allows control over a 1000-mile radius puts the men of the Army rifle company C-for-Charlie through hell. The horrors of war form the soldiers into a tight-knit group; their emotions develop into bonds of love and even family. The reasons for this war get further away as the world for the men gets smaller and smaller until their fighting is for mere survival and the life of the other men with them. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> In 1943, the first major U.S. offensive of World War II is drawing to a close on the South Pacific island of Guadalcanal. To put an end to this campaign, the United States Army arrives with a full division of troops and equipment, deployed to break the last resistence of the Japanese. The exploits of this Division are seen from a number of perspectives amongst the soldiers; to include a war weary Sergeant, a power hungry Colonel, a Private who has known only desertion and AWOL, and a Company Commander is struggling with his abilities as a leader. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1942, U.S. Army Private Witt (Jim Caviezel), is AWOL from his unit and living with the easy-going and seemingly carefree Melanesian natives in the South Pacific. He is found and imprisoned on a troop carrier by his company NCO, First Sergeant Welsh (Sean Penn). In Welsh's conversation with Witt, it is clear that the private is unenthusiastic about serving in the army. The men of C Company, 25th Infantry Division have been brought to Guadalcanal as reinforcements in the campaign to secure Henderson Field and seize the island from the Japanese. As they wait in the holds of a Navy transport ship, they contemplate their lives and the impending invasion. On deck, battalion commander Lieutenant Colonel Tall (Nick Nolte) talks with his commanding officer, Brigadier General Quintard (John Travolta), about the invasion and its importance with Tall going ashore with C Company while Quintard will remain on the ship. Tall's voice-over reveals that he has been passed over for promotion and this battle may be his last chance to command a victorious operation. C Company lands on Guadalcanal unopposed and marches to the interior of the island, encountering natives and evidence of the Japanese presence and tactics: the mutilated corpses of intercepted Marines and Rangers scouts. They arrive near Hill 210, a key Japanese position near Henderson airfield. The Japanese have placed a bunker housing several machine guns at the top of the hill, giving them full view of the valley below. Any force attempting to climb the hill can be easily cut down by machine-gun fire and mortar rounds. A brief shelling of the hill begins the next day at dawn. Shortly after, C Company attempts to take the hill and is repelled by gunfire from the bunker. Among the first killed in the battle is the leader of the attacking platoon, Second Lieutenant Whyte (Jared Leto). During the battle, Lieutenant Colonel Tall orders the company commander, Captain Staros (Elias Koteas), to take the bunker by frontal assault, at whatever cost. Staros refuses, unwilling to treat his men as cannon fodder. When the two reach a stalemate, Tall decides to join Staros on the front line to see the situation for himself. By the time he arrives, the Japanese resistance seems to have lessened, and Tall's opinion of Staros seems to have been sealed. Meanwhile, during the battle, Private Witt, having been assigned punitively as a stretcher bearer, asks to rejoin the company, and is permitted to do so. A small detachment of men perform a reconnaissance mission on Tall's orders to determine the strength of the Japanese bunker. Private Bell (Ben Chaplin) reports back that there are five machine guns in the bunker. He joins another small detachment of men, led by Captain Gaff (John Cusack), on a flanking mission to take the bunker. The operation is a success and C Company stands poised to overrun one of the last Japanese strongholds on the island. They are successful in this regard; the Japanese they find are largely malnourished and dying, and put up little resistance. For their efforts the men are given a week's leave, although not all of them are able to enjoy it fully. The airfield where they are based comes under Japanese artillery bombardment; Bell, who longs to return to his wife, receives a letter from her, informing him that she has fallen in love with someone else and wishes to divorce; much to his surprise, Captain Staros is relieved of his command by Lieutenant Colonel Tall, who deems him too soft for the pressures of combat and suggests that he apply for reassignment and become a lawyer in the JAG in Washington DC. Meanwhile, Witt comes across the Melanesians and notices that they have suddenly grown more distrustful of him and quarrel regularly with one another. Some weeks later, the company is sent on patrol up a river but with the indecisive and inexperienced 1st Lieutenant George Band (Paul Gleeson) at its head. As Japanese artillery falls close to their positions, Band orders several men to scout upriver, with Witt volunteering to go along. They encounter an advancing Japanese column and are attacked. To buy time for Private Fife (Adrien Brody) to go back and inform the rest of the unit, Witt draws away the Japanese but is then encircled by one of their squads, who demand that he surrender. In a moment of bliss and internal calm, he raises his rifle and is gunned down. The company is able to retreat safely. Witt's dead body is later found and buried by Welsh and his squad mates. Sometime later, a few days before Christmas of December 1942, C Company receives a new commanding officer, Captain Bosche (George Clooney), who gives an impassive speech to the Marines about them being a family with him as the father figure. A little later in the final scene, Sgt. Welsh, Pvt. Fife, Lt. Band, Pvt. Bell and the rest of the surviving members of C Company board a waiting LCT which evacuates them from Guadalcanal. 
 Frequency (2000)541) An accidental cross-time radio link connects father and son across 30 years. The son tries to save his father's life, but then must fix the consequences. A rare atmospheric phenomenon allows a New York City firefighter to communicate with his son 30 years in the future via HAM radio. The son uses this opportunity to warn the father of his impending death in a warehouse fire, and manages to save his life. However, what he does not realize is that changing history has triggered a new set of tragic events, including the murder of his mother. The two men must now work together, 30 years apart, to find the murderer before he strikes so that they can change history--again. <jgp3553@excite.com> Thirty-six year old homicide detective John Sullivan lives in the same Queens, New York house in which he grew up with his firefighter father Frank Sullivan and nurse mother Julia Sullivan. Frank died on October 12, 1969 (when John was only six) on duty in a warehouse fire. Despite Frank dying when John was so young, John remembers his father well as he has a keepsake book of photos and news clippings about Frank, who was a huge Mets fan. Almost thirty years to the day of Frank's death, John finds Frank's old ham radio, which Frank used to use all the time to speak to people around the world. A discussion about the 1969 World Series with the first person he makes contact with on the radio makes John ultimately come to the realization that he is speaking to his father who is using the exact same ham radio and sitting at the exact same desk in the exact same house exactly thirty years earlier. Although they don't know the reason for being able to contact each other, John tries to use whatever knowledge he has to help his father, especially in averting the cause of his death. But John and Frank learn that knowledge is a powerful tool which can result in both good and bad as John works on a "new" thirty year old on-going case of murdered nurses, the case coined the "Nightingale murders" which has a personal connection to the Sullivan family. Huggo John Sullivan (Caviezel) is a New York City homicide officer who is traumatized for 30 years following the death of his father, Frank (Quaid), After finding Frank's HAM radio, John begins talking to Frank, 30 years into the future. Together, they change the past but have to find a way to stop a serial killer from murdering John's Mom & Frank's wife with a 30 year gap. Ryan Harder <hotshotharder@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It is October 1969. Frank Sullivan is a New York City firefighter, and a devoted husband and father. His wife, Julia, is a nurse who works at a local hospital. His son, John, is six years old; Frank calls him Little Chief. They share a passion for baseball, especially the Amazing Mets, and plan to watch the 1969 World Series together on TV. Frank's best friend is an African-American cop named Satch; John's is a boy his own age named Gordo. When not fighting fires and spending time with his family, Frank's hobby is ham radio. Fast-forward to October 1999. John is now a New York City policeman; Satch is either his supervisor or his partner. Gordo is still his best friend, but is now married. John is still single, and his girlfriend, Samantha, has just walked out on him. He still lives in the family home in Queens; his mother lives nearby and still works as a nurse, but his father has been dead for 30 years, killed while fighting a warehouse fire. The thirtieth anniversary of that tragedy is coming up, and Julie, Satch, and Gordo are all aware of how hard that is on John. John and Satch are currently occupied with a case called the Nightingale murders, where three nurses were murdered by a serial killer in 1968 and 1969. The case was never solved, but one of the bodies has just been found, and the investigation has been reopened. As part of the investigation, John visits and interviews an elderly couple, Mr. and Mrs. Sheppard, who live near where the body was discovered. Mrs. Sheppard is a retired nurse. Mr. & Mrs. Sheppard had a son, named Jack. Jack was a New York City Detective. 30 years ago, Jack died at a hospital. While Gordo and his family are visiting, they find Frank's old ham radio and set it up. After Gordo and crew leave, John begins to try out the radio, and through a strange atmospheric phenomenon, contacts his father thirty years in the past. Both are skeptical at first; John thinks it is Gordo playing a joke, while Frank thinks it is someone planning to do his family harm and becomes somewhat angry. John is the first to realize that he is actually talking to his father through time, and tries unsuccessfully to convince him. In the process, he describes the outcome of the first World Series game, which in Frank's time is to take place the next day. He also warns him that he is about to die in a warehouse fire, gives the name of the warehouse, and tells him that he died because he followed his instincts, but if he had gone the other way he would have made it. Afterwards, Frank remains skeptical, but he can't help but notice the next day that the World Series game goes exactly as the man purporting to be his son said it would. Then he is called to a fire, and it turns out to be exactly the same warehouse in which the man purporting to be his son said he died. Trapped on the top floor of the inferno, he is trying to take what seems to be the only sensible escape route, when he remembers John's words that if he had gone the other way he would have made it. He turns around and goes the opposite way, and survives. Back in 1999, John is out drinking with Satch and Gordo, who are trying to help him get through the difficult thirtieth anniversary. John begins to have a muddle of conflicting memories, including those of later childhood and adolescence and even his early years on the police force, with his father there. He tells his friends, as though realizing it for the first time (which he is), that his father didn't die in a fire. They look at him incredulously; they all know that Frank died of lung cancer just ten years ago in 1989. John discovers that he has two sets of memories. He can remember life with his father subsequent to the fire, but he also remembers what life was like when he believed that his father had been killed thirty years before. This is not true of anyone else. Satch and Gordo, for example, have changed instantly, suddenly having no recollection of Frank having died in a fire; it is as though they have always known that he lived another twenty years and died ten years ago. Later that evening, John makes contact with his father again. This time there is no skepticism on Frank's part, and they spend some time getting reacquainted. Later, Frank, excited just to be alive, visits Julia at the hospital. While they are talking, she spots the doctor about to administer medication to a patient to whom she had given different medication earlier, points out his error, and Julia saves Jack Sheppard's life. That night (in 1999), John is haunted by still another set of new memories, this time of attending a funeral with his father, without his mother. The next day he discovers that his mother simply does not exist anymore. At work, the Nightingale case suddenly involves ten victims instead of three (Satch cannot understand why John would think it had ever been just three), and John discovers to his horror that one of the victims was his mother. Julia was the sixth woman, who got killed by the Nightingale Killer. John tells Frank that Julia died 30 years ago. Since Julia was working at the hospital last night, John says that Julia wasn't supposed to be at the hospital last night. If Frank died in the Warehouse fire last night, then Julia wouldn't have been at the hospital last night. John says, "Dad, you need to stop the Nightingale Killer from killing the other women including mom." Their hope is that Frank, armed with details of each murder before it happens, will be able to prevent the murders and catch the killer. John gives Frank the information about the 4th woman/victim, who got killed by the Nightingale Killer. Frank goes to a bar, strikes up a conversation with the 4th victim and effectively keeps her from leaving & it means that the 4th victim doesn't die. John realizes that the Nightingale Killer killed 9 women only. John gives Frank the information about the 4th woman, who got killed by the Nightingale Killer. The 5th victim's in a bar. Frank's also at the same bar. While Frank's in the bathroom, Jack comes into the bathroom & Jack attacks Frank. Frank doesn't know that the man's name is Jack Sheppard. It's revealed that the Nightingale Killer's Jack. Jack knocks out Frank. Jack steals Frank's license. When Frank wakes up, Frank goes to the 5th victim's apartment & Frank realizes that the woman's dead. Frank explains to John what has happened, and John tells him to hide the wallet in a place where it won't be discovered for thirty years. As soon as Frank hides it, John retrieves it. Later he is able to match the fingerprints with Jack Sheppard. John doesn't tell anyone that the Nightingale Killer's none other than Jack Sheppard. If Frank died in the warehouse fire 30 years ago, then Julia would've left the hospital and Jack would've died at the hospital. If Jack died at the hospital, then Jack wouldn't have been able to kill more than three women. Since Frank didn't die in the warehouse fire, Julia stayed at the hospital and Julia saved Jack's life. Even though Frank didn't die in the warehouse fire, John wishes that Jack still died at the hospital. John pays another visit to the Sheppards. Mr. Shepard is alive. Mrs. Sheppard was murdered by the Nightingale Killer 30 years ago. Mrs. Sheppard was the last woman, who got killed by the Nightingale Killer. Jack doing private investigation, having left the police force after being involved with some corruption. John finds the present-day Jack Shepard in a bar, and tells him cryptically that he is going down, thirty years ago. When John tells Frank that the Nightingale Killer's Jack Sheppard, Satch shows up at Frank's house in 1969. Satch tells Frank that Frank's license was at the Nightingale Killer's 4th victim's apartment. Satch reluctantly arrests Frank for the Killer's 4th victim's murder. When Frank & Satch are inside the Interrogation Room, Satch doesn't believe that Frank was using his ham radio to contact John who's in the Future. Frank predicts some details of the current game which is part of 1969 World Series. Satch leaves Frank in his cell and goes to talk to Julia. Satch & Julia go to another place where people drink coffee. Frank's shocked when Jack enters the Interrogation Room. When Satch's partner enters the Interrogation Room, Jack & Satch's partner leave the Interrogation Room. Satch's partner is wondering why Jack entered the Interrogation Room. Jack says, "I entered the Interrogation Room because I thought that you needed some help." Frank plans to electrocute Jack when Jack comes back to the Interrogation Room. When Jack returns, Frank electrocutes Jack. Jack's unconscious. Frank also knocking out all the electricity in the police station. Frank then starts a fire which activates the building's sprinkler system. Frank steals Jack's license. As everyone flees the building, and with Jack lying face-down in a pool of water, Frank is able to calmly leave the cell. Jack never closed the door. Frank steals the file that has evidence against Frank. Frank calmly leaves the Police Station. Satch says, "Frank's saying that he was using his radio to contact John who's in the Future." Julia doesn't believe that Frank was using his radio to contact John, who's in the Future. Satch sees the Current 1969 World Series Game going exactly as Frank predicted it would. Frank breaks into Jack's apartment. Inside Jack's apartment, Frank discovers pictures of the Nightingale victims & Frank also discovers jewelry that belongs to the Nightingale Victims. Jack comes back to his apartment. When Jack sees Frank, Jack tries to shoot Frank but Frank manages to escape. While Jack's chasing Frank, Satch & his partner go to Jack's apartment. Satch & his partner discover the pictures & jewelry of the Nightingale Victims. Jack chases Frank to the waterfront. At the waterfront, Frank surprises Jack. Frank wants to drown Jack. When Frank gets out of the water, Satch & Satch's partner show up. They're unable to find Jack's dead body. Frank, Satch, & the other people still believe that Jack's dead. Back at home, Frank contacts John again. Frank tells John that Jack died, but Julia still died in 1969. Unfortunately, a mysterious man knocks out John. It's revealed that John was knocked out by Jack. In 1969, Jack must've figured out that someone in the future gave Frank the information about the Nightingale Murders. Before Jack knocked out John, Jack realized that Frank's wife gave birth to John & Jack also realized that John gave Frank the information about the Nightingale Murders. Jack knocks out Frank. Jack handcuffs Frank. Jack is holding a gun & Jack throws away John's gun. John wakes up & John gets into a wrestling match with Jack. Jack sneaks into Julia's room. Julia wakes up, but Jack tries to strangle Julia. When Frank wakes up, Frank hears Julia's voice & Frank realizes that Jack's still alive. Frank frees himself. When John sees Jack in Julia's room, Jack knocks out Julia. Frank owns a shotgun. When Frank grabs his shotgun, Frank sees Jack holding John as a hostage. Jack says, "If you drop your weapon, then I'll let go of your son." When Jack grabs John's gun, Jack is about to kill John. Frank drops his shotgun. Few seconds later, Julia jumps onto Jack & Jack lets go of John. Jack pushes Julia & Julia falls onto the ground. When Frank grabs his shotgun, Frank shoots Jack's right hand. Jack's right hand gets blown off & Jack leaves Frank's house. When Jack's using his right hand to choke John, Jack's right hand disappears. While Jack's hand's disappearing, Jack backs away in horror, but Jack still keeps John's gun pointed at John. After Jack's hand disappears, Jack sees Frank holding his shotgun. Jack's about to shoot Frank, but Frank shoots Jack in self-defense. Jack's dead. John realizes that Frank's alive because Frank stopped smoking 30 years ago. Father Frank and son John, now both in 1999, joyfully have the first hug of their reunion. The movie ends with John and Frank (in 1999) playing baseball together as Julia looks on. Since Frank stopped smoking 30 years ago, something prevented John's girlfriend from breaking up with John. John's wife gave birth to a boy. John's son's age is between 3 & 10. 