nm0010888:

 Flick (I) (2000)Summaries Simon Thomas blindly enters the world of independent film making while trying to juggle his social life, a job, a new relationship, and an ex-girlfriend that just won't give up. Not to mention, he hasn't even started filming yet. Bill Tedford <wtedford@hotmail.com> Simon, a young film-buff, fights back in boredom & frustration with the film industry by writing and directing his own movie. Having never even attempted to construct a feature length presentation or any form of movie, Simon, with the help of his friends, experience the hardships of creating an independent film. Matthew Dawydchak <matt-man@geocities.com.> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Junkfood Generation (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mothman (2000)Summaries An earlier movie about the legendary character, The Mothman. This was filmed on location at two different places that he supposedly was seen. A struggling artist has a nightmarish encounter with the legendary Mothman. Despite receiving scorn from the locals, he goes to desperate measures to obtain proof of its whereabouts. To make matters worse, mysterious men in black invade the town with a similar agenda. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Virgin Again (2004)Summaries VIRGIN AGAIN is the cinematic story of Kali, a woman whose life is torn apart by adultery, and yet sewn back together by love and forgiveness. Is there a God? Can a broken heart be mended? These are some of the questions going through Kali's mind as she discovers that David, her poor struggling artist husband, who she has supported financially for years, has fallen into adultery. He flagrantly flaunts his affair in front of her face in their home one afternoon, and she retaliates in anger by seeking her own affairs. In a motel room, in the very act of adultery, she gets caught by preachers who throw her at the feet of JESUS. He lovingly forgives her after challenging the self righteous ministers with the classic statement: 'The guy without sin in his life, let him throw the first rock at her.' Vultures paparazzi camped in front of her house, jab cameras in her face and ask sordid questions about her affair. The worst is yet to come as her husband leaves her, she loses her job, and almost loses her mind before she spills out her guts-straight no chaser- in a prayer to God by a stream in the woods. Heaven hears her prayer, and a miracle begins to happen. Alison Newman It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 