nm0006974:

 Minotaur (2006)321) Long ago in the Iron Age, a shadow loomed over a lonely village. For generations, the village youths were stolen from their families and delivered as sacrifice to a mythical beast - the Minotaur that dwells beneath a great palace. Theo (Tom Hardy), haunted by the loss of his love in an earlier sacrifice is convinced that the beast isn't real, and that his girl still lives as a slave within the palace. His father, Cyrnan (Rutger Hauer), the village leader, tries to reason with Theo not to go, but Theo is driven by blind rage. He devises a plan and is taken with the other youths who are dragged screaming from their families. Mykol Gantt In the age of gods and spirits, the world was ruled by a dark empire from a palace on the Island of Minus. The locals worshipped the Bull, and the ambitious Queen got pregnant by their god, generating an offspring that was part human and part bull. When the Prince is killed on the island, the dwellers blame the villagers, and they are sentenced to give eight young women per year to satisfy the Minotaur. The shepherd Theo (Tom Hardy), son of the village leader Cyrnan (Rutger Hauer), misses his girlfriend that was abducted a couple of years ago. When he meets a leper seer, she tells him that his beloved Ffion (Donata Janietz) is alive, and that Theo must go to the island to kill the beast and save his love. Theo goes to the palace and faces King Deucalion (Tony Todd) and the Minotaur, supported by Deucalion's sister, Queen Raphaella (Michelle Van Der Water), who discloses the truth about the Minotaur. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Long ago in the Iron Age a shadow loomed over a lonely village of Thens. For every five years, eight village youths are stolen from their families to the capital of the Minos Empire and placed in the underground labyrinth to be a sacrifice to the Minotaur, the Minoan god. Theo, haunted by the loss of his love, Fion, in an earlier sacrifice, is convinced that the beast is not a deity and that his love still lives within the labyrinth. His father Cyrnan, the village leader, tries to reason with Theo not to go but Theo is driven by blind rage and made his way in with seven other youths to be sacrifical lambs. However, Theo intends to kill the Minotaur. Along with his fellow captives, Tyro, Danu, Vena, Morna, Didi, Ziko and Cyrnan, they are placed in the labyrinth by King Deucalion, with the youths slaugthered one by one by the Minotaur. However, Theo is aided by Deucalion's sister, Queen Raphaella, who reveals that her mother gave herself to the most disturbing actions to create a living god, the Minotaur. As the Minotaur grows, so does its appetite when it murdered Deucalion's brother, resulting with the human sacrifices to appense the Minotaur while ensuring Minos's surival. Theo along the way discovers the labyrinth is connected to an underground vent and Tyro tempts the Minotaur to crash into one of the vents but is unsuccessful as the Minotaur eats him alive. Theo then tempts the Minotaur and in the process, the Minotaur breaks his left horn, but continues to charge after Theo. As Theo ran back towards the enlarged vent, he scratches the walls and generates a spark that ignites the whole labyrinth, and dives into a pond of water where Raphaella was waiting for him. They emerge from the water as the flames die out, but the beast is still alive and attempts to charge at them again. Theo takes the horn out of the rubble from where the vent was, and just as the beast attempts to kill him, stabs the Minotaur through the mouth and continues on charging until it hits a collapsed rock formation which impales the horn through the Minotaur's head and finally kills it. Once out, they find Deucalion near death from the explosions decimating the palace as Raphaella smothers him to death, ending the cycle of fantaism and starting a new age. 
 The Merchant of Venice (2004)Summaries In 16th century Venice, when a merchant must default on a large loan from an abused Jewish moneylender for a friend with romantic ambitions, the bitterly vengeful creditor demands a gruesome payment instead. Venice, 1596. Melancholy Antonio loves the youthful Bassanio, so when Bassanio asks for 3000 ducats, Antonio says yes before knowing it's to sue for the hand of Portia. His capital tied up in merchant ships at sea, Antonio must go to Shylock, a Jewish moneylender he reviles. Shylock wraps his grudge in kindness, offering a three-month loan at no interest, but if not repaid, Antonio will owe a pound of flesh. The Jew's daughter elopes with a Christian, whetting Shylock's hatred. While Bassanio's away wooing Portia, Antonio's ships founder, and Shylock demands his pound of flesh. With court assembled and a judgment due, Portia swings into action to save Bassanio's friend. <jhailey@hotmail.com> In the Sixteenth Century, there was a great intolerance against Jews. In 1596, in the liberal Venice, Bassanio asks for a large amount to his friend, the merchant Antonio, to travel to Belmont and propose the gorgeous Portia. Antonio has invested all his money in his ships and borrows from the usurer Shylock, who proposes an unusual bond: if Antonio does not pay the money without any interest three months later, he might receive one pound of his flesh instead, at his choice. When Shylock's daughter Jessica runs away home with all his money and jewels, he becomes furious. Meanwhile, the load of Antonio sinks with three different vessels and he is not able to pay his debts with Shylock, and the Jew goes to court of Venice claiming the execution of his deal. In spite of many requests, his tough heart does not accept any other agreement further than the one established in their contract. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dog Soldiers (2002)651) A routine military exercise turns into a nightmare in the Scotland wilderness. A British Squad is sent on a training mission in the Highlands of Scotland against Special Operations squad. Ignoring the childish "campfire" stories heard about the area, they continue with their mission and come across the bloody remains of the Special Ops Squad, and a fierce howling is pitching the night sky... With two mortally wounded men, they make an escape, running into a zoologist by the name of Megan - who knows exactly what hunts them. What began as what they thought was a training mission turns into a battle for their lives against the most unlikely enemies they would have expected - werewolves. Dismal Angel A squad of British soldiers on training in the lonesome Scottish wilderness find a wounded Special Forces captain and the carnaged remains of his team. As they encounter zoologist Megan, it turns out that werewolves are active in the region. They have to prepare for some action as there will be a full moon tonight... Moritz Muehlenhoff <jmm@inutil.org> Sent on basic manoeuvres in the deep, dark forests of Scotland, a band of British Tommie's find themselves hunted, trapped and waiting for the long night to reach its end. With werewolves abound in this gripping, claustrophobic, high-octane nightmare of the worse scenario; with time running out, hope running thin and chances slipping away it begs the questions: Who can be trusted? Who will survive? Cinema_Fan Imagine you're leading a six man squad on a routine army exercise. You're behind enemy lines. Your radio doesn't work. You're cut off and on foot in a vast, hostile wilderness. You hear something howling in the distance. Something's out there.. and it's hungry. Very hungry. And hairy.. very hairy. The sun is going down. And there's a full moon. You're missing the most important football match of the decade. And there's every chance that you're about to be eaten alive by a pack of vicious, snarling, blood-lusting, seven-foot tall werewolves. What do you do? Yoni S. (info@filmrip.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story begins with a couple camping in the Scottish Highlands. The woman gives the man a silver letter opener as a present, soon after they are attacked in their tent. Meanwhile, Private Cooper is seen running through a forest in North Wales. He attacks his pursuers, but is overwhelmed and wrestled to the ground. It turns out Cooper was trying to join the special forces, but fails when he refuses to shoot a dog. He is returned to unit by Captain Richard Ryan. Four weeks later, a squad of six regular British Army soldiers, including Cooper, is dropped into the Scottish Highlands. Expecting to carry out a routine training mission, they find the savaged remains of a special forces squad who were part of the same training exercise. The single survivor, Captain Ryan, makes cryptic references to what attacked them. It is noticed that he has been wounded. Unseen antagonists make their presence known as they attack the troops. Whilst retreating, Bruce is impaled on a tree branch and Sergeant Wells is attacked. He is rescued by Cooper and carried to the roadside where the group encounter Megan, a zoologist who takes them to a lonely house. The soldiers that remain are Wells, Cooper, Spoon, Joe, and Terry. As darkness arrives, the house is surrounded by the attackers: to the soldiers' incredulity, these are revealed to be werewolves. After giving Wells treatment, they go to get in the car, but it was destroyed by the werewolves. The soldiers maintain a desperate defense against the werewolves, believing that if they can make it to sunrise, the werewolves will revert to human form. After Terry is abducted and ammunition runs short, they realize that they will not last, and decide try and escape. Spoon creates a distraction while Joe steals a Land Rover from the garage. When he gets in the car, he sees Terry in the garage being eaten by a werewolf. The werewolf rips off Terry's head and throws it at the windshield. Joe drives up to the house door, then realizes that a werewolf was hiding in the back seat. Joe is killed. Ryan transforms into a werewolf due to his previous wounds, but not before revealing in an angry exchange with Cooper that the Government had sent him on a mission to capture a live werewolve in order that they could be investigated and weaponized. A fight ensues and Ryan escapes, running off into the forest. The soldiers try blowing up the barn where Megan tells them the werewolves must be hiding with petrol, gas canisters, matches, and the Land Rover. Once it's been destroyed, Megan reveals that not only were there no werewolves in the barn, she only told them that to destroy their only means of transportation; she is a werewolf as well, and had been suppressing the transformation, but now gives in. Cooper and Wells run upstairs and Spoon runs to the kitchen, blocking the door. The werewolf breaks in and Spoon's rifle jams. He fights the werewolf, but is killed by another. Meanwhile, Wells and Cooper shoot through the floor upstairs to escape the werewolves, dropping into the kitchen. Wells cuts a gas line and blows up the house whilst Cooper hides below in the cellar. Before he can flee, Ryan, transformed into a werewolf, confronts him. Cooper kills him with the silver letter opener and shoots him in the head. He and Megan's dog, Sam, walk off into the woods. 
 Wing Commander (1999)Summaries Blair, a fighter pilot, joins an interstellar war to fight the evil Kilrathi who are trying to destroy the universe. In the mid-27th century, the Terran Confederation is at war with the felinoid Kilrathi Empire. After destroying a Terran base, the Kilrathi have seized a NAVCOM unit with the hyperspace jump coordinates to Earth. With Terran reinforcements scheduled to arrive two hours after the Kilrathi hit Earth, it falls upon the starfighter carrier TCS Tiger Claw to keep the Kilrathi busy. Jeff Cross <blackjac_1998@yahoo.com> The descendants of the first ones to travel space are regarded as people of lesser worth. Half a millennium after the first ships launched in search of a better life, the Pilgrims still are discriminated. When the Kilrathi declare war against the human race, it is up to Christopher Blair, Pilgrim halfling, to help avoid complete annihilation. Since the Kilrathi managed to conquer a Navcom unit, they know the jump coordinates to Earth. And since the terran fleet is two hours further away from home than the Kilrathi fleet, the only hope of Mankind is to set trust in a Pilgrim, who can astrogate by feeling and does not need a Navcom unit - it's all genetics. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 