nm0006975:

 Up in Smoke (1978)431) Two stoners unknowingly smuggle a van - made entirely of marijuana - from Mexico to L.A., with incompetent Sgt. Stedenko on their trail. Cheech and Chong meet up by chance on the highway somewhere in California. They go in search of some dope and are accidentally deported to Mexico where in their desperation to get home they agree to drive a van back to the States so they can get back in time for a gig they are due to play. Unaware of the properties from which the van is constructed they make their way back having aquired a couple of female hitch-hikers whilst all the time avoiding the cops whom they are not even aware are following them. Garry 'Gadget' Myles <garry.myles@mercury.co.uk> Two directionless musicans, a Chicano guitarist (Cheech Marin) and a White drummer (Tommy Chong), meet up in a chance encounter and embark on a series of odd adventures, including being the unwitting partcipants of a bizarre marijuana smuggling plot. Baroque (gopher_baroque@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In California, jobless hippie and stoner Anthony "Man" Stoner (Chong) is kicked out of his house by his rich and classy father. He drives off in his fathers car, which breaks down, and Anthony is left stranded near a beach, left to sleep in a ditch over night with his belongings. The next morning, Chicano stoner Pedo De Pacas (Cheech) sets off from his Mexican-family-house in his lowrider car looking for love with errands to run. Pedro drives along the beach where he tries to pick up ladies, and sees Anthony with melons stuffed under his shirt. Assuming that Anthony is a large-breasted woman, Pedro drives his car around and tries to pick "her" up, only to be horrified when he discovers Anthony is just a guy looking for a ride. Feeling bad (and liking that Anthony likes his car), Pedro gives Anthony a ride, just missing being caught by the police. While driving, the 2 take a liking to each other being that they both like smoking marijuana. Pedro offers Anthony a small joint, while Anthony shows Pedro a huge joint, made out of dog feces (being that the dog ate Anthony's stash). The 2 smoke the joint and get incredibly high, followed by Pedro accidentally swallowing a lot of acid. The car crashes into a light pole, and the 2 are arrested and the car towed away. In a small courtroom trial, the 2 are being prosecuted when Anthony, still high, begs for water. Pedro grabs some of the judge's "water" for Anthony, only to have Anthony spit it out, revealing it to actually be vodka. With the judge taken away, Pedro and Anthony are let off free. The next morning, after Anthony meets (and argues) with Pedro's band (being that Pedro is a guitarist/singer and Anthony is a drummer), the 2 set off to score some weed. However, the town is dry being that many people are smoking pot these days. The 2 visit Pedro's cousin Strawberry, who is a retired war veteran who is a little messed up in the head and has a large "birth mark" on his face. Anthony stays in Strawberry's messy apartment while Pedro and Strawberry go off on a motorcycle to get weed. While in the apartment, Anthony meets Strawberry's roommate, a cokehead who throws a large drug party in the apartment. Meanwhile, Strawberry has a war flash and loses his mind and jumps off the motorcycle, sending Pedro crashing. When he crashes, he sees cops hiding outside the apartment, ready to bust in and arrest the druggies at the party. Pedro tries to warn Anthony via phone, which is bugged, and the party is busted. Pedro infiltrates the bust dressed like a re-po man, claiming he's there to reposses the stuff. The cops buy the story, and Pedro rescues Anthony. After that, the 2 visit Pedro's friends' place where the 2 get stoned, but not so much being that the weed is bad. At that point, immigration busts in, being that Pedro's friends calling immigration on themselves to get a free ride to a wedding in Mexico. Of course, Pedro and Anthony, despite their efforts to hide, get caught and deported to Tijuana as well. While in Tijuana, Pedro calls his uncle and gets the address of a upholestry shop and arranges to pick up a van to drive back to America. But after getting fast food over the address, the 2 arrive at the wrong place- an upholestry shop which is actually a marijuana plant in disguise. The factory actually makes materials out of solid and liquid marijuana, which is then smuggled across the border. The marijuana-made things made there are worth up to $9 million, and is heavily watched by police, led by Sargeant Stedanko. Pedro and Anthony show up to the factory, unaware of what it really is, and say they're there to pick up "the van". Rather than getting an actual van, the stoners get a huge green van, made from marijuana, top to bottom. From the steering wheel, the tires, the doors, the gas tank, to the very structure of the van itself, its all made of pure solid and liquid marijuana- and the guys have no idea they're smuggling it into America. The stoners drive their marijuana van to the border where they're stopped by police. Anthony is smoking a joint, which he throws out the window into the window of a car full of nuns. Pedro and Anthony are almost caught, when the police discover the joint in the nuns' car. The car is taken away and the nuns searched and arrested by Sgt. Stadenko and his police officers. Unaware of what they did, the hippies drive through the border back into America in their van, stopping at the border patrol station so Anthony can use the restroom. In the restroom, Anthony pees next to Stadenko and accidentally "shakes himself dry" on the sargeant's leg before leaving. An angry chief leaves the bathroom to have the officers tell him that they were wrong about the nuns, its actually 2 hippies in a big green van. Realizing who Anthony must've been and the green van was completely ignored, Sgt. Stadenko and 3 officers get in the police car and set off on the roads after Pedro and Anthony. It isn't long before the cops get sight of the marijuana van being driven by a Chicano and a hippie. They speed up, only for Pedro to get view of 2 hitch-hiking young ladies. He swerves the van across the highway, causing for the police to accidentally shoot the tires off their own police car. Pedro and Anthony (who have no idea cops are pursuing them), pick up the hitch-hikers and drive off. Pedro and one of the hitch-hikers make out in the back while Anthony drives with the other hitch-hiker. Meanwhile, Stadenko has fixed the tires and has continued the search, having no idea where the stoners could've gone. Pedro and Anthony learn from the hitch-hikers that they are actually heading for a battle of the bands concert in Los Angeles, with the winners getting a record contract. Excited, Pedro and Anthony decide to go to the battle of the bands with the ladies and compete. But first, they need to stock up on some weed. The 4 stop the green van at a police station, where a stoner female cop goes to get the 2 ladies illegal marijuana. Pedro and Anthony use this time to play with the intercom and police transmitter, taunting Sgt. Stadenko over the radio. At this point, Stadenko is really upset and he and his cops show up at the station. Stadenko goes to use the bathroom, where Pedro is. Pedro too "shakes himself dry" upon Stadenko's leg as Anthony did earlier and leaves, making Stadenko angrier. Pedro and Anthony and the girls, acquired with weed, return to the marijuana-made van and head on to the road again to Los Angeles. However, unknown to the 4, the gas coming out of the van is pure marijuana smoke, getting anyone who inhales really high. This occurs at the police station where someone near the van gets high and a case of the munchies, ordering multiple hamburgers from a nearby fast-food stand. While they drive along the highway, the smoke from the van spreads out the exhaust pipe, getting all driving by with their windows down really high. At one point, a police officer on a motorcycle speeds after them, but inhales the smoke and gets high, and forgets what he's doing. Pedro, Anthony, and the women get away, but the high cop is found by Stadenko, and, while high, reveals where the marijuana van headed off to, and Stadenko follows after the van. The van soon arrives in Los Angeles to the Roxy Theater where the battle of the bands takes place. Pedro and Anthony head into the theater and enter the competition, leaving the ladies behind. While inside getting ready, Anthony isn't feeling good so he takes some pills given to him by the hitchhikers- which turns out to be acid. Anthony slowly gets high, and the smoke from the van enters the vents backstage and gets both Pedro and Anthony very high as they prepare to go on. As a result, Pedro dresses in a pink tutu and a Minnie Mouse bow, while Anthony dresses in a red quaalude. Meanwhile, outside, Stadenko and crew have found the theater, and try to get inside, but are shooed off by real police men, being that they've left their badges in the car and don't have tickets. The van is almost towed away and Stadenko tries to take the van, but is denied the right to have it taken away. A billion dollar bust, gone. Stadenko and the cops hang around the van waiting for Pedro and Anthony, but get high off the smoke, and Stadenko is soon turned into a huge stoner (as seen in the movie Cheech and Chong's Nice Dreams) as the van burns down into nothing but marijuana smoke, getting everyone in Los Angeles really high. Back in the theater, it is Pedro and Anthony's turn to go on. The van has nearly burned down and all the smoke entering the vents has gotten everyone in the theater high. The 2 go on stage, really high from the van smoke, and almost knock over the band equipment. The 2 then play their rock song "Earache My Eye" (an actual song on a Cheech and Chong record), about a gay boy trying to live his life. The song is a big smash (even though Pedro had just written it and sang it as he went on), and Pedro and Anthony win the contest and the record deal, although still very high. Days later, Pedro and Anthony are back in California from their whole drugged-up adventure, driving in Pedro's lowrider on the street next to the beach where they first met. They're happy, talking about their new record deal and all the possibilities that can happen, when they decide to smoke some hash. Anthony smokes some and hands it to Pedro, who accidentally drops it in his crotch. Pedro's crotch starts burning up and he freaks out as he and Anthony try to put it out. The car crashes as the hash starts burning up, and Pedro and Anthony (Cheech and Chong), their car, and the record contract are all left, well, up in smoke. 
 Americathon (1979)Summaries In a story told in narrative flashbacks, a young TV consultant is hired by the President of a bankrupt USA to organize a telethon in order to prevent the country from being repossessed by wealthy Native Americans. In the not too distant future, the United States government is virtually bankrupt and in danger of being foreclosed on by a group of Native Americans, now owners of the massive Nike Corporation. A desperate President decides to make a last-ditch effort to save the country... by raising money with a telethon! <mycroft@reactiveware.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 This Is Spinal Tap (1984)651) Spinal Tap, one of England's loudest bands, is chronicled by film director Marty DiBergi on what proves to be a fateful tour. In 1982, the legendary English heavy metal band Spinal Tap attempt an American comeback tour accompanied by a fan who is also a film-maker. The resulting documentary, interspersed with powerful performances of Tap's pivotal music and profound lyrics, candidly follows a rock group heading towards crisis, culminating in the infamous affair of the eighteen-inch-high Stonehenge stage prop. Jeremy Perkins {J-26} The English heavy metal band Spinal Tap embarks on their biggest tour in the US to date to promote their new album "Smell The Glove". The tour is so big that it's attracted the attention of documentary filmmaker Marti DeBergi, who decides to make a movie about Spinal Taps' trek across America. But as the documentary goes along, Spinal Tap sees their audiences dwindle from selling out huge arenas to going to play at charity benefits, and eventually playing private parties where no one pays attention to their music. Their new album drops and it's decently reviewed by critics, but the record stores have a huge problem with the sexist overtones of the album's cover, causing a loss in sales. However, a series of incidents that constantly shoot themselves in the foot - whether it's a minuscule Stonehenge monument, a stage prop malfunction, or a simple two word review of an album - keep preventing the band from enjoying the success they deserve. But how long can they keep playing to 11? And will they find the audience that suits them? halo1k Director Rob Reiner (as Marti DiBergi) follows the fictional English rock group Spinal Tap on their latest tour in this mockumentary. The famed band, with a dozen or more studio album, have a lot to deal with. They clearly aren't as popular as they once were and face playing before sparse crowds in smaller venues. They also have to deal with canceled dates (not to worry, their manager says when they lean their gig in Boston has been canceled, it's not a big college town), arguments about their latest album cover and the arrival of one of the band members' girlfriends who would like to play a role in managing the band. All in all, not a successful tour. garykmcd Marty DeBergi is a film-maker who decides to make a documentary, a rockumentary actually, about the world's loudest band, the English heavy metal group Spinal Tap. The movie is in fact a biting satire and spoof of the whole rock and roll scene that passes itself off as a real documentary of a real band. Hilarious behind-the-scenes footage is combined with faux-concert clips to breathe life into the imaginary group. Greg Bole <bole@life.bio.sunysb.edu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Neophyte director Marty DiBergi (Rob Reiner) presents this "rockumentary" showcasing the North American tour of aging rockers Spnal Tap. Band members David St. Hubbins (Michael McKean), Nigel Tufnel (Christopher Guest), and Derick Smalls (Harry Shearer) form the core of the group, with a keyboardist, Mick Shrimpton (RJ Parnell) and various drummers dying over the years in freak accidents or through spontaneous human combustion. The band is set to promote their new record, "Smell the Glove," featuring a degrading photograph of a woman in bondage smelling a glove. Their first gig is a huge success selling out New York City's Madison Square Garden. Before the tour begins their promoter holds a huge party for the band as they've successfully completed their latest record "Smell The Glove". The record company CEO toasts Spinal Tap's success by "Tapping Into The Millennium", which coincidentally is the name of their tour. Next they're being interviewed by Marty DiBergi. We learn the history of Spinal Tap from the beginning of the band's origins through the present day. It seems that they've gone through a number of lineup changes and drummers - one spontaneously combusted while another choked on vomit, which was not his own. Spinal Tap is being transported to their next gig, and to pass the time they're reading the autobiography of Rat Pack member Sammy Davis Jr.. The limo driver has a one-sided conversation with them about Frank Sinatra's history. The next song being played is their smash hit single "Big Bottom", which features the three lead members all playing bass guitars. We also learn how Spinal Tap's back catalog was received by critics. Most of the albums received rather mixed reviews, but one album called "Shark Sandwich" received just a two word review - "Shit sandwich". Their religious rock album "The Gospel According To Spinal Tap" was also rather poorly received. Their next stop takes them to Atlanta for the Recording Industry Convention. There, they learn a couple of gigs were canceled, but nothing to be worried about. It appears that the record label marketing department was completely offended by the proposed cover as stores have said they flat out weren't going to sell the album, citing it as "filth". Spinal Tap's promoters get into a huge argument with the record label CEO Bobbi Fleckmann (Fran Drescher) who cites their album cover as "sexist". While backstage for their next gig in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, Nigel is complaining about the quality (or complete lack thereof) of the food being presented to them. He tells the manager that it's a complete catastrophe and that they wouldn't like being served that food either. The next song they play is "Hell Hole" which is rather well received by the theater crowd. During the song Nigel gets in a rather tense guitar solo and falls to the ground requiring roadies to pick him up. The next day Marti is going over Nigel's massive amounts of equipment that they transport from show to show. He then explains how their amplifiers don't end at 10, they go to 11 which is one louder. Their next gig in Charlotte proves to be another disaster when their gig is cancelled due to a "lack of advertising funds". The next interview with Marti we learn that Spinal Tap has a dwindling audience. At the start of last year's tour they were booked into 10,000 and 15,000 seat arenas. Now they're being booked into 4,000 and 6,000 seat arenas, a fact that their manager, Ian Faith (Tony Hendra) dismisses as a sign that the band's popularity is waning. They proceed to take out their frustrations by destroying their hotel room. As Nigel is on the phone to their promoter, they learn that a number of their gigs across the Midwest have been cancelled. But thankfully they're saved when Derek informs them that a song they recorded in the past called "Listen To The Flower People" was being played on the local radio. But their happiness is short lived when the announcer refers to them in the "where are they now" segment. Shortly before this blow to their collective ego, David is on the phone with his longtime girlfriend, Jeanine Pettibone (June Chadwick) who tells him she can come see him when they arrive in Milwaukee. Nigel is less than enthused; he views Jeanine as an interloper and a disruption to his relationship with David. Thankfully Spinal Tap has managed to secure a gig in Memphis. There, they pay tribute to Elvis Presley by making a stop at Graceland and singing "Heartbreak Hotel", though none of the band members can remember the words, nor sing in harmony. Spinal Tap's first single was released in 1968 and they've been a band ever since, and evolving with the times and trends, though the recent times have not been kind to them. We also learn of another drummer that died a mysterious death - this one spontaneously combusted on stage. At their next gig in Milwaukee, they play a sound check where they play another song from their very early days called "Give Me Some Money". Jeanine appears and while David is thrilled to see her, Nigel can barely hide his disappointment. Ian appears with a box of copies of "Smell The Glove" where they're stunned to learn that the studio has decided to go with their decision to release the album cover in all black instead of the proposed and very controversial cover. Their next song is called "Rock And Roll Creation" and Derek gets trapped in his prop pod during the entire song and the roadies desperately try to free him with no success. The next interview with DiBergi interviews Spinal Tap's drummer. There he asks whether or not the history of Spinal Tap drummers has him afraid of what might happen to him. He says it's no big deal. On the tour bus to their next gig the band throws a huge party. While in Chicago, they have a record signing, but no one shows, upsetting the band and the promoter (Paul Shaffer) blames himself. Spinal Tap manages to secure their next gig in Cleveland. Unfortunately as the crowd is demanding they play, they get lost repeatedly making their way to the stage in a cluttered and maze-like basement. The next gig in Albuquerque proves to be particularly embarrassing as the only gig they've managed to secure has them opening for a magician at a rich kid's birthday party. The rift in the band grows larger. While on a break between gigs, Jeanine presents the band with her own illustrations of new onstage costumes and makeup for the band. Nigel is again annoyed and tells everyone they can enhance their live performances with a prop for one of their greatest songs, Stonehenge. He draws a quick diagram of the scenery on a napkin, handing it to Ian who says he'll have it made. The next live show has the band performing Stonehenge with a spoken-word prelude by Nigel and the band wearing druid-like costumes. When the model of Stonehenge descends from the rafters, they're astonished to see that it's only 18 inches high instead of life-sized. In his napkin drawing, Nigel had mixed up feet with inches. Dwarf dancers in Celtic costumes dance around the prop, threatening to knock it over. Back at their hotel after the gig, the band gets into a fight with Ian, blaming him for all the recent live mishaps and lost gigs. Ian argues that he's overworked, buried in the logistics of the tour, the petty and petulant demands of the band themselves and often called upon to perform impossible tasks. David suddenly suggests that they replace Ian with someone who can manage the tour more effectively, namely Jeanine. Ian explodes and storms out. Their next gig takes them to San Diego and the Miramar Air Force Base where they're the entertainment for a weekend reception. The band goes on, playing one of their raunchier songs, Sex Farm. Unfortunately the crowd isn't interested and stop dancing and sit back down, many of them covering their ears. A frustrated Nigel finally walks off the stage, slamming his guitar down after his wireless box picks up and broadcasts one of the base's air traffic signals. While being interview by DiBergi, David tries to gloss over Nigel's departure by saying that bands go through many changes and that it won't affect the remainder of the tour. He also admits he'd be more upset if he "weren't under such heavy sedation" at that particular moment. The last date of the tour is in Stockton, California at a local county fair, where he band is billed under a puppet show. Backstage, the band is hastily trying to come up with a live set without Nigel. Many of the songs they play live are Nigel's and are cut out of the lineup. Derek says what they have left will constitute a show of no more than 10 minutes. He suggests they play an experimental song he's been developing for several years called "Jazz Oddyssey" a free-form instrumental at least 10 minutes long. Onstage, David introduces the band as a reborn unit, Spinal Tap Mach 2, with Jeanine playing tambourine. The audience show their immediate displeasure, many of them leaving or giving the band the thumbs down sign. A party is thrown in Los Angeles to mark the end of the U.S. tour. David and Derek talk about several side projects they've both had in mind that they feel they can explore now that Nigel is gone. One of the ideas is a musical, "Saucy Jack", based on the life of Jack the Ripper. They also believe they can wring a few more years out of the nearly-defunct Tap, even without Nigel. At another late gig, the band are ready to go onstage when Nigel suddenly appears. He tells them he bumped into Ian and found out that "Sex Farm" has become a big hit in Japan and that he'd be willing to come back for a tour. David rebuffs him but accepts a wish of good luck from Nigel before the go on, playing "Tonight We're Gonna Rock You Tonight". As he stands watching them at the side of the stage, David motions for Nigel to join them. Nigel runs up, grabs a guitar and begins to jam. The final scene has the band playing live to a huge Japanese audience, seemingly revitalized. Ian has also rejoined them, seemingly taking up his old position as manager, with Jeanine nearby. The band plays to thunderous applause. 
 Scorch (1992)Summaries Sitcom about Scorch, a talking human-sized 1300-year-old dragon living with TV weatherman Brian and his young daughter Jessica. No one else knows Scorch's real identity. In public, Scorch appears with Brian on his news program posing as a ventriloquist's dummy, always making jokes during Brian's weather forecasts. The show is technically a spinoff since the character of Scorch originally appeared on another show in a guest role. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 