nm0006816:

 Go (1999)651) The aftermath of a drug deal as told from three different points of view. Told from three perspectives, a story of a bunch of young Californians trying to get some cash, do and deal some drugs, score money and sex in Las Vegas, and generally experience the rush of life. Vladimir Zelevinsky <vz@alum.mit.edu> Three intertwined stories covering twenty-four hours, each starting at a Los Angeles supermarket on Christmas Eve, are told. In "Ronna", Ronna is a clerk at the supermarket working her third shift in a row as she needs to come up with rent money by tomorrow or be evicted from her apartment. At the check-out, she is approached by two young men looking for another cashier, "the British guy", who is their drug dealer. They want twenty hits of E for a party that evening. As the British guy Simon is away, Ronna seizes upon what she sees as an opportunity to raise her rent money by being their dealer for the day. She decides to go to Simon's regular supplier, Todd, for the drugs. The drug deals don't go quite as Ronna plans, the resulting incidents which are not helped by Ronna's friend, fellow supermarket employee Mannie, and which threaten their lives and that of their other friend, another cashier named Claire. In "Simon", Simon is on his first ever trip to Las Vegas with his friends Marcus, Tiny and Singh. Due to circumstances, Simon and the more worldly Marcus end up spending their first evening out on the town together. What happens to them is largely the result of Simon's over-exuberance combined with Simon losing his wallet for a period of time, Marcus' yellow blazer causing some confusion, and Simon overusing a gift he received prior to leaving Los Angeles. In "Adam & Zack", the two men who approached Ronna in the supermarket end up being, unknown to her, soap opera actors. Adam and Zack end up spending much of their evening with Burke, an undercover police detective who has them on a minor drug rap, and who will sign off on their rap in exchange for some help in nabbing a bigger fish in the drug trade. Burke ends up inviting Adam and Zack to "Christmas dinner" at his house with his wife, Irene. Adam and Zack, each who is facing a relationship problem with his respective partner, feel vulnerable in Burke and Irene's house, the actors who believe Burke has an ulterior motive in wanting to spend extended private time with them, and will hold his wants over their heads for their freedom. These three stories come full circle in that they conclude with some connection to the other two. Huggo On the Christmas Eve, the cashier of supermarket Ronna Martin is completely broken and will be evicted from her apartment on the next morning. She accepts the offer to cover the shift of her British co-worker Simon Baines that wants to travel to Las Vegas to have more money. While working, the clients Adam and Zach seek out Simon to buy ecstasy and ask Ronna if she can get the drug for them. Ronna goes to the apartment of Simon's drug dealer Todd Gaines to buy the ecstasy but she does not have enough money for twenty pills; so her friend and colleague Claire Montgomery stays with Todd to guarantee the payment. When she goes to the address of Adam and Zach, she meets Burke and suspects that he might be an FBI agent. She drops the ecstasy in the toilet and flushes it. Now she has neither the drugs nor the money to give to Todd. Meanwhile Simon travels to Las Vegas and gets into trouble in a night-club with very dangerous people and he needs to flee from the town with his friends. Meanwhile, Burke drops the charges against the informers Adam and Scott and invites them to spend Christmas night having dinner with his wife and him, but Burke has a secret agenda. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 'Go' is set mostly during one long Christmas Eve in the lives of a group of young adults on the events surrounding a drug deal in Los Angeles replayed three different times from three different views. In a straightforward manner; when slacker Simon Baines takes off for a getaway to Las Vegas with his friends, Ronna takes his shift at the 24-hour grocery store where they work. When two guys, named Adam and Zack, walk in asking to score some dope from Simon, Ronna takes it upon herself and her friends Claire and Mannie to buy some some stuff from the local drug dealer Todd Gains. But the drug deal is a sting that Adam and Zack are forced to set up by an overzealous narcotics agent, Burke. Ronna is forced to dispose of the drugs. With no other alternative, she tries to double-cross Todd with phony drugs. Meanwhile in Las Vegas, Simon's adventures with his best friend Marcus hit an unfortunate turn during a trip to a strip club, while Adam and Zack end up spending Christmas Eve with Burke and his wife Irene, and afterward while driving to a rave that Ronna is dealing, the guys accidentally hit Ronna with their car and leave her for dead. Nearby, Mannie nearly OD's on dope, and Claire gets more friendly with a vengeful Todd whom is now looking for Ronna. Matthew Patay Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film is told out of chronological format, the story being told from four different points of view. As such, the following summary only generalizes the actual sequence of events which take place. Ronna's story It is Christmas Eve in Los Angeles. Adam (Scott Wolf) and Zack (Jay Mohr), a couple of TV soap opera actors, have been busted for narcotics possession. In a plea deal, they will help Officer Burke (William Fichtner) set up a sting operation for Simon (Desmond Askew), an occasional drug dealer who sells ecstasy from his cash register at a local grocery store. Unbeknownst to them, Simon has taken a vacation to Las Vegas. Filling in at his register is Ronna (Sarah Polley), an 18-year-old runaway and high school dropout who is facing eviction and desperate for the extra paid hours of income. When the actors ask about Simon and where they might buy some ecstasy, Ronna recognizes a lucrative financial opportunity. She offers to "see what she can do" for them, taking down their address. They give her a flier with the details of a rave later that evening. After work, Ronna and co-worker friends Claire (Katie Holmes) and Mannie (Nathan Bexton) debate the underground drug trade "rules," such as circumventing Simon to become competing dealers themselves. Ronna decides this will be a one-time-only deal and proceeds to Simon's drug supplier, Todd (Timothy Olyphant). Todd is suspicious of Ronna's sudden interest in dealing drugs, and that the quantity she has requested is the exact amount that constitutes a drug trafficking felony. Reluctantly, he offers to sell her the drugs at a higher price. Unprepared for the price hike, she offers to leave collateral in exchange for bringing the balance back after the sale is complete, and bullies Claire into being the collateral. Ronna and Mannie then proceed to Adam and Zack's pre-rave party at their apartment. Ronna goes inside to complete the deal, while Mannie stays in the car and downs two of the pills he swiped from the bottle. Inside at the "party", there's only Adam and Zack behaving uncomfortably, along with an older man (Officer Burke, the undercover officer) who seems overly focused on finishing the drug deal. Ronna quickly realizes something is amiss here, so she asks to use the restroom before completing the deal. When Zack turns to show Ronna the way to the bathroom, he whispers "Go!" to her. She goes into the bathroom, flushes the drugs down the toilet, and emerges empty-handed. She tells Burke she wasn't able to obtain the drugs after all, and to defend herself from further scrutiny, notes to Burke that she is underage to be drinking the beer he gave her. Realizing he is now on surveillance giving alcohol to a minor, and without evidence to hold her, Burke lets Ronna go. Ronna, in a state of panic, ponders her situation with Mannie, who is slowly succumbing to the effects of the pills he took. She doesn't have the money to buy Claire's release from Todd, and now she has no drugs to sell. In desperation, she shoplifts a large supply of over-the-counter medication from her own grocery store. Finding pills roughly the same appearance as the ecstasy pills, she refills Todd's bottle and returns to his apartment. She explains to Todd that the deal fell through, gives the "stash" back to him, and frees Claire from collateral duty. Ronna realizes that she's still facing eviction and decides to attend the rave to sell the remaining medication as ecstasy. Her scam works, and she quickly makes more then enough money to cover her rent. Meanwhile, Todd has discovered the fake pills and shows up at the rave to settle the score. He sees Ronna and Mannie from afar and chases them through the dancing crowd. Mannie is too high to run and is slowing them both down. Ronna hides Mannie behind a piece of sheet metal in a back alleyway, tells him to keep quiet until she comes back, and runs off alone. Todd catches up to Ronna in the parking lot. He has a few last words with her about the nature of the illegal drug trade, and takes out a gun intent on killing her. At that very moment, a yellow Mazda Miata swerves around a corner of the parking lot at high speed and squarely hits Ronna, catapulting her onto its roof. It then shoots forwards and stops suddenly, sending her flying into a ditch. The driver, in panic from seeing Todd with a gun, flees the scene. Todd leaves Ronna for dead and flees as well as it begins to rain. Ronna lies motionless in the ditch. Simon's story Earlier.... After recruiting Ronna to cover his shift at the grocery store, Simon goes off with three of his friends Marcus (Taye Diggs), Tiny (Breckin Meyer), and Singh (James Duval) for some adventures in Las Vegas, footing their hotel bill with the credit card he had borrowed from Todd. Shortly after arriving, Tiny and Singh develop bad cases of diarrhoea from eating some bad seafood at the hotel's buffet restaurant and are stuck in their hotel room while Simon and Marcus hit the casino. Simon quickly loses much of his money and then wanders into a wedding party on the premises. There, he meets two female guests, with whom he eventually smokes pot and has sex (both of them). One of the women accidentally starts a fire in her hotel room, causing Simon to flee naked (clothes in tow) in an elevator. Putting his clothes back on, he meets up with Marcus back in the casino. Marcus's yellow sports coat gets him mistaken for a hotel employee, even earning him a tip when a customer mistakes him for a bathroom attendant. This eventually works to his advantage, though, when another hotel guest assumes Marcus is a parking valet and hands him the keys to his Ferrari. Simon and Marcus jump at this golden opportunity to take the red Ferrari for a spin, winding up at the Crazy Horse strip club. En route, Simon discovers a 9 mm pistol in the glove compartment, which he pockets for himself. At the strip club, Marcus warns Simon not to order "champagne" - strip club code for a private lap dance they cannot afford - however, Simon does precisely that, and he heads to a back room with two dancers and Marcus in tow. Before the lap dance commences, they receive a stern warning from menacing Victor Junior (Jimmy Shubert), one of the bouncers and the son of the club owner, to behave like gentlemen and not touch the dancers "or else." Simon hands the bouncer Todd's credit card and he and Marcus enter the back room; the lap dances have barely begun when Simon loses his self-control and gropes his dancer. Victor Jr. immediately bursts into the room and begins beating him. Marcus tries to defend Simon and is himself attacked by the bouncer. Simon then draws the gun he found and shoots Victor Jr., wounding him in the arm. Simon and Marcus hastily flee the premises and head back to the hotel. Simon and Marcus rush into their room and roust up the sickly Tiny and Singh, telling them they have 30 seconds to get up and out. Before they can flee, the Victors Jr. and Sr. (J.E. Freeman) arrive at their door, so Simon and crew bribe a young boy staying in the next room to open the connecting door for their escape. After a frantic car chase down the Las Vegas Strip, Simon and his three friends manage to elude their pursuers and reach the highway back to Los Angeles and drive away in the light of dawn in Simon's damaged car. They believe they are safe, reasoning that their pursuers would have called the police in Vegas...or so they think. What Simon forgets is that it was Todd's credit card he left back at the strip club. Adam and Zack's story Earlier... Adam and Zack are actually closeted gay lovers forced to be decoys in a police sting operation, in exchange for having their own drug charges dropped. In the grocery store parking lot, they test out their hidden microphones; inside, they look for Simon, their usual dealer, but find only Ronna. Later, after the sting with Ronna goes bad, Burke handcuffs Zack, then makes a bizarre suggestion: Why don't they spend Christmas Eve at his house and have dinner? Nervous, they reluctantly accept his invitation. It is an odd atmosphere in the house, and Zack and Adam have odd encounters with Burke and his wife Irene (Jane Krakowski). Zack comes out of the bathroom and runs into Burke completely nude; Burke urges him to lie down on his bed and try out some cologne. Adam, meanwhile, meets Irene, who comes on to him and even kisses him full on the lips. Later, when the four sit down to Christmas dinner, Burke explains that he and his wife are the fourth leading sales team in the region for Confederated Products, an Amway-type retail company, and that virtually everything in the house from the food to the cologne is from the company. Burke wants Adam and Zack to sell Confederated products for him. Zack then gets Adam to feign illness to excuse themselves, and they leave the house, both of them uneasy from the evening's events. Adam and Zack engage in small talk and discover that both of them are cheating on each other with the same man, Jimmy, a makeup artist in their television studio. They go to Jimmy's apartment and find out from his sister that he is attending the same rave that they had earlier advertised to Ronna. Adam and Zack show up and get revenge on their mutual two-timing lover by holding Jimmy down and cutting a sizable chunk of his long hair. Satisfied, they leave the party, get into Adam's yellow Miata and barrel into Ronna, sending her flying into the ditch. Then they see a man with a drawn pistol (Todd) and, terrified, flee the scene. They stop at a gas station and try to figure out what to do, debating whether Ronna survived the accident and, if so, whether or not the man with the gun finished her off. Adam goes to the toilet where he realizes that he is still wearing the hidden microphone from earlier that afternoon. Panicked, they throw the devices away and drive back to the spot where they hit Ronna. They find her still lying in the ditch, unconscious but alive, and hoist her on top of a nearby car with the alarm blaring. They watch in satisfaction from afar as other partygoers discover Ronna early the next morning and call an ambulance for her. Conclusion It is dawn now, and Claire, who does not know what happened to Ronna, leaves the rave and goes to the diner where she usually meets Ronna when they get separated. She encounters Todd; they engage in small talk, then realize they are attracted to each other. They end up kissing and groping in the stairwell of Todd's house, where they are discovered by none other than Victor Jr. and Victor Sr., the Crazy Horse bouncer and owner whom are after Simon and have tracked him through Todd's credit card. Todd explains they have the wrong man; he begins to draw out directions to Simon's place, when Simon himself walks into Todd's apartment ironically, to seek refuge from the bouncers. At first they want to kill him, but Claire points out that she and Todd would be witnesses to the crime. So an "eye for an eye" deal is struck where Victor Jr. gets to shoot Simon in the arm. Just as he is about to get justice, performance anxiety suddenly springs upon Junior and he cannot bring himself to pull the trigger. Claire gets impatient and leaves during his hesitations; as she gets halfway down the hall she hears a gunshot. She flinches and shuts her eyes. Simon calls out: "It's all right... I'm okay!" Meanwhile, Ronna wakes up in the hospital recovered enough to return to work, happy that, despite the night's batterings, she did indeed make enough money to save herself from eviction. She talks with Claire and suddenly realizes to her horror that she never went back for Mannie, who is presumably still hidden where she left him. Ronna and Claire return to the scene and find Mannie still there, shivering and terrified, but otherwise okay. They all get into Ronna's car and drive away, and Mannie wonders aloud what they'll do for New Year's Day just a week away. 
 Race to Witch Mountain (2009)431) A Las Vegas cabbie enlists the help of a UFO expert to protect two siblings with paranormal powers from the clutches of an organization that wants to use the kids for their nefarious plans. In Las Vegas, regenerated ex-con Jack Bruno works as a taxi driver. During a UFO Convention at Planet Hollywood, the skeptical Jack picks up Dr. Alex Friedman, who will present a scientific lecture at the event. Then he is pressed by two henchmen of his former boss, the criminal Wolff, who wants to talk to him, but Jack does not want to return to the crime life. Jack fights and gets rid of them; out of the blue, he finds two teenagers on the backseat of his cab. They say they are siblings, Sara and Seth, and they need to travel to a location outside Las Vegas in the middle of nowhere. Meanwhile, the government finds a spacecraft that crashed near Las Vegas and chases the two aliens; after the investigation of the men of Major Henry Burke, they discover that the two siblings are the aliens. Jack Bruno, Sara and Seth are chased by Henry Burke's team and by "Syphon", a killer from outer space sent to kill them by their planet's military that wants to invade Earth. Sara and Seth explain that they traveled to Earth to collect scientific data of an experiment and save Earth from invasion, but they need to return immediately to their planet. Jack teams up with Dr. Alex to retrieve their spacecraft in a secret base in Witch Mountain. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After crash-landing their fast spaceship on the Earth, somewhere in the hot deserts of Searchlight, Nevada, the teen, human-like extraterrestrial siblings, Sara and Seth, end up in the back seat of the former mob getaway driver and now a Las Vegas cabbie, Jack Bruno. Now, with their lives, and the fate of their world, lying in Jack's hands, the twins embark on a frenzied adventure in the wilderness, as the U.S. Homeland Security agents and an armed-to-the-teeth alien bounty hunter are hot on their trail. Now, the race is on, and the unlikely team's only chance to succeed in their dangerous mission lies deep in the heart of the mystical Witch Mountain. Can they make it in time? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the opening credits, news of UFO sightings around the world appear. Jack Bruno (Dwayne Johnson) is a cab driver in Las Vegas, who is picking up and dropping off passengers to the UFO convention at the Planet Hollywood Casino and Hotel. One of his passengers is Dr. Alex Friedman (Carla Gugino), a failed scientist who is giving speeches about legitimate scientific theories of UFOs and outer space. The next day Bruno is approached by two large men telling him that Wolff would like to see him. After fighting them, Bruno drives off, later noticing two children, Sara (AnnaSophia Robb) and Seth (Alexander Ludwig) sitting in the back seat of the cab. They tell him they need to go to a certain destination and are willing to pay all they have ($15,000) to get there. Along the way, there are chased & vehicularly assaulted by guys in big black SUV's, whom Jack assumes are Wolff's men...not so, grasshopper. With a combination of Jack's driving & (mostly) the kids' powers, they evade their pursuers, who intend to find out who & what Jack is. They lead him to a run down house in the middle of nowhere. Meanwhile, Major Henry Burke (Ciaran Hinds) is searching for information on the two aliens that landed some days earlier. When they arrive at the house, the children tell Bruno that they will be re-united with their relatives soon. Before leaving Bruno hears a crash coming from the house. He is startled to find them hiding behind a couch. Though grateful for his concern, the children tell him they must continue their journey without him, as they can trust no one. Nevertheless, Bruno decides to follow them, which leads him to the basement of the house. There the kids are pursued and attacked by a strange creature as they retrieve an object in a plant. They manage to escape from this creature. When leaving they are attacked by a "Siphon", a creature built to destroy a certain target, in this case the children. The Siphon pursues them until it causes a crash of his spaceship into a train, the creature survives, though wounded. The trio eventually find themselves in a small town, hiding. They explain to Bruno that they are aliens from an distant planet, who are sent to Earth by their parents because the government of their dying planet intends to attack and invade Earth so that their kind may live on there. They also explain that the object they obtained at the house contains the results of an experiment which their parents set up. The research from this experiment will save their planet without having to attack and invade Earth. However their planet's military prefer the idea of invading Earth and sent the Siphon assassin to stop them. They are next pursued by government agencies trying to retrieve the children for experiments. When Sara asks who Dr. Friedman is (did i mention the kids' mind-reading capabilities?), Jack remembers she is a scientist speaking at the UFO convention. They find her, tell her the whole story & convince her to help them. She does this by enlisting the aid of Dr. Harlan (Garry Marshall), a pseudo-scientist/conspiracy nut. All proceed to the UFO convention. When the Siphon arrives, it prepares to attack but Sara uses her powers to knock him through a wall. Chases ensue, & eventually the team of 4 are captured by Maj. Burke. Burke wants to terminate Sara & Seth, but one of his underlings objects, tho not strenuously enough to disobey orders. The two humans escape and come to rescue the kids. The Siphon causes a distraction by attacking the base. They manage to free the children and reach their ship. By running the Siphon over they can escape but the Siphon hangs on and gets on board. Bruno and Seth battle the Siphon in the lower sections of the ship, unmasking him in the fight. Finally, Bruno defeats the evil alien by knocking him out of the ship's airlock, which kills him. Nothing is mentioned about the fate of Henry Burke, though he was last seen disappointed and upset for his failure and was talking to his boss on the phone, with a possibly of getting fired. The kids drop Jack and Alex off and after a tearful goodbye, they head back to their ship, but give Bruno and Alex a device that will allow the kids to always find them. And Sara gives Jack the power to use his brain to the mind reading ability. During the end credits, Bruno and Dr. Friedman (now a couple) are speaking at a UFO convention about their new successful book called "Race to Witch Mountain". The last scene shows them driving off in a car Bruno dreamed of getting honestly as he had mentioned to Friedman earliera Ford Mustang similar to that driven by Steve McQueen in ''Bullitt''. As they are about to leave, the device the kids gave Bruno before they left goes off, indicating that they may be returning. [D-Man2010] 
 How the Grinch Stole Christmas (2000)541) On the outskirts of Whoville lives a green, revenge-seeking Grinch who plans to ruin Christmas for all of the citizens of the town. Inside a snowflake exists the magical land of Whoville, wherein live the Whos, an almost-mutated sort of Munchkin-like people who all love Christmas. Just outside of their beloved town lives the Grinch (Jim Carrey), a nasty creature that hates Christmas and plans to steal it from the Whos, which he equally abhors. Little Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) decides to befriend the Grinch. Filmfreak <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> In this live-action adaptation of the beloved children's tale by Dr. Seuss , the reclusive green Grinch (Jim Carrey) decides to ruin Christmas for the cheery citizens of Whoville. Reluctantly joined by his hapless dog Max (Kelley), the Grinch comes down from his mountaintop home and sneaks into town to swipe everything Christmas-related from the Whos. However, the bitter grump finds a hitch in his plans when he encounters the endearing Cindy Lou Who (Taylor Momsen) Jwelch5742 Rejected by the Whos as a child, and living in spiteful seclusion for most of his life, the Grinch (Jim Carrey) has always hated the citizens of Whoville. That especially goes for Christmas with the Whos' noise, phony sentiment, and wasteful materialism. When little Cindy Lou Who's (Taylor Momsen's) attempt to transcend the festivities' empty commercialism by inviting the Grinch ends with his public humiliation, the Grinch hatches upon on his supreme scheme to ruin Christmas. Cindy Lou Who becomes a great friend to the Grinch and stops the Grinch from destroying a wonderful holiday, and the Grinch is now welcome in Whoville. Kenneth Chisholm <kchishol@home.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a tiny snowflake floating through the air, exists the town of Who-ville, home of the Whos. The town is joyously preparing for the coming of Christmas. However, of all the Whose, a little girl named Cindy Lou Who is feeling depressed, and not at all in the holiday spirit. When her brother and his friends return from climbing Mt Crumpit and claim they saw the Grinch, Cindy Lou grows curious as to the Grinch, who she learns does not like Christmas. While in the Post Office with her Father, Cindy takes some mail to a backroom, and finds the Grinch trying to cause havoc in the mail room. The Grinch scares her, and causes Cindy to fall into the mail sorting machine. To her surprise, the Grinch rescues her. Cindy then decides to investigate more into the Grinch's past, and interviews several people, including two elderly women who cared for the Grinch, as well as town socialite Margaret May-Who and the Mayor, both of whom were classmates with the Grinch. From the information she collects, the Grinch as a child actually liked Christmas, and even had a crush on Margaret. However, the Mayor as a child, taunted the Grinch about this. The Grinch tries to create a hand-made present for Margaret and shave off his facial hair, but the bad shaving job causes the class to laugh at him, finally causing him to hate Christmas. After that, he ran away to Mt Crumpit. As Christmas approaches, the Mayor announces the upcoming Who-bilation, where the town nominates a Cheer Meister. While the Mayor looks forward to another unanimous vote for himself, Cindy requests that they nominate the Grinch, feeling he deserves it the most. With enough votes, Cindy gets the Grinch a nomination, and climbs up Mt Crumpit to deliver it to him. The Grinch does not believe her at first, but reconsiders when he finds out he'll be receiving an award, and that Margaret May-Who will be attending. The Grinch agonizes over the decision to attend (partly believing this is a trick), before appearing to the Who's. While at first apprehensive, the Grinch appears to be getting into the Christmas spirit, until the Mayor proposes to Martha May-Who, and offers her a car. The ostentatious gift rouses the ire of the Grinch, and he then begins to wreck the celebration, causing mayhem and burning down the Christmas tree. Cindy feels terrible that her plan to make the Grinch feel better has been ruined, and the Grinch returns to Mt Crumpit. The Grinch feeling worse then ever, decides that this year, he'll stop Christmas from coming, by dressing as Santa, and stealing it. Fashioning a sled, he and his dog Max return to Who-Ville, and make off with all the gifts and festive trimmings. Taking everything to the top of Mt Crumpit, he plans to drop it all over the edge. Back in Who-ville, everyone is sad and distraught, with the Mayor blaming the whole thing on Cindy for inviting the Grinch. Cindy's father proclaims that he actually is proud of his daughter, because he's seen that Christmas is not about presents and decorations, but about being together. Soon a number of other Who's join in and begin singing. This sound causes the Grinch to pause, wondering how they can be so cheerful. As he watches, the emotion gets to him, and his once shrivelled heart grows 3 sizes. The Grinch then returns the presents to Who-ville, and apologizes for his misdeed. At the same time, Margaret May-Who tells the Mayor she is rejecting his marriage proposal, and that her heart belongs to the Grinch. In the closing of the film, the town feast is held, with the Grinch carving the Roast Beast. 
 Lost (20042010)761) The survivors of a plane crash are forced to work together in order to survive on a seemingly deserted tropical island. The past, present, and future lives of surviving Oceanic Flight 815 passengers are dramatically intertwined as a fight for survival ensues in a quest for answers after crashlanding on a mysterious island. Each discovery prompts yet more secrets, as the hastily-formed colony search for a way off the island, or is this their home? Chris Cullen The survivors of Oceanic Flight 815 were 1,000 miles off course when they crashed on a lush, mysterious island. Each person possesses a shocking secret, but they've got nothing on the island itself, which harbors a monstrous security system, a series of underground bunkers and a group of violent survivalists hidden in the shadows. Jwelch5742 Out of the blackness, the first thing Jack senses is pain. Then burning sun. A Bamboo forest. Smoke. Screams. With a rush comes the horrible awareness that the plane he was on tore apart in mid-air and crashed on a Pacific island. From there it's a blur, as his doctor's instinct kicks in: people need his help. Stripped of everything, the 48 survivors scavenge what they can from the plane for their survival. Some panic. Some pin their hopes on rescue. A few find inner strength they never knew they had -- like Kate, who, with no medical training, suddenly finds herself suturing the doctor's wounds. Hurley - a man with a warm sense of humor despite the desperate situation - does his best to keep his cool as he helps those around him to survive. Charlie is a faded rock star who harbors a painful secret. Sayid is a Middle Eastern man who must wrestle with the racial profiling directed at him by some of his fellow survivors. Jin and Sun are a Korean couple whose traditions, values and language are foreign, and thus causes much to get lost in the translation. Sawyer has an air of danger surrounding him, and his intense sense of mistrust for everyone around him could prove to be fatal to his fellow castaways. Michael has just gained custody of his nine-year-old son, Walt, after the death of his ex-wife - they are a father and son who don't even know each other. Locke is a mysterious man who keeps to himself, and who harbors a deeper connection to the island than any of the others. Self-centered Shannon - who actually gives herself a pedicure amid the chaos - and her estranged controlling brother, Boone , constantly bicker and must learn to get along if they are to survive. And young Claire is eight months pregnant and ill-prepared for the hardships of motherhood - especially on a deserted island. ahmetkozan A horrific plane crash leaves 48 passengers alive, and stranded on a remote island in the South Pacific. The survivors include doctor Jack, now freed prisoner Kate, one hit wonder rock star Charlie, Iraqi military vet Sayid, and a mysterious man named Locke. For a while their goal is simple survival, but they soon realize that it was far more than mere chance that brought them together, and each of them has a purpose that will help them unlock the island's secrets. rmlohner After a somewhat mysterious sequence of events, an oceanic flight from Sydney to LA crashes on what appears to be a deserted island. The chance of being found and rescued is fairly small, so the survivors have to cope with a set of challenges. They have to learn to survive on the island, a mysterious place with enough dangers on its own. Also, they have to learn to live with each other if any success is to be expected. And finally, they have to live with themselves and their pasts. Interwoven with the events on the islands are flashbacks to the pasts of 14 main characters. Step by step, we learn a little more about their diverse and unexpected pasts as the group's quest to survive takes shape. RagingR2 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Season 3, the crash survivors learn more about the Others and their long history on the mysterious island, along with the fate of the Dharma Initiative. The leader of the Others, Benjamin Linus, is introduced as well and defections from both sides pave the way for conflict between the two. Time travel elements also begin to appear in the series, as Desmond is forced to turn the fail-safe key in the hatch to stop the electromagnetic event, and this sends his mind eight years to the past. When he returns to the present, he is able to see the future. Kate and Sawyer escape the Others, while Jack stays after Ben promises that Jack will be able to leave the island in a submarine if he operates on Ben, who has cancer. Jack does, but the submarine is destroyed by John. Jack is left behind with Juliet, an Other, who also seeks to leave the island, while John joins the Others. A helicopter carrying Naomi crashes near the island. Naomi says her freighter, Kahana, is near and was sent by Penelope Widmore, Desmond's ex-girlfriend. Desmond has a vision in which Charlie will drown after shutting down a signal that prevents communication with the exterior world. His vision comes true, but Charlie speaks with Penelope, who says she does not know any Naomi. Before drowning, Charlie writes on his hand "Not Penny's Boat" so Desmond can read it. Meanwhile, the survivors make contact with a rescue team aboard the freighter. In the season's finale, apparent flashbacks show a depressed Jack going to an unknown person's funeral. In the final scene, these are revealed to be "flash forwards", and Kate and Jack are revealed to have escaped the island. Jack, however, is desperate to go back. 