nm0000190:

 Magic Mike (2012)431) A male stripper teaches a younger performer how to party, pick up women, and make easy money. Mike Lane is a thirty-year old living in Tampa, Florida. By day he works as a roofer while at night, as Magic Mike, he is the star attraction of the Kings of Tampa, a group of male strippers. Secretly he wants out in order to further a projected furniture-making business but his credit rating precludes a bank loan for this despite his considerable savings. One night Adam, a teen-aged work-mate of Mike, follows him to the club and, when one of the acts is unable to go on, he is prevailed upon to strip - becoming a huge hit. However success goes to his head and his foolish actions not only threaten to jeopardize his sister Brooke's relationship with Mike but Mike's ambitions as well. don @ minifie-1 correct British English to American Engilish Tampa based Mike Lane has long worked several jobs to reach his life goals. Of those jobs, he would like solely to design and build custom furniture, his dream to start his own business doing so. But the job that pays the biggest bills is that of stripper, he now the star attraction among the stable of men working at Xquisite, a male strip club owned and operated by Dallas, a former male stripper himself who has his own dreams of a having a strip club empire. Mike has no issue with the stripping job, but knows he can only do it for so long. At one of his other jobs in construction, Mike meets naive nineteen year old Adam, who is looking for his own place in life as he, at the start of his adult life, is currently living with his protective sister Brooke, on whose couch he sleeps. Mike introduces Adam to the life of stripping, initially much to Brooke's chagrin, although Mike promises her and him that he will be Adam's protector in this life. Although slow to warm to the idea, Adam, also with Dallas' support, eventually becomes enamored with all that comes with the job, from the good to the bad to the very bad. Mike, Adam, Brooke and Dallas' lives play out against this backdrop as they strive for their own individual goals, sometimes at the expense of others, while they watch out for the ones they love. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When your life is a fantasy, how do you deal with reality? As a male stripper, Magic Mike (Channing Tatum) has everything he could ever want parties that last all night, hot girls and superfluous money. He takes a younger performer under his wing, teaching him the ropes on how to be the best. As he keeps at the top of the game in the clubs, Mike struggles with trying to develop a relationship with a girl he really likes. Will he have to choose between his dream world and real life? The dramatic comedy screenplay was inspired by Tatum's work as a 19-year-old stripper before he made it in Hollywood. 
 Dallas Buyers Club (2013)761) In 1985 Dallas, electrician and hustler Ron Woodroof works around the system to help AIDS patients get the medication they need after he is diagnosed with the disease. Dallas 1985. Electrician and sometimes rodeo bull rider Ron Woodroof lives hard, which includes heavy smoking, drinking, drug use (primarily cocaine) and casual sex. He is racist and homophobic. While in the hospital on a work related injury, the doctors discover and inform him that he is HIV+, and that he will most-likely die within thirty days. Ron is initially in angry denial that he would have a disease that only "faggots" have, but upon quick reflection comes to the realization that the diagnosis is probably true. He begins to read whatever research is available about the disease, which at this time seems to be most effectively treated by the drug AZT. AZT, however, is only in the clinical trials stage within the US. Incredulous that he, as a dying man, cannot pay for any drug which may save or at least prolong his life, he goes searching for it by whatever means possible. It eventually leads him to Mexico and a "Dr." Vass, an American physician whose license was revoked in the US because of his AIDS related work against US regulations. Dr. Vass leads Ron to a cocktail of other drugs, some vitamins, he believes are more effective in treating the symptoms, since the virus, as Ron learns, will always be in the system of those who have been exposed to it. Ron begins to smuggle these drugs not approved by the FDA into the US, not only for his own use but for sale to other HIV+ persons. In this venture, he goes into an unlikely partnership with a HIV+ transgender woman named Rayon, who he met in the hospital and who has greater contact with AIDS patients through the gay community. As they try to work both above ground to get the meds to those that need them and underground to avoid detection by especially the FDA, Ron comes up with an idea to circumvent the fact of selling the drugs - which are not considered drugs yet since they are not FDA approved - directly to the HIV+ population, which then should should not be against the law. Richard Barkley and Dr. Sevard, the FDA's lead man on the file and one of Ron's doctors respectively, the latter who sees clinical trials as the only way to determine the efficacy of drugs despite the fact that Ron and others would have probably died already without these drugs, try to stop Ron and Rayon at every turn. Caught in the middle is Dr. Eve Saks, another of Ron's doctors, who understands why policies are in place, but who can sympathize with Ron, Rayon and others - all her patients, directly or indirectly - in their situation. Huggo In 1985, in Dallas, the homophobic electrician and rodeo rider Ron Woodroof is a cocaine user who frequently has sex with hookers and promiscuous women. When he has an accident at work, he is sent to the hospital where Dr. Sevard and Dr. Eve tell him that he is HIV+ and will die within thirty days. Ron also meets trans-gender Rayon, who is drug addicted and also has the disease. Ron does not accept the diagnosis but a couple of days later he realizes that it may be accurate. He researches about the disease and learns that AZT might be lethal for infected people. Further, he discovers that in Mexico there is a doctor with revoked license named Vass that uses alternative drugs in the treatment of AIDS. Ron improves his health and decides to sell the drugs in Dallas. He makes a partnership with Rayon and soon he creates the Dallas Buyers Club, where the memberships pay four hundred dollars per month to have the necessary drugs. But the FDA does not accept his research and he is oppressed by the authorities. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Ron Woodroof is a man living in Texas in 1985. He drinks, does drugs and sleeps with women, a real alpha male. When he gets injured at work, he is brought to the hospital and as a procedure, they test his blood and when they get the result, they tell him that he has the HIV virus which causes AIDS. They tell him that he has 30 days to get his affairs in order. He doesn't believe them because like most people at the time, he thinks only homosexuals get the disease. When he gets worse, he learns of the drug AZT which can treat the disease. But it's not available to the public so he finds someone who works in a lab and pays him to provide him with it. But when he tells Woodroof he can't get it anymore, Woodroof needs it so he tells Woodroof of a doctor in Mexico who treats people with AIDS. Woodroof goes there and finds the doctor who treats him. After awhile, Woodroof is doing better. The doctor tells him that he doesn't use AZT because it only makes things worse, so he uses his own remedies. Woodroof decides to sell the doctors meds in the US which the medical community refuses to accept. He finds people who want it and business is booming. Eventually the government tries to stop him but he finds a way around them. rcs0411@yahoo.com In mid 1980s Texas, electrician Ron Woodroof is starting to learn that he has AIDS. Though told he has just 30 days left to live, Woodroof refuses to give in to despair. He seeks out alternative therapies and smuggles approved drugs into the US from where ever he can find them. Woodroof joins forces with a fellow AIDS patient and begins selling the treatments to the growing number of people who can't wait for the medical establishment to save them. Gerry Garcia The story of Texas electrician Ron Woodroof and his battle with the medical establishment and pharmaceutical companies after being diagnosed as HIV-positive in 1986, and his search for alternative treatments that helped establish a way in which fellow HIV-positive people could join for access to his supplies. Focus Features Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dallas, Texas. July 1985. Ron Woodroof (Matthew McConaughey) is a local redneck electrician and rodeo cowboy. He is well into an unexamined existence with a devil-may-care lifestyle. He gets rodeo-goers so pissed off after skimming them from a bet that he has to run away from them. The presence of a cop (Steve Zahn) who pretends to arrest him is what saves him. At his job, he is knocked out by electricity when trying to save a Latin illegal worker who got his leg caught up in a machine. Through all these experiences, Woodrooff continuously coughs a lot. After being knocked out, he wakes up at hospital where two doctors, and Dr. Eve Saks (Jennifer Garner) tell him that his inmunitary defenses are so low that it's a miracle he's still alive. Suddenly, Ron is blindsided by being diagnosed as H.I.V.-positive and given 30 days to live. Yet he will not, and does not, accept a death sentence. He remembers that some time earlier, he had sex with a prostitute who was an IV drug user, and she may have given the virus to him. After receiving the news, he participates in an orgy at his trailer, like those he used to like so much. He also takes drugs, but he looks at a calendar and feels down. His crash course of library research reveals a lack of approved treatments and medications in the U.S., so Ron crosses the border into Mexico. There, he meets a disgraced Dr. Vass (Griffin Dunne), who is running a seedy free clinic for locals and he tells Ron about various treatments for AIDS. Ron also learns about alternative treatments and begins smuggling them into the U.S., challenging the medical and scientific community including his concerned physician, Dr. Saks. She notices the gold watch on the speaker who talks about the virus and the medicines. She is being told that, after all, medicine is a business. Meanwhile, Ron goes to the library and checks medicine literature on the subject, coughing all the time. He remembers the time when he probably caught it. Ron goes to hospital again and Eve tries to help him because he is giving a hard time to nurse Frazin (Donna Duplantier), but Ron is an ass to her, shouting that he doesn't need a nurse but a doctor. Eve Saks helps him as much as he can anyway; she tells him that the medicines he heard on the TIME magazine in Germany are not available in the USA. She sends him to a support group, but he doesn't want to be seen with "faggots". His own friends don't even want to sit near him anymore, and a bar brawl almost ensues. The first time he goes to the support group, he just takes leaflets about the matter and threatens one of the members of the audience who tried to hug him. When he goes to the oil field, his boss in line and the rest of the workers want him out of there, so he doesn't even get out of his car. A Hispanic orderly (Ian Casselberry) steals the drugs and sells them to him. Ron passes out. An outsider to the gay community, Ron finds an unlikely ally in fellow AIDS patient Rayon (Jared Leto), a transsexual who shares Ron's lust for life. They share the same hospital room and Saks is both their doctor. On the 29th day, Ron looks like crap, but not necessarily like somebody who is about to die - he picks up a gun and thinks of committing suicide but cries and doesn't give in. On 30th day, Dr. Sevard (Denis O'Hare) speaks to him. Ron pulls down his hospital dress in fear any gay man looks at him. Ron checks himself out of the hospital. Rayon also shares Ron's entrepreneurial spirit: seeking to avoid government sanctions against selling non-approved medicines and supplements, they establish a buyers club, where H.I.V.-positive people pay monthly dues for access to the newly acquired supplies. Deep in the heart of Texas, Ron's pioneering underground collective beats loud and strong. With a growing community of friends and clients, Ron fights for dignity, education, and acceptance. In the years following his diagnosis, the embattled Lone Star loner lives life to the fullest like never before. Dr. Vass gives him proteins and DDC, which may help him, has lost his license in the USA; as those drugs have not been approved by American doctors, so he isn't supposed to take them with him. Ron tries to smuggle them by he is caught by a border agent (Sean Boyd). Ron disguises himself as a priest and says that he is taking vitamins, not medicines. He sells the medicines on the streets. The drugs take a lot of time to be approved, so meanwhile, USA's doctors are prescribing medicines which can be considered poisons. Rayon wants to buy a cocktail of drugs from him, but finally relents because she says that Ron doesn't deserve that money, as he is a homophobic ass. Ron drives after Rayon and sells her the drugs. Rayon suggests Ron to sell the cocktail within a gay bar. At first, nobody pays attention to him, and Rayon tells him to smile, so he makes his first sale there. Soon Ron and Rayon strike up a partnership and they start selling admittance to a buyers' club, not anymore selling the drugs anymore. Dr Saks is worried about Rayon, who has just disappeared and changed address without telling her. They were on such friendly terms that Eve was even questioned about Rayon's fashion and dresses choices. She is appalled when Ron's address comes out as Rayon's new address. Eve visits Ron's apartment and she is appalled that he is giving treatment to so many people. Ron has even began to care about Rayon's health and eating habits. At the supermarket, Ron comes across T. J. (Kevin Rankin) and introduces him to Rayon. Ron has to force him to shake hands with Rayon. The queue of sick people is visible from the road. Not everybody can pay the $400 per-month membership fee anyway. Ron doesn't want Rayon to sell when high. She is a bit unpredictable because of her addiction to cocaine. A few months later in March 1987, Ron travels to Japan to talk to Dr Hiroshi (Joji Yoshida), who tells him that he was not aware of the regulations against exporting drugs. Mr Yamata (Scott Takeda) who would sell the drugs under the counter. At the airport, he is about to inject himself but passes off. His cop friend learns that Ron has AIDS. The doctor tells him to stop selling unknown drugs which have provoked a heart attack to him. An FDA Customs agent (Carl Palmer) tells him that he'll bust him if he can. Saks has even referred some of his patients to Ron. Ron makes love to somebody while everybody is waiting up. Rayon's drug addiction increases. A news Anchor (Rachel Wulff) talks about demonstrations demanding medicines to be approved sooner. The FDA confiscates many drugs present at Ron's apartment, but they let him go with only a fine. Ron tells Rayon to stop shooting up or it will kill her. Eve and Ron have a date and they talk about their pasts. Frank Young (Himself) appears to TV to address the problem but he doesn't say anything important and even Rayon dismisses his words. Rayon is extremely thin; she starts coughing and a gay AIDS friend of hers named Sunny (Bradford Cox) takes her to hospital. Eve Saks sees her on hospital with Nurse Frazin. Eve holds Rayon's hand, while Ron fakes Eve's signature on prescriptions. Nurse Frazin calls security when Ron storms in Rayon's hospital room and threatens his doctor - Rayon's dead. Ron calls in a stripper (Neeona Neal). Both Ron and Eve are very affected by Rayon's death. The FDA keeps on putting pressure on him taking away his drugs. Six months later, Ron travels to San Francisco to a court hearing against the FDA, which will allow him to use drugs for personal use, something which is considered a success. Ron dies in September 1992... seven years after he was first diagnosed. 
 The Wolf of Wall Street (2013)321) Based on the true story of Jordan Belfort , from his rise to a wealthy stock-broker living the high life to his fall involving crime, corruption and the federal government. In the early 1990s, Jordan Belfort teamed with his partner Donny Azoff and started brokerage firm Stratton Oakmont. Their company quickly grows from a staff of 20 to a staff of more than 250 and their status in the trading community and Wall Street grows exponentially. So much that companies file their initial public offerings through them. As their status grows, so do the amount of substances they abuse, and so do their lies. They draw attention like no other, throwing lavish parties for their staff when they hit the jackpot on high trades. That ultimately leads to Belfort featured on the cover of Forbes Magazine, being called "The Wolf Of Wall St.". With the FBI onto Belfort's trading schemes, he devises new ways to cover his tracks and watch his fortune grow. Belfort ultimately comes up with a scheme to stash their cash in a European bank. But with the FBI watching him like a hawk, how long will Belfort and Azoff be able to maintain their elaborate wealth and luxurious lifestyles? halo1k Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a TV advertisement for Stratton Oakmont, Inc. It discusses the nature of Wall Street brokers, describing them as bulls or lions. A lion walks through one of the floors of the company. We next see a large group of brokers playing a game where they throw little people onto a board with a dollar sign for a bulls-eye. Jordan Belfort (Leonardo DiCaprio) then introduces himself among those playing this game. He tells us that he is the son of two accountants living in Bayside, Queens. Ever since he started working on Wall Street, Jordan has enjoyed a life of endless drugs and countless hookers of his choosing. He is seen blowing cocaine into a hooker's butt, and then later flying a helicopter while hopped up on quaaludes. We also see him driving his Ferrari and getting a blowjob from a woman revealed to be his wife Naomi Lapaglia (Margot Robbie). According to Jordan, he does enough drugs to sedate the majority of New York's population. The one drug he loves the most, however, is the one that can make man conquer the world: money. He snorts a line of coke with a $100 bill, crumples it up, and then tosses it in a wastebasket. When he was 22 years old, Jordan began working on Wall Street while married to a woman named Teresa Petrillo (Cristin Milioti). He starts working as a broker and he meets his smooth-talking, easygoing boss Mark Hanna (Matthew McConaughey), along with another abrasive and foul-mouthed co-boss, Peter DeBlasio (Barry Rothbart). Jordan is astonished at how everybody talks and works. He has lunch with Mark, who is doing a rhythmic chant while pounding his chest. Mark orders enough martinis for them to "pass the fuck out". He asks Jordan how many times he jerks off: Jordan says about three or four times a week. Mark says those are rookie numbers and that he does it at least twice a day. He starts babbling to Jordan about how nobody knows if the stocks will go up, down, sideways, or whatever, and that it's all a "fugazi". Mark's primary reason for going into stocks was pretty much just for hookers and blow. He gets Jordan to join in the "Money Chant". Jordan starts his first day with his broker's license on what happens to be October 19, 1987 - aka, Black Monday. The stocks around the world plummet, and Jordan loses his job. At home, Teresa suggests they pawn her engagement ring as he looks through the jobs section in the paper. He comes across one place in Long Island: "Investor Center" located in a small mini-shopping center. Jordan shows up to Investor Center in a suit. The place is merely a small establishment that hardly looks professional, with most of the brokers dressing casually & the office being a dingy, unkempt workspace. Jordan is greeted by Dwayne (Spike Jonze), the man who runs the place. He assigns Jordan to pitch a sale for a company called Aerotyne, a small company out of a garage in Dubuque, Iowa. Aerotyne is also a "pink sheet" (low value) stock and he will receive 50% of the commission. Jordan calls a potential investor about Aerotyne. He sells it to him as a huge company (we're treated to a pic that shows it looking no bigger than a tool shed), but the way he pitches it draws everybody's attention. Everybody in the office stops what they're doing to listen to Jordan, who makes a very slick but also very professional sales pitch. He succeeds in making the sale and his new coworkers are impressed. After a few months, Jordan is making serious money. He is approached in a diner by a chubby bespectacled man with fluorescent white teeth named Donnie Azoff (Jonah Hill). He asks Jordan if the Jaguar outside is his car, to which Jordan says 'yes'. Donnie says he lives in the same apartment building as Jordan and mentions he works selling children's furniture. He asks Jordan how much money he makes, and Jordan says he made $72,000 the previous month. Not believing it, Donnie asks to see a pay stub for $72,000. Jordan pulls one out, and Donnie calls his boss to tell him he's quitting to go into stocks. Jordan and Donnie have drinks at a bar. We learn that Donnie married his cousin because he didn't like the idea of anybody else trying to sleep with her. Outside, Donnie smokes some crack and offers some to Jordan. He takes one hit and gets pumped, telling Donnie they need to go running. The two find a garage where they plan to set up a business. Jordan recruits some of his friends to join. They include Robbie Feinberg (Brian Sacca; nicknamed "Pinhead"), Alden Kupferberg (Henry Zebrowski; nicknamed "Sea Otter"), Chester Ming (Kenneth Choi), Nicky Koskoff (PJ Byrne; nicknamed "Rugrat" because of his shoddy toupee), and Brad (Jon Bernthal). Brad is especially well known for making drug sales in his old neighborhood. Jordan tells Brad to sell him a pen that he pulls out of his pocket. Brad tells him to write something on a napkin. Jordan says he doesn't have a pen, and Brad "sells" it to him. Jordan also brings along several guys from Investor Center, including a guy called Toby Welch (Ethan Suplee). Jordan and Donnie set up what is basically a boiler room in an abandoned auto garage. The guys are all set up at desks, ready to make calls with a script that Jordan wrote for them. They start with blue chip stocks like Disney and AT&T. Jordan calls one investor to purchase stocks in Kodak. Jordan anticipates closing the deal by making crude sexual gestures to everyone just as the investor signs on. From there, Jordan creates Stratton Oakmont and forms it into a much larger business with even more brokers working for him. He has groups of ambitious and hopeful brokers clamoring in his office showing off their resumes to his face. As one Strattonite makes a sale, the whole floor celebrates, with a marching band and a big group of hookers. They even have one female employee get her head shaved if Jordan pays her $10,000 for her to use for breast implants. Over the next few years, news of Stratton Oakmont's success gets around, from Forbes Magazine to the FBI, specifically Agent Patrick Denham (Kyle Chandler). Forbes does a hatchet piece on Jordan, calling him a "sleazy Robin Hood" and dubbing him "the Wolf of Wall Street." Jordan is at first angry about it, but Teresa tells him there's no such thing as bad publicity and more young and eager brokers flock to his office. They bring on Jordan's father, whom everyone refers to as "Mad Max" (Rob Reiner) due to his constantly irritable attitude. He oversees his son's accounts and berates him and his partners for spending $26,000 for a dinner, interrupting their chat about using the little people for their game (as seen earlier). Jordan throws a party at his Long Island beachfront house where he announces a plan to take the company "into the FUCKING STRATOSPHERE!" He is about to explain to us the effects of quaaludes, but Donnie suddenly rises and slowly goes over to Jordan's pool table in slow motion, mumbling the name "Steve Madden." Steve Madden, as Jordan notes, was the big name in women's shoes. Jordan then sees Naomi for the first time. He runs down to introduce himself, inviting her to join him on his jet ski. Donnie's wife Hildy (Mackenzie Meehan) sees this and tries to get Jordan away from Naomi by saying Teresa needs his help. Donnie then goes downstairs and starts masturbating to Naomi in front of the whole party. Jordan takes Naomi out to dinner one night. When he takes her home, she invites him to her apartment for some tea. Jordan is extremely tempted by her, right before she steps out of her room fully nude. The two have sex for 11 seconds before Jordan tries to get it going again. He continues his affair with Naomi for a while before Teresa catches Jordan doing coke off her breasts in the back of a limo. She pulls Jordan out and starts smacking him. She tearfully asks him if he loves Naomi, but he doesn't reply. Narrating again in voice-over, Jordan says he felt bad about hurting Teresa... and then filed for divorce three days later. Naomi moves into Jordan's apartment. She hires a decorator to redo the place to Jordan's liking, and she also hires a gay butler named Nicholas (Jon Spinogatti). Jordan likes him until the night that Naomi comes home to find that Nicholas is holding a gay orgy in the apartment. She goes crying to Jordan and tells him that $20,000 in cash is missing from their room as well as $30,000 worth of jewelry and other appliances. Jordan, Donnie, Chester, and Rugrat interrogate Nicholas about what he knows about the missing money. Nicholas refuses to answer questions (clearly protecting his gay friends) and quickly changes the subject by openly telling them that he thinks them questioning him is just gay prejudice. Chester punches him hard in the nose, and he and Donnie hold Nicholas by his legs over the balcony to try to make him confess. Jordan calls the cops, who arrest Nicholas for stealing, and kick his ass instead. Jordan manages to recover the stolen cash through money laundering. Since he recognizes that these practices are illegal, he hires an attorney, Manny Riskin (Jov Favreau), to keep them clear. All Jordan cares about is that he's making more money than he and anybody else can know what to do with. Jordan proposes to Naomi with a yellow diamond ring and she accepts. He holds a bachelor party in Las Vegas, where even the plane ride consists of a lot of hookers, alcohol and a lot of cocaine. The wedding is also a pretty big event. Naomi introduces Jordan to her English Aunt Emma (Joanna Lumley), who is aware of Jordan's cocaine use. Jordan and Naomi move out of their New York penthouse and buy a large mansion on Long Island. He even buys Naomi a yacht as a wedding gift (it's also named Naomi). Eighteen months later, Jordan and Naomi have a daughter, Skyler. By this time, the couple is constantly bickering over Jordan's antics. He slept through the night calling the name "Venice". We see she is a hooker who pulled a lit candle out of Jordan's ass during sex and poured the hot wax on his back as he kept screaming "Wolfie" (his safety word, which she ignores). Jordan tells us this fighting is part of their routine, which ends with them getting intimate. When they put the baby to sleep, Naomi says she is wearing short skirts from now on and won't be wearing panties deliberately to tease Jordan. Jordan however, has his own trick to pull; he tells Naomi that she's been videotaped by Jordan's security guards, both of whom are named Rocco. At work, it is the day of an IPO (initial public offering) meeting with Steve Madden, a ladies shoe designer seeking to go public with his company. Jordan catches a geeky broker cleaning his goldfish bowl. He sends Donnie to call the guy out and humiliate him in front of everybody by swallowing the man's goldfish whole and then sending him out while everybody else jeers at him. Steve Madden (Jake Hoffman) presents his latest product, the Mary Lous (which one broker says look like fat woman shoes). The brokers start throwing junk at him, which Jordan stops. He wants Madden to join them in business, which he agrees to. Jordan then gets up to the stage to give a speech to the whole floor about the wonders of being rich. The stock is launched in the trading room and becomes a success, netting Stratton Oakmont $22 million in just three hours. The FBI sends the company a subpoena to request Jordan's wedding video tape. Jordan meets his private investigator, Bo Dietl (playing himself) where Bo tells him that Denham has pictures of Jordan's inner circle. Jordan asks Dietl if it's possible to buy off Denham -- Dietl emphatically says 'no'. A few days later, Jordan invites Denham and his partner Agent Hughes (Ted Griffin) onto the Naomi moored at a Long Island harbor. He shows them the list of everybody in attendance to the wedding. When Jordan tells Denham of an employee of his that he hired after needing money for his mother's triple bypass surgery, Denham interprets this as some sort of bribe. Jordan laughs it off and sends the agents off his yacht. He mockingly throws 100 dollar bills at them as they walk away. Jordan decides to keep his money safe from the tax men as well as thieves by storing it in offshore accounts. He, Donnie, and Rugrat go to Switzerland to get the job done. The trip there is chaotic for Jordan since he takes a bunch of quaaludes prior to the flight. He then behaves very lewdly toward the stewardess and he insults the pilot. He wakes up strapped to his chair. Donnie tells Jordan that he tried to start a riotous party on the airplane, dry-humping the female flight attendants and insulting the plane's captain, who personally restrained Jordan in his seat. Due to Rugrat's intervention, with assistance from his Swiss friend, Jordan isn't charged upon his arrival. The trio meets with a group of French Swiss bankers led by Jean Jacques Sorel (Jean Dujardin), Rugrat's friend in college. Sorel persuades them to get someone outside the U.S. to store money in their account. Jordan travels to London, England to convince Naomi's Aunt Emma to take some of his fortune. This also leads to Jordan unsuccessfully trying to hit on her. They also use Brad's Slovak wife Chantalle (Katarina Cas) to smuggle money in with her family, though she can only strap a certain amount to her body to smuggle into Switzerland. Donnie and Brad get into an argument that ends with Brad punching Donnie out. Some time later, Donnie drives out to a seedy Long Island strip mall to make an exchange with Brad. Brad had specifically asked Jordan to make sure Donnie didn't arrive at the meeting drugged out, but Donnie appears to be anyway. After a few moments, Donnie reveals that he isn't actually stoned for the meeting and begins to provoke Brad -- Donnie had taken very personally the fact that Brad had hit him. They get into another argument with the cops watching nearby. Donnie drops his briefcase of money and flees, leaving Brad to get arrested. Donnie shows up at Jordan's house with a strong brand of quaaludes called Lemmon 714, a very rare version of the drug. The two take a pill each and watch "Family Matters" on the TV, but feel no effects after 35 minutes. They take more and still feel nothing. They find out that they expired in 1981. Naomi (pregnant again) goes downstairs to find the two working out. She tells Jordan that Bo Dietl is on the line. Dietl tells Jordan to leave his house and call him from a payphone. Jordan drives a mile down the road to a country club to use the payphone there. Dietl tells him about Brad getting arrested, and that Denham has Jordan's home and work phones tapped. Just then, Jordan starts to finally feel the effects of the Lemmons -- the pills were so far past their expiration date they'd developed a "delayed fuse." He starts slurring his speech and then collapses to the floor, unable to stand or walk. He crawls outside, rolls down the steps, and manages to open the door of his Lamborghini with his foot. Naomi calls him to say that Donnie is acting very strangely and had called Sorel. Jordan makes an attempt to drive his car home despite being too high. He slowly manages to get home safely and crawls his way to the kitchen to pull Donnie (who is also feeling the delayed effect of the quaaludes) off the phone, yelling as best as he can about the FBI listening in. Donnie runs to stuff cold cuts in his mouth, but he starts choking and falls on top of the glass dining table, shattering it. Naomi runs in to find Donnie turning blue and choking. Jordan grabs a little vial of coke from a drawer and pours the whole thing into his nose (juxtaposed with a Popeye cartoon as Olive Oyl feeds the sailor man some spinach, with the tune accompanying Jordan and the coke). He pulls the food out of Donnie's mouth and begins to apply a crude form of the Heimlich Maneuver. Jordan pauses for a few seconds, thinking he'll let Donnie die, until Naomi reminds him that Donnie has a family. Jordan finally gets Donnie to cough up the food he was choking on. Jordan wakes up the next morning to find the police in his house. They arrest him when they show him his Lamborghini, with notable damage, despite Jordan believing he got the car home in one piece. A flashback shows us that Jordan didn't make it home without damaging his car, hitting several other cars, a few golf carts and a mailbox. He is released after it's determined they have no proof Jordan was ever behind the wheel of the car. Manny and Max tell Jordan he got lucky. Another few months later, Jordan holds a big meeting on his floor to announce that he is stepping down from the company to pass it onto Donnie, Pinhead, and Rugrat. He calls out one woman for starting at Stratton with "barely two nickels to rub together", and now living rich when Jordan decided to give her a shot. He tells the brokers he loves all of them, moving them to tears. Jordan then changes his mind and decides to stay, leading to cheers. He gets everybody to join him in the "Money Chant." His father is not pleased, believing Jordan would be better off in taking the deal the FBI was offering. Jordan holds a huge celebration on his yacht, right after Brad is released from jail. Brad subsequently quits doing business in stocks, and Jordan tells us he died of a heart attack two years later. In June 1996, Jordan and Donnie take their wives to Portofino, Italy to continue the celebration. Rugrat calls then while they're drinking Bloody Marys and snorting cocaine to tell them that Steve Madden is unloading shares after hearing about Jordan's recent trouble with the law. To make matters worse, Naomi comes crying to tell Jordan that Aunt Emma died of a heart attack. Jordan is distraught, but more due to the fact that this leaves the $20 million in her account inaccessible. Jordan calls Sorel, who tells him that Aunt Emma named Jordan the successor to the money. He just needs to get to Switzerland immediately. Jordan runs to tell the captain to take them to Switzerland, despite Naomi's insistence that they go to England for the funeral. Jordan believes they can reach a safe harbor and that he can catch a small plane to Geneva. The captain warns that there may be stormy seas ahead, but Jordan doesn't care. Indeed, they do sail right into dangerous waters. Jordan orders Donnie to run and get more quaaludes, even as Donnie objects -- Jordan doesn't want to die sober. He runs downstairs anyway and brings the drugs up, just as a huge wave breaks through boat and turns it over. The group is rescued by a Italian Navy helicopter called in by Jordan. They're taken on another boat, and Jordan sees the jet he wanted to catch crash into the ocean. He tells us this was due to a seagull flying into the engine. He believes this to be a sign from God. Two years later, Jordan is sobered up. He is seen in an infomercial advertising his moneymaking seminar, Straight Line. During a taping of the infomercial, Denham and other agents arrest Jordan. Sorel had been arrested in Switzerland for crimes unrelated to Jordan, and he ended up ratting him out while having dinner with Rugrat (who is also arrested). Sorel had also been having an affair with Brad's wife whenever she smuggled cash to him in Switzerland. All the members of Stratton are called in for testimony but refuse to give anybody up to save themselves. Donnie goes over to Jordan's place as he is under house arrest, he wears a locator on his right ankle. He says he's got Jordan's back in the scheme of things. He also asks Jordan how sober life is. Jordan thinks it sucks. Naomi is also furious with Jordan, refusing to speak to him. Jordan and his lawyer meet with Denham and two other Department of Justice lawyers. They try to make a deal in which Jordan wears a wire to incriminate the other co-conspirators. They call the case a "Grenada" in reference to the US invasion of Grenada in the Caribbean, where the US government very easily suppressed an invasion of that island nation by Cuba. To them, the case will be easy for the Dept of Justice to win because of the overwhelming amount of evidence they've collected. A few nights later, Jordan pesters Naomi for sex, and she eventually gives in and asks him to make love "as if it were the last time." Naomi acts passive and uninterested. Once the two are finished, she tells him it really was the last time; she intends to file for divorce, and tells Jordan that unless he agrees to every condition that she demands (a quick divorce, full custody of their two kids and half of his remaining wealth), she'll take out a restraining order that will bar Jordan from ever contacting her or the kids again. Jordan becomes enraged and insults her; she slaps him and he hits her in the abdomen. He storms into a small sitting room and cuts open one of the sofa cushions, removing a bag of cocaine. He snorts a good-sized amount and runs into Skyler's room taking from her bed. Over Naomi's panicked protests, he runs downstairs to leave with Skyler. Naomi and the Belforts' maid try to stop Jordan as he reverses the car out of the garage, but he ends up crashing into a wall just a few yards away. Skyler is unharmed as she was wearing her seat belt, but Jordan suffers a minor head injury. Naomi takes Skyler out of the car, as a dazed Jordan gradually realizes he will probably never see his two daughters again after this latest incident. Jordan is set up with the wire to bring in his partners. They all cheer for him upon his return. He goes to start with Donnie. Jordan slides him a note that says "Don't incriminate yourself. I'm wearing a wire." When he asks Donnie about their financial practices, Donnie pretends not to remember anything. The FBI arrive at Jordan's house to arrest him when they discover the note he slipped to Donnie (though not shown, the note was given to Denham by Donnie himself, likely as part of a deal that will leave Donnie unaffected or facing lesser charges). While Donnie rapidly deletes any incriminating files on his office computer the rest of the co-conspirators are arrested in the office. In court, Jordan is sentenced to 36 months in prison. His mother cries as her son is taken away while Max looks at him disappointed. When he arrives at prison, Jordan admits that he was terrified when he got there. For a fleeting moment, he says, he forgot that he was rich. He had become so accustomed to a life where everything was for sale. The final scene takes place at a Straight Line seminar in Auckland, New Zealand (The host is played by the real Jordan Belfort). Jordan comes out to the crowd and stands before one man. He pulls out a pen and tells him to sell it to him. The man awkwardly starts his pitch before Jordan takes the pen away. He hands it to another, who is equally awkward. Jordan continues to do the same with more guests, as all the hopeful future millionaires watch him. 
 Killer Joe (2011)431) When a debt puts a young man's life in danger, he turns to putting a hit out on his evil mother in order to collect the insurance. Finding himself in considerable debt, Chris, a Texan drug dealer, decides the only solution is to murder his mother to collect the insurance money. Getting together with his father, the ex-husband of Chris' mother, they decide to hire Joe Cooper (a contract killer) who also happens to be a police detective. The plan is that the money will go to Chris' sister Dottie. However due to the size of the contract fee, Chris agrees that Joe can take Dottie as a retainer until the insurance comes through. Chris Smith (played by Emile Hirsch) is in a bind. He owes a loan-shark a fair bit of money, and the man has threatened to kill him if he does not produce the money within a few days. He does not have the money. He strikes upon a get-rich-quick plan: have his estranged mother killed and collect on the insurance money. He involves his father, Ansel (Thomas Haden Church), who buys into the deal for a share of the profit (him and Chris' mother are divorced and don't see eye-to-eye, so it wasn't a tough sell). Ansel then involves his 2nd wife, Sharla (Gina Gershon) and, due to her finding out about the plan, his daughter, Chris' sister, Dottie (Juno Temple). They hire a professional killer (who happens to also be a cop), "Killer Joe" Cooper (Matthew McConaughey). When they cannot pay him upfront, they reach an unusual deal on how to retain his services. This complicates matters, a lot. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with drug dealer Chris Smith arriving at a trailer on a late rainy night. He pounds on the door until Sharla, his step mom, answers. Chris is there to see his father Ansel. Sharla and Chris argue and there is a small physical confrontation. Then Ansel and Chris get into it. Dottie, Chris' young sister, listens to the commotion from her bedroom. Sooner or later, Chris and Ansel leave the trailer and go to the strip club. Chris tells Ansel that he owes money to some people who will kill him if he doesn't pay. He talks about his mom, Adele, who has a fifty thousand dollar life insurance policy. Chris then tells Ansel about a police detective named Joe Cooper, who moonlights as a hitman. In the event of Adele's death, all the money would go to Dottie. Ansel needs some convincing, so the two get to talking about Adele and how badly she treats everyone around her, including her new boyfriend Rex. Ansel agrees. Joe Cooper arrives at the trailer one morning to meet Chris. Instead, he meets Dottie and the two make small talk. Joe tells a story about a man who lit his genitals on fire to teach his girlfriend a lesson about cheating on him. Dottie tells a story about how her mom Adele tried to kill her once when she was a baby. The phone rings: it's Chris for Joe. Chris tells Joe to meet him at an abandoned building. Joe tells Chris not to change plans on him again. Joe, with the assistance of Dottie, reaches the building where Chris and Ansel are. Inside this building, Joe instructs Chris and Ansel on his rules for if he was to kill Adele for them. Joe names his price: twenty-five thousand dollars in advance. Chris says he can't give Joe the money prior to the murder but he can give him a cut of the life insurance. Joe repeats: "No exceptions." Joe is about to leave when notices Dottie outside happily spinning around in front of a church. Joe then tells Chris that they never discussed the possibility of a retainer. Then he leaves. Ansel doesn't understand and Chris has to spell it out for him: Joe wants Dottie until he can be paid. The movie shifts to Sharla, who works at a run down pizza parlor. She is talking on the phone with an unknown man. She holds in her hand naked pictures of this man and jokes that his face can't be seen in them. Dottie appears behind her and asks for some money for dinner, Sharla pretends the person the phone was one of her old friends. She hangs up and goes to sit with Dottie. Sharla tells her that there will be a guest for dinner that night. Dottie knows its Joe. Ansel arrives and he tells Dottie he's gonna give her some money so she can buy something nice to wear. Then, he and Sharla talk privately. Sharla's mad at Ansel because he as yet to tell Dottie that she and Joe will be the only ones at the trailer. That night, when Dottie finds out the situation, she acts very strange and locks herself in her room. Joe arrives and doesn't get angry. He tells her that she doesn't have to come out of her room if she doesn't want to. After Joe tells another story, Dottie comes out of her room and the two have dinner. Dottie says that she had a dress she was gonna wear, but she decided against it. Joe said he would've loved to see it. At a certain point in the evening, Joe asked Dottie to put on the dress in front of him. Soon after that, the two have sex. Chris, from outside, sees the lights in the trailer go out. In another part of town, the same night, a yellow sports car is parked at a cheap motel. A man in a cowboy hat knocks on the door to one of the rooms. Sharla answers and lets the man in. Shift to the daytime. Chris is betting on some horses for money. He loses. As he walks outside, two big men stand in front of him. He starts to run away but he doesn't get very far and the two big men, on motorcycles, run him down. A big truck pulls up and Digger Soames gets out. This is the man Chris owes money to. Digger tells Chris that he better pay him soon. Digger leaves and the two big men beat Chris to a pulp. Chris has a conversation with Joe the next day. He doesn't want Joe around Dottie anymore. Joe says all Chris has to do is say the word and he will leave right now. Chris still wants his mom dead. That night, at the police station, Killer Joe gets ready. He grabs his gun, his gloves, his hat and walks outside. Chris is waiting for him and tells him he has second thoughts about going through with the murder. Joe tells Chris to get in his car. The two drive along ways to a closed restaurant. Joe goes to the trunk of his car and opens it. Chris looks inside... Adele's body is lying there. Joe has already killed her. Chris helps Joe dispose of the body in a way that makes it look like an accident. Days pass. Ansel and Sharla go to collect the insurance money while Dottie and Chris wait in the restaurant. When Sharla returns to the restaurant, she and Ansel are extremely mad. The family walks down the street. Ansel pushes Chris up against the wall and tells him that Dottie is not the beneficiary of the $50,000. Rex, Adele's boyfriend is the beneficiary. It is here where it is revealed that Rex is not only the one that told Chris about the life insurance, but is also the one who told Chris about Killer Joe. Chris, having nothing to pay either Digger or Killer Joe, decides to flee the country. He wants Dottie to go with him to Peru, but she says she wants to see Joe first. The yellow sports car drives down the street. It is pulled over by Killer Joe's police car. The driver of the sports car gets out. Here, it is revealed that the man in the cowboy hat (from the motel) is Rex. That night, Sharla and Ansel return to the trailer with some KFC. Joe is there and asks to have a chicken leg. Joe approaches Sharla and asks her about Rex. She says she doesn't really know him. Joe asks if she was gonna get a cut of the money. Ansel says he was gonna let her have a cut cause Sharla is his wife. Through some smart interrogation and trickery, Joe gets Sharla to reveal that life insurance was actually worth $100,000. Because Adele's death was ruled an accident, the life insurance doubles. Sharla was the only one who knew that out of the family. Joe then shows Ansel two things: a check made out to Rex for 100 grand, and the naked pictures of Rex that Sharla had on her person. In the most talked about scene of the movie, Joe punches Sharla, breaking her nose. Then he takes the chicken leg from KFC and lowers it in front of his waist. He forces Sharla to suck on the leg like it is his member. As this happens Joe says that since he will not be paid in cash, the retainer, Dottie, belongs to him now. He says he knows Chris is going to come over to attempt to take Dottie with him. Killer Joe states that "If this family allows Chris to leave this trailer tonight, I'll slaughter all of you like pigs." In the film's finale, Chris returns to the trailer. Dottie, Ansel, Sharla, and Joe all wait for him at the dinner table. Chris sits down and everyone eats together for a short while. Then, Joe stands and announces that Dottie has agreed to marry him. Chris is anything but happy. He tells Joe he can't let him have Dottie. Chris tells Dottie to go get her stuff. Joe tells Dottie to stay seated. Chris pulls out a gun and points it at Joe. Sharla grabs a knife from the table and stabs Chris in the shoulder. Joe tackles Chris and the gun slides in front of Dottie. Joe holds Chris in front of the refrigerator and bashes his face in with a can of pumpkin filling. Ansel grabs Chris legs so he can't run away. Sharla bashes a beer bottle of Chris' head. Everyone has taken their eyes off of Dottie, who has finally snapped. She picks up the gun and shoots it all over hell. Joe, Ansel, and Sharla, all go motionless. Dottie fires first at Chris, shooting him in the chest. He falls dead. Then Dottie shoots Ansel in the stomach, he screams in pain as he goes to his knees. Dottie then aims at Joe. Joe looks at her and asks her to put the gun down. She responds, "I'm gonna have a baby." She puts her finger on the trigger again. The final shot of the film is Killer Joe smiling in excitement. 