nm0001293:

 Party Monster (2003)Summaries Based on the true story of Michael Alig , a Club Kid party organizer whose life was sent spiraling down when he bragged on television about killing his drug dealer and roommate. Set in the New York club scene of the late 1980's thru the 1990's, a tale which is based on the rise and fall of club-kid promoter Michael Alig , a party organizer, whose extravagant life was sent spiralling downward when he boasted on television that he had killed his friend, roommate, and drug dealer, Angel Melendez. Originally from Indiana, Alig moved to New York, and came to be an underground legend, known for his excessive drug use and outrageous behavior in the club world. At his peak, he had his own record label, and magazine, and hosted Disco 2000, one of the biggest club nights in New York in the '90s. He was doing a lot of drugs, and as his addiction got worse, his party themes became darker and more twisted. Alig's saga reached its tragic crescendo when he viciously murdered his drug dealer, Angel, by injecting him with Drano and throwing him in the East River. The power he wielded on the club scene made him feel untouchable, so he didn't hesitate to boast of the murder. The press thought it was a publicity stunt--until Angel's body washed ashore. Sujit R. Varma It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery (1997)66) A world-class playboy and part-time secret agent from the 1960s emerges after thirty years in a cryogenic state to battle with his nemesis Dr. Evil. Austin Powers is a 60's spy who is cryonically frozen and released in the 1990's. The world is a very different place for Powers. Unfortunately for Austin, everyone is no longer sex-mad. Although he may be in a different decade, his mission is still the same. He has teamed up with Vanessa Kensington to stop the evil Dr. Evil, who was also frozen in the past. Dr. Evil stole a nuclear weapon and is demanding a payment of (when he realises its the 90's) 100 billion dollars. Can Austin Powers stop this madman? or will he caught up with Evil's henchman, with names like Alotta Fagina and Random Task? Only time will tell! simon A 1960's British hipster secret agent Austin Powers is brought out of cryofreeze to oppose his greatest arch-enemy Dr. Evil into the 1990s. 30 years later, Austin was then released and is now thawed back into action to once again battle Dr. Evil where he wakes up somewhere in Nevada and steals a nuclear weapon and holds the world hostage. After Austin is woken up to stop Dr. Evil he gets a new sexy sidekick Miss Vanessa Kensington, his ex-partner's daughter and they go to Vegas where they must stop Dr. Evil's outrageous plot to control the world for 100 billion dollars! Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} It's a smashing shagadelic party as Mike Myers and Elizabeth Hurley star in a non-stop, hilarious comedy adventure. Frozen in the '60s, secret agent Austin Powers (Myers) is thawed back into action to once again battle his archenemy Dr. Evil. With his sexy sidekick Ms. Kensington (Hurley), Austin must stop Dr. Evil's outrageous plot to control the world. But first, this time-warped swinger must get hip quick and discover that there's no free love in the '90s. An all-star supporting cast including Michael York, Robert Wagner, Mimi Rogers and Carrie Fisher make Austin Powers: International Man Of Mystery a wacky, far-out trip you won't forget. British secret agent Austin Powers was placed into cryostasis at the end of the 60s, in case a spy of his talent was ever needed again. A spoof spy movie ensues when he's thawed out in the 90s... Jim Sabo In 1967, after burning most of his henchmen, Dr. Evil sets a trap for Austin Powers, but freezes himself so Austin won't catch him. Austin then volunteers to be frozen in case Dr. Evil shows up again. 30 years later, Dr. Evil wakes up in Nevada and steals a nuclear weapon and holds the world hostage for 1 million dollars. Sorry, 100 billion dollars. Austin is woken up to stop Dr. Evil but gets Vanessa Kensington, his ex-partner's daughter and goes to Vegas to look for Evil, but finds out there is no longer any free love in the 90's, or Swinging. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Robot Chicken (2005 )Summaries Pop culture references fly thick and fast as stop-motion animation is featured in sketches lampooning everything from television movies to comic books. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Italian Job (2003)761) After being betrayed and left for dead in Italy, Charlie Croker and his team plan an elaborate gold heist against their former ally. Led by John Bridger ( Donald Sutherland ) and Charlie Croker ( Mark Wahlberg ) a team is assembled for one last heist to steal $35 million in gold bars from a heavily guarded safe in Venice, Italy. After successfully pulling off the heist, a team member, Steve ( Edward Norton ), driven by greed and jealousy, arranges to take the gold for himself and eliminate the remaining members of the group. Thinking the team dead, he returns to Los Angeles with the gold. Charlie and the survivors of this betrayal follow Steve to L.A. to exact revenge against the traitor. Charlie enlists the help of John Bridger's daughter, Stella ( Charlize Theron ) - a professional safe cracker - to get revenge. With Stella and the hacking skills of Lyle (Seth Green), the explosives skills of "Left Ear" ( Yasiin Bey ), and the driving skills of "Handsome" Rob ( Jason Statham ) this new team plans and executes a daring heist that weaves through the freeways and subways of L.A. CKnapp After a gang of professional thieves successfully rob $35 million in gold bars from a safe held by Italian gangsters in Venice, they are betrayed and left for dead by one of their allies. Seeking revenge, they plan an incredibly elaborate heist against the traitor to get the gold back. MadMovieManiac A gang of robbers, lead by career criminal Charlie Croker, creates the largest traffic jam in Los Angeles history, giving them time to pull off a theft of gold bullion. They get away in their Mini Coopers, which are small enough to drive on sidewalks so they can make a clean getaway before the traffic jam clears. Mark Cameron Charlie Croker brilliantly conceives and pulls off an original gold robbery from a Venetian bank, only to be betrayed by cohort Steve, whose henchmen rob all the loot and kill Charlie's prospective father in law, retiring master criminal John Bridger. Having tracked down Steve to L.A., where he lives like a king albeit it without imagination, from the sale of the gold bars, Charlie reassembles the team for revenge, including getaway driver and seducer handsome Rob, IT genius Lyle, explosives expert Left Ear and John's daughter, his own ex-safe expert Stella. The seemingly flawless plan goes pear-shaped, so Charlie must improvise on the job while Steve stops at nothing, having murdered his fence to leave town. KGF Vissers In Venice, Italy, a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold. One of the theives betrays his companions and swipes the gold for himself. One year later, in Los Angeles, the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor. Michael Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Venice, retired safecracker John Bridger (Sutherland) calls his daughter Stella Bridger (Theron) and tells her that he will participate in his final heist. John then meets up with Charlie Croker (Wahlberg) before setting the heist into motion. Their team consists of themselves and four others: Steve (Norton) is the "inside man", Handsome Rob (Statham) is a getaway driver, Left Ear (Def) is an explosives expert, and Lyle (Green) is a technical expert. The heist is a success, but Steve betrays them all by taking the gold for himself; he kills John Bridger and leaves the rest of the team for dead. A year later in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Stella is using her safe cracking expertise to break into vaults as an assistant to law enforcement personnel. The team has tracked Steve down, and Charlie recruits Stella to participate with the team in stealing the gold from Steve since she has the required skill and motivation. The team travels to Los Angeles, California to begin their surveillance of Steve's house and plan the heist. Meanwhile, Steve attempts to sell his gold through a money launderer (Krutonog), but kills him when the launderer begins asking questions about the source of the gold. However, the money launderer is a cousin of a local Ukrainian Mafia boss (Krupa), who subsequently seeks vengeance for his cousin's murder. The team's initial plan is to have Steve stood up on a date with Stella who poses as a cable repair woman to get into Steve's house and locate his safe while the team breaks into Steve's house, loads the gold into three Mini Coopers modified by Rob's mechanical friend Wrench (Franky G), and use hacked traffic lights to make their escape. However, Charlie is forced to call the plan off because of a local party, which would witness the heist's execution. To maintain her cover, Stella goes on the date with Steve, but he figures out her real identity. Charlie then confronts Steve and promises that he will recover the stolen gold. Now aware that Charlie and his team are alive, Steve makes preparations to move the gold. He obtains three armored trucks and a helicopter from which to monitor the trucks' transit. To counter the shell game, Charlie uses Lyle's control over the Los Angeles traffic system to isolate the one truck containing the gold, which Lyle manages to find, and gridlocks the city. The team then steals the gold from the truck and escapes in their trio of Mini Coopers. Steve and his hired security guards pursue them through Los Angeles, and the team manages to lose them all, except Steve. He follows Charlie, but falls into a trap: Charlie has already informed the Ukrainians that Steve is the person they want, and Charlie gives the Ukrainians a portion of the stolen gold. Steve is taken away by the gangsters, and the team split up the remaining gold and raise a toast to Stella's father as they leave Los Angeles on the Coast Starlight. During the credits, a series of scenes show what each member of the team does with their portion of the money. 