nm0011059:

 June Bride (1948)Summaries A magazine's staff, including bickering ex-lovers Linda and Carey, cover an Indiana wedding, which goes slightly wrong... Foreign correspondent Carey Jackson is offered a job on Home Life, a "women's" magazine; he accepts when he finds the editor is his old flame Linda Gilman. Verbal pyrotechnics fly between Carey and Linda as they go to Indiana to cover the Brinker family's "typical American wedding." But triangles lurk beneath the surface of the impending nuptials. Can Carey rescue a story (and his job) out of the wreckage? Can all the sundered hearts be re-united? Rod Crawford <puffinus@u.washington.edu> Vienna-based Carey Jackson is one of Carleton Towne's most valued foreign correspondents. With the Vienna office closing due to changing times, Carleton reassigns Carey to the only open position within his media empire, as feature writer for Home Life, a women's magazine. While feature writers have come and gone from the magazine in none of them being able to work for its hard-nosed editor Linda Gilman, Carey only accepts the reassignment when he learns that he will be working for Linda in they having had a personal past. Their breakup occurred three years ago when Carey made the unilateral decision for the overseas assignment, Linda who would have wanted a more stable home life if given the choice. While Carey hopes to rekindle their romance, Linda has no such thoughts, she solely focused on their next edition of the magazine, which will be a June bride feature. The subjects are Jeanne Brinkman and Bud Mitchell of Crestville, Indiana, their wedding which is supposed to be portrayed as taking place in June despite it being the middle of winter. Linda and her staff will have one week to transform both the Brinkman house and the Brinkmans themselves into magazine-worthy subjects before the actual wedding ceremony at the house. While what Linda wants is a straightforward piece of a perfect June wedding in small town America, Carey has thoughts of a more newsworthy piece if he can sniff out a story. Without telling Linda, he believes he has found that story, he needing to orchestrate the proceedings, which will not only affect Jeanne and Bud, but Jeanne's younger seventeen year old sister "Boo" Brinkman, and Bud's older brother, Jim Mitchell, who is currently away in the military. Carey being able to make this all work out has no guarantee, but will result in what he truly believes is what should have happened, and that just needed a little push. Carey's machinations in this issue may kibosh his and Linda's professional and personal relationship, even if they were eventually able to get over their fundamental differences which led to their breakup in the first place. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dick Tracy (19501952)Summaries Intrepid detective Dick Tracy tangles with a bizarre rogue's gallery of villians. But as always our stoic officer of the law, virtuous to a fault, proves himself up to the task of putting the criminals behind bars. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Montana (1950)Summaries An Australian sheepman comes to Montana looking for grazing space, and is opposed by local ranchers and a wealthy cattle-woman. Australian sheep-man Morgan Lane comes to Montana looking for government-owned grazing land, and encamps his sheep at the boundary line (where the bad grazing ends and the good grazing begins) set up by the cattle barons to keep the sheep from nubbing away at the good grass. He goes to town, posing as a merchant, explains his Australian accent, and learns that Maria Singleton, owner of a large ranch, and Rodney Ackroyd (who never explains where he got his name), another ranch owner and Miss Singleton's fiance, are the leaders of the cattlemen against the sheep-men. Romance tugs at Morgan and Miss Singleton, who quickly decides that Morgan has a much better name than Rodney (and other attributes) but the cattle-vs.-sheep feud keeps them apart. Until they meet in the street for a showdown gunfight following a disastrous clash between the cattle and sheep factions. Les Adams <longhorn1939@suddenlink.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mother Didn't Tell Me (1950)Summaries A woman learns how to deal with the difficulties of being a doctor's wife, as well as an interfering mother-in-law. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 