nm0006712:

 Morgan (2016)321) A corporate risk-management consultant must decide whether or not to terminate an artificially created humanoid being. Lee Weathers is a "risk-management specialist" for genetic-engineering company SynSect. She arrives at a rural site hosting its L-9 project, an artificial being with nanotechnology-infused synthetic DNA named Morgan. The "hybrid biological organism with the capacity for autonomous decision making and sophisticated emotional responses" is smarter than humans and matures quickly, walking and talking within a month and physically a teenager despite being five years old.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening scene shows Dr. Kathy Grieff (Jennifer Jason Leigh) entering a secured room. She is there to meet with Morgan (Anya Taylor-Joy), and the whole thing is seen through surveillance cameras. Kathy sits down to have lunch with Morgan. Morgan looks at her own hands curiously on both sides as Kathy says she couldn't get "them" to let Morgan go outside. Morgan pushes aside everything on the table, jumps over it, and begins to stab Kathy in the eye. Two other doctors enter to intervene and sedate Morgan. Lee Weathers (Kate Mara), a risk management consultant, travels to the facility where the incident took place. She meets Amy Menser (Rose Leslie), Morgan's behaviorist, and Skip Vronsky (Boyd Holbrook), the team's nutritionist. Lee then goes to meet Dr. Simon Ziegler (Toby Jones), who explains to her the creation of Morgan. After two failed experiments, Morgan was a creation of synthetic life that matured at a rapid rate over six months, where she now maintains the appearance of a young woman. Lee is also shown a video of the incident, showing that Morgan has managed to develop emotions as well. She has spent most of her time with Amy, who treats Morgan like a sister. Lee meets Kathy in her room, where she is heavily medicated and wearing a pad over her wound. She blames herself for what happened and says she provoked Morgan into attacking her. Kathy tells Lee that Morgan was once full of joy before she was put back into her room. Morgan was allowed exposure to the outside world at a young age, which the others think was a mistake. As Kathy refers to Morgan by female pronouns, Lee says that Morgan should be referred to as "it". Lee is brought in to meet Morgan personally. She is kept outside of Morgan's room for protection. Morgan already knows who Lee is and appears polite, but also highly intelligent. Afterwards, Ziegler asks Lee if she's impressed. Lee looks pretty unimpressed, which appears to displease Ziegler. That night, Lee joins the team for dinner and meets others such as Drs. Darren and Brenda Finch (Chris Sullivan and Vinette Robinson), Ted Brenner (Michael Yare), and Dr. Lui Cheng (Michelle Yeoh), whom Lee regards highly and whom Morgan considers to be her "mother". Later on, Lee is outside talking to Skip, who's had a bit to drink. Amy overhears their conversation, where Skip tells Lee that he and Amy had a fling before realizing he wasn't her type. He makes a move by kissing Lee, but then apologizes for it afterwards. Amy walks away to Morgan's cell to spend time with her after turning off the cameras. We see a flashback of Amy taking Morgan out into the woods for fresh air. Amy tells Morgan about trees and how some live to be thousands of years old. The two then see a deer that's been impaled in the side. Morgan breaks its neck out of mercy. The next day, Morgan is set for a psych analysis by Dr. Alan Shapiro (Paul Giamatti). Shapiro is supposed to sit outside of Morgan's room, but he finds that pointless and decides to go inside. He starts to talk to Morgan calmly before going off and yelling at her, asking her how she would react if she told the doctors to put her back in the box and never let her out, or if she should be terminated. Morgan sheds tears and says she doesn't know what to do. She looks at her hands on both sides until she reaches her breaking point. Morgan pushes Shapiro against the wall and lunges at him, biting hard into his throat and ripping a chunk out. The doctors try to go in and sedate Morgan, but she escapes. Lee grabs a tranquilizer and follows her outside. Morgan gets outside but only finds Amy, who sees her face caked in blood, right before Lee hits her with a dart. Morgan is strapped to a table to be terminated. She tearfully pleads with the doctors to not go through with it, even calling Dr. Cheng "Mother". She coldly responds that she is not Morgan's mother. Morgan is sedated and she passes out. Darren gets a needle ready to give her a lethal injection, but he refuses to go through with it. Cheng leaves the room and wipes away a tear. Lee decides to do it herself. She enters the room, but Ted tries to stop her. Lee hits Ted in the face repeatedly and nearly shoots him with a pistol, but she gets hit with a dart herself. Darren, Ted, and Brenda try to get Morgan out of there. Darren tries carrying her as she's out, but Morgan wakes up and headbutts Darren in the face. She grabs the needle he would have injected her with and sticks it in his chest, killing him. Morgan then grabs the pistol and shoots Ted once, which Lee sees as she wakes up. Morgan then shoots Ted in the head before retreating and leaving Lee locked in her room. Morgan goes into Kathy's room and kicks her in the face until she snaps her neck. She also kills Zielger by hanging him. Morgan then makes her way into Cheng's room as she finishes making a video confession. Morgan suffocates Cheng to death. Brenda gets Amy and tries to make a run for it. Morgan appears with the gun and aims it at Brenda. Brenda punches Morgan in the face and fights her, but Morgan overpowers her and proceeds to beat Brenda to death. Lee breaks out of the room by climbing to the top and smashing the glass. She meets up with Skip, who tells her not to follow Morgan. Lee gets in her car and chases after Morgan and Amy as they drive away, knowing where they're headed. Lee chases them though the woods, but Morgan causes Lee to crash into a tree. Skip drives up and drives Lee to find them. Lee takes Skip's rifle and tries to kill Morgan herself. Morgan catches up to Lee and fights her in the woods. After getting a few good punches and kicks in, Morgan pushes Lee to the ground where she gets impaled by a root. Morgan leaves her and rejoins Amy by the lake, which she is in awe of. Lee shows up after pulling herself out, and she pushes Morgan into the lake. Lee then holds Morgan underwater until she drowns. Lee gets out of the water and then shoots Amy with the pistol. She gets back to Skip and kills him too. The company's head, Jim Bryce (Brian Cox), declares the Morgan project a failure. His associate asks, "What about Lee Weathers?" Bryce replies, "What about her? She's perfect." The last shot is of Lee looking at her hands on both sides...JUST LIKE MORGAN! 
 Parting Shots (1998)541) When the doctors tell Harry Sterndale to get his affairs in order, he does just that - with a vengeance. With nothing to lose, Harry is out to give everyone who ever "done him wrong" something to remember him by: exactly what they deserve. Harry just found out he only has a short time to live - but for his enemies, their prognosis looks even worse. Ben Kingsley and Bob Hoskins are among the many talents in this star-studded cast, which also includes John Cleese , who shine in this hilarious black comedy about getting even - and getting away with it. When the doctors tell failed photographer Harry Sterndale to get his affairs in order, he does just that - with a vengeance. With nothing to lose, he embarks on a rampage of outrageously bad behavior. From the friend who stole his ideas to his unfaithful wife, Harry is out to give everyone who ever "done him wrong" something to remember him by: exactly what they deserve. Harry Sterndale (Chris Rea), a failed photographer, is told that he has only three months to live due to him getting cancer. After thinking things over, he decides that since he is dying anyway, that he will kill or destroy all of the people that has ever crossed or hurt him during his entire life. So this movie becomes literally the shots fired by Harry when he knows he is parting this Earth. After all, he will be dead anyway long before he can come to trial and get his just desserts from society. Harry even falls in love with Jill Saunders (Felicity Kendal) and hires an assassin to kill him in style. However, there is just one small problem with Harry's master plan. The cancer diagnosis is totally inaccurate and now he's got a hitman on his trail and several policemen who want to talk to him about some murders. Lee Horton <Leeh@tcp.co.uk> Harry Sterndale (Chris Rea) is a photographer who has been given bad news from his doctor that he is dying of cancer and he has only three months left to live. Before he dies, Harry looks back on his life and remembers all of the people who have made his life a misery, and he decides to kill those who have hurt and crossed him. Armed with a pistol, Harry sets out to give those people a dose of their own medicine, and he'll be dead by the time he stands trial and gets locked up in jail. When Harry meets and falls in love with a woman named Jill Saunders (Felicity Kendal), who works for Gerd Layton (Bob Hoskins), the greedy businessman who ripped him off, things start going wrong, when Harry kills unpleasant foreign chef Renzo Locatelli (Sir Ben Kingsley) and the Police begin investigating the murders, and an aging hitman named Jamie Campbell-Stewart (Oliver Reed) is on his trail. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Failed wedding photographer Harry Sterndale is diagnosed with cancer and has only six weeks left to live. The next day, he tells his self-centered estranged wife Lisa, who shows no sympathy. When he looks through his photo album one night, Harry is reminded of all the people who made his life a misery, and tells his best friend John Fraser about them. Feeling he has nothing left to lose, Harry decides that he will kill them all. Harry goes to see barmaid Freda Armstrong and illegally buys a gun off her. The next day, he visits Lisa and shows her his diagnosis report. But, Lisa is still unsympathetic, so this prompts Harry to shoot her. After covering his tracks by hiding his gun in a train station locker, Harry is visited by Inspector Charles Bass and Detective Constable Ray regarding his wife's death, but neither of the two suspect Harry did it. The next day at a restaurant, John finds out that Harry killed Lisa, which he indeed confirms. Harry's next target is Gerd Layton, his crooked former financial advisor who swindled Harry and Lisa out of their money. Visiting him at his mansion, Harry kills Layton by drowning him in his swimming pool. However, Layton's housekeeper Jill Saunders catches Harry in the act and prepares to shoot him, but spares him because she too was one of many victims conned by Layton. After the two share an intimate evening, Harry decides to leave Jill the insurance money from his death. The next day, John informs Harry that Jill will inherit more money if he dies violently. Later, Harry takes Jill to a restaurant, where the staff treat them poorly. After expressing distaste for their food, they are viciously confronted and thrown out by the head chef and owner Renzo Locatelli. After he and Jill go to a better restaurant, Harry returns to shoot Renzo for his lack of kindness, decency, respect, manners, civility, and courtesy. During a police investigation the next day, Bass and Ray discover that Lisa and Renzo were both killed by the same gunman, so order a raid on Harry's house due to his connection with Layton. Meanwhile, Harry hires a hitman named Jamie Campbell-Stewart to kill him when the time is right, so Jill can collect the life insurance and Harry won't have to spend his last days in custody. Upon returning home, Harry is confronted by the police, but points out that they have no evidence and kicks them out. Bass then orders a 24-hour watch on Harry's house, but Harry and Jill escape to the country before they arrive. While dining at a country hotel, Harry and Jill meet Graham Cleverley, an old school bully of Harry's, who drunkenly disturbs them through the evening, with one of his lackeys urinating on Harry's car. The next morning, Harry confronts Cleverley on his morning jog and shoots him. As the police are getting more suspicious of all the deaths, Harry posts his gun, hides the car in a barn, and buys a new one before he and Jill head back to a luxury hotel they moved into before heading to the country. Upon arriving at the hotel, Harry and Jill meet President Zlomov, a well-hated foreign dictator, before Harry collects his gun at reception and shortly pays Freda at the pub to give it to Jamie. Harry's final target is Maurice Wadpole, his ex-business partner who stole all his ideas and took credit for them when they worked together in an advertising company. Harry confronts Maurice at his office about stabbing him in the back before leaving. That night, Harry sneaks into Maurice's mansion and attaches a petrol-soaked rope to Maurice's car. As Maurice prepares to drive the next morning, Harry lights the rope, blowing up the car with Maurice in it. The police arrive to arrest Jill as Harry runs off. At the police station, Jill points out to Ray that if Harry really did kill all those people, it's because they killed a little bit of him, therefore it's rough justice; Ray shortly agrees with Jill's theory. That night, Harry goes to see his doctor and get a stronger prescription, as well as call John to get Jill out of custody. With all his enemies dead, Harry decides it's time to meet up with Jamie for the killing, but suddenly develops stomach pains, prompting Jill to call for an ambulance and rush Harry into a nearby hospital, at the same time Ray and Jamie show up at the hotel. Harry soon wakes up in the hospital and is told by Jill that he actually had a stomach ulcer instead of cancer, and the doctors successfully removed the ulcer. Just then, as the detectives arrive, Jamie sneaks into the hospital disguised as a doctor and tries to shoot Harry, but accidentally shoots Ray in the arm, while Harry and Jill make their escape. Back at the hotel, Harry bemoans to Jill that both Jamie and the police are closing in on him, but still decides to go through with the assassination anyway, and fakes calling it off to John over the phone. Jill is surprised that Harry would still have himself killed for her, and he tells her that they could get married before that. As Harry and Jill head off to buy a wedding ring, President Zlomov is on his way to see the Queen amidst a horde of angry protesters, in which Jamie is hiding amongst. Jamie tries to shoot Harry, but accidentally kills Zlomov instead and is arrested by the police. With the murder having been seen on TV and no chance of avoiding prison, Jamie falsely confesses to the murders that Harry committed, thus taking the fall for him. But at the same time, killing Zlomov earns Jamie the respect of Britain's youth. After just getting married, Harry and Jill visit Jamie in prison and ask him how they can repay him. Jamie asks them to kill a man whom he never got around to assassinating, and the three share a laugh before the credits roll. 
 Castle (20092016)Summaries After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle receives permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes. Richard "Rick" Castle is a millionaire playboy who recently killed off his main character when a serial killer starts killing people like he does in his books. He teams up with New York police detective Kate Beckett to solve the case. He finds inspiration in Detective Beckett and starts shadowing her for his next book. After a serial killer imitates the plots of his novels, successful mystery novelist Richard "Rick" Castle gets permission from the Mayor of New York City to tag along with an NYPD homicide investigation team for research purposes. A "guy's guy", he proves popular with the male team members, but immediately offends the sensibilities of the team leader, Detective Kate Beckett. Though she'll never admit it, he slowly wins her over with his innovative approach to crime solving. He brings to the table skills the others don't have: contacts in Manhattan high society, free-form creative thinking, and years of developing believable fictional characters that have inadvertently molded him into a natural criminal profiler. But life is not all crime fighting adventure for this wealthy playboy: his relationship with Beckett becomes even more strained when he unveils a new series of detective novels featuring a racy character based on her, and his home life is dominated by his mother (a fading Broadway diva) and his whip-smart teen-aged daughter. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 6 Bullets to Hell (2016)Summaries When a farmer's wife is brutally murdered by the ruthless bandit Bobby Durango and his gang of killers, Billy Rogers goes back to his old gun and starts to hunt them one by one. This is a Grindhouse style Spaghetti Western shot and made to look like the classic European Westerns of the 1960s and 1970s - True to the form of how they were filmed in the late 1960s, all the way down to the dubbing of the audio. Enjoy this great throwback to the old style with a brand new story in 6 BULLETS TO HELL! Also enjoy the "Drive-in Style' version with two Grindhouse trailers before the film begins. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 