nm0006757:

 Stonehearst Asylum (2014)Summaries An Oxford graduate takes up a job in a mental asylum, only to discover that the "revolutionary" new treatments are inhumane, and that there is more going on than meets the eye. A couple of days before 1899 Christmas, the Oxford new graduate Dr. Edward Newgate arrives at the Stonehearst Asylum to complete training for his specialty of asylum medicine. He is met by armed men who take him to Dr. Silas Lamb, who welcomes his help and takes him under his wing. Edward is shocked to see the methods that Dr. Lamb uses to run this asylum. He becomes infatuated with Eliza Graves, one of the patients who is a lady of status and does not seem to belong. One night, Edward overhears a knocking from the bowels of the facility and is shocked to find that everything is not as it seems in this place and that his uneasy feelings may be justified. What will Edward Choose? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In hope of becoming a resident and in search of experience, Edward Newgate, a promising young doctor who has recently graduated from Oxford, arrives at the Stonehearst institution for the mentally ill, in 1899. However, right from the start, it is quite clear that the superintendent Dr. Silas Lamb's unorthodox methods of treatment seem to have no positive effect on the patients, furthermore, there is a strange feeling that there is more to the asylum than meets the eye. Little by little, as Edward becomes infatuated with the mysteriously alluring inmate, Eliza Graves, reconciling Lamb's practices with his fresh ideas about therapy, will soon lead to a startling and unexpected discovery. In the end, who can be trusted in a place where nothing is as it seems? Nick Riganas It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Physician (2013)541) In Persia in the 11th Century, a surgeon's apprentice disguises himself as a Jew to study at a school that does not admit Christians. When nine-year-old Rob Cole felt the life force slipping from his mother's hand he could not foresee that this terrifying awareness of impending death was a gift that would lead him from the familiar life of 11th-century London to small villages throughout England and finally to the medical school at Ispahan. Though apprenticed to an itinerant barber surgeon, it is the dazzling surgery of a Jewish physician trained by the legendary Persian physician Avicenna that inspires him to accept his gift and to commit his life to healing by studying at Avicenna's school. Despite the ban on Christian students, Rob goes there, disguising himself as a Jew to gain admission. Gordon has written an adventurous and inspiring tale of a quest for medical knowledge pursued in a violent world full of superstition and prejudice. Literary Guild alternate In the Eleventh Century, in England, the mother of the boy Rob Cole has side sickness (appendicitis) and he foresees her death when he touches her. The orphan Rob is alone and he follows a traveling barber-surgeon that teaches him how to cure the needy. When the barber is blind with cataract, Rob Cole seeks out a Jewish physician that recovers the barber's vision. Rob Cole decides to learn medicine with the famous Ibn Sina in the distant Persia. Along his one-year journey, Rob makes a circumcision on himself and changes his name to Jesse Ben Benjamin, posing of Jewish to be accepted by Ibn Sina's school in Isfahan. Further he falls in love with Rebecca that is traveling to Isfahan in the same caravan to get married in a marriage of convenience. Jesse learns medicine with Ibn Sina while he performs forbidden experience with a corpse and has sex with Rebecca. When the mullahs betray the Shah Ala ad-Daula to the Seljuk, the lives of Ibn Sina, Jesse and their friends are deeply affected. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Director Philipp Stlzl adapts author Noah Gordon's novel about an 11th Century orphan who devotes his life to conquering death after his mother perishes when he is just a child, leaving him to fend for himself in an English mining town. In his quest to become a physician, the young boy studies medicine under renowned Persian expert Ibn Sina. Though the road to enlightenment is a difficult one, the young boy forms many human connections that instill him with the fortitude to pursue his ambitious goal. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the 11th century, Rob Cole left poor, disease-ridden London to make his way across the land, hustling, juggling, peddling cures to the sickand discovering the mystical ways of healing. It was on his travels that he found his own very real gift for healinga gift that urged him on to become a doctor. So all consuming was his dream, that he made the perilous, unheard-of journey to Persia, to its Arab universities where he would undertake a transformation that would shape his destiny forever. 
 Transsiberian (2008)541) A Transsiberian train journey from China to Moscow becomes a thrilling chase of deception and murder when an American couple encounters a mysterious pair of fellow travelers. Americans abroad. Roy and Jessie finished a volunteer stint in China. He loves trains, so they go home via the Trans-Siberia Express. There are strains in the relationship, including her past. They meet Carlos, a Spaniard, traveling with Abby, a young American. Carlos keeps close to Jessie, and when Roy is left behind and waits a day for the next train so he can catch up, Jessie and Carlos take a trip into the dead of winter to photograph a ruined church. Carlos may be running drugs, so, later, when Roy catches up and introduces Jessie to his new pal, an English speaking Russian narcotics detective, he's the last person Jessie wants to see. Will the Siberian desolation be their undoing? <jhailey@hotmail.com> After completing a missionary stint in Beijing, married Americans Roy and Jessie decide, as an adventure, to take the Trans-Siberian Express to Moscow rather than fly directly home. The train trip is partly to satisfy Roy's big kid fascination with locomotives, but mostly to add some spice into their somewhat troubled marriage, those troubles due to their differences, Jessie who was a wild child, that wildness still bubbling beneath the surface. They end up sharing a compartment with another couple, Spaniard Carlos and barely legal American Abby, who seem more experienced not only about travel in general, but traveling through this part of the world. Abby would probably admit to herself that Carlos, who has a dangerous edge to him, is the type of guy she would have fallen for in her wild child days. While Jessie and Roy end up apart for a few days, Jessie begins to make connections with Carlos and Abby, both in slightly different ways. In that time apart, Roy himself befriends Ilya Grinko, a Russian narcotics officer who helped Roy navigate what are the mysteries of Siberia ways. These five provide a dangerous combination and place Roy and Jessie's lives at risk. Huggo After a period of volunteer work with needy children in China promoted by his church, Roy and his wife Jessie decide to travel to Russia by train on the Trans Siberian Railway. Roy is a naive American with a great passion for locomotives and Jessie, an aspirant photographer, is haunted by her past image as a "bad girl". During the journey, they share their cabin with a Spaniard, Carlos, and his American girlfriend, Abby. At one station Roy get's off the train to look around other trains in the yard but is left behind; Jessie decides to wait for him at the next stop, and Carlos and Abby stay with her. While waiting for Roy, Carlos invites Jessie to travel to the countryside with him where they see a ruined church in the middle of nowhere. Carlos tries to force Jessie to have sex with him, and Jessie kills him with a plank. Jessie does not report the crime and meets with Roy on the next train. Roy introduces Grinko, a narcotic division detective, who is sharing the cabin with him. Jessie finds out that Carlos was trafficking drugs and scared, she tells many lies to them. However the experienced Grinko does not buy her story. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An American couple, Roy (Woody Harrelson) and Jessie (Emily Mortimer), takes the train from Beijing to Moscow as an adventurous side trip on their return home from a Christian mission in China. The gregarious Roy befriends their cabin mates, a Spanish man, Carlos (Eduardo Noriega), traveling with his Seattle-born girlfriend, Abby (Kate Mara). The reserved Jessie does not share her husband's warmth towards the globe trotting pair. In course of the journey, Carlos shows Jessie a collection of "rare" souvenir matryoshka dolls he is carrying. When Roy misses the train in Irkutsk while sightseeing, Jessie is left alone with Carlos and Abby. Jessie decides to get off the train and wait for Roy to arrive in another train. Carlos and Abby get off the train with Jessie, and proceed to a hotel. In the restaurant, Jessie sees dolls nearly identical to the ones that Carlos had shown her. Abby is upset by this and goes off to bed. Jessie begs Carlos not to involve Abby in his suspicious activities. The next morning Carlos comes to Jessie's room, tells her that his shower is not working and asks to use her bathroom. Jessie receives a call from the reception desk and leaves Carlos in the room. The reception it turns out has no news on the whereabouts of Roy. She later receives a telephone call confirming that Roy will rejoin her at 4 o'clock that day. Carlos convinces Jessie to accompany him to an old church. The two travel into the middle of a snowy wilderness and Jessie, an amateur photographer herself, starts clicking pictures of the old church. In the midst of the wilderness, Jessie surrenders to Carlos' advances and the two begin kissing. However, the roof of the old church collapses and Jessie comes to her senses and decides to stop. Carlos however does not give up and continues to pursue Jessie, calling her a tease and attempting to force himself on her. Unable to stop Carlos' unwanted advances, Jessie beats Carlos to death with a plank. She returns to her hotel and goes to the railway station to meet Roy. Ilya Grinko (Ben Kingsley), an inquisitive Russian narcotics officer whom Roy previously befriended, turns out to be the new cabin mate of Roy and Jessie. He is traveling from Vladivostok to Moscow for a conference. Jessie finds the dead Carlos' dolls in her own suitcase and realizes that Carlos may have hidden them when she had gone to the reception desk that morning. Carlos was smuggling heroin in those dolls and Grinko, who is on the payroll of a Russian drug lord, has an interest in the whereabouts of Carlos and Abby. Jessie unsuccessfully tries to get rid of the dolls while on the train. She panics when Grinko becomes suspicious and confronts her, and returns to her cabin to find Roy examining the dolls. She explains their origins and the two of them surrender the dolls to Ilya. Having seemingly gotten out of a risky situation, the next morning, she and Roy awake to discover that most of the train's cars are now gone along with the passengers - only Grinko and his partner Kolzak (Thomas Kretschmann) remain. Grinko and Kolzak stop the train in the middle of nowhere and take Jessie and Roy to an abandoned military bunker, where Abby is being tortured. Ilya says it's about more than the heroin; it's about the money that Carlos has that belongs to the drug lord. Ilya tells Jessie that Abby is not a "good girl" as Jessie had thought - Abby recruited Carlos, was responsible for another man's death, and is trying to cheat the drug lord of his money. Jessie disbelieves Ilya because Carlos told her Abby was innocent. Jessie and Roy escape by boarding the train. Ilya and Kolzak follow them, the train has a head-on collision with another train, and Ilya shoots Kolzak to maintain his cover that he is on the right side of the law. He claims he is a government investigator who rescued Jessie and Roy from a hostage situation. Jessie, weakened, tries to tell them that Ilya is lying, but the Russians don't understand English. As she loses consciousness, she sees Ilya walking away into the woods. U.S. officials later tell Jessie and Roy about Carlos' criminal history. He has past convictions for both theft and sexual assault. The officials don't know anything about Abby and report that she is just a twenty-year-old who got mixed up with the wrong guy. Jessie and Roy end up signing statements for the U.S. officials, and Jessie never tells them that she killed Carlos, although Roy may or may not have heard her admit to this when the train was about to crash. Upon touring Moscow and seeing a billboard of a girl sitting on the end of a dock (similar to a scene Abby had described as her dream home), Jessie insists on talking to Abby in the hospital. The last scene shows a still limping Abby finding Carlos's body in the snow by the old church. Abby tears open a hidden pocket in his jacket and finds all the money that had been stolen, stacks of 500 notes sealed in a long clear roll. She takes the money and walks away, leaving Carlos' body without a backward glance. 
 The Red Violin (1998)541) A red-colored violin inspires passion, making its way through three centuries over several owners and countries, eventually ending up at an auction where it may find a new owner. In present day Montreal, a famous Nicolo Bussotti violin, known as "the red violin," is being auctioned off. During the auction, we flash back to the creation of the violin in 17th century Italy, and follow the violin as it makes its way through an 18th century Austrian monastery, a violinist in 19th century Oxford, China during the Cultural Revolution, and back to Montreal, where a collector tries to establish the identity and the secrets of "the red violin." Sean Gallagher <naes@cgocable.net> The rare Red Violin is up for auction in Montreal. Through a series of five different stories, dating from different periods of time, ranging from 1681 to the present, we see the history of the violin and how it touched the lives of many people. grantss Duval, a Montral-based auction house, is in charge of the disposition through auction of a recently discovered private collection of stringed instruments, the jewel of the collection being the so-called red violin - so named for its color - made by Nicol Bussotti in the late seventeenth century, and most famously once owned by British virtuoso Frederick Pope in the late nineteenth century. The restoration and verification of the instruments, including the authentication of the red violin, was overseen by New York based expert Charles Morritz. Through flashbacks, the history of the ownership of the red violin is presented, some of those stories, while perhaps not as renowned as that of Pope, nonetheless no less interesting. Included in that history is Bussotti's creation of the instrument, which he intended for his yet unborn offspring - who he knew would be a son - it being the perfect instrument in his estimation especially in comparison to all his other creations, and the reason behind the last minute decision to finish the instrument in the distinctive red varnish. Accompanying the stories of the red violin's ownership is that history being present in the bidding room in the importance for those potential bidders of those individual connections to the violin. Interwoven with these stories is the one consistent item beyond the violin itself tying those stories together, namely a tarot card reading for Bussotti's wife Anna late in her pregnancy by the Bussottis' elderly servant Cesca concerning what Anna was anticipating as a difficult birth. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This film centres on a red violin created in 1681 by Cremonese master violinmaker, Nicolo Bussotti, for the forthcoming birth of his child. The film tells the subsequent fate of the violin in episodes, linked together by a fortune telling, read by the servant woman Cesca, for Nicolos pregnant wife, Anna. Instead of predicting the future of Anna, the tarot cards reveal the future of the violin. The violin was to become Nicolos final masterpiece, an impossible instrument with perfect resonance in all three characteristics. Following the death of his wife Anna in childbirth, Nicolo varnishes the violin with ingredients from which it derives it red colouring. The main return point in the movie is the auctioning of the Red Violin at the Duval auction house in Canada. The film then proceeds to follow the violin's history as it passes from person to person beginning at an Austrian monastery where it goes from child to child, culminating its sojourn at the monastery with a talented orphan of about 6 years age, Kaspar Weiss. Kaspar is taken under the wing of mentor Georges Poussin, but Kaspar comes to an untimely death auditioning to the Prince Mansfeld. The violin "slumbers" in the grave with Kaspar, but is dug up and moves on to have several gypsy owners. One band of gypsies brings the violin to the English country lands of Lord Frederick Pope, who is a violin virtuoso. Lord Pope overhears the violin being played by the gypsies. Pope readily procures what he immediately perceives to be an exceptional violin. He is aesthetically or carnally transfixed by this one violin in such a manner that his jealous lover first leaves him to travel to Europe, then returns unannounced. Whereupon she shoots the violin when she discovers Pope in bed in a mnage-a-trois with the violin & another woman. Subsequently Pope kills himself and the violin gets taken to China by Popes former servant who sells it at the bond shop of a Shanghai merchant. This merchant only sees the value of the gemstone mounted in the scroll of the violin, and he removes the stone. By 1937 the violin belongs to a bourgeois Chinese family.The violin then barely survives the Great Proletarian Cultural Revolution of a communist China which at that time found western music unacceptable. Ultimately, when the collector dies the Chinese government "inherits" the by now anonymous violin in a motley collection of stringed instruments, including at least one genuine Stradivarius. At the Canadian auction descendants of the previous owners of the violin are there competing for the red, together with one Charles Morritz (Samuel L. Jackson) who is a violin expert who was to authenticate and value the Stradivarius for Canadian customs assessment. Serendipitously Morritz is one of the few people who suspects the truth about the anonymous red instrument included in the consignment from China. He tries to keep his suspicions secret, but as the film proceeds we see one after another determined buyers of the red violin arrive at the auction. 