nm0005554:

 3 Holes and a Smoking Gun (2014)Summaries An ex-Hollywood screenwriter, now teaching an evening class in New York, finds himself in a battle of wits with a devious screenwriting student. 19-year-old Jack Ariamehr toils daily as a 'sign spinner' on the street corners of New York. But under the gaze of the State of Liberty, he dreams of bigger things -- and who wouldn't? No one is more aware of this than Jack's teacher, Bobby Blue Day -- an ex-Hollywood screenwriter who shows up at Jack's apartment early one morning eager to talk about Jack's screenplay. To Bobby's astonishment, J.F.K. Ariamehr has written the best screenplay he's ever read. And Bobby will do anything to get a piece of this last chance at the American dream. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Models Inc. (19941995)Summaries Hilary Michaels, the estranged mother of Amanda Woodward, is the owner, president and CEO of Models Inc., a top Los Angeles modeling agency which, like her ruthless and aggressive daughter on "Melrose Place," she runs her company with an iron fist and deals with all the usual problematic situations with the models and co-workers of the agency which include, backstabbing, murder, betrayal, seduction, blackmail, stalking, and other trash on an everyday basis. matt-282 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Melrose Place (19921999)44) Classic serial drama around a group of friends living in Melrose Place, California. The lives and loves of a group of young adults living in "Melrose Place" in California. Each with their own dreams and drives, the inevitable conflicts, conquests, and consummations ensue. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> This Aaron Spelling series -with characteristic attractive, but not (yet) famous, casting- is set in and named after an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, just affordable -even if some take a roommate- for a number of tweens who hope to start their adult life from there in the huge metropolis. The early tenants include Billy Campbell, an optimistic, pleasant would be-writer, Allison Parker, a neurotic-anal employee who has a love-hate-relationship with him, Matt Fielding, a noble gay social worker, Dr. Michael Mancini who also acts as (unqualified) superintendent, his partner Jane Andrews whose ambition is in fashion, handy-man Jake Hanson -also the artificial link with Spelling hit series Beverly Hills 90210- and photographer Jo Reynolds. At first it focuses on their neighborly and amical/amorous relationships, but as they get started in life their professional lives introduce new story lines, lovers and other characters, some of which become very important and/or move in, such as Michael's hospital rival Peter Burns, Billy and Allison's boss Amanda Woodward, Jane's crazy sister Sidney and many others, so the series evolves from a young soap to a mix of more dramatical stories, including adultery, divorce, even violent crimes. KGF Vissers Set in an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, Melrose Place was originally a spin-off from Beverly Hills 90210, but when its initial formula of looking at the lives of a group of well-meaning, attractive 20-somethings failed to get high ratings, writers introduced conflict in the form of less moral characters (notably Amanda Woodward played by Heather Locklear). Ratings improved, and storylines became more and more outrageous: characters coming back from the dead, multiple personalities, a bomb destroying the apartment complex. By the end of Season 4, story-lines appeared to tend towards being more "grounded", however. Paul Baker <bakerjp@unix.lancs.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zombie High (1987)Summaries A college freshman begins to notice that students at her new school are losing their individuality. She discovers that the faculty are operating on the students' brains to make them docile and productive, but she's having non of it. A woman goes to a previously all-male boarding school on a scholarship. She begins to separate herself from her boyfriend in order to devote more time to her new environment. Over time, she notices that more and more students have lost their individuality, and approach their activities in a lifeless and automatic manner. Eventually, a diabolical plot fostered by the faculty begins to emerge. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 