nm0008824:

 American Crime Story (2016 )55) An anthology series centered around America's most notorious crimes and criminals. A drama series that examines infamous historical American crimes. In Season 1, "The People vs OJ Simpson", we follow the OJ Simpson murder trial of 1994-95. Season 2, "The Assassination of Gianni Versace", covers the murder of fashion designer Gianni Versace in 1997. grantss The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story is a limited series that takes you inside the O.J. Simpson trial with a riveting look at the legal teams battling to convict or acquit the football legend of double homicide. Based on the book The Run of His Life: The People v. O.J. Simpson by Jeffrey Toobin, it explores the chaotic behind-the-scenes dealings and maneuvering on both sides of the court, and how a combination of prosecution overconfidence, defense shrewdness, and the LAPD's history with the city's African-American community gave a jury what it needed: reasonable doubt. FX Networks There are few truly unifying events in American life. When something happens that makes the entire country stop and take notice, we remember it forever. Everybody remembers where they were when O.J. Simpson, riding in a white Bronco, led the police on a low-speed chase all over Los Angeles. This marked the emergence of the 24-hour news cycle and the birth of reality television. Fox Told from the perspective of the lawyers, it explores the chaotic dealings behind closed doors and how prosecution overconfidence, defense shrewdness and shocking courtroom twists led to one of the most earth-shattering verdicts of all time. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Little Crazy (2003)Summaries "A Little Crazy" is a family drama that centers on Theo, a man in his early thirties, who on the day he decides to quit his dead-end job receives news of his father's suicide attempt and learns his wife may be pregnant. Theo must return home to help take care of his father and finds himself surrounded by his eccentric family. "A Little Crazy" is one family's quest for sanity. Jordan Ellis It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Office (20052013)66) A mockumentary on a group of typical office workers, where the workday consists of ego clashes, inappropriate behavior, and tedium. A mediocre paper company in the hands of Scranton, PA branch manager Michael Scott. This mockumentary follows the everyday lives of the manager and the employees he "manages." The crew follows the employees around 24/7 and captures their quite humorous and bizarre encounters as they will do what it takes to keep the company thriving. ahmetkozan This U.S. adaptation -- set at a paper company in Scranton, Pa. -- has a similar documentary style to that of the Ricky Gervais -led British original. It features the Dunder-Mifflin staff, which includes characters based on roles in the British show -- and, quite possibly, people with whom you work in your offifce. There's Jim, the likable employee who's a bit of an everyman. Jim has a thing for receptionist-turned-sales-rep Pam -- because office romances are always a good idea! There's also Dwight, the co-worker who is successful but devoid of social skills and common sense. Jwelch5742 The everyday lives of workers at a paper company are caught on camera by a camera crew for a documentary. Some of these workers are Michael Scott, the boss, who isn't too bright or funny. Dwight Shrute, a salesman who takes his job very, very, seriously. Jim Halpert, a salesman who is the office cool guy and prankster. And Pam Beesly, the receptionist who is engaged but who is also the crush of someone else in the office. With these characters, the daily antics of this branch is anything but normal. The Smarticus13 The U.S. version of The Office is set in the town of Scranton, Pennsylvania. The comedy show takes place in the Scranton branch of a failing paper company, Dunder Mifflin. It mainly revolves around Michael Scott (Steve Carell), the regional manager, Dwight Schrute (Rainn Wilson), the top salesman, Jim Halpert (John Krasinski), the office "funny-guy," and Pam Beesly (Jenna Fischer), the uncomfortable receptionist, and Ryan (B.J Novak) the silent cool guy. Mason F A remake of the hit 2001 BBC TV series "The Office" (2001)_, this is a mockumentary that documents the exploits of a paper supply company in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Made up of head chief Michael Scott, a harmlessly deluded and ignorantly insensitive boss who cares about the welfare of his employees while trying to put his own spin on company policy. With an office including the likes of various peers who have their own hangups, The Office (2005) takes a look at the lives of its co-workers: bored but talented salesman Jim, his mildly sociopathic, butt kissing enemy Dwight, mildly righteous receptionist Pam, and indifferent temp Ryan. mystic80 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The League (I) (20092015)211) An ensemble comedy that follows a group of old friends in a fantasy football league who care deeply about one another -- so deeply that they use every opportunity to make each other's lives miserable. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The beauty of search engine optimization is the simplification in finding exactly what you are looking for with as little as three key words. And, finding The League was exactly that typing sport movies into the search engine and refining the search by adding soccer; I found a show that would stay with me for a while to come. Heres why! I instantly knew this was the type of series that I could draw momentary thinking strategies from, believe to be an extension of my personality and mull over with like-minded folk isnt that the point of TV series anyway?!And, like all new successful shows, this one is semi-scripted, an increasingly addictive style that is soon to become convention. Lets spare a moment of thought for the employment of scriptwriters. So, whats great about a group of friends playing soccer in a grown mens fantasy football league? Its the seamless movement from real life to virtual life, for one; and, the characters themselves, a hallmark of any notable show. It also worked in my favour that my group of friends and I share similar fantasy premier leagues where the struggle to possess the topmost authority of bragging rights is close to being the king of the world. When such power, both in life and in The League, is at stake, its mind games galore stewed with interpersonal politics and brewed to a genius level of function or dysfunction, rendering the perfect cup of comedy. Throw some pure evil intentions and passions to the mix and you have a wonderfully engaging TV series to retreat to at the end of the day, or as soon as you wake up, which is what happens to me 10 out of 12 months. With a slowish by surely not a sluggish start, the pace picks up after the characters are sufficiently and interestingly introduced. Ticking all boxes of unique and stimulating depiction, the series disembarks on a journey of reaching a common goal-the glory of the Shiva Bowl- in myriad ways due to myriad personalities. In my opinion, that is the genius of any series characters for everyone and everyone for characters. Watch the series if you like football and have at some point believed that the ecosystem that exists on the field is comparable to the universe and all its humans at large. Its a thing of beauty this search engine optimization, because with 6 series of binge watching ahead of me, I will have no trouble finding my next addiction. 