nm0004301:

 Eddie (1996)Summaries Coincidences lead to the New York Knicks, getting its loudest fan, Edwina "Eddie" Franklin (Whoopi Goldberg), as coach. Season victory? Edwina "Eddie" Franklin (Whoopi Goldberg) is a New York City limousine driver and a fanatical follower of the New York Knicks professional basketball team. The team is struggling with a mediocre record when, in mid-season, "Wild Bill" Burgess (Frank Langella), the new owner, as a public relations gimmick, stages an "honorary coach" contest, which Eddie wins. The fans love it, so "Wild Bill" fires the coach and hires her. She takes the bunch of overpaid prima donnas that make up the team and turns them around. But the owner hopes to move the team, now the darling of the New York City fans, to St. Louis. He may own the team, but it belongs to the city and the fans. Bruce Cameron <dumarest@midcoast.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jawbreaker (1999)431) Three of the most popular girls at Reagan High accidentally kill the prom queen with a jawbreaker when a kidnapping goes horribly wrong. In a no-holds-barred birthday prank, three of Reagan High School's most popular girls - Julie, Marcie, and Courtney - pretend to kidnap the most popular, Liz Purr. Courtney shoves a jawbreaker into the victim's mouth ostensibly to keep her from screaming. Their plan goes awry when the girl accidentally swallows the jawbreaker, choking to death. The cool and calculating Courtney tries to cover the crime but is found out by school geek Fern Mayo. In return for her silence, Courtney transforms the gawky Fern into the stylishly beautiful Vylette, leaving the conscience-stricken Julie out in the cold, threatening to set her up for the girl's murder if she breaks her silence. Jonathan Ruskin (updated by R.M. Sieger) Meet Liz Purr: Friendly. Pretty. And popular. Flash-forward to the morning of her 17th birthday, and you'll find her, terrified, being taken out of her bed, tied-up, and taken to the trunk of the car that her three "best friends" (Courtney, Julie, and Marcie) are riding while Purr has been gagged with a jawbreaker. Everything goes terribly wrong after the three open the trunk and find Liz dead, from choking on the rock hard candy. Courtney is a cold-hearted bitch who couldn't care less about the death. Marcy is like Courtney's shadow who will agree to do anything Courtney says. Julie wants to go to the police but gets a war when Courtney decides to do anything to cover the case up. Anything. Shawn Gilson (updated by R.M. Sieger) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, we are introduced to four high school girls whom are blessed with beauty and charisma. They are known as the "Flawless Four" who are the most popular girls in Reagan High School in southern California. The clique consists of Courtney Shayne (Rose McGowan) known as Satan-in-heels; Marcie Fox (Julie Benz) known as 'Foxy'; Julie Freeman (Rebecca Gayheart); and Elizabeth Purr (Charlotte Ayanna), known as the "Princess Di of Reagan High." Of the four, Elizabeth Purr was the only one who was genuinely kind-hearted and loved by the entire school. Julie was "doomed to be popular because of 'that face' and because she was best friends with Elizabeth Purr". Cold-blooded queen bee Courtney and her airheaded friend, Marcie, demand respect through terror. However, Courtney, Marcie and Julie play a mindless prank on Liz the morning of her seventeenth birthday, by performing a fake kidnapping: They surprise Liz in bed, bind her with ropes (with Courtney ramming a jawbreaker candyball into her mouth to gag her) and cover it with duct tape. The girls trap Liz, dressed only in a shirt and panties, in the trunk of a car, as she struggles and squeals through her gag, and drive off. They plan to take the bound, gagged, and helpless girl to a restaurant and "stuff her face with pancakes". However, upon opening the trunk, they are greeted with the grisly sight of Liz dead, having choked to death by aspirating the jawbreaker into her larynx. Horrified, Julie wants to go to the police but Courtney forbids her. Instead, Courtney calls the school pretending to be Liz's mother and tells them Liz is ill and cannot attend school. To keep up appearances, Courtney, Marcie and Julie then go to school as though nothing had happened. When the principal sends school outcast Fern Mayo (Judy Greer) to deliver Liz's homework at the end of the day, she stumbles upon the three girls and Liz's mangled and decomposing body. Out of jealousy, Courtney fabricates a story that Liz died at the hands of a rapist, and plots to tarnish Liz's good reputation by spreading false rumors that she was actually a rebellious, promiscuous girl, and not the perfect angel she made herself out to be. Fern, who had admired Liz to the point of hero worship, is appalled and attempts to flee the house, but the girls easily catch her. To buy Fern's silence, Courtney accepts Fern into the clique, telling her to take Liz's place. Courtney and Marcie then give her a makeover, transforming her from plain and awkward to elegant and beautiful. Later in the school cafeteria, Courtney introduces Fern as the beautiful exchange student "Vylette." Julie, overwhelmed by guilt at her part in Liz's death, distances herself from the clique, only to be shunned and tormented by her former friends and becomes a new target for abuse throughout the school. Her only real friend during this time is her drama student boyfriend, Zack. Meanwhile, a police detective, Vera Cruz (Pam Grier) begins investigating Liz's death after her body was discovered by her parents who arrived home from a long vacation. With some cooperation from the wary principal Ms. Sherwood (Carol Kane), Detective Cruz interogates all of Liz's friends (Courtney, Marcie, and Julie included). All of them deny knowing anything about Liz's death. Fern/Vylette however comes across as suspicious due to her demeanor. But without any evidence, Cruz allows 'Vylette' to remain free. As Vylette's popularity soars, Julie watches in mute horror as Courtney spins a relentless web of lies, trickery and manipulation to cover up the murder and maintain her popularity at the school. A few days later, Julie learns from Detective Cruz (to her disgust) that after they'd returned Liz's corpse to her house, Courtney went out and seduced a stranger (Marilyn Manson) at a sleazy bar and had sex with him in Liz's bed, making it seem as though he had raped Liz. Meanwhile, Vylette becomes intoxicated with her newfound popularity, which has eclipsed Courtney's own. Realizing she has created a monster, Courtney threatens to reveal the truth about Vylette if she doesn't stop showing off, but Vylette vows she will reveal the whole truth about Liz's death if Courtney attempts to expose her. The next day, an infuriated Courtney and Marcie post enlarged yearbook photos of Fern Mayo all over the school with the message "Who is Vylette?" written on them, revealing Vylette's true identity. Fern is thoroughly humiliated by the entire school and once again reduced to an outcast. Feeling no remorse for the lives she has destroyed, Courtney casually attends the senior prom with her boyfriend, jock Dane Sanders (Ethan Erickson). Julie takes pity on Fern and forgives her for falling under Courtney's influence. Later that night as she sulks in her room, going through a bag of Liz's belongings that were given to her, Julie finds the recording card she was fiddling with when Courtney was faking Liz's death and discovers it has incidentally recorded Courtney's admission to the murder. Struck with an idea, Julie, Fern and Zack all hurry to the prom. Upon seeing them, Courtney, Marcie and a few of their lackeys call Julie and Fern names and try to embarrass them, but it backfires when the girls completely ignore their taunts and go on with their plan. Later on, as Dane and Courtney are announced as Prom King and Queen, Zack sneaks backstage and broadcasts the card message, "I killed Liz! I killed the teen dream! Deal with it!", over the sound system while Courtney is making her acceptance speech. Dane (seized with shock and disgust over the revelation) quickly abandons Courtney. Marcie also runs and hides to distance herself from Courtney. Horrified that her scheme has become unraveled, she races for the exit as the rest of the students pelt her with corsages and call her a murderer. Awaiting Courtney at the very end of the mob is Julie, who gleefully snaps a picture of her former friend's anguished face to immortalize the occasion. 
 Cop Land (1997)651) The Sheriff of a suburban New Jersey community, populated by New York City police officers, slowly discovers the town is a front for mob connections and corruption. Sometime in the 1970's, police officers from New York City wanted a safe haven to live, away from the dangers of the streets of New York City, this is when they established a "Cop Land" in the small New Jersey town of Garrison. Freddy Heflin who was always admired by the New York cops wanted to become one, but because he was deaf in one ear this prevents him from achieving his goal, but has become sheriff of Garrison. Recently there have been a dark omen surrounding the NYPD, and Freddy is now investigating on this case, then Internal Affairs officer Mo Tilden is also on the case and asks Freddy for help, but Freddy could not. Now Freddy suspects that a New York City cop named Ray Donlan might be one of the many cops who is corrupted by the mob and other criminals. Now, Freddy must find a cop who is nicknamed "Superboy" who can testify against Donlan and protect him, before Donlan finds Superboy and kills him. John Wiggins Policemen have always been the idols of Freddy Heflin. Due to being slightly deaf, Heflin could never pass the physical to become a police officer himself. However, because of his friendly, amiable nature, he's managed to get himself elected Sheriff of a small New Jersey county outside of New York City, and he lives in a town where many NYPD cops also live. Mo Tilden is an Internal Affairs investigator for the NYPD, and his investigation of some crooked cops leads him to this small town, and to Sheriff Freddy Heflin. Heflin begins to help Tilden, and discovers that some of his heroes may have feet of clay... Afterburner <aburner@erols.com> Freddy Heflin is the sheriff of Garrison, New Jersey, a small town that many NYPD officers call home. But when an officer is responsible for a violent incident involving a civilian, he leads his own investigation and uncovers a racially-charged conspiracy within the NYPD. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete A film about the duties (or lack thereof) of Sheriff Fred Heflin of a small New Jersey town occupied exclusively by police officers from New York City-the place Freddie wishes he was employed. His job is to look after the menial police tasks while the residents make and break the law as they see fit. The film progresses and Freddie develops a sudden motivation to do the right thing and become the legitimate law in town. An idea which meets with opposition. Anthony Nalli <cdsc@globalserve.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the fictional town of Garrison, New Jersey, located across the Hudson River from New York City, a number of residents are NYPD officers. Local sheriff Freddy Heflin (Sylvester Stallone) is secretly in love with Liz Randone (Annabella Sciorra), whose life he once saved after a car accident. Her rescue cost him the hearing in one ear and made him ineligible to become a New York City cop, as so many of his peers did, including Liz's abusive and unfaithful husband Joey Randone (Peter Berg). One night, Murray "Superboy" Babitch (Michael Rapaport), nephew of Lt. Ray Donlan (Harvey Keitel), is driving across the George Washington Bridge when his car is sideswiped by a couple of African-American teens. Babitch attempts to force them to pull over. The passenger points what Babitch thinks is a weapon and then the front tire of his car goes flat. (Superboy had run over a bottle leaving a nightclub in Manhattan.) Believing they have fired at him, Babitch shoots back. In an ensuing accident, the teens are killed. Jack Rucker (Robert Patrick) removes the steering wheel lock that Babitch mistook for a weapon from the hands of one of the dead teens and is caught trying to plant a weapon in their vehicle to justify the shooting. Worried about the repercussions on his career of having shot unarmed black teens, Babitch is persuaded by Donlan to fake his suicide. Ray pretends that Babitch has jumped off the bridge. Other corrupt police officers, including Detective Leo Crasky (John Spencer) and Frank Lagonda (Arthur Nascarella), fear that Babitch will resurface and testify about their corruption to Internal Affairs. Internal Affairs investigator Lt. Moe Tilden (Robert De Niro) asks if Heflin will provide information on the corrupt cops who live in his town. Heflin is intimidated by the New York City cops and is reluctant to betray them, derailing Tilden's investigation. Superiors in the department, related to the corrupt cops, order Tilden to shut down the investigation. Although the Babitch cover-up appears to be initially successful, Ray is told by Patrolmen's Defense Association President Vincent Lassaro (Frank Vincent) that without a body, the case will not stay cold. Ray reluctantly decides that his nephew must be killed. During a loud party held by Ray at his house, Babitch is tipped off by his aunt Rose (Cathy Moriarty). Ray, Jack and Frank try to drown Babitch in Ray's hot tub. When Joe Randone arrives at the party late, he hears the shots Babitch fired to stop his drowning -- Babitch flees in to the night and goes to Freddy's house looking for help, but when he sees Freddy's friend (and fellow NYPD cop) Gary "Figgsy" Figgis (Ray Liotta), he flees. Later at the bar the police all hang out at, Joey disagrees with Ray over his plans to find & eliminate his nephew. Later that evening while on patrol, Joey Randone gets into a fight with a violent suspect and is thrown off a rooftop. While he is clinging to an aerial and calling for help, Donlan sees him but fails to render assistance, in revenge for Randone's affair with Donlan's wife. By the time the cops get to the roof, Randone has fallen to his death. When Freddy realizes his mistake, he visits Tilden and is angrily told that the case was blown by his failure to co-operate sooner. As he leaves, Freddy sees a number of NYPD case files on the corrupt cops and steals them. He studies the files and realizes the extent of his friends' corruption. Deputy Cindy Betts (Janeane Garofalo) decides to leave Garrison, frustrated by the New York City cops having turned the town into their own personal fiefdom. Freddy returns home to find Figgsy packing to leave, not wanting to be further involved. Freddy finds out that Figgsy burned down his own house for the insurance money, accidentally killing his crack-addicted girlfriend Monica (Mel Gorham). Heflin manages to convince Rose to reveal where Babitch is hiding, then takes him to Garrison's jail. Heflin generously permits Deputy Bill Geisler (Noah Emmerich), who is nervous about protecting Babitch, to go home and take care of his pregnant wife. Heflin attempts to bring Babitch to New York City to turn over to Tilden there, but Lagonda, Donlan and Rucker ambush him. Rucker cruelly fires a gun next to Freddy's good ear, deafening and disabling him. Babitch is taken, presumably to be killed. On foot and almost totally deaf, Heflin follows them to Donlan's house, where a shootout commences. Heflin kills both Jack and Frank. Heflin is then shot in the shoulder by Leo Crasky, but is saved by the arrival of Figgsy, who kills Crasky. In the house, Babitch is trying to escape through a window. Donlan sneaks up behind Heflin, but before he can fire, Figgsy shoots. Barely hearing the shot, Heflin turns and shoots. As Donlan lies dying on the floor, he mutters obscenities, to which Heflin replies simply: "I can't hear you, Ray." Figgsy and Heflin personally take Babitch to New York City and to Internal Affairs, refusing to allow any other cop to do the job. Tilden takes the prisoner into custody. After the scandal has been investigated and indictments handed down, Heflin, who has recovered hearing in his good ear, ends up looking at the New York City skyline from across the Hudson River. Deputy Geisler notifies him about a jack-knifed truck and Freddy goes back to work. 
 American Pie (1999)431) Four teenage boys enter a pact to lose their virginity by prom night. Jim, Oz, Finch and Kevin are four friends who make a pact that before they graduate they will all lose their virginity. The hard job now is how to reach that goal by prom night. Whilst Oz begins singing to grab attention and Kevin tries to persuade his girlfriend, Finch tries any easy route of spreading rumors and Jim fails miserably. Whether it is being caught on top of a pie or on the Internet, Jim always ends up with his trusty sex advice from his father. Will they achieve their goal of getting laid by prom night? Or will they learn something much different? Film_Fan At a high-school party, four friends (Jim, Kevin, Finch, and Oz) find that losing their collective virginity isn't as easy as they had thought. But they still believe that they need to do so before college. To motivate themselves, they enter a pact to try to be the first to "score." And of course, the senior prom is their last best chance. As the fateful date draws near, the boys wonder who among them will get lucky. More importantly, do they really want to do it at all? Andy Zimolzak <zimolzak@jcisd.k12.mi.us> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. American Pie, set in the year 1999, focuses on a group of four close friends in their senior year at the fictional East Great Falls High School in west Michigan; Kevin Myers (Thomas Ian Nicholas), Chris "Oz" Ostreicher (Chris Klein), Jim Levenstein (Jason Biggs) and Paul Finch (Eddie Kaye Thomas), who is better known by his surname. Kevin is confident and charming and is dating his long-term girlfriend, Vicky Lathum (Tara Reid); Oz is a laid-back member of the high school lacrosse team; Jim is socially awkward and sexually nave and suffers pressure and questionable advice from his father (Eugene Levy); while Finch is a cappuccino-drinking sophisticate who plays golf and wears sports jackets. The four have very differing personalities, but share a common characteristic; they are all virgins, in sharp contrast to popular lacrosse player and arrogant jock Steve Stifler (Seann William Scott), whose wild, extravagant house parties they are regularly invited to. While at one of Stifler's such parties, the four each attempt to score with various girls at the party with very limited success. Oz is humiliated by an older girl, Finch is too late for the party and Jim attempts to talk to Czechoslovakian exchange student Nadia (Shannon Elizabeth), but fails completely. Kevin receives fellatio from Vicky, but she overhears him complaining about it to Jim and promptly dumps him. The next morning, the four wake up hungover and depressed, to find ultra-nerd Chuck "Sherminator" Sherman (Chris Owen) seeing off a pretty girl, and are left shocked and frustrated when The Sherminator claims that he lost his virginity to her the same night. Kevin decides to take a stand and defiantly declares that the four will make a pact, to lose their virginity before the school prom and graduation. Later, while eating breakfast in a restaurant, they toast each other to 'the next step' and formulate individual plans to achieve sexual success. Kevin immediately sets out to win Vicky back, but has to work very hard to even get a chance with her, and begins to seek advice from others. Vicky's best friend Jessica (Natasha Lyonne) reveals to Kevin that, despite his thinking otherwise, Vicky has never felt an orgasm from Kevin, and that he has to work on that above everything else. His older brother Tom (Casey Affleck) then passes onto Kevin the secret of 'The Bible' - a manual of love and sex compiled by various East Great Falls students over several decades. Both Jessica and Tom divulge their advice only after Kevin stresses he wants to make Vicky happy, rather than simply taking advantage of her for his pact. Kevin finally seizes a chance to make things up with Vicky, and performs oral sex on her in her bedroom using his new techniques. Vicky experiences an intense orgasm and is driven wild by Kevin, winning him the promise of sex at the prom after-party in the process. Meanwhile, Oz joins the school's jazz choir in an effort to lose his stereotyped reputation as a muscleheaded lacrosse jock and find a loving girlfriend there. He is mocked relentlessly at first by his friends and the other choir members, but soon wins the attention of Heather (Mena Suvari), one of the choir singers who also suffers being stereotyped as a priss. She swiftly asks him out to the prom with her, but changes her mind upon seeing Stifler and his friends mocking her, and assuming Oz was doing the same. A desperate Oz volunteers to become lead vocalist alongside Heather to try and regain her trust. He succeeds when she catches him tirelessly rehearsing alone in the theatre, and pays him a visit after-hours at the sandwich bar he works at to reconcile. Their relationship is dealt another blow when Oz realizes his last ever lacrosse game for East Great Falls clashes with the choir competition, but a frustrated Oz decides to abandon the game halfway-through and rushes over to the music hall, where he makes it just in time. He performs the long-awaited duet with Heather to rapturous applause from the audience, including Kevin and Jim themselves. After Oz describes third base to Jim as "like warm apple pie", a curious Jim temporarily loses his sanity and has full missionary sex with a freshly-baked apple pie left on the table by his mother (giving the film its eponymous title). His father walks in on the act and is left stunned and disappointed by his son's actions. Now almost without hope, Jim has a stroke of luck when Nadia, seemingly at random, asks him if she can come round to his house and study with him. After dropping the crucial detail that she'll be coming straight from ballet practice and will need to change, Stifler persuades Jim to set up a webcam in his room so that they can all watch Nadia stripping together over the internet. Upon Nadia's arrival, Jim sets up the webcam and dashes across the street to join Kevin and Finch at Kevin's house. Against expectation, an almost-naked Nadia discovers Jim's pornography collection and begins to passionately masturbate on his bed, causing a riotous reaction from Stifler, Kevin and Finch on the other end, as well as Stifler's young brother Matt (Eli Marienthal). Kevin and Finch force Jim to go back and seduce her while the moment lasts, which ends with Nadia forcing Jim to strip and dance for her while she reads his pornography. By now, various groups of East Great Falls seniors, including members of Blink 182, are watching the live action in excited anticipation, as Sherman reveals that Jim accidentally addressed the webcam link to everybody in the entire school directory. Nadia then seduces Jim and sits him down next to her on the bed, but unfortunately, he prematurely ejaculates, disappointing Nadia and completely grossing out his live web audience. A desperate Jim pleads for Nadia not to go and wins her around, but when Nadia takes her panties off, he involuntarily ejaculates again upon touching her clitoris. Nadia swiftly exits, leaving Jim a nervous wreck. The next day, Jim has become the laughing stock of the entire high school and is left despondent and depressed, especially upon hearing that Nadia has been immediately sent back home to Czechoslovakia by her sponsors after the incident. However, he senses luck when unpopular band geek Michelle Flaherty (Alyson Hannigan) randomly begins to talk to him. Upon revealing she knows nothing about the webcam incident, he seizes the opportunity to ask her out to the prom with him, which she gleefully accepts. Finch at first appears to have no plan, but Kevin's suspicions arise when corroborative rumours begin flying around the school that Finch has legendary sexual prowess, has had relations with older women, and that he even knocked out Stifler in a fight. Kevin investigates and discovers that Finch paid Jessica $200 to spread the rumours under the pretense of truth. Finch quickly becomes the most talked-about and most awe-inspiring senior in the whole school, with hordes of girls desperate to go to the prom with him. However, Stifler, angry about the rumours against him, spikes Finch's mochaccino with laxatives, and promptly dupes him into using the girls' restroom, where Finch suffers explosive diarrhea in the presence of several senior girls. Afterwards, he emerges to a torrent of mockery, laughter and abuse from a hysterical crowd of seniors, with Stifler at the helm, and is left humiliated, broken and completely dateless. The prom night finally comes around. Finch is the only one of the four who attends alone, but Jessica, also alone and feeling guilty for taking his money, offers to dance with him, even giving him a brand new hip flask as a gift for his troubles. The prom itself is cheap, tacky and uneventful and derided by most of the students, but a cocky, bragging Kevin sees it as a good time to query his friends for a "status check" on their pact. Oz and Finch are disinterested, and a burnt-out Jim lets loose and rages at Kevin for causing all the pressure, insisting that sex isn't at all as important as they previously made out. The outburst shatters Kevin's bravado and makes him wonder whether things will truly go as planned between him and Vicky. However, their spirits are all collectively lifted, when Chuck Sherman's partner at the prom gets up onto the stage and announces in front of everybody that Chuck is a liar and is actually still a virgin. Chuck wets himself in embarrassment, and the four boys excitedly catch the bus to Stifler's huge post-prom party at his mansion on Lake Michigan. As the party begins to gain traction, the four boys all individually fulfill their pact with almost no conscious effort. Kevin and Vicky go to an upstairs bedroom where they finally have sex for the first time, but their desires for perfection and timing cause the interaction to become rigid and awkward throughout. While walking along the lakeside, an emotional Oz confesses the pact to Heather, who becomes wary, but he renounces the pact and declares that he's already won just by being with her at the prom. They passionately embrace each other at the dockside, naturally and fluidly moving into their first sexual experience. Meanwhile, Jim is snoozing through Michelle's immature band camp stories, but chokes on his drink when she reveals she knows more about orgasms than she's letting on. Michelle leads him upstairs, where she reveals she actually knew all along about the webcam incident, only accepting Jim's date because he was a "sure thing". Jim finally gets to have disaster-free sex, but Michelle is dominant and violently aggressive, shouting abuse at Jim, roughing him up and smashing things up with her hands and feet out of sheer passion. Finally, a bored Finch wanders around restricted areas of the house and bumps into Stifler's mom (Jennifer Coolidge), whose aura and natural beauty takes him aback. After some sophisticated, upper-class conversation and flirting, she becomes aroused by Finch's precociousness, and they proceed to make love on the snooker table as the party goes on through the night. Dawn breaks early the next morning over Stifler's mansion, which is littered with sleeping seniors. Oz watches the sun rise with a smile as Heather snuggles into his lap at the lakeside, the couple looking extremely content. Kevin and Vicky are also awake, but both are contemplative and neither seem happy. Vicky amicably breaks up with Kevin, citing their separation due to their choice of university and the physical distance it causes, a topic she discussed earlier with Jessica. Kevin is left saddened, but accepts Vicky's reasoning. Meanwhile, Jim wakes up and goes to cuddle Michelle in bed, only to find himself hugging an inflatable toy shark with no Michelle in sight. He quickly realizes Michelle used and abused him for a sordid one night stand, but is left brimming with happiness at how cool the prospect of being used is. Finally, Finch is asleep with Stifler's mom when a hungover Stifler enters the room; he is so shocked at the sight that he collapses and passes out. Later on, Kevin, Oz, Jim and Finch all go to their favorite hang-out restaurant, the fittingly-named "Dog Years", for breakfast. Far from celebrating their pact with stories, they all remain very conservative and hushed about their experiences the night before, with Oz gleefully refusing to even confirm whether he had sex or not. Regardless, the four lads are now collectively happier than they ever were before, and once again toast each other to 'the next step' as they prepare to leave high school and move away to university. The film ends with Jim setting up his webcam in his room once again, and stripping and dancing to country music. Nadia is on the other end, back in her home country, smiling and laughing at Jim. His father walks in on the act, but sees the funny side. He walks out and starts dancing down the corridor, presumably to make love to his wife, as he seductively mutters "sweetheart!". 