nm0004726:

 Cursed (2005)321) A werewolf loose in Los Angeles changes the lives of three young adults who, after being mauled by the beast, learn they must kill it in order to avoid becoming werewolves themselves. Ellie has been taking care of her younger brother Jimmy since their parents death. One night after picking him up from a party they are involved in a car accident on Mullholland Drive. While trying to rescue a woman from the other car a creature attacks and kills her, also injuring both Ellie and Jimmy. After some research Jimmy realizes the creature could only have been a werewolf. kwedgwood@hotmail.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins when two friends, Jenny Tate and Becky Morton, are at a pier and decide to get their fortune told by Zela. She foretells that they will suffer a horrible fate, but they don't believe her and walk away laughing. A little while later, Becky realizes Jenny has disappeared and can't find her on the pier; Becky was driving. One night, while in a car together, Jimmy and his sister Ellie hit an animal and another car. They attempt to rescue the other driver, Becky Morton, but she is suddenly dragged and eaten by an unknown creature. Jimmy and Ellie are both slashed by the creature's claws. Jimmy starts to believe that the creature was a werewolf, but no one will believe him. He and his sister start to exhibit wolfish tendencies (such as both of them eating raw bacon, Ellie catching a fly in her bare hand, and being attracted to the smell of blood) but Ellie denies it, apparently proving her point by touching a silver picture frame and not getting burned. Jimmy becomes much stronger, as exampled when a bully named Bo forces him to join the wrestling team. He easily defeats three wrestlers, including Bo. Meanwhile, Jenny is torn apart in a parking garage by a wolf-like creature. Zela's prediction for Jenny and Becky comes true. Eventually, Ellie starts to believe the werewolf idea, and Jimmy proves it when he holds a silver cake server and gets burned (he then discovers that the picture frame Ellie touched was actually stainless steel). He goes to warn Ellie with the help of Bo, who shows up at their house to come out as gay and apparently likes Jimmy. Bo and Jimmy race to where Ellie is, and in the meantime she figures out that her boyfriend, Jake, is a werewolf. He confirms that, but claims it wasn't him that attacked her and Jimmy. Another werewolf attacks, seemingly proving his story. Bo and Jimmy try to help, but Bo is knocked out. The new werewolf is revealed to be Joanie, a publicist who had a one-night-stand with Jake and became a werewolf (with proof of a pentagram on her right hand). She wants revenge by killing all of the other girls he dates. He refuses to let her hurt Ellie, and she knocks him out. Joanie soon turns into a werewolf and starts attacking. Ellie and Jimmy fight her, and she finally runs and hides when the police arrive. The two draw her out by insulting her, which she (in werewolf form) gives them the finger. The police open fire, apparently killing her. The only way to kill a werewolf is to separate the brain from the heart. As she rises again, a cop shoots her in the head, finally killing her. Bo is okay, but Jake has disappeared. Jimmy and Ellie return to a wrecked home. Their dog bit Jimmy and became a werewolf as well and destroyed the house in an uncontrollable rage. As Jimmy goes to try to fix the power, Jake arrives. He reveals that he did in fact bite Ellie and Jimmy, and he wants Ellie to live forever by his side after he kills Jimmy. She refuses, and the two fight it out, but her werewolf side only emerges and disappears at small intervals, while he has complete control over his werewolf side and dominates the fight. Jimmy joins in, climbing across the ceiling and biting Jake, distracting him long enough for Ellie to stab him with the silver cake server, badly injuring him. Ellie decapitates Jake with a shovel and breaking the curse on her, Jimmy and their dog. A girl Jimmy likes named Brooke shows up with their dog, having learned where they live from Bo, who also shows up. Bo and Jimmy are now friends; Jimmy kisses Brooke and walks her home along with Bo. Ellie goes to clean up the mess that is their house 
 Tropic Thunder (2008)651) Through a series of freak occurrences, a group of actors shooting a big-budget war movie are forced to become the soldiers they are portraying. Action movie star Tugg Speedman is on the downslide of his professional career. He wants to be considered a serious actor, but his latest serious role as the title character in "Simple Jack" resulted in negative reviews and ridicule. Comedian Jeff Portnoy is best known for his leading roles in sophomoric comedies, and may be less well known for his rampant drug use. Five time Oscar winner Kirk Lazarus is a serious method actor, who immerses himself in whatever the role. On location in southeast Vietnam, they are the stars of "Tropic Thunder", based on Vietnam war veteran 'Four Leaf' Tayback's memoirs of his rescue during the war, that rescue which was considered a near suicide mission for the assigned army force and resulted in him losing both hands. For his role, Caucasian Australian Lazarus even went through a controversial surgical skin dying procedure so that he could convincingly play a black man. Production is not going well since rookie director Damien Cockburn is unable to control the prima-donna attitude of his three stars. Cockburn and Tayback decide that the five primary actors - Speedman, Portnoy, Lazarus, rapper Alpa Chino, and newcomer Kevin Sandusky - need to work together as a unit as did their real life characters. The five are placed in the middle of the jungle, and with only a map and their prop machine guns in hand, are asked to work together to battle through the stunt pyrotechnics in their way. What none of the seven of them know is that they have been dropped into a real life drug war led by the Flaming Dragons. It isn't until Speedman is captured by the Flaming Dragons and tortured that they all realize that what they believed was make believe gunfire and land mines was actually real life. As the four actors try to figure out what to do concerning Speedman's situation, all five go through their own journey of self-discovery. Meanwhile, the movie's megalomaniacal profanity spewing producer Les Grossman and Speedman's faithful agent Rick Peck argue about what to do about Speedman's situation. And Tayback inadvertently shows a little of his true self. Huggo Sgt. Fourleaf Tayback is the author of the international best seller "Tropic Thunder" detailing his accounts of the Vietnam War. Now that book has been turned into a movie. Directed by first time director Damian Cockburn, the film stars veteran action hero Tug Speedman, multi - character comedy actor Jeff Portnoy, star of the "Fatties Fart II" (more famous for his off camera drug addiction arrests than his acting), and three time Oscar winner Kirk Lazarus (famous for his total immersion style of acting) - fresh off his most recent Cannes film festival smash. Rounding out the cast is character actor Kevin Sandusky and rapper Alpa Chino, who in his spare time, hawks an energy drink known as "Booty Sweat". When filming the movie's climactic scene goes horribly awry with a pyromaniac blowing up the Vietnamese jungle side off camera, the film's director, with convincing from executive producer Les Grossman, and Sgt. Tayback himself, decide to take the film in a much different direction. Now shooting the movie guerrilla style, the actors are taken deep in the jungle. There, Cockburn is killed by a landmine, and Speedman is kidnapped by ruthless drug lords who are enamored with his box office flop "Simple Jack". The rest of the crew then has to band together to save Speedman - who are convinced they are a real army. Can they overcome their differences to become a real military unit, save Speedman, and win best picture? Or will they face the wrath of their hot headed, foul mouthed, executive producer? halo1k Vietnam veteran Sgt. John "Four Leaf" Tayback's autobiography is being made into a film titled Tropic Thunder. The main cast consists of action-star Tugg Speedman, whose career is in stagnation, Australian Academy Award winner Kirk Lazarus, two-bit comedian Jeff "Fats" Portnoy, who has gained notoriety for his severe drug abuse, rapper Alpa Chino, and rookie actor Kevin Sandusky. Despite the massive amount of money pumped into the film, production is a month behind schedule, and director Damien Cockburn cannot keep the cast in order. After studio executive Les Grossman threatens to shut down the film for good unless Cockburn can get his house in order, Cockburn comes up with an unorthodox way of reshooting the film, which includes sending the five-man acting crew into the isolated jungles of Southeast Asia on their own. However, the actors don't realize that they have been sent into the Golden Triangle region, a drug-producing region where the Flaming Dragon cartel is operating. When the actors realize they are facing a genuine threat, they are forced to become the very soldiers they are portraying. Sam To make the war movie to end all war movies, the British director, Damien Cockburn, assembles an A-list of prima-donna actors--Tugg Speedman, Jeff Portnoy, and Kirk Lazarus--to turn into a Vietnam epic the authentic memoirs of the burnt-out veteran, "Four Leaf" Tayback. However--with the movie already behind schedule, and the producer threatening to abandon the project--the ambitious filmmaker drops the cast in the impenetrable Vietnamese jungle to add a dash of realism, unbeknownst to them that the entire region is controlled by an armed-to-the-teeth heroin-producing gang. Now, amid a glorious improvisation extravaganza with live ammunition, the stars of the show will have to step up and work together for the first time in a long while. Do they have what it takes to get out of there in one piece? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A commercial depicts rapper Alpa Chino ( Brandon T. Jackson ) promoting his two brands -- the "Booty Sweat" energy drink and "Bust-A-Nut" candy bar -- while performing his hit song, "I Love Tha' Pussy." The first trailer shows action star Tugg Speedman's ( Ben Stiller ) latest film, Scorcher VI: Global Meltdown, a film so much like its five predecessors that even the trailer narrator sounds shaky about it. In another trailer, funnyman Jeff "Fatty" Portnoy ( Jack Black ) plays every member of "America's favorite obese family" in the highly flatulent The Fatties: Fart 2. The final trailer, for a film called Satan's Alley, features Australian "five-time Oscar winner" Kirk Lazarus ( Robert Downey Jr. ) and Tobey Maguire (as himself) as two monks who begin an impassioned affair. We are taken, via the narration of John "Four Leaf" Tayback ( Nick Nolte ), into a gruesome battle of the Vietnam War. This is actually a scene from Tropic Thunder, a big-budget adaptation of Tayback's wartime memoir. Starring as the central platoon are Speedman, Lazarus, Chino and Portnoy, as well as young character actor Kevin Sandusky ( Jay Baruchel ). To play the role of Sgt. Lincoln Osiris, an African American, Lazarus has dyed his skin dark and refuses to break character. ("I don't drop character 'till I done the DVD commentary.") A take of Osiris crying over Tayback's (Speedman's) blown-off hands is ruined when Speedman is unable to cry and Lazarus dribbles uncontrollably into Speedman's face. The ruined take causes great frustration for the film's director, Damien Cockburn ( Steve Coogan ). The chaos is exacerbated when the film's pyrotechnics expert, Cody ( Danny McBride ), mistakes Cockburn's conniptions for a signal to set off several expensive explosions. Faux Access Hollywood clips reveal that Speedman's career has been on a downward spiral. In an attempt at Oscar-bait, Speedman had played the "retard" title character in a flop called Simple Jack, which is considered one of the worst films of all time. Meanwhile, much to the horror of Speedman's agent, Rick "Pecker" Peck ( Matthew McConaughey ), Speedman doesn't even have TiVO on location. Elsewhere, Cockburn is berated in a meeting, via satellite TV, by the belligerent studio head Les Grossman ( Tom Cruise ). With filming a month behind schedule only five days into shooting, the media has dubbed the production "the most expensive war movie never made." Cockburn tries to explain that the prima donna stars are what's dragging the production down, but Grossman is not sympathetic. Later, the real "Four-Leaf" Tayback, who has hooks for hands, takes Cockburn aside and suggests that he drop the actors in a real jungle and use Cody's explosives to inspire real fear in them. Cockburn enthusiastically agrees. Speedman, Lazarus, Chino, Portnoy and Sandusky are dropped off deep in the jungle with Cockburn, who sternly explains that he's going to use hidden cameras ("guerrilla-style") to capture real fear as they try to survive the real jungle. The actors' cell phones are destroyed by Cockburn and they're only given a map and a scene listing to guide them to the helicopter waiting to pick them up elsewhere in the jungle. As he walks away, Cockburn is blown to pieces by an old landmine. The actors, with the exception of Lazarus, are convinced that this is some of Cockburn's special effects trickery. The group is being watched by members of Flaming Dragon, a gang that manufactures and sells heroin. The Dragons believe the actors to be DEA agents and are put off to see Speedman making a gruesome display of Cockburn's severed head, , trying to convince the others that Cockburn's death is a trick. Believing the Dragons to be actors playing Vietcong, Speedman and company engage them in a gunfight (though Speedman's group is firing only blank rounds). Tayback and Cody, waiting on a nearby ridge and unaware of the real dangers below, blow a large explosive that causes the Dragons to retreat. (By coincidence, Speedman throws a prop grenade toward the Dragons almost simultaneously.) After the "fight scene," the actors march into the jungle to continue the "shoot." Tayback and Cody attempt to locate the now-deceased director. As the two argue and struggle (during which it is revealed that Tayback still has hands), they are surrounded and captured by the Dragons. In captivity, Tayback reveals to Cody that he's not really a veteran, has never left the U.S. before, and originally wrote the book as a "tribute." The actors continue their rigorous trek through the jungle. It is revealed that Portnoy is a heroin addict, but disguises the drug as candy. One night, a bat swoops down and steals Portnoy's heroin. Speedman and Lazarus clash as Speedman insists on holding the map and continuing to do scenes. The two discuss their careers, with Lazarus backhandedly complimenting Speedman on acting "like the dumbest motherfucker who ever lived" in Simple Jack, before telling him that his mistake was playing Jack as being completely mentally disabled rather than just socially impaired. He tells Speedman to "never go full retard" in the future, as the Academy rarely gives Oscars to actors who do that. Meanwhile, Chino grows angry at Lazarus for continuing to offensively "act black," as he always stays in character. After Lazarus steals the map from Speedman, Sandusky (the only one with boot camp training) looks at the map and reveals that Speedman has been leading them the wrong way. The group splits from Speedman, who insists on continuing in the wrong direction. Speedman's sanity seems to be slipping as he continues to act scenes from the film and even, much to his own distress, kills a giant panda one night, mistaking it for the enemy. Speedman is soon captured by the Dragons and taken back to their camp, which he believes is a prisoner of war camp mentioned in the Tropic Thunder script. When he is tormented by the gang's prepubescent leader Tran ( Brandon Soo Hoo ), Speedman stutters and is recognized as the star of Simple Jack, which turns out to be the only film the Dragons have seen, leaving them awestruck at meeting their superstar hero. They force Speedman to perform scenes from the film many times a day. Speedman even gets a toddler hanger-on, a "son" of sorts, whom he names "Half-Squat." The Dragons call Peck, Speedman's agent, and explain that they are holding Speedman for ransom. Peck brings this to to the attention of Les Grossman, who rabidly curses at the Dragon on the other end of the line. That night, Grossman learns the Dragons are heroin manufacturers and receives another call for increased ransom; Grossman tells them that they can kill Speedman. He tells Peck that they can benefit by letting the Dragons kill Speedman and collecting the insurance; he offers the torn agent a share of the profits, suggesting he can buy a G5 (Gulfstream) luxury plane. Meanwhile, among the actors, tension grows between Lazarus and Chino. Portnoy has begun to hallucinate due to his withdrawal and has to be tied to a water buffalo and then, at his own insistence, to a concrete column. Soon, Portnoy is pleading with the others to untie him. During a conversation about women "back home," Sandusky expresses envy of Lazarus because he dated Jennifer Love Hewitt. In the course of the conversation, Chino is revealed to be a closet homosexual (he is in love with someone named Lance). They soon stumble upon Flaming Dragon's heroin factory. After seeing Speedman being tortured, they plan an ambush based on the film's plot. Lazarus impersonates a farmer speaking broken Chinese who has caught Portnoy (again tied to his water buffalo) on his farm, distracting the armed guards as Chino and Sandusky sneak into the building the captives are held in. After the gang notices inconsistencies in Lazarus' story, the actors open fire on the gang, temporarily subduing them despite being armed with only blank ammunition. Portnoy kidnaps the gang's child leader Tran in order to be led to the drugs. After barely defeating the young crime lord in combat, he finds an enormous mound of heroin; however, reflecting upon his failing low-brow movie career, he rejects the heroin and uses it instead to subdue two guards. Tayback and Cody join the fighting, using Cody's flamethrower and explosives against the Dragons. However, Portnoy, Chino, and Lazarus find Speedman brainwashed. He's performing to an approving crowd several times a day and now believes he is home. Before they can snap him out of it, Lazarus breaks down, revealing his similar inner struggle with his own identity. With Chino and Sandusky's help, Lazarus drops the Sgt. Osiris character, in both make-up and accent, and becomes his white Australian self. However, even Sandusky's inspiring words cannot break Speedman's trance and they have to drag him away as they attempt to escape in Cody and Tayback's recaptured helicopter. The Dragons quickly reassemble, chasing the actors across a bridge which Cody has rigged to blow up. Speedman asks to remain behind with his "family," but quickly returns with Half-Squat (on his shoulder and stabbing him in the neck) and the murderous Dragons in pursuit. Tayback detonates the bridge just in time for Speedman to get across. Lazarus goes to rescue Speedman from the rubble. They swear friendship and Speedman is finally able to cry. However, just as they get in the helicopter with the others, Tran appears with a rocket launcher. As he shoots at the helicopter, Peck inexplicably appears with Speedman's TiVO and deflects the rocket with it. A documentary of the botched production is made from the hidden camera footage and results in a multiple-Academy-Award-winning blockbuster film. The film breaks Speedman's streak of flops and he wins the award for Best Actor, which is presented by his friend Lazarus. Along with Portnoy, Sandusky is present with Jennifer Love Hewitt on his arm and Chino attends with Lance Bass (the "Lance" mentioned earlier) on his arm. Les Grossman does a hip-hop dance in celebration of the hit. 
 Zoolander (2001)651) At the end of his career, a clueless fashion model is brainwashed to kill the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Derek Zoolander is VH1's three time male model of the year, but when Hansel wins the award instead, Zoolander's world becomes upside down. His friends disappear, his father is disappointed in him, and he feels that he's not good as a model anymore. But when evil fashion guru Mugatu hires Zoolander, he thinks his life has turned back round again, that is until he finds out that Mugatu has actually brainwashed him to kill the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Can Zoolander and his new friends find out how to prevent the incident before it's too late? FilmFanUK Male supermodel Derek Zoolander is on his way down after three years of continuously winning the "Male Model of the Year" award. When he is beaten by the hot newcomer Hansel, Derek starts searching for a new meaning in his life. Just then fashion czar Mugatu offers Derek a comeback in his new "Derelicte"-line. What nobody suspected is that Mugatu plans to assassinate the new Malaysian Prime Minister on his visit to New York, so that cheap child labor is still available for Mugatu's fashion producing. By brainwashing Zoolander, Mugatu and his evil associate Katinka create a dumb and willing killer to do the job. Only in Time Magazine journalist Matilda suspicion arises slowly, and she tries to stop Derek. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Derek Zoolander, a dimwitted male model, feels threatened by the new and popular Hansel; after his friends and fellow models are killed in a freak gasoline fight, he announces his retirement from modeling. However, he is persuaded by Mugatu and his lackey, Katinka Inga Shanana, to lead their Derelicte fashion show. Unbeknownst to Derek, he had been brainwashed into killing the Prime Minister of Malaysia. Along the way, he befriends his former rival, Hansel, and Matilda, a reporter who defamed him; they eventually save him from Mugatu. Anu H. Derek Zoolander has been the dominant male model in the industry for three years thanks to his patented "look," Blue Steel. On the night of the VH1 Fashion Awards, what should be his fourth trophy goes to an upstart model named Hansel. Adding to the insult, a story in Time magazine brands him an idiot. Derek decides to retire and seek out his roots. Meanwhile, the new prime minister of Malaysia has upset a secret coalition of fashion designers by promising to raise the minimum wage, effectively ending their supply of cheap labour in sweatshops. Sensing disaster, the covert group charges Mugatu, the current king of haute couture, to find a mindless male model to brainwash into assassinating the new world leader. Derek, rejected by his family, stumbles predictably into Mugatu's hands and the only ones who can save him are the reporter who took away his good name, his rival Hansel, and a mysterious model from the past who sheds light on the whole conspiracy. They have to work against time and Derek's ineptitude to stop him from killing on the night Mugatu reveals his newest clothing line with the Malaysian minister as his "honoured guest." Lordship <lordship@juno.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. News footage datelined Kuala Lumpur: newly elected Prime Minister Hassan ( Woodrow W. Asai ) of Malaysia promises to increase the minimum wage and eliminate child labor. The screen rolls up to reveal a large, dimly lit space in a warehouse. Clothing designer Jacobim Mugatu ( Will Ferrell ) has been called on the carpet by a secret international cabal of fashion industry moguls. The cabal is disturbed because the new prime minister's policies will cut deeply into the fashion industry's profits. They direct Mugatu to assassinate the PM using a brainwashed agent -- someone who isn't too bright. Apparently they've done this sort of thing before. Mugatu reluctantly agrees (he'd prefer to concentrate on the upcoming show for his new collection), but wonders where he'll find someone dumb enough. Cut to a photo shoot where male model Derek Zoolander ( Ben Stiller ) is being made up while reporter Matilda Jeffries ( Christine Taylor ) interviews him for an article in Time magazine. Derek says he decided to become a model "the first time I went through the second grade," when he realized how good-looking he was. He shows Matilda a couple of the "looks" -- facial expressions -- he's best known for, including Blue Steel and the "softer" Le Tigre. They look exactly the same. The rest of the scene is intercut with footage of celebrities giving sound bites in praise of Derek Zoolander. Derek tells Matilda about Magnum, a new look he's been working on for 8 or 9 years, but says he isn't ready to show it to anyone. The TV coverage for the VH1 Fashion Awards starts, naturally, with the arrival of the key players. First to roll up is Derek, who we learn is three-time Male Model of the Year. He's defending his title against the hippie-ish Hansel ( Owen Wilson ), a fabulously successful rookie. Hansel arrives on a folding scooter and does tricks with a yo-yo as he walks down the red carpet. Next in are Mugatu, who's picketed by protesters supporting Prime Minister Hassan's fair wage laws, and Zoolander's agent, Maury Ballstein ( Jerry Stiller , Ben's father) of Balls Models, who arrives in time to stop Derek from revealing anything about Magnum to a TV interviewer. Inside, Fabio accepts the "Slashie" award for the "best actor 'slash' model and not the other way around." When the Male Model of the Year is announced, Derek mishears the announcement and embarrasses himself by trotting up to accept Hansel's award. In the audience, Mugatu tells Maury that Derek is just the idiot he's looking for to resolve the Malaysian situation. Maury sadly agrees that Derek, now washed up, is "ready." Derek stumbles out of the awards ceremony, stares at his reflection in a puddle, and asks it who he is. (It doesn't know either.) Hansel rides by and taunts Derek. Derek walks through the city watching his billboard pictures changing to pics of Hansel while a Jumbotron TV replays his award gaffe. He gets home and crashes in his bunk; his three roommates are already asleep in adjacent bunks. Next morning, Derek's roommates Brint ( Alexandre Manning ), Rufus ( Asio Highsmith ), and Meekus ( Alexander Skarsgrd ), who are also male models, sit around complaining about Hansel. Derek, sporting penguin-print feetie pajamas, interrupts the grouse-fest to wonder if they should be doing something more meaningful with their lives -- helping people. His roommies suggest that orange mocha frappuccinos will make it easier to sort out these important issues. Cut to the boys out for a drive with their drinks. They pull into a gas station and start a playful water fight with the windshield squeegees. Derek sees someone discarding a copy of Time and goes off to retrieve it. He's on the cover, but the coverage isn't kind: "Derek Zoolander: a model idiot?" In the background, the water fight has progressed into a (still playful) gasoline fight. Then one of the boys lights a cigarette and the resulting fireball kills all three of them. Derek gives the eulogy (or eugoogoly, as he pronounces it) at the triple funeral. He uses the opportunity to announce his retirement from modeling (though he's interrupted by the late arrival of Hansel and his entourage). On the way out of the cemetery (St. Adonis), he runs into Matilda, who is failing to persuade Mugatu to talk to her. She apologizes to Derek for the "harsh" Time story and blames her editor for the headline. She asks Derek to help her find background on Mugatu, but he brushes her off. At Balls Models, Derek tells Maury he wants to go home and reconnect with his family. He also wants to do something meaningful with his life; he dreams of teaching underprivileged children to read. Maury reminisces about Derek's beginnings in the business and how he couldn't turn left to save his ass. (He still can't.) He tells Derek that Mugatu wants to hire him, but he can't convince Derek not to retire. Cut to Coal Mining Country, Southern New Jersey. In a snakeprint suit with matching luggage, Derek catches up with his father ( Jon Voight ) and brothers outside the coal mine. He wants to work with them in the mines. His father is dismissive, but Derek insists. Back in the city, Mugatu is bitchy to a model ("I'm sorry, did my pin get in the way of your ass?") and tells Maury to get Derek back. Derek is doing a fetching but ineffectual turn at coalmining. At a bar after work, a TV commercial in which Derek appears as a mermaid ("mer-man!" Derek insists) is the last straw for his father and brothers. Although Derek pleads that all he ever wanted "was to make you proud of me, Pop," he's disowned and sent packing. In the parking lot, he asks the stars "who am I?" When his absurdly tiny cell phone rings he assumes it's God, but it's only Maury, calling about a fabulous new offer from Mugatu. In Mugatu's office, after some suggestive byplay between Mugatu and his assistant over an overly foamy latte, Derek is shown the fabulous new offer: an architect's model of the Derek Zoolander Center for Kids who Can't Read Good. Derek is incensed ("what is this? a center for ants?"), but allows Mugatu to placate him after they agree that the center needs to be at least ... three times bigger than the model. Matilda visits Balls Models to interview Maury about Mugatu; Maury claims to know nothing about him. He advises her to get a push-up bra. Meanwhile, Mugatu shows Derek the new collection he'll be representing: Derelicte, "inspired by the very homeless, the vagrants, the crack whores who make this wonderful city so unique." He introduces the tall and sinister Katinka Ingabogovinanana ( Milla Jovovich ), Derek's minder. She takes him to a very exclusive day spa, where he's to get a massage and brainwashing. Archie ( Matt Levin ), a flunky at Time who has the hots for Matilda, gives her a big pile of information he's gathered about Mugatu -- but reports that he's found nothing before 1995. A mysterious tipster whose hand is encased in an odd glass contraption calls Matilda and directs her to Pier 12, the location of the spa. She sneaks in and has an awkward conversation with Derek (who unlike Matilda is completely unembarrassed by his post-massage erection) before being thrown out by Katinka, who insults Matilda's wardrobe for good measure. The brainwashing sequence features lots of little animated Mugatus and explains why child labor is a good thing. It conditions Derek to kill the Malaysian prime minister -- who will be the guest of honor at the Derelicte show -- when he hears the '80s hit "Relax" by Frankie Goes to Hollywood. A week later, Derek wakes up with a start in his bunk at home. Matilda's at the door; she's been looking for him for days. He doesn't quite believe that he was at the day spa that long, even when she shows him the date on a newspaper. He thinks she's coming on to him (which she denies) and turns her down. As she leaves, he mentions that wearing her hair pulled back is bad for her complexion, and performs a quick makeover of her 'do. She looks great (but startled), and wears her hair down for the rest of the movie. Katinka seems to have staked out Derek's place. She sits in her car muttering about how much she dislikes Matilda. Back in the Time office, Archie reports his latest discovery: Mugatu's male models "have a bad habit of dying young in freak accidents." Matilda realizes that Katinka is going to kill Derek and rushes off to find him, but the door person at the party he's attending won't let her in. At the party, Derek saunters around receiving congratulations from celebrities on winning the Derelicte gig. When Hansel bumps into him, he takes offense. Derek challenges Hansel to a "walk-off." Most of the party-goers repair to the old Members Only warehouse to watch the two models resolve their differences. Matilda catches up with Derek on the way, but he won't take the time to listen to her. A crowd gathers at the warehouse, where there's a runway and a "corner" for each contestant, as in a boxing ring. David Bowie offers to officiate. "This'll be a straight walk-off, old school rules," he says. "First model walks, second model duplicates, then elaborates." They take turns walking down the runway imitating each other's moves until Hansel comes up with something Derek can't reproduce: he removes his underwear without taking off his pants. Derek hurts himself trying to pull that off. Riding home with Matilda, Derek shrugs off her warning that Katinka is out to get him because he's despondent at losing another contest to Hansel. He confesses that Hansel could have beaten him with a much simpler move: a left turn. Derek has never been able to hang a louie. As Matilda tries to reassure him, she gets another call from her tipster, who wants to meet her at St. Adonis Cemetery. Derek comes along. Derek and Matilda stroll the cemetery reading gravestones. Derek notices that none of the male models buried there lived past 30. The tipster turns up and notes that he himself made it past 30. He won't tell them his name. He says they've stumbled on something big: the fashion industry has used male models to carry out "every major political assassination over the last 200 years," including Lincoln (who was targeted because abolishing slavery wiped out the free labor the fashion industry relied on) and Kennedy (because the Cuban embargo cut off the supply of Sansabelt slacks). Matilda drops her flashlight and the tipster absent-mindedly reaches for it with his left hand, which is covered with an odd glass contraption. Derek recognizes the hand as that of J.P. Prewitt (a scruffy David Duchovny ) -- "the world's greatest hand model!" The glass contraption is a home-made hyperbaric chamber meant to preserve Prewitt's hand. Prewitt explains that models make good assassins because they're in good shape, they're famous enough to get past security, they don't think for themselves, and they're used to following directions. He also mentions that when they've completed their missions, assassin-models are killed. Just then, Katinka and some goons start shooting at them. Prewitt tells them to get hold of Maury Ballstein's computer; Maury has protected himself by documenting all he knows about the fashion-industry cabal and the assassinations. In parting, Prewitt offers Derek some encouraging words about Blue Steel and the long-anticipated Magnum. In search of a hiding place where no one -- and especially Katinka -- will think to look for them, Derek and Matilda go to Hansel's. Hansel is willing to let them in, but first, he makes Derek explain why he's "been acting so messed-up towards me." Derek admits that he feels threatened by Hansel. Hansel says he's been acting messed-up towards Derek because he's intimidated by Derek's reputation, and in fact Derek inspired him to become a male model. "I freakin' worship you, man." Hansel shows them around his loft, which is huge and full of friends. The three of them sit down together and get high on "tea," and Hansel asks Matilda why she dislikes models so much. She confesses that when she was young she was the fat kid in her class, and she used to pore over the photos in fashion magazines yearning to be thin like the models. Eventually she became bulimic, for which she blames the models. Hansel and Derek don't see the problem with throwing up after meals -- they do it themselves -- and want to know whether it caused guys to show more interest in her. She admits that her sex life is pretty much nonexistent. Hansel suggests they "give in to the power of the tea" and get naked. They all -- including Hansel's friends -- have a lot of sex. Next morning, Derek tells Hansel he's falling for Matilda. Matilda comes in and reminds them that they have to get hold of the evidence of the assassination plot before the Derelicte show starts in three hours. Derek and Hansel sneak into Maury's office dressed as maintenance men. Matilda instructed them to find the files on Maury's computer (an orange iMac) and email them to her, but they can't figure out how to turn the thing on. Before leaving for the show, Derek gives Hansel his tiny cell phone, asking him to give it to Matilda if anything happens to Derek. Hansel, having grasped that the files (he's thinking paper) are inside the computer, takes the computer and heads for Derelicte himself. Meanwhile, Matilda checks in at the office, where Archie at last has the goods on Mugatu: Mugatu was kicked out of Frankie Goes to Hollywood before they made it big with "Relax." He broke into fashion by inventing the piano-key necktie. When she figures out that Mugatu used "Relax" to trigger the conditioning that will induce Derek to kill the Malaysian prime minister, Matilda rushes to the fashion show. Backstage, Derek confronts Maury about the assassination plot, causing Maury to have a change of heart. Derek hits the runway as Matilda arrives and tangles with Katinka. She tells Hansel about the trigger. "Relax" starts playing and Derek's conditioning kicks in, but Hansel has broken into the DJ booth. During a break-dance fight between Hansel and the DJ, the music switches from "Relax" to Herbie Hancock's "Rockit" and back. Every time "Relax" comes on, Derek advances down the runway toward the prime minister. Hansel saves the day by shutting down the sound system just as Derek gets his hands around the prime minister's neck. Mugatu publicly accuses Zoolander of trying to kill the prime minister. Hansel comes to Derek's defence, revealing the brainwashing and claiming that he has evidence in the computer -- which he proceeds to drop from a catwalk above the stage, expecting to find paper files in the debris. Mugatu thinks the evidence has been destroyed and he's home free, but Maury changes sides and calls his wife to bring his backup files. Mugatu denounces Derek ("Blue Steel, Ferrari, Le Tigre? They're the same face! Doesn't anyone notice this? I feel like I'm taking crazy pills!"). Then, determined to complete the mission, Mugatu throws a shuriken (a stylish M-shaped one) at the prime minister. Derek jumps in front of the PM, turns left (for the first time ever) to face the shuriken, and unleashes Magnum. The Magnum look is so powerful that everyone who sees it is amazed and the shuriken stops dead and falls to the floor. Everyone has something to say about Magnum's beauty and general awesomeness. Even Derek's father, watching the show on TV back home in coal country, is finally proud of him: "That's my kid. That's my son!" Magnum looks exactly like Blue Steel, Ferrari, and Le Tigre. Cut to the future: Derek, Maury, and Hansel are at the Derek Zoolander Center for Kids Who Can't Read Good (which, it turns out, is a modeling school and which looks much like the architect's model -- but much more than three times larger). They're making a promotional video. Matilda turns up with baby Derek Jr., who has just started to display his first "look." It's exactly like Blue Steel, Ferrari, Le Tigre, and Magnum. 
 On the Line (2001)321) A shy advertising employee meets his dream girl on the El train, but doesn't remember to get her phone number, resulting in an all-out search for the mystery girl A young man meets a girl on a train, only to spend the rest of the movie trying to reunite with her (one of the love-at-first-sight things), aided by his best friend in a quest of posters and signs that soon gains public notice. Will he ever find his soul mate? Jim Smith <jimsmith@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kevin Gibbons (Lance Bass) is singing in his prom night with his band. Everything is going alright, until the girl of his dreams arrives with her boyfriend, and Kevin fucks it up big time: he starts sweating, freezes and then passes out. Seven years later, Kevin works for an advertising agency which wants to prepare a campaign for Reebok. For that, his boss Mr Higgins (Dave Foley) tells him that he needs a lot of charisma and confidence, which is the image Reebok wants to portray. Boss assings Kevin to work in a team with Jackie (Tamala Jones), who basically thinks that Kevin is a bit useless and a pain on the neck. She doesn't like much the ideas put forward by Kevin. The next morning, Kevin goes to work in the same train as always. Taken away by the music he is listening to, he stands up and sings it aloud. All the rest of commuters look at him like he's a weird guy, except for one girl, -nameless, but which the audience will know later that her name is Rod- (Joey Fatone) who says she's liked his performance. They start talking. She studies archaelogy, and she notices his company pass saying he works for FKR agency. They keep on chatting, and they get off in the same station. While they are leaving, he asks her to tell him something which she would only tell a complete stranger she will never see again. So she says that her dad is a pilot and that she loves creating paper planes. She makes one, throws it up and it crashes onto some guy's thick afro hairstyle. His secret is that he can name all the presidents in order. She can name them as well. When they have to go separate ways, there is a weird moment of silence but she leaves to go wherever she needs to go. Kevin admits to his friends that the only thing he was able to say was "It was a pleasure committing with you.". They laugh about him. Eric (GQ) talks about Kevin's legendary lack of confidence. They are at a rock bar, discussing the matter. They all remember Kevin's disastrous night during his prom while playing with his school band. At home, Rod makes another paper plane, and she remembers her weekend in Chicago. Her friend Sam (Kristin Booth) asks her about the weekend she met with her boyfriend, but Rod is not so enthusiastic about that. She is more interested in that guy she met on the train. Boss presents the slogan for Reebok, "Step into the Future", but they expected a warmer tagline. Kevin is blamed for the disaster, and in frustration, he starts daydreaming. A song starts to sound, and he makes plenty of photocopies "Are you her? We met on the train. We talked about the presidents" with his telephone number. He distributes this all over town. A journalist called Randy "Freaky" Francis (James Bulliard) sees it and his editor thinks he's got a story. It happens that he was the guy who was dumped by the girl who went to her prom with Kevin instead of him. He is still on the story. When Kevin comes back home, the phone is ringing but none of his two flatmates picks it up. He does, and it's a girl who says she is the girl from the train. They will meet at 1:00. Of course, it's not her, because Rod is dating with her boyfriend, whom she has less and less in common. The weirdo who wants to date Kevin felt a "cosmic connection" with him by reading his poster. Rod's boyfriend is answering his phone all the time and keeps on forgetting her. She starts making a paper plane, bus his boyfriend buys her out with two tickets for the Al Green (himself) concert. Brady phones Kevin to interview him. The next day, the story gets printed, and everybody in the office giggles at Kevin behind his back - and in front of. The people at Reebok wants Kevin officially on the team which is working on their campaign, as they want that kind of passion. Margie the Receptionist (Jenny Parsons) is the one who has to deal with some of the prank calls Kevin and his friends go to a baseball match where Eric is hit with a ball for the third time. The Reebok campaign goes on, but so many calls from different girls are starting to get disruptive. Mr Higgins thinks that Kevin is still lacking drive and confidence. Jackie is constantly pouting at Kevin's childish behaviour. He wants more involvement from Kevin in Reebok. When he says "yes" at this proposal, Kevin is also agreeing by phone to the night plans Eric has for him. Kevin thinks he's finally found Rod at a bar, but it was not her, only somebody who looked like her from behind. Eric is thrown out of the bar while Al Green is performing a song about Kevin's search. While Eric and Kevin leave the bar, we can see Rod entering, looking for her boyfriend and not happy at all. They didn't see each other. The next morning, in the same train, Kevin is commutting. The girl appears and tells her name to him, but he can't quite hear it because of the noise. Suddenly, he wakes up: he's just reached his station and it was only a dream. Kevin's friends start pretending to be him when answering the phone. Nathan (Jerry Stiller) goes out with some freaky girls. One of these calls was Randy's call. He is outraged that so many girls want to meet Kevin. Back in Chicago, Rod finally sees the newspaper article about Kevin. She phones him but it's one of his friends who picks it up. All his friends are dating these girls pretending to be Kevin, so one of them sets a date on Saturday evening with Rod. Obviously, when Rod arrives to the restaurant she realises that he is not Kevin. Rod is first surprised, then annoyed and leaves without having even sat up. The friend runs after her and he realises that this time, she is the real deal. He makes her believe that Kevin knows and approves of his friends dating the lonely girls who call him. Randy's girlfriend Julie (Amanda Foreman) tries to set a date with Kevin. She comes back home with a broken nose, a plastered leg and crutches. The next morning, The Chicago Post says that it was all a scam. The first thing Kevin notices is that Margie doesn't want to talk to him. Higgins also calls him to his office and takes him out of the Reebok team. Jackie has to make some photocopies for the Reebok team in a hurry, but the clerk is on his coffee break, so it's Kevin who helps her out. At the end of that day, at the station, Kevin notices Rod also waiting for a train, but for another train in the other side of the lane. He calls out for her, but she doesn't hear him. He runs to her, but she is already in the train. The doors close. He taps on the window on her compartment, but she shows him The Chicago Post's headline saying that it was all a scam. Kevin tells Eric while playing baseball that he found her but that she blew him off. Eric tells him that she had called and that he went on a date with her. Kevin gets angry and punches Eric. CUE to images of Rod and Kevin, both strolling around the city, feeling lonely and depressed. Kevin's friends want to straighten things up. Following Eric's description of Rod, they renew the efforts to look for this girl. Kevin visits his father, in an elder people's home. He gives him a baseball and advises him to find that girl. Jackie has told the Reebok people that it was Kevin's idea. Kevin puts billboards all over Chicago saying that he was sorry and further asking the "train girl" to meet him at 7 at their stop. All the media and the general public is there waiting for him and the train girl. Meanwhile, Eric presents his new song to Julie. It's getting late, and all the camera crews leave because the train girl is not going to appear. A paper plane appears. It's from Rod. Kevin looks up and it's Rod. He asks for her name and they kiss. The next day, there is a picture of Rod and Kevin on the first page with the headline BOY FINDS GIRL! EXTRA FOOTAGE: N-Sync singers / dancers / whatever they were show fake behind the scenes footage. 