nm0002438:

 Red vs. Blue (2003 )55) After the Halo event of 2552, there is a brief but violent period of civil war among the humans. Two armies on opposite sides of a canyon, the Reds and Blues, fight in the most worthless piece of real estate in the galaxy. In the near future, ten soldiers battle for control of the most worthless spot in the galaxy - a box canyon in the middle of nowhere. Red Vs Blue documents the story of these two armies as they wage a war they really don't understand - or want to fight in the first place. Chris Season 3: At the end of season 2, Doc is possessed by the AI known as O' Malley, which formally resided in both Tex (season 1) and Caboose (season 2). Realizing that O' Malley could destroy them, the Reds and the Blues decide to team up in an attempt to destroy him. However, when they tamper with the teleporters, they end up in different places, leaving people alone with their once sworn enemies. Red vs. Blue Season 3 is even funnier than ever as new maps are introduced to the story line, and don't forget about the twist ending. Edge0914 Season 2: When a mild-mannered medical officer finds himself deployed to the most worthless stretch of land in the entire galaxy, the last things he expects to find are his first patients dead, a poltergeist haunting a robot, a 200-ton tank in the center of a love triangle, and an evil strain of artificial intelligence attempting to enslave all of humanity. Welcome to Blood Gulch. SM Season 4. The Great Destroyer has arrived. The blues confront the Great destroyer who informs them that Tucker must go on a quest. Meanwhile the Reds return to Blood Gulch where Sarge questions Simmons' sanity after Simmons sees a familiar tank. johncena.fw It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Day 5 (2016 )Summaries An unexplainable epidemic has swept across the globe affecting every human being. People are frantically searching for answers because if you fall asleep... You die. How long can people stay awake? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lazer Team (2015)Summaries Four losers are thrust into the position of saving the world when they stumble upon a UFO crash site and become genetically equipped to the battle suit on board. After thousands of years of thinking we are alone in the universe we decode a message (in the 60s) telling us we are not alone, and that the universe is a dangerous place and that we are going to be attacked. Luckily, the coded message came from a friendly alien race that fathered and protected us over the years. And now they are giving us the tools to fight back (in the form of power armor). But the delivery service takes a long time, and during those loooong decades waiting for that cargo ship to arrive with their one power suit, they choose a champion of earth to train to wear the suit and defend the earth! Then the ship finally arrives... Only to get shot down by 4 morons who play with the suit and ultimately get one piece each stuck to them. Now they need to work with the government to train these 4 morons with individual pieces attached to them. Will they save the day or will they stand around contemplating life? Matt Silver When four small-town losers stumble across an alien crash site containing an incredible battle suit, they soon find themselves responsible for the fate of the entire planet. With this new alien equipment genetically bound to them, and the government hot on their heels, the foursome have no choice but to work together as one to save humanity. All they have to do is learn to use a strange alien device meant for only one-person, train for a battle against an omnipotent enemy, and not kill each other in the process. They may not be strong, smart, or talented... but they're Lazer Team. Based on a true event, Lazer Team is directed by Matt Hullum and stars Burnie Burns, Gavin Free, Michael Jones, Allie DeBerry, Colton Dunn and features Alan Ritchson. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 RWBY (2012 )44) 4 Teenage girls form Team RWBY and train to fight crime and monsters known as the Grimm, while the world of Remnant remains on the brink of an all out war. The story takes place in the world of Remnant, which is filled with supernatural forces and shadowy creatures known as the Grimm. Prior to the events of the series, mankind waged a battle of survival against the Grimm before discovering the power of a mysterious element called Dust, which allowed them to fight back against the monsters. In the present day, Dust is used to power abilities and weapons. Those who use these abilities to battle the Grimm are known as Huntsmen and Huntresses. The series focuses on four girls, each with her own unique weapon and powers. Together, they form a team at Beacon Academy in the city of Vale, where they are trained to become Huntresses. Anonymous The World of Remnant is a very dangerous place. Advanced technologies have built kingdoms on their backs, Humans and Faunus are on the brink of war, and shadowy entities called Grimm relentlessly terrorize the planet. Using the power of Dust, Team RWBY led by Ruby Rose, trains to be the next generation of protectors called Huntsmen and Huntresses. The future-fantasy world of Remnant is filled with ravenous monsters, treacherous terrain, and more villains than you can shake a sniper-scythe at. Fortunately, Beacon Academy is training Huntsmen and Huntresses to battle the evils of the world, and Ruby, Weiss, Blake, and Yang are ready for their first day of class. Rooster Teeth It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 