nm0002442:

 Vredens gran (1997)Summaries The two brothers Ola and Jns go out in the woods to search for the perfect Christmas tree. There they meet a strange man who warns them against a man who has searched for the perfect Christmas tree for 15 years and now when he has finally found it, he's not going to leave it. Fredrik Klasson <fredrik.klasson@boras.mail.telia.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ensam r stark (1998)Summaries A young man who have been injured in a bicycle accident runs for help. A lonely lumberjack take care of the young man, but in which way? Suddenly he gets more uninvited visitors, two pushy religious musicians and one stubborn vacuum cleaner salesman. Fredrik Klasson <fredrik_klasson@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jidder (1998)Summaries Tony is a young man on the loose, he's having trouble in school and with his family. Together with his homies Bob and Pedro he does some smaller crimes (like stealing sausages). But one day Tony meets the local crime boss Claes Douglas at the gym and he leads Tony in to a new world of guns and drugs. Claes Douglas suggests that Tony does a hit with Bob and Pedro for him. But the robbery does not go the way they expected - a bloody solution awaits. Fredrik Klasson <fredrik_klasson@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I brnnpunktens skugga (1998)Summaries Peter and Henrik are going to spend a weekend in the woods. They're going to live in a cabin owned by Peter's grandma. As we follow them there, we also follow Alex and Ivan, two criminals who do some business with a man surrounded by myths. But the woods hold nightmares for them all... Fredrik Klasson <fredrik_klasson@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 