nm0001963:

 Con Air (1997)761) Newly paroled ex-con and former U.S. Ranger Cameron Poe finds himself trapped in a prisoner transport plane when the passengers seize control. Cameron Poe, a highly decorated Army Ranger, comes home to Alabama to his wife Tricia, only to run into a few drunken regulars at the bar where she works. Cameron accidentally kills one of the drunks, and is sent to a federal penitentiary for involuntary manslaughter for seven years. He becomes eligible for parole and can now go home to his wife and daughter. Unfortunately, Cameron has to share a prison airplane with some of the country's most dangerous criminals, who take control of the plane and are now planning to escape the country. Cameron has to find a way to stop them while playing along. Meanwhile, United States Marshal Vince Larkin is trying to help Cameron get free and stop the criminals, led by Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom. John Wiggins Cameron Poe, a highly decorated US ranger, is convicted of manslaughter after protecting his wife in a drunken brawl. Finally, after eight years, he's being paroled and going home to his wife and daughter. His ride home: the Jailbird, which is also transporting society's vicious murderers to Feltham Penitentiary, Lousiana's toughest maximum security prison. A surprising escape is made on board the plane as the cons seize control of the plane, and head it towards Las Vegas. The officials on the ground want to blow it out of the sky, but three people know an alternative... US Marshal Vince Larkin, Cameron Poe's wife, and his daughter. Cameron Poe <sprintcs@idirect.com> Cameron Poe is a highly decorated military officer who is sent to prison because of killing a man while defending his wife. Seven years later, he is granted a parole. He is put on a plane with many other convicts. Everything looks smooth until one of the convicts, Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom breaks out of his restraints and takes control of the plane. The D.E.A quickly learns of the event and plans on shooting the plane down, but U.S. Marshall Vince Larkin sees Poe as an ally and tries to work with him before his superiors shoot down the plane. Ridley Lavine When Cameron Poe, of the US Army, is found guilty of manslaughter after killing a drunk man while protecting his wife outside a bar, he is sent to jail for eight years. During that time his daughter is born, but he waits patiently in his cell until his release date. He is flown home on board the Jailbird, which also transports some very dangerous convicts to a maximum-security prison in Louisiana. The convicts manage to escape directed by Cyrus "The Virus", who also leads the plane's take-over and re-routes it to an abandoned airfield to catch another plane which will take them to a foreign country. With Poe's help, the authorities learn where the convicts are headed for and manage to get there before they take off again. After the police and army are killed in an ambush at the airfield, the convicts take off again toward Las Vegas, but a US Marshal, Vince Larkin, with the help of Poe on board gets there again in time to finally stop the convicts. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete Cameron Poe is an Army Ranger who was going to go home to his pregnant wife when he got into a fight with three men. He would kill one of them and the other two ran away with the knife they had and because of that he would be convicted of manslaughter. After eight years he would be paroled. He would be part of a group that's being transferred to another prison and flown in a special plane. While in flight a fight breaks out and two of the most dangerous criminals, Diamond Dog and Cyrus the Virus Grissom, would break out from their restraints and take over the plane. When the plane makes it's first stop Poe and friend who's a diabetic and who wasn't given his shot, and all the syringes were destroyed, try to get off but Grissom wouldn't let them. He then tries to alert the authorities but got away. Now the government is considering shooting the plane down but U.S. Marshall Vince Larkin thinks that it's a little hasty and believes that Poe is an ally. When Grissom leads them on a wild goose chase, Poe alerts them to where they are going. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Cameron Poe (Nicholas Cage), a honorably discharged United States Army Ranger, is found guilty of manslaughter in the death of an innocent but drunk bar customer while trying to defend his pregnant wife Tricia (Monica Potter) from him, and sentenced to seven to ten years by a bias judge. During his time in prison, he communicates with his wife and daughter while taking time to better himself. Eight years later, Poe is released on parole, and is scheduled to be flown back to Alabama on the same day as his daughter Casey's seventh birthday. Poe is arranged transport on the "Jailbird", a C-123 airplane, along with a fellow prisoner Mike "Baby-O" O'Dell (Mykelti Williamson). This prison transfer flight is being used by U.S. Marshal Vince Larkin (John Cusack) to transport a number of notorious violent criminals to a new supermax prison. These include William "Billy Bedlam" Bedford (Nick Chinlund), convicted of murdering his wife's entire family after he caught her in bed with another man; Nathan "Diamond Dog" Jones (Ving Rhames), a black supremacist who bombed an NRA meeting claiming that "they represented the basest negativity of the white race," then wrote a New York Times bestseller from prison that apparently is getting a movie adaptation starring Denzel Washington; Johnny "23" Baca (Danny Trejo), a serial rapist; Joe "Pinball" Parker (Dave Chappelle); and perhaps the most violent criminal in the prison system, Cyrus "The Virus" Grissom (John Malkovich), who's served time for kidnapping, robbery, murder, and extortion, shanked 11 inmates, incited three prison riots, and escaped from prison twice, and likes to brag that he's killed more men than cancer. Prior to the flight, Larkin is approached by DEA agent Duncan Malloy (Colm Meaney), who asks to put undercover agent Willie Sims (Jos Ziga) on board the plane to get more information out of drug lord Francisco Cindino, before he is incarcerated in the new prison. Larkin acquiesces but insists the agent go aboard unarmed, but Malloy is able to sneak Sims a gun during the boarding pat-down. Shortly after the flight takes off, Jones and Grissom are able to free themselves with the help of a distraction by another prisoner, Pinball Parker (Dave Chappelle) setting the inmate next to him on fire. The prisoners quickly subdue the guards and Cyrus heads up to the cockpit and quickly kills the co-pilot who came out to settle the riot. Cyrus seizes the copilot's pistol, then quickly takes control of the cockpit to prevent the pilot from reporting the riot and telling the next control center that a small disturbance occurred but is under control. As Pinball is uncuffing the prisoners, Sims attempts to threaten Grissom with Pinball as his hostage, but Poe, recognizing that Sims is at a disadvantage since his hostage is a worthless prisoner like Pinball, attempts to talk the agent out of it; Sims ignores the advice and is killed. As Cyrus organizes the other prisoners to prepare for a scheduled landing in Carson City in order to meet the required number of prisoners being transferred, Pinball informs Cyrus that some of the prisoners that were scheduled to get off were killed during the takeover. Poe initially decides to get off hoping to expose the takeover, but reconsiders when he discovers they are placing tape over the mouths of the transferees who are getting off as a precaution and the pilot is transferred off in his place. His main reason for staying is that O'Dell is a diabetic and the injection needles for his insulin were damaged in the takeover and are unusable so he needs to find a way to help him. Also, Johnny 23 is after the only female guard on the plane, Sally Bishop, despite the fact that Cyrus (who also shares a strong disgust towards rapists) has threatened to kill Johnny if he attempts to rape her. Poe spots a recording device on Sims' body; he transfers it to one the guards that are being substituted for dead prisoners hoping it would attract the attention of the guards on the prison bus. Upon landing to refuel and pick up more prisoners to take them to freedom, Cyrus ensures that the prison transfer goes smoothly. Among the new prisoners boarding are drug lord Francisco Cindino (Jesse Borrego), the mastermind of the escape (and who Sims was sent to interrogate), transvestite serial killer Ramon 'Sally Can't Dance' Martinez (Renoly Santiago), their new pilot, "Swamp Thing" Williams (M. C. Gainey) and cannibal serial killer Garland Greene (Steve Buscemi) known as "The Marietta Mangler". Grissom instructs Pinball to hide the plane's transponder, and despite Poe's efforts, the plane leaves Carson City without problems even though the guards on the prison bus discover the true identity of the prisoners on the bus and backup arrives too late because the prisoners spotted their vehicles approaching the runway. Around that time Larkin discovers the plans for the plane's takeover in Cyrus's old jail cell and narrowly avoids getting killed on his way out when one of the guards disregards his advice and opens a small cigar box that has a bomb hidden inside it. After Larkin and Malloy discover what happened, Larkin having heard about Poe from one of their guards suspects Poe is on their side. Malloy, against Larkin's advice, immediately takes off to follow the plane's transponder, which unknown to him was snuck aboard a sightseeing plane. Poe, along with Jones, go into the hull to determine the cause of the plane's slow speed and find that Pinball's body is lodged in the landing wheel compartment, having missed the plane taking off. Poe takes the opportunity to write a message on Parker's shirt to Larkin and pushes the body out of the plane, where it lands in the middle of traffic in Fresno, California. Larkin has a meeting with Trisha and Casey to determine why Poe chose to stay on the plane, when a call comes in from Fresno police and Larkin is quickly made aware of the message. Larkin recognizes that the prisoners' plane is headed in the opposite direction to the disused Lerner Airfield. Unable to convince Malloy of this information over the radio, he borrows Malloy's Corvette to make it to the field before the plane can land, calling in the National Guard and other forces to help secure the airfield. Aboard the plane, Poe attempts to keep his identity secret, killing Bedford when he discovers Poe's parole letter in the personal belongings in the hull. Poe learns from Grissom that Cindino is promising that once they land at Lerner, another plane will be waiting for them to help them gain asylum in "non-extradition territory". The plane lands at the airfield, running aground, but no plane seems to be waiting for them; while the rest of the prisoners are forced by Grissom to dig out the plane (after Poe warns him about trusting Cindino, based on what he heard about Cindino's past treachery), Poe explores the field to try to find an injection needle for O'Dell's insulin whom is going into diabetic shock. Larkin, also on the field, happens upon the plane that Cindino promised, finding that Cindino has double-crossed Grissom and trying to flee on his own and helps rescue Poe from Cindino's henchmen who are there waiting for their boss. Larkin and Poe briefly meet and discuss the situation before Poe leaves to find an injection needle. Cindino slips away from the other prisoners to board his plane and has his pilot take off. Larkin is able to disable the plane, and the crash alerts Grissom, who throws a lit match at the fuel leaking from Cindino's plane, starting a fire and burning Cindino alive. The prisoners observe that armed forces are advancing on the field, and upon Cyrus discovering the small arsenal hidden in the bottom of the plane (and Bedford's body), they set up an ambush trap for the forces. Larkin goes off to help stop the troops from being massacred by reactivating an old unused plow and using it to create a makeshift bulletproof shield, while Poe manages to find an injection needle and returns to the plane to give O'Dell his insulin and manages to stop Johnny from raping Bishop. As the troops overrun the trap, Grissom and the remaining prisoners return to the plane and take off, despite damage to the plane and before Poe could escape with O'Dell and Bishop. Grissom soon discovers Poe's true identity after Jones found Poe's parole letter. After shooting O'Dell in the stomach who tried to take the blame, Cyrus prepares to kill Poe. Malloy, having recognized that Larkin was telling the truth earlier upon encountering the sightseeing plane has tracked down the Jailbird. He has his helicopter pilot open fire on it and disables one of the engines, causing the plane to lose fuel. With Grissom and the others distracted, shooting from the aircraft's ramp at the helicopters, Poe gains control of the cockpit after hand-to-hand combat with prisoners in his path and orders not to fire. When Larkin in a second helicopter, tells Malloy about Poe's identity as a parolee, Malloy orders "hold fire" and joins forces. Attempting to land the aircraft at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas, the crippled Jailbird is forced to crash land on "The Strip". The landing causes injuries and fatalities among the inmates while also causing massive destruction along "The Strip" until it comes to a halt in the lobby of the Sands Hotel. Amid the chaos, Poe is thanked by both O'Dell and Bishop for his help as the police arrest the surviving prisoners. Grissom, Jones, and "Swamp Thing" escape on a fire truck. Larkin and Poe see them trying to flee, pursue them on motorcycles, eventually killing all three escapees; Jones being hit by Poe's motorbike, Swamp Thing hurtling through the windshield and being run over after Larkin floods the inside of the fire truck with water from the fire hose, and Cyrus, being beaten by Poe, handcuffed to the fire ladder, and then sent flying after the truck crashes leaving Cyrus to be crushed by a pile driver in a nearby construction site. Poe is finally able to reunite with his loving wife and daughter, who have been brought by Larkin to meet him. In the final scene, a croupier at a craps table in one of the Vegas casinos asks a new shooter if he feels lucky. The shooter, Garland Greene (whom is the only prisoner who escaped), takes the dice, sips a margarita and replies without a smile. 
 Blood In, Blood Out (1993)Summaries Based on the true life experiences of poet Jimmy Santiago Baca, the film focuses on step-brothers Paco and Cruz, and their bi-racial cousin Miklo. Based on the true life experiences of poet Jimmy Santiago Baca, the film focuses on step-brothers Paco and Cruz, and their bi-racial cousin Miklo. It opens in 1972, as the three are members of an East L.A. gang known as the "Vatos Locos", and the story focuses on how a violent crime and the influence of narcotics alter their lives. Miklo is incarcerated and sent to San Quentin, where he makes a "home" for himself. Cruz becomes an exceptional artist, but a heroin addiction overcomes him with tragic results. Paco becomes a cop and an enemy to his "carnal", Miklo. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Colombiana (2011)431) A young girl in Bogot witnesses her parents' murder and grows up to be a stone-cold assassin. A young woman grows up to be a stone-cold assassin after witnessing her parents' murder as a child in Bogota. She works for her uncle as a hitman by day, but her personal time is spent engaging in vigilante murders that she hopes will lead her to her ultimate target - the mobster responsible for her parents' death. Anonymous In early-1990s Bogot--after witnessing the gruesome murder of her parents by drug kingpin Don Luis' Colombian henchmen--the innocent nine-year-old, Cataleya, is taken in by her Chicago gangster uncle, Emilio, to start a new life. Now, almost fifteen years later, the frail girl has become a cold-blooded professional assassin bent on avenging her family; however, the FBI special agent, Ross, is after her, following a seemingly endless trail of dead bodies. Cataleya has sworn revenge. Will she taste the sweet fruit of retribution? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bogota, Columbia. A man, named Fabio, is speaking to Don Luis, a drug lord and his boss. Fabio tells him he is quitting and handing over all the book keeping on the cartel to another associate. Don Luis smiles and says he will miss him and they toast to Fabio's life. Fabio leaves and Don Luis motions to Marco (Jordi Molla), his right hand man. "Kill him!," Don Luis says "No one leaves Don Luis's cartel". But Fabio is not stupid. He knows his boss will retaliate at anyone wanting to leave the life of drug smuggling... including him. Fabio takes three guards loyal to him and races home, knowing they have only an hour to leave the country. Fabio gets home and tells his wife, Alicia, that "it's time". He tells his young daughter, Cataleya, to pack but she says she is already ready. Fabio tells her in case something happens, she should go the American embassy and give them a microchip. It has all the information on Don Luis's illegal activities. "It's your passport." He also gives her an address for his brother. Fabio then gives his daughter his necklace that has the Cataleya flower on it. She was named after it, because his mother always grew them. "Never forget who you are." he says. Minutes later, Marco and numerous cartel members show up and slaughter Fabio's men. Fabio and Alicia grab guns and try to hold the men off but are killed off-screen. Cataleya sits at the table in shock and listens to the gunfire. She quickly swallows the microchip. Marco and the men come up to Cataleya. Marco pretends to be friendly saying he was a friend of her father but Fabio took something from Don Luis; the microchip. Marco asks if she knows where it is and she nods. Marco asks what she wants. Cataleya leans in close... and grabs a knife placed under the tabled and stabs him in the hand. "To kill Don Luis!" screams Cataleya. Cataleya scoops through a window and onto a ledge. Apparently her parents taught her skills to survive in case something like this happened. She runs off to escape while Marco's cartel goons give chase. Despite having parkour runners, men on motorcycles and in cars, Cataleya eludes them by escaping into the sewers. She opens a manhole cover and heads to the U.S. Embassy where she is sent to an agent who asks about her father. Cataleya says he is dead. The man asks if her dad had something, and Cataleya quick forces herself to throw up and gives him the microchip. It has the records of all Don Luis's activities. The agent looks at her in shock and asks if she realizes what she had. "My passport." Cataleya says. In exchange for the chip, they get her out of the country and papers. An American CIA agent is escorting her to Miami. Cataleya asks to go to the bathroom and escapes through the window. She gets a bus ticket to Chicago, where her father told her to go. She heads for a seedy neighborhood and asks for Emilio. The man Emilio (Cliff Curtis) is Fabio's brother, and her uncle. When Emilio sees her, he is overcome and hugs her. Cataleya is finally able to let go, and cries in her uncle's arms. The next morning, she wakes up in her uncle's apartment and comes down to breakfast. Her grandmother is there who makes her breakfast. Cataleya asks about whose room she slept in. Emilio looks sad and says it was his son's room and he is dead. Emilio asks her about a drawing she did and she says she used to want to be like Xena but not any more. Emilio asks what she wants now. "To be a killer. Will you help me?" says Cataleya. Emilio replies "sure". The next day, Emilio takes her to a private prep school and bribes the principal to accept her in the middle of the school year. As they leave, Cataleya is mad because she thinks she can learn nothing at school. She needs to learn how to be an assassin. Emilio suddenly pulls out a revolver and shoots at a person driving a car, causing it to crash. He tells her that hired killers are a dime a dozen, he could teach her and she'd be dead in five years. If she wants to do this and be smart, she needs to go to school. She needs to know how people think. Cataleya listens to him. PRESENT DAY Two cops are sitting in their car, talking about their wives when they are smashed into by a drunk driver. A woman comes out, incoherently babbling. They quickly arrest her and we can see a flower necklace on the woman. It is Cataleya (Zoe Saldana) all grown up. They take her to the police station. There, she is booked on DUI and thrown into a cell for the night. She goes to sleep. U.S. Marshals show up that night with a prisoner. They take him to his cell. Cataleya wakes up. Her whole DUI was a ruse to get into the police station. The prisoner is the target. She changes her clothes into a skin tight black suit, and picks the lock. She grabs a spoon that was in a cup of coffee at her cell. She swivels the cameras away so she is not seen, and grabs some water from the cooler and heads to the electrical room. She rigs the cup and the spoon to cause a spark out and heads into the air ducts. After a few seconds, the water from the cup leaks out enough to short out the power. Cataleya gets through a now stopped fan just before the power is reset. She drops into the men's restroom. The cop guarding the prisoner notices he has no coffee and leaves the room. He goes into the bathroom and is knocked out by Cataleya. She drags his body in front of the camera so the door will be reopened. She opens the cell and hits the prisoner awake. She tells him to undo his shirt. He asks 'why' and she shoots him several times. The Marshals hear the gunshots and run to the cell to see the waking up guard with the gun in his hand. Cataleya framed him for the killing to buy her time to escape. The Marshals still search the entire building and Cataleya goes up to the roof to elude them. When the coast is clear, she heads back through the air ducts, finds her cell, locks the door, and changes back into her clothes. By the time the marshals find her, she is laying back down pretending to sleep again. The marshals have no clue what happened. Cataleya is released the next day after being fingerprinted. She leaves the jail and pulls at her hand. She was wearing fake latex skin that replicated another person's prints. Cataleya goes home and dances to some music. She gets a shower and washes herself for a long time. Cataleya heads to the apartment of Danny (Michael Vartan), a painter and her quasi boyfriend. Danny knows little about her, and only knows her as "Jennifer." Danny and Cataleya have sex and she leaves the next morning without saying goodbye. It is clear she is afraid to show who she really is to him. FBI Special Agent Ross (Lennie James) comes to the jail and realizes the victim is the latest of a string of murders they have been tracking for the past four years, 22 in all. They call the perp "The Tag Killer" due to the markings the killer leaves on the chest. We see it is the Cataleya flower. CIA Agent Richard (Callum Blue) travels to New Orleans to a heavily guarded villa. It is the home of Don Luis, who was not persecuted for his crimes. Richard shows him the hit from the jail cells, but Luis denies he had anything to do with it. Richard tells him that the CIA was very nice with him; he got Witness protection and got to continue to run his cocaine smuggling business in exchange for information. But Richard tells him he knows that something is up and Luis knows what it is. After Richard leaves, Luis tells Marco to handle the situation. Luis strongly suspects that Cataleya is behind the killings. As he didn't kill Cataleya the first time, now he must finish it. Ross holds a meeting about the Tag Killer and their numerous victims. He concludes that one of the people in the jail killed the target and they need to find out who. Ross also says they need to release the information about the case. Meanwhile, Cataleya goes to see Emilio. He shows her the paper with her calling card. He is livid, calling the action stupid. Emilio says he promised his brother to protect her. He never wanted her to go down this road. He is always funneling jobs away in order to protect her. Cataleya, defiant, says she CHOSE this path herself and she will not stop until Luis is dead. Emilio sighs and hands her the next job. A hedge manager created a ponzi scheme and stole billions and fled the country. People want him dead. Ross is at the FBI office going over security footage. Some of his agents think the killer is Cataleya seen on the tape but he cannot believe a woman would be this type of killer. Cataleya goes to her work office where there are two large dogs who happen to listen to her. She feeds them steaks. Inside, Pepe, a friend of Emilio is there. He handles her weapons and cars. Cataleya goes into a safe and pulls out her fake passports and finds one for Mexico. Mexico. We find ourselves in the mansion of the hedge manager who lives in opulence surrounded by stunning women he wouldn't have a chance in hell with if he didn't have billions. One woman mentions the sharks in the aquarium pool are ignoring her, but the man tells her one drop of blood and they would become her best friend as they ate her. The hedge fund manager tells his security he wants extra men tonight. Cataleya swims through the aquarium, the sharks ignoring her and pushes up a glass cover to enter the mansion. She pulls out a pistol and silencer. The hedge fund manager gets up and notices Cataleya wrote on him "Thief" and the flower design. He walks around his mansion and notices all his guards are dead. He picks up two guns and heads into the pool area seeing a flower. Cataleya is sitting in a chair and makes her presence known. He tries to shoot her but his guns are empty. Cataleya shoots him in the legs. The man pleads with her to not kill him, he will pay double what she was paid. "I'm not going to kill you." Cataleya says. The man realizes he is underneath the sharks and understands what she meant. He pleads not to let him die, but Cataleya shoots him in the chest and he falls into the opened pool. The blood flows and his sharks eat him alive in seconds. Back in the USA, Cataleya goes to Danny's apartment but he left to see about some galleries. She sleeps on his bed and holds his shirt close. It is clear she cares about him, but she is afraid to show it. Meanwhile, Ross is looking at the Tag Killer calling card when the mailman gives him a vital clue; it is the Cataleya flower that only grows in Colombia. Ross tries to tie it to open cases in Colombia but is denied access due to it falling under CIA jurisdiction. Ross calls Richard and asks for clearance but Richard dodges the issue. He calls Luis and tells him to handle the problem before Agent Ross starts to connect the dots. Luis sends Marco to track Cataleya down and interrogate every Colombian until it leads to her family. Danny comes home and Cataleya bought dinner. He is happy and Cataleya kisses him. Danny stops her and asks to sit, eat dinner, and talk some. She asks about his trip and he tells her they want to do a gallery of his work. Danny asks about her trip and she said it was hot and she swimmed some. Danny presses for more but she is reluctant. Danny tells her he just wants to know who she is. Danny asks what she likes for breakfast. "I don't eat breakfast." Cataleya says. Danny and Cataleya sleep together again. It is now mid day. Danny takes a quick photo of Cataleya sleeping. He wakes her up with breakfast food and tells her they can eat it for lunch. Cataleya freaks out and says she did too much and she has to leave. Danny is flustered, wondering what the hell he did wrong. Cataleya meets with Emilio. He is livid, having seen the paper. Cataleya has not stopped with her calling card. People are looking for them, showing that eight people were gunned down in a bar, one being a friend of Emilio. "You're retired." Emilio tells her. Cataleya refuses to quit but Emilio says it is not just about her, it is about the family she has left, she is putting them in danger. When his son died, he killed many people, but it changed nothing and he put his family at risk. Emilio leaves her with a picture of her parents, a reminder of what can be lost. Cataleya sits and cries. Cataleya goes to church with Emilio and her grandmother. She seems to be ready to give up her quest for revenge. Danny is at a coffee shop talking about his girlfriend "Jennifer" to a buddy saying he is falling for her but he knows nothing about her. The buddy sees the photo and is shocked on how hot she is. Danny is distracted with his car being ticketed so his friend takes the phone with the photo and calls his sister in law who works at a police station. He asks her to check on "Jennifer" to make sure she is legit so Danny won't be hurt. The man has no clue what he has done. Ross is at his computer when it is pinged with Cataleya's photo. He traces the signal to the other police station, and has the technician arrested as they track the signal further. Ross compares the photo to the security footage at the jail and its a match. Cataleya is the woman who he is looking for. Cataleya goes home and calls Danny, trying to articulate how she feels about him. Danny mentions the photo and she freaks, asking who else saw it. He mentions his friend as Cataleya checks the perimeter of her apartment. SWAT is there to arrest her. She turns on the shower and climbs into a duct to escape out of her apartment. She runs through several apartments, and enters one. The tenant tries to make a fuss so she knocks him out. She recovers a harness and a sniper rifle in the man's bathroom, she previously planted it there. She plants explosives on the wall as Ross and his agents blow the door to her apartment. She uses the harness to slide down the pipes down to the garage. She shoots out the cameras and is able to slide into another air duct before SWAT finds her. She ends up in the subway and she sneaks away. Cataleya heads to Emilio's but finds the place ransacked. Pepe is on the floor dead. She finds her grandmother dead in the kitchen, making her break down. She looks for Emilio and finds him tied a chair dead. It was clear he was tortured. Cataleya tells him she's sorry and screams in a combination of sadness and anger. Ross comes home and Cataleya is there waiting with a gun. She motions for him to sit. She reveals that she has rigged his chair with a pressure senstive explosive so he shouldn't try anything funny. Cataleya tells him she's who he has been looking for. The Cataleya flower tag was a sign to call out Don Luis but it took till now to get his attention. Now he took the last part of her. Cataleya tells Ross he better get the information about Don Luis from the CIA or she will kill a family member once a week until he is as hollow as she felt all those years ago. She promises his bomb will be deactivated as soon as she is as gone which it is. Ross goes to Richard and tells him the situation. Richard will not give up the info. Ross gets a call. It's Cataleya who tells him either Richard gives her the address or he will die. Richard scoffs since his windows are reinforced glass. Cataleya shoots off a round with her sniper rifle, breaking through the glass. Richard gives him the address. Ross asks about his family but Cataleya hangs up (but she had no intention of harming them anyway). Cataleya goes to Pepe's garage. She grabs some guns. She sees the two dogs and looks at them. She grabs the armor truck and drives off to Don Luis's location. At Don Luis's mansion, Marco is directing the men what they face with Cataleya. She is not to be taken lightly. Luis hears something. It is a rocket that is coming their way. Luis barely gets out of the way as it blows up the room. Marco pulls him up and they try to get him out of there. Four of the men get into a car in order to start a convoy. Cataleya busts through with her truck, crushing the car. She gets out and peppers the car with bullets, killing the men. In the climatic shootout, bit by bit, she kills off Luis and Marco's men. Marco place Luis in a safe room while he tries to kill Cataleya. After a few brief shootouts it is just Marco with one other man. Cataleya kills the man then faces Marco with her gun. They begin to fight hand to hand, alternately disarming each other with Cataleya's handgun. Cataleya turns to using a towel to try and choke him. After awhile, Marco grabs the gun and goes to fire, but Cataleya ejects the clip and rips the slide off the gun and stabs him the neck, killing him. Luis, realizing all his men are dead, but Cataleya doesn't know where he is, leaves the panic room and takes one of his vans. He runs into a dead end due to a garbage truck. He receives a call from Marco's cell. It is Cataleya. Luis tells her that she will never kill him, she never had him. "Actually, I have you EXACTLY where I want you." Cataleya says. Luis looks back and sees Cataleya two dogs. "Eat!" Cataleya tells the dogs. They tear Don Luis apart, making her revenge complete. Danny was taken into custody by Ross and the FBI. Danny knows little and tells them so. Ross says while he is not under arrest he still has questions to answer. Danny asks for coffee and Ross goes to get it. Danny gets a call from Cataleya. She tells him she's OK and they have 40 seconds before they trace the call, so that's enough time to ask three questions. He asks for her real name and she tells him it's Cataleya. Danny asks if his little bird will return one day (meaning her). Cataleya tells him that maybe one day she can. An agent tells Ross that Danny is getting a call from Cataleya, and they rush back in. Danny has only seconds now. "I love you." Danny says which makes Cataleya tear up. Ross orders him to give over the phone but Cataleya hangs up before he can get anything from her. Ross stares at the phone and tells Danny he's free to go. Cataleya puts her sunglasses on and gets on a bus for a destination unknown. 
 Fame (19821987)Summaries The stories of the students and faculty of the New York City High School for the Performing Arts. The Art School was always their dream. They want to dance, they want to sing, to play music, to act but above all they want to live their lives while they are still young and full of energy. Leroy, Danny, Jesse, Chris, Coco and all the others try hard because they know that they've got a long way to go till they reach fame and riches. Fame costs and here (the Art School) is where they start paying for it. Xenophon Tsakanikas <ftpadmin@antigoni.med.auth.gr> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 