nm0007540:

 The Sasquatch Hunters (1997)Summaries "The Sasquatch Hunters" is a mockumentary following a number of unusual characters as they search for, and obsess over, Bigfoot. We meet several groups: The Bigfoot Society, a cell of true believers; the American Hominid Association (AHA), a government funded band of trackers; and the Michigan Cryptozoological Institute, a cult-like organization devoted to welcoming the Sasquatch-American into western society. These and other characters cross paths and eventually converge at an impromptu festival, dubbed "Bigfoot Bonanza". Marc Messenger It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Powerplay (1999 TV Movie)Summaries A beautiful blonde con-woman and martial artist seduces wealthy bachelors and grifts them out of their money using her wiles and deadly force if necessary. A woman survives by coming onto wealthy single men, and taking them for everything they are worth, sometimes killing. She proceeds to her next target - another wealthy man who has a daughter whom he mistreats. She tries to marry him but he dies before they could. She does, however, make off with some of his money. He also did not include his daughter in his will. When she and her boyfriend discover what she did, they decide to go after her and get back what she thinks is hers. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Adventures of Ragtime (1998)Summaries Ragtime is a miniature pet horse and the kids love him. But villains Sam and Lester think Ragtime can be their meal ticket. They kidnap the horse for ransom. The family is worried but before you can say "Home Alone", Ragtime out-smarts the bad guys who are then happy to be hauled off to prison. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Shades of Day (2006)Summaries "Shades of Day" is a suspenseful Hollywood fable based on Fyodor Dostoyevsky's classic novella "White Nights"(considered one of the greatest love stories ever written), but here transferred to modern day Los Angeles. It's the first part of our "Dostoevsky-L.A" project, which also will include "Crime and Punishment, LA" and "Idiot, L.A". The film crosses and re-crosses the thin line that separates tragedy from comedy. It introduces us to the enchanting Linda, whose life is centered around a planned reunion with her former lover Paul. Her plans change in remarkable ways as she encounters an extraordinary cast of characters, including a new lover and a movie producer who is pursued by the Mafia. Vitaly Sumin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 