nm0005136:

 Vanilla Sky (2001)761) A self-indulgent and vain publishing magnate finds his privileged life upended after a vehicular accident with a resentful lover. Incarcerated and charged with murder, David Aames Jr. is telling the story of how he got to where he is to McCabe, the police psychologist. That story includes: being the 51% shareholder of a major publishing firm, which he inherited from his long deceased parents; the firm's board, appointed by David Aames Sr., being the 49% shareholders who would probably like to see him gone as they see him as being too irresponsible and immature to run the company; his best bro friendship with author, Brian Shelby; his "friends with benefits" relationship with Julie Gianni, who saw their relationship in a slightly different light; his budding romance with Sofia Serrano, who Brian brought to David's party as his own date and who Brian saw as his own possible life mate; and being in an accident which disfigured his face and killed the person who caused the accident. But as the story proceeds, David isn't sure what is real and what is a dream/nightmare as many facets of the story are incompatible to be all real. The mysterious man in the restaurant may be able to shed some light on David's confusion. Huggo Tom Cruise stars as David Ames, a womanizing playboy who finds romantic redemption when he falls in love with his best friend's girlfriend Sofia (Penelope Cruz, reprising her role from the original film). Before that relationship can begin, however, David is coaxed into a car driven by an ex-lover, Julie (Cameron Diaz), who turns out to be suicidal. Driving her car off a bridge, Julie kills herself and horribly disfigures David. Reconstructive surgery and the loving support of Sofia seem to reverse David's luck, but eerie incidents are soon making him question the reality of his existence and his control over his life, even while he is suspected of complicity in Julie's death. David Aames takes all he has for granted; his wealth, his inherited publishing company, his good looks - his relationships. Especially his relationships. It catches up to him when a friend/sometimes sex-partner can't see their relationship the way he sees it. From that point, the movie takes a Lynchian twist that ultimately and literally pulls us into Aames' tortured psyche. Andrew Hope <sputnik67@qwest.net> David Aames, a tycoon's son who, in the eyes of many, is a spoiled child who has no realization of his wealth or luck. Inhereting his fathers company after both parents were killed in a road accident some years prior, David meets a girl whom his friend brings to a lavish house party one night and instantly falls in love with her. Desperate to find out more about this mystery girl, he gets chatting to her, unfortunately a jilted lover is watching David at all times and plans her final plot. After surviving a car crash and having his face reconstructed courtesy of his 'jilted lover', David struggles to find out the truth when his dreams turn into reality, and what he thinks is reality, turns into nightmares. He knows he wants the Mystery girl he met at the party that night, but where is she? who is she? Everything seems muddled slightly, until a doctor manages to repair his face, and life is back to the way it should be, together with his mystery girl, or is it? Questions need to be answered, but who is to be asked and who has the answers. Stezo Tullichewan During the week he turns 33, NYC magazine publisher David Aames, a playboy who has strange dreams, spends a night of passion with Julie, "a friend he sometimes sleeps with," and a night with Sofia, a witty, knowing dancer with a Spanish accent - a night with intimations of love. David is charming, rich (his mother's Monet, "Vanilla Sky" is in his bedroom), and feckless: he inherited the magazines and his minority partners want him out. Jump ahead: he's in jail, wearing a prosthetic mask, talking to a sympathetic psychologist to get at the truth behind a death. Who has died? How? And who's Ellie? Popping up often on TV is Benny, a dog who survived for months frozen in ice. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. David Aames (Tom Cruise) drives to work, he finds the streets of New York strangely deserted at rush hour. With growing unease he drives to Times Square and finds the entire city abandoned. He then awakens in his bedroom once again to realize he's only been having a vivid dream. Cut to: David in a jail cell describing a dream to Dr. Curtis McCabe (Kurt Russell), a psychologist who has been assigned to him. David has been charged with a murder he cannot remember, and he wears a mysterious pale mask. He and Dr. McCabe discuss the events that led to his eventual incarceration. Following the death of David's father, he was given 51% ownership of his father's publishing company. The rest of the company is owned by a board of directors that David disparagingly calls the "Seven Dwarfs." Each of them believed that he was next in line to take over the company after David's father died. David can have anything his heart desires, and nothing is beyond him. On the night of his birthday party which also includes a conversation with a drunken Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall), the company attorney and an old friend of David's father, David considered firing Thomas for what he believes is his incompetence as an attorney, but he has a change of heart when Thomas makes a sad confession. David's best friend, Brian Shelby (Jason Lee), brings with him a girl named Sofia Serrano (Penelope Cruz) whom he just met at the library. Almost instantly, David and Sofia flirt with each other, almost completely ignoring Brian. However, Julianna Gianni (Cameron Diaz), a regular bed partner for whom David has no deep feelings, crashes his party. She stays distant but keeps a close eye on him the entire night. Once David realizes Julianna is there, he asks Sofia to pretend to engage in a deep conversation with him so that Julianna won't come near him. David and Sofia end up hitting it off. David walks Sofia back to her place, where they stay up all night talking. The next morning as David is getting ready to drive to work, Julianna drives up beside him asking how his night with Sofia was. Julianna makes David feel guilty about ignoring her and convinces him to get into her car. It quickly becomes apparent that she is obsessed with David. She starts driving recklessly, speeding through busy city streets, all the while insisting that she's deeply in love with him and berating him for treating her so casually. Fearing for their safety, he tries to get her to stop the car by telling her that he loves her. She drives the car off a bridge in an attempt to kill them both. Julianna did not survive the crash. David did, however, although his face and right arm are mangled, and he suffers blinding headaches due to the metal pieces holding his skull together. He spends a long time in isolation before deciding to take back control of his company and see Sofia again. She appears hesitant to be around him, and when they go on a date she brings Brian along. The date is a disaster as David drinks too much and makes Sofia increasingly uneasy around him. The three part ways at the end of the night, and David ends up passing out on a sidewalk. It is morning when Sofia wakes him up at that same exact spot and tells him that she will stay with him if he can get his act together. From that moment on, David's life is turned around. His team of plastic surgeons is able to restore his face and he finds his soul mate in Sofia. David's new-found happiness is short-lived, however, when he begins hallucinating. He looks in the mirror to see his face once again disfigured. A mysterious man (Noah Taylor) turns up wherever he goes and tells David that he has the power to control the world. And one night he goes to bed with Sofia and wakes up to find himself with Julianna, who insists she really is Sofia. He grows violent, convinced that Julianna is alive and playing games with him. He is arrested and told by Tipp that he severely beat Sofia, but Tipp will have the case thrown out. Tipp shows David photos of Julianna with a bruised face, but everybody, including his best friend Brian, tells him that it was Sofia he attacked. David breaks into Sofia's apartment and finds that every photo he'd seen of Sofia is now of Julianna. Julianna attacks him thinking he's an intruder but then apologizes while still insisting she is Sofia. She leaves the room and the actual Sofia returns in her place as if nothing unusual had happened. They begin to make love but while they are in the middle of the act he finds that he is making love to Julianna. In a fit of panic he suffocates her and then discovers he has just killed Sofia. When David is finished telling Dr. McCabe his story he still can't bring himself to believe that he killed anybody. Dr. McCabe, frustrated by David's failure to tell him anything meaningful that might help his case, tells him that he can no longer help David and will try to argue for "temporary derangement". This odd turn of legalistic phrase is just one of many clues that in this version of David's world all is not what it seems. As Dr. McCabe leaves, David sees an infomercial for a cryonics company called "Life Extension." This infomercial involving a dog that has been frozen and brought back to life has appeared at several points throughout the film. David is entranced by the commercial, and McCabe sees that there may be a connection between Life Extension and David's amnesia. Escorted by Dr. McCabe and the police, David visits Life Extension and realizes that he had signed on as a client. He had opted for an extra feature called the Lucid Dream. This allows cryogenically-frozen, clinically dead clients to experience an unending custom-made dream life with no memory of their physical death. David realizes that he is now living in the Lucid Dream and that the mysterious man is his "Technical Support." The Support Technician explains that the Lucid Dream was "spliced" into his memories at the point where he passed out on the sidewalk after his night out with Sofia and Brian. But the dream went awry and turned into a nightmare. Since nothing he experienced after the splice was real David realizes that he never murdered anybody. Dr. McCabe tells him that the guilt he felt for the way he treated Julianna may have caused his subconscious to merge Julianna and Sofia. But it turns out that Dr. McCabe isn't real either; he's just a character David created in his dream to be the father figure he always wanted. Most curious is the fact that Dr. McCabe seems to believe that he himself is real and only reluctantly comes to accept the truth (he had previously mentioned that he was going out with his two daughters for dinner after a session with David, but when The Support Technician asks him "What are their [your daughters'] names, Dr. McCabe has no response). Tech Support tells David that in reality, he never saw Sofia again, and that Thomas Tipp, the attorney that David considered firing in the beginning, had saved the company for David and helped him regain control from the board of directors. But David, suffering constant pain and depression following his disfigurement, committed suicide. In the end, technical support reveals an upgrade to the software which allows David to either be reinserted into the lucid dream with no memory of the nightmare portion or to be awakened in the present time (which is 150 years after he was frozen) and live in the real world with a restored body. David chooses to be awakened in this future present realizing that everyone he ever knew will be long dead and his wealth will be worth far less. After one last lucid-dream rooftop exchange with Sofia in which she vows to "find you again" he leaps off the skyscraper. Multiple memory-images cascade frenetically through his mind as he falls. The final shot is of a brief whiteout (rather than the blackout) accompanied by the sound of a woman's voice telling him to "open your eyes" and an extreme closeup of a single human eye opening and staring into the camera. 
 The Dirt (2019)321) Based on the bestselling autobiography from Mtley Cre, the film is an unflinching tale of success and excess as four misfits rise from the streets of Hollywood to the heights of international fame. Based on Mtley Cre's 2001 best-selling autobiography, THE DIRT is an unflinching story about sex, drugs, rock 'n roll, fame, and the high price of excess. Director Jeff Tremaine shows us just how Nikki Sixx (Douglas Booth), Mick Mars (Iwan Rheon), Tommy Lee (Colson Baker), and Vince Neil (Daniel Webber) took Mtley Cre from the Sunset Strip to the world stage, and what it meant to become the world's most notorious rock band. Netflix Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Franklin Carlton Ferrana, Jr has had enough of his mother and her constant, never ending stream of partners. It's been this way ever since his dad left. The only thing he unfortunately got stuck with was his name. In order to stage his revenge, Frank becomes tired of the abuse from his latest stepfather and decides to do something drastic that ends with the police being called. He does so. 10 years later, we see that Frank Jr. had moved to Los Angeles. He is waiting in line at the county court's office to pick up his new ID. As he sets fire to his old one we learn that he had legally changed his name to: Nikki Sixx. As he leaves the court house, he sets fire to his old ID and his old life. Meanwhile, at the Bass house, Tommy Lee is leading a seemingly normal life with his parents and his sister. With whom he was having an argument with about his questionable fashion choices for his latest show. After the show, Tommy had heard about Nikki through the various musician circles that he belonged to. A nervous Tommy goes to recruit Nikki at a nearby diner, and after several shots of Jack, Nikki agrees to join Tommy. They decide that they need a bass guitar player and a singer to fill the rest of the band. Tommy puts a personal ad in the LA Weekly tabloid newspaper looking for a bass guitarist. A musician by the name of Robert Deal, who goes by the stage name "Mick Mars" answers the ad and now they've got something. However, Mick could be a liability to the band because he suffers from a rare degenerative bone disease. The band is almost complete. Except for a singer. Tommy remembers this guy that he went to high school with that would be perfect. Tommy, Mick, and Nikki go to a mid size party in LA where Vince Neil is playing with a band that he formed. Tommy and Vince instantly reunite and Tommy asks Vince to join his band that he's been forming. Vince is reluctant to at first join because he's already got a gig. But when his band decides to switch genres and Vince is no longer a good fit, Vince decides to leave his current gig and join Tommy and the guys. After a few rounds of rehearsals and song writing, the guys decide that they're ready to take this show on the road. Sitting around and having a few beers, the guys decide to come up with a name for their new band. Several failed attempts from Tommy and Nikki produce nothing. Then Mick has an idea that he's been saving for a long time. They call their new band "Motley Crew". But after a couple of changes, Mtley Cre was born. Their first show was nearly an utter disaster when Tommy's drum kit falls apart on stage and they have some hecklers in the audience. But after kicking the heckler's asses and getting them thrown out, their near-miss turns into a huge hit. Night after night, the audiences start pouring in. The Cre starts playing every venue on the Sunset Strip to packed houses and long lines, and the money starts pouring in. Which means better drugs and bigger parties. They start partying with Sunset Strip royalty including David Lee Roth and Eddie Van Halen. In fact the story where they met their long time bodyguard, who was protecting David Lee Roth at a hotel party was told, but it wasn't exactly true. They played their first Forum gig to a sold out crowd and got rave reviews. That earned them a spot on a tour with the legendary Ozzy Osbourne. Their recklessness and their habit of destroying hotels earns them notoriety and their fan base grows. Ozzy gives them some advice about not partying too heartily or it could have serious consequences. Of course that's not before Ozzy publicly embarrasses and humiliates himself at the pool of the hotel where he and the Crue were staying. Unfortunately for the Crue, Ozzy's advice proved to be true. The tour for their third album, "Theater Of Pain" would prove to be both dangerous and deadly. Vince was already questioning the creative flow of the band as he thought their cover of "Smokin' In The Boys Room" would never work and wasn't keen on producing it, while the venues the band was being booked into weren't exactly the rowdy clubs or huge stadiums that they were used to playing. Meanwhile Tommy had met a woman named Roxy who he had engaged to wed, but on the ride home, a fight with Tommy's soon-to-be-wife led to an altercation. Meanwhile, Nikki's mother comes to visit him on the set and he's not exactly enamored with the situation. At the end of the tour, In 1984, Vince had purchased a huge mansion in Redondo Beach and was throwing a housewarming party. There, Tommy met the woman who he would later go on to marry - TV's Heather Locklear. However, while out on a booze run, Vince was with Nicholas Dingley, the drummer of the band who was opening for them, Hanoi Rocks, and was in a serious car accident on the way back that killed Dingley. Vince got 30 days in jail for vehicular manslaughter. Nikki tells the audience what living on the road was like. It was they would get on a red eye and drink all night, eventually landing at their next destination where they would immediately head to the nearest strip club. Then from the strip club they're led to the show where they play for approximately 2.5 hours, then head back to the hotel where they'd booze, party and have sex with hookers until they eventually pass out and then they're off to their next destination. Fast forward to Tommy's wedding to Heather. Tommy had asked Nikki to be his best man. Unfortunately Nikki was too whacked out on his new drug of choice - heroin, and could hardly function, and nearly ruined the wedding. The preceding fight with Tommy only made things worse for their relationship. That causes Nikki to go off the rails and he nearly dies of an overdose - only to be saved by a paramedic who was a huge Crue fan that administered two shots of adrenaline to his heart. Nikki decides that he has indeed hit rock bottom and decides to get clean, but needs the help of his band mates. They all decide to do so and go to rehab together. They switch out their hard drugs and hard partying lifestyles for institution coffee and meetings where they talk about their feelings. Living the sober life proves to work for a while. They released their fourth album "Dr. Feelgood" about their experiences. That proves to be their first #1. But living sober on the road proved to take a serious toll on their relationship. Vince ultimately tells Tommy that he hasn't been exactly honest about his sobriety, while Tommy acknowledges the same. This leads to a rift in the band and Vince quits and heads back home to spend time with his family. The guys continue on without Vince, but their new singer John Corabi proved to be an utter disaster. The Crue's latest tour was a flop and they played to worse audiences than ever before, and all of them demanded Vince. But Vince was at home, where he learned that his daughter Skyler was suffering from a devastating illness. Vince remains at her side the entirety of the time she is at the hospital. Unfortunately Skyler succumbs to her illness and passes away. The guys reunite at a bar and find a broken down Vince struggling to cope with his grief. He decides to rejoin the band as a way to feel alive and to honor his late daughter's memory. They do so and play to packed houses around the world for another 25 years. The final shot of the movie is the band walking on stage for their final tour, with footage from their final show on 12/31/2015. 
 Friday Night Lights (2004)541) Based on H.G. Bissinger's book, which profiled the economically depressed town of Odessa, Texas and their heroic high school football team, The Permian High Panthers. Odessa, Texas, is a small, town in Texas. Racially divided and economically dying, there is one night that gives the town something to live for: Friday Night. The Permian Panthers have a big winning tradition in Texas high school football, led by QB Mike Winchell and superstar tailback Boobie Miles, but all is not well, as Boobie suffers a career-ending injury in the first game of the season. Hope is lost among citizens in Odessa, and for the team, but Coach Gary Gaines, who believes that "Perfection is being able to look your friends in the eye and know you did everything you could not to let them down", is somehow able to help the team rise up from the ashes and make a huge season comeback. Now on their way to state, the Panthers must go out and be perfect, because they may never matter this much for the rest of their lives. Zac Abrams A straight arrow coach leads his team to the 1988 Texas state semifinals in the west Texas city of Odessa, where high school football is king. Expectations of classmates, coaches, family, and community members exact a toll on the athletes central to the story. Economic and racial undertones pervade this adaptation of H.G. Bissinger's book by the same name. David S. Johnson {davidsjohnson@bigfoot.com} Expectations are high for the 1988 football team at Permian "MOJO" High School in the blue-collar, football-crazy town of Odessa, Texas. MOJO is a traditional powerhouse in Texas high school football, and the community lets coach Gaines know in many not-so-subtle ways that nothing short of a state championship is a failure. But when the team loses its star tailback in the first game of the season, hopes seem dashed, and MOJO goes into an early tailspin. Everyone is ready to hang coach Gaines in effigy, and the team is left for dead. But miraculously, coach Gaines pulls the team together, and MOJO makes a now-unlikely run into the state playoffs. jgp3553@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bissinger followed the team for the entire 1988 season, which culminated in a loss in the State semi-finals against Carter High School from Dallas, who eventually went on to win the championship game but would have their title stripped for playing an ineligible player. However, the book also deals with or alludes to a number of secondary political and social issues existing in Odessa, all of which share ties to the Permian Panthers football team. These include socioeconomic disparity; racism; segregation (and desegregation); and poverty. The coach, Gary Gaines, is constantly on the hot seat. After a loss, he comes back to see "For Sale" signs on his lawn. Tied into the successes and failure of the coach and the team in general are the conflicts the players struggle with on and off the gridiron. The coach overuses his star player, running back James "Boobie" Miles, who gets seriously injured (Miles tore his ACL, missed the playoffs, and had a limp for the rest of his life). When this happens, sports radios are flooded with calls for his resignation. Miles' once-arrogant attitude vanishes as he sees his once promising chance of playing big-time college football disappear and starts to question his future after he notices his not-so promising academic standing. Quarterback Mike Winchell struggles with being able to play consistently, and his inability to make decisions for himself. Fullback Don Billingsley has a rocky relationship with his father, who won a state championship at Permian and carries on a feud with his son for not performing on the level he'd like to see, despite the fact that Don doesn't do anything to light his father's temper. Third-string running back Chris Comer, who takes the spot of Miles after his injury, attempts to get rid of his fear of being hit and getting injured, especially when the player who last occupied his spot suffered a season ending injury. His obsession with fame and recognition also comes at a high price that he is at first not ready to pay. Safety Brian Chavez is harassed by his teammates for being the "black sheep" of the team due to his lack of pure football instinct, although he is easily the smartest player on the team, and the most confident in his future after high school football. Coach Gaines triumphs and struggles with winning football games and connecting with his players a number of times during their tremulous season. His job depends on the Panthers making the playoffs, and his team is in a three-way tie with two other teams at the end of the regular season. Under Texas rules for ties, the tiebreaker is a coin-toss. In an effort to prevent a riot, the location of the coin-toss is kept under wraps, and the Texas TV stations air it live at an unearthly hour. Permian gets a spot. They make it to the finals, where they narrowly lose to a powerhouse Dallas high school team. The players are in tears as the game ends, but unite when they finally see the amount of success they had over their season given their situation, and how unmeasurable it all was, by a championship ring or anything else. The movie ends with the coach removing the departing seniors from the depth chart on his wall. Notably, the depth chart has "Case" at quarterback. This refers to Permian's real-life backup quarterback in 1988, Stoney Case, who would go on to lead Permian to the 5A state title the following year, and still later made it to the NFL. The final scene consists of Winchell throwing a football to a bunch of pee-wees playing pick-up football before leaving with Billingsley and Chavez. 
 Barb Wire (1996)Summaries During the Second American Civil War in 2017, Barb Wire owns a nightclub called the Hammerhead. Things become complicated when her ex-lover Axel Hood, who is married to the fugitive Corrina Devonshire, re-enters her life. In the early 21st century, the USA is in the wake of the Second Civil War. The whole country is in a constant state of emergency. What was formerly called the American Congress now rules the country with fascistic methods. There is only one free city left, Steel Harbor, a coastal California industrial town which is headquarters for the resistance. This is the home town of Barb Wire, owner of the Hammerhead nightclub. As times aren't good, Barb has a second job. She's a bounty hunter and you probably wouldn't want her after you. Barb's credo is to never take sides for anybody and that's the only way to survive these days in the crime-ridden streets of Steel Harbor. One evening, her former lover Axel Hood appears at the club asking for a favor to help him and his lover Cora D flee the country to Canada, Barb suddenly finds herself to be key player on high political stage. Now she has to take sides. Oliver Heidelbach It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 