nm0011984:

 Minder (19791994)Summaries Arthur Daley, a small-time conman, hires former boxer Terry McCann to be his "minder" and protect him from other small-time crooks. While Terry is putting his life at risk as he tries his hardest to satisfy his employer's demands, Arthur is busy exploiting Terry for all he is worth. When other people hire Terry's services through Arthur, Arthur usually keeps most of Terry's share of the money for himself by misleading the hard-working Terry about the amount of money he (as Terry's agent) is receiving on Terry's behalf. David McAnally <D.McAnally@uq.net.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Touching Evil (19971999)Summaries Touching Evil is a crime drama following the exploits of a crack squad on the Organised & Serial Crime Unit, a rapid response police force that serves the entire county. Loryn <scearley@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rockliffe's Babies (1987 )Summaries Series featuring the tough and experienced Det. Sgt. Alan Rockcliffe, and his squad of young and enthusiastic plain-clothes PCs. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Doctor Theatre (20202021)Summaries A cult surrounds the theatre, whose powers of manipulation far exceed the stage. Over the course of a rehearsal for Madame's new play the extent of the cult's darkness is revealed, and an ancient religion requires unique sacrifices - A formally ambitious film series which disrupts and investigates mise-en-scene, reality and acting. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 