nm0004874:

 xXx (2002)321) An extreme sports athlete, Xander Cage, is recruited by the government on a special mission. Xander "XXX" Cage is a thrill seeker who until now has been deemed untouchable by the law. NSA Agent Gibbons forces XXX to cooperate with the government to infiltrate an underground Russian crime ring, and avoid going to prison. Gibbons sends XXX to enter this world of crime undetected where others have failed, using his natural athletic prowess and a whole lot of attitude. Xander must combat an organization led by a clever, ruthless and nihilistic Yorgi whose first target is the city of Prague. Artemis-9 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After another failed infiltration of the Eastern European underground group Anarchy 99, National Security Agent Augustus Gibbons seeks a new type of agent. Extreme sports fanatic Xander 'xXx' Cage, is infamous for his wild and often illegal behavior. After his latest run-in with the law, crashing a Senator's car, xXx's base is raided by a SWAT team and he is drugged. xXx awakes in a diner where a robbery seemingly begins taking place, but he easily thwarts it, noticing several clues that point to the scene being a fake. Gibbons then appears to tell him it was a test, which he has passed. xXx isn't interested, but is again drugged. This time he finds himself on a plane with other criminals. They are dumped in Columbia, and come across a cocaine plantation where they are captured by the drugs cartel. At first xXx believes this is another set-up, but as events become serious, he realizes it's for real and escapes when the Colombian Army move in, only to be captured again by NSA agents. Again, Gibbons tells Cage that exposing the cartel was yet another test. He then gives Cage a choice - work for the NSA or go to prison for a long time. Cage agrees to work for him. He is sent uncover to the Czech Republic and infiltrates Anarchy 99. The leader of Anarchy 99 is Yorgi, an Russian ex-soldier. xXx finds himself attracted to Yorgi's apparent girlfriend, Yelena, and he negotiates political asylum for her, so she can live in America. Anarchy 99 are planning a series of chemical weapons attacks on major cities. They plan to use a sea-faring drone, Ahab, to launch the attacks. xXx works with Czech Special Forces to raid Yorgi's base, chaos ensues and Yorgi and his cohort escape. xXx hunts them down and kills them. After this xXx tracks down the drone, para-sails onto it and destroys it. The story ends with xXx and Yelena vacationing in Bora Bora. Whilst there, Gibbons informs xXx that something else has come up.... 
 The Fast and the Furious (2001)651) Los Angeles police officer Brian O'Conner must decide where his loyalty really lies when he becomes enamored with the street racing world he has been sent undercover to destroy. Los Angeles street racer Dominic Toretto falls under the suspicion of the LAPD as a string of high-speed electronics truck robberies rocks the area. Brian O'Connor, an officer of the LAPD, joins the ranks of Toretto's highly skilled racing crew undercover to convict Toretto. However, O'Connor finds himself both enamored with this new world and in love with Toretto's sister, Mia. As a rival racing crew gains strength, O'Connor must decide where his loyalty really lies. rball4042; Car7 LA street racer Dominic Toretto (Vin Diesel) falls under the suspicion of the LAPD for a string of high-speed electronics truck robberies. Brian O'Connor (Paul Walker) an officer of the LAPD, joins the ranks of Toretto's highly skilled racing crew undercover to convict Toretto. However, O'Connor finds himself both enamored with this new world and in love with Toretto's sister, Mia (Jordana Brewster) As a rival racing crew gains strength, O'Connor must decide where his loyalties lie. ahmetkozan The Fast & The Furious is loosely based on an article in a magazine about street clubs that race Japanese cars late at night. Domenic Toretto is the leader of a street gang that is under suspicion of stealing expensive electronic equipment. Brian O'Connor is an undercover police officer attempts to find out who exactly is stealing the equipment, while falling for Domenic's younger sister, Mia. Turkus3 The Fast and the Furious takes you inside the world of street racing. Dominic Toretto is a gang leader who is accused of hijacking trucks and stealing over a million dollars worth of electronic equipment. The FBI sends LAPD officer Brian O'Conner undercover into Los Angeles' street racing circuit to take down Toretto and his team. As O'Conner becomes part of Toretto's life and gets involved with his sister, Mia, he tries to prove that Toretto is innocent. SliMSeanY1402@aol.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, a helmeted racer leads a gang of stunt drivers driving three black Honda Civic coupes who hijack a shipment of electronics from a moving truck. Brian O'Conner (Brian Walker) is an undercover police officer, driving supercharged cars and trying to infiltrate Dominic Toretto's (Vin Diesel) gang, who are suspects in the robberies. He first visits Dominic's cafe, where he makes conversation with Dominic's younger sister, Mia (Jordana Brewster) and tries to make inroads with the gang by selling performance equipment. Vince (Matt Schulze) is jealous, and a fight breaks out. His girlfriend Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) begs Dom to break it up, who does so, threatening to get Brian fired. That night, racers gather for street racing. Brian meets Hector (Noel Gugliemi), and they wait for Dom. Brian offers his car in a bet, and Dom's tech Jesse (Chad Lindberg) checks his car out. The spectators line the streets, lighting the way. Brian and Dom race with Johnny Tran (Rick Yune) and Edwin (Ja Rule). Dom wins, showing Brian superior driving and timing. The racers pick up a police alert on the scanner, and everyone flees. Dom parks his car and flees on foot, and Brian helps him escape. Dom has researched Brian (getting his cover story), but as they chat, they are surrounded by uzi-wielding Chinese bikers, who escort them to an empty lot. The leader of this gang, Johnny Tran, admires Brian's car and refers to a race in the desert next month. He and his goons shoot up Brian's car, which explodes from the NOS (Nitrous Oxide) on board. Back at Dom's house, a party is in progress. Dom yells at his gang, saying Brian was the only one to help him. Vince is upset that Brian is back, and Mia breaks up with him. The next day Brian arrives at a police safehouse where his boss, Sgt. Tanner (Ted Levine), briefs Brian. Truckers are getting nervous about the robberies, and the FBI are now involved. They keep hearing about modified Honda Civics in the robberies. Later that day, Brian brings Dom a wrecked Toyota Supra with a powerful engine, and starts working in Dom's garage. Vince continues to be angry with Dom's friendship with Brian, and Mia teases him. The next day, Hector buys parts for Honda Civics from Brian, and Brian gets suspicious. He breaks into Hector's garage, but Vince and Dom have followed him. Brian convinces them he's spying on the competition for Race Wars next month. Vince is suspicious, but Dom thinks it's a good idea, and they break into Tran's garage. Brian spots possible stolen goods. Tran and his goons arrive, and Dom, Brian and Vince watch as they torture local fence Ted (Beau Holden) about stolen engines. Brian tells the FBI, but wants to resist moving in on Tran until they have more evidence. His boss thinks he's too soft on Torretto; that Brian is going "native". The next day, Dom takes Brian into confidence and shows off his supercharged 1970 Dodge Charger, one he never drives. Dom says it has too much power. Over dinner, Brian and Mia talk about Dom, then Mia shows off her driving skills. At the same time, another robbery is in progress, and Brian gets a call from his boss that they are moving in on Tran in the morning. The raid goes off with Brian wearing a hood (to avoid recognition), but Tran's gang gets out for lack of evidence - the suspicious goods were purchased. Sgt. Tanner cautions Brian about falling for Mia, and tells him Dominic is the next suspect. The next day, Brian and Dom take the rebuilt Supra for a spin, and smoke a Ferrari. Over lunch, Brian asks to get in on Dom's next job, but Dom wants to see how Brian does at Race Wars first. In the middle of the desert, Race Wars begins. Letty wins, but Jesse loses his car to Tran and refuses to pay. Tran accuses Dom of being an informer as a result of the police raid on his place the day before, and a fight breaks out. That night, Mia is upset with Dom, who is obviously going on another robbery (revealing that Dom and his gang really are the hijackers that Brian is trying to nail all along). Brian confesses that he's a cop, and asks Mia to help him warn Dom about the truckers arming themselves and the FBI operations. Brian calls for a trace of Dom's cell phone. Letty is nervous about the upcoming job, but they go ahead with it. At the climax, Dom and his gang don their masks and cars and set out for another hijacking job. The robbery begins to go wrong when Vince jumps on the truck, but is shot at by the trucker. Letty crashes her car, and Leon (Johnny Strong) rescues her. Brian arrives on the scene and risks his life to save Vince as the trucker reloads his shotgun. Dom arrives and hears Brian calling for a medical helicopter, identifying himself as a cop. Dom is stunned, but Vince is the first priority. After Vince is stabilized, Dom storms off with Mia following. Back at Dom's house, Brain confronts Dom. Jesse returns, and Tran shoots him in a drive-by. Brian gives chase, and Dom gets in the Charger to pursue as well. Dom stops in front of one of the motorcycles, sending the goon into a field, and Brian shoots Tran. Brian sees Dom fleeing, and pursues in the Supra. They race, and Dom's car begins destroys itself from the massive torque in the motor. They finish the race, but Dom hits a truck pulling out from a side street. The Charger is wrecked, and Dom is injured. As the police sirens are heard in the distance, Brian gives Dom his car and Dom escapes. 
 Furious 7 (2015)651) Deckard Shaw seeks revenge against Dominic Toretto and his family for his comatose brother. Dominic and his crew thought they'd left the criminal mercenary life behind. They'd defeated international terrorist Owen Shaw and went their separate ways. But now, Shaw's brother, Deckard Shaw, is out killing the crew one by one for revenge. Worse, a Somalian terrorist called Jakarde and a shady government official called "Mr. Nobody" are both competing to steal a computer terrorism program called "God's Eye," that can turn any technological device into a weapon. Torretto must reconvene with his team to stop Shaw and retrieve the God's Eye program while caught in a power struggle between the terrorist and the United States government. ahmetkozan The sins of the past seem to be catching up with Dominic Toretto, Brian O'Conner and his crew, when Deckard Shaw shows up to seek revenge for the travails of his younger brother. When a young unknown hacker who claims to have developed 'God's Eye' is also thrown into the mix, things go haywire, and Toretto and his crew need to save the hacker and also settle their scores with Shaw. PipingHotViews In the five years since the events of Fast and Furious 6, street racer Dominic Toretto, former cop, Brian O'Conner, racer Letty Ortiz, and the crew have lived peaceful years after Owen Shaw's demise. But danger is never far for the crew. Their years of peace are altered when Shaw's mysterious brother, Deckard, starts chaos starting with federal agent, Luke Hobbs, being badly crippled. Then they have another situation: African-American terrorist, Jakende, hunting them. Now Dom and his friends have to find out how to defeat Shaw and Jakarde, or finally face annihilation all in one last ride. Dominic Toretto, Brian O'Conner, and the rest of their team, who have returned to the United States to live normal lives after securing amnesty for their past crimes, until Deckard Shaw, a rogue special forces assassin seeking to avenge his comatose younger brother while a secret government agent offers to help them catch Shaw in exchange for rescuing a computer hacker. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene set in London, England, Deckard Shaw (Jason Statham) stands by his brother Owen's (Luke Evans) bedside as he lays in a coma, badly scarred and crippled after being ejected from the plane (in the last Fast and Furious film). Shaw promises his brother that he will settle the score. He leaves the room and goes out into the rest of the hospital, with bodies everywhere. The building continues to burn and crumble around him. Meanwhile, Dom (Vin DIesel) drives Letty (Michelle Rodriguez) to a racetrack in the California desert where hundreds of people from their neighborhood gather for Race Wars, something that Dom and Letty invented when they were younger. Letty goes up for the race and flies past her opponent as his car breaks down on the track. All the patrons cheer her on after she crosses the finish line, followed by Iggy Azalea showing up out of nowhere to congratulate Letty. The excitement of the others is too overwhelming for Letty, and she takes the car and drives away. Dom later finds her that night at the cemetery, staring at her own tombstone. Dom takes a sledgehammer to smash it, but Letty stops him because she thinks the person she used to be is no longer who she is to Dom, and she doesn't want to hurt him for that. She bids Dom goodbye. Brian (Paul Walker) is adjusting to life as a minivan-driving dad, as his son Jack is now old enough for school. Even his wife Mia (Jordana Brewster), Dom's sister, acknowledges that he has had trouble settling down this way. That evening, Hobbs (Dwayne Johnson) continues to do some overnight work while Elena (Elsa Pataky) is getting ready to go out. Hobbs hands her a letter of recommendation that she asked him for. He wishes her luck in her pursuits. Hobbs then sees Shaw in his office hacking into his computer. Hobbs attempts to arrest him as he is gathering the information on the crew that took down his brother. Shaw battles Hobbs through the whole floor, they smash each other through glass walls and coffee tables, while Hobbs manages to get a good chokeslam down on Shaw. Elena returns for back-up as Shaw gets a grenade out. He tosses it towards the detectives, forcing Hobbs to run to Elena as the grenade explodes, sending them both out the window where they land, Hobbs first, on a van. Elena is unharmed. In the office, it is shown that Shaw was looking for Han (Sung Kang). Dom visits Mia at her home as Brian is getting Jack ready for school. Outside their house is a large package. Mia tells Dom that she is having another child, but she hasn't told Brian for fear of how he'd react to more changes. Dom gets a call from Shaw, listening to his message after killing Han (from the end of the previous film). Dom realizes there's trouble, and he grabs Mia as the package explodes massively, destroying the whole house. Jack is safe in the minivan, though his parents rush to him in a panic. Dom follows Elena to Hobbs's hospital room. He tells Dom who Shaw is, including his history in the Special Forces, where he was turned into a human killing machine. Hobbs asks Dom to promise him he will take Shaw down for good. Dom agrees. Meanwhile, Brian sends Mia and their son to hide out in the Dominican Republic until this thing with Shaw is taken care of. He promises Mia that he will return as long as they are safe. Dom flies to Tokyo to bring Han back for a proper burial. He meets with Sean Boswell (Lucas Black), Han's friend (from the third film Fast and Furious 3: Toyko Drift). After the two have their race, Sean gives him the only things they could find from Han's car: a picture of Gisele and a cross necklace. Back in California, the gang gathers for Han's funeral, joined by Tej (Ludacris) and Roman (Tyrese Gibson). Dom spots a car suspiciously driving near the funeral. He follows it, learning it is Shaw. They crash into each other in a tunnel, and they briefly fight until a team of agents comes in, giving Shaw a chance to escape. Their leader, a shadowy agent known only as "Mr. Nobody" (Kurt Russell), brings Dom with him and gathers Brian, Tej, Roman, and finally Letty to work together on a mission. A hacker known only as Ramsey has been captured by a terrorist leader named Mose Jakande (Djimon Hounsou), because he is pursuing something Ramsey helped develop called God's Eye, which is a surveillance system that can spot anybody from anywhere in the world. Using this, Dom can locate Shaw. The guys come up with a plan to infiltrate the bus that is carrying Ramsey, while Dom asks Tej to help him put armor on one car. The plan involves the five dropping from a jet in their cars and carefully land close to their target. Roman gets cold feet, prompting Tej to pull the chute out on him and sucking him out of the plane. The other four land close to the bus and break in. Jakande's men shoot at the team. Brian hops on the bus and fights off the guards. He finds Ramsey... a young woman (Nathalie Emmanuel) in her cell and has her jump off the bus and onto the hood of Dom's car for safety. He then dukes it out with a minion named Kiet (Tony Jaa), who is a tough fighter. In the madness, the driver of the bus is accidentally shot. Kiet locks Brian on the bus as he gets out. The bus slides toward the edge of a cliff. Brian climbs out and manages to run off the bus and onto Letty's car as she arrives in time to grab him. Meanwhile, Dom and Ramsey encounter Shaw, leading them both through the woods. Roman appears and knocks Shaw off the road. However, Jakande and his team find Dom. Before they can get him, he drives his car off a cliff, yet he and Ramsey miraculously survive. The team revives Ramsey, who tells them that she gave God's Eye to a friend of hers in Abu Dhabi. They all travel there and meet this person, Safar (Ali Fazal), who says he sold God's Eye to a prince. The team goes undercover to a party that the prince is throwing. Dom and Brian find that God's Eye is in a car. Letty ends up fighting three guards and the prince's chief bodyguard Kara (Ronda Rousey). Kara alerts the guards that there are intruders, keeping Tej and Ramsey out of their systems. Dom and Brian drive the car out of there before the gates shut the place down. Shaw comes out and tries to shoot at Dom, until he drives out of the building and through the next one. Dom discovers that the brakes are out, forcing him and Brian to jump to the next building. The two jump out of the car and pull God's Eye out before the car slides out and crashes to the ground below. With God's Eye, the team learns that Shaw is hiding out in an abandoned factory outside the city. After tracking him there, they see that he has a lot of back-up from Jakande. The team evades gunfire, when Mr. Nobody gets shot in the chaos. Dom carries him out, and Jakande gets his hands on God's Eye. Mr. Nobody calls for medical assistance, and tells Dom that he will be leaving him. The team knows that it's time to end it with Shaw once and for all. They decide to take the fight back to the streets of their hometown in Los Angeles. Brian calls Mia to tell her he loves her in case he doesn't make it back. Mia tells him that they're having a little girl. Brian then promises to come back to her. Tej and Roman take Ramsey with them while they try and hack God's Eye to prevent Jakande from finding Ramsey. Dom finds Shaw and lures him to a parking lot where they have their final showdown. They have a street fight, dueling with wrenches and pipes. Meanwhile, Jakande, in an armored Stealth Black Hawk helicopter, sends a flying armored drone to find Ramsey. They end up shooting down an electrical tower, which catches Hobbs's attention after watching it on the news. He announces "Daddy's gotta go to work" and breaks off the cast on his arm, and then gears up. Ramsey gets switched under the bridge and goes with Lettty while Brian tries to find a new spot to hack God's Eye. He encounters Kiet again and kills him when he hooks him up to a weight and pushes him down an elevator shaft. The drone chases after Letty and Ramsey, nearly getting them until Hobbs rides in on an ambulance and destroys it by crashing into it with the ambulance off the freeway ramp. Hobbs exits the totaled ambulance, shaken but still alive. They succeed in the hack, and Jakande is furious. He and his men locate Dom and Shaw still fighting on the roof of the parking garage. They shoot a missile at the lot, causing the ground to break beneath Shaw's feet. Dom stomps on the concrete and drops Shaw through the lot. Jakande continues shooting at Dom as he drives away, but Hobbs shoots back. Dom grabs a bag of grenades and drives close enough to stick them onto Jakande's chopper. Hobbs shoots at the bag, destroying the chopper and Jakande. Dom crashes his car and is pulled out by Brian and Letty. Letty begs him to stay alive and says she remembers that they got married in the Dominican Republic. That's where he gave her the cross necklace that Han had. Dom awakens and kisses Letty. Shaw is locked up for good in a maximum security black site prison. He threatens to break out, though Hobbs doubts that it will ever happen. The team watches Brian and Mia play with Jack on the beach. They realize this is where he belongs, and they look at them lovingly. Dom gets up to leave. Ramsey asks if he's gonna say goodbye. Dom says, "It's never goodbye." He drives away, only to get caught up with Brian on the road. They look at each other with a smile. We hear Dom's voice say that they both lived life at a quarter mile, and that's why they're brothers. This is cut between scenes of Brian through the whole series and everything he and Dom have been through. Dom says Brian will always be his brother. The two continue driving until they finally part ways at a fork in the road, with Brian driving into the sunset. The film closes with the text, "For Paul". 
 Guardians of the Galaxy (2014)651) A group of intergalactic criminals must pull together to stop a fanatical warrior with plans to purge the universe. After stealing a mysterious orb in the far reaches of outer space, Peter Quill from Earth is now the main target of a manhunt led by the villain known as Ronan the Accuser. To help fight Ronan and his team and save the galaxy from his power, Quill creates a team of space heroes known as the "Guardians of the Galaxy" to save the galaxy. James Hake After discovering a mysterious orb in another part of the galaxy, Peter Quill from Earth, is now the main target of a manhunt led by the genocidal villain Ronan the Accuser. Being hunted across the galaxy, Quill gets lumped together with a group of misfits that need to learn how to get along before they can become the "Guardians of the Galaxy". ahmetkozan Kidnapped by aliens when he was young, Peter Quill now travels the galaxy salvaging anything of value for resale. When he comes across a silver orb however, he gets more than he's bargained for. The orb is highly desired many but by none so powerful as Ronan. When Ronan finally acquires it, it's left to Peter and his newfound friends Gamora, Drax, Groot and Rocket to stop him. garykmcd Nearly three decades after a close encounter of the fourth kind, the intergalactic outlaw, Peter Quill, aka Star-Lord, steals a precious artefact known as the Orb, intent on selling it. Now, the notorious scavenger has to form an uneasy alliance with his fellow inmates--Thanos' adopted daughter, Gamora; the former criminal, Drax the Destroyer; the genetically enhanced creature, Rocket Raccoon, and the plant-like organism, Groot--to thwart the evil plans of the radical Kree warlord, Ronan the Accuser. Are the mismatched Guardians of the Galaxy the cosmos' last hope? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Earth, 1988: Young Peter Quill ( Wyatt Oleff ) sits in the waiting room of a hospital, listening with headphones to "Awesome Mix Tape no. 1" on his Walkman. His grandpa ( Gregg Henry ) comes out and gets him so he can say goodbye to his mom, who is dying from a brain tumor. His mom gives him a present and tells him his father was an angel, and that Peter is just like him. She asks for his hand, but he's too scared to take it. Just then, she dies. The distraught Peter runs outside and is abducted by a spaceship. Morag, 2014: On the planet Morag, an adult Peter Quill, a.k.a. Star-lord ( Chris Pratt ), is searching for a mysterious Orb whilst listening to Awesome Mix Tape no. 1. He finds the Orb and takes it out of a laser enclosure. Almost immediately, he is ambushed by Korath the Pursuer ( Djimon Hounsou ) and his henchmen. After a shootout, Peter makes it to his ship, the Milano, and escapes. His father figure, Yondu Udonta, ( Michael Rooker ) who heads the Ravager platoon that raised Peter, calls and tells Peter to give him the Orb. Peter decides he's going to sell it on his own. After Peter hangs up, Yondu's men reprimand him for always being soft on Peter despite his constant betrayals, which Yondu brushes off, being more interested in finding out who else is interested in the Orb. Korath returns to the Dark Aster, a Kree warship led by a genocidal tyrant, Ronan the Accuser ( Lee Pace ), who seeks to destroy the planet of Xandar after their people killed his father and grandfather. Korath reports that he failed in getting the Orb and that it's in the hands of Peter. Ronan wants the Orb because he can trade it to Thanos in exchange for Thanos destroying Xandar. Ronan decides to send Thanos' daughter Nebula ( Karen Gillan ) after Peter, but her sister Gamora ( Zoe Saldana ) volunteers. Over Nebula's complaints, Ronan sends Gamora. On the planet Xandar, Peter takes the Orb to a broker ( Christopher Fairbank ) and asks what it is, because Ronan's goons are after it too. On hearing Ronan's name, the broker immediately backs out, not wanting anything to do with the orb, and removes Peter from the shop. Outside, Gamora jumps Peter and tries to retrieve the Orb herself. As they fight, they are ambushed by Rocket Raccoon ( Bradley Cooper ) and Groot ( Vin Diesel ), seeking to claim a bounty on Peter. ( Stan Lee has a cameo appearance as an old man on Xandar, chatting up a young lady. Rocket calls him a pervert.). Its not too long before Peter, Gamora, Rocket, and Groot are arrested by the Nova Corps, and after processing, are sent to a space prison called the Kyln. Pretty much everyone in prison wants to kill Gamora because she's the daughter of Thanos. One of the inmates, Drax the Destroyer ( Dave Bautista ), has a vendetta against her because Ronan killed his wife and daughter, so he wants to avenge them by taking the life of one of Ronan's family members in return. Gamora explains that she's not related to Ronan and she was planning on double crossing him. Peter argues in Gamora's favor. Meanwhile, Ronan is summoned to meet Thanos at his at his domain in an asteroid field. Ronan reports to Thanos ( Josh Brolin ) that Gamora is a traitor, and kills one of Thanos's underlings for showing disrespect to him. Thanos tells him to take care of her and get the Orb, threatening to kill him if he doesn't. He also notes that Gamora is his favorite daughter, which angers Nebula. Back a the Kyln, Gamora has a plan to sell the Orb to someone else. Peter, Rocket, and Groot agree to help and split the reward. Rocket has a plan to escape the prison. He needs one of the guard's wrist devices, a prisoner's prosthetic leg and a battery from a tall column in the prison. As he explains that it's very important to take the battery last, Groot grabs it first. The alarms go off and security droids fly in. Gamora goes to get a wrist device as Peter negotiates for the prisoner's leg. Drax decides to join in the escape, realizing that eventually Ronan will go after Gamora and then he can kill Ronan himself. Everyone gets the item they agreed to get, and they all make it to a guard station near the top of the prison. Rocket is surprised that Peter actually got the leg and says that he (Rocket) was only kidding, and he didn't really need it. Just as it seems that they have run out of time, Rocket rigs up the stuff to turn off the gravity in the prison and to use the security droids as jets to fly the guard station out of the prison. They escape, but Peter leaves the others, telling Rocket that he left something behind. It turns out that he is retrieving his Walkman with the Awesome Mix Tape from one of the guards. Yondu goes to his broker and finds out Peter still has the Orb. Threatening the broker with his arrow, he gets the man to reveal where Peter might have traveled. Everyone on Peter's ship gets to know one another better. They don't like each other at all. Soon they arrive at Knowhere (a space station built in the severed head of a Celestial) to meet with the Collector. While they wait for their appointment, Drax, Rocket, and Groot get drunk and gamble. Gamora and Peter bond over music. He explains that his mom made him the mix tape of her favorite songs. She listens and likes it. He asks her to dance, but she doesn't trust him. He says it reminds him of an old fable about other people who didn't dance, called Footloose. He makes a pass at her, but she says she's not one of the doe-eyed girls he's used to and she won't fall for his pelvic sorcery. Before they can meet with the Collector, Drax, Rocket, and Groot (all drunk) get into a big fight. Drax thinks Groot is dumb and Rocket is tired of people calling him a rodent. Peter talks them out of fighting. The Collector's assistant fetches them and they all go to meet him. Drax goes off on his own and makes a call to Ronan. The Collector ( Benicio Del Toro ) has a giant assortment of collectibles from all over the galaxy, including Howard the Duck and Cosmo the Soviet space dog. The Collector puts the orb into a kind of lathe, which unscrews the two halves of the Orb to reveal that it's a capsule for an Infinity Stone. The Collector explains that the Infinity Stones are six singularities created during the Big Bang. There are more of them and they can destroy planets. The Collector's assistant suddenly grabs the stone, trying to kill him. The Infinity Stone is poisoning her, and then she and everything in the area blow up. Most of the people survive, along with Cosmo. Peter and the others manage to escape with the Orb holding the Infinity Stone. They decide the safest place to take the stone is Nova Headquarters. It's too dangerous to be anywhere else. Suddenly the group is ambushed by Ronan and his crew, responding to Drax's call. Yondu's Ravager platoon also shows up, having tracked Peter down from the broker. Gamora, Rocket and Quill take off in single passenger ships while Nebula and some of Ronan's goons chase after them. Drax tries to fight Ronan, but gets beaten up badly. Nebula chases Gamora's ship above the atmosphere and blows it up. Nebula gets the Infinity Stone and leaves Gamora floating in space to die. Peter realizes that he can't allow Gamora to die, so he calls Yondu to tell him where he is, then exits his ship, and floats to Gamora, where he gives her his gas mask to keep her alive. Yondu arrives and collects Peter and Gamora with a tractor beam right before they can freeze to death. This is where we see that Yondu's ship is the same ship that abducted Peter as a child. Meanwhile, onboard the Dark Aster, Ronan tells Thanos that now that he (Ronan) has the Infinity Stone, he can cut Thanos out of the deal. Instead, he will destroy Xandar himself and then go after Thanos. He puts the Infinity Stone into his hammer. Back on Yondu's ship, Yondu is going to kill Peter for double-crossing him, but he reconsiders when Peter says that he has a plan to get the Orb back. Meanwhile on Knowhere, Drax, Groot, and Rocket decide to join forces and save Peter and Gamora from Yondu. They fly the Milano to Yondu's ship and threaten to blow it up with a special weapon Rocket built unless Yondu releases Peter and Gamora. Peter emerges from the crowd aboard Yondu's ship, and persuades Rocket that he doesn't need to be rescued. Now on board the Milano, Peter explains that they must prevent Ronan from touching the Infinity Stone to the ground of Xandar, which will wipe out the planet, and that he has a plan to stop Ronan. The others ask Peter if he really has a plan, or if he was lying. He says he has part of a plan. After much discussion, he says that he has 12% of a plan. Everyone scoffs, except Groot who says (translated by Rocket) that this is more than 11% of a plan. Rocket says that they will most likely die if they try to stop Ronan. Peter points out that they've already lost so much, that at this point they have nothing to lose. Slowly, each of them stands up and announces that he will join the fight against Ronan. Peter warns the Nova Corps that Ronan is coming to destroy them and they should get ready, telling them that they should believe his message, because he's not 100% a dick. Rocket's idea is to blow a hole in Ronan's ship so Peter, Groot, Drax and Gamora can board it. Gamora is going to cut the power for Ronan's security and then they're going to blow him up with a cannon that Rocket made. They start the plan. Rocket blows a hole in the Dark Aster and then helps Yondu and his men defend Xandar against Ronan's fighter ships. Yondu is shot down. On the ground, told to surrender, he instead uses his arrow to take out an entire platoon of goons. On the Dark Aster, Gamora and Nebula get into a big fight, while Drax, Peter and Groot go to the bridge of the ship. Dozens of Nova ships link together to form a giant net and slow the descent of the Dark Aster. Gamora finally beats Nebula, who falls, landing on a Ravager ship and commandeers it, throwing the Pilot of the ship out the window and flying away. Ronan orders his ships to kamikaze into Xandar. Rocket and Yondu's men shoot as many of the ships down as they can. Almost to the bridge, Drax kills Korath. Groot grows a long thin branch and thrashes a large number of Ronan's men. Eventually, everyone makes it to the bridge to fight Ronan. Again, he's too strong for them, but Peter manages to shoot Ronan with Rocket's super cannon, to no avail. Rocket crashes the Milano into the bridge and seems to have destroyed Ronan. The entire ship is plummeting towards Xandar, so Groot forms a giant nest around all of them for safety. Rocket is upset because he knows that what Groot is doing will end up killing him. Groot, who up to this point has only said "I Am Groot," responds with "We are Groot." The ship crashes. Everyone except Groot is okay. Groot is a pile of twigs strewn all about. The battle is not over though, because Ronan is still alive and well. He sarcastically calls Peter and his crew the Guardians of the Galaxy. As he raises his hammer for a final blow, Quill stands up and starts to dance to the song "Ooh-ooh Child," and challenges Ronan to a dance-off. Ronan is confused, until Peter reveals it was all one big distraction, as Drax and Rocket shoot Ronan's hammer at Ronan, releasing the Infinity Stone. Peter grabs the stone before Ronan can. Peter starts to be affected in the same way as the Collector's assistant. Holding the stone is going to kill him, but Gamora tells him to take her hand. He flashes back to when he didn't have the courage to take his mom's hand, and he now grabs Gamora's. Drax and Rocket hold hands with the others, and the power from the Infinity Stone is spread among the four of them, causing a burst of energy that vaporizes Ronan. Rocket collects one of the sticks that was once Groot. Yondu appears and demands the Stone as per his original deal with Peter. Peter hands him the Orb. As Yondu and his men take off, one of them notes that he likes Peter and he's glad they didn't take him back to his dad like they were supposed to all those years ago. Gamora is upset that Peter gave up the stone. Peter reveals that he switched the Orbs, and he still has the one with the stone. At Nova HQ, they turn over the Orb that contains the Infinity Stone and Peter learns he's only half human and half something ancient and unknown. They speculate that his nonhuman genes allowed him to hold the Infinity Stone without dying. There is a party on Yondu's ship. His crew is celebrating but Yondu looks suspiciously at the Orb and then decides to open it. In it is a troll doll. He smiles. Peter finally opens the present his mom gave him before she died. It's a cassette labeled "Awesome Mix Tape no. 2." He asks the Guardians where they want to go. Gamora says, "You lead, Star-lord." He asks if they want something good or something bad. He then decides they should do something that is both. Rocket holds a pot in which he has stuck the stick that he retrieved after Groot's sacrifice. We can see the face of a tiny Groot on the stick. End Credits During the credits, the baby Groot (slightly larger than in the previous scene) dances in his pot to Quill's 1980s music, with Drax in the background. The baby Groot stops when Drax looks at him, but he starts again when Drax looks away. After the credits: The Collector is sitting on the wreckage, drinking, when Cosmo the Soviet space dog comes up and licks his face. We hear a voice that says that's gross. The camera turns to reveal Howard the Duck sitting on a broken cage, drinking as well. 