nm0011136:

 Born Again (1978)Summaries Charles Colson was involved in the infamous Watergate scandal that brought down the administration of former President Richard Nixon. Colson was sentenced to prison for the crimes he committed in the name of "national security", and while in prison he underwent a religious conversion. This is the story of his life up to, including, and after his conversion. frankfob2@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Snoops (19891990)Summaries A husband and wife find themselves regularly embroiled in murder mysteries around Washington, D.C. Chance Dennis is a criminology professor, his wife, Micki, works for the state depsrtment. They live in Washington, D.C. Every now and then they come across a murder and for some strange reason, they have to solve it. Or someone they know is in trouble and needs their help. Sometimes, they turn to their friend, Lt. Sam Akers for help. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Homefront (19911993)Summaries World War II is over and the boys from the town of River Run, Ohio, are coming home. It seems that life is slowly going back to normal, but war has changed everything and they will never be the same again. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 )Summaries The saga of high fashion glamour, honor, romance, passion, and most importantly, family. The saga of the rich Forresters and the poor Logans is told against the backdrop of the fashion world in Los Angeles. Forrester Creations is the premiere fashion house in the city, thanks to the designing brilliance of Eric Forrester and the money and social grace of his wife, Stephanie Forrester. The ups and downs of their on-again, off-again marriage parallel the stormy lives of all their children, who have shared lovers and spouses with one another and even with their own father. Ridge Forrester is the arrogant oldest son (whose paternity will eventually be called into question); Thorne, the oft-neglected younger son; Kristen, the sweet but sexually-frigid older daughter; Felicia, the wild child. At the center of many of these storms is the Logan family. Beth Logan, the matriarch, has always carried a torch for Eric. Her three daughters include Brooke, the willful and sexually promiscuous oldest; Donna, the ditsy model; and Katie, who has always felt overshadowed by her more beautiful older sisters. Into the lives of these two families comes the brazen Sally Spectra of Spectra Fashions, a knock-off house that has frequently stolen from Forrester; Taylor Hayes, the beautiful but emotionally-troubled psychiatrist; Sheila Carter, a devious and homicidal nurse; the Marone family, with closer ties to the Forresters than anyone would have dreamed; and many others. Death, divorce, alcoholism, duplicity, betrayal and adultery are the everyday concerns, while murder, attempted murder, rape, impersonations and returns from the dead are the bizarre shocks that happen with dreadful regularity. J. Spurlin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 