nm0001759:

 Creator (1985)321) An eccentric scientist teaches a student in his own manner while he looks for a way to clone his deceased wife. Dr. Harry Wolper is a character. First he steals Boris, a new student assistant by promising him a co-ed's phone number. Then he hijacks new high tech equipment for his own research, confusing the other university researchers who can't see "the big picture." Harry has a plan, he wants to clone his dead wife, but first he needs an egg and a host. He mounts his search by stapling notices to every telephone pole in town from his bike, which is how he meets Mili. As the year progresses, he sees Boris' romance follow the same pattern as his own, twenty-five years ago. John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Smitten by a female stranger, new graduate student, Boris Lafkin, follows the girl into the University Medical Center. There he catches the eye of Dr. Harry Wolper, a Nobel Prize-winning biologist who is seeking a student assistant. Harry promises to identify the girl if Boris forgoes his assistant position with Harry's rival colleague, Dr. Sid Kuhlenbeck, and comes to work for him. Harry vows to teach Boris "the big picture" while under his mentor-ship. When Boris accepts, Harry takes him to his off-campus laboratory and explains his experiment, "Lucy," named after his deceased wife. For the past thirty years, Harry has been cultivating her cells, attempting to bring her back to life. Although Harry does not really know the name of Boris' love interest, the boy still grows to admire his new instructor. When Harry needs a "sequencer" to continue his experiments, the two steal one from rival Dr. Sid Kuhlenbeck. Later, Boris learns that his father has passed away, and Harry attends the funeral with his grieving young protege. As Harry shares stories of his wife, Lucy, Boris expresses admiration for the doctor. With their partnership secured, Harry reveals that he has learned the name of Boris' flame: Barbara Spencer. In time, Boris sees Barbara on the street, and helps her carry a refrigerator to her new apartment. When Boris meets her roommate, Larry, he assumes the two are a couple, and becomes despondent. As Dr. Kuhlenbeck pries Boris for information about Harry's secret experiment, he reveals his intention to have Harry removed from his leadership position at the university, and transferred to an outlying facility where the elderly scientists teach. Meanwhile, Harry posts fliers seeking a female ovary donor to further his experiments. When he later consoles a crying young woman named Meli, who believes she may be pregnant but cannot afford medical testing, Harry offers to perform a blood test at no charge. Learning she is not pregnant, the grateful girl offers Harry one of her eggs and moves in to Harry's home. When Boris meets Meli and learns she donated an ovary, he believes Harry has gone too far. In turn, Meli confides her intention to marry Harry. Sometime later, Barbara seeks out Boris and explains that she no longer wants to live with her roommate, Larry, after he made sexual advances toward her. Boris offers Barbara temporary accommodations at his apartment while she looks for a new place to live. Feeling comfortable with her new friend, Barbara accepts his offer. Elsewhere, Harry asks Meli for a second egg, and she agrees, on condition that Harry gives their budding relationship a chance. At Boris' apartment, Barbara settles in, and the young man struggles to restrain his attraction to her. Later, Meli proposes marriage to Harry, but he refuses to take the young girl seriously. At a faculty dinner party, Harry introduces his colleagues to Meli, and the girl is mesmerizing. When Dr. Kuhlenbeck attempts to seduce her, Meli rejects him. Harry later shows his home lab to the chairperson of the Biology department, Paul, and shares his progress with resurrecting "Lucy." Paul, a close friend of Harry's, advises him to keep his ludicrous experiment to himself. In time, Harry invites Boris and Barbara to his beach house, where they fall in love. Boris proposes marriage while making love to Barbara, and she accepts. Back in Harry's lab, "Lucy's" fertilized egg begins to grow in a test tube. Paul and Boris congratulate the doctor on his achievement, but Meli is not pleased. Later, Barbara develops morning sickness, and she fears she is pregnant. Later still, Dr. Kuhlenbeck discovers the stolen lab equipment at Harry's house, and university officers repossess the contraptions, destroying the "Lucy" fetus in the process. However, some of her cultivated cells remain intact. Due to the incident, Boris anticipates being expelled and blames Harry for leading him astray. Meanwhile, Meli fights with Harry over "Lucy," chastising him for not accepting his wife's death. Heartbroken, Meli leaves her companion. Later, Harry accepts a transfer to the isolated research facility within the university, but first fulfills his obligation to give a presentation for Biology department financiers. Dr. Kuhlenbeck is furious when Harry successfully procures a large grant from the financiers, and learns the research funds will go with Harry to the outlying facility. Later, Boris takes Barbara to the hospital after she suffers pains and fainting spells. There, Dr. Kuhlenbeck examines her, and rushes her into emergency treatment when she falls unconscious. Barbara's parents arrive at her bedside and tell Boris how much Barbara loves him. Dr. Kuhlenbeck reveals that Barbara suffered a stroke and can no longer breathe on her own. Although she could remain alive in a coma for several years, Dr. Kuhlenbeck recommends that her parents remove her from life support. Devastated, Boris vows to protect Barbara, but her parents give permission to let her die. As Boris begs Dr. Kuhlenbeck to wait, claiming Barbara is not brain dead, Harry arrives to intervene. Bearing a letter from the university dean, Harry is given permission to conduct tests on Barbara for two more days, and enlists Boris' help. Ultimately agreeing with Dr. Kuhlenbeck's grave assessment, Harry extracts some of Barbara's cells and offers to use them to bring her back if she dies, but Boris is determined to accept her death, if it occurs. Forgoing science, Harry and Boris turn to prayer and the power of love to save Barbara. When Boris tells his mentor that he failed to learn "the big picture" because he was too caught up in his love for Barbara, Harry suggests otherwise. Harry leaves Boris to sit vigil at Barbara's side and searches for Meli, posting fliers around town declaring his desire to marry her. Harry speaks aloud to his deceased wife, and finally bids her farewell. Sometime later, Meli finds Harry at his beach house, and he throws the last of Lucy's cells into the ocean. They express their love for each other, and Meli agrees to marry Harry. Meanwhile, at the hospital, Boris pleads with Barbara to live. As Dr. Kuhlenbeck pulls Boris away, Barbara squeezes her lover's hand, proving she is still alive. When Dr. Kuhlenbeck removes her breathing machine, Boris is enraged, then realizes Barbara is breathing on her own. Looking for Barbara's parents to notify them of Barbara's recovery, Boris sees Harry, and the friends embrace. Sometime later, Boris returns to the hospital carrying armfuls of presents for Barbara. In the final scene, students flock to follow Harry to his new outpost within the university, and Meli tells him she's expecting a baby. 
 Rumble Fish (1983)44) Absent-minded street thug Rusty James struggles to live up to his legendary older brother's reputation, and longs for the days of gang warfare. Rusty James is the leader of a small, dying gang in an industrial town. He lives in the shadow of the memory of his absent, older brother -- The Motorcycle Boy. His mother has left, his father drinks, school has no meaning for him and his relationships are shallow. He is drawn into one more gang fight and the events that follow begin to change his life. Bruce Janson <bruce@cs.su.oz.au> Inspired by the faded memories of a past he never knew, while living with the ashen ghost of Motorcycle Boy--his missing brother and a criminal royalty in self-exile--cornered Rusty James, a teenage hoodlum living for the moment, is going nowhere fast. Indeed, Rusty James seems doomed to live forever in his brother's shadow, struggling to find an identity amid brutal rumbles, frail allegiances, and equally meaningless friendships. Then, the legendary prince of the violent Packers gang returns, and wide-eyed Rusty is on cloud nine. At last, Rusty's golden opportunity to prove his worth has come, and no one can stand in the way of fulfilling his damned destiny. But, life is cruel as it is for saints and sinners alike. What does the future have in store for those who don't fit in? Nick Riganas Rusty James is an up-and-coming street hoodlum, lamenting the salad days of the gangs when his older brother, The Motorcycle Boy, ran things as President of the Packers. Before disappearing two months earlier, Motorcycle Boy outlawed gang wars, or "rumbles," by a treaty. When Rusty James breaks the treaty in a fight with Biff Wilcox, and gets seriously hurt, his brother suddenly appears. Distracted, delusional and enigmatic, his brother seems haunted and disinterested in his past as a "neighborhood novelty." Over the next few days, James' dead end life of posturing seems to fall apart; he loses his girlfriend, his friends, his own sense of confidence. The future looms like a dark, unknown wall locking James in. Through Motorcycle Boy's example, he finally learns to break free from others' expectations, and his own inner demons. David Spalding <http://korova.com/film> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baby It's You (1983)321) In a 1966 New Jersey high school, Jill and new student Sheik from the other side of the tracks make their way in a first love romance. In 1966 New Jersey, Jill Rosen, a frustrated high schooler, is intrigued by an enigmatic new student known only as the Sheik. Sheik is an Italian whose primary interests are his car, Frank Sinatra, and Jill. At first she is taken aback by his forwardness, but they soon develop a relationship, much to the chagrin of their parents. Sheik gets expelled from school, and Jill is accepted at an all-girls college. After a fight, Sheik goes to Florida to work in a club lip-synching Sinatra songs. Sheik becomes dissatisfied with his Florida lifestyle and goes back to New Jersey to try to win Jill over. Philip Brubaker <coda@nando.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1966, Trenton, New Jersey, Jill Rosen, an upper middle class Jewish girl, runs into Sheik Capadilupo, an Italian-American teenager who was recently transferred to her high school after being kicked out of another. Instantly attracted to her, Sheik pursues Jill, but she rejects him when he asks her on a date. One day after school, Jill learns that she won the lead role in the school play, and finds Sheik waiting for her in the parking lot. He congratulates her on the role and convinces her to take a ride in a car borrowed from his friend, Rat. He later calls her at home, and she agrees to meet him for a date. At home, Sheik's mother presses a suit and Sheik greases his hair in preparation for the date, while his father disapproves of Sheik's fancy clothes and suspects he did something illegal to afford them. Outside Joey D's, a local bar, Jill meets Sheik in the parking lot. Inside, they join Rat and his girlfriend, Joann, who reminds Jill they used to go to school together. At the end of the date, Sheik asks Jill if she will go out with him again, but Jill complains that he didn't speak to her all night. Sheik defends himself, saying he wanted Jill to get used to him, and they kiss. The next day, Jill's friends tease her about her new boyfriend, and Sheik interrupts one of her classes to tell Jill he'll wait for her in the parking lot after school. As Jill practices for her play, Miss Vernon, the drama teacher, warns Jill that boyfriends provide distractions and encourages her to stay focused on acting. At Jill's rehearsal the next day, Sheik shows up unannounced and watches from the audience. Afterward, Jill tells Sheik that she doesn't want him to wait for her after school. Sheik throws her books on the floor and accuses Jill of acting superior. Over the next few days, Jill ignores Sheik's attempts at reconciliation. On the opening night of the school play, Sheik meets Jody, one of Jill's friends, backstage. Feeling ignored by Jill after the show, Sheik accepts Jody's flirtatious advances and they leave together. Later, he and Jody have sex in a room behind Joey D's. When Jill's parents question her about Sheik, having heard about him from Miss Vernon, Jill becomes defensive and storms away. In town, Sheik and Rat spot Jill and her friend, Beth, and force the girls into their car. Sheik demands that Jill take him seriously, and they make up. One day, he convinces her to skip school and they go to the boardwalk together. That evening, at a diner, they dance to "Strangers in the Night," a song performed by Sheik's idol, Frank Sinatra. Later, they kiss and Sheik walks home singing. The next day, Jill and Jody talk about Jill's plans to go to the school prom with Sheik, who later drops into Jill's lunch period to discuss the limousine he wants to arrange for them. Mr. McManus, a teacher who has previously caught Sheik in the cafeteria without a hall pass, orders him to leave, but Sheik refuses. McManus then attacks Sheik and expels him from school. Jill goes to Joey D's to find Sheik, but leaves after she sees him sitting with another girl. Returning home, Jill opens a letter of acceptance from Sarah Lawrence College in New York. Days later, she attends the prom with another date, but as they walk into the dance, she spots Sheik outside and he kisses her goodbye. Later, he and Rat rob a store; when the police pursue them, Rat is caught but Sheik escapes and runs to the bus station where he buys a one-way ticket to Miami, Florida. After the prom, Jill and her friends go to Joey D's, and Jill finds Jody in the bathroom, bleeding from self-inflicted cuts to her hands. Jody complains that Jill gets everything she wants, and confesses to sleeping with Sheik. In the fall, Jill attends school at Sarah Lawrence and struggles to fit in with other students. On a double date with her friend Leslie, Jill drinks too much while her date, Steve, speaks negatively about lower class people from New Jersey. Jill responds by telling stories about Rat, then vomits at the table. After she recovers, Jill calls Sheik and tells him that she plans to come to Miami, where he is now performing at a nightclub. There, Jill watches as Sheik lip-sync's to Frank Sinatra songs for an audience of senior citizens. After they have dinner at a fancy restaurant, Jill returns with Sheik to his dingy apartment and they make love for the first time. The next day, before she heads back to school, Sheik tells Jill that he loves her, and Jill only replies that she knows. Sometime later, Jill smokes marijuana with friends and makes fun of Sheik. One day, Steve shows up at her dorm and they have sex. When Sheik is replaced by a real singer at his nightclub job, he steals a car and drives to Jill's college for a visit. Arriving angry, he tears Jill's room apart, awaiting her return. Meanwhile, Jill contemplates whether she will attend a school dance that evening after Steve calls to say he cannot go. That night, Jill finds Sheik in her room and they argue. Jill tells Sheik she is not in love with him and sees no future in their relationship; however, she promises that she loves him in a different way, and convinces him to go to the dance with her. At the dance, the band plays "Strangers in the Night" by request, and Sheik and Jill dance closely, staring into each other's eyes. 
 Alive (1993)55) A Uruguayan rugby team stranded in the snow swept Andes are forced to use desperate measures to survive after a plane crash. In 1972, the Uruguayan rugby team is flying to Chile to play a game. However, the plane from the Uruguayan Air Force with 45 people crashes on the Andes Mountains and after the search party, they are considered dead. Two months after the crash, the sixteen survivors are finally rescued. Along the days, the starved survivors decide to eat flesh from the bodies of their comrades to survive. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil When a rugby team's plane to Chile crashes in the Andes Mountains,they will do anything to survive,even if that means they have to eat their loved ones who are dead as food.Nando,Reberto,and Tintin leave the plane to find the tail to work the radio.Once they brought it back,it didn't work.So they went out again but Tintin stayed back or went back.Nando and Reberto find the green vallies of Chile and finally breech the Andes and found help.The obstacles they faced were avalanches,food,shelter,and a way to get out.They acused the pilots of being drunk and it was their fault.The good thing is that they escaped. In 1972, a rugby team from South America goes to Chile to play a game. As they approach, they crash in the Andes mountains and struggle to survive. They have to go through eating their loved ones, avalanches, and finding the tail to the plane to get the transmitter since the batteries are in the tail. And they also meet this guy who has mental issues. Will they make it out alive? The amazing, true story of a Uruguayan rugby team's plane that crashed in the middle of the Andes mountains, and their immense will to survive and pull through alive, forced to do anything and everything they could to stay alive on meager rations and through the freezing cold. The only thing the team has riding on after losing so many of their good friends and family members is the slim chance of making it through alive and their faithfulness to God. davepoobond It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 