nm0004942:

 Loving (19831995)Summaries "Loving" takes place in the fictional town of Corinth, PA, centering around the lives of the wealthy Alden family. Love and betrayal, along with the struggle for power, become the focus of this long-running drama. KR <rivadenei@uhavax.hartford.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Queen of Swords (20002001)Summaries A young woman returns to her home in California after her father's mysterious death. There, she becomes a symbol, the queen of swords, fighting for justice and trying to right the wrongs the colonel has done. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Curdled (1996)Summaries After getting interested in murder as a kid in Colombia, Gabriela now has a scrapbook on murders including clippings on "The Blue Blood Killer". While cleaning his latest murder scene in Miami, she comes across a clue missed by the cops. Gabriella, a Colombian immigrant, is obsessed with understanding violent crime. The current string of murders by "The Blue Blood Killer" of affluent Miami socialites provides her with fodder for her scrapbook of death. She lands a job with a post-murder cleaning service and during a Blue-Blood clean-up job, discovers evidence that police have overlooked. Amy Searls <searls1@marshall.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Happily Ever After: Fairy Tales for Every Child (19952000)Summaries Multicultural versions of many of your favorite fairy tales. Such as "The Princess and the Pea" and "The Three Little Pigs". It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 