nm0005289:

 The Lair of the White Worm (1988)321) When an archaeologist uncovers a strange skull in a foreign land, the residents of a nearby town begin to disappear, leading to further inexplicable occurrences. Scottish archaeologist Angus Flint discovers an odd skull amid the ruins of a convent that he is excavating. Shortly thereafter, Lady Sylvia Marsh returns to Temple House, a nearby mansion, far earlier than expected. At a party in the village, Angus meets Lord James D'Ampton, who has just inherited his family's land right next to Temple House. Angus learns of the D'Ampton Worm, a huge dragon-snake that an earlier D'Ampton killed by cutting it in half. (A catchy rock-folk song that tells the D'Ampton Worm legend.) As people begin acting strangely and disappearing over the next few days, the skull is stolen from Angus's room, and a missing person's watch is found in a cavern that was the legendary home of the D'Ampton worm. Angus and James discover that an ancient cult worshiped the worm as a god, and they theorize that the creature somehow survived its destruction, but was trapped inside the cavern. The rest of the film shows Angus, James, and Mary Trent attempting to stop Lady Marsh from freeing the creature.. Alik Widge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Angus Flint [Peter Calfoldi] is an archeologist come to dig at the Bed & Breakfast inn run by the Trent sisters, Mary [Sammi Davis] and Eve [Catherine Oxenberg. Flint discovers some Roman coins and a strange skull, and he learns the local legend of how the D'Ampton family slew the white "worm", actually a snake or dragon. Legend also has it that the lair of the white worm is in Stonerigg Cavern, where the watch of the Trent sisters' father shows up a year after both he and wife disappeared near the Temple Mansion. When Lady Sylvia Marsh [Amanda Donohue] moves into the Mansion, people begin to disappear. Agnus, Mary, Eve, and their friend Lord James d'Ampton [Hugh Grant] search the canyon; Sylvia abducts Eve and prepares to sacrifice her to the worm, whom she calls the God Dionin. Angus and Mary save Eve and sacrifice Lady Sylvia instead. Unfortunately, Angus was bitten by Sylvia and the antidote he took turns out to be for arthritis. 
 The Miracle of the Cards (2001 TV Movie)Summaries "The Miracle of the Cards" is based on the true story of Marion Shergold and her son, Craig, an eight-year-old English boy who had a brain tumor. Several events convinced Marion that God was leading her to a cure for Craig and that the get-well cards he was receiving had the power to keep him alive, so she launched a worldwide campaign to break the Guinness record for receiving the most get-well cards. At the time, the world record seemed an impossible 1,000,265, but Craig received over 350 million cards from all over the world. Against the advice of her doctors, Marion followed one of those cards to America for Craig's miraculous cure. Robert Woods It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Omega Code (1999)Summaries A rabbi in Jerusalem develops software that can unlock prophecies in the Torah. He's murdered and the software stolen. A powerful man uses it to gain world domination. Ancient codes hidden within the Torah reveal the secrets of global events, past (i.e., Hitler, the Kennedy assassination, the Gulf War), present, and future. One man (York) is after the Code, seeking the power to change the world as we know it... for the worse. Another (Van Dien) seeks the truth, risking his life and everything he stands for in order to stop him. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dynasty (19811989)Summaries The trials and tribulations of two feuding families, the Carringtons and the Colbys, both oil rich families in Denver, Colorado. The saga of a wealthy Denver family in the oil business: Blake Carrington, the patriarch; Krystle, his former secretary and wife; his children: Adam, lost in childhood after a kidnapping; Fallon, pampered and spoiled; Steven, openly gay; and Amanda, hidden from him by his ex-wife, the conniving Alexis. Phil Fernando It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 