nm0007895:

 Bowling Balls (2004 Video)Summaries A horror-comedy in which J and Shaggy are in-keepers of a bed and breakfast who murder their guests and keep their severed heads. Bowling Balls follows the story of two girls who break down out in the middle of "what you would call nothingness" during a road trip to Daytona. But almost as if it were too good to be true, a "localer" and "propateer" of a bed and breakfast in town, Mr. Violent J, comes to the rescue. Rather than sit in an old broken down truck in the middle of nowhere while they wait for their friends to come pick them up, they decide to go with J. About 10 seconds in the door is when the bloody mayhem ensues as Shaggy, J's retarded hunchback brother, comes in out of left field and lops one of the girl's head off. Meanwhile, their friends--a snooty Asian girl, a pothead jock and a preppy black guy--are on their way to the bed and breakfast to pick them up. Totally unaware of what is about to happen to them. Soon hatchets will be lodged into foreheads, heads will be accidentally chopped off with scythes and a particularly hilarious scene follows where Shaggy ruthlessly severs a head for a good 2 or 3 minutes. All the while going back and forth from comedic horror show to upbeat and bloody music video. Riki It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Chronicles of the Dark Carnival (2006 TV Movie)Summaries An anthology of horror and fantasy stories inspired by the music of Insane Clown Posse. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Juggalo Championshxt Wrestling Volume 1 (2000 Video)Summaries The Insane Clown Posse get the chance to run their own promotion: and see the results. Thrill as King Kong Bundy takes on someone at least 300 pounds lighter than him. Chill as "undead" wrestler Evil Dead goes on a quest to be JCW Champion, and recoil in horror at the thumb tack titty match. The main event sees ICP go up against Doink the Clown and his partner... Doink the Clown! ICP also provide humourous commentary for the whole event. Luke Bannon It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Big Money Hustlas (2000 Video)Summaries It's New York City, and the crime lord Big Baby Sweets has got NYC around his finger. The NYPD is helpless so the Chief sends out for Sugar Bear, a 70s, Dolemite worshiping, rhyming supercop from San Fransisco to stop Big Baby, his Magic Ninjas, Hack Benjamin (Jumpsteady, and his 2 sidekicks, Big Stank and Lil' Poot, with the help of Officer Harry Cox. Miz Juggalette It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 