nm0005475:

 Gilmore Girls (20002007)Summaries A dramedy centering around the relationship between a thirtysomething single mother and her teen daughter living in Stars Hollow, Connecticut. Thirty-two year old single mom, Lorelai, lives with her teenage daughter Rory in the small town of Stars Hollow, Connecticut, with crazy neighbors and many ups and downs. Lorelai Gilmore, 32, has such a close relationship with her daughter Rory that they are often mistaken for sisters. Between Lorelai's relationship with her parents, Rory's new prep school, and both of their romantic entanglements, there's plenty of drama to go around. lcheala@imdb.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Proof (2015)44) A doctor who knows more than she lets on about what happens after you die. Following the death of her teenage son, a divorce, and a rift with her daughter, Dr. Carolyn Tyler is persuaded by Ivan Turing, a tech inventor and billionaire with cancer, to investigate supernatural cases of reincarnation, near-death experiences, and haunting, in hopes to find evidence that death is not final. Soumik Ghosh In the series, Beals plays Dr. Carolyn Tyler, who has suffered the recent, devastating loss of her teenage son, the breakup of her marriage to Dr. Len Barliss (Sutcliffe) and a growing estrangement from her daughter (Thurman). Carolyn is persuaded by Ivan Turing (Modine), a cancer-stricken tech inventor and billionaire, to investigate cases of reincarnation, near-death experiences, hauntings and other phenomena, all of it in the search for evidence that death is not the end. It's both a journey of exploration toward finding an answer to a question many people have asked and a deeply personal and emotional journey for Carolyn, who hopes to find answers in the wake of her son's death. Assisting Carolyn on her task are Dr. Zedan "Zed" Badawi (Gathegi), a young intern from Africa, and Janel Ramsey (Kaplan), Turing's brilliant young protg. Together they will explore one of life's most profound mysteries, crossing paths along the way with Peter Van Owen (Blue), a bestselling author who claims to be psychic. Constantly trying to control the maverick Carolyn is her intimidating boss, Dr. Charles Richmond (Morton), head of the hospital. TNT Dr. Carolyn Tyler is known as being the best in her field, she a surgeon at Bay Vista Hospital in Seattle. She is also unrelenting in being the best in not putting up with anything she considers below her standards. It is exactly because of these characteristics that eccentric tech mogul Ivan Turing asks her to lead a secret research project to discover scientific and thus definitive proof if there is life after death. Ivan's ulterior motive is that he has terminal cancer, something which most in his circle are unaware. Beyond the philanthropic incentives Ivan provides, Carolyn, despite the on the surface mismatch between her own scientific bent and what she considers the quackery of the metaphysical aspects of life after death, agrees, in part because of the remote possibility of finding out what has happened to her son, Will Barliss, after his recent passing, and feelings toward her own near death experiences. She is assisted on this project by Dr. Zed Badawi, an African intern at Bay Vista who is going through his own personal issues in being in the States, and Ivan's young assistant, Janel Ramsey. Carolyn also has to reconcile the work on this project with the current goings-on in her personal life, which includes being separated from her husband, Dr. Len Barliss, a pediatric surgeon at Bay Vista. Their separation is due to his infidelity, and is despite the fact that they still have deep feelings for each other, and need to co-parent their teenaged daughter, Sophie Barliss. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Happy Endings (2005)44) Happy Endings weaves multiple stories to create a witty look at love, family and the sheer unpredictability of life itself. Three stories of Angelenos linked linearly by people associated with each are told. In story one, Mamie works as a psychologist at an abortion clinic, she, in addition to providing counseling, assessing mental fitness and thus approving or declining the request by potential patients for the procedure. This job is somewhat ironic as she purportedly aborted a pregnancy when she was seventeen, nineteen years ago. Her stepfather urged her to go through with the pregnancy and give the baby up for adoption, he, now dead, the only person in her personal life who knew that she went through with it. She is approached by Nicky, an aspiring filmmaker, who has proof of her son's identity, said son who threw such information away in no longer wanting to contact her. As his application for a scholarship to the AFI, Nicky wants to make a film on Mamie "discovering" her son. Not wanting to have her story splashed across a movie screen, especially as the biological father is still in her life and doesn't know, while wanting to know the identity of her son which Nicky won't divulge unless she agrees to the documentary, Mamie enlists the help of her masseuse boyfriend, Mexican immigrant Javier, to throw Nicky off the track of her plan of stealing the information from him while helping him with his AFI scholarship submission. Mamie, Nicky and Javier's lives may take a turn as documentaries often take on a life of their own. In story two, Charley, Mamie's stepbrother, who is the biological father of Mamie's child from a very brief sexual relationship they had after her mother and his father married, has grown up to realize his homosexual orientation. Managing the last existing of the chain restaurants he and Mamie inherited from their father, Charley is in a long term relationship with Gil, an architect. They are best friends with Gil's friend from high school, Pam, and her current partner, Diane. Pam and Diane had once asked Gil to be the sperm donor to artificially inseminate Pam, but ultimately they decided to use sperm from a bank instead that resulted in their now two year old son, Max. Sharing his belief with Gil but not the extent to which he is going, Charley is convinced that Pam and Diane did end up using Gil's sperm to father Max without telling them, he going on a quest to discover proof. And in story three, twenty-two year Otis has worked at Charley's restaurant for two years. He also plays in a band. Not the best drummer or backup vocalist, Otis' band-mates keep him in the band as his wealthy father, Frank, provides the band with many of their toys, he spreading his money easily to those in his life. Still in the closet in fearing Frank's disapproval, inexperienced Otis secretly has a crush on Charley. Needing a temporary vocalist, the band ends up hiring Jude, who Otis met performing karaoke at the restaurant. Opportunistic Jude knows the situation into which she is walking, she using Otis' naivet to get to Frank and his money. Huggo An ensemble cast telling 10 stories with intertwining characters. One story is about a father and son who are dating the same woman . Another features a woman who long ago gave her baby up for adoption but is now being blackmailed by a documentary filmmaker who claims to know the now-grown child's whereabouts. Anonymous Mamie Toll is an abortion clinic counselor with a massage therapist lover, Javier, and a secret: when she was younger, she and her gay stepbrother, Charley Peppitone, had a child she gave up for adoption. One day, Nicky Kunitz, a sleazy filmmaker, shows up and plans to blackmail her with information on her child's whereabouts so that he can film the reunion and use it to get into the AFI. Charley now runs his father's restaurant with his lover, Gil, and suspects that their lesbian friends, Pam and Diane, lied about using Gil's sperm to create a child so that they wouldn't have to share him with them. Jude has been kicked out of her cousin's house and is now living with the latent Otis, who lives with his widower father, Frank McKee, who has become infatuated with Jude. What Jude didn't count on was actually falling in love with Frank. In the end, will anyone have a happy ending? Will It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cracked (20132014)44) Follows teams of cops and psychiatric professionals who make up the Psych Crimes and Crisis unit. After an embarrassing and public breakdown, Detective Aidan Black (David Sutcliffe) is reassigned from his beloved SWAT team to the newly created Psych Crimes and Crisis Unit. There, he's dismayed to find his partner is not another cop, but forensic psychiatrist, Dr. Daniella Ridley (Stefanie von Pfetten). The unit also includes Detective Poppy Wisnefski (Luisa d'Oliveira) and psychiatric nurse Leo Beckett (Dayo Ade), with Inspector Diane Caligra (Karen LeBlanc) keeping a close watch over the unique partnerships. Passionate and opposing viewpoints are an inherent part of the job in Psych Crimes, and the answers the teams seek never come easy. Aidan's deep insight and investigative skills combine brilliantly with Daniella's keen ability to decipher human behaviour. Learning to work cohesively, the Psych Crimes and Crisis Unit investigates city's most troubling and psychologically complex crimes. Whether or not the unit is still around in a few months... is completely up to them. Anonymous Psych Crimes and Crises is a Toronto Police Department unit overseen by Inspector Diane Caligra, and created by her and psychiatrist Dr. Daniella Ridley. The unit is to investigate cases that have a prevalent mental health component, and is comprised of police detectives and mental health professionals like Daniella, who is the unit's lead in that capacity. Among the former is Detective Aidan Black, a long term police detective who Caligra considers one of her best. However Aidan being part of the unit is not an obvious fit. Caligra gave him this assignment following one in SWAT, as she feels he may be going through some emotional trauma of his own based on a few on the job incidents. So Daniella may be doing double duty in working their official cases, while also watching over Aidan's mental state. And Aidan has to concern himself with Daniella being involved with police maneuvers with which she has no experience or training, both for the safety of the people involved as well as her own. Huggo Detective Aidan Black (David Sutcliffe) and the Psych Crimes team are assigned a new unit psychiatrist, Dr. Clara Malone (Brooke Nevin). Together with Detective Poppy Wisnefski (Luisa D'Oliveira) and psychiatric nurse Leo Beckett (Dayo Ade), they are tasked with solving the most puzzling and problematic cases the city has to offer. Under the leadership of Inspector Diane Caligra (Karen LeBlanc), the Psych Crimes unit navigates the mental health issues suffered by people whose lives are impacted by crime, be they witness, victim or perpetrator. Aidan and Clara are both accustomed to operating outside the normal perimeters of their respective professions, and need to learn to trust each other in order to succeed in the face of overwhelming adversity. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 