nm0009646:

 The Return of Superfly (1990)Summaries In this action-packed sequel, a retired drug dealer living in Paris discovers his old partner has been killed and returns to NY to avenge his murder. This is a sequel to Super Fly (1972). In it, Nathan Purdee is now playing the role of Priest, who was played by Ron O'Neal in the previous movie. In it, Eddie, Priest's old partner, was killed. Now Priest, who has been living in France, and who is no longer a drug dealer, visits, and he sets out to find the ones who killed Eddie, and to get them. <rcs0411@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Seven Mummies (2006)Summaries Six escaped convicts and their female hostage make a desperate run for the Mexican border, where they stumble across a lost treasure of untold wealth, and find certain death instead on the Arizona desert. While being transported through the Arizona desert in a van, six convicted prisoners escapes after a car accident. Their leader kills the security guard and they kidnap a female guard trying to reach the Mexican border. In their runaway, they find a gold medallion and later they reach the house of an old Apache, and they ask the direction to reach Mexico. The Apache tells them that in the opposite direction there is a hidden Spanish treasure. They decide to seek the gold and they stumble in an old ghost town, where the friendly population is formed by vampires and zombies and the local sheriff Drake is evil. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Misfit group of convicts find a fabled treasure and horrific death when they uncover the secret of the lost gold of the Tumacacori. For over one hundred years the Spanish Conquistadors tore raw gold from the heart of the Guachapa Mountains, where they enslaved ten thousand native Hohokam Indians and twenty-five hundred labor laden burros, creating a line of man and beast that snaked for more than two hundred miles across the Southwest desert to a secret place of hiding. Seven Jesuit priests vowed to protect the precious gold until the Spanish came to remove the treasure and take the wealth to another place. But the Spanish never returned, and as the priests aged and died, they were mummified and placed in pine coffins with the treasure to protect it for all eternity. For over four hundred years no one came to this place. Until the great migration West, when new untamed settlers opened up the rugged frontier, and a small town was built over the ancient treasure site, where the men mined and looked for riches. And when they uncovered the Spanish treasure, they awoke the seven Jesuit priests from their sleep, and the seven mummies sought revenge for those that had disturbed the gold. They killed the entire people of the town and placed them into a state of purgatory, the walking dead now cursed to protect the treasure of the Tumacacori..... And now, another one hundred years later, six misfit convicts try to escape across the sun scorched desert to Mexico in search of freedom, but find a gold medallion covered with unknown symbols and an Apache holy man who tells them of the lost Spanish wealth. More gold than ten men can spend in ten life times together. As the group stumbles into the old frontier town at dusk to seek their fortune at taking the gold, they are forced to confront the town's wicked sheriff, Drake, and his two deadly deputies, who will stop at nothing to keep the convicts from finding the lost treasure of the Tumacacori and discovering the secret of the seven mummies. Thadd Turner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Marked for Death (1990)321) A retired DEA agent is out to hunt down and take out a Jamaican drug posse that has targeted he and his family for murder. Chicago DEA agent John Hatcher has just returned from Colombia, where his partner was killed in the line of duty by a drug dealer who has since been taken down. As a result of his partner's death, John has decided to retire, but his retirement may not be permanent. On the next day, after reuniting with his sister Melissa and Melissa's daughter Tracy, John gets into a shootout against a Jamaican drug kingpin known as Screwface, taking down some of Screwface's men. John brings himself out of retirement when Screwface retaliates by attempting to kill Melissa and Tracy. After the shooting, John is reunited with two old friends - a local high school football coach named Max, and a Jamaican Chicago cop named Charles. John and Max set out to hunt Screwface down, only to discover that Screwface has gone back to Jamaica. John and Max take Charles with them to Jamaica for an all out war against Screwface and his drug empire. Todd Baldridge <sandib@eastky.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Colombia, DEA agent John Hatcher (Steven Seagal) drives to a meet with drug dealers. He plans to bust them for trafficking cocaine and has sent his partner Chico (Richard Delmonte) ahead to work out some of the details. They soon find themselves chasing one of the thugs (Danny Trejo) and catch him. Hatcher uses martial arts to take the guy down. When the thug won't tell him anything, he tapes his mouth shut and stuffs him in the trunk of their car. Hatcher meets with his contact in a sleazy stripper bar. He and Chico approach the back room of another contact, however one of the strippers opens fire on them, hitting Chico in the chest. Hatcher opens fire on her room, killing her and is horrified that he killed a woman. Hatcher returns to his home base of Chicago and visits a priest, confessing that he's dealt drugs, slept with female informants and that he shot the woman in what he thinks was cold blood. The priest tells him to take some time out and visit his family. John goes a step further, announcing to his commanding officer that he's going to retire. One night, John and his friend Max (David), a local high school football team's head coach, go to a bar. A gun fight breaks out between local drug dealers and a Jamaican gang called the Jamaican Posse, whose leader is a drug kingpin known as Screwface (Basil Wallace). Hatcher arrests one of Screwface's henchmen as the gunfight ends. Hatcher disappears from the scene before his CO shows up. The local detective on the scene thinks Hatcher was involved even though he'd fled. Nearby is a chalked voodoo symbol found by a professor named Leslie, who, along with Jamaican police investigator Charles (Tom Wright), determines that the symbol is Screwface's mark. The next day, Screwface and some of his henchmen get revenge by shooting up the house that John, his sister Melissa (Gracen), and Melissa's 12-year-old daughter Tracey (Harris) live in. Tracey gets shot and is hospitalized in critical condition. Hatcher encounters a gangster named Jimmy Fingers (DiBenedetto) and unsuccessfully tries to get him to tell him where Screwface might be and is forced to kill him. Another Jamaican named Nesta (Evans) arrives and Hatcher is able to sit him down but Nesta tells him to go after Screwface alone and jumps out the window to his death. When asked what happened, John finds the blood symbol used by the Posse during the murders vandalized on a carpet the next day and gets information about it from a Jamaican voodoo and gang expert named Leslie (Pacula) who works part time as a detective. Hatcher comes out of retirement to join Max in a battle against Screwface. While John is in the detective's store, Melissa makes a phone call to him but is cut short when Screwface and his men invade into Hatcher's home and attempts to murder Melissa but they leave upon Hatcher's arrival. The next day, Hatcher and Max get into a fight with three of Screwface's henchmen during a car chase. The fight moves on to a mall after the henchmen's car crashes and the duo kill all three men there. At the house of Leslie, Hatcher now realizes that the only way to stop the Jamaican Posse is to bring down Screwface. The two team up with Charles (Wright), a Jamaican Chicago police officer who has been trailing Screwface for five years (since 1985). They gather all the weaponry they need from a local weapon dealer; machine guns, submachine guns, pistols, Suppressors (silencers), remote control bombs and head for Kingston, Jamaica to find Screwface. Upon their arrival, Max and Charles ask everyone in the streets for the location of Screwface's hideout. They meet a local Jamaican who presents them a photo of a woman who knows Screwface. Hatcher meets her in a club and she gives the address of Screwface's mansion. The woman also gives Seagal's character a cryptic clue about Screwface, stating that "The secret of ScrewFace' power is that him have (sic) two heads and four eyes." At night, Hatcher, Max and Charles (disguised as a Posse) head for Screwface's mansion where there is a party. They secretly infiltrate the premises through a plantation area nearby. Hatcher guns down three of the henchmen at the balcony and goes to a nearby power station and plants a bomb. He infiltrates the inner grounds by climbing on the roofs while Max and Charles monitor the activities. Hatcher detonates the bomb causing the party to erupt in mayhem and gunfire. Hatcher enters the building and disposes every henchmen. He finds a sacrificial area and is captured by Screwface and his remaining henchmen. Hatcher is able to break free and kills every henchmen before fighting Screwface. During the swordfight, he kicks dust to Screwface and puts the sword to Screwface's genitals and decapitates him. Back in Chicago, Hatcher displays Screwface's severed head to the Jamaican Posse to get them to leave town. However, Screwface's identical twin brother, who runs the Chicago Posse crime business arrives and kills Charles making the gang and the audience believe that Screwface returned from the dead where in fact he actually committed all the Screwface crimes in Chicago, such as trying to murder Hatcher and his sister. The meeting erupts into chaos and the gang open fire on the duo. While Max holds off the henchmen in the gunfight, Hatcher kills more gang members before dealing with Screwface's brother in a swordfight. The fight moves to the nightclub where Hatcher kills Screwface's brother by gouging his eyes and blinding him, breaking his back and dropping him down an elevator shaft, in which he gets impaled upon landing. The gang looks at their dead boss and with both the Screwface's dead are presumed to be arrested at the film's ending. The final scene shows Hatcher carrying Charles' body with Max limping next to him who was shot in the leg before the film ends with Jimmy Cliff's John Crow in the credits. 
 Crazy/Beautiful (2001)Summaries At Pacific Palisades High, a poor Latino falls hard for a troubled girl from an affluent neighborhood. Jay Hernandez stars as Carlos Nunez, a poor but athletically gifted Latino teenager who endures a two-hour bus ride every day from East L.A. to attend the posh, wealthy Pacific Palisades High School in Los Angeles on a football scholarship. A straight-A student, Carlos is focused and driven, but his future is cast in doubt when he becomes the flirtation target of spoiled, self-destructive bad girl Nicole Oakley (Kirsten Dunst), who's the daughter of a prominent congressman (Bruce Davison). When his friends, family, and even Nicole's own father oppose the romance for Carlos' sake, he chooses to ignore their advice and stubbornly pursues his relationship with Nicole, whose feelings grow from simple physical attraction to something much deeper. When fate brings together two high school seniors from opposite sides of the tracks, it's something crazy/beautiful. Nicole (Kirsten Dunst) is the 17-year-old troubled daughter of a wealthy congressman who never met a rule she didn't break. Carlos (Jay Hernandez) is a grade A student with big dreams who endures a two-hour bus ride every morning to attend high school in an upscale L.A. neighborhood. Their innocent flirtations quickly develop into passionate love, but Nicole's self-destructive behavior threatens their relationship and puts Carlos' promising future in jeopardy. Will their intense passion keep them together despite the objections of their families or will Carlos be forced to plan his future without Nicole? Gavin Nelson Magnum It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 