nm0009147:

 Emma: Queen of the South Seas (1988)Summaries This film is based on the story of Emma Eliza Coe, who in the second half of the nineteenth century she was known as the "Queen of the South Seas". Being the daughter of Samoan princess and Jonas Coe, the first American consul in Samoa, she inherited a large fortune. She maintained intimate relationships with key personalities Europe and America. Despite the "wild" character she could to win over people, showing great talent and practical skills. The story of Emma takes place in the wild and primitive New Guinea, in San Francisco in 1860, in the White House, in the palace of the Emperor Wilhelm in Berlin and in the luxurious Monte Carlo. Fascinating adventure, wild passions, lust for power, political intrigues, but also love. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Edge of Power (1987)Summaries When a journalist fabricates a story that a prominent right-wing Australian politician is a Nazi sympathizer and this hurts the government, a revenge plot to use the journalist as patsy in a political assassination is conceived. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Miraculous Mellops (19911992)Summaries The Miraculous Mellops concerns the Mellop family. Father Bill Mellop runs a nursery, aided by his children - Samantha, Michael, Jason and his sister Jocelyn. After the recent death of their mother, Jocelyn acts as housekeeper. On the moon, the moonlings are all intelligent children and all answer to the Grand Baby, the ruler of them all. But the Grand Baby is dying, so a shooting star is set to Earth to call upon the next Grand Baby. The shooting star lands in a family home causing various pieces of household items to inherit super powers. Two moonlings come to earth to help the kids put all items together and discover who the next Grand Baby is. The only thing standing in there way is a pesky interfering neighbour with the surname Dump. Liam Smith <ldsmith@ozemail.com.au> The Miraculous Mellops concerns the Mellop family. Father Bill Mellop runs a nursery, aided by his children - Samantha, Michael, Jason and his sister Jocelyn. After the recent death of their mother, Jocelyn acts as housekeeper. A strange star arrives from space and confers uncanny powers on the children and their surroundings. The visitors from outer space complicate the struggle the Mellops already have on their hands with neighbour Bernie Dump, who wants to take over the land which houses the nursery. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Silver City (1984)Summaries After World War II, 4,000 Polish families came to Australia. They were Jews, Fascists, anti-Communists, and others dispossessed. In a large hostel, where even married men and women were housed in separate barracks, the adults lived for two years while they worked off the government's payment of their passage. Even though he is married to Anna and has a son, Julian falls in love with Nina and she with him. As they and others face the new situations and prejudices that await immigrants and as they take on aspects of Australian culture, old-country values reassert themselves. Julian decides what to do about love and family, and Nina must find a way to move on. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 