nm0007993:

 Monkey Man (2011)Summaries The story of a tree trimmer who makes satirical comedy shows in his off time. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Hughleys (19982002)Summaries Darryl Hughley is a successful businessman who seems to have achieved the American dream. Darryl Hughley, who owns his own vending machine business, moving out of from South Central to West Hills, a predominately white neighborhood within the San Fernando Valley. Darryl and his family try to adjust to living in an all-white area, at the same time trying to not forget who they are and where they came from. Darryl and Yvonne befriend their new neighbors Sally and Dave who are literally the polar opposite of Darryl. The story has many racial themes to it but are usually comedic as Darryl makes fun of other races, especially his white and Korean neighbors. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Antelope Chess Game (1995)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 General Hospital (1963 )44) Families, friends, enemies, and lovers experience life-changing events in the large upstate city of Port Charles, New York, which has a busy hospital, upscale hotel, cozy diner, and dangerous waterfront frequented by the criminal underworld. Events in this daytime drama are centered in Port Charles, a community on the coast in upper New York. On-going plots are centered around the people who work in General Hospital, people who work in the business community (most notably for the Quartermaines' company E.L.Q.), and some sort of international intrigue involving former Agents of the W.S.B. (World Security Bureau). Big plots of the past include Luke (Anthony Geary) and Laura's (Genie Francis') wedding and Mikkos Cassadine's (John Colicos') evil weather machine. Ed Sutton <esutton@mindspring.com> Skye Quartermaine (Robin Christopher) headlines a show about the residents of Port Charles, New York. Once a show about the drama inside a city hospital, General Hospital has evolved into a show where the hospital has been nearly phased out. Stories focus on the upper-crust Quartermaines, led by Skye Quartermaine, her brothers A.J. (Billy Warlock) and Jason (Steve Burton), father Alan (Stuart Damon), stepmother Monica (Leslie Charleson), and grandparents Edward (John Ingle) and Lila (Anna Lee). Other stories involve mob boss Michael "Sonny" Corinthos (Maurice Bernard), his wife Carly (Laura Wright), and one-time girlfriend Brenda (Vanessa Marcil). Matthew Callahan The General Hospital of today centers on Kelly's Diner, Michael "Sonny" Corinthos' (Maurice Bernard's) penthouse, the Quartermaine house, and sometimes the hospital. Once a show based around the hospital and its employees, it is now centered on the mob. Maurice Bernard headlines the show about some of the residents of the fictitious town of Port Charles, New York. Stories focus on Sonny and how his life affects the people around him, mainly his wife Carly (Laura Wright), his main hit man and best friend Jason Morgan (Steve Burton) (formally Quartermaine) and Sonny's recently acquired twenty-one-year-old sister Courtney (Alicia Leigh Willis). Other story lines that may be featured will focus on the quirky Quartermaines, which include Skye (Robin Christopher), A.J. (Billy Warlock), Ned (Wally Kurth), Edward (John Ingle), and Emily (Natalia Livingston). Promising story lines on the show at the moment are the stories of Elizabeth Webber (Rebecca Herbst) and Richard "Ric" Lansing (Rick Hearst) and the current teen story line. Mickey It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 