nm0008127:

 Al-Lokanda (2020 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Gareema Fi Al Maadi (The Play That Goes Wrong) (2018)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Umbrella and 4 Chairs (2021 TV Special)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Girl's Love (2003)Summaries Three sisters, all of them from different mother, but one father , when the father dies leaving them with a great legacy but not be implemented unless the three met in one house. The story of three half sisters who share a dad and have three different mothers: they meet each other for the very first time after the death of their father to discover they all have emotional problems. The eldest sister Nada is a very touchy and passionate girl who is almost an introvert. She always feels longing for the right man who would maker her life happy and sound. As for the second sister, Ghada, she has had a very tough life as child. Living with her mom alone in Alexandria, she was raised to hate all male sex because of her father's bad habits. The baby-sister Ro'aya, on the other hand, is brought up in England in a very practical way. She works as university professor. When the three of them unite, they face various kinds of problems. While the eldest is very kind and passionate, the little ones are either too manly, Ghada, or too westernized, Ro'aya. After their father's death, they had to live together in the same house for one whole year at least in order to be able to inherit him, and here was when troubles began. They all visit the very same psychiatrist to find a way out of their mixed emotions. The doctor in his turn discovers all they lack was real love and family bond. Eventually, the sisters grow to love each other; especially after each has found her dreams lover. Ahmed Rahmy It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 