nm0005550:

 Quest for Camelot (1998)431) An adventurous girl, a young blind hermit, and a goofy two-headed dragon race to find the lost sword Excalibur to save King Arthur and Camelot from disaster. During the times of King Arthur, the story of an adventurous brave girl, named Kayley, whose father, a Knight of the Round Table, is killed by Sir Ruber, a maniacal brute who steals Excalibur and ultimately threatens to seize King Arthur's Camelot. Kayley enlists the blind, reclusive knight-aspirant Garrett and a goofy two headed dragon to brave the Enchanted Forest and retrieve the magic sword. Their adventure is also, of course, fraught with danger. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} In the days of King Arthur's Camelot, a renegade knight Ruber plots to usurp the throne by turning his henchmen into formidable monsters, forcing the widow of a Round Table knight he killed, using her privileged access to get to the King's castle and, most importantly, stealing King Arthur's symbol of power, the magical sword, Excalibur. When he kidnaps the widow, her young rambunctious daughter, Kayley, who dreams the seemingly impossible dream of becoming a Knight, escapes to both warn the King and try to recover Excalibur. Along the way, she meets up with a young blind hermit, a goofy two headed dragon and a mysterious silver winged falcon and together, they endeavor to find the sword to save the kingdom to total destruction. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 5th-century British knight Sir Lionel (Gabriel Byrne) tells the origin-story of King Arthur (Pierce Brosnan/Steve Perry) to his only child, protagonist Kayley (Jessalyn Gilg/Andrea Corr). Soon afterward, he is summoned to a meeting of the Round Table ('United We Stand'), where Arthur proposes to divide their new territories among its members. The rebellious Sir Ruber (Gary Oldman) demands a larger share than his comrades; and when Lionel defies him, threatens Arthur. Ruber is driven off by Arthur, wielding Excalibur, but kills Lionel and escapes, with a vow of revenge. Following Lionel's funeral, Kayley trains herself in chivalry, over the next ten years ('On my Father's Wings'). Another meeting of the Round Table is interrupted by Ruber's griffin (Bronson Pinchot), who steals Excalibur, but loses it immediately, when attacked by Ayden Silverwings: a falcon summoned by Merlin (Sir John Gielgud). Excalibur falls into the Forbidden Forest: a realm of ferocious mutants, neither plant nor animal but some combination of the two. Meanwhile, Ruber invades Lionel's estate, where he captures Kayley's mother Lady Juliana (Jane Seymour/Celine Dion) to use as a decoy, and uses a magic liquid to change his minions into monstrous, invincible automata ('Ruber'). When the Griffin reports the loss of Excalibur, Kayley enters the Forest to retrieve it ('Forbidden Forest'), with Ruber and his minions in pursuit. Kayley is nearly captured, but rescued by Garrett (Cary Elwes/Bryan White): a former stableboy at Camelot, sometime a squire of Lionel's, and an adept fighter in spite of his blindness (incurred in an accident), who lives a recluse's life in the Forest, under the protection of Ayden. In spite of Garrett's reluctance ('I Stand Alone'), Kayley accompanies him and Ayden in search of Excalibur. Further along, the three enter a volcanic-like 'Dragon Country', where they are attacked by several dragons and nearly cornered by Ruber and the Griffin ('Dragon Attack'), but escape in the company of Devon & Cornwall (Eric Idle & Don Rickles): a comic duo of conjoined twin dragons. In hiding, Devon & Cornwall explain, they are despised and bullied by other dragons for their inability to fly and breathe fire, and each blames the other ('If I didn't have you'). Rather than be punished for assisting outsiders, Devon and Cornwall accompany Kayley and Garrett on the rest of their journey. At camp that night, Garrett relates his past to Kayley. The next day, they find Excalibur's baldric, but discover the sword itself to have been taken by some much larger creature. They are attacked again by Ruber and his minions, and Garrett is wounded. Kayley heals him with some local plants, and they fall in love ('Looking through your Eyes'). Soon afterward, they reach the lair of a gigantic, stony-skinned Ogre, from whom they recover Excalibur, and escape Ruber and his minions a third time. With that done, Kayley prepares to enter Camelot; but Garrett, believing himself still a misfit, refuses to go with her ('I Stand Alone' reprise). On the road to Camelot, Kayley is captured, and Ruber seizes Excalibur. Devon & Cornwall recover Garrett, and in the process become capable of flight, which Garrett guesses to be a result of their newfound unity of purpose. With Lady Juliana as decoy, Ruber and his minions bluff their way into Camelot, where the minions fight the guards ('The Battle'), while Ruber confronts Arthur. Kayley is nearly killed by two of Ruber's men, but rescued by Garrett, Devon, & Cornwall. Garrett and Kayley follow a secret passage into the keep to rescue Arthur, while Devon and Cornwall destroy the Griffin. Juliana joins the defenders, herself guarded by Bladebeak (Jaleel White): a rooster from her farm, transformed by Ruber but siding with Juliana. At the Round Table itself, Kayley and Garrett trick Ruber into returning Excalibur to the stone from which Arthur originally drew it, and thus destroying himself and his minions. Devon & Cornwall are 'offered' a chance to separate into two, but decline it. With Ruber dead, Arthur recovers Excalibur, and knights both Garrett and Kayley, at a grand ceremony attended by all the surviving characters. They then ride away together, which concludes the film. 
 The Boy Who Had Everything (1985)Summaries In '60's-era Australia, a college freshman must navigate freshman hazing, a distant mother, and a shaky relationship with his girlfriend. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Bold and the Beautiful (1987 )Summaries The saga of high fashion glamour, honor, romance, passion, and most importantly, family. The saga of the rich Forresters and the poor Logans is told against the backdrop of the fashion world in Los Angeles. Forrester Creations is the premiere fashion house in the city, thanks to the designing brilliance of Eric Forrester and the money and social grace of his wife, Stephanie Forrester. The ups and downs of their on-again, off-again marriage parallel the stormy lives of all their children, who have shared lovers and spouses with one another and even with their own father. Ridge Forrester is the arrogant oldest son (whose paternity will eventually be called into question); Thorne, the oft-neglected younger son; Kristen, the sweet but sexually-frigid older daughter; Felicia, the wild child. At the center of many of these storms is the Logan family. Beth Logan, the matriarch, has always carried a torch for Eric. Her three daughters include Brooke, the willful and sexually promiscuous oldest; Donna, the ditsy model; and Katie, who has always felt overshadowed by her more beautiful older sisters. Into the lives of these two families comes the brazen Sally Spectra of Spectra Fashions, a knock-off house that has frequently stolen from Forrester; Taylor Hayes, the beautiful but emotionally-troubled psychiatrist; Sheila Carter, a devious and homicidal nurse; the Marone family, with closer ties to the Forresters than anyone would have dreamed; and many others. Death, divorce, alcoholism, duplicity, betrayal and adultery are the everyday concerns, while murder, attempted murder, rape, impersonations and returns from the dead are the bizarre shocks that happen with dreadful regularity. J. Spurlin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Traveller (1997)431) A man joins a group of nomadic con artists in rural North Carolina. A young man, Pat, visits the clan of gypsy-like grifters in rural North Carolina who belong to the nomadic ethnic group known as Irish Travellers and from whom he is descended. Pat is at first rejected but cousin Bokky takes him on as an apprentice. Pat learns the game while Bokky falls in love and desires a different life. Jeff Hole <jeffhole@aol.com> The Costello family belong to the nomadic gypsy-like ethnic group known as Irish Travellers. The family lives in rural North Carolina and their business is scamming. Their cousin, a young man named Pat, meets up with them and learns their cons and crafts. Soon, Pat is doing paving hustles and falls in love with a girl, and so does his cousin and mentor Bokky. Things escalate when one of them tries to leave the clan to start a new life. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the highways and backwoods of the rural south, a coterie of Irish grifters live in a world distinctly and exclusively their own. Moving from town to town, the Travellers make their living through the family business, conning and scamming nearly everyone whose path they cross. Into this world ventures Pat O'Hara who returns to the Travellers to bury his father, once a Traveller cast out for marrying an outsider. He is shunned by the head of the clan but cautiously accepted by Bokky who takes the young man under his wing and teaches him the way of their forefathers. The two take to the road running con jobs and always staying one step ahead of the law. Along the way they meet Jean, a hard working bartender and single mother, and promptly devise a plan to swindle away her hard-earned money. But Bokky's instinct for quick cash and fast getaways runs into an unexpected obstacle... his heart. 