nm0007932:

 Thrills (2001)Summaries The paper edits the stories to include titillation and a seductive flavor that mirrors the lives of the reporters to push boundaries. The reporters take on increasingly bigger risque stories which leads to rivals, danger and intrigue. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Staying on Top (2001 Video)Summaries A advertising executive agent does everything she can do to stay on top of her business, even if she has to seductive means to do so. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Womb Raider (2003)Summaries When wealthy treasure hunter Cara Loft meets reclusive art collector, Dr. Scrotus, the sexy adventurer is thrust head on into the greatest and most dangerous erotic adventure of her life: the search for the three sacred "wombs." When wealthy treasure hunter Cara Loft is delivered an invitation to meet renowned art collector Dr. Scrotus, the sexy adventurer is thrust head-on into the greatest and most dangerous erotic adventure of her life... the search for the three sacred wombs. With danger at every turn, and beautiful but lethal spy Natasha hot on her heels, Cara must travel to the scorching deserts of Arabia, the untamed jungles of Africa, and the mysterious mountains of Tibet in order to reunite the legendary womb idols of creation. Scott, Randolph It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Girl for Girl (2001)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 