nm0011644:

 Jenny (1997 )Summaries After inheriting a residence in Hollywood, Jenny and her friend leave their crappy jobs in Utica, New York. The house being mortgage afflicted, they must rent the guest house to two struggling filmmakers. Meanwhile, Jenny tries to find her B-movie "star" father she never met. Steve Richer <sricher@sympatico.ca> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Smiling Fish & Goat on Fire (1999)Summaries Two brothers share a house in the Fairfax district of LA: Tony a feckless actor, Chris an accountant. Both have relationships on rocky ground. As these emotions swirl, Tony meets his letter carrier, a single-mom named Kathy who's come to LA from Wyoming with her daughter, a budding actress. Chris meets Anna, an Italian beauty working in the States, for a few months, wrangling animals on movie sets. Chris also befriends Clive, an aging, crusty man whose longing for his recently-deceased wife is a portrait of true love. Can Clive's example help Chris sort out his love life, and can Tony grow up enough to see the possibilities with Kathy and her daughter? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Completely Totally Utterly (2001)Summaries Brent convinces his roommate Chad to help with what promises to be the ultimate Halloween party prank: they dig up an actual corpse and use it to scare their guests. The party is a great success, but now they must figure out a way of getting rid of the body. The police have staked out the apartment building in search of a suspected pervert, so they can't just take their guest out the way he came in. As time goes by, Chad's life begins to fall apart. Could the corpse have anything to do with it? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 