nm0005335:

 Pink (2007 )Summaries Series following assassin Natalie "Nate" Cross as she hunts for two men... her next target and her future husband. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 V.I.P. (19982002)Summaries A team of 5, 3 professional bodyguards, a receptionist and the ex hot dog vendor and figurehead, Vallery/ Pamela Anderson , make up Vallery Irons Protection/VIP, bodyguards for celebrities. Campy syndicated series about Vallery Irons, a girl working at a hotdog stand who accidently saves a celebrity and is mistaken for a bodyguard. She and a team of beautiful bodyguards form a bodyguard agency called V.I.P., which stands for Vallery Irons Protection. Joseph Elm <Riotplaya@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 One More Round (2005)Summaries JOSEPH REX is a common businessman who lives life quietly, risk free and overly out of shape. When a rival business associate dares him to enter an amateur boxing contest, JOSEPH REX decides to change his life. With a help of a few friends, FRANK, a heartbroken writer, and JAKE, a trainer who knows zero about boxing, the quest to change a man once and for all begins. Getting in shape has never been this ludicrous and heartwarming. This hilarious situational comedy leaves you hanging on the ropes with sweaty excitement, sexy adventures, and life lessons to tell your grandkids about. One More Round, LLC It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Truth Be Told (2006)Summaries Actor Kelly Lopez seeks the truth from Hollywood Casting Directors by having a spell cast on them. Be careful what you ask for. Actor Kelly Lopez simply wants to be told the truth when auditioning in Hollywood. She has a psychic cast a spell on Hollywood insiders so that they must unwittingly tell her the truth about what they think of her. These "truths" have Kelly begging to be lied to again. Lydia Castro It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 