nm0000183:

 Zack and Miri Make a Porno (2008)651) Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to solve their respective cash-flow problems by making an adult film together. As the cameras roll, however, the duo begin to sense that they may have more feelings for each other than they previously thought. Zack and Miri are two lifelong platonic friends who make an adult film to pay the rent of their apartment. With their friend Delaney, the couple set out for auditionees for their porn film, but in the process of filming, they realize they feel more for each other than they had before. Fashionisto Late twenty-somethings Zack Brown and Miri Linky, who have been friends since they met in grade one, are platonic roommates, who have never had sex with each other or have seriously contemplated it. Both work in dead end retail service jobs, and cannot make ends meet. They have no money for their upcoming rent, and with several utility bills past due, their electricity and water have been shut off. After speaking to a friend of a friend at their ten year high school reunion, Zack comes up with an idea to make money: make a porn movie, with themselves as the lead actors, and distribute the final product themselves. Zack figures they have a built-in initial market of their 800 high school classmates regardless of what those classmates think of either of them sexually, and that neither of them have any significant people in their lives who they would embarrass by having sex on camera. Beyond the obstacles of production, such as costs for equipment, the sound stage, sets and other actors and actually finding those actors, Zack and Miri have to face the obvious question of what having sex with each other will do to their friendship. They decide that they will treat it as a job with no effect on their friendship. Through the obstacles of production, working on this job does have an effect on both Zack and Miri which does have the potential to affect their friendship. Beyond whether this project will get them out of their financial hole, the questions are whether the effect they each face are the same, whether they will confront the effects objectively, and whether they will be truthful with the other. Huggo Zack Brown and Miriam have been friends since high-school and share an apartment with many unpaid bills. In a reunion party, they find that the former high-school star is now a porn actor, and this inspires them to make a porn film to pay their bills. They cast the actors, actresses and crew, and Zack writes the screenplay. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil After completion of their school, Zack Brown and Miriam Linky go steady, live together, but are not intimate. Years later, they are still living together and on the lookout for intimacy. Despite Zack's employment with 'Bean-N-Gone' Coffee Shop, owned by an East Indian, Surya, they are unable to pay their utilities and end up without hydro and heat. After attending a reunion, both decide to make a porno film, and title it 'Star Whores'. They accordingly hire actors and decide to play lovers themselves in this movie - with hilarious and life changing results. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts with a shot of the street covered in snow and ice with a boy on a bike doing the paper route. He's throwing newspapers when a car almost hits him and swerves the other way hitting the fence. The driver gets out and spews a bunch of cuss words as the paperboy keeps delivering and ignores the man. Inside an apartment, Miri (Elizabeth Banks) gets up to her alarm and knocks on the door telling her roommate Zack (Seth Rogen) to get up or she'll be late for work. Zack sits up but lies back down. Miri puts on a pot of coffee and above it are a ton of bills owed but none have gone in the paid slot. She knocks on the door again to get him up and goes into the bathroom. Zack gets up and just before he goes into the bathroom she yells that she's using it and he freaks saying he didn't know she was taking a shit. She yells at him that the door was closed but he argues it wasn't all the way closed. They argue some more and then he leaves. Miri is soon in the car waiting for Zack using a hand warmer. Zack gets in the car and asks her what it is and she tells him. He gets an idea and snatches the hand warmer out of her hands and puts it in his pants. Miri freaks out but drives off in their hoopty (cheap, beat up car). As they're driving Miri smells something and thinks it's the car. Soon Zack is freaking out that the hand warmer is stuck under his balls and yells for her to pull over. She pulls over and he gets out taking off his pants to get it out. He gets back in the car and he tells Miri he thinks he burned some of his ball hair off. She laughs and drives off. She pulls up to the mall where she works and as she gets out asking Zack why he won't help her pick out an outfit for later that night. He said she needs a friend and she says he is her friend but he says he meant a girlfriend. They say goodbye and he drives the car to work. At the Bean and Gone coffee shop, the manager is telling Delaney (Craig Robinson) he needs him to work black Friday. Delaney tells him how dare he do that and starts running off a list of racist names with days such as nigga Tuesday, or monkey Sunday because he's black. The manager says he didn't mean it like that and Delaney tells him he doesn't care because when he gets his settlement from the post office he won't have to work anymore. At that time Zack walks in as Delaney asks him if it's racist that the manager asked him to work black Friday. Zack says yes and the manager starts yelling at him saying he'll soon install a camera to see everything they're doing saying he hates their ebony and ivory team and fuck them both. Delaney explains that he can't work black Friday because he has to buy the flat screen his wife has been bugging him about forever. Zack says he can blame it on him because he took the day off because he'll be really drunk on the day. Delaney asks why and Zack tells him Miri really wants them to go to their high school reunion together and Delaney teases him that they should've hooked up a long time ago. Zack tells him that they have a good thing going because she pays half the rent, does dishes, and they've known each other since first grade so it would be creepy. Delaney tells Zack that he's known his wife since kindergarten and that they have a beautiful thing. Zack asks if he's telling the truth and Delaney says no he hates her and they can't stand each other. That night at Bean and Gone, Miri's changing her clothes at the coffee shop getting ready for their high school reunion. She changes into an all yellow outfit and asks how she looks. Zack tells her she looks like Ronald McDonald and she gets mad going back into the back stock room. He asks to use her computer and she says yes but he has to hit it before turning it on or the screen won't work. He hits it and asks her why she won't buy a new one. She says she can't afford it and as he looks on her screen he sees she ordered a vibrator on amazon.com asking her why she's getting one. She tells him she can't have orgasms with any of the guys she's been with. As she's changing, two young perverts see her underwear and laugh because she's wearing a huge pair of granny panties. One of them takes his phone out and starts recording it. She soon changes into another outfit with hearts all over the sweater. She asks how it looks and Zack still doesn't approve and she goes back to change again while the two perverts are still recording her. Zack asks her how can she afford the clothes if she can't pay bills or get a new laptop and she tells him she borrowed the clothes from a friend who works at another store in the mall. He then says he'll order a pocket vibrating vagina for himself and she says he should put his extra money toward the rent or some bills. She doesn't think it would be smart if he bought one and he argues that he's sick of using Jergen's to masturbate. While still recording Miri, the phone is suddenly recording Zack's butt because he caught them and places him in front of the camera. They immediately cut it off and Zack kicks them out. Miri changes into a dress and he tells her it looks ok. They go back home to get ready while Miri is in the shower and the water shuts off. She yells for Zack and he goes in the bathroom trying to turn on the faucet. It goes off and he tells her they shut the water off. Miri then asks him to use water from the toilet. He lifts the seat and says there's poop in there and she says no from the back of the seat. He gets it out and starts pouring it into her hair trying not to look as she hangs on to the shower curtain. It's going fine until she falls on the floor trying not to let Zack see her. They soon get into the car and Zack tries to convince Miri that they shouldn't be going since they haven't done so well 10 years later. She tells him nobody is better than them but he cuts her down by saying yes they are. They then check with each other if they look any better than they did 10 years ago and they both give negative answers so then they drive off. They arrive at the high school and go to check in. At the front desk the girl checking in the guests doesn't remember either Zack or Miri and they tell her their names. Miri says her name is Miriam Linkey and the girl says she remembers stinky Linkey. She says to her no, that's not true but they give her a nametag with her name and nickname on it saying stinky Linkey. Zack gets his but has no nickname on his and asks if he can have sex with the girl after the reunion telling her he eats pussy. She says no while handing them the sign in sheet saying she's married with kids and Miri says that's beautiful. Zack tries to convince her again but she refuses. He hands her the sheet back and they walk to the gym. The girl looks down and sees he wrote I love your pussy and freaks out. To make matters worse she turns around mad and Zack is emulating eating her out. They both get to the gym and start talking and socializing when a guy who goes by the other Zack and keeps giving Zack hell about it because they have the same name. Zack and Miri then go get drinks at the bar when Miri sees the high school quarterback that she had a crush on, Bobby Long (Brandon Routh) and goes to hit on him. Zack laughs at her for trying something pointless but she goes for it anyway. She sees him and starts talking to him and asks if he remembers her. Since they earlier took off their nametags he doesn't know until she says she's stinky Linkey. Bobby then remembers and tells Miri she looks good. She says thank you and starts hitting on him noticing that he's not married and tells him neither is she. She asks about him and he tells her he has to go back to L.A. tomorrow and she says he's gotten all big-time. Later by the punch bowl Zack sees a guy standing there named Brandon (Justin Long) and starts talking to him. He asks Brandon if he knows him and he tells Zack that he didn't go to high school with them he just came with somebody else and says he came with Bobby Long. He tells him he wasn't prepared to come to Monroeville (Pennsylvania). He asks Brandon what he does and he tells him he's an actor. Zack asks what movies Brandon's been in and he tells him he's been in mostly spoofs that involve mostly men, actually only men. Zack then realizes that Brandon's a gay porn star and looks a bit shocked. Zack apologizes but Brandon says its ok because he knows Zack isn't a part of his fan base. Zack asks how he knows so and Brandon asks him if he likes pussy and immediately Zack says yes. Brandon then tells Zack that that lets him know he's not apart of his fan base. Zack then looks at Miri telling Brandon that Miri really wants to get with Bobby realizing that she doesn't know Bobby's gay. Soon Miri's asking Bobby back to her place after having a few too many drinks and he tries nicely to let her down. Zack and Brandon approach them while Zack tries to stop Miri from making a fool of herself. She still keeps propositioning him when Zack tells her what Brandon does and that Bobby brought him. Brandon sees Miri and then calls her granny panties because he saw the footage an hour ago that the two perverts recorded on their camera phone saying they got over two million hits in three hours. He then asks Bobby to take a picture of the three of them because he realizes that Zack's ass was in the footage as well. Humiliated, Miri then realizes that Bobby's gay and she leaves saying she's going to drink until she falls over. For some odd reason Zack stays to ask about Brandon doing gay porn somewhat curious about his profession. But soon Bobby and Brandon get into a fight about Bobby being so secretive about their relationship while Zack stands in awe watching them argue. Brandon says he's been putting up with Bobby being in the closet when they visit his mom and starts making a scene in front of everyone while people start looking as he yells that they're gay. He keeps talking about how much he loves sucking Bobby's dick and how much Bobby loves eating Brandon's ass out and wants to know why he doesn't want anyone else to know what they do in bed. Zack still stands in amazement that they fight like straight couples do. Somehow Bobby calms Brandon down and they kiss and make up when Zack leaves. Zack then goes to the table and sees another high school classmate he remembered while she looks pissed off seeing her husband flirting with a former cheerleader. Zack looks shocked that they got married and offers she can give him a handjob if she wants to get back at him. She first says she doesn't want revenge but Zack says they can go in the girls locker room and she says she'll do it in 10 minutes. They soon walk out as he zips up his pants showing that she did the deed. That night Miri and Zack get home looking depressed about to drink beers and Zack tries to see the two in the granny panties site when their power goes out. Soon they go to a bar and start talking about how bad things are financially and how low they are on options. She then tells Zack that soon when they get home the heat will be cut off too since all the power went out and soon they won't have a roof over their head. Miri asks Zack to extend his credit line again but he says he already did and he's maxed out. He then says she could start by doing what they always said and be a hooker. She says she never thought things would get so bad that they would have to start having sex for money. He tells her that Brandon makes a lot of money for sex. Then the idea pops into his head and she gets excited. He tells her they could make a porno. Miri says that wasn't the idea she had in mind but Zack keeps going on about how Brandon gets paid $1,000 each time he gets banged or gives a blow job. Miri still isn't sure about it since it would be weird between the two of them. Zack mentions that the only people who do it are those with no dignity and no families. He says they both have no dignity and Miri's parents are dead and Zack's grandparents are dead nobody would care if they did porn. He also mentions they've known each other for a long time and would finally know what it's like to have sex with each other. Miri accuses Zack of wanting to do a porno only to have an excuse to have sex with her. He says that's not true, as the film would be profitable since the porn industry does make a lot of money. They soon get home and keep talking about doing a porno while burning all their bills in the fire of their trashcan for heat because the heat was eventually cut off. They discuss how strange it would be having sex because they've known each other for so long and Miri says it'd be like having sex with her brother. After much convincing, Zack finally gets Miri to agree to it. On black Friday, Zack and Delaney are at the mall shopping when Zack runs the idea by Delaney saying if he takes the money for his flat screen to pay for their porn he can be the producer. Delaney seems hesitant because of his wife but Zack tells him he'll get to see free tits and he won't have to have sex. He says he'll let him do the auditions and check out all the women willing to be in the movie. Delaney lights up to the idea and gives him his flat screen money agreeing to be the producer. Soon they're all posting signs for auditions and looking for a studio. Delaney has a line of women waiting to show him their talents hesitant to see them because he's married. He keeps trying to talk himself out of it while looking at different women. At the same time Zack and Miri are trying to come up with names of their porn such as spoof names from sci-fi flicks. They're also using the water at Bean and Gone. Zack and Miri also find a place to shoot the film that used to be an old homeless shelter where the homeless used to go to the bathroom on the floor. The landlord tells them as long as they can clean it up they'll be ok. They pay to rent it out and begin to set it up like a studio. Back at the audition, Delaney tries to respect the woman in the room and she strips her clothes off and he stares practically drooling. They also go to strip clubs looking for women and ask if any of them do anal sex and they find one, Stacey (Katie Morgan), who says she loves oral too. They decide to bring her on as part of the cast. They also interview different men who would like to star in their porn and find one guy, Lester (Jason Mewes), who says he has a special talent and tells Zack and Miri that he can make his dick stand straight up and not just out. He stands up and shows them and amazed they cast him. With the men they also pick up Barry (Ricky Mabe) as part of the cast. Zack, Miri, and Delaney also meet another girl auditioning who tells them she learned a trick at a bachelor party. She stands up and pulls her underwear down and shakes a bottle of bubbles and puts the blowing stick by her vagina and queefs to make it blow up. It works and she pops it. At a loss for words, Delaney starts calling her Bubbles (Traci Lords). While playing recreational hockey (think intramurals), Zack is skating across the ice and the goalie gets mad because he doesn't want to get hit. He gets fed up when he almost gets hit and throws down his hockey stick knocking out the guy trying to make a goal. He's then told to sit out and sits next to Zack talking to him and Zack asks him if he used to videotape games in high school. His teammate, Deacon (Jeff Anderson) says he did only to sleep with cheerleaders. Soon Zack has a cameraman. After getting a full cast and crew they come up with the idea to call the movie Star Whores and get started. Back at Zack and Miris apartment, the cast is there discussing who will have sex with who. They decide everybody will sleep with one another except when Zack says he'll sleep with Stacey and Miri starts to look a little jealous. In order to deny her feelings she says she'll sleep with Lester. Zack then starts to get jealous and says she shouldn't do it or she'll be uncomfortable but Miri says she's slept with uglier guys than Lester and she's ok with it. They then let it go and agree that everyone will have sex with everyone minus Delaney and Deacon (so he can shoot it). They then go to the renovated studio and begin doing shots of them with dildos as guns dressed as the Star Wars characters. They even show a pair of balls hanging where R2-D2's opening is. They soon wrap it up and congratulate each other saying they're looking forward to tomorrow when the actual sex begins. After they wrap it up Zack and Miri are the only ones left and begin talking about their sex scene. Miri makes Zack promise that things won't get weird and he says they won't. They then leave and Miri says she hopes things don't go wrong and Zack asks what could go wrong with their porno. The next day the building's being demolished by construction workers just as the cast pulls up to see all their equipment and studio getting crushed. Zack and Miri yell to the head construction worker they already paid the man the full rent and then Zack says he'll crush him. The construction worker tells him good luck because he ran off to Florida. Frustrated, they all go to Bean and Gone and are defeated they were tricked. Zack walks around pissed saying he knew he was a loser and gives up on it all while a patron walks in for a cup of coffee. Zack asks him what he wants and when the man tries to say something Zack interrupts saying it's too late so he gets a latte. Then as Zack looks out at the coffee shop he gets a vision and starts running around excited about his idea. He then runs to the back stockroom and sees the camcorder the manager set up in the back and gets the idea to use it to make a porno in the coffee shop since all of their equipment was demolished. They then decide to shut down the shop after hours and cover it with curtains. That night they shut it down and soon begin to shoot their first sex scene with Stacey and Lester. Barry acts as the sound crew and uses a hockey stick with a microphone on it. Lester begins the act by walking up to buy a cup of coffee while Stacey acts as the barista and offers him herself since she's already topless. They then start to have sex while Barry pours coffee beans on them for effect. It seems to be going well until a drifter shows up drunk asking what time the place closes. Obviously he was still in the bathroom when Zack tells him they closed a while ago. He tells them he needs a coffee to drive home and Zack makes it on the house. While Lester and Stacey still have sex, Zack makes the coffee like it's nothing out of the ordinary. He then gets the drifter out and the cast and crew finish the scene. It goes well and they go to the next scene of Bubbles fucking Barry with a dildo while he seems to be enjoying it as much as she is. Delaney then says he's disturbed at how much it's turning him on. The next night Zack closes the coffee shop shoving patrons out and gets the cast and crew to run in. This happens to be the night of Zack and Miri's scene and it's obvious that Miri's nervous while Bubbles does her makeup. She keeps telling Bubbles that Zack and her are just friends and always have been while Bubbles doesn't seem to be buying it. Then Zack walks in and Miri comments on how he shaved and he said he did it so he wouldn't give her razor burn when he went down on her. She laughs saying she likes it and Bubbles leaves them alone. Miri tells Zack how proud she's of him and likes the ambitious look on him. They have a moment and then go to shoot the scene. The crew turns on the music and starts filming when Miri acts as an employee in a really short skirt, her bra out, and really high heels. Zack comes in with a delivery in cut off UPS shorts with a crate full of crme. They look uncomfortable the whole time and keep dancing around to the music while making sexual references about the crme and his going on Miri's face. They keep moving to the other side of the room while the crew keeps pushing them along to have sex. Zack even tells Miri not to take her top off and almost none of their clothes come off. Delaney calls it the worst porno he's ever seen while they all look waiting for some action. While walking, Miri reaches under her skirt and pulls her granny panties off throwing them on Zack trying to be sexy when it clearly isn't working. Zack and Miri finally get on the coffee bean bag about to do it still hesitant. He asks her if she's ready and she says yes. They kiss and Zack finally gets inside her and they begin having sex. But they aren't doing it porn star style they seem into it like they're making love. The crew looks at them because they're so surprisingly gentle with each other and Deacon says they're in a different world. Back to the duo they're still having sex and enjoying it when Miri is about to climax Zack joins her and cum together. They lay in complete bliss while the crew cheers them on how great the scene went. They congratulate Zack and Miri on how well they did and leave to go out front. Zack asks Miri if she's coming and she says she needs to take a break and he leaves. Miri lays on the bag of beans happy that she finally had an orgasm while Zack walks out the door and stands still thinking about what happened and seems relieved. Back at their place, Zack and Miri talk about how well the scene went when Miri brings up that she felt weird while recording the scene and that she is still feeling that way. Zack asks if she meant weird in a bad way and she tells him no, she just didn't expect him to do all he did sexually. Trying to dance around the issue, Zack tells her he did do a lot by acting, writing the script, and directing. Miri tells him she wasn't talking about those things and he admits he knew. Just when they approach the subject of their romantic tryst, the power comes back on even though they haven't paid one bill. Then they check the water and it comes back on. They jump in excitement and get a knock on the door. Miri answers with the whole cast and crew standing there. Zack asks if they talked to the landlord but find out they decided to pay their bills for the month because they were tired of Zack and Miri using their showers. They also appreciate the two for giving them a chance to do a porno and how they feel connected as a family. Delaney tells them they're having a wrap party even though the movie isn't done. He says they need a break and they begin dancing, drinking, throwing things off the back porch, and playing drinking games. Sitting on the couch, Miri looks at Zack and he smiles at her when Stacey suddenly sits next to her asking about the connection between her and Zack since Stacey has a sex scene with him tomorrow. Miri says it was good and Stacey interrupts saying she wanted to hook up with him that night. She asks Miri if its ok and Miri approves even though she doesn't seem to be happy about it. Stacey jumps on Zack whispering she wants to sleep with him. He looks uncomfortable and whispers looking at Miri thinking about her. Stacey whispers she said it was ok and Zack looks shocked. He then stares at Miri as Stacey leads him to his bedroom looking upset that Miri approved. Miri also stares at Zack disappointed that he's going to sleep with Stacey. They both close his bedroom door and Miri looks depressed on the couch. The next day, Zack is directing the final scene for Stacey and Lester to have sex asking if she's ok with it. She tells him she is because she's constipated and normally anal sex loosens her up making her regular again. Zack says he takes an Ex-lax looking disgusted saying he's never had that conversation before and goes to the back right when Miri walks in. Zack asks her why she's there and she tells him she came to do the final scene with Lester and Zack gets upset asking her to come back so they can talk in private. He asks her what she's doing and Miri says ever since they started the porn Zack has only wanted her to have sex with him while he does everybody else. He says that's not true and brings up the other night when he knew they had something. Miri says it was just fucking and he angrily says they weren't fucking because they felt something. Zack tells her they didn't fuck they made love that night. Miri then asks if he was thinking of that when he fucked Stacey last night and he argues she did it to test him. Miri tells him she just let Stacey ask him he had the choice. Zack then calls her a jealous girlfriend and Miri yells she isn't his girlfriend she's just his friend. After hearing that Zack finally confesses that he loves Miri after all the years they've spent together. Defiant, Miri says they didn't make love that night they just fucked and she's doing the final scene with Lester. Zack gets so upset he leaves challenging her asking what if he didn't fuck Stacey. Miri tells him but he did and without trying to explain Zack leaves. Miri almost cries and comes to do the scene when everyone looks at her because Zack drove off without doing the last scene. At the same time, Deacon is filming Stacey and Lester having anal sex underneath them when shit suddenly spills out all over Deacon's face and camera. Deacon freaks out and runs outside with Delaney watching Zack drive off. Feeling guilty, later that night, Miri goes home to find Zack but sees his room is empty and that he's moved out. Three months later, it's still cold in Pittsburgh when a guy in a mask and hockey uniform is getting shot with two paintball guns as if it were a game. The two of them finish up and they're the same two perverts that posted Zack and Miri on the Internet. The guy takes his mask off and it turns out to be Zack covered in paint. Delaney walks up asking him if he used to work at the Bean and Gone and Zack looks excited to see him. During Zack's break, he and Delaney talk about how things are and Delaney tells him he finally got his settlement from the post office. Zack congratulates him because he thought it was a joke. Delaney mentions that Zack still owes him money and asks Zack about the porno they made, telling him it's not finished. Still mending a broken heart, Zack tells Delaney he won't finish it. Delaney says if he finishes it he won't owe him anything and Zack agrees to clear his debt. At Delaney's house, his wife (Tisha Campbell-Martin) starts yelling at him that he has another white boy in the basement, so why did he bring another one? He introduces Zack and she asks Zack if he thinks she's attractive. Delaney tells him to just say yes and Zack does. She offers to have sex with him until Delaney makes him go into the basement while the couple argues about her boobs sagging and Delaney's balls sagging. Zack sees Deacon in the basement editing their porno while Delaney joins them. The last scene is with Zack and Miri together and it kills Zack to watch it. He looks at the rushes, but does not find it. He asks where the last scene is and they tell him Miri never did it. He feels terrible when Delaney explains how much the both of them did for the cast and crew they had and how they should've seen what was right in front of them. Zack runs back to their old place and comes inside opening the bathroom door knowing Miri's in there. She yells to close the door and he freaks out, saying he didn't know she was taking a shit. He closes the door and tells her he loves her and that he never slept with Stacey. Suddenly Lester walks out naked. Zack then says it's ok if she's sleeping with Lester because he loves her and would rather die than be without her and will wait a lifetime to be with Miri. Lester says they aren't having sex: he just moved in because Miri couldn't afford the rent without Zack, and she moved into Zack's old bedroom because she missed the way he smelled. He says he just likes walking around naked. He then tries to get Zack to help jack him off but Zack declines and Lester goes back to bed. Crying, Miri opens the bathroom door and tells Zack she heard everything. He asks her why she's crying and she tells him because she missed him so much. He picks her up and carries her to his old bedroom, saying their porno film signature line, "Let us f***!" Do watch through the end credits to view a final scene, a what-are-they-doing-now thing. 
 Blade (1998)651) A half-vampire, half-mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race, while slaying evil vampires. In a world where vampires walk the earth, Blade has a goal. His goal is to rid the world of all vampire evil. When Blade witnesses a vampire bite Dr. Karen Jenson, he fights away the beast and takes Jenson back to his hideout. Here, alongside Abraham Whistler, Blade attempts to help heal Jenson. The vampire Quinn who was attacked by Blade, reports back to his master Deacon Frost, who is planning a huge surprise for the human population. Film_Fan Imbued with the cursed gift of immortality, the invincible half-human/half-vampire hybrid, Blade, embarks on an endless mission to rid humankind of the blood-suckers that infest the Earth. Suppressing his feral thirst for human blood, the preternatural "Day-walker" crosses paths with the megalomaniac vampire, Deacon Frost, whose ambitious plans threaten to end the world as we know it. Now, Blade and his loyal mentor, Whistler, seem to have met their match. Can they put an end to Deacon's nightmarish scheme? Nick Riganas When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying: All the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. Blade grew up to be a vampire hunter for revenge on his mother's death. The vampires, who managed to infiltrate nearly every major organization, need Blade's very special blood to summon La Magra, the blood god, in order to reign over the human cattle, as they call us. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Blade, along with his life-long friend Whistler battle vampires. Blade was born of a mother bitten by a vampire, he possesses all their strengths and none of their weaknesses. He is known as the day walker because sunlight does not affect him. With the addition of a new ally, Dr. Karen Jenson, Blade endeavors to prevent the evil Frost from unleashing the blood god upon the world. FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1967 with a pregnant woman being admitted to a hospital, severely bleeding from the neck. Paramedics think she was attacked by some type of animal. Doctors perform an emergency C-Section, and her baby (a boy) is born alive just as she dies. Thirty years later a young man named Dennis (Kenny Johnson) is riding in a car with an attractive redhead named Racquel (Traci Lords) heading to an underground nightclub (located, oddly, in a slaughterhouse) somewhere in Los Angeles. After addressing the doorman in Russian, Racquel brings the young man into the club. The man is confused and trying to understand the rules of the club. Some of the regulars indifferently push him aside. Saying he needs a drink, the sprinkler suddenly system activates, raining blood down on everyone inside. It is then that he (and the audience) realizes that everyone in the club is a vampire. Dennis desperately tries to get away and winds up at the feet of a menacing figure in a black-leather trenchcoat. The vampires look on this figure with awe, mumbling the words: "it's the Daywalker!" This is our first look at Blade (Wesley Snipes), the vampire killer. Blade pulls out a shotgun and opens fire on the vampires, who instantly burn to ashes when killed. When the gun is knocked out of his hands by Racquel, Blade uses a set of silver stakes to kill Racquel and more vampires, including the disk jockey. Soon all the vamps are either dead or have fled except for one; a heavyset vamp named Quinn (Donal Logue), whom Blade has apparently run into before. Blade pins Quinn to the wall, and then sets him on fire before confronting the last member in the club (the human man from the beginning). Finding no vampire bite marks on Dennis, Blade lets him live and makes his escape as the police arrive. Quinn is extinguished and taken to the local hospital. A morgue technician, Curtis (Tim Guinee) examines his blood and shows the results to Dr. Karen Jenson (N'Bushe Wright), who finds a number of irregularities, including abnormally developed jaw muscles. As they are discussing the test results, Quinn bursts back to life and bites both doctors. Before he can finish Dr. Jenson, Blade shows up and saves her, cutting off one of Quinn's arms. Blade brings Karen, severely weakened and in shock, to his hideout and asks for help from his mentor, an older man named named Whistler (Kris Kristofferson). Whistler injects Dr. Jenson with a solution of garlic essence and silver nitrate and remarks that she has a 50/50 chance of recovering. Meanwhile, a group of vampires are discussing Blade's latest attack on their members. Apparently this club (and to an extent, Quinn) is the property of a vampire named Deacon Frost (Stephen Dorff). Frost wants the vampires to outright rule the humans and use them as a food source while the others (particularly an older vampire named Dragonetti) prefer to maintain a peaceful co-existance. Dragonetti (Udo Kier) in particular does not like Frost because Frost is not a "pure-blood" (ie: was not born a vampire, merely became one through the bite of another). Frost is also arrogant and his & the actions of his followers draw unnecessary attention to the vampire underworld. The next morning, Jenson awakens and wanders into Blade's chamber. She examines the sophisticated sword he carries and finds that the handle is booby-trapped. She then sees Whistler injecting Blade with some type of serum. She tries to run away but Whistler confronts her and tells her that he and Blade are hunting vampires. Karen of course is skeptical, but Whistler goes on to explain the weapons they used to hunt them - vampires are severely allergic to silver & garlic while also being vulnerable to sunlight (ultraviolet rays in particular). Whistler fuels up Blade's car and gives him a new UV flashlight to use when hunting that night. Whistler also gives Karen a type of "vampire mace" (garlic & silver nitrate in a small spray canister). Blade drops Karen off at her apartment and she tries to pack up and get out of town. A police officer, identifying himself as Officer Krieger (Kevin Patrick Walls), arrives and questions her about the events at the hospital last night, as a pretext for trying to attack her. Before he can kill her, Blade returns and subdues the policeman. Blade explains that this officer is a "familiar," (also called a "Renfield" or a "bug-eater") a human slave owned by a vampire. If he completes a series of tasks for a vampire, Krieger will be converted. Blade reveals a tattoo called a "glyph" on the back of the officer's neck and recognizes it as the mark of Deacon Frost. Blade lets Officer Krieger go free in the hopes of tracking him to another vampire club. Blade's hunch pays off and he and Karen arrive at a new underground club and have a confrontation with Pearl (Eric Edwards), a morbidly-obese vampire who works as a record keeper. Pearl confesses that Deacon Frost is researching ancient vampire prophecies... one in particular involving a ritual and a creature named "La Magra." Karen burns Pearl severely with Whistler's giant UV light and Blade steals part of Pearl's hard drive. Blade and Karen move further into the vampire archives and find the giant pages from "The Book of Erebus," the vampire Bible. They are suddenly ambushed by a group of vampires led by Quinn, now healed and having regrown his lost hand. Quinn tortures Blade for information (and for his own amusement) but realizes that Blade has a radio link in his ear. Whistler suddenly arrives (having been listening in the whole time), blowing a hole in the wall and opens fire on the vampires. The three heroes escape through the subway system, and Blade cuts off Quinn's other hand to get away. When he and Karen board a passing subway car, Blade steps back and injects himself with more serum. Karen suspects that Blade is actually a vampire himself, but Blade responds in the negative; he is something completely different. At a vampire club, Officer Krieger arrives where he reports to Frost about Blade and of his new alliance with the doctor, Karen. Frost is angry for letting Blade get away. Frost turns on Krieger, biting his throat and allowing his girlfriend, Mercury (Arly Jover) to join him. Back at the hideout, Whistler explains Blade's history to Karen: Blade was the baby seen in the opening scene; his mother was attacked by a vampire hours before he was born. She died but Blade lived and Whistler found him on the streets, feeding on homeless people. Due to the unique circumstances of his birth, Blade is a hybrid of human and vampire abilities; he can resist garlic and silver, can walk in open sunlight (hence the nickname "Daywalker" given by other vampires) and has enhanced strength and healing abilities just like other vampires, however he also has inherited the vampire's thirst for blood. Whistler developed a serum to curb Blade's cravings, but Blade's body is starting to resist it. Whistler also shares his own history: he was married with children and one night while they were all home, a vampire held Whistler and his family hostage. The vampire killed them all but left Whistler himself alive. Blade also confides in Karen that Whistler is suffering from the middle stages of cancer, but is refusing treatment in order to help in Blade's war against the vampires. Whistler also learns that his attempted cure of Karen was ineffective and that she is growing close to turning into a vampire. Karen refuses to give up, taking a few items from the hospital where she worked to try and find a cure for both her and Blade. The first item she brings (an anti-coagulant formula known as EDTA) is found to have a violent reaction when mixed with vampire blood, so she gives it to Blade for use as a weapon. Meanwhile, Quinn is at Frosts' headquarters, being berated for his second failure. Frost encourages Quinn to go back out and capture Blade alive. Quinn is confused by the order since his boss and all other vampires have been trying to kill Blade for a very long time. Afterward, Frost takes Mercury and his entourage of followers and abducts Dragonetti, taking him to a beach just before sunrise and forcibly ripping out the elder vampire's fangs. Frost's gang shields themselves with sunscreen, black clothing and motorcycle helmets, leaving Dragonetti to burn to death in the sun. Frost confronts the remaining elders of the Vampire Council, asking for 12 people to "volunteer" for his "La Magra" project. While Blade purchases more items for hunting, Whistler and Karen discuss her latest attempt at a cure. Karen is sure that the new formula will work on her, but is unsure what effects it might have on Blade since he was born with vampirism. The stronghold is attacked by Frost's followers and Karen is abducted while Whistler is brutally beaten by the vampires. Blade returns to find Whistler horribly injured and infected by the vampire bites. In an emotional scene, Blade assists Whistler in committing suicide before loading up to raid Frost's stronghold. Blade attacks the Frost compound and kills many of Frosts' followers, even trying the EDTA formula (which makes vampires swell up and explode in a shower of blood). Blade finally reaches the final room of Frost's hideout, where he is confronted by a lone woman who calls him "Eric." It is Blade's mother, reborn as a vampire to serve Frost. Frost ambushes Blade, taking him hostage while revealing that it was he himself who bit Blade's mother while she was pregnant. Blade and Karen are transported to another location, a temple where the ritual of La Magra can be performed. Despondent, Blade asks Karen if she has finished her "miracle cure." Karen says that the cure would presumably rob Blade of his strength and healing powers while neutralizing his thirst, effectively making Blade fully human. Karen and Blade are separated: Karen is dumped into a lower chamber where a berserker vampire has been kept. It is Curtis, who exists as a sort of mindless zombie. Karen battles with him briefly and manages to climb out of the pit. Blade and the 12 members of the Vampire Council are to be used as offerings for Frost's "La Magra" ritual. Blade is put into a large torture device, where most of his blood is extracted for the ritual. The 12 members of the Council are executed and their souls are absorbed by Frost, turning him into La Magra: the Blood God. Karen escapes using the mace previously given to her by Whistler, and frees Blade - now terribly weak. Knowing that there is only one way to get Blade healed in time, Karen requests that Blade feed on some of her blood. Blade resists at first, but finally seeing no other choice, bites Karen. Blade is revived, stronger than ever. Blade's mother suddenly appears and fights Blade, ultimately being stabbed in the heart with a bone. Blade fights his way through the remaining vampire guards, reclaiming his trademark sword and decapitating Quinn to reclaim his sunglasses. Blade then takes on the vampire guards in marital-arts fashion, defeating them all. Mercury attempts to kill Karen who opens fire with a shotgun containing silver buckshot, but Mercury is too fast and knocks the gun out of Karen's hands and easily bests her in hand-to-hand combat. Karen finally kills Mercury by using the garlic mace, spraying Mercury in her mouth just as she is about to bite Karen. Mercury's head explodes in a gory mass of blood and brains. Blade and Frost/La Magra fight, effectively clashing swords. Blade cuts off La Magra's arm and slices him in half, but the Blood God merely regenerates without any effort. La Magra taunts Blade, mentioning the "serum" that Blade is so dependent on. Blade realizes that La Magra is actually referring to the EDTA vials that Blade brought on the hunt. He grabs the packet of vials and throws every one into Frost, who swells up and explodes in a massive shower of blood. Karen and Blade exit the ruins. Blade finally declines the cure, deciding that even with Frost gone there are many other vampires out there and he needs the additional skills. Blade asks Karen to make him a more efficient serum, and she agrees. The movie ends with Blade resuming his hunt for vampires in a Russian-speaking country. 
 Excision (2012)431) A disturbed and delusional high school student with aspirations of a career in medicine goes to extremes to earn the approval of her controlling mother. Pauline (18yo) lives with her family and her younger sister Grace, who has Cystic Fibrosis. Pauline has some delusions of being a great surgeon, and she also has some horrific dreams that she actually finds "stimulating" to say the least. Her family put up with her delusions, and her school classmates find her annoying. But, as this is all happening around her, she has a plan - a plan that will leave them all shocked - and some people may not survive. Michael Hallows Eve A shabby appearance and an equally bad complexion are only a few issues the antisocial and delusional high-school tomboy, Pauline, has to deal with. Struggling for attention and acceptance, the otherwise ordinary schoolgirl is suffering from the typical problems of her age, including the constant mother/daughter conflicts, the search for the perfect boyfriend, and the loss of her virginity. And, as if that weren't enough, troubled Pauline's feverishly grotesque fantasies and her thing for haemophilia have made her the school's pariah. Under those circumstances, who would blame Pauline for longing to be her little sister's hero? After all, it won't be that hard; all it takes is a dash of determination and a steady hand. Can Pauline rid herself of the sickness? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Pauline (AnnaLynne McCord) wishes that reconnecting with her controlling mother was as easy as picking scabs, or that fixing her sisters lung disorder was as simple as dissecting road kill. Little does her mother (Traci Lords) know the extremes that Pauline is willing to go to in order to earn her approval. Maybe the other girls at school would be nicer to her if they knew she fantasized about performing surgery on them... Her mother goes to school to talk to the counsellor (Marlee Matlin), a deaf lady who despises both mother and daughter. There, Pauline learns that her mother is planning on sending her to charm school to teach her good manners. She is so trouble, that she sees a psychologist (John Waters), but then we learn that the man is not really a psychologist. The film depicts the life of a disturbed and delusional high school student, Pauline, who has aspirations of a career in medicine and that of her younger sister, Grace (Ariel Winter), who suffers from cystic fibrosis. Pauline has vivid dreams about herself and others being mutilated with excessive amounts of blood. After each dream she awakens panting reeling from the experience in an almost orgasmic state. She decides that she wants to loose her virginity to Adam (Jeremy Sumpter); a handsome popular young man at her high school. She approaches him and explains to him what she wants gives him her number in front of his giggling friends. Like any other adolescent male at their pubescent peak he decides to take her up on the offer. Because of her fascination with blood she arranges their meeting while she is on her period. During the climax of their encounter she imagines herself choking Adam and the bed filling with blood. At the end she asks Adam to go down on her, which he obliges. After a few moments something doesn't seem quite right and he runs to the bathroom where he discovers his mouth is covered with blood. He goes to the bathroom to clean himself off, and then takes her back home in disgust. He can't get far away from her fast enough; he even tries to hide his face with a hoodie. Back in school during sex education class, Pauline takes a sample of her blood and puts it under a microscope to check for STDs. Later on, while at school, she sees Adam on the bleachers with his girlfriend, Molly McCook (Natalie). She tells Adam she doesn't have any STDs and asks his girlfriend if she has any, giving her an indication of Adam's infidelity. Pauline then seals the deal by telling them that if the girlfriend doesn't have anything neither will she. Principal Campbell (Ray Wise) tries to crack a joke when he comes across Pauline in the school corridors. Across the street from Pauline and Grace is a teenage girl that jumps rope in her drive way. Pauline tells her that she also enjoys jumping rope and invites the girl to jump rope with her. The girl finds the entire conversation along with Pauline extremely weird and refuses telling her as much. Grace defends her sister and storms off, pulling Pauline with her. Through out the film Pauline and the jump rope girl have uncomfortable interactions mostly brought on by Pauline. During one interaction the girl sees Pauline stop and pick up a dead bird off the street and put it in her backpack. Pauline takes the bird home and attempts to dissect it which is interrupted by her mother checking on her from outside her bedroom door. During the dissection she licks some of the birds blood off her hand and afterwords she flushes the remains down her toilet. During dinner her father (Rogert Bart) explains that the toilet is stopped up, to which she answers "not enough fiber". Adam's now ex-girlfriend and a friend of hers TP and spray paint obscenities on Pauline's house. Upset by this, Pauline goes on an angry tirade at school in which she pushes Adam to the ground and slams his ex-girlfriend's face into her own locker resulting in her being expelled from school: Principal Campbell has no more patience for Pauline. While in her room Pauline overhears her parents arguing over her behavior and discussing Grace's doctor who wants to put Grace on the lung transplant list. During dinner that night Grace has a severe coughing fit which causes her parents extreme concern and greatly disturbs Pauline. In the morning their mother leaves, presumably for work, and the father stays home. Pauline drugs, ties up her father, and gags him. She then lures the jump roping girl to her backyard under the false premise that there are several jump ropes she can have that Grace can no longer use because of her lungs. She places a cloth over her mouth and after a brief struggle the girl loses consciousness. Pauline talks to Grace and lovingly strokes her hair, stating that Grace may be confused by what is going to happen but she has only her best interest in mind. She drugs Grace with the same cloth, then cuts and shaves her own hair. In the garage, Pauline has cut open both girls and is in the process of moving the healthy girl's lungs into her sister and placing the other lungs on ice. Pauline's mother arrives home and sees her husband tied up. She panics and runs through the house frantically screaming for Grace. She opens the garage door and finds Pauline with the bodies after she has just finished sewing them up. Pauline explains that it is her first surgery, and although it's messy, it's wonderful, and that she was unsure what to do with the jump roping girl's body so she used her to practice her incisions. She then urges her mother to take a closer look, who runs towards Pauline and grabs her, holding her and screaming hysterically. Pauline at first seems proud, but then begins to cry as if seemingly realizing what she has done... 
 Cry-Baby (1990)321) In 1950s Baltimore, a bad boy with a heart of gold wins the love of a good girl, whose boyfriend sets out for revenge. Allison is a "square" good girl who has decided she wants to be bad and falls hard for Cry-Baby Walker, a Greaser (or "Drape" in John Waters parlance). Spoofing Elvis movies and Juvenile Delinquency scare films of the '50s, this movie follows the adventures of Cry-Baby who, though he is sent to juvie, is determined to cross class (and taste) boundaries to get Allison back. Linda (& Moo) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Baltimore, Maryland. 1954 In the school gym, students file in two lines for Polio vaccines. It is here that the audience is introduced to the main cast. The Drapes: Lenora Frigid ( Kim Webb ), Drape hussy with a manipulative streak and her eyes set on Cry-Baby, Mona "Hatchet-Face" Malnorowski ( Kim McGuire ), tough as nails, with a face so ugly that it could shatter glass; Wanda Woodward ( Traci Lords ), obviously the school blond siren in tight clothes and too much make-up; Milton Hackett ( Darren E. Burrows ), Hatchet-Face's boyfriend, a light-hearted guy with a ever-present smile and a constant joke-maker; Pepper Walker ( Ricki Lake ), an overweight teenage mother of two and pregnant, rough and tough and loyal; and Wade "Cry-Baby" Walker ( Johnny Depp ), the drape heartthrob that was raised a gentleman by delinquents like himself. His manners and politeness are a step above that of the average Drape; however, he loves his gang and his culture. They're Drapes, and they're proud. Here, we also meet the two main Squares: Allison Vernon-Williams ( Amy Locane ), a Square with a rebellious side that's 'tired of being good', who, after one moment of eye contact has stolen Cry-Baby's heart, and her Square boyfriend Baldwin ( Stephen Mailer ), who is jealous and territorial and has two dreams in life: wife-ing up Allison and taking down Cry-Baby and his gang. After the vaccines are administered, the students are released. We meet Wanda's mother and father ( Patricia Hearst and David Nelson ), the school crossing guard and bus driver, respectively. They're both blissfully ignorant and extremely uncool. Allison introduces herself to Cry-Baby and his friends and Cry-Baby invites Allison to hang out with the Drapes. Allison's grandmother, Mrs. Vernon-Williams ( Polly Bergen ) and Baldwin show up with the same message for Cry-Baby: stay away from Allison. Though Cry-Baby, born and raised an outlaw, has trouble with listening, and he and his friends tail Allison and her grandmother on the street, driving up beside them and serenading Allison, complete with a blown kiss. After the Vernon-Williams' and Baldwin arrive at the RSVP Charm school, the academy run by Mrs. Vernon-Williams, Baldwin and his Whiffles ( Drew Ebersole , Kenny Curtis and Scott Neilson ) perform their act in the annual RSVP Talent Show, a lame Doo-Wop song {Sh-Boom}. Afterwards, Allison performs her own song {A Teenage Prayer}. This is where we see her and Baldwin's differing goals in life; while Baldwin watches Allison and imagines her in a wedding dress complete with bouquet and veil, Allison's imagination turns Baldwin and each of the Whiffles into Cry-Baby. Meanwhile, at Turkey Point, the Drape swimming hole (which Mrs. Vernon-Williams ungraciously calls the 'Redneck Riviera'), we meet Milton's parents ( Joe Dallesandro and Joey Heatherton ), a devout religious couple preaching to the delinquents to repent and accept Jesus into their hearts. As Cry-Baby's gang walks through Turkey Point greeting all their friends, Lenora once again tries to sink her claws into Cry-Baby with a 'CB' burned into her thigh via stickers and sun-bathing. She tells him that she needs a date for that night's Jukebox Jamboree, but Cry-Baby (and his gang) tells her that it's NOT gonna happen. After Cry-Baby's uncle Belvedere ( Iggy Pop ) and Grandmother Ramona ( Susan Tyrrell ) gift him with a brand new motorcycle, he travels to the RSVP talent show, politely asking Mrs. Vernon-Williams if Allison can join him at the Jukebox Jamboree at Turkey Point. Mrs. Vernon-Williams reluctantly allows when Cry-Baby shows his poise after Baldwin attacks him. At the Jukebox Jamboree, Pepper, Wanda and Hatchet-Face give Allison a 'bad girl beauty make-over', exchanging her elegant white gown for leather pants and a halter top, complete with a new hairstyle and a face full of make-up. Allison joins Belvedere and Ramona in the audience as Milton, Wanda, Pepper, and Hatchet-Face (as the Cry-Baby Combo) back Cry-Baby for his performance {King Cry-Baby}. Lenora, in true groupie fashion throws her panties at Cry-Baby as he sings, glaring at Allison as she does so. Cry-Baby, however, just kicks them aside before bringing Allison onstage to song with him. Allison sings a line as her 'good girl', and then exchanges it for roaring her second line, bringing her Drape side full circle. After the performance, Allison and Cry-Baby find a spot in a field where Cry-Baby confesses his love for Allison, and give her her first French kiss. Allison talks about her parents' death, telling Cry-Baby she's an orphan. Cry-Baby reveals that his father was The Alphabet Bomber, famous for setting off bombs in alphabetical order (airport, barbershop, car wash, etc.), and that he and Cry-Baby's mother both died in the electric chair. As Cry-Baby and Allison share their family pasts, Baldwin and a group of vengeful Squares sneak into Turkey Point to vandalize the Drapes' cars, Cry-Baby's motorcycle, eventually incite an all-out brawl with the Drapes. Lenora lies to Allison, telling her that she's pregnant with Cry-Baby's child, and Baldwin tells her that the Drapes started everything. All the Drapes, including Allison are arrested and brought to court, where Milton, Hatchet-Face and Wanda are released to their parents and Allison to her grandmother, Ramona and Belvedere are fined $1000 apiece, Peppers kids, Snare-Drum and Susie-Q ( Jonathan Benya and Scout Raskin ) are put in an orphanage, and Cry-Baby is sentenced to the Maryland Training School for Boys until his 21st birthday. Cry-Baby sings out his longing for Allison on his first night {Teardrops Are Falling}, while Lenora manipulates a clip of Cry-Baby admitting his happiness and pride at being a juvenile delinquent into his pride of being a soon-to-be father by telling the reporters that she's pregnant. Allison hears this on the radio and gives up her Drape style for a floral dress and her Square life once again. Baldwin convinces her to return to him (in the form of a serenade in the director's cut {The Naughty Lady Of Shady Lane}) and Allison says live to reporters that she wants nothing to do with Cry-Baby anymore. Cry-Baby hears this on the radio and gets so angry that he breaks into spontaneous song and dance {Doin' Time For Bein' Young}, which lands him The Hole with his fellow Drape friend, Dupree ( Robert Tyree ), who gives Cry-Baby a teardrop tattoo for Allison. Cry-Baby uses the sewer in the room to try to escape, unknowingly passing right past Hatchet and Milton, who have stolen a helicopter to break Cry-Baby out, unsuccessfully. Cry-Baby eventually takes a wrong turn that leads him straight to the barbershop of the prison, and straight into the hands of a dozen guards. Meanwhile, Wanda runs away from home after her parents reveal that they've signed her up for an exchange program and she's scheduled to leave for Sweden that afternoon. Pepper, Ramona and Belvedere break all the children out of the inhumane Chatterbox Orphanage and head to the opening of the Enchanted Forest, Maryland's first theme park, and where Baldwin, the Whiffles and Allison are performing {Mr. Sandman}. Allison sees Lenora (now in Square fashion) blow a kiss to Baldwin and smacks him before being told by Cry-Baby's gang that 'she sung with the Squares, now sing with the Drapes'. Baldwin insists that he loves her; Lenora announces that she's now a Square, and Mrs. Vernon-Williams (now warmed up to Cry-Baby and his gang and even sporting a skull and crossbones pin) tells Allison to 'pick the man that loves her the most'. We cut immediately to Cry-Baby's gang and Mrs. Vernon-Williams outside the prison with Allison singing on a hot rod hood in a sexy red dress {Please, Mr. Jailer} vying for Cry-Baby's release from the Judge ( Robert Walsh ). Cry-Baby is summoned to the visitation room in the nick of time, right before his hair is shaved off. Allison dances for him and they sing to each other, Cry-Baby's need for Allison driving him to shatter the glass separating them, just as the Judge runs in to release him from his sentence. At Cry-Baby's formal release, the Drapes (complete with Mrs. Vernon-Williams) arrive to celebrate and the Squares (complete with Lenora on Baldwin's arm) arrive to jeer. Baldwin reveals that his grandfather was a prison guard, and the one that flipped the switch and electrocuted Cry-Baby's parents. Cry-Baby challenges Baldwin to a game of Chicken with a twist; he and Baldwin on top of the car. Baldwin agrees, and Allison and the Drapes perform a soundtrack to the game {High School Hellcats}. Baldwin chickens out and Cry-Baby wins. Everyone sheds a single tear, except for Cry-Baby, who has finally let go and is able to cry from both eyes. 