nm0006613:

 Gemini Man (2019)431) An over-the-hill hitman faces off against a younger clone of himself. A retiring assassin, Henry Brogan, finds himself pursued by a mysterious killer that can predict his every move. Discovering that he's being hunted by a younger clone of himself, Henry needs to find out why he's being targeted and who the creator is. bixy gello "Henry Brogan is an elite 51-year-old assassin who's ready to call it quits after completing his 72nd job. His plans get turned upside down when he becomes the target of a mysterious operative who can seemingly predict his every move. To his horror, Brogan soon learns that the man who's trying to kill him is a younger, faster, cloned version of himself. krmanirethnam Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Expert assassin Henry Brogan (Will Smith) is hiding out in a field as he awaits his target, suspected terrorist Valery Dormov (Igor Szasz), to pass by on a moving train. Just as Henry gets ready, his spotter and fellow DIA agent, Marino (EJ Bonilla), informs him that there is a little girl standing in front of Dormov. They must wait until she is out of sight, allowing Henry to take the shot. He just manages to strike Dormov in the neck, but he still kills him. Marino later shows Henry a video of civilians' reactions to Dormov's killing on the train. He orders Marino to delete it, as he wants no memory or image of that in his head. Henry decides to retire from the assassin life and is later visited by his handler, Del Patterson (Ralph Brown). Henry expresses his remorse over all the lives he has taken over his career, and how one wrong move could have ended that little girl's life. Henry goes to rent a boat, meeting the shop's new manager Dani Zakarweski (Mary Elizabeth Winstead) before going to meet his friend Jack Willis (Douglas Hodge). He tells Henry that Dormov was actually an innocent man working as a molecular biologist who worked in the States for 30 years. Jack thinks Henry's file on Dormov was spiked. When Henry asks where he is getting this information, Jack tells him it's his informant in Budapest, Yuri Kovacs (Ilia Volok), and he passes on this information. This whole encounter is bugged and listened in on by DIA director Janet Lassiter (Linda Emond) and GEMINI director Clay Varris (Clive Owen). Clay orders Lassiter to find a way to take care of Henry. Henry goes back to the shop and suspects Dani of working with the DIA and is following him. She denies it, and Henry feels like a jerk, so he invites her out for dinner. During their outing, it is confirmed that Dani is DIA, but she says she was following in her FBI father's footsteps. Henry also mentions his retirement and why he is choosing to leave this life behind. Later that night, a team of insurgents sneak onto Jack's boat to kill him and his girlfriend, and then dump their bodies in the water. Soon after, Henry wakes up at home and realizes men are breaking in. He calls Marino to warn him, but he hears him get killed over the phone. Henry has no choice but to run. He kills the intruders and then goes to Dani's house to warn her. He figures that since she doesn't seem to know about it that she must not be in on it, and she may be the next target. When Dani is left alone for a moment, she is attacked by a mercenary, but she gets the upper hand on him and beats the information out of him (along with some teeth). Dani confirms to Henry that Lassiter sent them. Henry and Dani ride a boat out somewhere obscure until they are found by Henry's pilot friend Baron (Benedict Wong). Henry contacts Del just to figure out what is going on. He tells him about GEMINI working with the DIA to wipe out their agents. It turns out that Dormov was working with GEMINI, and Henry figures out Clay's involvement. Henry asks Dani what she knows about GEMINI, which is just a paramilitary organization run by Clay, who originally wanted Henry and Baron to join him since they knew him as a marine, but they both declined. GEMINI specializes in wiping out specific targets with the utmost discretion. The trio go to Cartagena, Columbia temporarily. In their hotel room, Henry spots a shooter running across the adjacent rooftops. Henry runs out and starts shooting at the man. He quickly discovers that the shooter looks exactly like him, and he is named "Junior". He utilizes the exact same skill set as Henry, which makes him hard to strike. Junior chases Henry as they both ride motorbikes, resulting in Junior trying to hit Henry with his flaming bike before it explodes. Before Junior can kill Henry, authorities arrive, and he flees. Baron and Dani "take" Henry into custody as they head somewhere safer. Henry figures out their next move is to go to Budapest to meet Yuri to get more information from him. Baron finds someone who loans him a plane to get them there. Junior goes to his safe-house to treat his wounds. He is met by Clay, who makes Junior feel like a son (hence "Junior"). Junior expresses his astonishment at Henry managing to dodge his attacks and moves, but he didn't actually get a good look at his target. Clay later shows Junior the training exercises that other GEMINI operatives go through. Dani reveals to Henry that she sent DNA samples of himself and the cap that Junior was wearing, which reveals that Junior is Henry's clone. Henry is left bewildered at why a clone of himself would be sent to kill him. The trio arrive in Budapest and meet Yuri. He tells Henry that he is against Clay as well, and reveals that Dormov worked with GEMINI on the cloning project. He helped design clones that could be stronger and smarter, but Clay wanted soldiers without consciences and pain. Dormov walked away from the project and was marked for death. Henry gets a messenger to find Lassiter and inform her that he knows everything about her, so if she sends someone to kill him again, he will send someone after her first. He tries to negotiate with her to send Junior to him in order to let Dani get back to the U.S. safely. Lassiter arranges for Junior to be sent to Budapest, and he later meets Dani alone in a garden. He orders her to strip to make sure she isn't wearing a wire. He then takes her in and informs Henry about this to get him closer, and they agree to meet somewhere specific. On the ride there, Dani tries to talk to Junior to prove that he is not the cold-blooded killer he was bred to be. When she asks him why he is trying to kill Henry, Junior says he was told that Henry killed the other operatives that GEMINI killed. Henry manages to catch Junior and free Dani. He tells Junior he doesn't want to kill him but will do so if necessary. Henry also tells him who Clay really is, as well as who Junior is, expressing how empty they both feel unless they are killing someone. Junior learns he is a clone, but he doesn't want to believe it. He fights Henry and almost kills him before Dani intervenes, and Junior escapes. He returns to GEMINI and asks Clay to tell him the truth. Clay does, but he assures Junior that he is better than Henry, and that he is Clay's son. After returning home, Junior finds Henry, Dani, and Baron. He hits Henry with bee venom, knowing they are both allergic to bees, but then quickly administers an epipen. Junior decides to team up with the trio to stop Clay for good. Junior asks more questions about Henry's life to know what his own history would have been like. As they drive into town, Clay contacts Junior and tells him to run. They are hit by an ambush when a tank rolls in. Henry, Dani, and Junior jump out of the van, but Baron is killed when the tank blows it up. Soon, more GEMINI operatives start to attack, including one wearing all armor and firing a machine gun at the heroes. Henry and Junior manage to kill the operatives, but the armored one goes after them. Junior finds Clay, and they start fighting, with Junior managing to knock Clay out. They manage to subdue and kill the armored man, and he is revealed to be another clone of Henry. Clay regains consciousness and finds them. He tells Henry that this was all to reduce the cost of human life in warfare, and using someone as skilled as Henry was the perfect plan. Junior aims his gun at Clay, but Henry stops him from killing him, as he doesn't want Junior to feel the same trauma from killing people. Henry instead decides to blast a hole in Clay's chest. Sometime later, GEMINI's program is shut down, and there are no more clones running around. Henry and Dani meet on a college campus where Junior is now attending with the name "Jackson Brogan", using Henry's mother's maiden name. The three walk off together. 
 From Hell (2001)44) In Victorian-era London, a troubled clairvoyant police detective investigates the murders of Jack the Ripper. It is 1888 in London, and the unfortunate poor lead horrifying lives in the city's deadliest slum, Whitechapel. Harassed by gangs and forced to walk the streets for a living, Mary Kelly and her small group of companions trudge on through this daily misery, their only consolation being that things can't get any worse. Yet things somehow do when their friend Ann is kidnapped and they are drawn into a conspiracy with links higher up than they could possibly imagine. The kidnapping is soon followed by the gruesome murder of another woman, Polly, and it becomes apparent that they are being hunted down, one by one. Sinister even by Whitechapel standards, the murder grabs the attention of Inspector Fred Abberline, a brilliant yet troubled man whose police work is often aided by his psychic abilities. Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case, which takes on personal meaning to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love. But as he gets closer to the truth, Whitechapel becomes more and more dangerous for Abberline, Mary, and the other girls. Whoever is responsible for the grisly acts is not going to give up his secret without a fight. Will they be able to survive the avenging force that has been sent after them from Hell? The infamous Jack the Ripper case set in London of 1888. The Ripper has been running amok in the Whitechapel district murdering and dissecting prostitutes. Scotland Yard Inspector Fred Abberline, aided by his partner, Peter Godley, are on the case to figure out who this serial killer is and why he is killing these women in such a brutal manner. Abberline is an opium addict and when "chasing the dragon" he is able to have visions of the future, a certain psychic ability that allows him to solve cases. As Abberline and Godley investigate the crimes, they become acquainted with the prostitutes who were friends and colleagues of the victims. Abberline begins to fall in love with Mary Kelly, one of the prostitutes, or as the nobles called them, "unfortunates", being hunted down by Jack the Ripper. Abberline digs deeper and deeper into the conspiracy and attempts to solve the case before Mary Kelly is the next victim. sevenarms In 1888 London, prostitutes living in London's poor and decrepit East End are being butchered by a killer who has come to be known as Jack the Ripper. Scotland Yard Inspector Frederick Abberline and Sergeant Peter Godley investigate the gruesome killings. The evidence suggests that the killer may have had some medical training, but there is reluctance in some quarters to the suggestion that a man of education and class could be involved in such atrocities. Abberline has drug-induced visions, from smoking opium or drinking absinthe, that guide him, but as the investigation continues, he finds links between the aristocracy, the Freemasons, and the senior ranks of Scotland Yard and the medical profession. For Abberline, he develops affections for the beautiful Mary Kelly who is perhaps destined to be the Ripper's last victim. garykmcd It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Apt Pupil (1998)541) A boy blackmails his neighbor after suspecting him to be a Nazi war criminal. Neighborhood boy Todd Bowden (Brad Renfro) discovers that an old man living on his block named Arthur Denker (Sir Ian Mackellan) is a Nazi war criminal. Bowden confronts Denker and offers him a deal: Bowden will not go to the authorities if Denker tells him stories of the concentration camps in World War II. Denker agrees and Bowden starts visiting him regularly. The more stories Bowden hears, the more it affects his personality. Casey Ward <ward@citizen.infi.net> A local high school boy, Todd Bowden, discovers Nazi war criminal Kurt Dussander living in his neighborhood under the assumed name Arthur Denker. Rather than turn Dussander over to the authorities, Todd makes a strange deal where Dussander will tell him "what it felt like" during the Holocaust of World War II in exchange for Todd's silence. Todd becomes an "apt pupil" of the horror stories Dussander tells and the two enter into a bizarre relationship of mixed hate and friendship culminating when Todd helps Dussander cover up a vicious murder. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Todd, an up and coming top graduate, discovers an old Nazi War Criminal living in his town. His morbid curiosity entices him to blackmail the Nazi to tell him more about the war. A strange cat and mouse friendship develops, with disturbing results. Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In southern California in 1984, 16-year-old high school student Todd Bowden (Brad Renfro) discovers that his elderly neighbor, Arthur Denker (Ian McKellen), is really Kurt Dussander a former Nazi Obersturmbannfhrer who is now a fugitive war criminal. Though Bowden threatens to turn Dussander in, the teenager reveals his fascination with Nazi activities during World War II and blackmails the war criminal into sharing stories about the death camps. When he spends more time with the old man, his grades suffer, he loses interest in his girlfriend (Heather McComb), and he conceals his bad grades from his parents. In turn, the Nazi blackmails the young boy into studying to restore his grades, threatening to expose the boy's subterfuge and his dalliance with Nazism to his parents. Dussander even poses as Todd's grandfather and goes to an appointment with Bowden's school counselor Edward French (Ed Schwimmer). Talking about the war crimes affects both the old man and the young boy, and Dussander begins killing animals in his gas oven. Dussander also takes great pride in Bowden's unbelievable turnaround, going from near dropout to straight A's in a matter of weeks. One night, Dussander tries to kill a hobo who sees him in the uniform. When Dussander has a heart attack, he calls Bowden, who finishes the job, cleans up, and calls an ambulance for Dussander. At the hospital, Dussander is recognized by a death camp survivor sharing his room, and he is arrested to be extradited to Israel. Bowden graduates as his school's valedictorian and gives a speech about Icarus, saying, "All great achievements arose from dissatisfaction. It is the desire to do better, to dig deeper, that propels civilization to greatness." The scene is juxtaposed in a montage with Dussander's home being searched and the hobo's corpse being found in the basement. Bowden is briefly questioned about his relationship with Dussander, but he manages to convince the police that he knew nothing of the old man's true identity. At the hospital, Dussander hears a group of Neo-Nazis outside the hospital; realizing his identity has been hopelessly compromised, he commits suicide by giving himself an air embolism. In the final scene, Mr. French learns that the old man who met him on that day was not Bowden's grandfather but a war criminal and confronts him over it. Bowden blackmails French into silence by threatening to accuse him of making inappropriate sexual advances towards him. As Dussander lays dead in his hospital bed, Todd Bowden graduates from high school now a full-blossomed sociopath due to his dalliance with Kurt Dussander. 
 Natural Born Killers (1994)541) Two victims of traumatized childhoods become lovers and psychopathic serial murderers irresponsibly glorified by the mass media. Mickey Knox and Mallory Wilson aren't your typical lovers - after killing her abusive father, they go on a road trip where, every time they stop somewhere, they kill pretty well everyone around them. They do however leave one person alive at every shootout to tell the story and they soon become a media sensation thanks to sensationalized reporting. Told in a highly visual style. garykmcd The misadventures of Mickey and Mallory: outcasts, lovers, and serial killers. They travel across Route 666 conducting psychadelic mass-slaughters not for money, not for revenge, just for kicks. Glorified by the media, the pair become legendary folk heroes; their story told by the single person they leave alive at the scene of each of their slaughters. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Delivery boy Mickey Knox falls in love with customer Mallory Wilson. He soon helps her kill her abusive father and enabling mother, beginning their macabre journey down Route 666. Their M.O.: every few miles, they attack everyone within their site, invariably leaving only one person alive to tell the tale. The two are made famous by unscrupulous reporter Wayne Gale, as they run across the countryside, pursued by the equally sadistic Jack Scagnetti. Just before the trial, a ratings-whoring interview by the same reporter who made them famous leads to pandemonium, not just within the prison itself, but nationwide. A satire of the media, public opinion, and the modern attitude toward violence. T. Brendan Leahy Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Introduction Mickey Knox and his wife Mallory go to a roadside caf in the New Mexico desert. They appear to be normal customers, with Mickey eating key lime pie and Mallory dancing to rock 'n' roll on the jukebox. A group of rednecks arrive and one begins dancing and flirting with Mallory. She encourages him for a moment, then attacks him without provocation by smashing his beer bottle as he drinks from it. A fistfight ensues, with Mallory beating the man. When the redneck's friend intervenes, Mickey cuts off one of the cowboy's fingers and stabs him with a large Bowie-style knife. Mickey and Mallory then begin killing the diner's patrons, culminating in a morbid game of "Eeny, meeny, miny, moe" to decide who lives and who dies among the last 2 customers. After executing their final victim, Mabel the waitress, the couple make sure the only survivor, a cook, remembers their names and promises to tell the authorities who committed the massacre before they embrace and declare their undying love for each other. Part I Mickey and Mallory are in a desert at night. Mallory is reminiscing about when they first met. A flashback shows Mickey as a butcher's deliveryman who came to the house where Mallory lived with her abusive father (Rodney Dangerfield), her neglectful mother (Edie McClurg), and her younger brother Kevin. The flashback is portrayed as a 1950s-type sitcom with a canned laughter track, the "audience" laughing hardest when Mallory is subjected to lewd comments and hints of molestation by her father. Mickey instantly falls in love with Mallory. They leave together, Mickey stealing Mallory's father's car. Mickey is arrested and imprisoned for grand theft auto, but he subsequently escapes a horse work farm during a tornado and returns to Mallory's house. The two kill her father by beating him with a jack handle and drowning him in a fish tank, then burn her mother alive in bed. They spare her ten-year-old brother, Mallory telling him that he is free. They leave to rapturous applause from the "audience." Mickey and Mallory get "married" on the side of a bridge, exchanging snake wedding bands, cutting their palms and mixing their blood which drips down into the river below. They drive to a motel for the night. After watching television, they begin to have sex until Mickey is distracted by a female hostage. Furious with Mickey's notion that they have a threesome, Mallory drives to a nearby gas station where she flirts with the mechanic. They begin to have sex on the hood of a car, but Mallory is angered by his over-aggressive oral sex and shoots him to death. Back at the motel, Mickey rapes the hostage. Part II The pair continue their killing-spree (which bears similarities to Bonnie and Clyde and the Starkweather-Fugate murders), ultimately claiming 48 victims along Route 666 in New Mexico, Colorado and Utah. Pursuing them are two characters who see the murderers as a chance to achieve fame for themselves. The first is a policeman, Detective Jack Scagnetti, who seems particularly fascinated by Mallory. Scagnetti is already a well-known personality, a published author, whose book "Scagnetti on Scagnetti" is a best-seller within law enforcement. Scagnetti has a lifelong obsession with mass murderers after witnessing his mother being shot and killed by Charles Whitman in Austin, Texas when he was eight. Despite his heroic facade, he is actually sociopathic, strangling a prostitute to death in a hotel room after he tries to get too rough with her & she scratches his face. The second follower of the killers is journalist Wayne Gale, an Australian who hosts a show called American Maniacs, which profiles mass murderers. Various clips of Mickey and Mallory are shown, with Gale acting outraged on-screen as he details the pair's crimes, although off-air he clearly regards them as a fantastic way of increasing his show's ratings. It is Gale who is primarily responsible for elevating Mickey and Mallory to hero status, with his show featuring interviews with people around the world expressing their admiration for the killers. Mickey and Mallory become lost in the desert and encounter Warren Red Cloud, a Navajo Indian, and his pre-adolescent grandson. After the two fall asleep, the Navajo, hoping to expel the demon he perceives in Mickey, begins chanting beside the fire, invoking nightmares in Mickey about his abusive parents. Mickey wakes up in a rage and fatally shoots the Navajo before he realizes what he is doing. It is the first time Mallory and Mickey feel guilty for a murder. While fleeing from the scene through the desert, they stray into a field of rattlesnakes and are both bitten. They drive to a drugstore to find snake antivenin, but the pharmacist sets off the silent alarm before Mickey kills him. Police cars pull up. Mallory is captured immediately and is subsequently beaten by the sadistic and brutish police. A gunfight breaks out between Mickey and the others. When Scagnetti arrives, he tells Mickey that unless he surrenders he'll cut off Mallory's breasts, slashing her a few times with his knife. Mickey gives up his gun, but he attacks Scagnetti with a knife. The police use tazers on him, and the scene ends with Mickey and Mallory being beaten by a group of vengeful policemen while Scagnetti excitedly looks on. Part III The story picks up one year later. The homicidal couple have been imprisoned -- a trial is only hinted at in footage provided by Gale. The two have killed several people in prison, including inmates and guards. Mallory herself has murdered her psychiatrist. Both are due to be moved to a mental hospital after being declared insane. Scagnetti arrives at the prison and encounters Dwight McClusky, the sleazy and abusive warden of the prison. The two devise a plan to murder the two criminals: McClusky will arrange for Scagnetti to be the driver for the Knox's transfer. Alone with the pair, Scagnetti will kill them, claiming they tried to escape. Wayne Gale has persuaded Mickey to agree to a live interview, to air immediately after the Super Bowl. Mallory is held in solitary confinement elsewhere in the prison, awaiting her transport to the mental hospital. In preparation for his TV appearance, Mickey shaves his head. During the interview, Mickey gives a speech about how murder provides enlightenment and declares himself a "natural born killer." His words inspire the other inmates (who are watching the interview on TV in the recreation room) and incite them to riot. When word of the riot reaches McClusky, he orders the interview terminated over Gale's violent protests. Mickey is left alone with Gale, the TV crew and several guards. Using a lengthy joke as a diversion, Mickey overpowers a guard and grabs his shotgun and kills most of the guards and some of Gale's crew. Mickey takes the survivors hostage, leading them through the prison riot, intending to reunite with Mallory. Gale follows, excitedly giving a live television report as people are beaten and killed around him. Inmates torture and murder prisoners and guards alike. During the interview and outbreak of the riot, Scagnetti is in Mallory's cell, attempting to seduce her. Mallory plays along for a short time, then attacks Scagnetti violently, smashing his face against the wall and breaking his nose. The guards and Scagnetti subdue her. Still live on national television, Mickey bursts into Mallory's cell and engages in a brief Mexican standoff with Scagnetti, eventually feigning a concession. Mallory then approaches Scagnetti from behind and slashes his throat with a shank. Mickey then reveals that the shotgun was unloaded, much to Scagnetti's horror. Mallory picks up Scagnetti's loaded gun and kills him. They continue to escape through the riot-torn prison, with two guards as hostages. The remainder of Gale's TV crew are killed. Gale himself snaps and begins to shoot at the guards, claiming to be "alive for the first time in [his] life" while calling his wife and telling her he's been cheating on her with another woman. After being rescued by a mysterious prisoner named Owen Traft, the trio of Mickey, Mallory and Gale run into Warden McClusky and a heavily armed posse of guards. Cavanaugh, the guard they'd taken hostage, is shot to death by McClusky's men. In retaliation, Mallory shoots Gale thru his hand & they retreat, taking cover in a blood-splattered shower room. Gale calls his wife and tells her he is leaving her. He calls his mistress to tell her he will see her later, however, she hangs up on him. McClusky threatens to storm the shower room. Mickey in turn, duct-tapes shotguns to the necks of Gale & a guard, Homolka, threatening to kill both on live TV. The prisoners walk out the front door. McClusky and his guards are massacred by hordes of inmates who burst into the area. They tear McClusky apart, cutting his head off and displaying it on a spike (a shot removed from the theatrical showing and seen in the director's cut only). After the escape, Owen is never seen or mentioned again. Mickey and Mallory steal a van and kill the last guard. Escaping to a rural location, they give a final interview to Wayne Gale before, much to his surprise and horror, they tell him he must also die. Gale futilely attempts to change their minds, finally appealing to their trademark practice of leaving one witness to tell the tale. Mickey inform hims they are leaving his camera as the witness. Gale accepts his fate and extends his arms as if crucified as they shoot him numerous times while his unattended camera continues to roll. The couple are shown several years later in an RV, with Mickey driving and Mallory (who is pregnant) watching their two children play. 