nm0009355:

 Aventuras de um Paraba (1982)Summaries Young guy from the poor Northeast region of Brazil comes to Rio de Janeiro to try his luck. Naturally, he is faced with many adversities along the way. The poor Z Branco travels from Paraba and arrives in Rio de Janeiro to live with his friend Z Preto, who is a factory's worker, in a room in a slum expecting to win and have a better life in Rio. Z gets temporary work; begs in front of a church; sells ice-cream on the beach; sings in a TV show; but life is not easy in the big city. Meanwhile he saves the blind Branca while crossing the street and they have a crush on each other. But Branca is courted by the dangerous former police detective Miguel Matoso. When Preto is fired from his job, he becomes a criminal and moves to a hideout. Meanwhile, Z has an affair with photographer Dbora, but he does not forget Branca. During the Carnival, Z sees Branca with Miguel and he kidnaps the girl, and the result is tragic. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 O Primo Baslio (1988 )Summaries Arriving in Lisbon from London, Baslio falls in love with his cousin Lusa, but he must go to Brazil, promising he will eventually marry her. As time goes by, he sends her a letter ending the relationship and she marries Jorge, an engineer. One of Jorge's rich aunts dies, leaving him a small fortune and her former maid Juliana. Juliana gets hold of love letters between Lusa and Baslio and starts to blackmail her employer. lukejoplin@infolink.com.br It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Brs Cubas (1985)Summaries Irreverent adaptation of great writer Machado de Assis's masterpiece "Memrias Pstumas de Brs Cubas" ("Brs Cubas's Posthumous Memories"). A dead man tells about his love life and adventures, specially his affair with Virglia, a dubious married woman. <lukejoplin@infolink.com.br> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Rio Babilonia (1982)Summaries Public relations man is invited to guide American millionaire during his stay in Rio de Janeiro. In this course, he gets involved in the most bizarre situations, from orgiastic mega-parties and sexy mnages-a-trois to confrontations with the police, meetings with drug dealers and movie stars, facing corruption and even murder. Anonymous An allegoric view of social and sexual relations in Rio de Janeiro n the early 80s, evoking biblical Babylonic pagan orgies in a hedonistic almost gomorrhic way, taking place near Babilnia slums (favela) which is located just behind Leme/Copacabana beaches. fabreu@rio.com.br It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 