nm0004883:

 Shooter (I) (2007)541) A marksman living in exile is coaxed back into action after learning of a plot to kill the President. After being double crossed for the attempt and on the run, he sets out for the real killer and the truth. Bob Lee Swagger, one of the world's great marksmen and the son of a Medal of Honor recipient, is a loner living in the Rockies. He's left the military, having been hung out to dry in a secret Ethiopian mission a few years before, when he's recruited by a colonel to help find a way that the President of the US might be assassinated in one of three cities in the next two weeks. He does his work, but the shot is fired notwithstanding and Bob Lee is quickly the fall guy: wounded and hunted by thousands, he goes to ground and, aided by two unlikely allies, searches for the truth and for those who double-crossed him. All roads lead back to Ethiopia. <jhailey@hotmail.com> A top Marine sniper who previously abandoned the military after a routine mission gave way to tragedy is double-crossed by the government after reluctantly being pressured back into service in Training Day director Antoine Fuqua's adaptation of Stephen Hunter's novel Point of Impact. There was a time when Bob Lee Swagger (Mark Wahlberg) was the best trigger-man in the military, but after growing disillusioned with the system, he disappeared without a trace. When high-profile government officials locate him at his remote mountain retreat following an extensive search, Swagger is coerced back into service in order to stop a determined assassin from taking out the President of the United States. In the process of carrying out his mission, however, Swagger suddenly realizes that he has been betrayed when he becomes the subject of a nationwide manhunt. Now wounded and desperate to reveal the culprits behind the conspiracy before it's too late, Swagger sets into motion a revenge plan that will send shock waves rippling to some of the most powerful and corrupt leaders in the free world. Having seen his spotter buddy Donnie Fenn die as disloyal brass abandoned them on mission, US marines champion sharpshooter Bob Lee Swagger resigned to live in the Wyoming Rockies, alone with his dog. Colonel Isaac Johnson uses his fellow Medal of Honor reputation and patriot appeal to lure Bob back for a short mission: working out how a 'suspected' sniper could kill the president, speeching at a Philadelphia venue. After his report, the other speeching guest of honor, Ethiopian archbishop Desmond Mutumbo, is killed 'by accident'. A local cop fails to eliminate Bob, who is shot twice and handcuffs rookie special agent Nick Memphis to steal his FBI car, which he drives after a long chase into the river. Unable to treat his wounds beyond cleansing burns, he drives to Donnie's widow Sarah Fenn in Kentucky. She helps sew him up and assists his search for the culprits, later joining forces with Nick, who faces dishonorable discharge or worse but smelled a rat and dares dig for the nasty truth on Johnson's White House ploy, rescued by Bob before a torture team was to dispose of Nick. Taking on the schemers proves dangerous for all. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the film opens, US Special Forces sniper Bob Lee Swagger (Mark Wahlberg) and his scout Donny Fenn (Lane Garrison) lie in wait in the hills of Ethiopia, ready to deliver covering fire for a US convoy heading back to base through hostile country. They pass the time with small talk, and Donny looks at a photo of his wife, Sarah (Kate Mara). Far below, a lone truck carrying a machine gun in the back speeds towards the American convoy. Swagger takes out the shooter and driver, each with a single shot to the head. It seems like the mission is over as the Americans make their way down the road until a horde of hostile militia appear, firing on the soldiers. Donny relays target information while Swagger systematically picks off numerous hostiles, allowing the US forces to escape. Protecting the convoy has revealed the sniper's position, and soon the two snipers are under heavy fire. Back at base, their commanding officer is more concerned about avoiding detection, as the Americans aren't supposed to be in the country, and Swagger and Donny are abandoned, left to fend for themselves, left for dead. An enemy helicopter begins to strafe their position. Donny is killed. Swagger fires futilely at the helicopter with his sniper rifle until he uncovers a Barret 50 caliber VBM82A3 SASR, and returns fire on the helicopter, bringing it down in flames. The smoke engulfs the screen as the helicopter crashes and explodes. Three years later Swagger is a private citizen, living in the mountains, a recluse from the world that abandoned him. Unshaven and long haired, he lives alone; his only companion his dog, trained to open the fridge and take out a cold beer for Swagger as he returns to his cabin. Sharing a slurp of the beer with his dog, Swagger turns on his PC and the Internet, looking at news of a world that mostly has him shaking his head. At a military office, the wheelchair-bound Michael Sandor (Rade Serbedzija), Colonel Isaac Johnson (Danny Glover), Jack Payne (Elias Koteas), and Louis Dobbler (Jonathan Walker) are planning an op: Sandor recommends Swagger, and they discuss his past... this lost soul, covert-ops hero now turned loner, seems perfect for their needs. Bouncing up the woodland track, Johnson and his men drive out to meet Swagger. Alerted by his barking dog, Swagger is alerted as the men approach his cabin. Johnson introduces himself to Swagger, flaunting his own Medal of Honor. Tension mounts, as Swagger is not interested in talking, and when Payne tries to lure the dog to him, Swagger warns him off. Tension escalates as Payne reaches slowly down towards his gun and Swagger readies a hidden blade. Johnson calms the situation, convincing Swagger to give him five-minutes. Payne and Dobbler wait outside as Johnson explains their presence: they have received information about a planned assassination attempt on the president and, with a mole in one of their agencies, they've turned for help to Swagger. One of their few intelligence clues is that the assassin's shot will be taken from over a mile, a shot which only a few men are capable of doing. Still Swagger wants nothing to do with the plan, but Johnson insists. The president will travel to three different cities, and Johnson wants Swagger to travel to each and scout potential places for a sniper. Feelings of patriotism, or perhaps habit begin to change Swaggers mind. Still, as Johnson prepares to leave, Swagger takes a picture of as he admires their truck's engine. As they drive back down the mountain, Swagger's professional suspicion is understood by Johnson and his men they know he didn't take a picture of the engine, but of their license plate. But he's agreed to their plan. Swagger sets up a can of beef stew and practices the beyond a mile shot, nailing it with complete accuracy. Swagger cuts his hair and trims his beard. As he cleans his guns he tells his dog that he'll be gone for a couple of days. True to his word, Swagger scouts each location in turn, reporting back to Johnson that the likely location is Philadelphia. Johnson wants Swagger there to help catch the assassin. Spooling forward to the day of the speech, snipers are everywhere, along with federal agents, one of whom is rookie FBI Special Agent Nick Memphis (Michael Pena). Swagger stands in a nearby office with Johnson, Payne, and Dobbler, and a pudgy Philadelphia Police Department cop, Officer Stanley Timmons (Alan C. Peterson). Johnson claims the shooter is in a church tower nearby, and says that they will take him down just after the president begins to speak, but Swagger's eye is taken by the fact that Timmons' gun is not properly holstered. The president is scheduled to speak immediately after the Archbishop of Ethiopia, who is accepting an award. As the president approaches the stand, Swagger urges Johnson to have his men take down the shooter immediately, but at that moment events lurch forward: the Archbishop is shot in the head, and Timmons suddenly shoots Swagger in the shoulder. Swagger falls out of a window, landing hard on a glass ceiling below. Timmons leans out and shoots Swagger in the stomach, driving him through the glass ceiling. As Payne's team men pack up their things he chews out Timmons for not finishing off Swagger. They leave behind Swagger's sniper rifle and a bullet. Payne orders Timmons to finish Swagger off. As Swagger flees, he stumbles into Memphis, asking for his help. Memphis draws his gun but Swagger flips him over hard on the ground. He handcuffs Memphis to a gate, telling that he was set up and Timmons is in on it. Grabbing Memphis's gun, Swagger drives off in his car. Timmons catches up to Memphis, and alerts the cops that Swagger has stolen an FBI car. Now everyone is searching for Swagger, and he drives into a car wash to hide from the helicopters. While his car is being washed, Swagger hops in the back seat and cuts a hole to the trunk, where he grabs a medic kit and tends to his wounds. Speeding out of the car wash he is seen again by the cops and a chase ensues. The back end of his car is smashed by a pickup truck, causing him to spin around and Swagger finds himself directly in front of a line of police officers. Throwing the car into reverse as the cops open fire on him, Swagger drives through a construction site and directly into the Delaware River. The cops recover the car, but no Swagger. He is pulled alongside a boat, and makes it underneath a bridge. From there, he hot-wires a truck and takes off. Meanwhile, FBI agents watch a news report of the assassination attempt and of Swagger's escape. They are all not happy that Swagger overpowered Memphis so easily, even though Swagger is highly trained and Memphis is three weeks out of the academy. While meeting with his superior officer and other agents, Memphis tells them what Swagger said to him, but they all say that he didn't hear anything. Memphis will be put up for review. Swagger drives to a store and knocks out the power so that the store owner cannot recognize Swagger, then goes inside and buys supplies. Swagger drives to an empty car repair station and makes an IV for himself using the supplies. Swagger drives all night to Kentucky, where he goes to Sarah's home. She's startled by him coming by, since she's seen the news about what happened. Sarah lets him come inside, and he apologizes for not coming to meet her after Donny died. She did receive his letter though, along with flowers each year on the anniversary of Donny's death. Swagger gives Sarah a list of things to get, and sends her out to get them. She eventually buys everything, and he quickly instructs her how to treat his bullet wounds before passing out. Even though shes not a nurse, she does a decent job of cleaning him up. Meanwhile, Memphis looks further into the assassination attempt and discusses it with fellow agent Alourdes Galindo (Rhona Mitra), who tells him to stop looking into it. The facts don't add up for Memphis: For one thing, Swagger is a top-notch sniper capable of impossible shots, and Memphis doesn't think Swagger wouldn't have missed the President (the assumed target) in the conditions at the time if he'd been the one who did it. Also making him suspicious is the fact that the ballistics report came in literally ten minutes after the shooting, while the scene was still locked down and before the pursuit of Swagger could even begin. Furthermore, the story that Officer Timmons gave is questionable: he claims that he saw a rifle barrel sticking out a window, but Memphis knows that no sniper does that. They instead sit back further in the room, and shoot from there, which reduces the risk of getting hit by return fire from enemy soldiers. As if that weren't enough, he's told that Officer Timmons was shot and killed by a "mugger" just hours after the shooting, making him think that Timmons was indeed in on the frame-up and was killed to keep quiet. Memphis goes to all of the locations that Swagger went to, and goes to the church tower where he sees specific markings in the dust. He's convinced that Swagger isn't the guy they should be after, since he would not have missed the president and hit the Ethiopian Archbishop. Memphis also goes online to a gun chat room, where he finds out exactly what kind of gun was used in the assassination attempt. During this time, he begins to notice that people are watching him. Swagger eventually gets better, and tells Sarah that he's going to go after the guys who set him up. Sarah informs him that news reports are saying that Swagger killed his dog and tried to kill the president, with pictures released of him scouting out each location. Swagger is pissed that they killed his dog and plans to see this through to the end. He blames himself for Donny's death, but Sarah slaps him in the face and tells him that Donny fully knew what he got into. Sarah gives Swagger Donny's first sniper rifle and volunteers to help him. Their first course of action is to find Memphis. Sarah wears a disguise and meets Memphis in a public place, handing him the photographs of Johnson's license plate. Swagger watches across the street, but is seen by police who think that he's suspicious. Two cops approach him, one with an attack dog. After Sarah and Memphis leave, Swagger throws coffee into a cop's face and makes the dog attack the cop. He then throws the cop and dog through a window while beating the crap out of the other police officer. He ditches his jacket and walks away. Memphis sneaks into a restricted area of the FBI office and tries to find information about the license plate number, but he's blocked out and requires a delta level clearance. Galindo tells him that he's going to be fired if he keeps looking into this, and starts to notice the faults as well in the facts of the Philadelphia shooting. She winds up telling him how to get the security clearance though. Dobbler informs Johnson about the internet chat room, and someone trying to access delta level security information. They realize that Memphis is looking where he shouldn't, and plan to take him out. As Memphis is walking on a bridge, he is abducted by masked men in a van. Memphis is severely beaten, and the men put him in a rig that will make him shoot himself. Swagger shoots each man one by one using Donny's rifle, and frees Memphis, who knows that Swagger was set up and agrees to help him. Johnson hears that Memphis didn't die and knows that he's now working with Swagger. He orders his men to look deep into Swaggers past. Memphis drives them to Tennessee, where they visit an old humorous marksman expert. Swagger asks the expert who could make a shot beyond a mile that's still alive. Apart from Swagger, there's one man. The sniper used to be sadistic, just shooting to wound and killing everyone who tried to help the wounded. He must have killed hundreds of people. He was in a building that was destroyed, and some believed him to be dead. The sniper is Michael Sandor, the handicapped Russian that's working with Johnson. Johnson knows that Swagger is going to look for the shooter, and so lets Sandor act as bait to lure Swagger out. Dobbler found that Swagger has sent flowers to Sarah each year, and believes that she helped him. Johnson orders them to get her. Swagger and Memphis go to a big hardware store and buy lots of supplies. They then drive out to the woods where they make napalm, pipe-bombs, and gas bombs. Swagger teaches Memphis to use a sniper rifle, and makes him practice while he sets off bombs nearby. Meanwhile, Sarah thinks that someones in her house and takes out her shotgun. A henchman appears with a silenced pistol, but is blasted through the chest by Sarah. Payne sneaks up behind Sarah and makes her put down the shotgun. He asks her where Swagger is, and beats her up. Elsewhere, Johnson meets with corrupt senator Charles Meachum (Ned Beatty) and gets his approval to fly in over twenty soldiers to kill Swagger. Swagger and Memphis find where Sandor is, and plan an attack. Memphis remains in position near the forest while Swagger moves closer to the cabin. He sneaks up behind a guard and stabs him in the back, then sets up some bombs. He stabs another guard through the chin, and again places more bombs. Swagger makes quick work of the third guard, and shoots the fourth in the head. Sandor is all alone now, and reveals to Swagger what really happened. The president was never in any danger and the archbishop was the target, because he was going to talk about Americans committing genocide to build an oil pipeline. The best way to kill the archbishop was to make it look like a failed attempt on the president. Swagger unwittingly was part of the genocide, since back in Ethiopia, Donny and him were covering the soldiers that murdered the villagers. Swagger asks about Johnson, but Sandor doesn't know what his real name is, though he does know that he works for Meachum. Soldiers surround the cabin, and Memphis warns Swagger. Sandor pulls out a pistol and shoots himself in the head. Swagger orders Memphis to set off the pipe-bombs, and then the gas bombs. Two soldiers come into the house, and Swagger shoots both dead. Memphis sets off the bombs, and Swagger shoots his way out of the cabin. Memphis covers Swagger, and a big shootout ensues. Swagger makes it to Memphis, and a helicopter shows up to kill them. Swagger thinks back to Donny's death, and fires upon the helicopter. Both men run a safe distance and set off the napalm bombs, blowing up the remaining soldiers and destroying the helicopter. The incident is covered up though, since all the bodies were removed before the authorities show up. Memphis calls the FBI field office and talks to his superior officer, informing him that he has Swagger in custody. He talks long enough for them to trace the call. Swagger then calls Johnson, who tells him that he wants to meet. Johnson reveals that he has Sarah, and Swagger reveals that he recorded Sandor's confession about everything. Johnson agrees to meet, but wants to see him coming from a long way off. Swagger requests that Meachum be present. The meeting is in the snowy mountains where Johnson, Meachum, Payne, and Sarah are present. Payne rigged a shotgun to his hand and is holding Sarah at gunpoint. They see Swagger walking towards them in the distance, and he is immediately shot in the chest by a hidden sniper. Johnson and Meachum are pleased, but their hidden snipers are shot through the head one by one. Turns out Swagger was posing as a hidden sniper while Memphis was walking towards Johnson. Memphis pulls out his armor and continues to walk towards them. Swagger aims carefully, and destroys Payne's shotgun while blowing off his thumb. Payne laughs in shock, and then Swagger blows off his arm. Memphis disarms Johnson and Meachum, and Swagger finally approaches them. Sarah grabs a pistol and shoots Payne to death. Meachum offers Swagger a job, but he refuses. Memphis calls in the FBI to come to their location, and Swagger burns Sandor's recording. Memphis tells him that it proves he's innocent, but Swagger knows that whoever turns over the recording is dead. No one there is innocent, and so they wait for the FBI to show up. Some time passes, and Swagger is brought to a meeting in the Department of Justice. Present are the Attorney General, Johnson, Memphis, and Sarah. Memphis shakes Swaggers hand and slips him unseen by others in the room. In front of him is his sniper rifle, and Swagger's hands are freed. He asks if the rifle has been tampered with by the FBI or any other authority, but it hasn't. He turns to Memphis, asking whether he believes in Swagger's innocence whether he trusts him with his life. Memphis answers yes, and Swagger loads a bullet into the rifle, aims at Memphis, and pulls the trigger to a resounding "click", as nothing happens. The truth of the situation is clear: before he left to scout locations, he removed the firing pins from all his weapons (including the rifle in front of him that was supposedly used in the shooting). It was impossible, then, that he had used his weapon to kill the Ethiopian Archbishop. Clearly innocent, Swagger and Memphis then argue that the real guilty parties in the room is Johnson, tying him to the mass grave in Ethiopia. But the Attorney General has no jurisdiction over crimes Johnson may or may not have committed in other countries. Johnson is allowed to leave, telling Swagger that he had won again. The Attorney General frees Swagger, convinced that he's innocent. He tells Swagger that sometimes justice isn't fair but we don't live in the Old West anymore where you can clean things up with a gun. They exchange knowing looks. Some time later, Johnson celebrates his victory with Meachum and Dobbler in a remote cabin. Meachum and Johnson laugh about winning again, and Meachum plans to move Johnson out of the country to fix another problem they have. As Dobbler begins to explain his next mission, blood splatters on his face. A dead guard falls down directly in front of him. Johnson realizes that Swagger is there, but is shot through the chest. He dies very painfully. Dobbler turns off the lights, and Meachum orders him to get the car. Meachum's SUV explodes, and the men panic. Swagger moves underneath the cabin, and Dobbler tells the remaining bodyguard that Swagger is under the floor. Swagger shoots Dobbler through the knee from under the floor, and shoots the guard to death from below. He then enters the cabin, where Dobbler pleads with Swagger to spare his life since he didn't do anything. Swagger shoots Dobbler in the chest and approaches Meachum. "I'm a Senator: You can't do this!" cries Dobbler, as Swagger blows his brains out with a pistol, before placing it in Johnsons hands. Swagger breaks the gas line of the cabin, and as Swagger leaves, the cabin explodes. The film ends with Swagger, Sarah behind the wheel, driving into the distance. 
 Argo (2012)761) Acting under the cover of a Hollywood producer scouting a location for a science fiction film, a CIA agent launches a dangerous operation to rescue six Americans in Tehran during the U.S. hostage crisis in Iran in 1979. In 1979, the American embassy in Iran was invaded by Iranian revolutionaries and several Americans were taken hostage. However, six managed to escape to the official residence of the Canadian Ambassador and the CIA was ordered to get them out of the country. With few options, exfiltration expert Tony Mendez devised a daring plan: create a phony Canadian film project looking to shoot in Iran and smuggle the Americans out as its production crew. With the help of some trusted Hollywood contacts, Mendez created the ruse and proceeded to Iran as its associate producer. However, time was running out with the Iranian security forces closing in on the truth while both his charges and the White House had grave doubts about the operation themselves. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) After Iranian militants stormed and took control of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran in November 1979 taking 56 Americans as hostages, six Americans managed to get away and took refuge in the home of Canadian Ambassador Ken Taylor. After two months of the Canadians putting their lives on the line everyday, the CIA and the US State Department try to come up with a plan to get their people out. Tony Mendez is an "ex filtration" specialist who proposes that they pose as a Canadian film crew scouting locations for a science fiction movie called Argo. Using Hollywood connections, Mendez creates a back story for the movie - ads in Variety, casting calls, inviting he media to a production launch - and then heads off to Iran to lead the six Americans out. garykmcd In late 1979, anti-American sentiments are running high in Iran due to the US harboring the ailing former Shah of Iran, who the US put into place in the 1950s, and who many Iranians saw as causing much hardship and death for residents over his close to thirty year reign, solely for his and his family's own benefit. In November, Iranian militants, working under the name of its new leader, the Ayatollah Khomeini , are able to break through the secured perimeter of the US Embassy in Tehran. The fifty plus embassy staff are able to burn or shred most of their documents before they are taken hostage. What the Iranians are unaware of is that six embassy staff members escaped just prior to the raid, and managed to take refuge in the home of the Canadian ambassador, Ken Taylor , and his wife, Pat. Fast forward two months... The situation has not changed, and the State Department has brought in the services of the CIA, both to free the hostages and extricate the six in hiding. Tony Mendez with the CIA is the lead consultant on the six. Although many, in his mind, implausible plans are hatched to extricate the six, Tony eventually comes up with what some others believe is an implausible plan: have the six, under Canadian passports, pretend to be a film crew in Iran scouting for locations, with Tony part of that film crew to lead the six out himself. On the advice of Tony's Hollywood advisors, make-up artist John Chambers and producer Lester Siegel, Tony's plan not only has to fool the Iranians to work, it has to fool the entire world, who need to believe that this film is actually in pre-production. Beyond the need to get past the militants, especially at Tehran Airport where they are vigilant about capturing any Americans trying to escape, the plan has many obstacles to success, including: the six, who need to get up to speed basically overnight on their cover stories, some who predetermine certain failure, which if does happen means torturous death; competing priorities in Washington between the six and the fifty plus hostages; the Taylors' Iranian housekeeper, Sahar, who comes to the realization that the Taylors' supposed Canadian house guests are not who they say they are; and a mug shot book of embassy staff among the shredded materials, which Iranian sweat shop workers are tasked with putting back together, and which if achieved would identify the fact that the militants are minus six people from among their hostages. Huggo In 1979, the Islamic Revolution overthrows the dictator Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, who came to power sponsored by the United States government, and the leader of the revolution, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, assumes the power. The Iranian revolutionaries invade the American Embassy in Tehran and the American officials are taken hostages. However, six officials flee from the Embassy and are secretly hosted by the Canadian Ambassador at his residence in Tehran and the CIA directors summon the agent Tony Mendez, who is an expert in bringing American citizens back to their country, to plot a rescue plan to save the group. Tony Mendez plots the most incredible plan to bring the six officials: to create a fake Canadian film to be shot in Iran and include the officials in the production crew. Without other alternative, Tony Mendez receives green light from his superiors and travels to Hollywood to set in motion his almost impossible mission to rescue the group. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil November 4, 1979. In retaliation for Jimmy Carter granting Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi asylum in the United States, an angry mob of Iranian militants, supporters of the new leader, Ayatollah Khomeini , storm the U.S. embassy in Tehran, taking 52 Americans hostage. Now, as six escapees find themselves trapped in the home of the Canadian ambassador, Ken Taylor , the ex-filtration expert, Tony Mendez, comes up with an impossible plan, proposing that they all pose as members of a Canadian film crew scouting for shooting locations for "Argo", their latest science-fiction movie. With the aid of the Hollywood veterans, make-up artist, John Chambers and producer, Lester Siegel, Mendez embarks on a dangerous mission to create the perfect illusion, and sneak the team out in broad daylight. But, will things go as planned during the bold Operation Argo? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with a brief history of the Persian Empire, leading up to more modern times, when the Iranian leadership was overthrown in 1953, with the assistance of the United States and Great Britain. The pro-Western Shah of Iran led the country until 1979, when he was overthrown among great resentment among the people for his continuing efforts to westernize the country and for his repressive policies. Ayatollah Khomeini assumed control of the country. The Shah was exiled to Egypt and later went to the U.S. to receive cancer treatments. Although President Carter allowed the Shah to come to the U.S. for humanitarian reasons, the people of Iran viewed it as more fuel for the anti-American fire. On November 4, 1979, militants are protesting outside the U.S. embassy in Tehran. They are demanding the Shah be returned to Iran to stand trial. When some of the protesters manage to scale the boundary fence, orders are given to start destroying all embassy records, some by shredding and some by burning. Equipment is also destroyed. The head of embassy security attempts to go outside and reason with the militants, but he's immediately captured and taken hostage. The marines charged with guarding the embassy are armed, but their leader cautions them not to shoot anyone. They limit their efforts to the use of tear gas, but once the chains on the outside gates are removed, the militants storm the embassy and take 66 of the 72 diplomats and embassy staff hostage. Six of the staff, in the only building with a direct exit to the street, are able to escape and hide in the home of the Canadian ambassador Ken Taylor ( Victor Garber ). (Fourteen of the hostages were later released, mostly because they were from countries already considered repressed by the U.S., or for health reasons.) One of the militants comes across a poster photo of the Ayatollah with several darts in it, adding to the furor of the moment. In the following days, weeks and months, the hostages were blindfolded and paraded in front of TV cameras and jeering crowds. They were not allowed to speak or read, and they were rarely permitted to change clothes. Throughout the crisis there was a frightening uncertainty about their fate: The hostages never knew whether they were going to be tortured, murdered or set free. Sixty-nine days into the crisis, the Canadians are increasingly uncomfortable with keeping the six Americans at their embassy. Word is that the Iranians have set up sweat shops utilizing Iranian children to go through the laborious process of piecing together the shredded documents. It's only a matter of time before they are able to realize that not all embassy staff have been accounted for and if they reconstruct photographs, they will know who to look for. With the six escapees' situation thus far kept secret, the U.S. State Department begins to explore options for "exfiltrating" them from Iran. Tony Mendez ( Ben Affleck ), a CIA operations specialist, is brought in for consultation. Mendez criticizes the proposals submitted to that point, but he also doesn't have any better plan to offer. Then, one day he is at home watching the film "Battle for the Planet of the Apes" on TV with his son, and he's inspired to devise a plan to have the escapees pose as Canadian filmmakers, scouting "exotic" locations in Iran for a new sci-fi film. That would provide them a legitimate reason to leave the country. Mendez and his supervisor Jack O'Donnell ( Bryan Cranston ) contact John Chambers ( John Goodman ), a Hollywood make-up artist who has previously crafted disguises for the CIA. Realizing they'll need as much legitimacy as possible to make the effort believable, Chambers contacts the film producer Lester Siegel ( Alan Arkin ). Initially skeptical, Siegel eventually agrees to help and together they set up a phony film studio, "Studio 6," publicize their plans, and establish the pretense of developing Argo, a "science fantasy" in the style of Star Wars, to lend credibility to the group's cover story. The student militants threaten to try the 52 hostages as spies and carry out appropriate punishments. They go so far as to take a small group of hostages, tie them up, blindfold them, and line them up in preparation for execution by firing squad. The weapons are fired, but they are not loaded, so it turned out to be a cruel hoax. Martial law appears to be in effect throughout Iran, under the rule of the Ayatollah, with opposition members in some cases being shot or hung from the booms of construction cranes, after what amounts to trial via kangaroo courts. Tensions rise as the Iranian housekeeper at the Canadian Embassy is starting to ask questions about the six "guests", such as why they never leave the residence. As he offers the best of what seem to be nothing but bad proposals to effect a rescue of the six Americans, Mendez ultimately receives approval from the Secretary of State to proceed with his fictitious movie plan. He travels to Iran via Istanbul. Posing as a producer for Argo, Mendez enters Iran and links up with the six escapees. He provides them with Canadian passports and fake identities to prepare them to get through security at the airport when it comes time to leave. Although afraid to trust Mendez's scheme, they reluctantly go along with it, knowing that Mendez is risking his own life too, and convinced that it is their only option. Each of the six is tasked with assuming a new identity, involving some use of physical disguise and memorizing details about their new personal histories. The plan is for the group go out in public for a day to scout the local bazaar as a potential filming site. That is intended to add credence to their cover story, then they will leave the country the following day. The visit at the bazaar takes a bad turn when a local businessman takes exception at one of the women in the group taking photos. Fortunately, the group's Iranian culture contact is able to get them away from the increasingly hostile crowd, but the incident is very upsetting to everyone. When it's learned that President Carter has authorized a Delta Force military rescue attempt of the 52 hostages, Mendez is told by O'Donnell that his smaller operation has been canceled, so as to avoid any potential conflicts. Mendez is furious. Because he feels personally responsible for the fate of the six, he decides to go ahead with the plan. That night, Mendez and the six imbibe heavily in alcohol as they attempt to calm their nerves and prepare to either escape or die the next day. The next morning, Mendez calls O'Donnell on a secure phone and tells him he's going ahead with the plan, then hangs up before O'Donnell can try to talk him out of it. O'Donnell is forced to scramble to get word of Mendez's decision to the secretaries of state and defense, and ultimately to President Carter, who is the only person who can re-authorize the purchase of tickets for Mendez and the six on a Swissair flight out of Tehran. A member of the Ayatollah's regime goes to visit the housekeeper at the Canadian Embassy. Fortunately, her story provides continuing cover for the six U.S. embassy employees, as she lies and tells the official that the six had only been at the residence for two days. She must now find a way out of the country for her own safety (she goes to Iraq). The Canadian ambassador and his wife leave for the airport shortly after Mendez and the six do. Tension rises at the airport for Mendez and the six. As they check in for their boarding passes, there is no record of any flight reservations. President Carter was just in the process of re-authorizing the mission. Mendez has no way of knowing this, but he asks the ticket agent to check again. This time, the reservations appear and they receive their boarding passes. At the next security check for passports, a skeptical security official is reluctant to approve the six to continue on their way, as there is no original record of their having arrived in Iran two days before, just the carbon copies the six have with them. The official only changes his mind when a letter from the Iranian Minister of Cultural Works is handed to him. That letter provided authorization for the group to come to Iran. As the group approaches the third tier of security at the airport, a member of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard is checking passports and boarding passes at the gate. He directs the six to a nearby room. The guard is also suspicious as to who they really are and what they are doing there. One of the six speaks Farsi and engages the guard in a dialogue about who they are and their reason for being in Iran. He produces copies of some of the movies' storyboards, and a copy of a newspaper advertisement for the movie. Mendez hands the guard a business card, for the fake production company back in Los Angeles, and tells him they can confirm the group's authenticity. The guard examines the newspaper and places a call to the number on the card. However, Siegel and Chambers have been delayed from returning to their office by some ongoing filming taking place at the adjacent stage. Just as the guard is about to hang up the phone, Chambers answers. The guard asks to speak with Mendez. Chambers tells the caller that Mendez is out of country on a scouting trip. The guard hangs up and returns to the gate to authorize the group to proceed aboard. Meanwhile, the children's sweat shop work had successfully re-constructed a photo of one of the six which was then matched to a surreptitious photo taken of the man at the bazaar the day before. Revolutionary Guards rush to the Canadian Embassy to find it abandoned and all the equipment destroyed. The group boards the plane just before the Iranian guards at the airport are informed of the ruse. As the 747 taxis down the runway, it is chased by two Iranian police cars and a truck filled with Revolutionary Guards. The plane is going too fast for them to get in front of it. Mendez and the hostages breathe a sigh of relief only when the plane has left Iranian airspace. That was day 87 of the hostage crisis. To protect the hostages remaining in Tehran from possible retaliation, all U.S. involvement in the rescue is suppressed, giving full credit to the Canadian government and its ambassador. Iranian government officials are very unhappy with the Canadians. Back in the U.S., as Mendez is turning in his mission-related documents for storage at a CIA facility, he decides to keep one of the fictional movie story boards. He places it on a shelf in his son's bedroom, among other models and toys related to sci-fi movies. Mendez is awarded the Intelligence Star, but due to the classified nature of the mission, he would not be able to keep the medal, or tell anyone that he'd received it. That changed in 1997, when President Clinton declassified the details of the event. John Chambers was awarded CIA's Intelligence Medal of Merit for his involvement in the "Canadian Caper." On Election Day, one year and two days after the hostage crisis began, Ronald Reagan defeated Jimmy Carter in a landslide. On January 21, 1981, just a few hours after Ronald Reagan delivered his inaugural address, the remaining 52 hostages were released. They had been in captivity for 444 days. 
 Manchester by the Sea (2016)871) A depressed uncle is asked to take care of his teenage nephew after the boy's father dies. Lee Chandler is a brooding, irritable loner who works as a handyman for a Boston apartment block. One damp winter day he gets a call summoning him to his hometown, north of the city. His brother's heart has given out suddenly, and he's been named guardian to his 16-year-old nephew. As if losing his only sibling and doubts about raising a teenager weren't enough, his return to the past re-opens an unspeakable tragedy. Jwelch5742 Lee Chandler, who works as a janitor for a property management company responsible for four residential apartment buildings in Quincy, Massachusetts, is an angry, sullen and antisocial man. His demeanor and retreat from life are primarily because of a single incident which led to him leaving his hometown of Manchester-by-the-Sea upstate - his name being infamous in the region by those that don't know him because of that incident - and the break-up of his marriage to his now ex-wife, Randi. The only time Lee ever returns to Manchester is when he receives a telephone call from his fisherman brother, Joe Chandler, who was diagnosed a few years ago with congestive heart failure. Whenever now divorced Joe ends up on an extended stay in the hospital due to his health problems, Lee returns to Manchester to take care of Joe's son, Patrick Chandler, of whom Joe has sole custody. With the latest such telephone call and Lee's subsequent trip to Manchester, Joe dies before Lee makes it to the hospital in nearby Beverly. In what Lee assumes is his temporary guardianship of now sixteen-year-old Patrick becomes legally permanent when he learns, much to his surprise, that Joe has Lee listed in his will not only as Patrick's permanent guardian, but that Lee is to be the trustee for the estate on Patrick's behalf until Patrick becomes of age, Patrick who is the sole beneficiary. Patrick, a typical teenager, is arguably closest to Lee emotionally than any other adult. Despite his father's death, Patrick is still more concerned about maintaining his life as is: hanging out with his friends, including his two girlfriends (who don't know about each other) and his band-mates, playing ice hockey, and keeping Joe's slowly-deteriorating fishing boat (which Patrick sees as his father's legacy), which is financially unfeasible to do. To Patrick, all this means Lee moving back to Manchester as opposed to Patrick moving to Quincy, where Lee only has a one room apartment as part of his job anyway. Lee is not only not equipped to be Patrick's guardian, but is not emotionally prepared to return to Manchester, the site of the "incident" and where Randi still lives, she to whom he has not spoken since their divorce. With no other real options as to a guardian for Patrick - including their close friend George who is anticipating being an empty nester soon, and Patrick's alcoholic mother Elise, whose whereabouts are unknown anyway - Lee has to decide what is best to do for Patrick, which takes into account his own emotional well-being. Huggo Lee Chandler, a sullen and frustrated handyman, lives a life of limited human interaction and emotion. When Lee receives news that his older brother Joe has passed away after suffering a heart attack, he is shocked to discover that he is named as Patrick's (his nephew) guardian. As Lee and Patrick struggle to adjust to a now-changed lifestyle, Lee must simultaneously confront his tormented past that separated him from both his wife, Randi, and the community in which he was raised. Kyle Perez In Quincy, the quiet and ruthless janitor and handyman Lee Chandler is summoned by George (a family friend) to come home to Manchester By The Sea when Lee's older brother Joe is again in hospital after another heart attack. Arriving just after Joe dies, Lee makes arrangements for the funeral with George then seeks to inform his sixteen-year-old nephew Patrick, who's at the hockey practice. They go to the morgue and then head to Joe's lawyer to learn his will. To Lee's surprised, Joe has named him to be Patrick's guardian. Lee is reluctant, neither wanting to stay in Manchester nor deliver his nephew to his alcoholic mother Elise, and decides to bring Patrick with him to Quincy. Patrick, however, does not want to leave his life in the town. While planning Joe's burial and funeral, Lee is haunted by his past in Manchester, where he happily lived with his wife Randi and their three children until the night of a tragedy with his family. What will be his final decision? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Driven away from his hometown and small fishing community of Manchester-by-the-Sea, once-happy Lee Chandler is still incapable of forgiving himself, struggling to pick through the ruins of his utterly destroyed life in Boston. To make matters worse, an irrevocable disaster changes everything, and Lee, probably the least suitable candidate for this responsibility, finds himself burdened with the overwhelming duty of fostering his rebellious sixteen-year-old nephew, Patrick. Now, as Lee is forced to relocate to his old town, trying hard to make the necessary arrangements, the long-suppressed sorrow stemming from his ineffable personal tragedy, gradually exposes the profound layers of grief in his scathed psyche. Will melancholic Lee stop punishing himself for the sake of Patrick? Nick Riganas The story takes place in the present, while including flashbacks to relevant events. The protagonist is Lee Chandler, a janitor and handyman, who lives a solitary life in a basement apartment in Quincy, Massachusetts. The movie opens with scenes of him performing tasks for tenants of the apartment complex where he works. His interaction with them is minimal. After being reprimanded by his boss for swearing at an irritated tenant, he gets into a drunken bar fight with two businessmen believing they were staring at him. Lee receives word that his brother Joe has suffered a cardiac arrest, but he dies before Lee can get to the hospital. Lee insists on being the one to tell Joe's teenage son, Patrick, about his father's death. While making funeral arrangements, they learn that Joe's body cannot be buried until spring when the ground thaws. Lee opts to remain in Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts until the delayed burial.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. We see footage of the fishing village, Manchester-by-the-Sea, Massachusetts. Lee Chandler (Casey Affleck) is on a boat with his 8-year-old nephew, Patrick, teasing him, asking who he would rather hang out with him or his father (who is Lees brother, Joe). Patrick answers his father which amuses Joe, in the bridge of the boat. We aren't told but we find ourselves roughly eight years later, in Boston. Lee works as a handyman for an apartment building, dealing with all the tenants who are all rude or difficult in some way the first one is argumentative; the second one loudly talks on the phone how she wants to have sex with the handyman cleaning her shit from the toilet; the third is a woman who accuses him of wanting to see her naked when he suggests turning on the shower to see if it leaks. That woman complains to the building manager. Lee points out that he is working four buildings and all the money goes to the manager. He is asked to apologize to the woman but he remains ambivalent because he did nothing wrong in the exchange. Lee goes to a bar and a woman spills some beer on him, seemingly intentionally, to start up a conversation. He is standoffish with her. Later, two businessmen across the bar note Lee and discuss him briefly. This prompts Lee to approach them, antagonistically. He punches them both. He goes home and falls asleep watching sports on TV. It's now winter. Lee shovels snow. He gets a phone call which he keeps short simply asking the caller when something happened and saying hell come up immediately. Driving, Lee calls the building manager from his phone and says he has to go out of town for a week or two. He gets irritated with the traffic as he makes his way up north. Lee arrives at a hospital. He asks a nurse if he is dead and is told he passed away an hour ago. He remains stoic in response. George (CJ Wilson), a family friend, explains that they were on the boat that morning and he just fell over. The doctor comes and introduces himself to Lee. Lee asks where his brother is and is told he can see him downstairs if he wants. The doctor explains that his heart was very weak and it finally gave out. Lee asks them to call his uncle in Minnetonka, Minnesota and also to call his ex-wife, Randi. We flashback to eight years earlier. Joe (Kyle Chandler) is in the hospital bed with his wife, Elsie (Gretchen Mol), his father, and Lee. They learn that Joe has congestive heart failure and will only live for another five to ten years. Elsie freaks out at this news. When the family keeps the mood light with humor, she storms out. In the present day, Lee is brought down to the morgue to look at the body. Joe is there, dead, cold, lifeless. Now we flashback to seven years earlier, like in the first scene of the film. Lee is on the boat with an 8-year-old Patrick. He teases him about a shark that is going to eat him but Patrick is unfazed, a tough Massachusetts kid. He gets a bite on his fishing pole and begins to reel it in. We cut to the present. Lee rushes up to Manchester to inform Patrick about his father. He drives through the town and has a flashback of seven years earlier, returning home to his wife, Randi (Michelle Williams) who is sick in bed. He says hello to his seven-year-old daughter, playfully teases his five-year-old daughter, and picks up his eight-month-old son. He then kisses Randi despite her being bedridden. He tells her about his day, fishing with Patrick. In present day, Lee stops by Patrick's school and is told his nephew is at hockey practice. He goes to a hockey rink in Gloucester and sees a 16-year-old Patrick on the ice, fighting with another kid. When Patrick sees Lee is there, from out of town, he knows immediately something bad has happened with his father. While the coach chastises him for fighting, he tells him to "fuck his fucking ass" and is told he's benched. He responds with Ask me if I give a shit. The coach becomes furious until the other kids point out that Patrick's uncle is there and his dad is in the hospital. The coach begins to backpedal, becoming sympathetic towards Patrick. Patrick's friends comfort him. Patrick is in Lee's car, having been told the news. Lee has to return to the hospital to sign papers and asks Patrick if he wants to see his dad. They stop in the parking lot and Patrick debates whether he wants to see his dads body. He finally decides, Lets just go so Lee drives off as Patrick tries to exit the car. Patrick gets angry, telling him he meant, "Let's just go INSIDE." Immediately after seeing his father in the morgue, Patrick wants to leave. Lee and him get back to Joe's house and Lee cant open the garage door because he doesn't have the opener. Inside, Patrick asks if he can invite some friends over. Lee says its okay. Patrick is comforted by his girlfriend, Silvie (Kara Hayward), and his two guy friends. That night, Patrick asks Lee if Silvie can spend the night because his dad always let her. Lee asks Patrick why he is asking him. Patrick tells Lee that her parents thinks she sleeps downstairs and if they ask, "can he tell them she isn't staying in his room?" Lee becomes very silent and then asks if he's supposed to tell Patrick to use a condom. Patrick tells him that his dad already had that conversation with him. Lee sits up in the guest bedroom, thinking. We flashback to six years earlier, when Patrick, Joe, and Lee returned home to find Elsie passed out on the couch after drinking all night with no pants or underwear on. Lee has to usher the 8-year-old Patrick upstairs. The next morning, in present day, Patrick is seen emailing his mother. Downstairs, Lee makes arrangements with a funeral home. At school, the hockey coach excuses Patrick for his foul language but orders him to take time off from practice. After school, Lee drives Patrick to see the lawyer for the reading of Joe's will. Five years earlier, we see Lee and his friends playing Ping-Pong in the basement of the home he shares with his wife and kids. They're all loud and drunk and Randi comes down and yells at them to leave because its 2 AM in the morning and her children are upstairs. In the lawyers office, Lee learns the will dictates that he will be Patrick's guardian which is a responsibility he never discussed with his brother; because Joe probably knew he wouldn't have agreed to it. He is told the will stipulates that Lee will provided with expenses for Patrick's clothes and food and that the house and boat are owned outright. Lee explains that he cant commute from Boston every day until Patrick turns 18 but the lawyer points out its expected that Lee relocate to Manchester. He has been left up to $5,000 to help with the move. Lee asks if Patrick can move in with his uncle in Minnetonka but Joe had told the lawyer that he didn't feel Patrick had the same bond with him that he does with Lee. We flashback again to five years earlier, in Manchester, after Lees friends have been kicked out of the house. He is walking home, on a snow-covered street, with a bag of groceries hes got from a nearby store. He hears fire engines in the distance and we see an immediate panic on his face. In the lawyers office, the lawyer suggests Patrick stay with his mother but Lee shuts that idea down immediately. We flashback once again to five years earlier, where Lee comes home to find his house on fire. Randi has made it outside but she has become hysterical, screaming that her three children are still inside. Lee stands, frozen, still holding the bag of groceries. In present day, Lee leaves the lawyers office, realizing he has no choice but to move back to Manchester. In flashback, we see Lee at the police station, explaining that he had been partying with friends and had been high and drunk. Randi kicked them out and he went downstairs to build a fire in the fireplace to warm up the house. He goes on a 15 minute walk to get more beer and halfway there, wonders if he put the fireplace screen up. He figures it will be okay and continues to the store. He tells them a log must have rolled out because when he returned, the house was on fire. Randi was saved because she slept downstairs but the children were upstairs and when the furnace blew, the firefighters couldn't safely retrieve them. The detectives tell Lee that's all the questions they had. Lee asks why hes not going to be charged with a crime but they point out it was a million dollar mistake. He is escorted outside the interview room. Filled with guilt, he grabs a policeman's gun from his holster and tries to shoot himself in the head. But cops take him down and retrieve the gun. Lee and Patrick leave the lawyers office and talk about Joe's boat. Lee plans on selling it but Patrick points out its his boat and hes planning on maintaining it, despite the expenses. Lee points out that Patrick doesn't even have a drivers license but Patrick tells him hes going to run the boat with George, their family friend who works at the wharf. Lee tells Patrick he's going to "knock his fucking block off". A businessman (a cameo by the film's director Kenneth Lonergan) passes and comments, "Great parenting." Lee gets angry with him and tells him to mind his own business. Patrick and Lee make it to the wharf. George tells them the boat needs a new motor which Lee points out they have not been given any allotment to purchase and asks George if he wants to purchase the boat. Patrick argues that hes not selling it while George tells Lee the boat is going to bleed Lee dry if they just leave it docked. Lee tells George that they're moving to Boston anyway and George comments that Lee can come and stay with him on weekends. When Lee asks if George wants to be his guardian, both Patrick and George explain that he has five kids already. On the dock, Patrick yells at Lee for asking George to be his guardian. He notes that he doesn't want to be sent to Minnetonka to live with his uncle and asks about staying with his mother. Lee tells Patrick that that judge would not allow Patrick to stay with her (a hint at the aftermath of her excessive drinking that we've seen in flashbacks) and adds that no one knows where she is. Patrick tells her she's in Connecticut and he talks to her on occasion via email. The two of them stop by the funeral parlor where the undertaker goes over the funeral with Lee. Outside, Patrick says he thinks the guys somber act was phony because every customer he meets with, every day, has gone through the same loss. He asks Lee why they cant bury his father but Lee tells them the ground is too hard because of the cold and they have to wait until spring. Patrick asks what happens to the body until then. Lee tells him they put him in a freezer until the ground thaws out. Patrick tells him the idea of his dad in a freezer freaks him out. Lee tells him its not HIM in the freezer; just his body. Patrick suggests using mini-steam shovels to dig a hole in the ground. Lee tells him using heavy equipment in a cemetery would offend the families of those buried there. Patrick asks about burying him somewhere else and Lee tells him this is where Joe arranged for his plot and if Patrick wants to go through the long process of changing everything, he can. Patrick tells him he just doesn't like his father being in a freezer. Driving home, Patrick asks if he can be dropped off at his girlfriends house. When they arrive, Patrick reveals that he's at the house of Sandy, not Silvie, the girlfriend that we've met before. Patrick asks Lee not to say anything. Patrick has band practice with Sandy and their friends. Lee waits for him outside and is greeted by Sandys mom who asks him if he wants to join them for supper. Lee declines, picking up a romantic interest from the woman. He says hell come back when Patrick is ready. She tells him they say they usually do their homework together until about 9:30 PM but notes that they most likely are being sexual instead. We see Patrick and Sandy kissing and undressing in her bedroom. Her mother knocks on the door, forcing them to break up the activity. Lee is back in Joe's house and gets a phone call from Randi, his ex-wife. She has heard about Joe's death and wants to give her condolences. She asks if it would be okay for her to attend the funeral and he says, Of course. She then confesses that shes pregnant and wants him to know now because it will be obvious when he sees her again. Lee tells her he has to pick up Patrick and she tells him that's okay; she just wanted to make sure it was okay for her and Josh to attend the funeral. We flashback to five years earlier. In the same living room Lee is currently in, there is a memorial service for his children. Randi is being comforted. Lee is in the living room, numb. He takes off his shoes, making himself comfortable, not able to mourn. The next day, there is a service at Georges house for Joe. Silvie is there, comforting Patrick. George tries to talk to Lee but hes crestfallen and lost in his thoughts. George begins to shout out to his wife to get Lee some food but she says she cant hear him; Lee tells him he doesn't want to eat and George tries to relay this message and it goes back and forth. Back at Joe's house, Patrick asks if Silvie can stay over but Lee tells him no because he doesn't like her. For the first time, Lee has treated Patrick like a guardian and not a buddy. Patrick seems somewhat impressed by this and he goes to talk to Lee, asking why he is staying in the guest room instead of Joe's bedroom. (Obviously Lee is still going through the motions as if Joe was still alive.) Lee explains hes fine in the guest room because hes going to move back to Boston soon. Patrick argues that Lee lives as a janitor in Boston and there's no reason he couldn't relocate to Manchester, while Patrick would be leaving his high school and all his sports teams and his friends and his two girlfriends if he left. He asks Lee why he cares where he lives. We flashback to five years earlier Lee packs up his car, leaving town shortly after losing his children. Joe asks him where hes going to stay and he says a motel. Joe then encourages the 10-year-old Patrick to say goodbye to his Uncle Lee. (Its now obvious that Lee doesn't want to relocate to Manchester because it reminds him of the loss of his three children). That night, Patrick opens the freezer, looking for a snack. Some packages of frozen meat slide out. He tries to put them back in and hits his head on the door. He then begins having a full on panic attack and Lee comes in to calm him down. Patrick is taken up to his bedroom, still panicked and angry. He tells Lee to leave him alone but Lee insists on staying, asking if Patrick's having a breakdown and that he should be taken to a mental hospital if he cant handle the sight of frozen chicken. Patrick admits he doesn't like his dad being in the freezer and tha'ts what set off the panic attack. He tells Lee he is calmer now and asks him to get out but Lee refuses, now fully taking on the role of a guardian. Its five years earlier Lee moves into the apartment building he was seen fixing at the beginning of the film, which he shows off to Joe and a young Patrick. Back in present day, Lee is still in Patrick's bedroom. He tells him hes decided to wait until the school year ends to move them to Boston. Patrick asks if hes asking him or telling him. Lee says hes telling him whats best. Patrick asks why he cares whether or not its okay with him because hes already decided for the both of them. Lee argues that Boston is only 30 minutes away but Patrick finds this comment hysterical, stating its a 90 minute drive in traffic. Lee drops Patrick off at school and gives him some money, asking why Patrick needs it because hes given money for helping George with the boat. Patrick tells him hes saving that money to buy a new motor. Back at home, Lee enters Joes bedroom and see photos of his family on the dresser. He abruptly smashes his fist through a window. As his knuckles bleed, the phone rings. It's Elise, Joe's ex-wife and Patrick's mother, on the line. Lee doesn't know how to respond so he just hangs up. That night, Patrick asks Lee why he didn't tell him his mom called. She has emailed him that shes in Essex and wants Patrick to see her new house and meet her fianc. He says he hung up because he didn't know what to say and he didn't tell Patrick because he didn't know what to say to him. Patrick suggests living in Essex with his mom and states shes not an alcoholic anymore. This way, he can stay at the same school and keep his friends and the boat and Lee can go back to Boston. Lee says he wont allow that but he will talk to her and if she sounds normal, hell let Patrick have lunch with her. While Patrick works on the boat he inherited, Lee goes around the boat yard looking for a job. But he seemingly has a bad reputation in town and people are reluctant to employ him. On the way back home, Patrick tells Lee that the piston is about to give out in the motor. Lee tells him they cant afford a boat if they cant hire someone to work on it and no one will work on it if the motor is broken. Patrick asks Lee to drop him off at Sandy's house for band practice. When they arrive, he asks him to stay for dinner because Sandy's mom likes him and that will give Patrick time to get sexual with Sandy. Lee reluctantly agrees. That night, Sandy's mom tries to chat up Lee but he says very little. Upstairs, Patrick tries to put a condom on but trips over Sandy's doll house. She complains that her grandmother gave it to her. Downstairs, Sandy's mom asks whats going on and Sandy complains about the doll house and Sandy's mom shouts that it belonged to her mother. Sandy's mom excuses herself upstairs and knocks on the door. Patrick and Sandy have to get dressed again to pretend like they're working at her computer. Sandy's mom tells her daughter that Lee wont talk to her and she cant sit down there any longer with him. Driving home, Patrick sardonically thanks Lee for his help. Patrick is driven to Elise's house in Essex. Its been years since shes seen her son and she marvels at how big he has gotten. Patrick is introduced to her fianc, Jeffrey (Matthew Broderick), and they all sit down for lunch. Patrick notes all the religious paraphernalia around the house (seemingly the product of Elise's AA program). Jeffrey says grace and then Elise chastises Patrick for not saying amen. He points out he did say it but quietly. Elise tells him shes sure her new life is a shock to him and they continue having awkward conversation, with her stating that he doesn't need to be formal and he should treat their house as his home, too. Jeffrey asks Patrick what hes studying in school and he responds, The usual stuff. Elise excuses herself to the kitchen, leaving Jeffrey and Patrick alone. Jeffrey continues asking awkward questions, like if Patrick has gotten any string beans. After a while, he excuses himself into the kitchen, too, to check on Elise. Back in the car, Patrick tells Lee that his mom was really nervous and her fianc was really Christian. Lee comments that it sounds like Patrick's mother is doing better and not drinking or in the psych ward. Patrick gets angry, accusing Lee that hell do anything to get rid of him. At home, Patrick receives an email from Jeffrey, telling him his mother would prefer they not rush into future visits and that all discussion with her should now go through Jeffrey. Downstairs, Lee asks Patrick if he wants to invite friends over but Patrick is dismissive to the idea. Lee enters Joe's den and sees all the handguns on the wall. Patrick is standing behind him, unbeknownst to him, and asks Lee which one of them he plans on shooting. Lee tells him the guns are worth a lot of money and they could sell them for the new motor. Cut to the boat with a new motor installed. Patrick drives the boat alongside George as Lee watches. Later that day, Lee walks back to his car and runs into Randi and one of her friends. Randi is pushing her new baby in a stroller. Her friend excuses herself to get the car, leaving Randi and Lee time to talk. Randi goes into a heartfelt speech about how she would like to have lunch with him and how she feels awful for the terrible things she said to him (after their children died). She admits she was acting out because she was heartbroken and still is; but she knows he is, as well. She continues to apologize but he gets uncomfortable and tells her no to the lunch. Randi tells him she sees him walking around now and wants to let him know she was wrong; he ends the conversation shortly and leaves. The exchange has rattled Lee. He goes to a nearby bar and punches a guy who accidentally clips him as he walks by. George is there and he breaks up the fight. Lee is taken to Georges living room, banged up, while George and his wife discuss Lee and the fight. Life becomes peaceful. Patrick shows Sandy his boat. He lives in harmony with Lee. Sandy spends the night and they finally are able to be sexual (we see them entangled in the aftermath). Lee now has a job as a handyman in Manchester. He helps a man with his hot-water heater. The man recognizes him as Stan Chandlers son and notes that he used to play chess with his dad. He also carelessly notes that he heard one of his sons has died. Lee makes dinner, heating up sauce for spaghetti. He goes to rest on the living room sofa and opens his eyes to see his two daughters seated beside him. One asks, Cant you see were burning? He tries to assure her shes not burning but wakes up when a smoke alarm sounds he has fallen asleep and the sauce has burned on the stove, causing the house to fill with smoke. Over dinner, Lee tells Patrick that he got a job as a handyman in Boston but for only two buildings instead of four. Lee tells Patrick that he doesn't have to come to Boston because George is going to take him in two of his five kids are moving out soon anyway. They can rent out Joe's home until Patrick turns 18 and then he can move back in. When hes 21, he can sell it or stay in it and they can hire the boat out after the summer ends. Lee will remain the trustee but all the financial things set up for Lee will transfer to George. Patrick asks if George and his wife will be his guardians and Lee tells him they're going to adopt him. This upset Patrick and he begins to cry. Spring has come and they are finally able to give Joe a burial service. Randi is there with her baby and her husband. Afterwards, Patrick is told Lee will stay with him until July; he doesn't even have a place to stay in Boston yet. Hes declined the apartment the building offers him to do handiwork and is in search of a bigger place in case Patrick ends up going to college in Boston and needs to stay overnight sometime. Patrick says hes not going to college so Lee tells him then the extra room will be for all his shit. Lee tells Patrick that he would stay there if he could but its impossible to recover from what happened (to his children). The film ends with Lee and Patrick on the boat, on the sea, just like the opening of the film. 
 Hercules (1997)651) The son of Zeus and Hera is stripped of his immortality as an infant and must become a true hero in order to reclaim it. Hercules, son of the Greek God, Zeus, is turned into a half-god, half-mortal by evil Hades, God of the Underworld, who plans to overthrow Zeus. Hercules is raised on Earth and retains his god-like strength, but when he discovers his immortal heritage Zeus tells him that to return to Mount Olympus he must become a true hero. Hercules becomes a famous hero with the help of his friend Pegasus and his personal trainer, Phil the satyr. Hercules battles monsters, Hades and the Titans, but it is his self-sacrifice to rescue his love Meg which makes him a true hero. Kristi Connolly <kristic@nlc.net.au> After the monstrous Titans were imprisoned by the powerful Zeus, a baby was born to Zeus whom he names Hercules. But when Hercules is suddenly stolen from Mt Olympus by Pain and Panic, the henchmen of the villainous Lord of the Underworld Hades, he is stripped of his godly appearance but keeps his godly strength. Raised among the mortal world as a human, Hercules is confused about where he belongs. Hercules is told that if he proves to be a true hero on Earth, his true form as a god will be restored. So he learns from a satyr named Philoctetes all the ways of being a hero. But his journey towards his return home as a god is suddenly put to a halt when he crosses paths with a beautiful Dame named Meg, who works in secret for Hades. Falling in love while defending a town, Hercules soon realizes that it is his destiny to save both the Mortal world and Mt. Olympus from Hades, who plans to overthrow Zeus to rule Olympus forever. Blazer346 Zeus, ruler of the Greek gods on Olympus, has great plans for his newborn son Hercules, but Zeus's brother Hades, whom the Fates warned the kid is destined to frustrated his plans for revenge for his banishment to rule the underworld after the Titans' defeat, sends demons Panic and Pain to magically render him mortal and eliminate the threat. Luckily the klutzes fail to do it properly, and fearing grim Hades's wrath leave the infant, whose strength was preserved, on earth. Unaware of his divine origin, Hercules is raised by Amphitryon and Alcmene, then learning his true heritage trained expertly by the satyr Philoctetes and receives from Zeus a mount for an Olympian: the flying horse Pegasus. eager to earn a place on Olympus, he champions humanity, fighting off monsters and falls in love with beautiful Meg, unaware she was sent by Hades but also falls for him. After Hercules helps defeat Hades's usurpation of Zeus's throne it's truth time for all. KGF Vissers After Zeus fights and sends the Titans to the underworld, he becomes the ruler of Mount Olympus, home of all greek gods. Hades is sent to rule the underworld, but he makes plans to throw Zeus out of Mount Olympus with the Titans' help. The three Fates warn him that his plans would be endangered if Hercules, Zeus newborn child, is still around by the time he tries to take over Mount Olympus. Hades sends Pain and Panic to turn Hercules into a mortal and kill him, but they fail in their attempt and leave him on earth with his divine strength to be raised as a human. Hercules grows up but later learns he is the son of gods, and in order to return to Mt. Olympus he must turn into a "true hero". He is trained by Phil the satyr and becomes the most famous hero in ancient Greece after battling monsters of all kinds. He even saves Mt. Olympus from Hade's take-over, but he only becomes a god again after he offers to exchange his life in order to save Meg, his love, from Hades' underworld and shows that a true hero must have a strong heart and not only physical strength. Marcos Eduardo Acosta Aldrete Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Based on both the legend of Hercules and Heracles. On Mt Olympus, Zeus and his wife are celebrating the birth of their son, Hercules. The Lord of the Underworld, Hades, is also invited, though is not at all pleased with the birth of Hercules. Returning to the Underworld, Hades meets up with the 3 Fates, who tell Hades that in 18 years, when the planets align, if he unleashes the Titans (who were imprisoned by Zeus), he will defeat Zeus and rule over all. However, there is a possibility that Hercules could stop him. Hades assigns his minions, Pain and Panic, to turn Hercules mortal, and kill him. Armed with a potion, the two kidnap Hercules, and take him to Earth. Hercules drinks almost every drop except one, when a childless couple disturbs the two minions' plan. The two decide to tell Hades that they killed Hercules, but figure leaving him on Earth as a mortal will keep him from interfering in Hades' eventual plot. As Hercules is almost completely mortal, he cannot return to Mt Olympus. However, the childless couple have taken him in, and raise him as their own. However, not being completely mortal, Hercules is ostracized from the rest of society by his immense strength. As he approaches his teenage years, his father tells of how they found him, with a medallion bearing the symbol of the gods. Hercules sets off for the Temple of Zeus to find answers. Once inside the temple, the enormous statue of Zeus comes to life, first scaring Hercules, but then explaining how he is the young boy's father. Zeus then explains that if Hercules can become a True Hero, he'll be able to return to Mt Olympus and rejoin them. Zeus then provides Hercules with a winged horse named Pegasus, and sends them off to find Philoctetes. Hercules and Pegasus find Philoctetes (who is nicknamed 'Phil') on a deserted island. Having become a grouchy, old satyr, Phil is at first reluctant, but finally relents. After an intense period of training, Hercules grows from a scrawny teenager to a buff young man. At Hercules' insistence to try what he has learned, Phil, Hercules and Pegasus head for the city of Thebes, which is plagued by a number of disasters and problems. On the way there, they are sidetracked by Meg, who appears to be menaced by a centaur. Hercules grows somewhat enchanted with her, before Phil gets them back on track to Thebes. After they leave, Meg meets with Hades, and his assistants, Pain and Panic. Meg was actually trying to get the centaur to side with Hades, but claims Hercules spoiled her plans. Upon hearing this, Hades angrily grabs his assistants, realizing they have lied to him. Pain and Panic manage to convince Hades that since Hercules is mortal, they can still kill him. In Thebes, Hercules tries to convince the citizens that he is a hero, but no one is willing to believe him. Suddenly, Meg appears, and tells of two small boys trapped under a rock in a nearby canyon. Hercules saves the little boys (actually Pain and Panic in disguise), but then has to contend with the 3-headed beast called the Hydra. After finding out that cutting off one head produces 3 more, Hercules ends up crushing the beast with a rock slide. The defeat of the Hydra causes the citizens of Thebes to acknowledge Hercules as a hero, and further anger Hades. Hades continues to send beasts and creature against Hercules, but each and everyone is defeated, further making Hercules a hero in the eyes of the citizens. Statues and merchandise are soon rampant with Hercules' face, and Hercules thinks that his fame will allow him to return to Mt Olympus. However, upon visiting the Temple of Zeus again, Zeus explains to Hercules that fame does not equal heroism. When Hercules asks to know what he can do, Zeus refuses to explain further. Back in Thebes, the conversation has upset Hercules, who wonders if he even has what it takes to be a hero. While in his home, Meg appears, and gets Hercules to come with her for an evening rendezvous. However, Meg's intentions are to secretly find Hercules' weakness, but as the night goes on, she begins to find him charming. The mood is broken when Phil and Pegasus show up to take Hercules home. During the flight away, Phil ends up getting hit by a tree, and falls off Pegasus. When he comes to, he sees Meg talking to Hades, with their conversation sounding as if Meg has been two-timing Hercules. In truth, Meg refuses to go along with Hades plan, claiming that Hercules has no weakness...which leads Hades to believe that she IS that weakness. Back at Thebes Stadium, Phil tries to convince Hercules of what he saw, but Hercules angrily hits Phil. Phil, hurt by his protege's backlash, gets up and leaves. Once Phil is gone, Hades appears, and offers Hercules an ultimatum: if Hercules gives up his powers for 24 hours, Hades will allow Meg to go free, with the provision that the deal will be voided if any harm comes to her. Hercules goes through with the deal, only to have Hades then tell Hercules how Meg was working for him. Now drained of his strength, Hercules can only watch as Hades lets loose the Titans that Zeus had imprisoned years earlier. Hades sends a giant cyclops to Thebes to destroy the City. Even though Hercules is drained of his strength, he still tries to stop the creature. Fearing that he'll be killed, Meg and Pegasus find Phil, who they convince to return and help his student. With Phil's help and some ingenuity, Hercules ends up blinding and finishing off the cyclops, but in the process, Meg is gravely injured. Her injury causes Hades' deal to expire, and Hercules receives his strength back. With Phil watching over Meg, Hercules and Pegasus fly to Mt Olympus, where the Titans have all but over-powered Zeus and the other gods. Hercules helps turn the tide of battle, and ends up taking care of the Titans, and Hades angrily retreats to the Underworld. When Hercules returns to Thebes, Phil reveals that Meg has died. Upset by this, Hercues descends into the Underworld to get her back. Hercules makes a deal with Hades, that he will take Meg's place if he rescues her from the River of Death. Hades accepts the deal, sure that Hercules will die before he can save her. It seems Hercules will die, but upon reaching Meg, he suddenly begins to glow yellow, having achieved god status by risking his life to save her. Hercules manages to get Meg out of the River of Death, much to Hades ranting and protestations, several of which cause Hercules to send him flying into the river, where the dead attempt to drown him. Hercules, Pegasus, Phil and Meg then fly to Mt Olympus where the gods are waiting to welcome Hercules back, now that he has become a 'True Hero.' However, Hercules chooses to stay on Earth, but still be able to visit his family. The film ends as one of the gods creates a constellation in the sky of Hercules, making Phil swell with pride that he was able to train a legend and a god. 