nm0005362:

 Days of Our Lives (1965 )Summaries A chronicle of the lives, loves, trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. "Like sands through the hourglass... so are the Days of Our Lives." These words, spoken by late cast member Macdonald Carey, open every episode of this daytime drama, chronicaling the trials and tribulations of the citizens of the fictional city of Salem. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Nick Fury: Agent of Shield (1998 TV Movie)Summaries Agent Nick Fury is asked to fight the menace of Hydra after exiling himself in the Yukon since the end of the Cold War. Marvel's hard-boiled hero is brought to TV. He is brought back to fight the menace of Hydra after exiling himself in the Yukon since the end of the Cold War. The children of the former Hydra head, Baron Von Stucker, have taken charge of the terrorist organization. Under the lead of his vicious daughter, Viper, Hydra has seized a deadly virus and threatens the destruction of America. The covert agency SHIELD brings Fury out of retirement to fight the terrorists. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Veronica Mars (20042019)Summaries After her best friend is murdered, and her father is removed as county Sheriff, Veronica Mars dedicates her life to cracking the toughest mysteries in the affluent town of Neptune. The murder of high-school student Lilly Kane shook the seaside town of Neptune, California to the core. For once popular girl Veronica Mars, it meant the loss of her best friend and being ousted from the affluent crowd that she once thought were her friends. Her father, Sheriff Keith Mars, found himself voted out of his job after making some unpopular accusations about the murdered girl's family. In response, Keith opened his own private detective agency. Now, Veronica, with her sardonic wit and a few new friends, works as his assistant while also navigating life as a high school (and later college) student. L. Hamre It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Melrose Place (19921999)44) Classic serial drama around a group of friends living in Melrose Place, California. The lives and loves of a group of young adults living in "Melrose Place" in California. Each with their own dreams and drives, the inevitable conflicts, conquests, and consummations ensue. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> This Aaron Spelling series -with characteristic attractive, but not (yet) famous, casting- is set in and named after an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, just affordable -even if some take a roommate- for a number of tweens who hope to start their adult life from there in the huge metropolis. The early tenants include Billy Campbell, an optimistic, pleasant would be-writer, Allison Parker, a neurotic-anal employee who has a love-hate-relationship with him, Matt Fielding, a noble gay social worker, Dr. Michael Mancini who also acts as (unqualified) superintendent, his partner Jane Andrews whose ambition is in fashion, handy-man Jake Hanson -also the artificial link with Spelling hit series Beverly Hills 90210- and photographer Jo Reynolds. At first it focuses on their neighborly and amical/amorous relationships, but as they get started in life their professional lives introduce new story lines, lovers and other characters, some of which become very important and/or move in, such as Michael's hospital rival Peter Burns, Billy and Allison's boss Amanda Woodward, Jane's crazy sister Sidney and many others, so the series evolves from a young soap to a mix of more dramatical stories, including adultery, divorce, even violent crimes. KGF Vissers Set in an apartment block in the West Hollywood district of Los Angeles, Melrose Place was originally a spin-off from Beverly Hills 90210, but when its initial formula of looking at the lives of a group of well-meaning, attractive 20-somethings failed to get high ratings, writers introduced conflict in the form of less moral characters (notably Amanda Woodward played by Heather Locklear). Ratings improved, and storylines became more and more outrageous: characters coming back from the dead, multiple personalities, a bomb destroying the apartment complex. By the end of Season 4, story-lines appeared to tend towards being more "grounded", however. Paul Baker <bakerjp@unix.lancs.ac.uk> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 