nm0003723:

 Split Second (1992)Summaries In a flooded future London, Detective Harley Stone hunts a serial killer who murdered his partner, and has haunted him ever since. He soon discovers what he is hunting might not be human. The year is 2008. Global warming has melted much of the polar ice caps, resulting in serious flooding around the world - including the city of London, which is now under several feet of water. In the ensuing chaos, a new killer has emerged. One that's unnatural, unrelenting and unstoppable. Maverick veteran policeman Harley Stone (Rutger Hauer) has a link with the killer - it murdered his partner, and he will do whatever it takes to bring down the killer. As a new rookie is assigned to him, Stone must find the killer, rescue his girlfriend, and fight off his own inner demons as he gets closer to his mysterious adversary. But when the killer is a vicious ten foot tall alien creature, even in the future, there aren't guns big enough to stop the creature's deadly reign. HBO Home Video In 2008, London is suffering from the worst flooding in decades. As the water levels rise, the Police are better armed than before, but nothing has prepared them for this. Swift, sharp-clawed, and deadly, something moves amongst them in the streets, in the alleyways, on the rooftops, tearing out human hearts and devouring them. Maverick veteran Policeman Harley Stone (Rutger Hauer) lost his partner to the creature and now this looks like his girlfriend Michelle McLaine (Kim Cattrall) is next on the killer's list. Even in the future, there aren't guns big enough to stop the creature's deadly force, but Harley has no choice. As the action explodes into a deadly struggle to save Michelle, Stone must track the killer to its lair before he also becomes its victim. Will Comrie It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Starhunter Redux (2017 )211) The story of the 44 episodes of Starhunter is revealed in 'Starhunter, Creator's Cut' as originally intended by the show Creators. Censored scenes restored, bold ideas returned, episodes re-edited to match original scripts, never seen before material, as Creators Dan D'or and Phil Jackson wanted, but were blocked the first time around. Gregg Larson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Starhunter REDUX tells the story of a dysfunctional family of bounty hunters pursuing criminals on the off-world colonies of Earth 300 years into the future. The rule of law has broken down on this new frontier, leaving justice to dangerous men and women who offer their services for hire. Starhunter REDUX follows Dante Montana (Michael Pare) and his niece Percy (Tanya Allen) and their crew as they hunt criminals in deep space while searching for Dante's lost son (Clive Robertson) taken by outlaws long ago. Often tormented by their pasts, the crew, including Claudette Roche as Lucretia Scott, struggles as the universe changes around them in bewildering ways. It's a time when humans have spread across the solar system, colonizing planets and building new worlds. Rule of law has broken down on this new frontier, leaving justice in the hands of dangerous men and women who offer their services for hire. The series follows bounty hunter Dante Montana and his crew, who hunt criminals in deep space while searching for Dante's lost son who was taken by a clan of outlaws years ago. The crew also struggle with their tormented pasts as the universe changes around them in ways yet to be understood. Starhunter: REDUX is an updated, re-cut and re-scored 44 episodes of the hit cult classic science fiction series. It presents a creatively different edition of the series closer to the creators' original vision. It is also the precursor of the anticipated Starhunter Season III. The original two seasons of Starhunter aired in Canada on Space: The Imagination Station and The Movie Network: Season 1 in 2000; Season 2 in 2003. Starhunter REDUX is not yet available in Canada. New episodes of Starhunter REDUX will premiere every Tuesday at 8PM ET only on the El Rey Network. 
 De-Lovely (2004)Summaries Inspecting a magical biographical stage musical, composer Cole Porter reviews his life and career with his wife, Linda. De-Lovely is an original musical portrait of American composer Cole Porter, filled with his unforgettable songs. In the film, Porter is looking back on his life as if it was one of his spectacular stage shows, with the people and events of his life becoming the actors and action onstage. Through elaborate production numbers and popular hits like "Anything Goes," "It's De-Lovely," and "Night and Day," Porter's elegant, excessive past comes to light - including his deeply complicated relationship with his wife and muse, Linda Lee Porter. Anonymous Educated fleas in this vale of tears: the marriage of Cole Porter and his wife, Linda, told loosely as a three-act review with Porter watching. In act one, Porter and Linda meet in Paris, fall in love and marry with her knowledge of his being gay; on to Venice and New York, where parties, music, and their love lead him to decide to compose professionally. Act two is New York and Hollywood, where success awaits, as do an increasing number of young men who take Porter's attention from Linda and leave her lonely and apart. Act three begins with a crippling accident that brings Linda back to Porter's side, their attentiveness to each other renewed in his pain and her illness. <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lexx (19962002)Summaries A group of disparate fugitives from an interplanetary tyranny find themselves in control of a massively powerful starship. The tyrants who rule the Light Universe pass their essence onto their successor upon their demise, while their still-conscious brains are kept in a vault; their chief resource is The Lexx (Tom Gallant), the most-powerful mobile weapon in the universe, which can only be commanded by the keeper of the hand-key. The previous incumbent wiped out the Brunen-G race, except for Kai (Michael McManus), who he kept in a state of amnesiac suspended animation, to be revived by proto-blood for short periods, and used as an assassin. Into this background comes anti-hero Stanley H. Tweedle (Brian Downey), an ignored non-entity clerk, who misses an appointment and is branded a criminal. In the dungeons, overweight Zev (Eva Habermann) has been convicted of not fulfilling wifely duties, and is being transformed into a gorgeous, svelt love-slave. Meanwhile, captured terrorist Thodin (Barry Bostwick), due for public execution, escapes with his gang's help, and causes chaos, setting into motion Tweedle's accidental theft of Lexx and new ownership of the hand-key, Zev's escape with her new body and the characteristics of a giant reptilian attack worm, but before mind-wipe (which goes instead to a robot head), and Kai's release to combat the terrorists before his memory returns. Tweedle, Zev, the lovesick robot head, Kai, and the stolen tyrants' brains head off in Lexx to vaporize tyrant planets and find a place for themselves in the Dark Universe, while searching for a supply of proto-blood before Kai expires. Cynan Rees <cynanrees@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 