nm0004786:

 Shallow Hal (2001)321) A shallow man falls in love with a 300-pound woman because of her inner beauty. Following the advice of his dying father, Hal dates only women who are physically beautiful. One day, however, he runs into self-help guru Tony Robbins, who hypnotizes him into recognizing only the inner beauty of women. Hal thereafter meets Rosemary, a largely obese woman whom only he can see as a vision of loveliness. But will their relationship survive when Hal's equally shallow friend undoes the hypnosis? Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hal Larson (Jack Black), a superficial man and his equally-shallow friend Mauricio Wilson (Jason Alexander) both share an interest in beautiful women, and try to act cool and hip when around them, but most women interpret their wild dance moves as obnoxious and want nothing to do with them. At work, Hal's co-workers accuse him of being shallow and caring about nothing but physical appearance, and ask him "when he's gonna get it." Hal wants to see women for their inner beauty, but his appreciation of physical beauty gets in the way. While going to work one day, by an unexpected twist of fate, Hal meets the famous American life coach Tony Robbins while stuck in an elevator, and has a talk with him about himself and Tony. Robbins, understanding Hal's situation, hypnotizes him into seeing people's inner beauty, not their external selves. Subsequently he falls in love with Rosemary (Gwyneth Paltrow), a woman who appears to him to look slender and beautiful due to her kind, generous nature, but is, in actuality, morbidly obese. At first, she accuses him of being childish, because she thinks he's pretending to date her, but later realises his feelings for her are genuine. His concerned friend Mauricio is worried about Hal's new taste in women, especially when he finds Hal dancing with a fat woman, thinking he's gone crazy. Mauricio believes what Robbins did to him was deceitful and wrong, and he talks to Robbins. One night, while Hal is on a date, Mauricio catches him after having confronted Robbins and says the trigger phrase,"Shallow Hal wants a gal", to break Hal's hypnosis. Discovering that his own sight had misled him, Hal, with Mauricio's assistance, begins to avoid Rosemary, whom he initially fails to recognize. She becomes melancholic without him around. Still distraught, Hal decides to get to know his neighbor, Jill, and the two get together at a restaurant and have a nice chat. Rosemary, suspicious of Hal's staying away, goes to the same restaurant where Hal and his friend are. Making assumptions about his relationship with Jill, she calls him a 'psycho' over the phone, which depresses Hal greatly. The day after, he meets a girl at a hospital where Rosemary works. Previously, due to Robbins' hypnosis, he saw her as a perfect looking little girl, he is now seeing her as a pretty little girl with severe burn marks on her face. This experience clarifies that he doesn't need hypnosis to see people's true inner beauty. Meanwhile, Rosemary decides to leave the country to re-join the Peace Corps. During his search for Rosemary to tell her the truth, he finds that Mauricio himself has his own reason for stopping Hal's hypnosis: he has a vestigial tail which has prevented him from ever getting close to a woman, and he was jealous that his friend found someone with whom he was happy. Hal eventually makes up with Mauricio, comes to terms with his feelings and his true love for Rosemary and decides to talk to her again. He arrives at his destination, the backyard of the Shanahans' mansion, where he makes up with Rosemary. He discovers she still loves him and decides to accompany her on her trip. 
 Baywatch (19892001)Summaries At a Los Angeles beach, a team of lifeguards led by Lieutenant Mitch Buchannon save lives, deal with personal dramas, fight crime and participate in over the top adventures on a daily basis. This long-running series follows the adventures of a team of lifeguards on a crowded resort beach. Veteran lifeguard Mitch Buchannon watches over the younger lifeguards that come and go with each passing season as they keep the beaches safe for vacationers. Frequently he must take action to save them from the raging seas and from the raging tempers that sometimes flare up between the young guards in this stressful job. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Most Wonderful Time of the Year (2008 TV Movie)Summaries Corporate analyst and single mom, Jen, tackles Christmas with a business-like approach until her uncle arrives with a handsome stranger in tow. The overwhelming tasks that go along with Christmas have taken the joy out of the holidays for busy single mom Jennifer Cullen. Then her Uncle Ralph arrives at her home with the young, handsome Morgan Derby. Morgan's love of Christmas, and life, is contagious and as Jennifer glumly navigates through the holidays, she soon realizes that what she needs most is right under her nose. Stars Henry Winkler, Brooke Burns and Warren Christie. Anonymous Jennifer Cullen, a corporate analyst in Chicago, is good at her job in being logical and organized, she having a list for everything. Also a single mother of adolescent Brian Cullen, she is conversely not a good judge of men as witnessed by her ex-husband - Brian's father - having walked out on them for good shortly after Brian was born. She does not "do" Christmas well, with some last minute changes to plan constantly changing her Christmas to do list. Their overly fussy neighbor Rita, who has her own strict list of what people on their block "have" to do for Christmas, is constantly on her case about decorating the house, which means she has to find someone to hang her mandated all white Christmas lights sooner than later. She learns late in the season that all Brian wants is the hottest toy this season which is virtually impossible to get, at least by Christmas. And she also learns days before Christmas that her mother is no longer coming for the holidays, she instead opting for a sun and sand vacation. Her mother's no show means that Jen, not handy in the kitchen, has to prepare Christmas dinner, including the turkey. The only problem in she preparing dinner is that she wanted to impress her jeweler boyfriend Richard Winsley's parents. The other problem in her mother not coming is that Christmas was supposed to be the first time the two sets of parents met, leaving Jen's maternal uncle, just retired and recently widowed Brooklyn police officer Ralph Kendall, as her family representative, he who scares Richard but who is truly a teddy bear underneath his rough around the edges exterior. Conversely, Ralph sees Richard as a typical stuffed shirt. When Ralph does eventually make his way to Chicago from Brooklyn, he has brought with him Morgan Derby, a Renaissance man who he met and helped him out of a jam at JFK, who was on the same New York to Chicago flight, and who is trying to make his way to a currently snowed-in Denver. Having traveled the world doing one odd job after another in his wanderlust, he finally came to the decision to settle down when he turned thirty a few weeks ago, his rough plan to open a restaurant with an old girlfriend. Ralph is able to convince a reluctant Jen to take Morgan in until he can catch a flight to Denver. Behind the scenes, Ralph, believing that Morgan is a better match for Jen than Richard, takes steps to try and keep Morgan in Chicago, the existence of a Morgan which does not sit well with Richard, who does not want to see another bachelor vying for Jen's affections at Christmas dinner, especially with his parents in attendance. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Titanic II (2010 Video)Summaries A century after the fateful voyage of the original, modern luxury liner Titanic II sets sail. Will this ship suffer the same fate as her namesake? On the 100th anniversary of the original voyage, a modern luxury liner christened "Titanic 2," follows the path of its namesake. But when a tsunami hurls an iceberg into the new ship's path, the passengers and crew must fight to avoid a similar fate. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 