nm0002431:

 Defendor (2009)431) Arthur Poppington, a regular man who adopts a superhero persona, known as "Defendor", combs the city streets at night, in search of his archenemy, Captain Industry. A crooked cop, a mob boss, and the young girl they abuse are the dwellers of a city's criminal underworld. It's a world that ordinary Arthur Poppington doesn't understand and doesn't belong in, but he is committed to fighting when he changes into a vigilante super-hero of his own making, Defender. With no power other than courage Defender takes to the streets to protect the city's innocents. On court order, Arthur Poppington is under the psychiatric evaluation of Dr. Ellen Park to determine if he is mentally fit to stand trial for assaulting a dry cleaner/tailor shop owner. That evaluation is more due to his actions under the guise of an alter-ego. During the day, Arthur works as a public works flag person under Paul Carter, his friend and unspoken protector who believes he is mentally slow and who he has not told that he is living in the work's yard workshop. At night also unknown to Paul, Arthur, complete with face-painted eye mask, helmet, and masking tape "D" taped to his chest, transforms into super hero Defendor, wielding a billy club, slingshot and other more unique rudimentary yet often effective weapons, fighting for what he believes is morally right in his slightly warped world. As Arthur answers Dr. Park's questions, his story is presented in flashback. That story includes his childhood under the guardianship of his maternal grandfather - with a junkie mother who abandoned him and he not knowing his father - which shaped many of his beliefs. Arthur is well known among the local thugs who believe he is a "retard", and the police department, Captain Roger Fairbanks who believes he is basically harmless despite not welcoming Defendor's vigilante justice tactics. Core among Defendor's beliefs is that some unknown person named Captain Industry, a drug dealer, is the root of all evil. Kat Debrofkowitz, a junkie hooker with the street name Angel who Arthur befriends through an encounter with a crooked undercover cop named Chuck Dooney, leads Arthur to believe that Captain Industry is a Serbian mobster named Radovan Kristic. As Defendor believes he has to rid the world of Captain Industry, he may not be aware that he is also on Kristic's radar, and as such may be in danger because of his Defendor alter ego. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the day, Arthur Poppington (Woody Harrelson) is a normal man (even if slightly naive to the workings of the world) working in the construction industry. During the night time, he transforms into his alter-ego, Defendor, protecting the streets from thugs. The city has a problem with thugs and nobody is prepared to stand up and fight for themselves. The police are slow to catch the wrongdoers and Arthur has a huge willpower to do what he can to help the people. He helps Kat (Kat Dennings) one night from Dooney - when she really didn't need any help - she was a hooker. Dooney (Elias Koteas) is a corrupt cop in the police force and he is in cahoots with a Serbian mob boss. Arthur has been searching for Captain industry all his life as he had killed his mother. Kat and Arthur become friends and Defendor goes after Captain Industry knowing that there is a very high chance of dying or getting arrested. 
 Hank and Mike (2008)Summaries Two blue-collar Easter Bunnies get fired and try their hand at an assortment of odd jobs, failing at each. Fighting depression, debt and eventually each other, their lives start to unravel. Thomas Michael, Paolo Mancini, Chris Klein and Joe Mantegna star in director Matthiew Klinck's holiday-themed comedy concerning two downsized Easter bunnies whose friendship starts to suffer when the multi-national corporation that owns all holidays decides to make some serious cutbacks. Hank and Mike are the Felix Unger and Oscar Madison of holiday mascots: They may seem like a mismatched pair yet their differences are precisely what's kept them together all these years. While Hank is a hard drinking ladies man, Mike can't seem to look past his own insecurities long enough to realize how truly miserable he is. Once a year, Hank and Mike dutifully venture out to deliver Easter baskets to families everywhere. This year, however, Easter Enterprises has taken a hit, and all "Tier 2" holidays (Christmas and Hanukkah being prime examples of "Tier 1") are fair game for downsizing. Since Hank and Mike work only once a year, their jobs are the first to go. Subsequently relegated to the unemployment office and unable to break free of their furry-tailed past, these two longtime pals are about to discover just how valuable their friendship can be in times of need. Jason Buchanan, All Movie Guide Two blue-collar Easter Bunnies get fired and try their hand at an assortment of odd jobs, failing at each. Fighting depression, debt and eventually each other, their lives start to unravel until they realize that without their job they are nothing. Thomas Michael - Writer It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fugget About It (20122016)Summaries Ex-New York mobster Jimmy Falcone joins the Witness Protection Program, which relocates him and his family to Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Numb (I) (2015)Summaries When a couple in financial distress discover GPS coordinates that promise to lead to stolen gold they must partner with a pair of mysterious hitchhikers to enter the remote winter wilderness to recover the coins. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 