nm0006521:

 James Dean: Race with Destiny (1997)Summaries Casper Van Dien of STARSHIP TROOPERS stars as James Dean, whose remarkable talent and rebel attitude took Hollywood by storm. But as Dean's star begins to rise, his passionate affair with Italian Pier Angeli (Carrie Mitchum of THE BOLD AND THE BEAUTIFUL) angers her disapproving mother (Academy Award nominee Diane Ladd) and studio chief Jack Warner (Mike Connors). How did a broken heart, reckless behavior and his relationships with Natalie Wood, Sal Mineo and director George Stevens (the legendary Robert Mitchum in his final screen role) lead to Dean's ultimate race with destiny? Connie Stevens, Joseph Campanella and Casey Kasem co-star in this revealing biopic that goes behind the myth to tell the true story of the superstar who lived fast, died young and left a legacy that changed movies forever. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Divorce Law (1993)Summaries How can anyone expect a fair divorce case when all the lawyers are out to do a little hanky-panky on their own? A law firm specialized in divorces must deal with several new divorce cases and personal crises in this erotic anthology. The first story is titled "An American She-Wolf in Tokyo". A once popular all-girl rock singer Loosha Wolf, who fronted the band "Loosha Wolf and the She-Hits", has a big problem. She's been married to a rich Japanese businessman for years and now she wants a divorce. However, he's blackmailing her not to go through with it, since he has a sex tape of her in a gang bang with several male sponsors of the band. Meanwhile, the firm's owner Philip Grimes finds out a fling with a woman he rescued while working decades ago as a firefighter produced a child, Victoria, who comes to meet her daddy. Unfortunately, she can't take her hands off both his employees and the people involved with the case. In story two, "Slam Dunk", a wife needs help against her husband, who's filed for divorce after catching her having sex with a poindexter Peeping Tom Meanwhile, Grimes' top lawyer Rachel Horn must help a lesbian, whose life partner wants to split up with her and get their house they bought together. The identity of this woman is a shock to Rachel, since it's her lesbian twin sister - Brenda!. In "Emeralds of the Amazon", a husband brings men to his wife to sleep with. He then proceeds to secretly record their lovemaking and make sex tapes he sells in South America. She learns about this and wants a divorce and damages. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Alexander IRL (2017)Summaries Alex and EJ are brothers with nothing in common. Alex is a straight A student who desperately wants to be cool and win the affection of Lo (the coolest girl in school). EJ is a former high school legend living at home, wasting away in middle management in GE's innovation lab with dreams of becoming the next Mark Zuckerberg. When Alex and EJ's parents leave town for their second honeymoon, the boys join forces to throw a legendary high school party with hopes of making Alex the king of his class and EJ the next great app developer. Blessedly Silent Films Tommy and EJ are brothers with nothing in common. Tommy is a straight A student who desperately wants to be cool and win the affection of Lo (the coolest girl in school). EJ is a former high school legend living at home, wasting away in middle management in GE's innovation lab with dreams of becoming the next Mark Zuckerberg. When Tommy and EJ's parents leave town for their second honeymoon, the boys join forces to throw a legendary high school party with hopes of making Tommy the king of his class and EJ the next great app developer. Blessedly Silent Films It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 R.O.T.O.R. (1987)Summaries Robotic Officer Tactical Operation Research. A prototype robot intended for crime combat escapes from the development lab and goes on a killing rampage. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 