nm0003978:

 River of Death (1989)Summaries An adventurer (Hamilton) decides to go in search of the lost city in the Amazon jungle. A motley crew of other people with reasons of their own decide to join him for the wealth of the lost city. But to their horror they find out that they have bit off more than they can chew. What with a nazi doctor still doing his experiments on people in the same place. <sameeru_01@yahoo.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mercenary Fighters (1988)Summaries The president of an African country wants to boost his economy with a new dam. He ignores the protests of the tribes in the flooded region, so they declare rebellion. To avoid bad publicity, the president doesn't use his army, but hires four international mercenaries to find tribes leader Kuruba and smother the protest. However, after learning about the tribes' motivation, Vietnam veterans T.J. and Cliff realize how they're being used and reconsider. Tom Zoerner <Tom.Zoerner@informatik.uni-erlangen.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Delta Force 3: The Killing Game (1991)Summaries A terrorist places an atom bomb somewhere in an American metropolis. The president of the U.S. has no other choice, he has to call Delta Force. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Killing Streets (1991)Summaries When his twin brother is reported killed in a Beirut car explosion, a man turns the war-torn city upside-down in search of the truth. A young Marine is kidnapped by terrorists in Lebanon. His twin brother, frustrated at his inability to get any kind of information from the government about his brother's plight, travels to Lebanon with a plan for his own rescue operation. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 