nm0003012:

 The Mercy Man (2009)Summaries A copycat serial killer is stalking Manhattan. When an old friend of NYPD undercover cop, Willy Diaz, aka 'The Mercy Man,' is murdered, Diaz embarks on an odyssey through the city's mean streets to catch the killer. This gritty New York thriller, based on the bestselling novel of the same name, features the adventures of undercover NYPD cop Willy Diaz. When an old friend is savagely murdered in Washington Square, Diaz sets out to solve the crime and avenge his friend's death. Along the way he reluctantly accepts the assistance of Esme Pinyero a beautiful investigative reporter and mutual friend of the murdered man. The two investigators swiftly determine that a serial killer is stalking New York, recreating brutal murders of days past. The tough, intrepid and street-smart Diaz, nevertheless uses his wits and not violence to solve crimes. Willy Diaz represents the first Latin-American (Puerto Rican) hero in a main stream movie series. The film stars JC Hernandez (High Crimes, Against the Ropes, and Carlito's Way) as Willy Diaz, and Andre Royo (Shaft and HBO's award winning, The Wire), with a cameo by veteran film actor John Saxon and introduces new Brazillian actress Guenia Lemos. Rider McDowell makes his feature film directorial debut with The Mercy Man. Rider McDowell It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ten 'til Noon (2006)Summaries In ten minutes, everything can change - for these ten people, it will. An innovative real-time crime thriller in which the murderous events of one fateful day, committed between 11:50am and noon, are replayed from different points of view. Between 11:50 and 12:00 noon, a crime is commited. In the same ten minute period, we follow the lives of the ten people, all connected to this crime. As we see each person's point of view, we are propelled closer and closer to the truth of what exactly happened...and why. Anonymous A jet-lagged Larry Taylor awakens to find two strangers in his bedroom, and over the next ten minutes, will experience the most terrifying and possibly final moments of his life. But who these strangers are, and what they want, can only be determined by events occuring elsewhere and at the same time. we relive those same ten minutes through the eyes of those connected to what is not a simple home invasion, and with each person, find ourselves propelled closer to the truth. Paul Osborne It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 We Run Sh*t (2012)Summaries Five promoters, Five events, world renowned artists and DJs...one problem... zero cash. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 King Saud (2022)Summaries King Saud is a Hollywood murder mystery about high end prostitution and the roots of middle eastern terrorism. Two LA detectives investigate the murder of a Saudi prince under suspicious circumstances. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 