nm0005531:

 Saw II (2005)651) A detective and his team must rescue 8 people trapped in a factory by the twisted serial killer known as Jigsaw. Detective Eric Matthews, along with fellow police officers and a SWAT Team, locate Jigsaw's lair and go to arrest him, but discover that his arrest is only a part of Jigsaw's plan. Matthews soon learns that eight people are trapped in an old house and are playing one of Jigsaw's games. One of them is his own son, Daniel Matthews. Eric learns that if he wants to see his son again, he must play one of Jigsaw's games as well. Rebekah Swain When detective Eric Matthews is called to a crime scene of a victim of Jigsaw, he finds a lead to the place where he is hidden. Once there, he realizes that Jigsaw trapped his son Daniel Matthews with three women and four men in a shelter, and they are inhaling a lethal nerve gas. If they do not use an antidote within two hours, they will die. Eric follows with increasing desperation the death of each member of the group in monitors, while trying to convince Jigsaw to release his son. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Jigsaw returns. The brilliant mastermind behind the cruel identity is back for another round of his terrifically live or die games. When a new murder victim is found with all the signs of Jigsaws hand, Dectective Eric Matthews begins to investigate the full story and apprehends Jigsaw with a minimum lack of effort. Only for Jigsaw, getting caught is only one of the many parts of his plan. Eight more of his victims are already fighting for their lives its time for Eric Matthews to join, as the latest pawn on his vicious chalkboard. Anonymous Serial killer Jigsaw locks a group of eight unlucky people in his booby trapped shelter and they must find a way out before they inhale too much of a lethal nerve gas and die. But they must watch out, for the traps Jigsaw has set in the shelter lead to death also. Skip4591 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with Michael (Noam Jenkins), a police informant, finding himself ensnared in a deadly trap created by the Jigsaw Killer (Tobin Bell). A videotaped message informs him that a Venus flytrap-like helmet full of spikes has been locked around his neck and will close on his head unless he finds the key in time. Michael realizes, through hints left by Jigsaw, that the key has been implanted behind his right eye. He finds a scalpel nearby, but cannot bring himself to cut out his own eye. When the timer runs out, the device slams shut, killing him instantly. After arguing with his rebellious teenage son Daniel (Erik Knudsen), Detective Eric Matthews (Donnie Wahlberg) is called to the scene of yet another death perpetrated by Jigsaw on account of his name being written on the wall. Noticing that a padlock on the iron maiden-like device around the victim's neck bares a Wilson Steel logo, he gathers a SWAT team and arrives at the company's abandoned factory, which has now become another lair of Jigsaw's. A set of computer monitors shows several people trapped in a mysterious house, with Daniel among them; a timer is also present, with less than two hours left. Considerably weakened by his rapidly-advancing brain cancer, Jigsaw informs detective Mathews that he will see his son in a "safe, secure state" if he can sit in the room and converse with him long enough. In the house, the kidnapped people are trying to figure out how they got there. One person is passed out on the floor and later turns out to be Amanda Young (Shawnee Smith), a familiar face from the first Saw film wherein she was the only character to escape her trap. There are six people in addition to Daniel and Amanda, and none of them knows who the others are. Amanda finds a cassette player and a note falls to the floor. She plays the cassette and they all learn that the door to the house will open in three hours but a toxic nerve gas is leaking into the house which will kill them in two hours unless they can find antidotes. One of these is in a safe in the room with them; the combination to which is said to be "in the back of [their] mind." The tape also states that the key to how they are connected to each other is marked by an X. Gus (Tony Nappo) is quickly killed while peering out the door's peep hole because Xavier (Franky G) attempts to unlock the door with a key found with the note which reads "do not attempt to use the key on the door to this room." Saw II now intercuts between Jigsaw's lair as Matthews' talks with Jigsaw in an attempt to buy time while the video signal is traced, and the captives in the house trying to secure antidotes. In the basement, they find a message for Obi (Tim Burd) revealing that he helped in the capture of everybody in the house. Soon after, he is burned to death by a furnace after attempting to take the two antidotes from inside. While he is burning, he notices a switch that COULD have turned off the fire, next to a drawing of the devil (on the tape, jigsaw says "when you're in hell, only the devil can help you out"). He dies without getting the syringes out, and everyone goes back upstairs. A door without a padlock is found and Xavier pushes in the door which starts a count-down timer. Another tape is found, in which Jigsaw condemns Xavier for being a drug dealer. A pit with thousands of used hypodermic syringes is revealed, with a key to an antidote hidden within. Instead of searching the pit himself, Xavier throws Amanda in. Amanda retrieves the key, but Xavier fails to unlock the door before the timer runs out. The antidote remains locked up. Back in Jigsaw's office, he reveals that the people trapped in the house are all criminals who were framed by Matthews at one point, and that his son may be in danger should the others discover his identity. Matthews, growing impatient with Jigsaw's philosophical ramblings, trashes Jigsaw's models and plans; Jigsaw remains unmoved. Xavier, having abandoned the others, finds a colored number written on the back of Gus' neck. Realizing this is where the combination to the safe must be hidden, Xavier pulls out a knife and tells Jonus (Glenn Plummer) to turn around. Jonus assumes Xaxier means him harm and of course fights back and almost gets away but a coughing fit stops him. Xavier takes advantage of this fit and kills Jonas to retrieve his number and begins stalking the remaining captives. Laura (Beverley Mitchell) notices an X marking a painting on the wall and upon lifting it, finds a photo tacked to the back of it. The photo shows that Daniel is the son of their arresting officer, Eric Mathews. Soon after discovering the clue, Laura succumbs to the poison. Addison somehow finds another unlocked room and stumbles upon a glass box containing an antidote, a trap meant for Gus, and becomes caught in it. If she had only taken a moment to look around, she would have seen the key hanging from the ceiling on the other side of the box. Xavier comes to Addison, alerted by her screams for help, but only to obtain her number. Rather than unlock the box, he leaves her to die of blood loss. Xavier then discovers that Daniel is Matthews' son by finding the discarded photo and hunts him and Amanda down. Watching this on the monitors in Jigsaw's headquarters, Matthews loses control and violently assaults Jigsaw, nearly killing him and ultimately forcing him to take him to the house at gunpoint. As they depart, the tech team discovers the signal going to the monitors and follows it. Xavier pursues Amanda and Daniel through a trapdoor, which leads to the bathroom trap from the first film; inside are the decomposing severed foot of Dr. Gordon and the remains of Zepp Hindle and Adam Faulkner in an advanced state of decomposition. After Xavier threatens Amanda for her number, she asks him how he intends to read his own number. In response, Xavier slices off the piece of skin from the back of his neck where it is written. Xavier then attacks a prone Daniel, but he is revealed to be playing dead and slashes Xavier's throat open with Dr. Gordon's hacksaw from the previous film. Meanwhile, Matthews arrives at the house and makes his way inside, eventually finding the trapdoor. The SWAT team, meanwhile, arrives at the location of the video signal, but it is not the same house that has been shown on the monitors in Jigsaw's lair; the events in the house took place a few hours earlier and were broadcast from tapes. Matthews arrives in the bathroom and is stabbed in the thigh with a hypodermic syringe and knocked unconscious by a person wearing a pig mask. The timer at Jigsaw's lair expires and a safe opens, revealing Daniel inside wearing an oxygen mask. Matthews awakens to find himself chained to a pipe. An audio tape lying next to him reveals that Amanda has put him there. In a series of flashbacks, we learn that Amanda has become Jigsaw's protg, and that Matthews is her first victim, as revenge for framing her and sending her to prison where she became addicted to heroin. Amanda appears in the door and says "Game over!" before closing the bathroom door while Mathews screams threats and abuse. Outside the house, a very badly beaten Jigsaw slowly forms a smile, as he is happy that his master plan has worked perfectly. 
 Ransom (1996)651) Multi-millionaire Tom Mullen's son is kidnapped, but after initially agreeing to pay the ransom Mullen then decides to use the ransom money as a bounty. Tom Mullen is a millionaire, he built his fortune by working hard. Along the way he learned how to play the game. He has a great family. One day his son is kidnapped. He is willing to pay the ransom but decides to call in the FBI, who manages to go into his home secretly. When he goes to make the drop something goes wrong. The kidnapper calls him again and reschedules it. On the way Mullen decides not to go and appears on TV saying that the ransom he was going to give to the kidnapper is now a bounty on the kidnapper. rcs0411@yahoo.com When the son of multi-millionaire Tom Mullen is kidnapped, Mullen co-operates with the kidnappers and sets out to pay the ransom. However, a sequence of events convinces him that the kidnappers have no intention of releasing his boy again alive. So, instead of paying the ransom, he announces that he will pay the ransom money to whomever turns in the kidnappers and ensures his son is saved. There is now a bounty on the heads of the kidnappers. grantss Tom Mullen is a successful airline owner. His son, Sean, was kidnapped and held for ransom. Tom however, to everyone's astonishment, appears on the TV news and unexpectedly turns the tables on the kidnappers' leader, by offering money for his head. This step changes the kidnapper's plans. rsilberman Tom Mullen is a very rich airliner. He has it all; a happy family, success and wealth. One day during a conference at the park, his son goes missing. By the time he arrives home, he receives a video-taped message of his son, who has been kidnapped. He is willing to pay the ransom, but he calls the FBI in secret. However, when the drop goes bad, Tom tries another tactic against the criminals, using the money as a bounty on their heads. Emphinix Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. This movie begins with airline owner Tom Mullen (Mel Gibson) hosting a party at his swank New York City apartment. The party is being held to unveil his latest commercial which gives background information on how Tom became a self-made multi-millionaire airline entrepreneur. Interspersed with this is a montage of a group of kidnappers setting up a lair designed to hold a hostage. Later, Tom and his wife Kate (Rene Russo) and his son Sean (Brawley Nolte) attend a science fair in Central Park that Kate is a judge at. During this fair, Tom's son Sean wanders away and is kidnapped by men who throw him in the back of a white van and drop off. Tom and Kate quickly realize their son is missing and frantically begin to search for him. The kidnappers get in touch with the Mullens with a video message. The video is of Sean, blindfolded and chained up to a bed. An individual whose voice is electronically disguised demands $2 million in ransom, and threatens to have Sean killed if the police or the media are informed of what's happening. Even though the message said not to, Tom and Kate decide that someone must be alerted. They call up the FBI, who show up under the guise of being a crew of carpenters come to do renovation on the Mullens' penthouse, led by agent Lonnie Hawkins (Delroy Lindo). Hawkins asks if Tom and Kate want to negotiate or give in to the ransom demands, and finds that the two already have two suitcases all prepared for a hand-off, awaiting further instructions from the kidnappers. Meanwhile, in Brooklyn, the NYPD are conducting an investigation on a detained thief who tried to rob a corner bodega. As Detective Jimmy Shaker (Gary Sinise) and his partner interview the thief, he notices another man, Cubby Barnes, (Donnie Wahlberg) coming into the store buying kid's cereal and some video tapes. After seeing his partner and the detained thief off, Jimmy tails Cubby to the kidnapper's hideout. Sneaking in, he passes the locked room with Sean inside, and rousts Cubby by putting a gun to his head. As it turns out, Jimmy is actually the ringleader of the kidnappers, and chides Cubby for his overt recklessness, and he's lucky that none of the other cops at the bodega thought it suspicious that he, someone with a long criminal record, was buying kids' cereal. Back at Tom's penthouse, he confesses to Hawkins that a former union head of the machinist union may have had an involvement with the kidnapping of his son. Tom confides that he bribed the union president to call off a strike and the president went to jail while Tom escaped prosecution. Hawkins arranges a jailhouse meeting between Tom and the union leader in prison, but it is apparent from the meeting that the former union president had nothing to do with the kidnapping. Shortly thereafter, Jimmy calls with instructions regarding the drop-off of the ransom money. While on the phone, the FBI hit a major snag when they are unable to get a lock on the kidnapper's location due to technical scrambling on Jimmy's part. The FBI suggests that their 'double' for Tom make the drop, but Tom insists he do it himself. He is also set up with a wire to record any conversations. Tom reaches a specific street location, and his car's cellular phone then directs him to a gym. Jimmy instructs Tom to take the money with him, and dive into the gym's swimming pool to retrieve a locker-room key. This move causes the wire on Tom to short-circuit, destroying the FBI's planted mechanism. Tom then finds the locker, and a radio, which instructs him to put on some clothes provided in the locker, and put the money in two large duffel bags before he heads to a parked car outside to drive to the drop-off point. This leaves the suitcases in the gym, and out of the FBI's reach. Tom drives on as the sun goes down, not realizing that Jimmy is following him a few cars behind. Over the radio, Jimmy derides Tom that he seems to have no problems with buying his way out of tight situations (such as the one with the union leader). When it seems that none of Tom's questions or requests to speak to his son are being met, he pulls off the side of the road, though too late for Jimmy to notice. After awhile, the voice on the radio grows fainter, and Tom now realizes that Jimmy was following him. Pulling back onto the road, the signal grows stronger, and Jimmy instructs Tom to turn off towards an upcoming rock quarry. Here, he will turn over the money and receive an address to go to next. Arriving at the quarry, Cubby shows up, demanding the money. However, when Tom asks for the address, Cubby ignores him and struggles for the money. As this goes on, an FBI SWAT team shows up in two helicopters, preparing to capture Cubby. Cubby takes the money and tries to flee on an ATV. The SWAT team chase him down, with Cubby firing back at them, managing to wound one of them as they to rappel down to the ground. One of the snipers in the helicopters take a well-placed shot that hits Cubby in the neck, knocking him off the bike. Tom goes over hoping this person will reveal where his son is, but Cubby is mortally wounded, and bleeds to death without giving up the address. Tom is furious, blaming the FBI for killing the only known link to his son. However, Hawkins pacifies him by explaining that identifying the drop man does give them a lead. It turns out Cubby is a petty thief, and he runs a lot with his brother Clark (Liev Schreiber), who is a much higher fish in the criminal underworld. Finding Clark might lead them to Sean. At the hideout, Clark is furious over the death of his younger brother. He and Jimmy's girlfriend Maris Conner (Lili Taylor), who works for the Mullens as a part-time caterer, are in total agreement to simply kill Sean and give up. However, Jimmy angrily reprimands both that the plan for the ransom is still going to happen. Back at Tom's penthouse, the media have gotten word of the drop-off and Sean's kidnapping, and details are now being televised on television. Jimmy makes another digitally-altered call to Tom, giving him new instructions on where to drop off the money this time. After using the FBI's double to throw off the media, Tom attempts to follow the instructions. However, after listening to Jimmy's instructions, Tom changes his mind. He then informs the kidnapper to turn to the local Channel 5 news and watch it for the next few hours, before disconnecting the call. Tom then goes to the news station where their broadcast is interrupted for a special report from Tom. Seated behind a desk, with the $2 million ransom laid out around him, Tom then delivers a message to the kidnapper: He will not pay the ransom. Instead, he has decided to use the ransom money as a reward for information leading to the arrest or death of the kidnapper. Tom claims that the kidnapper will never get his ransom money, and will lift the reward if his son is let free. Tom goes back to his shocked wife and Hawkins, who have never heard of such a tactic. Tom is able to convince his wife that this is the best strategy to get their son back. He is convinced that based on how Cubby behaved at the first drop that the kidnappers plan on killing Sean when they get paid. Jimmy is losing control of his crew, who now want to dispose of Sean more than ever now that a bounty has been laid on their heads. Desperate, Jimmy sets up a new plan in hopes to rein in Tom's plan. He sends a note to Kate with the stipulation that she appear at a renovated Church at 2am without her husband's knowledge. Kate goes, where Jimmy ambushes her (wearing a mask to hide his face). Jimmy threatens to gut Sean unless his ransom demands are met, and leaves Kate shaken, along with Sean's shirt covered in blood stains. Coming back to her home, Kate is obviously shaken up and her faith in Tom's plan begins to falter. Hawkins plays on that, attempting to create a rift so that the ransom is paid - this course of action he thinks has the highest probability for safe recovery of Sean. However, Tom has other ideas. Leaving his apartment building, he walks right out into the midst of the media gathered on his doorstep, and reports that he is now doubling the reward to $4 million. Jimmy then calls up Tom again, allowing Sean to speak a few words, and then demanding that Tom pay the ransom. However, neither man is willing to give the other the edge, and a shouting match ensues before the voice on the other end of the line says he'll kill Sean now, and fires off a gun at the nearby wall, to bluff Tom and Kate into thinking he's killed Sean. The line cuts off, and Tom and Kate fear the worst. Back near Jimmy's place, the plan appears to have fallen apart. Jimmy goes to a nearby laundromat to think, as nearby, Clark and the technical specialist, Miles Roberts (Evan Handler) load their white van to leave. Back in the house, Maris contemplates killing Sean again. Jimmy then formulates a way to salvage the situation. From the laundromat, he takes out his radio and calls his dispatcher to make a distress call. He then goes outside, flashing his badge as he attempts to 'arrest' Miles and Clark. Realizing they've been double crossed, the two try to drive off, but not before Jimmy kills both of them. Planting a fired revolver on Miles, Jimmy is then caught off-guard when Maris emerges from the house, shooting him. Though it pains him to do so, Jimmy shoots Maris down too. As police units race to the scene, Jimmy staggers back into the house, and plants himself next to Sean's bedside, radioing in that he has found the kidnappers' lair and Sean. He remains in this position until the Emergency Service Unit breaches the place and discovers him. Tom and Kate are soon after alerted to the discovery, and are reunited with their son. As Jimmy is loaded onto an ambulance, Tom thanks him for saving his son's life. Over the course of the next few days, Jimmy is hailed as a hero by his peers and the public. Meanwhile, at the Mullens', Sean is still having trouble readjusting after his kidnapping. He is scared to be left in the dark, and his eyes have not yet readjusted back to natural light after having been blindfolded during almost the entire kidnapping. A couple days afterwards, Jimmy shows up at Tom's penthouse to collect the $4 million reward. Tom complies, and they go to his study where he begins to write out a check. As he does so, Jimmy then asks Tom a loaded' question: Why didn't he simply pay the ransom? Tom explains it was because the kidnapper was 'human garbage,' and that in the end if push had come to shove, he probably would have paid 10 times the reward to get his son back. As they talk, Sean wanders into Tom's eyeline off to the right, and upon seeing a bit of Jimmy's face and hearing his voice, Sean freezes up and urinates down the side of his pants. Tom catches this in his peripheral vision, and recalls that some news reports stated that they did not believe that Maris was the main kidnapper, and that she may have had an accomplice that escaped. Sean quietly leaves nearby, as Tom goes over and presents the check to Jimmy. However, Jimmy has noticed Tom's hesitation, and now figures the businessman is on to him. Jimmy then demands that Tom call his bank and wire the $4 million directly to his account, producing a gun to emphasize the threat. Tom counters by offering to take Jimmy to his bank and wire the money from there, after which Tom will allow Jimmy to be flown anywhere. Jimmy reluctantly accepts this, but still threatens Tom that one day he very well could return to get his son again. The two leave the apartment, and Tom makes a call on his car phone. However, calling under the pretense that he is making jet arrangements for Jimmy, Tom has actually contacted Hawkins and the FBI investigators. Tom mentions that they'll be stopping by his bank before heading to the airport. Jimmy suspects that Tom may be attempting to double-cross him, but before he can turn the speaker-phone on, Tom has ended the call. After exchanging pleasantries with a few police officers outside the bank, Tom and Jimmy enter the bank and are greeted like royalty, and Tom wires the money through to Jimmy's account. This is all to stall for time, as the FBI tips off the NYPD about Jimmy. Jimmy realizes this when they emerge from the bank and the police officers from earlier try to detain him. Jimmy pulls his gun and shoots them both, before darting into traffic. Tom quickly follows and attempts to subdue Jimmy. Eventually, the fight spills into the front of a storefront. Tom grabs Jimmy's gun and holds it towards him, just as the police arrive and demand their surrender. Tom lowers the gun, but Jimmy, though badly wounded, reaches for his backup weapon in an ankle holster. As he draws, Tom spots him and fires once, and Hawkins fires thrice, all four bullets hitting Jimmy and killing him. Kate soon after appears, and she and Tom walk off as the NYPD secure the crime scene. Over the course of the beginning of the credits, we watch as the scene is cleaned up, and before evening arrives, the once violent scene has returned to normalcy on the street corner. 
 The Sixth Sense (1999)651) A frightened, withdrawn Philadelphia boy who communicates with spirits seeks the help of a disheartened child psychologist. Malcom Crowe ( Bruce Willis ) is a child psychologist who receives an award on the same night that he is visited by a very unhappy ex-patient. After this encounter, Crowe takes on the task of curing a young boy with the same ills as the ex-patient ( Donnie Wahlberg ) . This boy "sees dead people". Crowe spends a lot of time with the boy much to the dismay of his wife ( Olivia Williams ). Cole's mom ( Toni Collette ) is at her wit's end with what to do about her son's increasing problems. Crowe is the boy's only hope. Jeff Mellinger <jmell@uclink4.berkeley.edu> To wipe the slate clean and get a chance to redeem himself after that soul-scarring incident one year ago, the Philadelphia child psychologist, Dr Malcolm Crowe, decides to take on his first new case--the profoundly troubled eight-year-old boy, Cole Sear. Exhibiting the same symptoms like one of his former patients, Cole goes one step further by solemnly claiming he has the gift, or curse, of a rare and unwelcome sixth sense; the mysterious ability to see the dreadful and unquiet spectres of the deceased who linger in this earth. However, can a slowly-recovering sceptic believe, let alone, heal, a desperate soul crying for help? And, what if Cole's disturbingly recurring apparitions are not figments of an injured fantasy, but an irrefutable reality? Nick Riganas Child psychologist Malcom Crowe ( Bruce Willis )is one night visited by an ex-patient named Vincent Grey ( Donnie Wahlberg ) who is not just angry, but enraged. He wounds Crowe, then kills himself. A few months later Crowe is visited by a 9-year old boy named Cole ( Haley Joel Osment ). He sees dead people who do not know they are dead. Because of this, he is called a freak in school. Crowe, at first thinks he is seeing things, but after spending a lot of time with Cole (much to his wife's ( Olivia Williams ) dismay), he discovers Cole may be seeing dead people after all. neo101 Child psychiatrist Malcolm Crowe ( Bruce Willis ) is confronted one night by his former patient Vincent Gray ( Donnie Wahlberg ) who he failed to help. After Vincent shoots Crowe in the stomach and kills himself, Crowe can't stop thinking about it. A few months later he is hired to help a troubled boy named Cole Sear ( Haley Joel Osment ), who has many of the same problems Vincent had. Crowe sees a chance to redeem himself, but doubts his ability to reach the boy, particularly when Cole claims to see ghosts who don't know they're dead. rmlohner Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dr. Malcolm Crowe (Bruce Willis), a prominent child psychologist, returns home one night with his wife, Anna Crowe (Olivia Williams), from an event in which he was honored for his work. His wife tells him that everything in the world is second to his job including her. The two discover they are not alone; a young man (Donnie Wahlberg) appears brandishing a gun. He says that he doesn't want to be afraid anymore and accuses Crowe of failing him. Crowe recognizes him as Vincent Grey, a former patient whom he treated as a child for hallucinations. Grey shoots Crowe in the lower abdomen, and seconds later turns the gun on himself. The next fall, Crowe begins working with another boy, nine year-old Cole Sear (Haley Joel Osment), who has a condition similar to Vincent's. Crowe becomes dedicated to this patient, though he is haunted by doubts over his ability to help him after his failure with Vincent. Meanwhile, his relationship with his wife begins to fall apart due to his focus on work. Once Crowe earns his trust, Cole eventually confides in him that he "sees dead people that walk around like regular people." Though Crowe at first thinks Cole is delusional, he eventually comes to believe that Cole is telling the truth and that Vincent may have had the same ability. He suggests to Cole that he try to find a purpose for his gift by communicating with the ghosts, perhaps to aid them in their unfinished business on Earth. Cole at first does not want to, because the ghosts terrify him, but he soon decides to try it. One is an overworked wife abused by her husband who slit her wrists; another that tries to hurt Cole is only heard as a voice who starts calmly pleading to Cole to let him out of the dark cupboard because he's suffocating, then yells at Cole that he didn't steal "the Master's horse" and threatens to attack Cole if he doesn't obey. The third ghost appears very briefly; a boy a bit older than Cole asks him to come into the room, to find the boy's father's gun. The boy turns around to show that he has a large gunshot exit wound on the back of his head. Cole finally talks to one of the ghosts, a very sick girl who appears in his bedroom. He finds out where the girl, Kyra Collins (Mischa Barton), lived and goes to her house during her funeral reception. Kyra died after a prolonged illness and funeral guests note that Kyra's younger sister is starting to get sick, too. Kyra's ghost appears and gives Cole a box, which is opened to reveal a videotape. When Cole gives it to Kyra's father, the videotape shows Kyra's mother putting floor cleaner fluid in Kyra's food while she cared for Kyra during her illness. The continual illness may point to a slow poisoning in a case of Munchausen syndrome by proxy.[2] Cole confesses his secret to his mother, Lynn (Toni Collette). Although his mother at first does not believe him, Cole soon tells Lynn that her own mother once went to see her perform in a dance recital one night when she was a child, and that Lynn was not aware of this because her mother stayed in the back of the audience where she could not be seen. He also tells her the answer to a question she asked when alone at her mother's grave. Lynn tearfully accepts this as the truth. Cole also counsels Crowe on his marriage, suggesting he try talking to his wife while she is asleep. Crowe returns to his home, where he finds his wife asleep on the couch with the couple's wedding video on in the background, not for the first time. As she sleeps, Anna's hand releases Malcolm's wedding ring (which he suddenly discovers he has not been wearing), revealing the twist ending of the film: Crowe himself was actually killed by Vincent and was unknowingly dead the entire time he was working with Cole. Due to Cole's efforts, Crowe's unfinished business rectifying his failure to understand Vincent is finally complete. Recalling Cole's advice, Crowe speaks to his sleeping wife and fulfills the second reason he returned, saying she was "never second," and that he loves her. Releasing her to move on with her own life, he is free to leave behind the world of the living. 
 Dreamcatcher (2003)66) Friends on a camping trip discover that the town they're vacationing in is being plagued in an unusual fashion by parasitic aliens from outer space. Four childhood friends, Jonesy, Beaver, Pete and Henry all share a special secret. Each year, they take a trip into Maine woods. This year is different. A blizzard occurs, and they recover a man found wandering around. Unbeknownst to them, this wandering individual isn't the only being to be found. Now they must act fast to stop the outbreak developing and to prevent the world from its doom. simon Four friends struggling with life meet in the Maine woods for their annual hunting trip. When a stranger stumbles in to their camp disoriented mumbling things about lights in the sky the four friends put in a struggle with a psychotic army colonel and a being that has taken control of one of their minds. <wasssupp80@hotmail.com> Jonesy, Pete, Beaver and Henry are all childhood friends, kept together by a special secret they share. Once every year, they go on a hunting trip to the Jefferson Tract. This year is different. They shelter a man who has been lost for days in the woods in the middle of a still-continuing blizzard. The man has odd marks on his face. As they discover the awful truth of what he is infected with, the military attempts to quarantine an alien virus as a result of an alien crash landing. The four friends must survive the alien infection and overpower a crazed military admiral who prepares to wipe out the whole Jefferson Tract in order to contain the alien infection. ipreach4ever "Dreamcatcher" tells the story of four young friends who perform a heroic act - and are changed forever by the uncanny powers they gain in return. Years later, on a hunting trip in the Maine woods, they are overtaken by a blizzard, a vicious storm in which something much more ominous moves. Challenged to stop an alien force, the friends must first prevent the slaughter of innocent civilians by a military vigilante, then overcome a threat to the bond between them. In the end, they confront an unparalleled horror, with the fate of the world in the balance. Anonymous Four boyhood pals in Derry, Maine, get together for a pilgrimage to their favorite deep-woods cabin, Hole in the Wall. They've all got midlife crises: clownish Beav has love problems; the intellectual shrink, Henry, is slowly succumbing to the siren song of suicide; Pete is losing a war with beer; Jonesy has had weird premonitions ever since he got hit by a car. Having arrived at Hole in the Wall they meet a mysterious stranger and all hell breaks loose... Erwin van Moll <max404@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 