nm0011388:

 Taxi (19781983)Summaries The staff of a New York City taxicab company go about their job while they dream of greater things. Louie De Palma is a cantankerous, acerbic taxi dispatcher in New York City. He tries to maintain order over a collection of varied and strange characters who drive for him. As he bullies and insults them from the safety of his "cage," they form a special bond among themselves, becoming friends and supporting each other through the inevitable trials and tribulations of life. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> This Emmy-winning sitcom follows the lives of a group of cabbies in New York. The employees of the Sunshine Cab Company are a motley crew, including frustrated actor Bobby, struggling boxer Tony, art gallery receptionist Elaine, and tyranical dispatcher Louie. For almost everyone, the cab company is just a temporary job that can be left behind when they make it in their chosen professions. The core of the company is disillusioned Alex, who's sure he will be driving a cab for the rest of his life. Burned-out ex-hippie minister Reverend Jim and mechanic Latka Gravas round out the group. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The White Shadow (19781981)Summaries A white former NBA professional retires from the pro game and gets a job as a basketball coach in a predominantly black inner-city high school. Ken Reeves was a professional basketball player who had to retire because of injuries. Against his sister Katie's advice, Ken takes a job as the basketball coach at Carver High School in Los Angeles, a tough, mixed-race school. Jim Willis, Ken's friend, was the principal for the first two seasons and was replaced by Sybil Buchanan, the former vice-principal, in the third year. J.E. McKillop <jack-mckillop@worldnet.att.net> After retiring from pro basketball due to several knee injuries, journeyman player Ken Reeves is hired by his best friend Jim Willis to become head coach at Carver High School in South Central Los Angeles. When he takes over he turns the school from losers into winners not only on the court, but off it as well as he becomes involved in his players lives as not only a coach, but a mentor as well. Brian Washington <Sargebri@att.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Facts of Life (19791988)Summaries Mrs. Edna Garrett, the Drummonds' former housekeeper, teaches a group of girls at a boarding school how to tackle issues throughout teenage life and later adulthood. A group of girls attending a boarding school experience the joys and the trials of adolescence under the guiding hand of housemother Edna Garrett, the Drummonds' maid on Diff'rent Strokes. Later in the series, she is promoted to school dietitian, and four of the girls move into new quarters above the cafeteria. She eventually leaves the school and opens her own business, with help from the girls. Kevin Ackley <kackley1@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Palmerstown, U.S.A. (19801981)Summaries In Depression-era South, Booker T. Freeman and David Hall become best friends, despite different racial backgrounds. Booker's dad Luther is the local blacksmith, W.D. Hall the grocer, with the families becoming close, due to the boys. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 