nm0003066:

 Unknown Sender (2008 )Summaries An anthology series of thriller and science fiction stories. They are loosely connected by being presented as actual events captured by closed circuit television (CCTV), surveillance monitors, and amateur videographers. They are collected and posted on the web by a mysterious, unseen "Unknown Sender". Dimos I It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chuck's Apartment (2018)Summaries "Chucks Apartment" is a High-Octane psychological crime thriller, about a lonely frustrated man struggling with his sanity It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pacific Blue (19962000)Summaries Bicycle officers patrol Santa Monica, California. This flashy cop series is all about the bicycle patrol of the Santa Monica Police Department, in which the officers and their flashy equipment are as young and casual as their work area, mainly the beach, and as agile and well-trained on their bikes as traditional mounted police on horseback. The bulk of their work is prevention and petty crime, such as pickpockets and purse-snatchers, but of course the more spectacular atypical cases, often one-offs, sometimes even involving the FBI, get extra attention. No less attention is paid to the relationships between all these hotshots (some change during the series), young and ambitious, sexy and horny, so there's lots of temptation, amorous and professional rivalry, conflicting personal and professional interests. Of course this causes most worries for their commanding Lieutenant, usually the one who has to deal with the regular hierarchy above him, originally Anthony Palermo, later on the very former rookie who long gave him most cause for concern, Terence "T.C." Callaway. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Driving Miss Lady (2022)Summaries A unique Drama Project written by Filmmaker Gregg Vance. "Driving Miss Lady," about Ethel, a very wealthy elderly lady, who lives in a very affluent area in Los Angeles. When her eye sight fails and she can no longer drive her own car, she hires Dean, the young live in tenant who rents the room in her house to be her driver. They form a unique bond as her close family gets worried about their inheritances. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 