nm0004835:

 Bad Boys II (2003)541) Two loose-cannon narcotics cops investigate the flow of Ecstasy into Florida from a Cuban drug cartel. Miami is being flooded with ecstasy that's coming from Cuba through drug lord Johnny Tapia. Detectives Mike Lowrey and Marcus Burnett are on the case, and are determined to bring the man to justice. Additional drama is provided by friction with the DEA, which counts Marcus' younger sister Sydney among its agents, and from Marcus possibly transferring out of the department, leaving Mike without his longtime partner. Narcotics cops Mike Lowrey ( Will Smith ) and Marcus Burnett ( Martin Lawrence ) head up a task force investigating the flow of ecstasy into Miami. Their search leads to a dangerous kingpin Johnny Tapia ( Jordi Moll ), whose plan to control the city's drug traffic has touched off an underground war. Meanwhile, things get sexy between Mike and Syd ( Gabrielle Union ), Marcus's sister. Anonymous Mike Lowrey ( Will Smith ) and Marcus Burnett ( Martin Lawrence ), who are part of the Miami PD's Tactical Narcotics Team (TNT), still don't always get along, and now they're keeping secrets from each other. Mike's secret is that he's been seeing Marcus' sister, Sydney "Syd" Burnett ( Gabrielle Union ) who is a reported paper pusher for the DEA's New York office. Marcus's secret is that he has asked for a transfer, because he wants to spend more time with his family, and less time with Mike. That's all set aside when their boss, Captain Howard ( Joe Pantoliano ) assigns them to stop the flow of record amounts of ecstasy into the city. This puts Mike and Marcus on the trail of the most dangerous enemy that they have ever faced...Cuban drug kingpin Hector Juan Carlos "Johnny" Tapia, who wants to take control of the entire ecstasy trade in the USA, and is working with local dealers and club owners such as Russian mafia boss Alexei. Every time the Miami PD has ever arrested Tapia, Tapia has sued the Miami PD for false arrest, and won millions of dollars. This has caused the department to back off and not go after Tapia. Well, everyone has backed off except for Mike and Marcus, who have never faced Tapia before. Now, it seems that Tapia is using a mortuary as a cover for his operations, smuggling ecstasy hidden inside dead bodies, while sending his money to Cuba in hidden compartments in the coffins. While Mike and Marcus try to bring Tapia down, they also deal with the discovery that Syd is actually working undercover for the DEA to bring down a money laundering operation run by Alexei, and as part of her undercover job, Syd is in deep with Tapia. When Haitian gangsters try to steal Tapia's money and kill Syd, the two investigations cross paths. Syd's cover is later blown, and she is kidnapped by Tapia, who takes her to his compound in Cuba. With the unofficial help of people from the CIA, the Miami PD, and anti-Castro forces in Cuba, Mike and Marcus head out to rescue Syd, and bring Tapia down. How far will Tapia go to keep his drug empire? And how far will Marcus and Mike go to rescue Syd? Todd Baldridge Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Staring Martin Lawrence (Marcus Burnett) and Will Smith (Mike Lowery) is the second in a series of movies, which they play under cover vice cops in Miami. This time they are out to take down a Cuban drug kingpin Johnny Tapia (Jordi Molla) who is smuggling Ecstasy pills into Miami. Martin has some mental issues with his partner, and they squabble with each other all through the movie. Martin wants to break away from Will, and Martin has good reasons, especially, after Will shoots him in the rear. 
 Monster's Ball (2001)541) After a family tragedy, a racist prison guard re-examines his attitudes while falling in love with the African-American wife of the last prisoner he executed. Set in the Southern United States, 'Monster's Ball' is a tale of a racist white man, Hank, who falls in love with a black woman named Leticia. Ironically Hank is a prison guard working on Death Row who executed Leticia's husband. Hank and Leticia's interracial affair leads to confusion and new ideas for the two unlikely lovers. Anna <annachan@amazon.com> Hank Grotowski is a prison guard whose son, who works on the prison's death row, commits suicide. Grotowski spirals into depression until one night he helps Leticia Musgrove's injured son. When he dies, the couple are united by grief, but as their relationship develops, he learns he and his son were party to the execution of her husband. Jwelch5742 Hank Grotowski is a prison guard. He works with his son, Sonny, and lives at home with his racist father, Buck. Lawrence Musgrove has just been executed and a horrible tragedy has happened at home. Now, Hank has just met Leticia, a young black woman struggling to make ends meet and they quickly fall in love to ease each other's pains. If only he knew that Leticia is Musgrove's widow... Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Hank Grotowski (Billy Bob Thornton), a widower, and his son, Sonny (Heath Ledger), are correctional officers in the local prison. They reside in Louisiana with Hank's ailing father, Buck (Peter Boyle), an unwavering racist whose wife had committed suicide. Hank's hateful attitude towards others, strongly influenced by his father Buck, results in Hank's hatred of his father, his son, and members of the neighboring community. As Hank and Sonny assist in the execution of convicted murderer Lawrence Musgrove (Sean "Diddy" Combs), the proceedings prove too intense for Sonny, who begins to vomit as he is leading Lawrence to the electric chair. Some time later, Hank drags Sonny out of bed and tells him to get out of the house. Unable to cope with the estrangement, Sonny grabs a gun. The confrontation ends in their living room with Hank at gunpoint, lying on the carpet, and Sonny in his grandfather's customary chair. Sonny asks his father, "You hate me, don't you?" After his father calmly confirms that he does and says he always has, Sonny responds, "Well, I always loved you," and then kills himself. Hank subsequently buries his son, quits his job at the prison, burns his uniform in the backyard, and locks the door of Sonny's room up tightly. Buck calls him a quitter. During the years of Lawrence's imprisonment, his wife, Leticia Musgrove (Halle Berry), has been struggling while raising their son, Tyrell (Coronji Calhoun). The boy, who inherited his father's artistic talent, is also morbidly obese. Along with her domestic problems, she also struggles financially, leading to the loss of the family car and more seriously, an eviction notice on her house. In desperate need of money, Leticia becomes employed at a diner frequented by Hank. One rainy night, Leticia and Tyrell are walking down a rain-soaked highway when the boy is struck by a car. Leticia is left helpless on the side of the road, grasping her son and calling out to passing motorists, although no one stops to help. Hank happens to be driving along, however, and sees Leticia, cradling her mortally injured son. He initially drives by as well, but goes back to pick them up, driving them to a hospital. Tyrell dies upon arrival, and Hank lends his shoulder for Leticia to cry on. At the suggestion of the authorities at the hospital he drives her home. They have a lot in common, as they both lost sons but they don't find that out until later. Some time later on Hank gives Leticia a ride home from the diner and after they begin talking in the car and find out about their common losses, she invites him in and they drown their grief with alcohol.They begin a relationship, which is initially based on sex and relief from loneliness but later becomes emotionally supportive. Hank finds out that Leticia is Lawrence's widow, but he does not tell her that he participated in her husband's execution. Leticia stops by Hank's home with a present for him. Hank is not home, but Buck is. Buck insults Leticia using raw racist language and implying that Hank is only involved with her because he wants to have sex with a black woman. She responds by rejecting Hank. This incident proves to be the last straw for Hank and he decides to send his father to a nursing home and it is implied that Hank will cut him out of his life as well. Leticia is evicted from her home for non-payment of the rent and Hank invites her to move in with him. She agrees. Leticia discovers Hank's involvement in her husband's death while he is gone but is there waiting for him when he returns from town with ice cream. At first she looks dazed but gradually she seems to cheer up. As they sit on the porch, eating ice cream and gazing up at the stars, Hank says, "I think we're going to be all right." Leticia smiles, acknowledges the transition and new care and love but does not reply. 
 Get Him to the Greek (2010)321) A record company intern is hired to accompany out-of-control British rock star Aldous Snow to a concert at L.A.'s Greek Theater. English rock star Aldous Snow relapses into drugs and booze after a break up and a disastrous record. In L.A., Aaron Green works for a record company stuck in recession. Aaron's boss gives him a career making task - to bring Aldous from London to L.A. for a concert in 72 hours. That day, Aaron's girlfriend Daphne tells him she wants to finish her medical residency in Seattle. Aaron's sure this ends their relationship. In London, things aren't much better: Aldous delays their departure several times, plies Aaron with vices, and alternates between bad behavior and trenchant observations. Can Aaron moderate Aldous's substance abuse and get him to the Greek? What about Daphne? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rock star Aldous Snow (Russell Brand) releases an album and an accompanying single "African Child". The song and music video flops, is banned and called "the worst thing to happen to Africa since the apartheid" by NME. His girlfriend, Jackie Q (Rose Byrne), takes custody of their son, Naples, and leaves him; as a result, Aldous hits rock bottom by drinking and doing drugs excessively once again. Meanwhile, in Los Angeles, Aaron Green (Jonah Hill) is a driven, idealistic young college graduate who works as a low-level talent scout at Pinnacle Records. He lives with his girlfriend, Daphne (Elisabeth Moss), a doctor in her internship, but they do not get to see each other often due to her heavy work schedule. Pinnacle Records has lost a lot of money, so the head of the company, Sergio Roma (Sean "Diddy" Combs), asks for ideas. Green proposes to have Aldous Snow play at the Greek Theatre in Los Angeles for the tenth anniversary of a particularly famous performance there. One month later, he sends Aaron to London to retrieve Aldous. Before leaving, Aaron visits sleep-deprived Daphne at her hospital to tell her that he'll be gone for a few days. She informs Aaron that she received a job offer at a hospital in Seattle, where she will have a less hectic work schedule. Aaron doesn't appreciate her insisting that they move to Seattle and leave their current jobs behind, and an argument ensues and leads to an implied break-up. After retrieving Aldous from his apartment, Aaron tries desperately to control Aldous' rambunctious behavior, which causes them to miss several flights. They bar-hop across the city for several hours, leaving a trail of women and alcohol in their wake. Daphne calls him to apologize for the fight, but Aaron already believes that they had broken up. Throughout this partying, buttons on Aaron's cell phone (placed in his pocket) accidentally call his girlfriend, and his girlfriend overhears him partying with other women. Once the two have made it to New York, they proceed to Aldous' Welcome Back performance on Today. Aaron receives word from Sergio to keep Aldous sober for his performance, and Aaron consumes all of Aldous' alcohol and marijuana on the way to the program. Minutes before the performance, Aldous realizes that he is unable to remember the lyrics to his favorite song, "African Child", shortly after Aaron had admitted to "African Child" being his least favorite Infant Sorrow song. Placing resentment and blame on Aaron, he sends him on a frenzy of drunk desperation in search of the lyrics. Aaron is unable to complete this task, and after the first few bars of "African Child", Aldous stops his band, and plays one of his older hits called "The Clap" to cheers and excitement from the audience. Aaron had also mentioned earlier that "The Clap" is his personal favorite. While preparing to fly to Los Angeles, Aldous forces Aaron to smuggle heroin in his anus. During their travels and time in London and New York, Aaron learns that Aldous has become miserable and lonely, as he misses his son and has not seen any signs of genuine love from his own dad in years. Aaron shares his relationship troubles, and Aldous encourages him to enjoy his time in Los Angeles. Giving advice to Aldous, Aaron suggests he visits Jackie Q and his father and so the two make a stop in Las Vegas the night prior to the show to see Aldous's father. Sergio also arrives, wanting to help oversee the final proceedings. Sergio hooks up Aaron with a ditzy, sexually rambunctious girl named Destiny (Carla Gallo), who takes him to a room, shows him her pubic hair and rapes him. During this, his phone against accidentally calls his Daphne and she hears an out-of-context sample of what is going on. After Aaron tells Aldous that he has been raped, the other men laugh it off, and they encourage him to smoke a "Geoffrey", a joint which is eventually described as "a Neapolitan of drugs". Upon being told about the extra ingredients in the Geoffrey, Aaron panics and starts believing he is having a heart attack (he is actually just having a bad trip). Aldous' father repeatedly says that it is a heart attack, making the trip worse, whilst Aldous repeatedly attempts to calm Aaron down by telling him "to stroke the furry wall". Aldous has a fight with his father; Sergio jumps in the fight (also high on Geoffrey), and their tussle ends up setting the hotel room on fire. Aldous attempts to help Aaron with an adrenaline shot to the heart and they run out of the hotel, chased by Sergio who is then hit by a car. Aldous and Aaron are driven to Los Angeles, where Snow visits Jackie Q. She has been sleeping with Metallica's drummer, Lars Ulrich (playing himself) - and is apparently engaged to him, and confesses to Aldous that Naples is not actually his biological son. This depresses him even further. Meanwhile, Aaron goes to his home to apologize to Daphne. The are interrupted when Aldous Snow comes to their house and becomes involved in the conversation. Snow proposes that he, Aaron, and Daphne engage in a threesome because Aaron had been with other women during his time with Aldous Snow. During the threesome, resentful Aaron angrily decides to kiss Aldous, eventually ending the threesome. Daphne feels horrible about the threesome, and storms out of the room. Aaron angrily tells Aldous to go, and criticizes Aldous' overall mental state. Instead of preparing for his show, Aldous goes to the rooftop of the Standard Hotel in Downtown Los Angeles, and calls Aaron, threatening to jump. Aaron rushes to the hotel rooftop pool in an attempt to coax Aldous down from the roof. Aldous attempts to jump down to the pool instead of killing himself, and accidentally shatters his arm against the poolside. Aldous tells Aaron that he is lonely and feels unconnected to people. Aaron tells Aldous that he is trying too hard, and that thousands of fans love him and are waiting just to see his face. Aldous, inspired by Aaron's words, decides to go and perform at the Greek theatre. Aaron tries to take him to the hospital, but Aldous insists on making it to his performance at the Greek. Upon his arrival, Sergio attempts to offer Aaron drugs to give to Aldous to ease the pain he is in. Aaron angrily refuses and quits his job on the spot. He walks stage-side with Aldous, trying to convince him one last time to go to the hospital instead. However, Aaron sees how happy Aldous is performing and allows him to continue while he himself goes home and reconciles with his girlfriend. Months later in Seattle (where Aaron and his girlfriend have moved), a healthier and sober Aldous Snow has returned to fame with a single produced by Aaron based on events from their night in Las Vegas, performing on the VH1 Storytellers program. 
 Godzilla (I) (1998)431) French nuclear tests irradiate an iguana into a giant monster that heads off to New York City. The American military must chase the monster across the city to stop it before it reproduces. In the wake of extensive nuclear testing in the South Pacific Ocean, the low-profile scientist, Niko Tatopoulos, is summoned by the U.S. Army to shed light on the mysterious attack on a fishing ship, and the ominous sightings of a gargantuan sea-dragon. Before long, a mutated scaly nightmare in the shape of Godzilla--a massive and all-powerful radioactive sauroid--threatens to level the rain-soaked New York City, against the backdrop of a crippling bureaucracy and the military's futile attempts to stop the invincible beast from the ocean. Now, it's up to Niko; the cryptic insurance agent, Philippe; the determined reporter, Audrey, and her brave cameraman, Victor, to put an end to Godzilla's reign of terror before it's too late. Is there a reason why Godzilla has chosen Manhattan for its den? Nick Riganas Following the French atomic bomb tests in the South Pacific, an unknown creature is spotted passing eastward through the Panama Canal. Scientist Niko Tatopolous is called in to investigate the matter, and he quickly arrives at the conclusion that a giant, irradiated lizard has been created by the explosions. Godzilla then makes its way north, landing at Manhattan to begin wreaking havoc in the big city. Even with the combined forces of the U.S. military to fight the monster, will it be enough to save the people of New York? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts with a reel showing nuclear tests on the island of French Polynesia. It shows some lizards on the island and after a huge explosion, we see a single unhatched egg. On a fishing boat in the South Pacific Ocean workers are sorting the fish in their latest catch and the captain sees a weird mark on the radar headed towards the boat. He sounds the alarm and the boat is hit by a large & mostly unseen beast. The monster proceeds to rip giant holes in the boat, which is capsized. Scientist Niko "Nick" Tatopoulous (Matthew Broderick) is collecting earthworms in Chernobyl, Ukraine for study when a helicopter appears and a man from the U. S. State Department tells him hes being reassigned to a different project. In Tahiti, a mysterious French man is interrogating an old man who was the only survivor of the attack on the Japanese fishing boat. When asked what attacked him, and when the French man shows him the flame from a cigarette lighter, he simply replies in a terrified tone "Gojira". Nick then arrives in Panama where Colonel Hicks (Kevin Dunn) briefs him on his next assignment. He leads him to his next sample and tells him to study it. Nick doesn't see the sample until he realizes he is in a depression in the ground that is actually a giant footprint. Nick runs after Hicks and starts telling him that its unbelievable and that nothing on earth can make a footprint that big. He is then introduced to his new boss, Elsie (Vicki Lewis), who says that she tried tell Hicks that this project isn't really in Nick's field of study. Dr. Craven (Malcome Danare) shows up and puts on a tape showing the shipwreck and the interrogation of the old man. In New York City, Audrey (Maria Pitillo) is getting out of a cab with groceries for her boss and goes upstairs to the news studio. After putting the groceries down she asks her boss, Caiman (Harry Shearer) for a job as a reporter. He says no and goes to his anchor job. Audrey then puts her gum on the nose of a nearby poster of Caiman. Nick and the team have been flown to Jamaica and while in a car ride to the site of another shipwreck, Elsie asks Nick some questions. We learn that he is a radiation scientist studying the abnormal growth of earthworms due to radiation, and that he had a girlfriend a long time ago. At the shipwreck, Hicks is trying to shoo reporters away when the French man who interrogated the crew member shows up and says that they are with him and are preparing a report. Hicks get rid of them eventually. Down on the beach, Nick takes a tissue sample for study. In the ocean on the Eastern seaboard, 3 fishing trawlers are bringing in a day's catch when the nets seem to get stuck on something. The boats then are towed underwater and all members of crew abandon ship. One of the trawlers comes back up upside-down. Hicks and team hear the report about the fishing trawlers while flying back to America and Nick then concludes that it is a new species created by the nuclear tests in the French Polynesia where it was first sighted. Back in New York, Audrey and her friend Lucy (Arabella Field) and Lucy's husband Victor "Animal" Palotti (Hank Azaria) are having dinner at a restaurant when Audrey sees Nick on TV. We learn that Audrey is Nick's old girlfriend and that he had proposed to her. She'd turned him down and he'd left her. Down at the docks a man is fishing when his line is taken by what he thinks is a huge fish. The beast that attacked the fishing boats surfaces and destroys the dock and proceeds into the city. When it passes the restaurant, Animal chases it with his camera and manages to get a small video of it near Grand Central Station. The monster continues to stomp through the city -- it's foot nearly crushes Animal. Elsewhere down the street, Mayor Ebert (Michael Lerner) is giving a speech for re-election when the monster storms through the street. It takes gigantic strides, oblivious to the destruction it causes. Hicks arrives at the city and asks for a status report, Sgt. O'Neal (Doug Savant) reports that the monster has disappeared. Hicks is incredulous, wondering how an animal that big could disappear so easily in Manhattan. Nick tells them that Manhattan is an island but a unique one: much of it is covered with skyscrapers, giving the creature plenty of opportunity to hide. Animal's video is broadcast on TV and while handing Caiman his bag, Audrey steals his ID badge. She then replaces Caiman's picture with her own taking on the identity of a reporter. The French man shows up again and we learn that his name is Phillipe Roache (Jean Reno). He offers the assistance of a special sector of the French government to Mayor Ebert while slyly placing a microphone on the back of his jacket collar. The mayor then goes to a meeting with Hicks and the crew with Roache and his team listening in when O'Neal says that finding the monster may be tough since they found the 23rd street subway station destroyed. The beast had burrowed his way through the tunnel and could be anywhere under the city. Hicks then tells O'Neal to block off every tunnel leaving the island effectively quarantining the island. Nick then suggests bringing the monster out with bait. The bait is a large pile of fish set up near Madison Square Park. One of Roache's gang plants video cameras so they can spy on the American authorities. When one of the team says that the fish trap is crazy, Roache replies "No. Very Clever." The trap works and Godzilla arrives and starts eating the fish. The Army opens fire. While being fired upon, the monster escapes and proceeds to run through the city with three helicopters in pursuit. Their missile strikes are ineffective because the monster is cold-blooded and doesn't give off a heat signature for the missiles to lock onto. After a missile strike intended for the monster knocks the top off of the Chrysler Building the copters switch to miniguns with ineffective results. The beast then turns from the hunted to the hunter, destroying the helicopters. He disappears again. Back at the intersection, Nick takes a blood sample found on the street and then is transported to New Jersey. He enters a shop and buys about five different pregnancy tests when Audrey walks in and we learn the secret to the past. They then go back to Nick's tent where Nick finds out that the monster is pregnant from the blood sample and goes to confirm it. Audrey plays a tape saying TOP SECRET on it and then takes it and leaves. At a meeting we see the leaders planning to draw the beast out again this time to a more open area like Central Park when Nick presents his theory of the creature being pregnant and tries to get the others to believe him. He theorizes that the monster will create a nest like other lizards and that the fish they've been finding around the city is food for it's young. Audrey prepares her report with the tape she stole. Her report goes live after being stolen by Caiman (who dubs the beast "Godzilla", a mispronunciation of "Gojira" from the tape Audrey stole) and Nick is fired for going to the press with his ideas even though he hadn't. He then realizes that Audrey took the tape. After hearing this, Roache plans to leave. While Nick packs up Elsie apologizes and Nick tells her to get Hicks to find the nest. While climbing into a taxi, Audrey shows up and tries to apologize, but the angry and betrayed Nick blows it off. He tells the driver to go to Newark Airport but the drivers locks the doors and drives a different way. Animal follows in a van. When Nick finally gets the driver to stop, Roache reveals himself as the driver and explains the situation. He is part of the French Secret Service and his mission is to protect his country from their own creation. Nick then figures out that Godzilla was created in the French Polynesia during the nuclear testing just like he thought. Nick agrees to help Roache find the nest because Hicks doesn't want to find it. Roache drives them to a base where they prep to enter the city and Animal watches from a hole in the wall. Animal then returns home where he finds Audrey crying because she believes that Hicks not going for the nest is her fault. Animal then convinces her to help him follow Nick and Roache to find the nest. Nick and Roache's team sneak back into the city disguised as US Army soldiers. In Central Park, Hicks has set another trap. While traveling down a wrecked subway, Animal sets off a huge noise that awakens Godzilla and sends him to open air. He proceeds cautiously toward the fish trap but turns away. The army starts firing and Godzilla runs to the river. Though the Army thinks he's escaped again, the Navy has subs waiting for him. After dodging 2 torpedoes Godzilla crashes into one of the subs and the torpedoes destroy while following him. Godzilla then goes back towards land and is hit by two more torpedoes, seemingly killed. Nick and the team then discover that Godzilla has made his nest inside Madison Square Garden (MSG). They discover only 200 eggs which begin hatching. Roache's team has explosive charges but they're insufficient to cause any real damage to the nest. Suddenly, the eggs around them begin to hatch, releasing dozens of baby lizards. In another part of MSG, Audrey and Animal escape into the shower room and then proceed up into the vent. While shutting all the doors to lock them in the arena 2 of Roache's 4 man team are killed by the babies. Nick tries to call the military to send a bomber but all the circuits are busy. Roache then tells him to get out and find help while his team holds them off. Nick cant get out and the last 2 members of Roache's team are killed. Roache and Nick are trying to think of a way to contact the military when Audrey and Animal fall out of the vent. The babies then break the door down just as Audrey comes up with an idea to get a message out. They manage to get to the broadcast booth and send a message out through live TV. The military gets the message and tells them via e-mail that they have less than 6 minutes to get out. They make it to the lobby with 30 sec. to go but the lobby is jam packed with the babies. Roache then finds a way through and gets them out just before F-18s destroy the building. All the infant lizards are killed. After that Audrey and Nick get back together but before they can say anything else Godzilla rises from the ruins. He sniffs one of the dead babies then glares at Nick and the others. They immediately run away to a taxi and drive away with Godzilla chasing them. After a furious chase around Midtown, Nick sees O'Neal and throws the cab ID to him. O'Neal figures out that he can use the cab ID to find the radio frequency to contact Nick. Meanwhile, Nick and the others get stuck in a tunnel with Godzilla trying to dig them out. O'Neal contacts them and Nick comes up with a plan to trap Godzilla in the suspension cables of the Brooklyn Bridge. They get Godzilla onto the bridge after a terrifying incident in his mouth and the beast is ensnared in the cables. Hicks orders the F-18s that blew up MSG to circle back and fire on the beast. They hit him with several missiles. Godzilla falls dead, landing right on Nick's cab. While the city celebrates, Caiman offers a job to Audrey because then his channel would get the exclusive, but she quits. Animal realizes that the tape he had brought to film the entire event is gone. Roache disappears, but calls Nick from a phone booth telling him goodbye and that he will send the tape after he makes a few adjustments to it. Nick then tells Animal this after Roache hangs up and Animal is furious. In MSG, basketballs and towels are burning and there is fire everywhere. One egg is still unhatched and the baby hatches and roars at the camera. 