nm0000667:

 Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 2 (2011)431) Harry, Ron, and Hermione search for Voldemort's remaining Horcruxes in their effort to destroy the Dark Lord as the final battle rages on at Hogwarts. Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue their quest of finding and destroying Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') three remaining Horcruxes, the magical items responsible for his immortality. But as the mystical Deathly Hallows are uncovered, and Voldemort finds out about their mission, the biggest battle begins, and life as they know it will never be the same again. Jordan Harry (Daniel Radcliffe), Ron (Rupert Grint), and Hermione (Emma Watson) continue to find the rest of Voldemort's (Ralph Fiennes') Horcruxes, until Harry discovers that one is at Hogwarts, they flee there as soon as possible, but Voldemort instantly finds out about their mission. The battle is drawn at Hogwarts as many people fight to protect Harry. Harry then realizes that people are dying constantly for his mistakes and then eventually fights Voldemort for the last time. Along the way, crucial secrets are unravelled, and the mysterious, but legendary, Deathly Hallows reappear. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After burying Dobby at the garden of the Shell cottage, Harry Potter ( Daniel Radcliffe ) convinces Griphook ( Warwick Davis ) to help them get to Lestrange's vault in Gringotts, to retrieve one of Voldemort's Horcruxes in exchange for Godric Gryffindor's Sword. Meanwhile, Ollivander ( John Hurt ), the Wandmaker warns Harry that he won't stand a chance with Voldemort ( Ralph Fiennes ) who has the Elder Wand. They arrived in Gringotts, Hermione ( Emma Watson ) disguised as Bellatrix ( Helena Bonham Carter ), using a Polyjuice Potion, Ron ( Rupert Grint ) disguised as a random wizard while Harry and Griphook go under the Invisibility Cloak. With the help of Imperius curse, they manage to get to the carts that take them down to the vaults, but when their cover is blown, Gringotts security attacks them. They manage to get to Lestrange's vault and find the Horcrux, Helga Hufflepuff's Cup, at which Griphook betrays them and flees with the sword yelling "Thieves! Thieves!" Harry grabs the Horcrux and the trio escape using a captive dragon. As they swim ashore of a lake, after jumping off the dragon, Harry has a vision about Voldemort receiving the news that the Horcrux was stolen. Harry sees that Voldemort is angry and scared. Voldemort kills the goblins, including Griphook, that bring him the news. Harry also sees that the next Horcrux is related to Rowena Ravenclaw, and is in Hogwarts castle. The three Apparate to Hogsmeade in hopes of sneaking into the school but a Caterwauling charm is set off that warns the Death Eaters of the trio's arrival. They are saved by Aberforth Dumbledore ( Ciarn Hinds ), Albus's brother, who Harry has seen through the mirror that he has. The trio use a passageway to Hogwarts provided by Aberforth, with Neville Longbottom ( Matthew Lewis ) leading the way. The group arrives at the Room of Requirement where Dumbledore's Army made a resistance from Snape's regime. As headmaster, Snape ( Alan Rickman ) has turned Hogwarts into a lifeless prison. Harry confronts him in front of the entire school by saying, "How dare you stand where he stood. Tell them how it happened that night. How you looked him in the eye, a man who trusted you, and killed him" (referring to Albus Dumbledore). Minerva McGonagall ( Maggie Smith ) intervenes and fights Severus, who flees to his master. Meanwhile, Voldemort has summoned his army and surrounds Hogwarts. McGonagall and the other Hogwarts staff made a barrier to keep the school safe from any attack. Hermione and Ron go to the Chamber of Secrets to get a basilisk fang (which can destroy Horcruxes), destroy Hufflepuff's Cup, and abruptly kiss. Harry, with the help of Rowena Ravenclaw's ghost daughter, Helena, finds out that the Ravenclaw Diadem was hidden, by Voldemort, in the Room of Requirement. He goes there, but is confronted by Malfoy and friends. When one of Malfoy's cohorts creates an unstoppable fire (and perishes due to it), Harry, Ron and Hermione rush to escape on brooms. They save Malfoy ( Tom Felton ) and his other friend on the way. They destroy the diadem using a basilisk fang. Voldemort uses the Elder Wand to destroy the shield around Hogwarts. Voldemort and Snape then meet in the boat house, where Voldemort tells Snape that the Elder Wand is not truly his, because he is not the master of it; that Snape is the master of the wand because Snape killed Dumbledore, the previous master. So, Voldemort attacks Snape, and then orders Nagini to kill him. Meanwhile, Harry had been looking into Voldemort's mind to see where he was, and so knew that he was in the boathouse. Harry, Ron and Hermione witness all of this, and when Voldemort disapparates, go into the boathouse. Snape cries a tear of memories, and comments on how Harry has his mother's eyes, and dies. Voldemort then speaks into the minds of every person in the area. He commands his forces to retreat so that the fighters at Hogwarts can dispose of their dead with dignity. He then tells Harry that, unless he gives himself up in the Forbidden Forest, Voldemort will kill everyone who stands in his way. Harry, Ron, and Hermione go back to the castle and find that Lupin ( David Thewlis ), Tonks ( Natalia Tena ), and Fred ( James Phelps ) have all died. Harry goes to the Headmaster's office, where he uses the Pensieve to view Snape's memories. Harry learns that Snape has been on the good side ever since Voldemort decided to kill Lily Potter (Harry's mother). Snape loved Lily almost his entire life, and promised to do anything for Dumbledore as long as he protected her. Then, when she was murdered, Snape promised to protect Harry in her place. We learn that Dumbledore had told Snape to kill him, as he would die soon anyway. We then learn that Harry is a Horcrux. Voldemort accidentally created one that fateful night at Godric's Hollow. For this reason, Harry must die. Harry then goes to the Forbidden Forest and opens the snitch (by saying I am ready to die). The Resurrection Stone appears inside the snitch, and Harry uses it to bring back his deceased loved ones. Harry faces Voldemort who uses the killing curse to kill Harry. Harry wakes up and talks with Dumbledore ( Michael Gambon ) in a 'heaven-like" place. They talk a little, and Dumbledore says that Voldemort actually killed the bit of his soul that was in Harry, and not Harry himself. So, Harry decides to go back to the Forbidden Forest (his body was always there, but his consciousness was not). Voldemort has Narcissa Malfoy ( Helen McCrory ) check if Harry is alive. When she reaches Harry, she finds that he is alive, and asks Harry quietly if Draco is still alive. Harry nods, and she pronounces him dead. Believing that he is truly dead, Voldemort's army marches down to the defenseless Hogwarts while Harry is being carried by the tied Hagrid ( Robbie Coltrane ). Voldemort torments the students and staff as they are now vulnerable and he's ready for anyone who wants to join him. Neville then gives a moving speech in which he says that although Harry is dead, the fight is not over. He then gets the sword of Gryffindor from the sorting hat. Harry reveals himself to be alive and casts a spell to Voldemort and his army. Many of the other Death Eaters flee, including the Malfoy family. Battle ensues inside the castle, and Harry and Voldemort face off and continuously cast spells at each other. On the other hand, Hermione and Ron try to kill the last Horcrux, Nagini. However, they fail to do so. However, when the snake is about to kill them, Neville kills it by decapitating its head using the sword of Gryffindor. Harry and Voldemort cast spells at each other, and Voldemort's killing curse backfires, and kills him, as the Elder wand flies to Harry. Harry explains to Ron and Hermione that Draco was master of the wand, not Snape, because Draco disarmed Dumbledore before Snape killed him. Then, at Malfoy Manor, Harry disarmed Draco, making Harry the true master of the wand. Harry then snaps the wand in two, and throws it away forever. 19 years later, Harry and Ginny ( Bonnie Wright ) are now parents and are guiding Albus Severus Potter and their other children into platform 9 3/4. When Albus is nervous about being sorted into Slytherin, Harry reveals to him that the sorting hat will take your opinion into account. The Potters meet up with Ron and Hermione (who are married) who then watch as their kids ride away on Hogwarts express. 
 Naked (1993)Summaries An unemployed Mancunian vents his rage on unsuspecting strangers as he embarks on a nocturnal London odyssey. Johnny flees Manchester for London, to avoid a beating from the family of a girl he has raped. There he finds an old girlfriend, and spends some time homeless, spending much of his time ranting at strangers, and meeting characters in plights very much like his own. John Hartnup <hartnupj@cs.aston.ac.uk> Naked tells the tale of Johnny, who flees Manchester for London after violently raping a woman. In London he crashes with ex-girl friend Louise and her flat mate Sophie. Both Johnny and Sophie seduce and eventually fall for one another. Johnny though, eventually gets fed up of Sophie's clinging and obsessive actions and leaves for the streets. In the following days Johnny unwittingly encounters all sorts of undesirable and peculiar people. An abusive Scottish boyfriend and girlfriend, a security guard of an empty building, an insomniac and a lonely young waitress. Meanwhile Louise and Sophie are tormented by the landlord from hell, Sebastian, who is abusive, violent, threatening and even rapes Sophie on their first encounter. By the end of his journey Johnny is beaten by a gang of youths. He stumbles his way back to the house not only bringing with him his chaos but stumbling into the chaos brought on from Sebastian. Luke Foster It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Omen (2006)321) An American official realizes that his young son may literally be the Devil incarnate. When the Vatican observatory Priest sees the appearance of a comet, the Church is sure that it confirms the eve of the Armageddon. Meanwhile, the U.S. President's godson Robert Thorn (Liev Schreiber) is informed in the maternity ward in Rome by Father Spiletto (Giovanni Lombardo Radice) that his wife Katherine (Julia Stiles) has just lost her baby and she had troubles with her uterus and would not have another pregnancy. Spiletto suggests to Robert that another just-born child that lost his mother could be the substituted for his son, and Robert accepts the child and gives him the name of "Damien". Robert is promoted to ambassador in London after a tragic accident. When Damien's nanny (Amy Huck) commits suicide during his birthday party, a substitute, Mrs. Baylock (Mia Farrow), comes to work and live with the family. Through the years, Katherine realizes that Damien is evil, while Robert is contacted by Father Brennan (Pete Postlethwaite), who tells him that Damien is the son of devil. When the Priest dies in a bizarre accident, photographer Keith Jennings (David Thewlis) shows evidence to Robert that the boy is the Antichrist. They travel to the town of Megiddo to learn how the boy can be stopped. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Robert Thorn (Liev Schreiber), an American diplomat stationed in Italy, is told that his son died soon after birth. To spare the anguish of his still unconscious wife, Katherine (Julia Stiles), Robert accepts the suggestion of the hospital's Catholic priest, Father Spiletto (Giovanni Lombardo Radice) to secretly adopt another newborn whose mother died in childbirth. Robert and Katherine raise the boy as their own and name him Damien. Robert's career ascends over the course of the next five years. He is named Deputy Ambassador to the Court of St. James (the United Kingdom), and after the ambassador dies in a bizarre accident, becomes Ambassador and settles in to a large estate just outside London. However, disturbing events start to revolve around Damien (Seamus Davey-Fitzpatrick), the most prominent being his nanny hanging herself at his birthday party, driven to do so by a large black German Shepherd. Soon afterward, Robert is approached by Father Brennan (Pete Postlethwaite), who delivers an eerie warning and seems to know the truth about Damien's birth, at which point Robert has him escorted out. Meanwhile, photographer Keith Jennings (David Thewlis) finds that several of his photographs contain mysterious signs, later revealed to foreshadow a series of shocking deaths. A new nanny, Mrs. Baylock (Mia Farrow), is hired and tells Damien that she has been sent to protect him. Tension between Mrs. Baylock and the Thorns rises when the nanny starts to make decisions against their wishes, including bringing a large watchdog (a Rottweiler) to the home without their consent. On the way to the previous nanny's funeral, Damien becomes terrified as they approach the church, attacking Katherine. That night Katherine experiences a first premonition/nightmare dream about Damien. The following day a field trip to the city zoo ends with various species of primates going berserk at the sight of Damien. Katherine suspects that there is something not right about her son, but Robert brushes off her concerns. Robert is again confronted by Father Brennan, who tells him that Damien must die and a man called Bugenhagen, located in Megiddo, can show him how. Enraged, Robert sends him away again. Caught in a torrential storm, Brennan attempts to seek shelter in a church, but the door is mysteriously bolted. A lightning bolt strikes the church steeple, causing him to be impaled by a large steel rod which falls from the roof. Upon discovering she is pregnant, Katherine wants to have an abortion, fearing another child like Damien. Robert refuses to consider it. While watering plants on an upper floor, Katherine is knocked off a chair by Damien riding his scooter, and tumbles over the railing. He ignores her pleas for help and she falls several stories, severely injuring herself and suffering a miscarriage. After the bedridden Katherine begs her husband, "Don't let him kill me.", Robert finally accepts that something is amiss with his son. Fueled by Father Brennan's warnings and further information from Keith Jennings, Robert and Jennings go in search of Damien's real mother. After meeting a nun in Rome, they discover that the hospital where Damien was born burned down. They then go to a monastery in Subiaco and meet Father Spiletto, now wheelchair-bound and badly disfigured, who tells them where Damien's mother is buried. They find the grave of Maria Avedici Santoya, Damien's real mother, in the old cemetery of Cerveteri, and discover that it contains the skeleton of a jackal, implying that Damien cannot be human. In the neighboring tomb, Robert discovers the corpse of a human infant with a cracked skull, revealing that his biological son was murdered at birth. He and Jennings are suddenly attacked by a pack of rottweilers, and barely escape. Meanwhile, Mrs. Baylock visits Katherine in the hospital under the pretense of delivering flowers and then induces an air embolism by introducing air from an empty syringe into her IV, killing her. After learning of Katherine's death, Robert decides to follow Brennan's advice and kill Damien. He goes to Megiddo and meets Bugenhagen (Michael Gambon), who tells them that Damien is the long-prophesied Antichrist, and the only way to destroy him is to take him to holy ground and kill him with the seven sacrificial daggers of Megiddo. To prove his claims, Bugenhagen tells Robert to examine Damien for the 666 birthmark. Robert at first expresses disbelief, refuses to kill his son and leaves. However, Jennings is determined to go through with the plan, and picks up the daggers. After a brief exchange of words with Robert, he is suddenly decapitated by a falling sign. This pushes Robert to change his mind. Robert arrives home during a torrential storm. The dog attacks but Robert manages to trap it. He then goes upstairs to Damien's room and quietly cuts away Damien's hair to reveal the 666 birthmark. Mrs. Baylock attacks suddenly, but Robert is able to fight her off and takes Damien outside to his car. Mrs. Baylock pursues them and Robert runs her over with the car. Robert, pursued by the police, drives to a church to kill Damien on consecrated ground, but as he is about to use the sacred dagger, he is killed by an officer of the Diplomatic Protection Group. Robert's funeral shown in parallel to the death of the Pope is attended by the President of the United States. After the service is over, the Secret Service informs the President that his car is waiting. The President is seen to be holding the hand of Damien, whom he has presumably adopted. The last shot shows Damien slowly turning to give the camera a diabolical smile. 
 Wonder Woman (2017)651) When a pilot crashes and tells of conflict in the outside world, Diana, an Amazonian warrior in training, leaves home to fight a war, discovering her full powers and true destiny. Diana, princess of the Amazons, trained to be an unconquerable warrior. Raised on a sheltered island paradise, when a pilot crashes on their shores and tells of a massive conflict raging in the outside world, Diana leaves her home, convinced she can stop the threat. Fighting alongside man in a war to end all wars, Diana will discover her full powers and her true destiny. ahmetkozan When army pilot Steve Trevor crashes on the warriors' secluded island paradise, disrupting the fictitious all-female sanctuary of Themyscira created by the Gods of Olympus, Princess Diana of the immortal Amazons aids for his rescue and wins the decisive right to escort him home, heading to an early 20th Century London to stop the war she believes is influenced by the God Ares. Leaving behind the only life she's ever known and entering the cynical world of men for the first time, torn between a mission to promote peace and her own warrior upbringing, as a "Wonder Woman," Diana must fight evil in a "war to end all wars," while hoping to unlock the potential of a humanity she doesn't always understand. Asif Ahsan Khan Before she was Wonder Woman she was Diana, princess of the Amazons, a trained warrior in the sheltered Amazon island of Themyscira. In 1918, when the American pilot Steve Trevor crashes offshore and tells Diana about World War I and the conflict in the outside world, she leaves home to embark on a journey to end all wars, discovering her full powers and true destiny. Tiffany Adachi Isolated from men and the entire human race, the highly trained pacifist and magnificent Amazon warrior-princess, Diana of the mystical Themyscira, leads a disciplined but peaceful and safe life in the bosom of her fierce tribe of elite fighters. However, Diana's cocooned world will turn upside down, when the intrepid American pilot and the first man ever to set foot on the idyllic island, Steve Trevor, reveals a horrible reality, as a devastating great war threatens to consume humankind. At the height of WWI, the unlikely duo embark on a perilous mission to do battle with an all-powerful adversary, in an all-out war that will end all wars. Can the extraordinary Wonder Woman defeat Ares, the merciless God of War? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Diana Prince (nm2933757) is entering the Louvre, in Paris, France. A van from Wayne Enterprises delivers a briefcase from Bruce Wayne, which contains an old photograph of Diana alongside four men during World War I. A note from Bruce says he would like to hear the story behind the picture. Decades in the past, when she was a child, Diana (played by Lilly Aspell) grew up on the island of Themyscira. The mighty Amazons, an all-female warrior clan, lived there secretly and secluded. She watches the warriors training on the field under General Antiope (Robin Wright). Diana wants to be a fighter like the rest of the Amazons, but her mother, Queen Hippolyta (Connie Nielsen) forbids her daughter from training. Hippolyta tells Diana that Zeus made the humans with a good nature. However, Ares, the god of war, corrupted them. Humans were filled with suspicion and jealousy. They were constantly at war. The other gods tried to stop Ares, but he killed them one by one. Zeus also struggled until, with his last strength, he hit Ares so hard that "he was forced to retreat". Later, Zeus forged a weapon that can destroy Ares. With Zeus's dying breath he created the secluded home for the Amazons named Themyscira, with an enchanted barrier to hide them from the rest of the world. Diana wants to see the great weapon so later, Hippolyta shows Diana the powerful sword known as the God Killer. She explains that it can kill the god Ares, but Hippolyta hopes that there will never be a need to wield it. Antiope convinces Hippolyta to let her train Diana, wanting her to be ready to face Ares, because they all know he's still out there. Hippolyta reluctantly agrees. Through the years, Antiope subjects Diana to harsh and intense training in the field. As she reaches adulthood, Diana continues training to be as fierce as the other Amazons. During one session, Antiope pushes Diana hard with her swordplay, leading Diana to defend herself by deflecting the sword with her gauntlets. This causes Antiope to fly back and hurt herself. Diana shows great remorse for hurting Antiope. She leaves in shame, but Antiope is far from upset. Diana runs over to a cliff. In the distance, a plane passes through the barrier into Themyscira before crashing into the ocean. Diana dives into the water and swims toward the plane. A pilot named Steve Trevor (Chris Pine) is sinking as he cannot break himself free from his seat. Diana pulls him out of the plane and takes him to shore. As she becomes surprised to see a man for the first time, German soldiers following Steve make it past the barrier as well. The Amazons arrive as they find Diana with Steve, but also see the Germans. The Amazons ready their arrows, and the Germans aim their rifles. The arrows are launched and shots are fired. The Germans make it to the shore and battle the Amazons. Several Amazons are shot dead while the Germans get taken out easily. Antiope fires three arrows at once to kill three soldiers. One soldier aims his gun at Diana, and Antiope leaps in to take the shot. Diana rushes to Antiope's side. As she dies, she tells Diana it is her time to wield the God Killer. Steve is interrogated before all the Amazons with the Lasso of Truth. He is forced to confess that he is a spy with the Allied forces. Steve explains to the Amazons about World War I and how he has learned of a sinister plan by Germany's General Erich Ludendorff (Danny Huston) and his chief chemist Dr. Isabel Maru, AKA Dr. Poison (Elena Anaya). They are concocting a new bio-weapon, which Steve claims is unlike anything he's seen before and tells the Amazons they are in more danger than they realize. Steve acted as a spy in the German army before stealing Maru's notebook and flying away with it as he destroyed the Germans' other planes until they followed him to the island. Diana realizes this must be the work of Ares. Steve is allowed to bathe in the Amazons' fountain to replenish himself. Diana walks in and accidentally sees him nude. She asks what "that" is, and Steve says it is his father's watch, which he says he follows to let him know what to do in the day. Diana is confused by the device and its uses. Still fearing that Ares is behind the ongoing war, Diana grabs her shield, lasso, and then takes the God Killer sword from its holding, along with her battle suit. She goes to tell Steve she will help him get home if he takes her to Ares. The two head for the shore but are approached by Hippolyta and other Amazons. Diana is insistent that she goes out there to stop Ares and end the war. Hippolya tearfully embraces her daughter one last time and tells her she has always been her greatest love, but today she is her greatest sorrow. She gives Diana Antiope's tiara as a parting gift, but warns her that if she leaves she may not be able to return to Themyscira. As Diana and Steve depart, Hippolyta confides to an Amazon that Diana can't know what she really is, or else Ares will find her faster. Diana and Steve arrive in London. The two meet with Steve's secretary, Etta Candy (Lucy Davis). Before they can deliver Maru's notebook to Steve's superiors, they find Diana an appropriate outfit to wear so she can blend in for the time. Diana and Steve are then cornered by some men in an alley. They draw their guns, but Diana beats them all down, even letting Steve punch the last guy out. Ludendorff meets with Maru in her lab. She has developed a new type of gas for the general so that he may maintain his super strength. Maru then comes across a formula on her table, which she thinks is the breakthrough they've been looking for. Diana and Steve head on over to a meeting held by Sir Patrick Morgan (David Thewlis), who is planning to negotiate an armistice with Germany. The men in the room are immediately distracted by Diana's presence. Steve is forced to take her outside. Later, he presents Sir Patrick with the notebook. Since the writing is in Sumerian, Steve has Diana (who speaks hundreds of languages) translate it for the other men. They learn that Ludendorff and Maru are planning to create a new kind of hydrogen-based mustard gas that would be far more lethal to the soldiers. After hearing that the British general is planning to send his troops to the Western Front and go in to most likely get killed, Diana becomes enraged and tells the general that a good leader would fight alongside his men. Steve pulls Diana out again as she tells him that she believes Ludendorff is Ares in disguise. Steve confides to Diana that he will personally take her to the Front. Steve brings Diana to meet his teammates. They first stop at a pub and find Sameer (Said Taghmaoui), a spy who is instantly attracted to Diana. Next is Charlie (Ewen Bremner), whom Steve says is a skilled marksman, but they find him getting beaten up by another man for accidentally taking his glass. The man attempts to shoot Charlie, but Diana intervenes and knocks the man down. The four then head out to meet The Chief (Eugene Brave Rock), a smuggler. Ludendorff meets with some of his comrades to discuss what he has planned. After they express some doubts and lack of confidence in his work, Ludendorff and Maru demonstrate their work by throwing the gas bomb in the room, killing all the men. The team makes it to the Front. They walk through the trenches, and Diana speaks to a local woman who is distraught over what has been taken from them by the German army. Not wanting to wait any longer, Diana dons her tiara and steps out into the battlefield with her armor. The German soldiers begin to fire upon her, but she easily deflects their bullets with her gauntlets. Diana proceeds to beat down the enemy soldiers while Steve and his team follow. Once she takes out most of the soldiers on the ground, the men help Diana leap to a sniper tower, which she instantly demolishes. The townspeople celebrate and cheer for Diana. Steve later learns that Ludendorff will be attending a gala the next day. He has Etta locate the area for him, but Sir Patrick urges Steve not to go ahead and do it. Steve naturally ignores him. He then tells Diana about the gala and how she would be unprepared for it, so he shows her how to dance. They go up to a room to be alone, and they share a kiss. The team heads over to the gala in disguise. Steve pretends to be a German officer with Sameer being his driver as they improvise entering without an invitation. Diana finds a snooty woman and steals her dress. Steve attempts to sweet-talk Maru to get more information, but he becomes distracted when he sees Diana enter in the blue dress. Diana sees Ludendorff and gets ready to kill him, but Steve stops her from messing up the plan. However, Ludendorff proceeds to launch gas bombs into the nearby town. Diana runs ahead but is too late. She sees the townspeople dead in the streets and can only look on with despair. Steve runs by and Diana is angry with him for not letting her kill Ludendorff before this happened. It is learned that Ludendorff plans to use a plane to drop a number of gas bombs down on London. Diana rushes to an airbase where the German soldiers are gearing up for their attack. Diana beats down some soldiers before making her way to Ludendorff. He inhales Maru's strength gas and fights Diana. Ludendorff puts up a good fight until he runs to the roof. Diana bursts through and impales Ludendorff with the God Killer. He dies but Diana sees that the soldiers are still pushing the gas bombs into the plane. Steve shows up and Diana is confused as to why the war isn't over if she killed Ares. Steve says that maybe the war isn't a result of a god but rather that there are just bad people out there. He leaves, and Diana looks back inside Ludendorff's office to see Sir Patrick. Diana realizes it is him that is really Ares. He tells Diana how he only provided secret influence to people like Ludendorff and Maru to get their work going, but it was their own evil, as well as the darkness of other men, that led to the war. Diana tries to kill Ares with the sword, only for him to destroy it. He tells Diana that it is she who is the real weapon forged by Zeus. She is the real God Killer. Using the Lasso, Ares shows Diana what can happen if she joins him and if they rid the world of mankind. She refuses, and they begin to fight. Steve and his team get past the Germans. They consider shooting the plane down, but the explosion would kill anyone within 50 Miles. As Diana and Ares' fight extends onto the tarmac, Steve runs by Diana, says something quick, and he gives her his father's watch. He hijacks the bomber plane and flies it away. As he gets high enough, Steve aims his gun at the bombs. He takes a moment to consider what he's doing, but he knows what he has to do. He shoots the bombs, sacrificing himself as the plane blows up. Diana sees this and yells in agony. Ares only uses this to try and sway her even more to join him as he dons his armor. Ares brings Maru before Diana and removes Maru's mask to reveal her disfigured face. He tries to convince Diana to kill her. Diana lifts up a tank, but she recalls what Steve just told her. He said he can save the day, but she can save the world. He told her he loved her before taking the plane. Diana drops the tank and lets Maru get away. Diana tells Ares that she believes in love. Ares fires a blast of energy at Diana, but she absorbs it with her gauntlets and directs it back toward Ares, destroying him for good. The soldiers are then broken free of their corruption. Everyone celebrates the end of the war. Diana sees a wall of the fallen heroes, including Steve. Back in the present, Diana sends a message to Bruce Wayne, thanking him for the photograph and letting her keep a piece of Steve. Her voice-over then reassures that she will continue dedicating her life to justice. With that, Diana leaps across the sky to continue her work as...WONDER WOMAN. 