nm0002028:

 K-PAX (2001)211) PROT is a patient at a mental hospital who claims to be from a faraway planet named K-PAX. His psychiatrist tries to help him, only to begin to doubt his own explanations. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Claiming to be an extraterrestrial from a planet called 'K-PAX' about one thousand light years away in the Lyra constellation, Prot (rhyming with the word "goat", played by Kevin Spacey) is committed to the Psychiatric Institute of Manhattan where psychiatrist Mark Powell (Jeff Bridges) begins to evaluate him as a delusional. However, Prot's unwavering ability to provide cogent answers to questions about himself, K-PAX, and its civilization leads Dr. Powell to introduce him to a group of astrophysicists, where Prot claims to have journeyed to Earth by means of "light-travel" and goes on to display rare knowledge that resolves a puzzle for them. After Prot explains that his people do not live in families, Dr. Powell invites Prot to his home for a July fourth picnic. Prot translates for the dog, eats, learns about Dr. Powell's family problems, and plays with the children until the sprinkler turns on and he freaks out. Prot exhibits considerable influence over the other patients at the Institute, each of whom believes unquestioningly that he is indeed from K-PAX. Prot has explained that he can take one person with him when he returns; thereafter most of the patients at the institute ask to be taken to K-PAX. Upon learning that many of his patients expect to leave Earth on July 27, Dr. Powell confronts Prot, who explains that it is a predetermined date. However, Powell believes this to be a significant date in Prot's life, a day on which he suffered a severe psychological trauma. Powell then decides to subject Prot to regression hypnosis, which works well. Using information gained from these sessions, Powell figures out that Prot is actually Robert Porter, a man presumed dead since attempting suicide after his wife and daughter were murdered in 1996. On July 27, what is thought to be Prot is found lying catatonic under his bed, and one of the other patients is also missing. The missing patient is never found, and Prot does not return. The other patients do not recognize Robert as he is being wheeled out of the room. 
 Tomorrow Never Dies (1997)761) James Bond sets out to stop a media mogul's plan to induce war between China and the UK in order to obtain exclusive global media coverage. Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan) is on a mission which includes a media tycoon, his former lover and a Chinese Agent. Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) wants to complete his global media empire, but in order for this to work, he must achieve broadcasting rights in China. Carver wants to start up World War III by starting a confrontation over British and Chinese waters. Bond gains the help of Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh) on his quest to stop him, but how will Bond feel when he meets up with his former lover, Paris (Teri Hatcher), who is now Carver's wife. simon Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) is an egotistical media baron. Carver has the power to reach every person on the planet through his Carver Media Group Network except for the People's Republic of China who refuse his presence in their country. When he is tied to the disappearance of a British battleship in the South China Sea, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) is sent to investigate. It is in Hong Kong where Bond meets Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), a member of the People's External Security Force of China. With and without Wai Lin's help, Bond soon starts to uncover a plot that goes all the way back to a mission on the Russian-Kazakh Border, and will start a war only to feed the fire that is Carver's ego. Gabriel Vieira Megalomaniac media mogul Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce) only needs broadcasting rights in China to complete his global communications empire. The Chinese, however, are proving to be stubborn, so he hatches a diabolical plan to thwart the Chinese by the simple means of starting a war between them and the British. When a British warship is sunk in Chinese waters, and its deadly payload stolen, James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) embarks on a dangerous mission against the clock to discover the truth. The Chinese also want to know what is happening and dispatch their own Agent, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), who proves to be a match for James Bond. Mark Smith <msmith@osi.co.uk> Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce), a rich press baron, attempts to start World War III by convincing the British and the Chinese that they are making hostile advances towards each other. M (Dame Judi Dench) orders James Bond (Pierce Brosnan) to use his previous relationship with Carver's wife, Paris (Teri Hatcher), as a way of infiltrating his international organization, but Carver soon realizes Bond's intent. However, with the help of female Chinese Army Agent Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), Bond gets closer and closer, but will he get close enough to stop Carver from directing a U.K. missile at Beijing? Rhino <rhino@blueyonder.co.uk> Agent James Bond 007 (Pierce Brosnan), the unstoppable action hero must prevent a tremendous disaster ripped from tomorrow's headlines. Someone is pitting the world's superpowers against each other, and only Bond can stop it. When a British warship is mysteriously destroyed in Chinese waters, the world teeters on the brink of World War III until 007 zeros in on the true criminal mastermind. Bond's do-or-die mission takes him to Elliot Carver (Jonathan Pryce), a powerful media mogul who manipulates world events as easily as he changes headlines from his global media empire. After soliciting help from Carver's sexy wife, Paris (Teri Hatcher), Bond joins forces with a stunning yet lethal Chinese Agent, Wai Lin (Michelle Yeoh), in a series of explosive chases, brutal confrontations, and breathtaking escapes as they race to stop the presses on Carver's next planned news story: global pandemonium. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On the border region of Russia, a large bazaar of illegally obtained weapons are being sold to international terrorists. Far away, in an observation room, M, her assistant, Charles Robinson and a British admiral, Roebuck, are watching the operation through cameras placed by an agent they've sent into the area. They identify many of the weapons and several of the buyers. Over M's protests that her agent has not finished his reconnaissance, the officers agree to launch a guided missile into the area believing that they will eliminate half of the world's most dangerous criminals. The missile is launched from a British frigate and speeds toward the target just as the command center receives a radio call from their agent on the scene. Among the camera images is a plane holding two powerful soviet nuclear weapons which may be triggered by the guided missile, or at least cause a horrific environmental disaster with the plutonium they contain being scattered throughout the area. An attempt to abort the missile attack fails and the agent, who is revealed to be James Bond, rushes into the area to steal the plane and the bombs. Many of the various terrorists are killed in the resulting shootout, but a few escape, including American techno-terrorist Henry Gupta (Ricky Jay). Bond reaches the plane and knocks the pilot in it unconscious. He successfully escapes the valley before the missile hits but is pursued by another of the surviving terrorists in a plane identical to his. He evades the 2nd plane, however, the pilot he knocked out awakes and throws a heavy cord around Bond's neck. Bond keeps control of the plane, flying under the second one and activates the rear ejection seat of his own plane, throwing the man up into the other plane, causing it to explode. Bond contacts the command center and tells them he is flying home with the nukes, asking the admiral where he wants his bombs delivered. In the South China sea, a British missile frigate, the HMS Devonshire, is on patrol and is being threatened by Chinese MIGs. They are supposedly far off their course and in Chinese territorial waters, despite what their satellite position tells them. They're being directed off course thanks to an encoder being overseen by Gupta. Nearby, an odd-looking boat, equipped with stealth technology, launches a sea drill into the water and punctures the hull of the British ship. Water begins pouring in as the sea drill is directed to an upper deck, increasing the rate of flooding. The ship's power is knocked out and the backup generators kick in, but the damage is too significant, and the captain gives orders to abandon ship. Some of the sailors manage to jump into the water, while others are trapped below deck and drown as the ship slips beneath the surface. As the ship sinks, the stealth boat shoots down one of the MIGs with a surface-to-air missile. The stealth boat's commanding officer, Richard Stamper, contacts his boss, corrupt international media mogul Elliot Carver, to tell him the 1st part of the operation is complete. Carver approves and gives Stamper the go-ahead for the 2nd part: to execute any survivors from the Devonshire using an automatic rifle fitted out with the same type of ammunition that would've been used by the Chinese. In his offices in Hamburg , Carver is writing the headline for his international newspaper, "Tomorrow", trying to decide if the words "British Soldiers Murdered" will generate the proper outrage. Carver is revealed to be a megalomaniac, who orchestrates disasters and scandals around the world for ratings, as shown in a subsequent scene where he videoconferences with executives from his foreign bureaus. He is orchestrating this attack on the Devonshire to provoke a war between China and Britain so that he can install a leader who is in his pocket who will grant him broadcasting rights in that country. In London, Bond is called back to duty during a romantic tryst. He is ordered to investigate Carver's involvement in the Devonshire incident. Besides the critical details of the incident being released hours before they became known in the latest edition of Tomorrow, MI6 has traced the mysterious signal that interfered with the communications with the Devonshire to one of Carver's satellites. Bond's lead-in to get to Carver will be a past relationship with Carver's wife Paris. Bond travels to Hamburg, Germany where Carver is scheduled to hold a big unveiling of his new media center. At the airport, he meets Q who provides him with a cellular phone and his car, a BMW 750 that can be remotely driven by the phone. Bond attends Carver's gala party and reconnects with Paris Carver and meets a new woman, Wai Lin, who claims to be from the New China news agency. During the gala party, Bond is apprehended by a few of Carver's thugs who take him to a sound proof room to beat him senseless. He overpowers them and shuts down Carver's broadcast. He returns to his hotel room to find Paris Carver waiting for him. The two sleep together and she tells him a way to infiltrate Carver's Hamburg media headquarters. The next day, Bond breaks into the headquarters of Carver's media company and finds the office occupied by Henry Gupta, Carver's communications specialist and known techno-terrorist. In Gupta's safe, Bond finds a CIA decoder device, the same one Gupta took from the arms bazaar Bond infiltrated earlier. It is believed that the device may have been used by Gupta to guide the Devonshire off course. Bond takes the decoder and is leaving the building when he is discovered by the guards. While escaping the factory, Bond spots Lin leaving as well. Bond is able to leave the factory in his car, which he drives to the parking garage of his hotel. On the way, he gets a call from Carver, who has been tipped off about his wife's involvement with Bond thanks to Gupta enhancing surveillance footage, and the theft of the decoder. Bond activates the security system of his car and goes to his room. There he finds Paris, dead on the bed. A videotape playing nearby shows a completed Carver broadcast saying Paris will be discovered murdered with an unidentified man, who will be found dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The murderer, the sadistic Dr. Kaufman, promptly appears and takes Bond hostage at gunpoint. He is going to shoot Bond and make it look like a murder-suicide, showing Bond the videotape that will be shown on Carver's network. He is about to shoot Bond when he suddenly is informed over his earpiece by Stamper that the BMW's security system makes it impossible for Carver's men to get the decoder. Dr. Kaufman is told to torture Bond to find out how to get into the car. Bond hands over his cell phone and gives a code to punch in which will unlock the car. The phone sends a powerful electric shock into Dr. Kaufman and Bond turns the doctor's gun on the man and shoots him, completing the Carver media image of Paris' death. Bond returns to the parking garage and activates his car with his phone. He jumps into a rear window and pilots the car from the back seat. Carver's men have set up several traps for him but the car's defenses and weapons allow Bond to escape them. He pilots the car to the top level of the garage, jumps out and allows it to drive off the edge and plummet to the street where it lands directly in the Avis Rental office he got the car from. Bond reports to the South China Sea where he meets with American and British military officials and his CIA contact, Jack Wade. Bond shows the group how the decoder works and was used to change the location of the Devonshire. Now that they know where to find the sunken ship, Bond will explore it to prove that the ship was deliberately set off-course. Armed with a parachute and scuba gear, Bond must "HALO" jump into the wreck site, opening his chute a short distance above the water to avoid radar detection. Moments before Bond jumped, military officials discover that the site of the Devonshire is not actually in Chinese waters but those of Vietnam, making Bond's HALO jump more dangerous. Bond reaches the wreck and finds Wai Lin there already. The two discover that two of the Devonshire's guided missiles have been stolen. They surface before the ship sinks deeper into the sea and are promptly captured by Stamper on a Vietnamese fishing boat. They are taken to Carver HQ in Saigon, where they say to Carver that they've been working together on the case for months. Carver orders Stamper to torture them both. Bond and Lin, though handcuffed together, start a gunfight and escape the building. They steal a motorcycle and are chased through the streets until cornered by Carver's helicopter. They grab a cable and are able to throw it into the tail rotor of the chopper, which crashes. Shortly after, while cleaning up, Lin unfastens her handcuff and refastens it to a pipe and leaves Bond behind. He quickly frees himself and tails her to her hideout. She's attacked by several thugs but Bond intervenes and they beat them. They decide to search for Carver's stealth boat together and re-arm themselves, Bond taking a Walther P-99 pistol as his new sidearm. The two search several areas large enough for Carver to hide his stealth craft and get lucky on the last cove. They board the boat and plan to plant explosive charges to disrupt its radar cover and make it visible to the British fleet. Lin is captured and Bond sneaks inside. Carver reveals his ultimate plan; he will launch one of the stolen British missiles into China, provoking a war. The new conflict will be covered by his media group and he will bid for exclusive rights to media coverage in China when his secret partner General Chang takes control of the Chinese government and miraculously ends the conflict. Bond is able to take Gupta hostage; Carver kills Gupta openly after the tech-expert tells his boss that the preparations are complete. However, a grenade planted by Bond with a small triggering device goes off near several flammable gas tanks, causing a huge explosion. The boat, now visible to radar, is attacked by the British navy, while the Chinese Air Force is ordered to stand down, unless the boat turns towards China. Carver orders Stamper to go ahead with the missile launch. Bond goes to deal with the missile, while Wai Lin heads to the engine room to disable the engines to make it easier for the British navy to destroy the boat. With the boat disintegrating around them, Bond fights through several of Carver's henchmen and corners the villain. Bond activates the sea drill hanging nearby and forces Carver into its path, killing him, while Wai Lin is captured by Stamper. Stamper has chained Lin and dangles her over the indoor pool; when she passes Bond some detonation fuses to sabotage the missile, Stamper drops her in the water. Bond and Stamper fight briefly and Bond traps the thug's ankle under the missile. With Stamper holding him in front of the missile's engines, he hopes that Bond will burn and die with him. Bond is able to cut the straps on his pack and he plunges into the water just as the missile launches and the detonators destroy it and Stamper. Under water, he rescues Lin, breathing air into her lungs with a kiss. The two surface just as the stealth boat sinks. They are later picked up by the British Navy while sharing a romantic moment in a lifeboat. 
 Point Break (1991)541) An F.B.I. Agent goes undercover to catch a gang of surfers who may be bank robbers. In Los Angeles, California, a gang of bank robbers call themselves The Ex-Presidents. commit their crimes while wearing masks of ex-Presidents Reagan, Carter, Nixon, and Johnson. The F.B.I. believes that the members of the gang could be surfers, and send young Agent Johnny Utah undercover at the beach to mix with the surfers and gather information. Utah meets surfer Bodhi, and gets drawn into the lifestyle of his new friend. Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Johnny Utah (Keanu Reeves) is a Special Agent for the F.B.I. Utah gets partnered with Angelo Pappas (Gary Busey), an experienced Agent, who is more than committed to his work. The two are asked to investigate the number of robberies committed by a group called The Ex-Presidents, who wear masks of former Presidents Reagan, Nixon, Carter, and Johnson for their robberies. Pappas has a theory that The Ex-Presidents are a group of surfers, and asks for Utah to go undercover as a surfer. The problem is, Utah couldn't surf to save his life. That, plus the two continuously being hassled by unpleasant and rough Agent Harp (John C. McGinley). With the help of Tyler (Lori Petty) a competent female surfer, Utah begins to gain the respect of local surfer Bodhi (Patrick Swayze) and his group. Utah forms a close bond with Bodhi, but the relationship between Utah and Bodhi becomes limited when Utah suspects that Bodhi and his group are The Ex-Presidents. Jeremy Thomson A string of systematic bank robberies by a daring gang of thieves who name themselves the Ex-Presidents, terrorise sun-drenched Southern California, as the rubber-masked criminals act fast without leaving a trace, right under the nose of the police. Under those circumstances--after following up on a lead--the clean-cut and inexperienced F.B.I. agent, Johnny Utah, goes undercover to infiltrate the local surfing community and extract information from his surf tutor, Tyler. Before long--as Johnny gets accepted into the group--he will befriend Bodhi, the mystic and enigmatic surf leader, who teaches him not only how to catch the perfect wave, but also how to find a new meaning in life. Inevitably, Johnny walks a thin line. How far will he go without blowing his cover? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Bank robbers who are surfers? The F.B.I. force can hardly believe that Agent Angelo Pappas is actually considering such a thing. But what do they care? He's probably gone loopy, he's old and washed up, unable to adapt to the new system of the F.B.I. So they ignore his theory, letting the notorious bank robbers "The Ex Presidents" rob as many banks as they like. But Pappas can't believe it when a rookie Agent Johnny Utah is assigned to him! After all the kids a damn ex football player! How the hell is he suppose to solve this bank robbery case with this college punk by his side? But Pappas soon learns that Utah is a crack shot and he's also clever, and supportive of Pappas's mocked theory. Together they set out to get the elusive robbers, realising that sex wax was found at a previous crime scene and that the robberies only take place every summer. The robbers move with the waves. Utah goes deep undercover to find the surfers, meeting Tyler, a tough tomboy chick who can surf like a devil and is a very reluctant mentor as well. He says he's a lawyer and that his parents died, after learning from the F.B.I. system that Tyler's folks are dead too, he uses this to soften her and get her to be his teacher. But is Utah ready for the world of surfers? An elusive sort of tribe that rides on the waves and lives for the eternal thrill of almost meeting their end? He gets tumbled by massive waves and the spiritual and manipulative surfer, Bodhi, Tyler's ex boyfriend, and the leader of a pack of thrill seeking hot head surfers. Utah gets accepted into their group, but as he becomes closer to Bohdi and his pals, he loses sight of their guilt and grows to care for Bohdi as a friend. He botches up an operation with a possible group of surfer suspects who are in fact crystal meth dealers. Through a mass of shooting, blood and naked brawling with two angry females involved with the punks, they learn that these guys aren't their culprits. And that an undercover DEA agent was infact trying to bust them on drug dealing after months of undercover work. As if this isn't enough to make Utah want to take a ticket out of there, he almost catches Bohdi on a mad chase scene on foot, after he stakes out to catch the robbers, but is unable to shoot him because he cares for Bohdi. He also injures his already surgery plagued knee from falling off a slope onto concrete. Pappas doesn't buy Utah's story of him missing Bohdi as he knows Utah is an incredible marksman. Later Bohdi and Utah go sky diving, but the surfer has something up his sleeve. His psycho friend Rosie is holding Tyler hostage after she finds out that Utah isn't a lawyer but a cop and runs off after holding Johnny at gun point. Rosie threatens to kill Tyler and the only way Johnny can save her is by helping The Ex Presidents in one last hiest. But Bohdi makes a fatal error, he gets greedy and goes for the vault, over extending their time and losing a crew member, as well as killing an off duty cop who tries to be a hero. Johnny is knocked out by a maddened Bohdi and left to be arrested by his own force! Mocked by the ass licking agents who are always on his & Pappas's back. They arrest Johnny and are disgusted with him killing a fellow cop, but Utah is totally oblivious to this, hating Bohdi inwardly like a disease. Pappas knows Utah acted like a jock strap and made a bad move by falling into Bohdi's trap. But he defends his young partner anyway against the arrogant pompous ass that is Agent Ben Harp, telling the smart ass that he was on the force when he was still popping his zits and jerking off to the lingerie section of the Sears catalogue. He then punches Harp and knocks him out, saying that he's also always respected his elders and that Harp should learn to too! Now the heat is on, as Utah knows that the only reason he got involved in the robbery was because of Tyler, but now it's become too personal, and Bohdi has gone way too far. But then again, how far is too far for someone as radical as Bohdi? Utah and Pappas go alone to where he and Bohdi first went skydiving, and this results in a massive shoot off and Pappas being blown away by the cowardly Roach, who also gets shot and bleeds out on the plane. They get Utah on the plane and claim that there's no more parachutes, and Roach leaps off saying he'll see Johnny in Hell. Johnny jumps after Bohdi though and in an adrenaline pumping scene he tells Bohdi to pull the chute or he'll blow Bohdi's head off. Being fearless Bohdi says either way they die, and Johnny pulls the chute in a furious gesture of loathing for the other man. They land in the desert planes of an unknown area, Roach's corpse lies on the dusty ground and the money flits into the air with a green haze again the blue sky. Tyler is released by Rosie, and him and Bohdi ride off down the dusty track to where ever they plan to go. Years later, in Australia, Bohdi's prediction of the hundred year storm that would cause the Pacific to swell and produce huge ways, comes true. But Utah has been tracking his ex friend, and in the tumultous storm that the heavens spill upon the Australian coast, the sea swells and floods caused by colossal amounts of rain fall, we see Johnny again walking to the beach. Surfers retreat in droves from the beach, claiming that only a mad man would stay on the ocean in such a tremendous outbreak of fury over the sea. But Johnny knows one man who would, Bohdi, and he's come to collect him to be locked up at last. Bohdi is staring out to see, the figure of peace and in his eyes we see the hunger to ride those waves. Johnny breaks his trance and tells him that he's been tracking him and Rosie for some time now. And that he finally got a break when he found Rosie's marred corpse in a bar after a bad fight. He says he feared that Bohdi would just vanish after that though, but he knew that he would never miss the hundred year storm. Bohdi says that its typical that Utah's here, and that he guesses that the agent has finally got his man. He tries to escape though, almost drowning Johnny in the waves as they pummel each other, falling about in the greyish foam water of the sea. Utah handcuffs Bohdi however and tells him that he told the cops that Bohdi would go quietly. Bohdi begs him not do this, saying he'd die in a cage! Utah doesn't care anymore, it's time that his compadre went down. In the end however, he lets Bohdi go and ride the ferocious waves that rise in terrifying heights like walls of water. Utah watches as Bohdi paddles out to his death as the water crashes into him. Utah stands in the pouring rain, his now long hair sopping and his eyes full of a strange sort of peace. The Australian policemen are livid that he let Bohdi go and say "We'll get him when he comes back in!" Johnny walks away and chucks his F.B.I. badge into the ocean, and replies, it seems, to the raging waves, "He's not coming back." 
 Everest (2015)541) The story of New Zealand's Robert "Rob" Edwin Hall, who on May 10, 1996, together with Scott Fischer, teamed up on a joint expedition to ascend Mount Everest. On the morning of May 10, 1996, climbers from two commercial expeditions start their final ascent toward the summit of Mount Everest, the highest point on Earth. With little warning, a violent storm strikes the mountain, engulfing the adventurers in one of the fiercest blizzards ever encountered by man. Challenged by the harshest conditions imaginable, the teams must endure blistering winds and freezing temperatures in an epic battle to survive against nearly impossible odds. Back in 1992, New Zealand's intrepid mountaineer, Robert "Rob" Edwin Hall, started guiding amateur climbers on Mount Everest. With his company named "Adventure Consultants", he successfully led 19 clients to the summit without a single fatality--and his 1996 Everest expedition, which consisted of eight clients and three guides--was the perfect example about the increasing demand for expeditions to the Everest. As a result, on 11 May 1996, Rob's team was joined by Scott Fischer's "Mountain Madness" company on a joint summit attempt, only to come face to face with the omnipotence of nature. In the end, when a furious blizzard struck, disaster was at hand. Nick Riganas By 1996 guided climbs of Mount Everest has become an industry. The pioneer of this is New Zealander Rob Hall and he now leads another climb up the mountain. His climbs have largely been incident-free but the summit is now quite congested, adding to the possibility of a life-threatening incident. grantss Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening text reads that Edmund Hillary and Tenzing Norgay were the first two people to successfully climb Mount Everest. Since then, only hundreds of professionals have attempted to do the same, with one in four dying. Set in the year 1996, Rob Hall (Jason Clarke) gathered his team, Adventure Consultants, to go ahead and climb Everest themselves. Rob meets with his team, including experienced climber Beck Weathers (Josh Brolin), Doug Hansen (John Hawkes), Yasuko Namba (Naoko Mori), and co-guide Andy "Harold" Harris (Martin Henderson). Together, they plan to embark on what they hope will be a successful and adventurous expedition. Six weeks before the initial climb, Rob and his team are in New Zealand ready to depart from the airport. He's with the manager of the base camp, Helen Wilton (Emily Watson), and his friend/co-worker Guy Cotter (Sam Worthington). Rob informs his friends that he booked journalist Jon Krakauer (Michael Kelly) to do an article on them, which he was going to do for another expedition team, Mountain Madness. Rob later explains to his team the dangerous altitudes and temperatures of the Death Zone on Everest, which they hope to get past quick enough before things get really dodgy. Before boarding the plane, Rob says goodbye to his pregnant wife Jan (Keira Knightley). Rob promises to return home for the birth. Jan later sends him a message to let him know that they'll be having a girl. The expeditions make it to the bottom of the mountain before heading on up toward the base camp. There, Rob runs into Scott Fischer (Jake Gyllenhaal), the leader of Mountain Madness. He's a bit peeved at Rob for getting Jon to move to their expedition, but is still on fine terms. Later, Rob introduces the team to the camp's doctor Caroline McKenzie (Elizabeth Debicki). She and Rob remind the climbers of the lack of oxygen at the top of Everest, as well as the dangers of hypothermia and hypoxia. We see clips of climbers succumbing to the cold and dying. Beck calls his wife Peach (Robin Wright) from the base camp after he forgot to send her a message for their anniversary. She doesn't like him climbing mountains and has stated that she'd divorce him if he ever climbed another mountain. He didn't listen. Adventure Consultants and other expeditions move from Base Camp to Camp II. They walk across a fixed ladder acting as a bridge hanging over a crevasse. Huge ice chunks break off and slide down under the weight of all the climbers, causing the ladder to shake, making Beck nearly fall over. He hangs on for dear life and is guided by Rob the rest of the way over. Facing some concerns, Rob suggests to Scott that they join their expeditions together to get to the top safely, and to ascend at a later date. Scott is hesitant, saying that he and Rob have different styles, but he ultimately agrees to the union. The two meet with their teams later to state that they plan on having eight oxygen tanks at the top. Scott's guide, Anatoli Boukreev (Ingvar Eggert Sigurosson), says he won't use oxygen. Rob urges the rest of his team to use oxygen. The AC team gathers in a tent at night to discuss why they're climbing. Doug says that he wants to prove that an ordinary person can do the impossible. Yasuko wants to be the oldest woman to climb Everest. The teams encounter problems on their summit, such as several climbers beginning to fall ill (like Doug and Scott), Beck having trouble seeing due to a surgery he had a year before, and no fixed ropes over the south summit, forcing some climbers to turn back. Beck stays behind on the southeast ridge. Guy, who is scaling the mountain next to Everest, observes Rob and company from his POV and contacts them to make sure they're okay. Finally, some of the climbers start to make it to the very top and mark their spots on Everest. Anatoli is the first to touch the top, and Yasuko puts a Japanese flag on there. Rob contacts Helen back at base camp to inform her and the team that they made it to the top. She and the rest of the camp cheer the team on. Doug is still climbing, despite his health rapidly deteriorating and his oxygen levels dropping. Rob runs into him on the way down and he insists to Doug that it's over and that he gave it a good run, but Doug is not yet satisfied and decides he wants to keep climbing. Moved by his determination, Rob guides Doug to the top. A huge blizzard starts moving toward Everest, spelling trouble for the descending climbers. Rob and Doug get hit as the storm hits the mountain, forcing them to take cover. As they get lower, Rob notices there aren't any oxygen tanks where he requested, so he radios Helen to send some up. He and Doug keep walking as the winds intensify. Doug, barely conscious, unbuckles himself from Rob's guide rope. His dizziness, combined with the heavy wind, causes him to fall over the edge to his death. Beck's vision worsens, while Scott starts suffering from hypothermia, forcing them to stay behind from their respective groups. The other climbers go get help, leaving Beck behind with Yasuko. Andy goes up to Rob, wherein Rob tells Andy that Doug is gone. Rob and Andy wait on the side of the mountain until it's safe to keep going. Unfortunately, Andy begins to feel the hypoxia, making him believe he's overheating, and he removes his clothes, leading to his death. Helen, sitting in the tent with Caroline and Guy (who has come to join the camp), radios Rob and urges him to keep moving downward. He tells her that his hands and feet are frozen, and also that Doug and Andy are dead, bringing everyone in the tent to tears. Helen calls Jan and gets her to talk to Rob by putting the phone next to the walkie-talkie. Jan encourages her husband to get down safe, reminding him that he has to return for the birth of their baby. Rob is told by Helen that the people meant to bring him the oxygen tanks aren't coming because of the terrible conditions. He tries to keep moving on his own, but even he knows he can't make it in his condition. He falls over and calls Helen again. She calls Jan again so that she can speak to him one last time. He tells her he is comfortable, and asks how Sarah (the baby) is doing. Jan tearfully agrees to call her Sarah. Rob's last words to her are "Sleep well, my sweetheart. Please don't worry too much." Rob passes away under the snow and ice. Scott succumbs to the cold and lies in the snow to die. Yasuko has also died next to Beck's side. Helen calls Peach to tell her that Beck never returned to camp, which she must in turn tell her kids. Beck, however, despite being frostbitten, partially blind, and almost totally frozen, starts to get up and slowly head on back to camp. Jon spots him and radios Helen to let her know that Beck is alive. She in turn calls Peach to tell her the news. Together, they get a helicopter to fly up and bring Beck back. The helicopter is almost brought down by the winds and extra weight, but they succeed in bringing him down where he gets heated up. Helen and the other climbers return home. They are seen meeting Jan at the airport and tearfully hugging her. Beck also returns home and hugs Peach. The last shot is of Rob's body, frozen and almost completely covered in snow. The final text states that Rob's body is still up on Everest alongside the others that perished. We see photos of the real Rob Hall, Doug Hansen, Andy Harris, Yasuko Namba, and Scott Fischer. Beck Weathers lost his nose and both hands due to frostbite. Jan Arnold gave birth to a girl, whom she named Sarah. We then see a brief video clip of the real Sarah Arnold-Hall. 