nm0004803:

 SubUrbia (1996)Summaries A group of suburban teenagers try to support each other through the difficult task of becoming adults. Five young losers spend their days and nights wasting their lives away, hanging out in parking lots and occasionally mentioning that they might want to make something of themselves... someday. On this particular night, they are visited by an old high school friend who has escaped their suburban town to become a pop star. Andy Bogursky <bogursky@erols.com> Richard Linklater's "SubUrbia" is a film adaptation of Eric Bogosian's play about five teenagers who have nothing to do with their lives, who decide to hang out at "the corner" (outside of a convenience store) one night. On the same night, their friend, the only successful one out of the group who is now a rock star, has returned to his hometown to revisit his old surroundings. The friends decide to hang out and talk about inane subjects, while realizing that they've been wasting their lives away doing nothing, and that they actually want to make something of themselves, but ultimately, few of them do. Zack H. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 True Vinyl (2004)Summaries Billy Thompson is kid from Nebraska whose mother was a musician who died when Billy was young. To honor her, he wants to build his own recording studio. So he decides to enter a DJ competition in Los Angeles. He meets another DJ, Nite Owl, who's developed a new thing which he hopes to unveil at the competition. And he also meets Maya, a dancer from New York. Another DJ, is threatened by him, does what he can to get rid of him. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Chicago Hope (19942000)Summaries The lives and trials of the staff of a major hospital in Chicago. Television medical drama in soap-opera style. Surgeons Jeffrey Geiger and Aaron Shutte battle valiantly for their patients, often coming into conflict with the hospital administration, run by Dr. Phillip Watters. Their cases are usually ethically complex, highly sensationalistic, and very melodramatic. Meanwhile, Jeffrey and Aaron, who are best friends, commiserate about the shambles their tumultuous personal lives have become.... Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> Dr. Phillip Watters heads the hospital administration and often butts heads with dedicated doctors and surgeons who take issue with what appears to be unreasonable rules. This medical drama series focuses on the professional and personal lives of the hospital's staff. Jwelch5742 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dog Park (1998)Summaries Two dog lovers meet at a singles bar, recognizing each other from the dog park. Andy and Lorna are recent singles after their exes met. Sex comedy takes a look at contemporary dating mores and hypothesizes that the new dating location may be the dog walk in the park. A mild-mannered man loses his present girlfriend to another man. His attraction to a kid's television show hostess goes nowhere because of her obsession with her dog, Peanut. He then gets hooked up with an overly exuberant blonde who overwhelms him. He even lost his Collie, Mogley, when his girlfriend moved out. In a funny subplot, the Collie is going to a doggie psychiatrist, who determines the dog is being traumatized by his mistress' sexual antics. Jeri and Jeff are best friends whose constant smooching simply makes the leads life less comfortable. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 