nm0001744:

 Saving Private Ryan (1998)761) Following the Normandy Landings, a group of U.S. soldiers go behind enemy lines to retrieve a paratrooper whose brothers have been killed in action. Opening with the Allied invasion of Normandy on 6 June 1944, members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion under Cpt. Miller fight ashore to secure a beachhead. Amidst the fighting, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier in New Guinea, a third brother is KIA. Their mother, Mrs. Ryan, is to receive all three of the grave telegrams on the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some of her grief when he learns of a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, and decides to send out 8 men (Cpt. Miller and select members from 2nd Rangers) to find him and bring him back home to his mother... J.Zelman After the invasion of fortress Europe on June 6th 1944, Cpt. Miller leads his squad from the 2nd Ranger Battalion of the 29th Infantry Division, on a mission to find and bring home Private James Francis Ryan after the death of his brothers. The mission takes them through Nazi occupied territory to establish contact with Ryan's unit, an element of the 101st Airborne Division. This exciting war thriller brings the reality of history's bloodiest war into the homes of ordinary people, but also brings to light the reality of broken and lost families in a time of total and encompassing war. Pvt. Maher, HHC 29th Aviation Brigade, 29th Infantry Division, Aberdeen Proving Grounds, MD The film opens with the Allied invasion on the Normandy beach on June 6, 1944. Cpt. Miller and members of the 2nd Ranger Battalion fight to secure the beachhead. During the invasion, two brothers are killed in action. Earlier, the third brother was killed in New Guinea. The mother of the brothers is about to recieve the grave telegrams at the same day. The United States Army Chief of Staff, George C. Marshall, is given an opportunity to alleviate some of her grief when he finds out that there was also a fourth brother, Private James Ryan, who went missing somewhere in France. He sends Cpt. Miller and seven other people from the 2nd Ranger Battalion to go look for him and bring him back to his mother. ahmetkozan During WWII, Chief of Staff, General Marshall is informed that three of a woman's sons have been killed and that she's going to receive the notifications of their demise at the same time. And when he learns that a fourth son is still unaccounted for, the General decides to send a unit to find him and bring him back, despite being told that it's highly unlikely that he is still alive and the area that he was known to be at is very dangerous. So the unit consisting of 8 men are sent to find him but as stated it's very dangerous and one by one, they are picked off. Will they find him and how many of them will still be alive? rcs0411@yahoo.com Following the Allied invasion of Normandy, two brothers lay dead in the wake of the onslaught. Meanwhile, in New Guinea, a third brother has been killed fighting the Japanese. After the Army General Staff learns that a fourth brother is missing in the French countryside, a rescue mission is ordered to find the young soldier and return him safely home. The mission is mounted by a veteran Ranger Captain commanding a squad of men who have mixed feelings about risking their lives to "Save Private Ryan". Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. An American flag back-lighted by the afternoon sun gently flaps in the breeze. The camera pulls back to reveal the Normandy American Cemetery and Memorial on the English Channel in the north of France. An elderly man ( Harrison Young ) approaches the cemetery and walks among the rows of gravestones, which are mostly marble crosses, with an occasional Star of David marking the grave of a Jewish soldier. He is accompanied by his wife, his daughter and her husband, and three teenage granddaughters. He searches the crosses and stops at a specific one, where he falls to his knees, crying. His family walks up behind him and tries to comforts him. The camera slowly zooms in on his face, stopping at an extreme close up of his eyes. June 6, 1944, Omaha Beach, Dog Green Sector: On the choppy waters of the English Channel, American Ranger soldiers are headed to Omaha Beach in landing vehicles. The captain of one unit, John H. Miller ( Tom Hanks ), tells his men to, upon landing, "clear the murder holes" and check their rifles for sand and water when they exit the boats. Miller's right hand shakes nervously. The moment the landing ramp at the front of the boat opens, a number of men are immediately struck down by machine gun fire from concrete German bunkers and machine-gun nests built into the cliffs overlooking the beach. To avoid the machine gun fire, other men jump over the gunwales of the landing boats and into the surf. Some drown under the weight of their heavy gear, others are hit by enemy fire underwater. Upon gaining the beach, many take refuge behind the wooden landing craft obstacles and the thin flanks of the steel tank obstacles blocking approaches to the beach, which offer almost no protection from incoming fire and mortar rounds. As Miller crawls up the sand, a mortar shell hits nearby and the blast temporarily stuns him, knocking his helmet off. Miller's is stunned and his hearing is reduced to a dull, muddled noise. He watches as men around him are hit by bullets or the blast of mortar rounds, or are simply too scared to move. One private looks Miller in the eye and asks him what to do. Miller's hearing slowly returns and he orders his sergeant, Mike Horvath ( Tom Sizemore ) to move his men up the beach and out of the line of enemy fire. As Miller staggers up the beach, he drags a wounded man. The man is hit by a mortar blast and is killed; Miller suddenly discovers that he's been dragging less than half the man's dismembered remains. The German barrage kills most of the US Army troops and leaves twice as many wounded; many of the wounded are eviscerated or missing limbs and slowly bleed to death on the beach, despite the efforts of medics to treat them. Whomever is left in Miller's platoon assembles at a sandbar that provides very little cover from the German bombardment. Miller orders his men to use "bangalore" explosives to clear out the barbed wire and mines behind the sandbar for their advance. The men make it to the nearest concrete bunker where a machine gun nest on a nearby cliff keeps them from moving further. After sending a few of his men into the fire zone where they're cut down immediately, Miller has his sniper, Pvt. Daniel Jackson ( Barry Pepper ), run into the fire zone and take out the men in the machine gun nest with two precise shots. Jackson's efforts are successful and Miller moves his men behind the bunker where a soldier with a flamethrower sets the bunker ablaze. On the beach, one soldier yells to the others to let the German soldiers burn to death as they jump out of the bunker. Miller's men engage other German soldiers in the trenches behind the bunker, quickly creating an exit route from Omaha for the rest of the battalion. Miller also watches as a few men mercilessly execute a few surrendering German and Czech soldiers. Pvt. Adrian Caparzo ( Vin Diesel ) finds a Hitler Youth knife which he gives to his friend, Pvt. Stanley Mellish ( Adam Goldberg ) (a Jew); Mellish begins to sob. Horvath collects a handful of dirt in a small metal can marked "France" and puts it into his haversack alongside cans marked "Italy" and "Africa". Horvath comments to Miller that the beach commands "quite a view"; it is covered with the bodies of thousands of dead and wounded American soldiers. On the backpack of one of them is the name "S. Ryan". At the War Department in the United States, rows of secretaries are typing death notices to be sent to the families of the men killed in various battles around the world. One of the women typing discovers three letters for three men from the same family. The three men are all brothers from the Ryan family of Iowa and their mother will receive all three letters at the same time. The fourth and youngest son of Mrs. Ryan, James Francis, is part of the 101st Airborne Division, dropped into Normandy ahead of the beach invasion and his whereabouts are unknown. The letters are brought to the attention of General George Marshall ( Harve Presnell ) who, after reading a poignant letter sent by Abraham Lincoln to a family under similar circumstances during the Civil War, orders his officers to find James and have him brought home immediately. Back in Normandy, three days after D-Day, Miller meets with his commanding officer and reports on a difficult mission that cost the lives of many of his men. Lieutenant Colonel Anderson ( Dennis Farina ) gives him new orders; Miller is tasked with taking a squad into Normandy to find Pvt. James Francis Ryan and bring him back. Miller gathers what men he can and finds Corporal Timothy E. Upham ( Jeremy Davies ) in the camp press box to accompany the squad as a translator - Upham speaks fluent French and German, to replace his previous interpreter. The squad sets out in the French countryside. Upham tries to talk to Mellish and Caparzo but, because he's the "new guy" in the squad, finds them unfriendly and even insulting, despite his higher rank. The squad's medic, Irwin Wade ( Giovanni Ribisi ), asks Upham about a book he plans to write about the bonds of friendship among soldiers (which Mellish immediately mocks). Richard Reiben ( Edward Burns ), a hotheaded private from Brooklyn, questions the mission, wanting to know if the effort to find Ryan is worth the lives of men who should be fighting more important battles to liberate France and Europe. Miller himself is also skeptical about the mission but understands that his current orders are more important and encourages his squad to discuss the mission. The squad arrives in a small French village where Army units are currently at a standstill with the German forces they're fighting. Miller asks the nearest sergeant if Ryan is among his unit, but he's not. In an attempt to get information from the Army unit on the other side of town, they send a runner across the battlefield. The runner is cut down almost immediately. They cross the town via some side roads and come across a French family trying to escape their bombed home, but are trapped in the crossfire. The father insists the squad take his young daughter to safety; Miller refuses but Caparzo steps out from cover to take her, against orders. He is shot in the chest by a sniper and falls, still alive, caught in the open. The squad takes cover, unable to pull Caparzo to safety. Jackson quickly identifies the town's bell tower as the sniper's likely shooting position. He finds a nearby pile of rubble that he uses for cover to take out the sniper. As the sniper looks for another target among the squad, he sees Jackson a moment too late, and is shot through his own scope. Caparzo dies, having bled to death. Miller looks down on his body and harshly tells his men that this is why they follow orders and "don't take children." Wade retrieves a blood-stained letter from the body that Caparzo had been writing to his father. In another part of the village, the squad and the other soldiers sit down inside a bombed building to rest. A sergeant sends one of his men to find their CO. When the sergeant sits down, he knocks over a weakened brick wall that reveals a squad of German soldiers inside the building. A standoff ensues, with both sides aiming their weapons at each other, and both demanding the other put down their guns. The impasse is unexpectedly ended when the Germans are cut down by machine-gun fire from the unit's Captain ( Ted Danson ) and the soldier sent to find him. Miller asks the captain if he has a Pvt. James F. Ryan in his unit. The captain confirms that he does, and Ryan ( Nathan Fillion ) is brought to Miller who tells him his brothers are dead. The man breaks down and asks how they died and Miller tells him they were killed in combat. Ryan is incredulous, telling Miller that his brothers are still in grade school. Miller confirms the man's full name, and learns that he is James "Frederick" Ryan from Minnesota; Miller, exasperated, tells Ryan he's sure his brothers are just fine. From another private being treated for a leg wound, also from the 101st, the squad learns that the Airborne's rallying point is nearby and that Ryan may have gone there. The squad spends a few hours resting in a church. Wade rewrites the blood-stained letter Caparzo wanted to send to his father. Horvath and Miller talk about how many men Miller has lost under his command. Miller accepts that men die in combat for the greater good. Cpl. Upham talks to the captain about a betting pool the men have going where they try to guess Miller's occupation before the war began. Upham and Miller come to a humorous silent agreement that when the pool is big enough, Miller will tell him the answer. The squad arrives at a rally point near a wrecked troop glider. The rally point is filled with dozens of wounded GIs. Sitting among the men is the pilot of the glider who tells them he doesn't know where to find Pvt. Ryan. The pilot's glider went down after being towed because steel plates had been welded to its underside to protect a general he was transporting, making the glider too heavy to fly. The glider crashed, killing the general. The squad reflects on the efforts to protect only a single man. The pilot gives Miller a bag full of dog tags taken from dead soldiers. Miller has his men go through them looking for Ryan. They do so rather callously while men from Army Airborne units march by. Wade walks over and starts snatching up the tags, muttering that his comrades are acting rather coldly in front of the passing Airborne soldiers. Miller concludes that Ryan isn't among them and in a minor fit of desperation, begins to question the passing soldiers, asking if any of them know Ryan. He gets lucky with one man who is from Ryan's unit and has lost his hearing from a grenade blast, so he yells his answers. The man tells him that Ryan was assigned to a mixed unit that's guarding a bridge across the Merderet River in the nearby village of Ramelle. Miller determines that the bridge is of vital importance to the Army and the Germans because it will allow either to drive their tank units across the water. The squad sets out again. They spot two dead GIs in a field and confirm that none of them are Ryan. Miller and Horvath spot a machine gun nest near a partially destroyed radar dish. Though it would be easier, as Reiben suggests, to keep their distance from the machine gun and slip quietly around it, Miller resolves to take out the German's position so that the next Allied unit will not be surprised and killed. The squad is opposed to the plan, but he won't relent, and gives them their assignments. Upham is instructed to stay behind with their gear. The squad attacks the machine gun emplacement, while Upham watches through one of Jackson's rifle scopes. When the skirmish is over, the men yell frantically for Upham to bring their gear. When Upham reaches them, he sees that Wade has been shot several times in the lower chest and is rapidly bleeding to death. The men frantically try to save his life but Wade dies, saying he wants to go home. One of the Germans ( Joerg Stadler ) is captured alive and in retribution, the squad rushes around him, beating him. Miller is undecided how to dispose of the German POW, and orders that he dig graves for Wade and the two GIs they saw in the field. When Upham protests that prisoners aren't to be treated like slaves, Miller coldly orders Upham to help the German. As the German digs the graves, Miller sits off to one side where he cries, his right hand shaking again. He slowly recovers his composure and returns to the squad. Miller's squad wants to kill the remaining German, excepting Upham, who has mildly befriended the German while he dug the graves. The German begs for his life, insisting he loves America, saying "Fuck Hitler!!". The men are unmoved and prepare their weapons to kill him when Miller intervenes. He blindfolds the German and, to the astonishment of the squad, lets the man walk off, directing Upham to tell him to surrender to the next Allied unit. Reiben in particular is offended by Miller's compassion and threatens to desert, saying that their mission has gotten two of their comrades killed. Horvath orders Reiben to fall into formation and threatens to shoot him. The entire squad begins to argue heatedly and Miller suddenly asks Upham the total of the pool on him. Miller reveals that he's an English composition teacher in a small Pennsylvania town. The men stop arguing, completely astonished. Miller says the war has changed him and he's not sure if his wife will recognize him and if he'll be able to resume his former life when he returns home. He reasons that if finding and bringing Ryan back ensures that he'll be able to get home sooner, then it's his job to complete the mission. The squad finishes burying Wade and the other GIs together. The exhausted squad approaches Ramelle. While crossing a field, they spot a German half-track. Miller orders everyone to take cover while the vehicle passes. The half-track is suddenly hit by bazooka fire. Miller's squad is momentarily confused, uncertain who is firing, but moves in and kills Germans as they attempt to escape the destroyed vehicle. A small group of American soldiers emerge from their positions in the field and identify themselves as paratroopers from various Airborne units. One of them identifies himself as Pvt James Ryan ( Matt Damon ) . In the ruins of the village of Ramelle, Miller's squad learns that Ryan and his comrades are guarding one of two remaining bridges across the Merderet River. Their commanding officer had been killed a few days before. Miller tells Ryan that his three brothers are dead and that he's been given a ticket home. Ryan is devastated by the news of his family but refuses to leave, saying that it's his duty to stay with his unit and defend the bridge until relief arrives. Ryan says his mother would understand his desire to remain at the bridge with the "only brothers [he] has left." Miller can't change Ryan's mind. Miller and Horvath reflect on Ryan's refusal and they decide to stay and help the unit defend the bridge. The half-track they destroyed was part of a German probe to investigate the forces guarding the bridge so the unit knows the Germans will mount a large assault. Miller inventories their few remaining weapons and supplies and outlines a plan to lure German tanks on the main street of Ramelle, where the rubble from destroyed buildings creates a narrow choke point that will channel the armor and German troops into a bottleneck and allow their unit to flank the Germans. Their plan includes Reiben riding out on a German half-track motorcycle to lure the German unit into the bottleneck. Miller suggests they improvise "sticky bombs," socks stuffed with Composition B explosives and coated with grease. They'll use the sticky bombs to blast the treads off one of the tanks, turning it into a roadblock. Upham is given the job of running ammunition to the two Browning machine gun positions manned by Mellish and 101st paratrooper Parker ( Demetri Goritsas ). Jackson and Parker take position in the church tower to provide sniper cover and for Parker to stand as a lookout, reporting on the German approach. The men wait for the Germans to arrive, listening to "Tous es Partout" by Edith Piaf, while Upham interprets -- his new comrades seem more accepting of him and listen intently while he translates, even joking him and recounting their own personal stories. Ryan tells Miller that he can remember his brothers but he can't see their faces. Miller suggests he "think of a context", something they've all done together. Miller tells Ryan when he wants to remember his wife, he thinks of her trimming rosebushes. Ryan tells the story of how he and his brothers nearly burned down the barn on their farm when they snuck up on their oldest brother, Danny, while he was trying to have sex with a local girl in the hayloft. James laughs and stops when he realizes that the incident was the last time they were all together, over two years ago, before any of them had gone to basic training. When Ryan asks Miller to tell him about his wife and the rosebushes, Miller politely refuses, saying that memory is for him alone. The squad feels the ground beginning to rumble, indicating that the German column has arrived. Jackson signals from the church tower that there are two Panzer tanks (which turn out to be Marder III self-propelled guns) and two Tiger I heavy tanks. There are also at least 50 German troops. Miller orders everyone to their positions and Reiben rides out to act as "the rabbit" to lure the Germans into town. One of the Tiger tanks proceeds down the main street, and one of the soldiers attempts to plant a sticky bomb on the tank. He waits too long and the bomb blows up, killing him. The German troops following the tank are cut down by the soldiers and by mines planted along the sides. Two men plant the Comp B bombs on the wheels of the Tiger, blasting it's tread apart, eventually bringing it to a halt. When they advance on the tank to take out it's crew, they are fired upon by a small German squad with a 20 millimeter flak cannon that brutally takes out several more men. Ryan and Miller's squads open fire and shift positions several times during the battle. Though they take the Germans by surprise, several of the men are killed. Jackson is discovered in his perch and is hit by tank fire. Mellish and Corporal Henderson (Maximilian Martini) man a .30 caliber machine gun to cut off any flanking action by the Germans. Henderson is killed and then Mellish is attacked by a German soldier (Mac Steinmeier) who overpowers him in hand-to-hand combat, slowly driving a bayonet into Mellish's chest. Immediately outside the room on the stairs, Cpl. Upham sits, frozen with terror, unable to move to rescue Mellish. The German soldier kills Mellish and marches out, indifferent to the terrified Upham. Reiben is able to flank the 20mm cannon and takes out its operators. Sgt. Horvath is wounded during this time when he and another soldier corner each other. They each chuck helmets at each other, then shoot each other with their pistols. The German soldier here is killed and Horvath is injured. He grabs Upham and retreats when Miller orders everyone to cross the bridge to their "Alamo" position, where they'll make their last stand. The surviving 60-ton Tiger tank follows, unstoppable despite Horvath shooting several bazooka rockets at it. Horvath is shot in the chest as he pulls back and dies a few minutes later. Miller prepares to destroy the bridge when a shell from the Tiger hits the building behind him, blowing the detonator out of his hands. He staggers across the bridge to retrieve it and is shot in the chest by the same German soldier ( Joerg Stadler ) he'd set free at the radar station. Upham witnesses the shooting while hiding behind a pile of rubble. Miller falls, unable to continue. He draws his .45 pistol and begins to shoot vainly at the Tiger tank, which has begun to cross the bridge. After a few shots, the tank impossibly explodes. A small squadron of P-51 Mustang fighters suddenly zoom into view, having bombed the tank and several enemy targets. Reiben and Ryan rush to Miller's side and call for a medic. Upham, still on the other side of the bridge, is undetected by the enemy squad. He reveals himself and takes the entire squad prisoner. The man who shot Miller recognizes Upham and calls him by name. After a moment's hesitation, Upham fires his weapon for the first time, killing the man. The soldier's body thumps to the ground and Upham sharply orders the rest of the prisoners to disperse. As Miller lays dying, Ryan tells him that the Mustangs are "tank busters." Miller calls them "Angels on our shoulders." He beckons Ryan closer and with his dying breath, tells him "Earn this... earn it." In a voiceover, General George Marshall's voice reads a letter to Ryan's mother, informing her that her son is returning home. He quotes a passage from Lincoln's letter about the cost of war. Ryan stands looking at Miller's body. The camera focuses on Ryan's young face as it morphs into Ryan in the present. He is standing at Captain Miller's grave. He tells Miller that he hopes he's lived up to Miller's wish and been worthy of all that Miller and his men did for him. He asks his wife to tell him that he's led a good life and that he's a good man. The elder Ryan ( Harrison Young ) salutes Miller's grave. An American flag back-lighted by the afternoon sun gently flaps in the breeze. 
 Black Hawk Down (2001)431) The story of 160 elite U.S. soldiers who dropped into Mogadishu in October 1993 to capture two top lieutenants of a renegade warlord, but found themselves in a desperate battle with a large force of heavily-armed Somalis. Action/war drama based on the best-selling book detailing a near-disastrous mission in Somalia on October 3, 1993. On this date nearly 100 U.S. Army Rangers, commanded by Capt. Mike Steele, were dropped by helicopter deep into the capital city of Mogadishu to capture two top lieutenants of a Somali warlord. This led to a large and drawn-out firefight between the Army Rangers, US Special Forces, and hundreds of Somali gunmen; resulting in the destruction of two U.S. Black Hawk helicopters. The film focuses on the heroic efforts of various Rangers to get to the downed black hawks, centering on SSG Eversmann, leading the Ranger unit Chalk Four to the first black hawk crash site, Chief Warrant Officer Durant who was captured after being the only survivor of the second black hawk crash, as well as many others who were involved. matt-282 and Corbin L. The film takes place in 1993 when the U.S. sent special forces into Somalia to destabilize the government and bring food and humanitarian aid to the starving population. Using Black Hawk helicopters to lower the soldiers onto the ground, an unexpected attack by Somalian forces brings two of the helicopters down immediately. From there, the U.S. soldiers must struggle to regain their balance while enduring heavy gunfire. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In early 1990s Somalia, famine and civil war have gripped the country, resulting in over 300,000 civilian deaths and a huge United Nations peacekeeping operation being sent in. With the bulk of the peacekeepers withdrawn by 1993, the Somali militia have declared war on the remaining UN personnel. In response, United States Army Rangers, Delta Force, and 160th SOAR are deployed to Somalia to capture Mohammed Farrah Aidid, self-proclaimed president of the country. Outside Mogadishu, Rangers and Delta Force operatives capture Osman Ali Atto, a warlord selling arms to the militia of Aidid. Shortly thereafter, a mission is planned to capture Omar Salad Elmi and Abdi Hassan Awale Qeybdiid, two of Aidid's top advisers. The US forces include experienced men as well as new recruits, including PFC Todd Blackburn and a desk clerk going on his first mission. When his Lieutenant is removed from duty as the result of a seizure, Staff Sergeant Matthew Eversmann is placed in command of Ranger Chalk Four, his first command. The operation is launched and Delta Force successfully captures Aidid's advisers inside the target building, but the Rangers and helicopters escorting the ground-extraction convoy take heavy fire, while SSG Eversmann's Chalk Four is dropped a block away by mistake. When Blackburn is severely injured after falling from one of the Black Hawk helicopters, three HMMWVs led by SGT Jeff Struecker are detached from the convoy to return Blackburn to the UN-held Mogadishu Airport. SGT Dominick Pilla is shot and killed just as Struecker's column gets underway, and shortly thereafter a black hawk, call sign Super-Six One, piloted by CW3 Clifton "Elvis" Wolcott, is shot down by a rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) and crashes deep within the city. Wolcott and his co-pilot are killed, the two crew chiefs are wounded, and one mortally wounded Delta sniper on board escapes in another helicopter that makes it back to base. The ground forces are rerouted to converge on the crash site, but the Somali militia throw up roadblocks, forcing LTC Danny McKnight's Humvee column off it's planned route, while sustaining heavy casualties. Meanwhile, two Ranger Chalks, including Eversmann's unit, reach Super-Six One's crash site, setting up a defensive perimeter to await evacuation with the two wounded men and the fallen pilots. In the interim, call sign Super-Six Four, piloted by CW3 Michael Durant is also shot down by an RPG, crashing several blocks away. With CPT Mike Steele's Rangers pinned down and sustaining heavy casualties, no ground forces can reach Super Six Four's crash site, nor reinforce the Rangers defending Super Six One. Two Delta snipers, SFC Randy Shughart and MSG Gary Gordon are inserted by helicopter to Super Six Four's crash site, where they find Durant still alive. Despite a valiant effort to defend the downed Black Hawk, the crash site is eventually overrun, Gordon and Shughart are killed, and Durant is captured and taken to Aidid. McKnight's column gives up the attempt to reach Six-One's crash site, and returns to base with their prisoners and the casualties. The men prepare to go back to extract the pinned down Rangers and the fallen pilots and MG Garrison orders the 10th Mountain Division, including Malaysian and Pakistani forces, to mobilize as a relief column. As night falls the Somali militia launch a sustained assault on the trapped Americans at Super Six One's crash site. The militia is held off throughout the night by strafing runs and rocket attacks from AH-6J Little Bird helicopter gunships of the Nightstalkers, until the 10th Mountain Division's relief column is able to reach the site. The wounded and casualties are evacuated in the vehicles, however extracting the bodies of Cliff Wolcott and his co-pilot from the downed Black Hawk turns out to be more involved and the column is forced to stay for nearly four more hours. After everyone and any dead soldiers are secured in the vehicles, the convoy leaves. When space inside the vehicles runs short, a handful of remaining Army Rangers and Delta operatives are forced to run from the crash site back to the stadium, in the UN Safe Zone, a journey dubbed the "Mogadishu Mile" by those who ran. The closing credits detail the results of the raid: 19 American soldiers were killed, with over 1,000 Somalis dead. Durant was released after 11 days of captivity. Delta snipers Gordon and Shughart were the first soldiers to be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor since the Vietnam War. On August 2, 1996, Aidid was killed in a battle with a rival clan. General Garrison retired from active duty the following day. 
 Strange Days (1995)541) A former cop turned street-hustler accidentally uncovers a conspiracy in Los Angeles in 1999. In 1999, Los Angeles is racial war zone with the army and LSPD and SWAT officers fighting Afro-American people. The former cop Lenny Nero is a dealer of illegal recording in CDs that gives the memories and sensations of the recorder to the user. He buys the recordings from the supplier Tick; he misses his former mistress Faith, who was a hooker and now is a singer; his best friend is the private eye Max Peltier and the limousine driver Lornette 'Mace' Mason, who has unrequited love for him. Two days before the turn of the century, the black rapper Jeriko One is murdered. The hooker Iris seeks Lenny out but there is an incident and they do not talk to each other. However she drops a recording into Lenny's car while he unsuccessfully tries to meet Faith at a night-club. However her boyfriend Philo Gant does not let them talk. When Lenny learns that Iris was sadistically raped and killed, he gets involved in a sick scheme and discovers dirty hidden secrets. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Set in the year 1999 during the last days of the old millennium, the movie tells the story of Lenny Nero, an ex-cop who now deals with data-discs containing recorded memories and emotions. One day he receives a disc which contains the memories of a murderer killing a prostitute. Lenny investigates and is pulled deeper and deeper in a whirl of blackmail, murder and rape. Will he survive and solve the case? Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> Lenny Nero deals in dreams. Formerly an LAPD vice cop, he now deals in illegal 'squid' recordings - recordings made directly from the cerebral cortex of the participant, which allow the viewer to feel and experience everything the participant experiences as if they were there. One of life's perpetual losers, he ekes out a lonely, miserable existence at the end of the millennium, still pathetically yearning for his beautiful ex-girlfriend Faith, a beautiful singer, and is dependent on his friend Macey, who both loves him unquestioningly and despairs for him completely, in equal measure. But Lenny's life is about to be shattered; when he is anonymously sent the recording of the brutal rape and murder of a prostitute he is acquainted with, he and Macey soon find themselves reluctantly embroiled in a dark web of murder, blackmail and intrigue amid the civil unrest surrounding the suspicious death of an influential, politically active rap singer. Lenny and Macey are soon running from Faith's brutal manager, Philo Gant, and a pair of menacing police officers, as they try to uncover the connection between the two and stay alive long enough to see in the millennium. Scott Nisbet Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Los Angeles, December 30th, 1999. The story opens with a man saying "Ok, hit me...". There's a burst of TV static and the scene shifts immediately to a group of three men riding in a car. They are handing out pistols to each other and covering their faces with nylon stockings. The man in the back seat pulls a stocking over his head and it covers his point-of-view: we realize we are witnessing the event as it happens to him, through his perspective. The car stops at a convenience store and the men rush in, quickly pacifying customers and the Asian owners of the store. They empty the cash register and force one of the owners to empty the safe. The hostages are eventually herded into a food locker and are shut inside. As the robbers try to leave through the front entrance of the store, they run straight into several policemen. One of the men decides to take his chances and rushes the cops. The two remaining robbers are chased back through the store and out a back door which leads to a staircase. They climb the stairs rapidly with the cops in fast pursuit behind them. They reach the roof where a helicopter shines a light on them. One of the robbers jumps across to another roof and lands safely. The man whose perspective we have been watching is unable to make the jump and ends up hanging on the edge while his buddy frantically tries to pull him up. The cops arrive and fire a few shots and the robber loses his grip on the ledge and plummets to the ground. A burst of static is seen and we see blackness. At that moment, Lenny Nero, who has been watching a recording of the robbery, yells and pulls a strange, spider-like device off his head. He tells his technician, Tick, that he hates the kind of "playback" where someone dies. Tick still expects full payment for the clip Lenny watched, saying he had to recover his equipment, a small recording box and the "tape", a small compact disc, from the morgue. Lenny agrees to pay Tick the full amount and asks Tick what other recordings he has to sell. Lenny himself deals in a virtual reality-type of recording where people record their personal experiences that can be played back by anyone Lenny sells them to. The slang for the experience is called "jacking in". Lenny's argument for selling the recordings is that they allow anyone to experience life events without having to actually participate, especially in illegal activity or extra-marital affairs or pornography. The technology used to create the recordings was developed by law enforcement for evidence gathering and is illegal to buy or sell in the civilian sector. Lenny meets with a potential client and nearly has him convinced to buy his product when he's accosted by a cop who turns out to be his friend Max. The client is scared off and Max treats Lenny to a drink. Lenny, it turns out, is a former cop who was drummed out of the LAPD by his former supervisor, Commissioner Strickland. At an LA subway stop, a frightened woman is being chased by two LAPD officers. She barely manages to board the subway car and one of the officers, Steckler, grabs her hair through the closing doors. The woman's hair is a wig, which comes off her head. Steckler shoots uselessly at the car. His partner, Engleman, picks up the wig and shows it to Steckler. Hidden inside is a strange-looking circuited skullcap, a SQUID (Superconductive QUantum Interference Device), which records the wearer's thoughts. The cops are clearly upset that the woman got away. While Lenny & Max enjoy their drinks, an announcement is made on the news that a famous hip-hop musician, Jeriko One, has been found murdered. Jeriko had drawn much criticism from city leaders and the LAPD for openly criticizing them in his lyrics and public speaking events. His agent, a man named Philo Gant, gives a brief commentary, saying that Jeriko was a voice for the oppressed. Iris, the woman chased by the two cops, shows up near the bar and drops a playback disc with a note attached into Lenny's car. Even more frightened and nervous than she already is, she finds Lenny in the bar and tells him she's in trouble and that Lenny's former lover, Faith, is also in trouble too. Lenny follows Iris outside but, because Iris is terrified, can't get any useful information from her. A cop car rolls by and scares her off. Moments later, Lenny's car is towed. Lenny calls a friend, Mace, who comes by with her limousine and picks Lenny up. Mace also has to pick up a rich client, Mr. Fumitsu. While they ride together, Lenny tries to schmooze Fumitsu & the two discuss the latest technology associated with jacking-in. Their conversation angers Mace, who stops the car and drags Lenny out, telling him she doesn't like him dealing in her car, that Lenny's always broke and he's becoming strung-out on his own product. Mace's reprimand is mostly ignored by Lenny but she seems to get through to him. She takes him and Fumitsu to an exclusive club owned by Faith's boyfriend, Philo, where Faith is singing. Lenny first meets with another contact, Tex, who gives him a disc left with him for Lenny. Lenny watches Faith perform and then confronts her when she sits with Philo. Faith refuses to take Lenny seriously and Philo has him ejected from the club by his goons. Lenny is picked up by Mace again and watches the disc Tex gave him. In the playback, a man breaks into a hotel room through the balcony door and pulls a ski mask over his face. He looks directly at the hotel's menu ledger showing that the hotel is the Sunset Regent. He stalks through the room until he finds a woman, Iris, who tries to run out the door but is tazered and dragged into the bathroom. She's handcuffed to the towel rack and her attacker puts a playback SQUID on her head, connecting it to his own unit, forcing her to experience his own feelings. The attacker then chokes Iris with a towel while simultaneously raping her. Iris dies and the rapist turns off the feed. Lenny panics and tells Mace to take him to the Sunset Regent immediately. When they arrive, Iris is being taken out on a stretcher. Lenny takes the recording to Tick's place. Tick tries to identify the equipment in the recording but can't tell if it's his. He also says that the rapist is colorblind and has an unusual brainwave pattern, indicating psychosis. Tick becomes very frightened, thinking he could be implicated. He also recalls that Iris was looking for Lenny. Mace surmises that Iris left something in Lenny's car. Mace takes Lenny to the impound lot and they break in and find Lenny's car. Lenny finds the disc and note that Iris left. As they leave, Steckler & Engleman appear and demand the disc at gunpoint. Lenny gives them a disc and is nearly shot when the impound lot's Rottweiler (whom Mace had pacified with mace) jumps on Steckler. Lenny and Mace escape to her limo and take off, with the cops right behind. Mace is forced to stop at a dock. Steckler pours gasoline on the car and sets it on fire. Mace drives it into the harbor, extinguishing the flames. She pulls out the back seat and she and Lenny escape through the trunk. When they reach the surface, the cops have left. Mace scolds Lenny for giving up the disc, but Lenny tells her he merely gave them a sex recording of himself and Faith and shows Mace the real disc. Lenny goes home and falls asleep on his couch. In the morning, he finds a new disc. When he watches it, he sees his own apartment and the colorblind vision of Iris' killer as he picks the front door lock and enters. The rapist finds Lenny on the couch and holds a box-cutter to his throat. Lenny immediately gets his pistol and stalks to his kitchen where he finds Mace. He goes to Tick's place to see if Tick can identify the man in the clip, but he finds Tick catatonic. From Tick's perspective, we only see bursts of static and color and a faint image of Lenny trying to talk to him. Lenny says Tick had been forced to wear a SQUID with the signal boosted to a dangerous level, causing severe brain damage in his frontal lobe. Technically, Tick hasn't been murdered but will never recover. Mace takes Lenny to her brother's house where a New Year's Eve party is being held. He watches the disc Iris left behind and then tells Mace she needs to watch it too, despite her hatred for the medium. In the recording, which is from Iris' point-of-view, Iris is riding in a jeep with Jeriko One. With the two of them are a couple of friends. They are pulled over by the police, who reveal themselves to be Steckler and Engleman. They are ordered out of the Jeep and Jeriko is forced to his knees with his hands behind his head. Steckler berates Jeriko for his politically-charged music, which blatantly criticizes the LAPD. Jeriko provokes Steckler who opens fire and kills Jeriko & his & Iris' friends. Iris runs and makes it across some nearby railroad tracks just as a train goes by, temporarily cutting off Steckler and Engleman's pursuit. The tape fades out (and the story picks up with Iris' escape from the cops in the subway station the day before). Mace is clearly upset at the incident and decides to help Lenny get the clip to the authorities. Lenny and Mace go to the largest Millennium New Year's Eve party in the city, one that they know both Philo and Faith will attend, along with Max and Commissioner Strickland. Mace dresses in an elegant gown and secures a pistol to her upper thigh. Lenny goes off to find Faith in Philo's room in the hotel and Mace tries to find Commissioner Strickland and give him the clip of Jeriko's murder. Strickland threatens to have Mace arrested for carrying illegal material but she convinces him to watch the clip. Philo's security guards catch up with her and begin to follow Mace through the throng of party guests, however she drives them off. Lenny takes the elevator to Philo's rented suite. He finds signs of a struggle and a body covered by a sheet. On a table is a disc player and a note for him. He watches the clip inside and sees another stalking by the same colorblind man who killed Iris. This time, the victim is Faith. Lenny watches helplessly as Faith is seemingly strangled and raped by the attacker, but she isn't killed and she even says she enjoyed the near-death experience. Her attacker turns out to be Max, who has been carrying on a secret affair with Faith. As they finish having sex, Philo appears. Max immediately beats Philo, telling Faith that Philo hired him (Max) to kill her and forces him to watch the clip of Faith being "attacked", forcing the muzzle of his pistol into Philo's mouth. Max then turns up the signal on the player, causing Philo the same permanent brain damage that Tick suffered. Under the sheet in the room, Lenny finds Philo, who is completely helpless. Up in the hotel room, Max talks to Lenny about how he'd been hired by Philo to follow Faith and how he and Faith had fallen in love. After killing Iris, Max and Faith plotted against both Philo and Lenny. Max also shoots Philo, killing him, intending to pin the murder on Lenny. Max aims his pistol at Lenny, but Faith, not wanting to see Lenny be killed, stops him. Max and Lenny fight each other until Max breaks through one of the suite's windows and hangs high above the street by Lenny's tie. Lenny seizes a knife Max had stabbed him in the back with and cuts his tie and Max plunges to the street. Faith is arrested as an accomplice to Philo's assault by Max. On the street, Mace has been discovered by both Steckler and Engleman. They follow her through the streets. When they catch up to her, Mace engages them both and handcuffs them to each other. Strickland shows up with a small police unit and Steckler claims that Mace has assaulted them both. Strickland shows them the incriminating clip and says that they're both under arrest for murder. Engleman shoots himself in the mouth with his own pistol and Steckler, still cuffed to his partner, drags the body after Mace. When he points his pistol at Mace, the police open fire, killing Steckler. People celebrate and couples kiss as 1999 counts down to 2000. On the street, Lenny finds Mace. The two embrace and allow themselves to ride in separate ambulances. Lenny leaves his and finds Mace again and they embrace and kiss as the Millennium party goes on around them. 
 The Relic (1997)541) A homicide detective and an anthropologist try to destroy a South American lizard-like god, who's on a people eating rampage in a Chicago museum. A detective is puzzled after recent spate of deaths involving decapitations. He visits a museum when a new victim is found murdered in the same way. In the museum, he encounters an evolutionary biologist who herself is puzzled after discovering a mutated beetle that possesses both insect and reptilian DNA. The detective finds a common link between the murders, hypothalamus missing from the brains of the victims. Together they both try to defeat a monster/killer who is on a killing spree. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com A detective begins to a series of gruesome murders that seem to be related to a new exhibit in the Chicago Field Museum. Working with an evolutionary biologist, the evidence mounts up to them believing that what is roaming the exhibits is more than human. itcamefromamonstermovie A researcher at Chicago's Natural History Museum sends two crates from South America containing his findings, and when the crates arrive at the museum there appears to be very little inside. However, police discover gruesome murders on the cargo ship that supposedly brought the crates to the U.S. A murder soon takes place in the museum, and while investigating the murder, Lt. Vincent D'Agosta enlists the help of Dr. Margo Green, a researcher, at the museum. She has taken an interest in the contents of her colleague's crates. Unknown to both there is a large creature roaming the museum which is gearing itself up for a benefit reception which the city's mayor is to attend. Rob Hartill Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Somewhere in the Brazilian rain forest, Anthropologist John Whitney (Lewis Van Bergen) witnesses an Aboriginal tribal ritual, performed by dancing men in a state of trance. He drinks a kind of potion, concocted by the tribe's witch (Montrose Hughes) using leaves with a kind of red fungal growth on them. After drinking it, he becomes hysterical at the sight of a native, dressed in a costume and wearing face-paint. Whitney says to himself: "Oh my God! It's Kathoga!" Later, Whitney shows up at a commercial dock, where a cargo ship named the Santos Morales, is ready to depart. Locating the ship's captain (Santos Morales), Whitney pleads with him to unload his crates, destined for the Chicago Natural History Museum. Refusing to help, the captain boards the ship. Stowing away on board, Whitney locates the ship cargo hold and pries open one of the wooden crates. Finding only rugs inside, he breaks down and screams in despair. As the ship sails away, several more crates sit on the dock, labeled: "John Whitney - Chicago Natural History Museum". A title card reads: "Six Weeks Later", as the same cargo ship arrives in Chicago. The dock is cordoned off by police and we meet Lt. Vincent D'Agosta (Tom Sizemore) as he boards the ship with Detective Hollingsworth (Clayton Rohner). There are bloodstains everywhere, and the crew appear to be all gone. Searching the cargo hold, D'Agosta finds several of the crew in the bilge - their heads severed from their bodies. D'Agosta is very superstitious and carries a "lucky bullet" for protection. Meanwhile, the Museum of Natural History in Chicago is busy preparing for the grand opening of a new exhibit which explores the origins of superstition. As Dr. Margo Green (Penelope Ann Miller), an evolutionary biologist, arrives at work, the museum curator, Dr. Ann Cuthbert (Linda Hunt) tells Margo she is in competition for a grant, which she needs to continue her research at the museum. To her chagrin, Margo's colleague, Greg Lee (Chi Muoi Lo), has applied for the same grant. The grant is provided by wealthy Museum benefactors, the Blaisedales (Constance Towers & Francis X. McCarthy), who will attend the upcoming gala to open the new exhibit. Stopping by the office of Dr Albert Frock (James Whitmore), a colleague of John Whitney, Margo is intrigued by the contents of several crates, recently sent by airfreight from Brazil (the crates left behind by the ship). The remnants of a stone artifact are wrapped in the green leaves used in the potion. Margo takes some of the leaves to analyze them, while the remainder are incinerated in the basement of the museum. As a school group on an excursion enters the museum, two boys, skipping school for the day, sneak into the museum unnoticed, and hide. Alone in the museum after closing, they notice a bad smell in a basement stairwell, and discover the body of a Security Guard (Jophery C. Brown), which alerts the authorities to a killer on the loose. The guard has been beheaded and his brain removed by the killer. While an investigation gets underway, led by Lt. Vincent D'Agosta, the stone artifact found inside the crates is gradually restored by a technician (Lynn A. Henderson), for the new "Superstition" exhibit. It is revealed later to be a depiction of the mythical "Kathoga". As Albert Frock explains, Kathoga was a Chimera - a mythical creature that combined various animals into one. The coroner Dr. Zwiezic (Audra Lindley) examines the beheaded corpse of the Security Guard, with D'Agosta present, and discovers the victim's brain weighs less than it should. It appears to be missing the hypothalamus and pituitary glands. D'Agosta later finds out the beheaded victims on board the cargo ship were also missing the same parts of their brains. As police continue to search the museum for the killer, a homeless man, living in the cavernous basement, is shot and killed by accident. When he turns out to be a convicted rapist and felon, the museum's head of security is satisfied. But D'Agosta isn't convinced. There is still no explanation for the missing hypothalamuses, or, the deaths aboard the cargo ship. But with the Mayor of Chicago (Robert Lesser) and his wife (Diane Robin) due to attend the opening night gala as guests of honor, D'Agosta bows to pressure and lets the event go ahead, but insists on heavy police presence. As the gala gets underway, Margo analyzes the leaves and discovers a link between the substance on them and the human hypothalamus. The red substance contains a concentrated dose of the same hormones secreted by the hypothalamus, enough to cause rapid mutation in animals or insects that feed on it. When a beetle gets inside the container where the leaves are stored, it grows to the size of a rat, overnight. Margo shows her findings to Dr Albert Frock, who assists with her analysis of the beetle's DNA. He subscribes to a theory called the "Calysto Effect" - a sudden jump in evolution which results in an aberrant species. Meanwhile, D'Agosta orders a search of the subterranean tunnels and old sewage system under the museum, which links up with the docks. Something in the tunnel kills a search dog and his handler, so D'Agosta orders Detective Hollingsworth back to the museum to evacuate the guests. But it's too late. As the VIPs finally enter the Superstition exhibit, the killer strikes again, setting off a panic. The security system locks down the museum, trapping almost everyone inside. While police try to break in and helicopters lower a SWAT Team onto the roof, D'Agosta orders the remaining guests into the tunnels, which lead to the outside. The Blaisedales elect to stay behind in the museum's main exhibit hall, along with the ambitious Greg Lee and the head of security. But they soon become victims of the Kathoga, which finally reveals itself. As the SWAT Team drops into the hall, they too are killed by the beast, which climbs walls and uses giant pincers to sever their heads. Locked in another wing of the museum, Margo and Dr Albert Frock discover the origin of the beast, which is a hybrid of insect, reptile and various other animals, including one human being - the missing John Whitney. As the Kathoga, he must consume huge quantities of the hormones found in the human hypothalamus, to survive. Finding Margo alive and Dr Frock dead, D'Agosta asks Margo how to kill the beast. They try unsuccessfully to freeze it in the tunnel, using liquid nitrogen, then flee back to the lab. D'Agosta orders Margo to lock herself in, while he goes after the beast, but the Kathoga outwits them and drops through the roof of the lab. While D'Agosta is locked on the other side of a metal door, Margo incinerates the Kathoga when she blows up her lab, using flammable chemicals as fuel, while hiding inside a metal container filled with water. 