nm0008996:

 Who Am I? (1998)321) A Secret Agent loses his memory after falling from a crashing helicopter. He is then chased by several other agency operatives, but he has no idea why. Jackie Chan, a top secret militant soldier, crashes into the South African jungle after his mission of kidnapping three scientists (who were experimenting with a powerful mineral) has gone awry. Waking up in a village of local natives, Chan has no memory of who he is, thus being addressed as "Who Am I". His journey with aid from two female sidekicks to find out his identity leads him all the way to Rotterdam where he coincidentally discovers the location of the organization that kidnapped the three scientists. With no memory, Chan is thirsty for answers by any means necessary. commanderblue Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Somewhere in the jungles of South Africa, a multinational military unit, Special Force Unit, ambushes a convoy and kidnaps several scientists working on a highly-volatile compound extracted from a recently discovered meteorite. Among the operatives is a Hong Kong national identified by his code name "Jackie Chan". Morgan (Ron Smerczak) of the CIA is sent to South Africa to investigate the incident, not knowing that Morgan and newly-retired Lieutenant General Sherman (Ed Nelson) orchestrated the abduction for their personal profit. At the same time, the CIA assigns another operative in South Africa for a more covert operation. Chan wakes up in a tribal village somewhere in the African veldt, still recovering from injuries sustained in an accident he cannot remember; due to this, when asked for his name by the natives, he responds by asking himself, "Who Am I?", and is referred to as that by the natives. The tribesmen show him the remains of a crashed helicopter and graves of those who perished aboard. He spends weeks recuperating from his wounds and learning about the tribe's culture. After spotting rally cars from several miles away, "Who Am I?" bids the village farewell and ventures on a journey back to civilization. He befriends Japanese rally navigator Yuki (Mirai Yamamoto) after saving her brother from a snake bite and offering to help them finish the race. When they reach Johannesburg, "Who Am I?" meets Christine Stark (Michelle Ferre), an American journalist sent to interview him about his rally adventure. However, Morgan hears of "Who Am I?" and sends hitmen to kill him. Morgan also pretends to be his ally, telling him to contact him if he is in danger. After escaping from the hitmen, Christine cracks a secret code written on a matchbook found on one of the dead operatives, which leads them to Rotterdam, Netherlands. "Who Am I?" and Christine bid Yuki farewell and head for Rotterdam to find more answers to his identity. In Rotterdam, "Who Am I?" discovers that Christine is actually an undercover CIA agent. Not knowing whom to trust, he sneaks into the Willemswerf alone, where he discovers the masterminds behind the kidnapping of the scientists. It is revealed that Morgan and Lieutenant General Sherman are about to sell the extraterrestrial compound to a powerful arms dealer. While waiting for the online transaction to finish, the three men leave the conference room for a coffee break giving "Who Am I?" time to sneak in and steal the disc containing the compound information. He also cancels the transaction and sends the money to a children's organization, infuriating the arms dealer. After escaping from the building, "Who Am I?" regroups with Christine, who calls for the execution of a "Plan B", to surround the Erasmus Bridge and corner Morgan. After Christine takes Morgan into custody, "Who Am I?" throws the disc off the bridge and tells Christine that he will return to Africa. 
 Gums & Noses (2004)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bravo Two Zero (1999 TV Movie)Summaries This is the true story of the most highly decorated British patrol since the Boer war: an eight man SAS team inserted behind Iraqi lines during the Gulf War in January 1991. Their mission was to take out the scud missiles which Saddam Hussein was using to terrorize his enemies, as well as to sever strategic communication lines between Baghdad and North West Iraq. This top secret mission was called "Bravo Two Zero" and it was commanded by Sergeant Andy McNab. Of the eight who went out, only five returned. Dropped into "scud alley" carrying 210-pound packs, McNab and his men soon found themselves surrounded by Saddam's army. Their radios didn't work; the weather was brutally cold. And they had been spotted. Joanathan Amiran <pinkman@plastiv.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Adventures of Sinbad (19961998)Summaries The Adventures of Sindbad across the seven seas in a brand new version. Sindbad and his shipmates encounter a numerous strange and dangerous situations on their journey but they always find their way out. No mythical creature or black magic can stop them! A new re-telling of the adventures of the famous character from The Arabian Nights stories. Sinbad, along with his elder brother and an assorted band of companions, sets sail from Baghdad in search of adventure and riches. Along the way the voyagers encounter strange tribes, evil wizards and giant sea monsters intent on making an appetizer of their ship. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Two years after having been swept away in a storm and awakening to find a mysterious bracelet strapped to his wrist, the famous captain sets off on new voyages. Sinbad assembles a crew with his impulsive elder brother Doubar which includes the under appreciated inventor/man of sciene Firouz, the silent warrior Rongar, a Celtic woman named Maeve (the apprentice of Sinbad's magician mentor Dim Dim), and her beloved guardian hawk Dermott. Later to join the crew is an enigma of a woman known as Bryn. Dim Dim's disappearence and a constant battle with a witch named Rumina, who holds a connection to Maeve and Dermott, causes the crew to travel distant lands, fighting tyrants and monsters, all the while trying to keep magic and adventure alive in the world. Max Vaughn It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 