nm0001264:

 Scooby-Doo (2002)44) After an acrimonious break up, the Mystery Inc. gang are individually brought to an island resort to investigate strange goings on. The Mystery Inc. gang have gone their separate ways and have been apart for two years, until they each receive an invitation to Spooky Island. Not knowing that the others have also been invited, they show up and discover an amusement park that affects young visitors in very strange ways. Fred, Daphne, Velma, Shaggy and Scooby soon realize that they cannot solve this mystery without help from each other. Doug_Funnie Well Zoinks! They're back together again!! After two years apart, Mystery, Inc. are back together and ready to solve the mystery of Spooky Island. Spooky Island is a resort run by one Mr. Emile Mondavarious, who is having troubles with what he believes are real spooks. This is bad for business, when it gets around and threatens to send the guests scattering back to the mainland. Mondavarious convinces the gang that they are needed and should work together. But is the island really haunted, or is there just a sinister individual behind all the ride malfunctions and creepy, crawly creatures? If so, who could it be? SindyMac Mystery Inc. (Daphne, Fred, Velma, Shaggy, and Scooby Doo) has broken up; on the grounds of who has been solving their cases. After two years seperated, they are mysteriously joined together to solve a case on Spooky Island. A theme park owned by a man named, Mondavarious. He needs their help, figuring out why the vacationers are leaving mellow and sober. But it seems they are brought back as one for more than just solving a case. Rachel <DaphShagFredVelmScoob> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997 )Summaries A young woman, destined to slay vampires, demons and other infernal creatures, deals with her life fighting evil, with the help of her friends. "In every generation there is a chosen one... she alone will stand against the vampires, the demons and the forces of darkness. She is the slayer." Buffy Summers knows this tale by heart, and no matter how hard she tries to be just a "normal girl", she can not escape from her destiny... Thankfully, she is not alone in her quest to save the world, as she has the help of her friends, the hilarious (and surprisingly quite effective) evil-fighting team called "The Scooby Gang". Together, Buffy & co. will slay their demons, survive one apocalypse after another, attend high school and college... and above all, understand that growing up can truly be Hell sometimes... literally. m_starling It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cruel Intentions (1999)761) Two vicious step-siblings of an elite Manhattan prep school make a wager: to deflower the new headmaster's daughter before the start of term. Kathryn Merteuil and Sebastian Valmont are seductive, manipulative step-siblings who get what they want when they want it. Kathryn makes a bet with Sebastian: Sebastian must bed Annette, daughter of the headmaster at their school, before the end of summer break. Annette has stated that she would wait until love and marriage to sleep with a man. If Kathryn wins, she gets Sebastian's vintage 1959 Jaguar Roadster. If Sebastian wins, he gets Kathryn, the only girl he knows he'll never have. Also in play is Cecile, a nave girl whose mother had enlisted Kathryn to help her fit in at her new school. However, Kathryn (with Sebastian's help) plans to ruin Cecile's reputation as revenge on Kat's ex-boyfriend, who left her for Cecile. Kathryn makes a bet that her step-brother, Sebastian, won't be able to bed Annette (a virgin, who wants to wait until marriage) before the start of the school year. If he loses, Kathryn gets his Roadster, if he wins, he gets Kathryn. Scott Stoecker <mrgastruck@yahoo.com> Kathryn and Sebastian, two wealthy, manipulative teenage step-siblings from Manhattan's upper-crust, conspire in Cruel Intentions, a wickedly entertaining tale of seduction and betrayal. The stakes are high when the duo agrees upon a deliciously diabolical wager of sexual conquest without consequences. The pawns? The naive Celcile Caldwell and the virginal Annette Hargrove. Its summer break, and Kathryn has been dumped by her beau, Court Reynolds, for the innocent Cecile. Desperate to get even, Kathryn challenges Sebastian to ruin Celcile by deflowering her and turning her into a tramp-thus humiliating Court by delivering Cecile to him as damaged goods. Sebastian has pretty much 'had' all of the girls in New York City up to this point, and he's gotten a bit bored of it all. Though this is too easy a conquest for him, he obliges. He sets his sights on a greater challenge-the new headmaster's daughter, Annette, who recently wrote an article in Seventeen Magazine about how she intends to stay pure until she marries her boyfriend. Sebastian bets Kathryn that he can seduce the chaste and pristine Annette before school begins in the fall. Kathryn thinks this feat impossible and quickly agrees to the wager. The stakes: if Sebastian succeeds, Kathryn must give him a night of unbridled pleasure, something's he's wanted since their parents got married. If he fails, he must forfeit his priceless 1956 Jaguar to Kathryn and suffer the shame of defeat. --- Bickering step-siblings together quietly control much of the social lives of the students in an affluent NY prep school. Sebastian sees himself as a kind of Don Juan, who always gets his woman, while Katherine would rather enact revenge on ex-flames and corrupt incoming freshmen. One day, Kathryn and Sebastian, driven by a mutual lust for each other and a love of messing with innocent young people's lives, hatch a nefarious plan, and place a kind of bet. Sebastian is to woo and bed the daughter of the new headmaster (a very adamant virgin with plans to only "wait until marriage"), and if he is able to accomplish this seemingly impossible task, he can have his way with Kathryn - the one woman whom he KNOWS he can not have. If he is unable to seduce the ice queen, however, Katherine gets his classic car. J.J. Neal A pair of unscrupulous siblings star in a sexy tale of seduction, revenge and conquest. After cleverly seducing and ruining the reputation of an unsuspecting classmate, the sparks fly when Kathryn poses the ultimate challenge to her insatiable stepbrother Sebastian: deflower the Headmaster's beautiful, virgin daughter Annette. If he fails, Kathryn gets his 1956 jaguar convertible, but if he succeeds, Sebastain gets to possess and bed Kathryn. The stakes are high, but for Sebastian, the payoff is feverishly irresistible and before the summer's over, no one will escape their relentless game of cat and mouse . . . until one of them is bitten by the most unlikely sensation of all . . . love. Robert Lynch <docrlynch@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York City. 1999. The womanizing Sebastian Valmont (Ryan Phillippe) is with his therapist Dr. Greenbaum (Swoosie Kurtz) to talk with her over his sexual urges over other women. Sebastian decides that he is more or less cured and bids goodbye to him to set out as a new man. She thinks she has convinced him of sustaining longer and more serious relationships with girls. After Sebastian leaves her office, Dr. Greenbaum gets a phone call from her distraught daughter Marci (Tara Reid) who claims that her boyfriend just broke up with her and posted a nude photograph of her on the Internet. Dr. Greenbaum realizes that Sebastian is the guy whom Marci is talking about and she chases after him and yells at him for violating and corrupting her daughter in front of a small crowd. Sebastian slyly denies knowing who Dr. Greenbaum is and leaves, only stopping to pick up another young woman. Kathryn Merteuil (Sarah Michelle Gellar), the image of social perfection, takes the sheltered and naive Cecile Caldwell (Selma Blair), under her wing, promising to turn Cecile into a model student like herself. Kathryn's real intention, however, is to take revenge on Court Reynolds, Kathryn's own ex-lover, who dumped her for the "innocent little twit", Cecile. Kathryn intends to corrupt Cecile by getting her to sleep with as many men as possible, thereby destroying her reputation and teaching Court a lesson. Kathryn asks for help from her step-brother, who happens to be Sebastian. Though Kathryn and Sebastian have collaborated in schemes of manipulation before, he initially refuses. He is busy planning another "conquest", the beautiful Annette Hargrove (Reese Witherspoon), a girl who has published a manifesto saying that she plans to keep her virginity intact until she gets married. Annette is the only daughter of the new headmaster at their prep school Manchester, which is currently closed for the summer season. Sebastian learns that Annette will be staying with his aunt Helen Rosemond (Louise Fletcher) in the Hamptons on Long Island and Sebastian hopes that it will be a perfect opportunity to seduce Annette. Kathryn doesn't think Sebastian has a chance with Annette, so they make a wager. If Kathryn wins, she gets Sebastian's vintage Jaguar, a 1956 XK140 Roadster; if Sebastian wins, she offers him a night of passion with her, as she is the only girl Sebastian cannot bed. Sebastian initially rejects this deal, being very enamored of his car, but relents when Kathryn ups the ante, telling him that he can "put it anywhere." Meanwhile, Ronald Clifford (Sean Patrick Thomas), Cecile's music teacher for the summer, is also smitten with Cecile, and Kathryn makes arrangements for Ronald and Cecile to spend time together, hoping that he will take Cecile's virginity. On Long Island, Sebastian has a hard time seducing Annette when they first meet. Through they have chemistry, she sees right through him and rejects his advances claiming that she knows that he seduces and corrupts young women for his own twisted enjoyment. Shocked and angry by Annette's rejection of him, Sebastian confides in a Manchester Prep student Blaine (Joshua Jackson) about Annette's knowledge about his past. Blaine suggests that Annette's ex-boyfriend and Blaine's current lover Greg McConnell (Eric Mabius) may have accused him. After a confrontation later that same night, where Sebastian threatens to reveal Greg's homosexual relationship with Blaine, Greg denies that he told Annette anything. Seeing that Greg has no reason to lie, Sebasian then tells Greg to find out who has been bad-mouthing him to Annette while telling him to tell Annette a fabricated story about his good intentions. Later, Sebastian learns from Greg that Annette has been forewarned of his libertine ways by none other than Cecile's mother, Mrs. Bunny Caldwell (Christine Baranski). Wanting revenge, Sebastian returns to New York and re-joins Kathryn in her plans to corrupt Cecile. Kathryn engineers Ronald's break-up with Cecile by informing Mrs. Caldwell of their flirtations; Mrs. Caldwell quickly ends their affair and fires Ronald as Cecile's music teacher. Sebastian, in turn, calls Cecile to his house, ostensibly to give her a letter from Ronald. Once at his house, Sebastian blackmails Cecile and convinces her to have oral sex. The next day, Cecile confides in Kathryn, who advises her to learn the art of sex from Sebastian so that she can make Ronald happy in bed. Meanwhile, Sebastian continues his quest of Annette by continuting to put on a compasionate facade to discredit his bad-boy reputation. He tells Annette that he thinks of other people and demonstrates by volunteering at a hospice care facility where she also volunteers. He also gives money donations to charity groups knowing Annette is observing him which is also a part of his ploy to get back on her good graces. Over the next few days, Sebastian begins to fall in love with Annette, who returns his feelings but still keeps her defenses up. Sebastian declares that Annette is a hypocrite, waiting for love but refusing to sleep with the guy that loves her. Confused and beaten by Sebastian's logic, Annette relents, but Sebastian, now feeling guilty for leading her on, refuses her. Heartbroken and embarrased, Annette flees his aunt's estate. Sebastian tracks her down at her parents hotel suite in New York and professes his love, and they consummate their feelings. Kathryn offers herself to Sebastian the next day, since he has won the bet, but he refuses; his romantic focus is now on Annette. Kathryn taunts Sebastian for having gone soft, then convinces him that his love for Annette is nothing more than a infatuation. Kathryn threats to ruin Annette's reputation unless Sebastian breaks up with her. Swayed by Kathryn's threat, Sebastian coldly breaks up with Annette and returns to Kathryn. Kathryn, however, now refuses to sleep with him. After Sebastian tells Kathryn that he has arranged for Cecile and Ronald to be together, Kathryn reveals that she has known all along that he was truly in love with Annette, yet she manipulated him to give it up. While Sebastian may have initially won the bet, she made him lose his first true love, and she (Kathryn) does not sleep with "losers." Sebastian, hurt and angry, leaves and declares war on Kathryn. After trying unsuccessfully to talk to Annette, he sends her his journal, in which he has detailed all his previous "conquests" and written his true feelings for Annette. He wants to offer the diary to Annette, hoping she will learn the truth for herself and forgive him. Kathryn, meanwhile, informs Ronald of Sebastian's affair with Cecile; Kathryn also claims that Sebastian had hit her (in a deleted scene Sebastian indeed slapped Kathryn). A furious Ronald confronts Sebastian in the middle of the street outside Annette's apartment building and a fist fight ensues. Annette, in search of Sebastian, comes upon the fight and tries to stop it. She is thrown into the way of an oncoming taxi cab. Sebastian pushes her to safety and is hit by the speeding cab himself. Annette rushes to his side. Before he dies, he professes his love for her, and she reciprocates. A few weeks later, the new school year at Manchester Prep is inaugurated with Sebastian's funeral. During the service, Kathryn gives a self-sufficient speech to the school about how she had unsuccessfully tried to get Sebastian to mend his ways and become a model student like herself. Halfway through her speech, students start walking out. Flustered, Kathryn rushes outside the chapel, where Cecile is distributing copies of Sebastian's journal (entitled Cruel Intentions) to all the students. The journal shows all of Sebastian's inner thoughts: his conquests, his description of the bet, and a page on Kathryn, which finally exposes her manipulative and deceitful ways, including the fact that she hides a vial of cocaine in a crucifix she wears in the rosary beads around her wrist. The headmaster takes Kathryn's crucifix and opens it, spilling the cocaine. Kathryn's spotless reputation is destroyed, and people finally see her for the troubled, callous mastermind that she is. In the final shot, Annette drives away in Sebastian's Jaguar, putting his sunglasses on, with his journal by her side and fond memories of being with Sebastian playing through her head. 
 I Know What You Did Last Summer (1997)651) Four young friends bound by a tragic accident are reunited when they find themselves being stalked by a hook-wielding maniac in their small seaside town. After an accident on a winding road, four teens make the fatal mistake of dumping their victim's body into the sea. But exactly one year later, the dead man returns from his watery grave and he's looking for more than an apology. Anonymous When four friends accidentally hit and kill a man on a road at night, they start to panic and decide to dump the body into the sea. A year later, they all try to settle down again, but one of the friends receives a note in the post, with the words 'I know what you did last summer'. As each of the friends gains their own reminder, they finally accept the one thing they feared the most; someone knows what happened that night, and now they're out for revenge. FilmFanUK After Helen Shivers (Sarah Michelle Gellar) wins a beauty pageaent, Julie James (Jennifer Love Hewitt), Barry William Cox (Ryan Phillippe), and Ray Bronson (Freddie Prinze Jr.) are celebrating along with graduation on the 4th of July. The four friends go to a party and decide to head out to the beach in the middle of the night. Barry, who is intoxicated, decides to let Ray drive his car back home from the beach. On their way home, they hit and apparently kill a man who is walking in the road. While thinking what to do with the corpse, Julie's friend Max Neurick (Johnny Galecki) arrives. Julie tells him that everything is fine so he leaves. While dumping the body in a nearby sea, the body becomes alive and tries to attack Helen. They dump the corpse in the ocean and agree to never discuss again what had happened. Tristan Williams It's the fourth of July and four friends Julie, Ray, Helen, and Barry are celebrating along with graduation. On their way home they hit a pedestrian walking down a curved corner. They make a pact to keep it a secret in hopes of saving their futures. While dumping the body in a near by sea, the body becomes alive and tries to attach Helen. They throw him in and never return to that site. One year later, Julie returns home from college for summer break. In the mail she receives a letter stating that "I know what you did last summer." Julie freaks out and gathers up her old friends who are now separated, miserable and not speaking. They all decide to find out who saw them that fateful night and in the process of tracking the suspect down, the body count goes up. Kyle <Kyleshivers@aol.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It's the 4th of July, 1996 and four high school seniors, Julie (Jennifer Love Hewitt), her boyfriend Ray (Freddie Prinze Jr), Julie's best friend Helen (Sarah Michelle Gellar) and her boyfriend Barry (Ryan Phillippee) decide to have some fun on their last summer as kids. So they party and get drunk and go to an isolated beach by their town. While on the beach, they discuss their futures beyond their small town, as well as discuss an urban legend regarding a young couple who find a hook attached to their car door. Since Ray is the only one of them that is sober, he is tasked with driving them back home. The ride soon gets out of control when Barry spills alcohol in the car, distracting Ray, who accidentally hits a random stranger on the road. The incident soon turns ugly when the group begin to argue over what happened. The police won't believe it as an accident, since there's alcohol spilled in the car, and the car belongs to Barry. The situation grows worse when a vehicle appears in the distance. This turns out to be another local teenager, named Max (Johnny Galecki). Julie distracts him by saying they just had car trouble, and he drives on. Once he's gone, the talk turns to disposing of the body to hide what happened. Julie feels that they should tell what they did but Barry, drunk and in a violently-upset rage, demands that no one be told, with Helen taking Barry's side. They take it down to the nearby docks and dump the body in the water, with Barry making everyone swear to take the secret to their graves. One year later and now a freshman in college, Julie goes home for the summer. While at home, her Mom gives her a letter that was received, but it has no return address and is not postmarked. Inside, she finds a folded piece of paper with a message: "I Know What You Did Last Summer!" Panicked over their secret having gotten out, Julie goes to Helen's sister Elsa (Bridgette Wilson), to inquire for Helen's number in New York. However, Elsa soon reveals that Helen went to college in New York and then came back, now working in their family's store. They then go to see Barry. Barry claims that no one can know, and as the three discuss that fateful night, Barry recalls how Max drove by, and he was the only person there that night. Barry immediately suspects him, and the three head down to the nearby docks. Barry claims he'll 'talk' to Max in private, but Barry gets carried away, threatening Max with an ice pick, telling him to leave them alone, even though Max claims he has no idea what Barry is talking about. While down at the docks, Julie finds Ray working off a fishing boat down there. He tries to patch things up regarding their now-broken relationship, but she runs off. Back inside Max's workplace, unseen by anyone, Max is killed when an unseen person uses the ice pick that Barry had threatened Max with. Later that evening, Barry goes to a local gym to workout. In the locker room, he hears a sound. Looking around the locker room, Barry finds nothing until he returns to his locker. He soon finds a Polaroid photo of his BMW, with a message written on the back: "I Know." Barry also finds that his jacket is gone. Rushing out of the locker room, Barry see his car turn on, and back off down the road. Barry gives chase, only to have the driver attempt to run him down. The driver, wearing a dark fisherman's rain slicker and wielding a large ice hook, gets out of the car and stands over him. Barry ends up in the hospital, but is unable to tell the police anything about the person's identity, other than that he wore a black rain slicker, and carried an ice pick. In his hospital room, the four friends talk about what happened, with Barry still strongly against revealing what they did. Julie then reveals that she has been doing some investigating, and reveals that the name of the person they struck was David Egan. Feeling that maybe Egan survived and is staying with a local relative, Julie and Helen head out to the Egan's residence deep in the inland swamps. Julie and Helen arrive at David's house where they find David's moody older sister, Missy (Anne Heche). Missy explains that David's death devastated their family, as Julie and Helen act under the guise that their vehicle has broken down. While both of them originally think that Missy may be the killer, talking with her, they soon write her off their suspects list. However, Missy does explain that someone came after her brother had died, claiming to be his friend. When the girls ask for this person's name, Missy believes it to be 'Billy Blue'. Helen returns to her home that night, and prepares for the 4th of July parade the next morning. She does not notice the fisherman sneaking into her house through the back door, going upstairs and hiding in her bedroom closet. Waking up the next morning, she is horrified to find that someone has slashed her hair in the night, and written 'Soon' on her vanity mirror. Helen then calls Barry and Julie to come over quickly. On her way over, Julie hears a strange sound coming from the back of her car. Upon reaching Helen's, she hears something in the trunk and opens it, to reveal Max's dead body, with crabs crawling over him! Julie rushes in to tell Barry and Helen, but when they return, the crabs and Max's body have disappeared from the trunk. Barry assumes Julie was hallucinating, but she swears she did see Max's dead body. Julie, Helen, and Barry confront Ray about the recent events, which Barry thinks that Ray is behind it. Ray strongly denies being the one and claims that whoever knows is after him too for he received a similar letter. Julie decides to revisit Missy to ask her more questions about David Egan and about the visitor 'Billy Blue', while Helen and Barry go to participate in the 4th of July parade. During the parade, Barry keeps an eye out for the killer, but notices that there are several people wearing the dark rain slickers running about. Chasing one, Barry leaves Helen on one of the parade floats. As it passes by a 2-story building, she notices a shadowy figure in a black rain slicker, reveal an ice pick in a threatening way as the float passes by. Meanwhile, Julie arrives back at Missy's house in hopes to convince her that her brother is still alive, and to secretly find out more about who the stranger called Billy Blue was. Missy tells Julie that her brother is dead, and presents her with a suicide note that was left by him which reads 'I will never forget last summer'. Julie thinks that the handwriting matches that of the note she received, and tries to convince Missy that her brother is not dead. However, Missy soon grows upset by Julie's ravings, and orders her to leave her property. At the annual Croaker Pageant, Helen is in attendance as her reign as the Croaker Queen is about to come to an end. Barry is watching from an upstairs balcony, but as the pageant goes on, Helen lets out a yell when she sees the killer pull Barry into the shadows! Rushing upstairs with a police officer, they look around but find no sign of the killer or Barry. The officer thinks Helen imagined it, and offers to take her home. On the way there, the officer cuts through an alley and finds someone working on their truck engine, which has stalled across the street. The officer gets out to investigate, only to come face-to-face with the killer, who kills the officer with the ice hook. Helen manages to break out of the police car, and rushes for her family's store, where her sister Elsa lets her in. Helen demands that Elsa lock all the doors, but before Elsa can finish the job, the killer enters through a side door and slashes her to death. The killer then stalks after Helen, chasing her out of the store, down an alley, and near a pile of used tires where she is killed steps away from the 4th of July parade that is going on. Meanwhile, Julie has returned to town does some further research into the death of David Egan. A year before the 'accident,' David and his girlfriend Susie were involved in a car crash not far from where the film's 'accident' scene occurred. David survived, but Susie died. The research mentions that Susie had a father, named Ben Willis. Julie then figures it out: They did not kill David Egan that night! Her assumption is that David had been found along the road by Ben, who killed him and disposed of the body. But before Ben could get home, the four crashed into him during their joyride that night. Julie then decides to tell Ray who is working down by the docks. She explains her theory, but he doesn't believe it. As they talk, she suddenly notices the name of the boat he works on Billy Blue! Julie panics, thinking that Ray may actually be the murderer and takes off running, only to be chased by Ray before a fisherman stops him, and puts her onto his boat. As she looks around the boat, she finds one room that contains photos and other articles about her, Helen, Barry and Ray... and realizes that she is on Ben's boat! Ben has set the boat adrift and intends to kill Julie, who leads him on a cat-and-mouse chase through the ship. Eventually, Julie winds up in an ice room to store fish, and finds the corpses of Helen and Barry. Ray manages to come to his senses, and takes a small motorboat, catching up to Ben's boat. In the end, Ray manages to use the ship's rigging to save Julie, causing Ben to lose his arm in which he carried the hook, and plummets over the side. All that is found of Ben is the severed arm with the hook in the hand. When the Police question Julie and Ray about why Ben would have wanted to kill them, they claim they have no idea. A year later, Julie is enjoying another year of college, and is getting ready to return to her hometown to see Ray. As she prepares to take a shower, her college roommate says that there was a letter left for her. Fearing the same thing as before, Julie is relieved to find that it is an invitation to a pool party. Returning to the showers, the hot water has caused the room to steam up. As Julie heads towards one shower stall, she stops upon seeing writing on one of the doors, which reads: "I still know." The last shot is Ben, crashing through the glass shower door at the camera (aka Julie), the ice pick now embedded in the stump of his missing arm. 