nm0004697:

 Get Out (I) (2017)1091) A young African-American visits his white girlfriend's parents for the weekend, where his simmering uneasiness about their reception of him eventually reaches a boiling point. Chris and his girlfriend Rose go upstate to visit her parents for the weekend. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined. Anonymous Rose Armitage is taking her boyfriend, Chris Washington, to meet her parents for the first time. He's a bit uneasy about how they'll treat him, as they're white and he's black. However, her parents turn out to be unfazed and everything seems to be going fine. Chris then starts to notice some weird behavioral traits with the African-American staff at the house. The Armitages throw a huge party and Chris ends up in some awkward conversations with the guests. Initially, he just puts it down to the racial difference, but then the guests', and Armitages', motives start to appear more sinister. Chris decides it is time to get out. grantss Chris Washington, a talented young African-American photographer, prepares to meet his Caucasian girlfriend Rose Armitage's parents during a weekend in their Lake Pontaco house. Chris and Rose have been together for five months, and the Armitages are completely unaware that their daughter's sweetheart is black. But when Chris finally meets Rose's mother, a psychiatrist who specializes in hypnosis, and her father, a neurosurgeon, he will soon realize that the family is surrounded by black servants in the total privacy of their magnificent, yet secluded estate in the woods. Little by little, as the friendly and polite ambience gives way to an indistinguishable, rather unrecognizable threat, the unsettling mood coupled with sheer dread will quickly disturb the family's tranquil faade. What could the Armitages be hiding? And why is there an off-limits, locked room that leads to the basement? Nick Riganas An African-American man travels with his Caucasian girlfriend to meet her parents for the first time. What starts out as an awkward visit soon turns into a horrifying struggle for his sanity and survival, as the family and the townspeople are not what they seem. Ant R A young African-American photographer by the name of Chris Washington is dragged out to his girlfriend's parents' house to spend the weekend and meet the family. Chris feels unwelcome, considering there are only three other African-Americans on the farm, and two of them work on it. As the weekend progresses, Chris starts noticing some weird things around the farm and when he snaps a picture of one of the family members, the man freaks out. The sense of uneasiness is in the air and it continues to grow as Chris finds out the strange truth of what is really going on in this place. gavin Johns Now that Chris and his girlfriend, Rose, have reached the meet-the-parents milestone of dating, she invites him for a weekend getaway upstate with Missy and Dean. At first, Chris reads the family's overly accommodating behavior as nervous attempts to deal with their daughter's interracial relationship, but as the weekend progresses, a series of increasingly disturbing discoveries lead him to a truth that he never could have imagined. Jwelch5742 Black photographer Chris Washington reluctantly agrees to meet the family of his white girlfriend, Rose Armitage. During their drive to the family's countryside estate, they hit a deer. Though Chris was not driving, the white policeman asks for Chris' identification; Rose intervenes and the incident goes unrecorded. At the house, Rose's brother Jeremy and their parents, neurosurgeon Dean and hypnotherapist Missy, make discomfiting comments about black people. Chris witnesses strange behavior from the estate's black workers: housekeeper Georgina and groundskeeper Walter. After dating each other for five months, Rose Armitage is taking Chris Washington, a photographer, to meet her parents, Dean and Missy Armitage, for the first time in spending the weekend with them at their isolated lakeside home in the country. Chris is concerned that Rose, who is white, has not told them that he is black, especially as he knows he is the first black man she's ever dated. Rose, in turn, reassures him that the color of his skin would not matter to them, they, as health care professionals - he a neurosurgeon, she a psychiatrist - who would be more concerned about his smoking. Even more concerned than Chris is his best friend Rod Williams, also black, who, as a TSA agent, is paid to be worried about the possibility of the worst. It isn't until they arrive at the house that Rose is reminded that this weekend also marks the annual get together of friends at the house, a ritual started by Rose's long deceased paternal grandfather, Roman Armitage, meaning that Chris will be under the scrutiny of a larger group of people in Rose's life. While Dean and Missy are welcoming and cordial enough, Chris begins to have an odd sensation about the situation, where the issue of race is brought up frequently in subtle yet not so subtle ways, and in the case of Rose's younger medical school student brother Jeremy Armitage, somewhat adversarial, again primarily in only underlying ways, all which Rose acknowledges in her surprise. In addition, Chris notices the Armitages' two domestics, Georgina the housekeeper and Walter the groundskeeper, both black, often act almost like they are detached from reality. Will Chris find that Rod was correct in he having walked into a problematic situation because of the color of his skin in this odd feeling setting? Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, a young black man named Andre is walking alone at night through a perfectly-manicured suburban street. A little sports car pulls up and starts slowly tracking him. Andre gets spooked, says, "fuck this shit", and changes directions to briskly walk back the way he came. When he turns to see what the car did, he sees it's parked where it was, but the door is open. From out of nowhere, a man in a medieval helmet attacks Andre, renders him unconscious, and drags his body to the car. Rosearrives at her photographer boyfriend Chris' (Daniel Kaluuya) apartment with pastries and coffee. They're getting ready to go away for the weekend to visit her family and he's concerned that they don't know she's dating a black guy. She assures him that, while they will likely say some stupid things, they are incredibly progressive. Her dad would have even voted for Obama a third time if he could have. Chris asks if he's the only black guy she's ever dates and she says he is, but she's confident that her parents will be totally cool. On the ride to her parents' home, Chris goes for a cigarette, but Rose takes it and throws it out the window, warning that her parents would hate that she dates a smoker. Chris calls his buddy Rod, a TSA agent at the local airport, and reminds him to take care of his dog and not to feed him "people food." Rod, disapproving of Chris dating a white woman, berates him and says visiting the white folk is a bad idea. He also flirts a bit with Rose, and Rose thinks it's sweet when Chris gets a bit jealous. While they're deep in conversation and not entirely paying attention to the road, a deer darts out in front of the car and is hit. They pull over to investigate and call the police, who ask what they're doing in the area. Rose tells them that they're visiting her family who live nearby. The officer asks to see Chris's ID, but Rose steps in and says that because he wasn't driving there's no need for that. The officer lets them go, and Chris tells Rose that it was hot the way she stood up for him to the racist policeman. Chris and Rose arrive at her parents' home. Her father, Dean Armitage, is an affable neurosurgeon who, yes, tells Chris that he would have voted for Obama a third time if he could have. Her mother, Missy (Catherine Keener), is a strangely-cold hypnotherapist. She offers to cure Chris of his nicotine addiction through hypnosis, but he doesn't feel cool with people tooling around in his head. The Armitages also have two on-site black helpers: Walter (Marcus Henderson), the groundskeeper, and Georgina (Betty Gabriel), the maid/housekeeper. Dean acknowledges that it looks bad, two wealthy white people having two helpers who are black, but they were hired to take care of his parents and Dean would have felt bad letting them go. There's definitely something off about both Walter and Georgina. They have a definite stiff Stepford artificial politeness about them. They also both speak using dated vernacular. Dean gives Chris a tour of the house and shows him old family photos. Dean claims that his father was a track runner who was beat out by Jesse Owens to compete in the 1936 Olympics in front of Hitler. And while that was sad for his dad, it was still great to have Hitler's Aryan idealism proven wrong. There are also photos of Rose's brother who will be joining them later. He's a surgeon like his dad, but he went through a rough patch. The family gets together for afternoon tea. Missy stirs her tea and lightly taps her spoon against the teacup three times (super-important, later). Missy asks about Chris' parents. Chris claims that his father left when he was young and his mother died after being hit by a car when he was 11. Georgina sort of short-circuits while pouring tea, and Missy tells her to go lie down and get some rest. The Armitages tell Rose that they're having their big party tomorrow. She's surprised and they remind her that it's the same day every year. Rose's brother Jeremy arrives. He's an aggressive spoiled rich kid. That night at dinner a drunk Jeremy starts talking to Chris about MMA fighting, saying that Chris would be a natural at it becomes he comes from hearty stock. He wants to spar, but Chris says that he has rules about play-fighting with drunks. Dean and Missy tell Jeremy that maybe it's time for him to go to bed. Chris and Rose retire to their room where she apologizes for her family and they go to sleep. In the middle of the night, Chris gets up and decides to sneak out for a cigarette. While outside he sees something in the distance charging at him. It's Walter! He heads straight for Chris, but makes a sharp turn at the last moment and runs off in another direction. Inside the house, Georgina is staring out a window. It turns out she's looking at her own reflection, not Chris. She adjusts her hair and Chris decides to head back inside. Before Chris can make it back to his room, Missy startles him by turning on a light. She says smoking is a bad habit and offers again to help him quit. He sits, but mocks the notion of hypnotism, unaware that she IS slowly hypnotizing him, using her teaspoon as a focus object. She takes him back to the night his mom died when he was 11, and he tells her that his mother didn't come home from work and he was too scared to do anything, like call the police, that would make it real, so he just sat watching TV, nervously digging his nails into his bedposts. Present-day Chris is doing the same thing, digging his nails into the arms of the chair. She taps her teacup with her spoon three times, and tells him to sink. Eleven-year-old Chris sinks into his bed, while present-day Chris sinks into blackness, seeing himself and Missy far above. His consciousness has left his body, which is paralyzed in the chair. He wakes in the morning and checks his phone. Rod has sent Chris a picture of him pretending to give his dog beer. His battery is low, so he plugs it in. Chris tells Rose that he thinks her mom hypnotized him last night; he has vague recollections of the evening. The Armitages' wealthy friends arrive for the big party. It's mostly older white people who say many inappropriate things to Chris: how he has a good build; because Tiger Woods golfs he must have a good swing too; are black guys better in bed, etc. Chris sneaks off and finds a blind man named Jim Hudson (Stephen Root) who says that all the people at the party are ignorant. He's an art dealer and Chris is well aware of who he is. Jim says that he's a fan of Chris's work. He recognizes the irony of a blind art dealer, but tells him that he has a really good assistant who is great at describing pieces. He envies Chris's eye. Jim says that he himself tried photography, but was never very good at it. When Chris goes back to mingling with the guests, he discovers another black guy. He's about Chris' age and Chris tries to bond with him, but he too is stiff and unnatural like Walter and Georgina. But something about him seems familiar to Chris. (Note: the sharp eye will notice that this is Andre from the opening scene.) Chris decides to check in with Rod again, and he finds his phone unplugged again. He plugs it in, calls Rod, and tells him everything that's been going on. Rod warns him that white people love to have sex slaves and he needs to get out of there. Rose finds Chris and he tells her how weird everything is and that his phone was unplugged again. She tells him he's just being paranoid because he's in an uncomfortable situation. He agrees and she leaves. Rod tells Chris to take a picture of the black guy and he will see if he remembers him. As Chris is about to leave, he's blocked by Georgina who apologizes for unplugging his cellular phone; she lifted it up while dusting the nightstand, and when it came unplugged she didn't want to mess with it further. He says that it's fine and that he didn't mean to rat her out. She doesn't understand. So he clarifies that he didn't mean to get her in trouble. She gets super weird and lets out a single tear while telling him that the Armitages treat her like family. Chris goes back outside and tries to discreetly take the familiar black man's picture with his cell phone, but has forgotten to turn off the flash. As soon as his phone flashes, the man changes. He goes from overly prim and proper to raving. His nose starts bleeding and he jumps at Chris telling him, "Get out! Get the fuck out while you still can!" Rose is freaked out now too. She asks her dad what happened and he explains that the flash just caused the man to have a seizure. The man comes out and apologizes for upsetting everyone and says he must return home. Chris and Rose go for a walk and Chris tells her that he's sure he recognized the guy and that something strange is definitely going on. She agrees by saying that it did not seem like a seizure at all. Chris says that he'd really like to go home now. Rose reluctantly agrees. She says she will make up something to tell her parents. Back at the house, Dean is holding a silent auction with his guests, who hold up bingo cards to bid. Next to him is a picture of Chris. Jim Hudson wins the auction. The other guests all go home. Chris goes to pack his belongings and gets a call from Rod, who tells him that the guy in the picture is a guy they knew named Dre, who used to work at a movie theater but went missing some weeks ago. The phone battery dies. Chris notices that the closet door is open. He looks inside and finds a box filled with photos of Rose posed romantically with many other black guys. There are also photos of her with both Walter and Georgina, who don't at all resemble the robotic versions Chris has met. Apparently Chris isn't the first black guy Rose has been with after all! Rose returns and Chris says that he needs the keys to put their bags in the car. She looks for them in her purse as they make their way out of the house. Suddenly, Jeremy appears, blocking the front door. Dean and Missy are there too. Jeremy is ready to attack, but Missy and Dean tell him to calm down. Chris keeps telling Rose to get the keys. Missy and Dean tell Chris that they don't want him to leave. Chris asks for the keys again and Rose says, very calmly: "You know I can't give you the keys." Chris finally realizes that Rose too is in on whatever this is. Jeremy attacks Chris. Dean yells and Missy clinks the teaspoon on her glass causing Chris to sink back into the dark void again. Meanwhile, Rod keeps trying to call Chris, but it keeps going straight to voicemail. He looks up the picture of the guy in the photo and sees that he went missing some time ago, so he goes to the police. He tells a female officer that his boy was kidnapped by white folk to be a sex slave just like the missing guy in the picture. She calls in two more officers to listen to Rod's story. When he finishes, they all burst out laughing. Nobody will take him seriously. Chris wakes up to find himself strapped to a chair in front of a mounted deer head and an old TV set. He watches a video made by Dean's father that talks about immortality, etc. Chris sees that his finger nails have clawed through the leather arm of the chair and exposed the padding. The teacup and spoon appear on the screen again. TING TING TING and he's out. Rod tries Chris's phone again and Rose answers. She lies by saying that Chris left two days ago and she's concerned about his whereabouts too. She claims that he left in a taxi or maybe an Uber. Rod tells her that he went to the police and she seems concerned. He starts to realize that something is wrong, so he tries to record the call, but when he starts talking to her again, she tells him she knows he has the hots for her. He tells her she's a crazy bitch and hangs up. Chris wakes up and Jim Hudson is on the screen. He tells Chris that they're going to swap brains. The other people at the party were all about being black, but Jim couldn't give less of a shit about that; what he really wants is to be able to see the world through Chris's eyes. Dean has perfected the neurosurgery to make this all possible. And Missy hypnotizes the body donors to prep them for the procedure. He will continue existing in the dark void, but will be able to continue on as sort of a "passenger." The flashing is an unfortunate side effect as they saw earlier at the party. TING TING TING of the teaspoon and Chris is out again. Dean and Jeremy prep Jim Hudson for a brain transplant. Dean tells Jeremy to go get Chris. Jeremy goes down the hall -- we see now they were in the basement of the house -- and finds Chris unconscious. He takes off his restraints and gets an I.V. ready. Chris wasn't unconscious after all -- he'd stuffed padding from the chair in his ears to block the sound of the tea spoon. He knocks out Jeremy. Dean calls for Jeremy and goes out of the lab area to look for him. Chris rushes him and impales him with the deer antlers from the other room. He knocks over a candle that ignites the blanket covering Jim Hudson too. Rose has earbuds in and isn't aware any of this is going on. While she listens to music, she is googling images of handsome looking black men with good physiques. Chris goes upstairs and finds Missy. She goes for the teacup and spoon, but Chris beats her to them and smashes the cup. Instead she attacks him with a knife, but he turns it on her and stabs her to death. Chris goes for the front door again, but Jeremy has returned and puts him in a choke hold. Twice Chris struggles to pull open the front door, but Jeremy kicks it shut. On the third try, as Jeremy kicks the door, Chris stabs him in the leg and breaks his skull with brutal head stomps. He runs outside and gets into Jeremy's car. On the passenger seat is the medieval helmet from earlier. He starts down the driveway, but hits Georgina. He can't just let her lie there like he did his mom, so he gets her in the car and continues down the driveway. She wakes up and attacks him. In the process her wig falls off and we see she has a scar across her head from a brain transplant too. They crash into a tree and she dies. Rose hears this through her earbuds. Suddenly, the rear view mirror is blown away. Rose is coming after Chris with a rifle. He begs her to stop, but she sees Georgina and refers to her as 'grandma.' Rose shoots again and misses Chris. From out of nowhere, Walter runs past Rose in pursuit of Chris, and Rose says, "Get him, Grandpa" as he tackles Chris. They wrestle on the ground, and Chris takes his picture. Flash! Walter turns and asks Rose for her rifle. She gives it to him, and he shoots her in the stomach, before turning the rifle on himself. Rose is on the ground bleeding out. She tries to reach for the rifle, but Chris bats it away. As he bends over her, Rose puts a hand on his cheek and tells Chris that she loves him. Chris starts to choke Rose, but stops; he can't go through with it. A police car pulls up. Rose calls weakly for help, knowing the local police will throw Chris in jail. But it's Rod stepping out of the police car. Chris gets into the car. Rod looks at the chaos and says, "Man, I told you not to go in that house." When Chris asks Rod how he found him, Rod explains that he works for the TSA and that everything will be all right. Rose smiles with her last breath as Rod and Chris drive away into the night. The film ends with Rod driving Chris away from the scene as Rose lies dead in the road. 
 John Lewis: Good Trouble (2020)Summaries The film explores Georgia representative's, 60-plus years of social activism and legislative action on civil rights, voting rights, gun control, health care reform, and immigration. Using interviews and rare archival footage, JOHN LEWIS: GOOD TROUBLE chronicles Lewis' 60-plus years of social activism and legislative action on civil rights, voting rights, gun control, health-care reform and immigration. Using present-day interviews with Lewis, now 79 years old, Porter explores his childhood experiences, his inspiring family and his fateful meeting with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in 1957. In addition to her interviews with Lewis and his family, Porter's primarily cinma verit film also includes interviews with political leaders, Congressional colleagues, and other people who figure prominently in his life. Magnolia Pictures It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Deja Vu (2006)761) After a ferry is bombed in New Orleans, an A.T.F. agent joins a unique investigation using experimental surveillance technology to find the bomber, but soon finds himself becoming obsessed with one of the victims. In the wake of a devastating terrorist attack on a slow New Orleans ferry, the A.T.F. special agent, Doug Carlin, joins an experimental top-secret government program to find the bomber. Designed to bend the very fabric of time, this state-of-the-art technology enables the user to observe a detailed representation of what happened four days and six hours in the past, tracking the target's every move prior to the attack. However, the man responsible for the deadly explosion is bound to strike again. Can Carlin figure out who he is, when he is always precisely four days behind? Nick Riganas A ferry filled with crewmen from the USS Nimitz and their families was blown up in New Orleans on Mardi Gras. BATF Doug Carlin is brought in to assist in the massive investigation, and gets attached to an experimental FBI surveillance unit, one that uses spacefolding technology to directly look back a little over four days into the past. While tracking down the bomber, Carlin gets an idea in his head: could they use the device to actually travel back in time and not only prevent the bombing but also the murder of a local woman whose truck was used in the bombing? ahmetkozan After an explosion on a ferry kills over 500 people including a large group of party-going sailors, an ATF agent investigates the crime. AN FBI agent also joins the investigation. Impressed with the ATF agent's skills, the FBI agent invites him to join a new team that has a new program that uses satellite technology to look backwards in time for 4-1/2 days to try to capture the terrorist. Meanwhile a young woman who was burned washes up on shore. Meant to look like part of the explosion, the body arrives at its location too soon, which leads the agents to believe her death is related to the explosion. As they use the new technology to study the woman, the ATF agent determines that this is not satellite imagery but somehow is using a time warp. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> When a bomb explodes on a ferry boat in New Orleans, special operatives from the FBI and ATF come to the scene, including ATF agent Doug Carlin. After viewing satellite surveillance, Carlin also stumbles upon a woman named Claire Kuchever, who has been murdered shortly before the Ferry incident. Carlin also finds out that he can use the surveillance systems to travel backwards in time. So, he time warps 4 days before the Ferry incident, so he can stop Claire's murder, and to stop the Ferry incident. John Wiggins In Algiers, New Orleans, after the explosion of a ferry transporting the sailors from the USS Nimitz and their families with 543 casualties, the lonely ATF agent Doug Carlin is assigned to investigate the terrorist attack. Without any lead, he is informed by Sheriff Reed about a corpse of a woman that was found one hour before the explosion, but burnt with the same explosive. He is invited by FBI Agent Pryzwarra to join the surveillance team headed by Jack McCready in the investigations, using a time window and Einstein-Rosen bridge through seven satellites to look back four and half days in time. He discloses the identity of the mysterious dead woman called Claire Kuchever and decides to follow her last moments trying to find the criminal. Along the surveillance, Doug falls in love for Claire and tries to change destiny, saving her life. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Algiers, New Orleans, an explosion of a ferry transporting sailors from the USS Nimitz and their families on a Mardi Gras excursion causes 543 casualties. Lonely ATF agent Doug Carlin ( Denzel Washington ) is assigned to investigate the terrorist attack. He is informed by Sheriff Reed ( John McConnell ) about the corpse of a woman, Claire Kuchever ( Paula Patton ), that washed up on shore. Her body was found one hour before the explosion, but burnt with the same explosive. The agents believe that her death was meant to look like part of the explosion, but the body arrived too soon. Doug also learns that his partner, Agent Larry Minuti ( Matt Craven ), was evidently killed in the bombing. Doug is invited by FBI Agent Pryzwarra ( Val Kilmer ) to join an experimental surveillance team led by Jack McCready ( Bruce Greenwood ). The team shows him moving images of the ferry boarding, from any and every angle. He watches the hundreds of people moving around, and after a few minutes starts firing questions at the team about a technology that can provide this type of live surveillance from four days ago (4 days, 6 hours, 3 minutes, 45 seconds). They explain that it is via a system of satellites, and that it takes four days to assemble the information so that it can be viewed just one time. He asks pointedly how satellites are providing audio, and the team looks startled but provides an explanation. Doug directs them to focus on the mysterious dead woman, Claire Kuchever, and follow her last days since it is likely she was murdered by the bomber. As they observe her, she obviously has the sensation that she is being watched, calling out, "who's there?" and looking around. She even writes about it in her diary, which Doug holds and reads four days later, after it was collected as evidence from her apartment. She receives a call from the terrorist, asking about purchasing her car. However, she will be busy when he wants to meet, so they do not make a deal. As the surveillance continues, Doug watches her getting dressed, and later reading to her niece, he suddenly raises a laser pointer and directs it at the viewing screen. It shows on the wall behind her, and she sees it and reacts to it. Meanwhile, the viewing room system goes down completely, with several people shouting, "who breached the field?!" Doug angrily confronts them for lying about the system. He knows that the images are not from the dead past because Claire reacted to the laser light. He demands an explanation. The scientists try to tell him about an Einstein-Rosen bridge, or spacefolding technology, but the advanced physics jargon just infuriates Doug. Dr. Denny ( Adam Goldberg ) tries to make it simpler, showing a piece of paper and then folding it to bring two points together. This is still not what Doug wants to know. He smashes a nearby monitor and demands, "is she alive or is she dead?" The group gives both answers - she is alive in the past and yet dead in the present. He wants to prevent her murder, and the ferry explosion, but the team explains to him that it cannot be done. Nothing can be sent back - gerbils, all sorts of experimental animals have arrived dead. Attempting to "breach the field" causes failures of the local power grid. A major blackout of most of the central US, that was blamed on Canada, was actually the fault of operator Gunnars ( Elden Henson ). However, they eventually agree to try to send a small piece of paper back in time to warn Carlin himself, as an anonymous tip, where the terrorist will be waiting to arrange his car deal. The scientists chatter about different time paradox theories. Operator Shanti ( Erika Alexander ) draws a diagram showing a "branching" theory - a new timeline is created with the new event (the appearance of the paper), and the old timeline ceases to exist. However, Dr. Denny insists it won't change anything. Shanti likens it to throwing a pebble into water, causing ripples ... but Dr. Denny says the flow of time is more like the Mississippi. Any change will simply heal itself, in the long run. They prepare the message and send it back. Unfortunately, their timing is off. Before the message appears, Doug (in the past) finishes an argument with his partner Larry and walks out of his office. Afterward, Larry spots the paper on Carlin's desk and leaves to follow the tip which places the bomber at the ferry dock. The team cringes as they realize they have sent Larry to his death. They focus now on the dock, hoping to get a good picture of the terrorist so that they can find him. His picture is put into a computer to compare it with mug shots, looking for a match. Larry meets the terrorist and a brief fight ensues. Unconscious, Larry is dragged into the terrorist's vehicle, and he drives away. As they follow him, the viewing team exclaims that he is leaving their viewing area and will soon be out of reach. Doug fires up the HumVee that contains the mobile viewing rig, giving chase in the present so that the past in that area can be seen. After an accident, the rig is damaged so that Doug cannot see the past through it, but the base team can. They shout instructions directing him. He follows the trail to a burned-out fishing camp on the bayou. There is an ambulance crashed into the remains of the main building, but in the past, the terrorist has taken Larry out back. Pryzwarra gulps that the terrorist is pouring "accelerant" (fuel) on Larry's body. In the present, Carlin can see a burned outline of a body on the pavement. He tells them to brace themselves because they are about witness a murder. Horribly, Larry begins to awaken. The terrorist sees this, and quickly shoots Larry before setting his body on fire. The team isn't sure what else there is to do. Doug points out that the terrorist still needs a vehicle for his bombing, because there are bulletholes in the one he'd planned to use. That means the terrorist will need Claire's car. Doug continues to examine the site. Inside the building, he finds another burned body outline. In a crack, he finds a black earring which he recognizes as Claire's. He kisses it and pockets it. The computer search comes up with a match on the terrorist's picture - Carroll Oerstadt ( Jim Caviezel ). He is connected to the fish camp. He is hunted down, captured and brought in for questioning. Discussing his past with Doug, it seems the military rejected him twice, finding him mentally unstable. Oerstadt babbles about destiny, patriotism and collateral damage. McCready advises the team that they are shutting down, having caught the perpetrator. There is no point in further pursuing Claire's murder and the explosion. Doug is frustrated - for once he would like to do more than catch the bad guy afterwards - he'd like to stop the bad guy before it happens. He stops at Claire's house and sees the magnets on the refrigerator spell out, "u can save her". Dr. Denny agrees to help Doug attempt to travel into the past. Doug strips down to his undershirt and boxers and climbs into the small transport area, hugging his knees. Denny reminds Doug that his heart will be stopped by the electromagnetic pulse (EMP) of the system - if he is not revived, he will simply die. He arrives four days in the past, on an empty gurney in a hospital operating room. Seeing his jolting body, doctors rush to treat him. When they cut away his shirt, they read the words "Revive Me" written on his skin. He awakens later in a hospital room, steals some clothes, and grabs a bouquet of flowers to carry for camouflage. Outside the hospital, he steals an ambulance and drives out to the fish camp, where Claire is tied up with a bag over her head. Trying to fight her captor, Oerstadt, she rakes his face with her nails. Furious, Oerstadt douses her with gasoline. Doug crashes the ambulance directly into the building where they are. Oerstadt shoots Doug in the shoulder but then flees. Doug takes Claire home to clean up. He looks around her apartment, seeing all of the details that he has seen through the viewer and also from the investigation after her death. He shifts the refrigerator magnets to spell "u can save her". While he is cleaning up, she comes out wearing the red and white dress in which she died. He tells her to change, stating that is what "the victim" wore. He reaches into a wardrobe for clothing - and she pulls a gun on him, stating that he cannot be what he claims, pointing out his familiarity with her house and the fact that he has asked her no questions. She calls the ATF and they confirm his existence and appearance, but she demands to know more. He says, "What if you had to tell someone the most important thing in the world, but you knew they'd never believe you?" She says, "I'd try." After explaining, she helps bandage his shoulder. They go to the ferry, where he will defuse the bomb and Claire is supposed to tell the guards what is happening. Unfortunately, when Oerstadt leaves the ferry and sees Claire's truck, he knows he has a problem, so he returns to the ferry. Claire sees this and jumps aboard also, just as the ship leaves the dock. Doug returns to the bomb-laden vehicle to find Claire in it, handcuffed to the steering wheel, with her mouth taped shut. Doug stuns Oerstadt into a standoff by throwing his own words (from the interrogation) at him: destiny, patriotism and collateral damage. Rather than surrendering, Doug jumps into the car with Claire and gets her to ram Oerstadt where he stands in front of another car. However, the car is still wired to explode, and there is no time to defuse it nor explain all of this to the guards. Doug directs her to drive the vehicle off the ferry and into the water. As they submerge, he kicks out the windshield and jerks the steering wheel out of the column so that she can swim free to the surface. Unfortunately, the ferry continues overhead, rolling the vehicle over and crushing the frame so that Doug cannot escape. Claire makes it to the surface, gasping, and is pulled out of the water. The car is completely filled with water, and Doug hammers futilely on the side window, holding his breath. The ferry safely passes. The vehicle explodes underwater, sending a fireball of debris up in the air. Now ashore and wrapped in a blanket, Claire cries over Doug's death. The officials ask Claire if she would talk to an agent from the ATF. She turns ... and sees Doug (from the present) walking up to her. She stammers in shock, and he asks if they have met. As they get into his car to leave, she repeats his words from earlier in the film, "What if you had to tell someone the most important thing in the world, but you knew they'd never believe you?" And he unwittingly echoes her earlier response, "I'd try." 
 Living Single (19931998)Summaries Follows the lives of several single male and female roommates and friends in 1990s Brooklyn, New York. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 