nm0005057:

 Tammy's Always Dying (2019)Summaries On the 29th of every month, when the welfare runs out, Catherine talks her alcoholic mother off of the same bridge. Literally. Catherine, a connoisseur of bad decisions, dreams of being successful. At anything. Tammy, her mother, has been so poor for so long all she can do is party about it. When Tammy is diagnosed with terminal cancer Catherine is forced to move in and care for her. Enter Ilana, a glamorous purveyor of talk-show tragedy porn who wants to help Catherine publish her life story. Caught between sacrifice and selling out, Catherine must decide if life without Tammy is really a better life. Anonymous. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Flashpoint (20082012)Summaries The missions and trials of a Toronto police tactical unit. When the Strategic Response Unit arrives, the rules change. The bad guy's caught - he just doesn't know it yet. The SRU, inspired by Toronto's Emergency Task Force, is a handpicked team of elite cops. High risk is their business and these men and women do it all: rescue hostages, bust gangs, defuse bombs. Talk down suicidal teens. Protect the Pope. They handle state-of-the-art weapons - sniper rifles, flash-bang grenades, tasers. They climb the sides of buildings. See through walls. But they're different from other SWAT teams. Because their arsenal also includes a gift for words. A knowledge of human intuition. An instinct for when it's time to negotiate - and when the 'solution' calls for something more. On the scene, they're in charge. No one knows their job better. SRU Constables outrank senior Inspectors - and the Inspectors don't like it. Regular uniforms grumble when pushed aside by the SRU 'prima donnas.' While secretly wishing they were in their place. It's a tough job. A job that carries the kind of pressure only your teammates - your band of brothers - can really understand. It's a stress that shades all your choices and can take a heavy toll on families, friends, lovers... These people are A-types and risk-takers. On the job, they play by the rules, bend them if they have to. But off the job, all bets are off... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Felicity (19982002)Summaries A young fresh out of high school girl follows her high school crush to college to be near him. It all starts the moment shy, beautiful Felicity Porter asks Ben Covington to sign her high school yearbook. It's graduation day... he's gorgeous... and she's had a four-year crush on him. Even though the two have never spoken, what he writes is so insightful, so perfect, it persuades Felicity to change the course of her future. A future defined by medical school and the dreams of her parents. She surreptitiously follows Ben to UNY (the fictional University of New York) and is quickly swept into a romantic triangle that brings both discovery and heartache. Felicity moved to New York to find romance but ends up finding herself. Anonymous Felicity Porter's whole life has been dictated to her by her parents, who want her to follow in their footsteps as a doctor. Upon graduating from high school she changes all that. Her long-time crush Ben is going to college in New York, and so Felicity applies there too, and arrives to find Ben does not feel as strongly about her, but gets over it with the help of her new friends Noel, Jullie, and Elena. It is here that she will spend the next four years, going through the long, difficult, but ultimately rewarding journey toward adulthood. rmlohner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie (1995)55) A giant egg is unearthed at a construction site and soon opened, releasing the terrible Ivan Ooze, who wreaks vengeance on Zordon for imprisoning him millennia ago. With Zordon dying and their powers lost, the Rangers head to a distant planet to find the mystic warrior Dulcea. Six teenagers Tommy, Kimberly, Adam, Billy, Rocky and Aisha have discovered the power to fight the forces of evil. A giant egg is unearthed in Angel Grove. Lord Zedd and Rita Repulsa investigate the egg, and release the creature inside - Ivan Ooze, whom Zordon had trapped him inside the egg six thousand years ago. Once released, Ooze left to seek revenge on Zordon. And now Zordon in his crystalline deathbed is dying because he has no power, without the power then Zordon of Eltar will never existed. Now the fate of the universe is in their hands. But this time the Power Rangers head for a distant planet to meet up with a bikini-clad warrior babe named Dulcea who imparts ancient wisdom and power. But now that they have their powers back and becomes Power Rangers once more they will now get back to business and defeat Ivan Ooze at all costs. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} When a giant egg is accidentally digged out of Angel Grove, Ivan Ooze, whom Zordon had trapped him inside the egg 6000 years ago is break free. Ooze left to seek revenge on Zordon at the command center. With Zordon dying and the Power Rangers powerless, Alpha teleports them to a distant planet Phaedos to obtain the great power. Will the Power Rangers get their powers back, save Zordon, Angel Grove, and the universe from Ivan Ooze? heyitsnuel When a mysterious egg suddenly appears from underground by accident, the Power Rangers find that they are up against an evil beyond anything they ever dreamed of. Several years ago, thanks to the Rangers' mentor Zordon and a band of warriors, the tyrannical Ivan Ooze was imprisoned within the egg. But when Lord Zedd interfers, Ivan is freed and exacts his revenge on Zordon by destroying him and the Command Center along with him. With their powers vaporized, the Rangers must journey to a distant planet and obtain a new power source in order to save Zordon. Will the Rangers succeed in time and foil Ivan Ooze's evil plan before it's too late? Blazer346 The galactically feared, universally despised Ivan Ooze is released from a hyperlock chamber after six millennia. The first thing on his agenda - conquer Earth. A plan which involves revenge on his imprisoner, and mentor of the Rangers, Zordon! The Rangers, stripped of their powers, must journey to a distant planet and seek the fabled Great Power - the only thing capable of saving Zordon and restoring their lost powers. It's a race against time as the rangers, using the power of Ninjetti, struggle to restore their powers, save Zordon and defeat Ivan. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 