nm0007436:

 The Serpent and the Rainbow (1988)Summaries An anthropologist goes to Haiti after hearing rumors about a drug used by black magic practitioners to turn people into zombies. In 1985, after a successful research in Amazonas, Dr. Dennis Alan from Harvard is invited by the president of a Boston pharmaceutics industry, Andrew Cassedy, to travel to Haiti to investigate the case of a man named Christophe that died in 1978 and has apparently returned to life. Andrew wants samples of the voodoo drug that was used in Christophe to be tested with the intention of producing a powerful anesthetic. Dr. Alan travels to meet Dr. Marielle Duchamp that is treating Christophe and arrives in Haiti in a period of revolution. Soon Alan is threatened by the chief of the feared Tonton Macuse Dargent Peytraud, who is a torturer and powerful witch. Alan learns that death is not the end in the beginning of his journey to hell. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Dennis Allan is a scientist who visits Haiti on the strength of a rumour of a drug which renders the recipient totally paralyzed but conscious. The drug's effects often fool doctors, who declare the victims dead. Could this be the origin of the "zombie" legend? Alan embarks on a surprising and often surreal investigation of the turbulent social chaos that is Haiti during the revolution which ousted hated dictator "Baby Doc" Duvalier. Often a pawn in a greater game, Alan must decide what is science, what is superstition, and what is the unknown in a anarchistic society where police corruption and witch-doctory are commonplace. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Bonfire of the Vanities (1990)431) After his mistress runs over a young teen, a Wall Street hotshot sees his life unravel in the spotlight and attracting the interest of a down and out reporter. Financial "Master of the Universe" Sherman McCoy sees his life unravel when his mistress Maria Ruskin hits a black boy with his car. When yellow journalist Peter Fallow enflames public opinion with a series of distorted tabloid articles on the accident, the case is seized upon by opportunists like Reverend Bacon and mayoral candidate D.A. Abe Weiss. Jon Reeves <jreeves@imdb.com> It's election time in New York and among the ones running for Mayor is the District Attorney who is Jewish and in order to get the minorities to vote for him, he tries to arrest and convict a white man. So far he hasn't be able to find one. When a young black man is struck by a car and when an outspoken Reverend fans the flames, an ambitious A.D.A. tries to find the one responsible. An ambitious and ethically challenged reporter, Peter Fallow tries to find out also. Eventually they learn that the car that struck the boy belongs to Sherman McCoy a (white) financier. At the time of the accident McCoy was with a woman who is not his wife who is also married. She refuses to let McCoy come forward. Eventually the D.A. decides to prosecute McCoy. Fallow eventually learns something that could affect the case. And he gives it to McCoy but unfortunately McCoy can't use it. Si they try to find a way to use it. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. New York City, 1985. Sherman McCoy (Tom Hanks) is a financial wnderkid who is about to earn a million dollars through a bonds scheme. His life looks perfect. His wife Judy (dark-haired Kim Cattrall) is a bit eccentric and posh, but she plays the perfect-mother-and-wife game to their only daughter Campbell (Kirsten Dunst). Unknown to his loyal wife, Sherman is having an affair with Maria Ruskin (Melanie Griffith). She's a Southern belle gold digger who enjoys using her sexual charms to get what she wants, and got married to a wealthy old man. However, all hell breaks loose one dark night when Sherman and Maria are going out. She's returning from an overseas business trip and while driving her back to her Manhattan apartment from New York's J.F.K. Airport, they take a wrong turn, exiting on the Long Island Expressway and the end up lost in a drug-filled "war zone" area of South Bronx. After finding a ramp leading back onto the expressway, they find the ramp blocked by debris. Against Maria's advice, Sherman gets out of the car to clear the debris from the ramp when he is approached by two black youths whom presumably are coming to rob him. Seeing the two thugs approaching Sherman, Maria gets behind the wheel of the car and drives off in a panic and runs over a teenager who happened to be passing by. Sherman begins to attack one of the black youths while the other one flees. Having cleared the ramp, Sherman returns to the car. Maria wants to leave the place as soon as possible, so they leave the wounded boy on the street. Sherman and Maria drive away and make it back to Manhattan where they swear not to report the incident to anyone. The black teenager who was run over, Henry Lamb (Patrick Malone), is found and taken to a nearby hospital, where he falls into a coma. Soon after, the investigation of Henry's accident begins. The hot-tempered local community leader, Reverend Beacon (John Hancock) threatens to create a "Bronx uprising" (a race riot) if the police don't find the "rich white man" who ran over an "innocent black teenager". The reasons for Beacon's involvement is that he merely wants to stir up popular feelings to cause unrest and tension by claiming that Henry's case is a case of institutional racism in America. Under severe pressure, NYPD Detectives Martin and Goldberg (Barton Heyman and Norman Parker) investigate all cars which look like the runaway car that was described by various witnesses to the accident. They finally check on Sherman, who refuses to let them see his car, and because of that, he pinpoints himself as a suspect. As a result he gets arrested. Sherman spends a long and demoralizing night in jail (where he presumably gets beaten and harassed by fellow detainees). At his courtroom arraignment the next morning, Sherman is so dehumanized from his experience that he can barely speak in court. Sherman's lawyer Tom Killian (Kevin Dunn) enters a not guilty plea on his behalf. The prosecutor, Jed Kramer (Saul Rubinek), is very interested in putting Sherman in jail to begin his political career with a strong aim at rich people, gaining the popular favor for himself. Against Kramer's protest, Sherman is released on bail pending a probable cause hearing to begin the following week. Meanwhile, Peter Fallow (Bruce Willis) is an always-drunk, good-for-nothing journalist who is forced to investigate the matter in order to ingratiate himself with his boss. Reverend Beacon is interested in stirring popular feelings as well, claiming that Henry's hit-and-run case is being used politically, as the Jewish district attorney Abe Weiss (F. Murray Abraham), who is the Bronx District Attorney seeking re-election, wants to ingratiate himself with the black community in the area. According to Judge Leonard White (Morgan Freeman), almost all of D.A. Weiss' prosecutions end up with black and Puerto Rican defendants going to prison and Weiss is seeking a white defendant for purposes of convincing the community that he is worth re-electing. Following Sherman's release on bail, Fallow follows him from the courthouse and onto a local subway train where he interacts with Sherman (without telling him that he is a journalist) to try to get him to open up with facts about the case. Sherman tells Fallow that he was there on that night but was not the one driving the car. Fallow is very surprised, but Sherman gets off the train before Fallow can ask him anymore questions. Sherman goes to Maria to plead with her to come forward in order to admit to driving the car that put the black teenager in the hospital, but she wants to be left out of the problem. She's married to a wealthy older man named Arthur Ruskin (Alan King), who allows her to have her freedom and plenty of money as a trophy wife. She sublets an apartment to her friend Caroline Heftshank (Beth Broderick), whom Fallow is currently dating. It's a rent-controlled flat, so Caroline and Maria are being investigated by the authorities in order to prove that Caroline doesn't live there. Maria has several mics (bugs) put around her flat. Fallow talks to Arthur Ruskin in at a luxurious restaurant about the Sherman case and about Maria's involvment with Sherman. They drink a lot, and Fallow tries to get some information from Maria's husband. Ruskin dies from a heart-attack on the spot, creating a commotion at the snobbish restaurant. Meanwhile, Henry's mother, Annie Lamb (Mary Alice) wants to go out and buy new clothes for herself. Suddenly, she looks more interested in making the most of the situation than to be with her son in hospital. Beacon accepts the idea. Annie sues the hospital because they're not giving proper care to Henry, who still remains in a coma. Reverend Beacon and Kramer meet with Mrs. Lamb where they try to persuade her to testify against Sherman as they work behind the scenes to frame Sherman for the hit-and-run to further advance their own careers... as well as look good in front of the TV news cameras. Elsewhere, Sherman, who used to consider himself a "master of the universe," now is without a job. In just one day, he gets fired because his employers do not want any bad publicity for their firm. That evening, he arrives home for a party he had forgotten about. Judy angrily tells him that she's leaving him and is taking their daughter with her because Judy also believes the biased news stories about him committing the hit-and-run. Just then, Sherman's landlord enters and wants him out of the building as soon as possible, because several black people are demonstrating outside the building, and they look like a lynch mob, which is bad publicity for the building and disturbs the wealthy tenants. Sherman suffers a nervous breakdown and he starts shooting a shotgun at the walls of the apartment. Everybody leaves in a panic. Kramer is trying to play both sides: he puts microphones on both Maria and Sherman, in order that the recording proves which one of them was driving the car at the moment of the hit-and-run. Sherman and Maria secretly meet at the funeral of Maria's husband, but she seems adamant to have sex. Sherman can't believe it, but as usual, he's weak with her and was going to fall for it. However, she rejects him when she feels the microphone hidden under his clothes. Sherman has lost everything, but at least his visiting father (Donald Moffat) backs him up somehow, telling him that he loves and will always support him while they are talking Sherman's now empty executive home. Meanwhile, Fallow, who used to be a downtrodden loser a few days ago, feels pity for Sherman, who is losing everything and can't even prove that he's innocent. In a restaurant gathering with some fellow newspaper-related people, Caroline approaches him, telling him that she's lost her flat because of Maria's inability to stay silent. The mic audio recordings have proved that Caroline didn't really live in the flat, subletting it with black money. Fallow talks to the guy who had put the microphones (Vito D'Ambrosio), and comes to know the truth. Fallow aquires the recordings and then gives them to Sherman. In court at Sherman's probable cause hearing, Judge Leonard White tries to control the proceedings, so that there are no political demonstrations. Maria is taken to the stand, where she lies by saying that Sherman was driving the car, acting as an all-innocent widow. Kramer had given her immunity in order to frame Sherman, also threatening her with falsely charging her with perjury if she does not testify against him. Without even telling his lawyer, Sherman plays the recording Fallow had given him. In it, Maria admits she was the one who had been driving Sherman's car that notorious evening, and also mocks her own late husband. She faints on the stand from this turn of events. It works. Judge White has to stop the proceedings when Kramer tries to snatch the mini-tape recorder out of Sherman's hands. Kramer and Sherman's lawyer, Killian, approach the bench because of the new evidence. Sherman lies by asserting that the tape is all his (making it admissible evidence and it is technically truthful since it refers only to the dummy tape he was holding and ignores the real tape that is hidden which is not his). The courtroom spectators go in an uproar, to which Judge White responds by launching a tirade, stating that they have no right to act self-righteous and smarmy, or above Sherman, considering Reverend Beacon claims to help disadvantaged black New Yorkers but actually engages in race baiting, or that the District Attorney Weiss pushed this case not in the interest of contempt from justice but in the public opinion, in order to appeal to voters from minorities, in order to further his political career, appealing to their desire to "get even". Judge White dismisses the case because of decency and truth, in which nobody is interested. Sherman is free to go. Through all of this, Fallow is watching everything while standing annoymously among a group of reporters. As a triumphant and relived Sherman leaves the courtroom with his lawyer, amind the black spectators who continue to yell and insult him, Fallow states in voice-over: "And that was the last time anyone saw or heard of Sherman McCoy". After this, Sherman left New York City and was never publicly seen or heard of again, presumably to live humbly in another state or even in another country in obscurity. In the final scene, set five years later in 1990, there is a large audience applauding Peter Fallow's premiere of his very first book titled Bonfire of the Vanities. Reverend Beacon, Jed Kramer, DA Weiss, Tom Killian, Judge White, Caroline, Annie Lamb, and the rest of people who had something to do with the case (except for Sherman McCoy) are in attendance. In a final voice-over, Fallow states that he never saw Sherman McCoy again, but quotes a well-known Bible verse from the Book of Mark, Chapter 8, Verse 36: "What does it profit a man to gain the whole world, but lose his own soul?" Fallow says that Sherman lost everything to gain his soul. Fallow says of himself that he has gained everything but... (he doesn't finish the sentence. It's implied that he has sold his soul to the system in order to become successful). Fallow says that there are always compensations to selling one's soul for success. He stands up and takes an the award he's given concerning the book he wrote about Sherman's case. 
 Presumed Innocent (1990)541) As a lawyer investigates the murder of a colleague, he finds himself more connected to the crime than anyone else. Rozat Sabich - Rusty to most that know him, even in formal circumstances - is the Chief Deputy Prosecuting Attorney for Kindle County, Illinois. His wife, Barbara Sabich, has been struggling with focus on completing her Ph.D. dissertation in Mathemetics - a thus far ten year process - she who nonetheless is applying for a college teaching position. They are generally in a loving, supportive marriage, Barbara who seems to have gotten over Rusty's infidelity with his colleague Carolyn Polhemus, an Assistant Prosecuting Attorney. Carolyn is ambitious, she who, in part, used Rusty to try and climb up the ladder. Barbara will still throw the issue of Carolyn in his face whenever there are problems between the two. Rusty and Carolyn's affair is unknown to others in their personal and professional circles. Rusty is handed the most personal case of his career when his boss and mentor, Chief Prosecuting Attorney Raymond Horgan, assigns him the case to discover who killed Carolyn, her dead body found in her apartment in what looks initially to be a violent rape, with Carolyn eventually strangled and no sign of forced entry, leading to the belief her killer was whoever her lover or possibly someone she prosecuted. Raymond, who is in a difficult reelection campaign, wants a quick resolution to the investigation, as "finding the killer" will greatly increase his chances of getting reelected. Rusty tries to dissuade Raymond from giving him the case because of the affair of which Raymond is unaware, with Rusty eventually having no choice but to accept barring disclosure of the affair. As Rusty proceeds with the investigation, he takes steps to hide the affair largely to protect Barbara and their adolescent son, Nat Sabich. Those measures come back to bite him when they and other evidence collected by the police lead to him being charged for Carolyn's murder. Rusty hires Sandy Stern, one of his toughest adversaries in a number of previous cases. During the court proceedings, many involved do whatever they can protect their own interest regardless of the truth. Beyond Rusty being convicted or acquitted, a question thus becomes if the truth matters or if the murderer will ever be discovered. Huggo Carolyn Polhemus, an up-and-comer in the Kindle County D.A.'s Office, is found viciously murdered in her home. Immediately her boss, D.A. Raymond Horgan and his chief deputy, Rusty Sabich start an investigation. Horgan, however, is in the middle of a campaign to keep his job, which he ultimately loses to former subordinate Nico Della Guardia. Della Guardia and his new deputy, Tommy Molto, decide to prosecute Sabich for Carolyn's murder when it is revealed that Sabich was a former lover of Polhemus. Horgan also turns against his former subordinate, and Rusty soon realizes he has few friends left - except for Sandy Stern, whom he has often faced on the other side of the courtroom, and who will become his new defense lawyer when he is put on trial for murder. Investigation by Stern and his team leads them to think that Rusty was framed for murder - by Molto, who wanted Sabich's job and was trying to punish him for backing Horgan. Is Rusty Sabich innocent...or is he a murderer? Derek O'Cain When a female D.A. is killed, the D.A. assigns his assistant to handle the investigation. Only problem is that he was having an affair with her. And the evidence reveals that he is the killer. So he suspects that the man who wants his boss' job is trying to frame him. He turns to Sandy Stern a highly celebrated defense attorney to represent him. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Rozat "Rusty" Sabich ( Harrison Ford ) is a prosecutor in a mid-Western American city and the right-hand man of Kindle County Prosecuting Attorney Raymond Horgan ( Brian Dennehy ). Sabich is married with a young son. He arrives at work one day to learn that his colleague Carolyn Polhemus ( Greta Scacchi ) has been tortured and murdered in her apartment. Horgan insists that Sabich take charge of the investigation, especially since the election for County PA is due in a few days' time and that Tommy Molto ( Joe Grifasi ), the acting head of Homicide, has left to join the rival campaign of Nico Della Guardia ( Tom Mardirosian ). Sabich faces a conflict of interest since he had an affair with Polhemus. She dumped him when he showed little ambition, like running for office against Horgan, and will therefore be of little use to her and her own career. Sabich has since made up with his wife, Barbara ( Bonnie Bedelia ), though he is still obsessed with Polhemus and finds it hard to get her out of his mind. While Polhemus developed a reputation for aggressively prosecuting rapists and similar criminals, she had become an ambitious career-woman who slept around to advance herself. Although Detective Harold Greer ( Tucker Smallwood ) is initially in charge of the case, Sabich instead calls in his friend Detective Lipranzer ( John Spencer ) and persuades him to narrow the inquiry to focus on men that she put behind bars, thus excluding his relationship with Polhemus from the investigation. However, Sabich soon realizes that Molto is making inquiries of his own into the case. It becomes evident that some of the evidence suggests that the killer knew something about how police gather evidence and covered it up accordingly - suggesting a cop, a private detective, or even a PA. Semen was found in the victim's body but the sperm is dead, leading the coroner to conclude that the killer is sterile. The killer's blood type was A, the same as Sabich's, but he is a father, and obviously fertile. When Della Guardia wins the election for County PA, he and Molto are quick to accuse Sabich himself of the crime and pull out all the stops to gather evidence against him, including the way he conducted the investigation. The evidence includes a beer glass found in Polhemus' apartment with Sabich's fingerprints on it and fibers matching his home carpet that match fibers found on her body. The situation is compounded when Horgan suddenly turns against his friend and former protg and claims that Sabich himself had insisted on handling the investigation - when in fact he didn't - which the prosecution uses to back their claim of a cover-up by Sabich. Horgan learns of Sabich's affair with Polhemus, just as Sabich learns that Raymond also had an affair with Polhemus. Called to testify, Horgan doesn't reveal what he knows about Sabich's affair with Polhemus. Sabich calls on Sandy Stern ( Raul Julia ), a top defense attorney with whom he has often clashed in court. Stern acknowledges Sabich as his "toughest adversary" but agrees to take the case. When the trial begins, the prosecution reveals that the beer glass is missing from the evidence room. It is a crucial piece of the prosecution's case and Stern persuades Judge Larren Lyttle ( Paul Winfield ) to suppress the fingerprint evidence. Sabich's wife Barbara is surprisingly supportive throughout the trial. In the course of his investigation, Sabich discovers that Polhemus had acquired a "B-file" (meaning bribery) from Prosecuting Attorney Horgan which detailed a bribery case involving a law-enforcement official. It describes a man named Leon ( Leland Gantt ) who paid a $1500 bribe to get his case of public indecency thrown out of court. Carolyn Polhemus was his probation officer before she joined the Prosecuting Attorney's office and set up the bribe. The deputy prosecutor in charge of the case was Tommy Molto. The main thrust of Stern's defense is that Molto and Della Guard have set Sabich up to help Nico Della Guardia's election campaign against Raymond or, Stern hints, as part of a cover-up of a bribery case that involved Molto. He implies that the details are revealed in the missing B-file. Sabich demands that he be allowed to testify, but his Stern says he would only implicate himself. Sabitch's friend and fellow detective Lipranzer finds Leon. Leon reveals that the official who took the bribe was in fact Judge Larren Lyttle, the same judge handling Sabich's trial. Stern calls the coroner, Dr "Painless" Kumagai, to the stand and while questioning him, produces contradictory evidence showing that Polhemus had a tubal ligation, something that Kumagai had either failed to notice during the autopsy or had neglected to include in his report. He implies that the coroner must have mishandled or even falsified the evidence because a woman with a tubal ligation would not need to use contraceptive jelly like that found in the seminal fluid in her vagina. The prosecution persuades the judge to accept testimony from a fingerprint expert about the fingerprints on the glass, but since they are unable to produce the glass itself, the judge tells the juror that this introduces reasonable doubt into the prosecution's case. The next morning, the judge announces that based on the mishandling of the autopsy and the missing glass and the lack of any proof that Sabich and Polhemus had a relationship, he dismisses the case. Unknown to the jury, the judge was also influenced by the possibility that the missing B-file, which documented him accepting bribes, might turn up. Sabich presses his defense attorney Stern for information and learns, in private, that both Stern and Prosecuting Attorney Horgan knew that Judge Lyttle had been accepting bribes and that Polhemus was his courier. Lyttle had been going through a bad period after a divorce. He offered his resignation but the County Prosecuting Attorney Horgan believed that he was in fact a brilliant judge and should be given another chance. Stern raised the issue of the bribery investigation during the trail in a way that implied he knew what it revealed, causing the judge to think it's contents might be made public. On the whole, Stern concluded Judge Lyttle handled the case in a rightful manner. Detective Lipranzer later reveals to Sabich on a boat that he has the missing beer glass. He failed to return it to the evidence room when Molto, in a bureaucratic foul-up, signed it as "returned to evidence" when in fact it was still in the evidence lab. The evidence lab returned it to Lipranzer after he had already been taken off the case. Since nobody asked for the glass he simply kept it in his desk drawer. As far as Lipranzer was concerned: "The lady was bad news." He gives the glass to Sabich who tosses it into a nearby river. Sabich is in the clear, though he does not appear to be too pleased about the manner by which this was achieved. Some time later, while doing some work in his garden, Sabich comes across a small combination hammer, hatchet, and nail puller with blood and hair on it. The tool matches the coroner's description of the murder weapon. Sabich realizes that the blood and hair belong to Polhemus. His wife sees him washing the hammer and confesses to the crime. In a detached state, talking in the third person, Barbara confesses that, following his affair, she fell into a depression. She even considered suicide before deciding that it would be better to destroy the destroyer, i.e. Polhemus. She bought beer glasses like those they had given to Polhemus as a house-warming gift and surreptitiously got Sabich's fingerprints on one of them. She also captured some seminal fluid from her vagina after sex with her husband and froze it. Arranging to meet Polhemus at her apartment, she struck Carolyn and killed her when her back was turned. She used a syringe to insert the seminal fluid into Polhemus' vagina, making it look like her husband had sex with her before she died, implicating him in her death. She claims that she did not actually intend to frame her husband; she assumed that as the investigator he would soon realize that she had killed Polhemus and would file it as an unsolved case. Despite the implications of his wife's mental instability, Sabich cannot bring himself to separate his son from his mother and continues to cover-up the crime. In the end, justice was served. 
 Angel (19992004)44) The vampire Angel, cursed with a soul, moves to Los Angeles and aids people with supernatural-related problems while questing for his own redemption. The vampire Angelus, now known as Angel, has a human soul, but committed terrible crimes in the past. Seeking forgiveness and trying to redeem himself, he moves from Sunnydale (and a relationship with Buffy Summers, of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer") to Los Angeles, where he helps the downtrodden by thwarting the supernatural creatures that prey on them. <crow_steve@hotmail.com> In this spin-off from the cult hit "Buffy The Vampire Slayer", Angel, the cursed vampire with a soul, moves to Los Angeles leaving Sunnydale behind to look for redemption and soon teams up with some old friends, and new ones, to fight evil plaguing the city. ahmetkozan In a city overpopulated by demons, warlocks and some really nasty lawyers, a creature of the night becomes Los Angeles greatest hope. Once a vicious vampire who terrorized Europe, vampire-with-a-soul Angel helps the helpless in order to get his reward from the Powers that Be - to be forgotten, and regain his humanity. In his quest, he sets up Angel Investigations, with the help of an unlikely (and quite effective) evil-fighting team: wannabe actress Cordelia Chase, bookish Brit Wesley Wyndam-Price and street fighter Charles Gunn. Monica I. - Quilmes, Argentina It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 