nm0008216:

 Sejati (1991)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Azura (1984)Summaries A love story between Zack, the illegal racer and Azura, the young innocent high school girl. A boy from a wealthy family is always socializing with the wrong group of friends. He is very mischief and always involved in gang fights. One day he met a girl and falls in love with her. The girl, Azura, later changed the boy's character and he became a good and well mannered boy. He proposed to Azura but their marriage was objected by his parents because Azura comes from a poor family. Despite of his parents objection, he marries Azura and leaves behind all his family's wealth. He works as a laborer to support Azura. Everything was perfect until one day Azura is found to be pregnant. Her husband suspects that the baby she is carrying does not belong to him. Misunderstanding then arise between them. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tuah (1990)211) Sahira Datuk Shaari and his son are saved by a man dressed in a garb similar to ancient sultans. As the man is wounded, Sahira Datuk Shaari brings him home to care for him. The man introduces himself as Hang Tua, Malaysian warrior - and claims he lives in the 15th century. Everyone believes he has lost his memory, but Sahira comes to trust him. When Tua is challenged by someone, whom Sahira recognizes from history as an usurping Shah, who was only able to come into power by his knowledge that Tua was dead, he sets out to change history. Kenneth Krabat Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When an unknown man is wounded in the act of saving a man and his daughter from muggers, the grateful father takes him into his home, but soon discovers that this good man thinks he's a legendary warrior from the 15th century. 
 Suratan kasih (1996)Summaries Sunny is a psychopathic serial killer in the form of composer/musician whose victims are adulterous artistes. His deranged behaviour and actions are the direct result of having witnessed his father murdering his adulterous mother. Meanwhile, Sunny falls in love with Natasha, a new talent he's grooming. Although she has a good reputation, Sunny fails to convince his deranged father of this and Natasha almost becomes a victim of a different sort. L.H. Wong <lhwong@iti.gov.sg> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 