nm0002210:

 Junior (1984)Summaries Ceil and Enis are a happy if wacky female couple until giant baby son Junior (who sports a mustache but fits in his crib just dandy) develops a fondness for hot dogs and other symbols of manliness (along with many things edible, phallic or not) and decides to bust out of his confining crib to raid the fridge and avenge his overly protective mothers. A high camp low drag tongue in cheek lesbian chicken murder comedy which references everything from other campy classics (John Waters, Kenneth Anger) to the likes of Hitchcock and Sirk. Cheesy fun. (Note: this is put here so folks don't continue to review a DIFFERENT film called Junior by a fellow named Jim Henly--so hey! this is NOT the same Junior) the filmmaker herself It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Run (XXIX)Summaries A lonely rural mechanic battles for survival after a tragic accident robs him of the life he's known. As he learns to love himself, he finds in the worst losses lie the greatest gains and in the most deafening silence lies the loudest song. Craig Otto & Frankie Valenti It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 2001 MTV Video Music Awards (2001 TV Special)Summaries MTV presents its Video Music Awards for 2001. Performers include U2, *NSYNC (with Michael Jackson), Staind, Alicia Keys, Jennifer Lopez (with Ja Rule), and Missy Elliott (with Nelly Furtado). It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 VH1/Vogue Fashion Awards (2000 TV Special)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 