nm0004996:

 The First Purge (2018)541) America's third political party, the New Founding Fathers of America, comes to power and conducts an experiment: no laws for 12 hours on Staten Island. No one has to stay on the island, but $5,000 is given to anyone who does. This horror/action-adventure film from director Gerard McMurray serves as a prequel that recounts events that led up to the first Purge event. To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America (NFFA) test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community. A crazed drug addict named Skeletor talks on camera about his dark thoughts, including his desire to "purge" and unleash his hatred on other people. An unknown voice on the other end of the camera tells Skeletor that he will soon be able to. Sometime in the 21st century, turmoil has caused the government to be overthrown by the New Founding Fathers of America (NFFA). NFFA members Arlo Sabian and Dr. May Updale announce an experiment to take place on Staten Island where for 12 hours, citizens will be allowed to purge and release their inhibitions in any way they choose. The NFFA offers residents of the Island $5000 to stay in their homes during the experiment and a compensation for those participating as well. They also outfit the participants with tracking devices and contact lenses with cameras in them so that they can monitor all activity. Drug lord Dmitri tells his dealers that they will be leaving but drug dealer Capital A wants to stay and purge. Another young drug dealer, Isaiah, gets into a fight with Skeletor and gets his neck cut. Isaiah goes to his sister Nya, an anti-Purge activist and Dimitri's ex-girlfriend, for treatment, and Nya later confronts Dmitri as she believes that Dmitri is Isaiah's drug lord, which he denies.. This is the fourth installment in the Purge franchise and a prequel showing how the United States came to the point of accepting the Purge Night. It shows how it originated as an experiment confined to Staten Island with the promise that those who stay on the island for its duration will be paid a large sum of money. Fella_shibby@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with an insane junkie named Skeletor (Rotimi Paul) telling another man about his dark desires and instincts, and how he wants to purge to unleash his hatred of people. The other man likes Skeletor's use of the word "purge" and assures him that he will get to do just that very soon. Set in the mid 21st Century, it is a time of economic and social turmoil in the United States. The New Founding Fathers of America are established to replace both the democratic and republican parties. They plan to initiate an experiment on Staten Island within two days time to allow for citizens to release their inhibitions for a 12-hour period. This was concocted by Chief of Staff Arlo Sabian (Patch Darragh) and Dr. May Updale (Marisa Tomei). Those conducting and monitoring the experiment offer the Island's residents $5,000 to stay in their homes during the experiment, and an additional compensation to those who participate. The participants are given tracking devices and camera contact lenses to monitor their activity. In the next scene, we are introduced to drug lord Dmitri (Y'lan Noel) as he tells his dealers that they will be making their way out of Staten Island on Purge Night. One dealer, Capital A (Christian Robinson), says he wants to stay and purge, but Dmitri has his trusted friend Blaise (Siya) flip Capital A onto his back to reaffirm his orders. Elsewhere, a young dealer named Isaiah (Joivan Wade) has a run-in with Skeletor, who harasses him and says he's going after his sister on Purge Night. Isaiah shoves Skeletor, who retaliates by cutting Isaiah's neck with a razor before fleeing. Isaiah tends to his wound at home when he is found by his sister Nya (Lex Scott Davis), who is advocating against the Purge. Nya goes to confront Dmitri, with whom she has some history. She is angry because she thinks that Dmitri has Isaiah dealing for him, but Dmitri says he never knew he was dealing and never would have taken him in like that. On the evening of the experiment, many people make their way off the Island via ferries. Nya joins her friends Dolores (Mugga) and Luisa (Luna Lauren Velez), as well as Luisa's daughter Selina (Kristen Solis) at church where they will wait out the Purge. Nya thinks that Isaiah is with their uncle in Brooklyn, but he has stayed to participate in the Purge so he can go after Skeletor. Meanwhile, Dmitri has stayed in his office while Capital A has sent two hookers there to keep Dmitri company. Isaiah goes out into the streets with his gun. Skeletor has joined the Purge as well, and he finds a man trying to break open an ATM, and Skeletor stabs him to death. This is recorded as the very first Purge of the night. The footage goes viral quickly after the NFFA gets their hands on the video. They observe that there are more parties being thrown around the area compared to what they were originally expecting. Skeletor walks upon one of the Purge parties happening, which is just a rave going on in the middle of the streets. He stabs a few people to death before the crowd runs away in fear. Isaiah has him cornered and aims his gun at him, but he fails to pull the trigger, drops the gun, and runs away. Skeletor chases after him as Isaiah runs through bad neighborhoods where other murderous Purgers are running loose. He finds a quiet spot to call Nya for help, and she leaves to go find him. As Nya goes to look for Isaiah, Dmitri is visited by the hookers. As they seduce him, they quickly turn out to be Purgers who try to kill him. At the same time, we see Nya get caught by Skeletor, who tries to cut and rape her, but Isaiah stabs Skeletor in the back and runs away with Nya. Dmitri fights off the hookers and learns that they were sent by Capital A to take Dmitri out so that he can assume control of the block, as well as to receive their payment so they can leave their business. Nya and Isaiah make their way back to the church, only to find Purgers walking out of it, covered in blood. After the Purgers disperse, Nya finds Luisa and Selina alive, but they don't know where Dolores went. They make their way to Nya and Isaiah's apartment for safety. Once there, they are met by Dolores, who managed to make it through the streets in one piece, albeit very shaken up. At the NFFA headquarters, Updale reviews the footage of the evening and notices teams of people killing civilians, including those at the church. Sabian tells her that he had mercenaries sent out to kill people in the overpopulated and impoverished neighborhoods as a way to set a balance between the rich and the poor. After giving her this information, Sabian has Updale taken to a shady neighborhood where she is executed. He orders footage of this to be deleted. Meanwhile, Capital A goes by Dmitri's place to ask the hookers what became of Dmitri. He gets his answer when Dmitri's still-loyal crew members draw their guns on Capital A and his goons. Dmitri comes out and executes him before the goons get shot too. Dmitri then proceeds to meet with the rest of his crew, only for him and his buddy to get their car rammed into by a flaming truck. Purgers step out to shoot people on the streets, but Dmitri snaps one of their necks and steals his gun to shoot the others. He heads to meet the crew and finds that they are cornered by Purgers dressed in Klan uniforms. The Klansmen fire upon the men in the building until they have smoke bombs thrown at their feet, leaving the Klansmen blind and open to get slaughtered. Dmitri re-teams with his whole crew until NFFA drones shoot them all dead. Dmitri contacts Nya when he finds that the mercenaries are headed to her apartment. He orders her to stay hidden and get what she can to protect herself and the others. Sure enough, the mercs are viciously gunning down everybody on every floor. Dmitri grabs as many guns as he can carry and heads to the building. He finds three mercs and fights them before shooting two of them and strangling the third. The other mercs are making their way up to the top floor where Nya and the others are. Luisa, Selina, and Dolores hide in the closet for safety. Dmitri kills more mercs until he joins the others. Two mercs break into the apartment, but Nya shoots them both in the legs before she and Isaiah stab them in the necks. As the mercs reach Nya's place, they prepare to shoot an RPG until Skeletor shows up and slays three mercs before getting shot dead. Dmitri grabs a C4 explosive and tosses it into the other room, shooting it until it blows up and obliterates the remaining mercs. The survivors make their way out of the room as the sirens signaling the end of the Purge go off. Dmitri got shot, but Nya and Isaiah help him walk out. The other survivors meet up outside where they view Dmitri as a hero. Isaiah asks what happens now, and Dmitri says it's time for them to fight back. As the end credits roll, Sabian issues a statement saying that the Purge was a success, and they will begin to roll out a nationwide Purge starting the following year. 
 The Rock (1996)761) A mild-mannered chemist and an ex-con must lead the counterstrike when a rogue group of military men, led by a renegade general, threaten a nerve gas attack from Alcatraz against San Francisco. Stanley Goodspeed, who lives in Washington, D.C., is a biochemist who works for the F.B.I. Soon after his fiance Carla Pestalozzi announces that she is pregnant, Stanley gets a call from F.B.I. Director James Womack. Womack tells Stanley that San Francisco's Alcatraz Island has been taken hostage, along with eighty-one tourists, by Marine General Francis Xavier Hummel who, for years, has been protesting the government's refusal to pay benefits to families of war veterans who died during covert military operations. The death of his wife Barbara on March 9, 1995 drove General Hummel over the edge, and now he's holding hostages in order to get his point across. Stanley is needed because General Hummel has stolen some VX gas warheads and has announced that he will launch them onto San Francisco unless his demands are met. Stanley knows how to disarm the bombs, but he needs someone who knows Alcatraz well enough to get him inside. That man is former British Intelligence Agent John Patrick Mason, who has been in prison for the past thirty years without a trial because he was accused of stealing the private files of J. Edgar Hoover . In 1962, John became the only inmate ever to escape from Alcatraz, and he stayed out of Alcatraz long enough to father a daughter named Jade Angelou. Despite his extreme hatred of the F.B.I., John agrees to help Stanley. When John and Stanley are sent into Alcatraz with a Navy S.E.A.L. team, General Hummel's men kill the entire S.E.A.L. team, leaving Stanley and John to work on their own to rescue the hostages. Todd Baldridge With a madly daring scheme to unleash a devastating chemical warfare on the unsuspecting citizens of San Francisco, the disillusioned war hero, General Francis X. Hummel, and a handful of loyal men take over the impregnable prison island of Alcatraz. Demanding $100 million in reparations to the families of his lost brothers-in-arms, the highly decorated military man threatens to launch deadly rockets filled with nerve gas, unless the Pentagon takes him seriously. Now, the fates of millions rest in the hands of two unlikely companions: the nervous FBI chemist, Stanley Goodspeed, and the experienced British ex-spy and former Alcatraz inmate, John Patrick Mason, who must break into the abandoned fortress to thwart the general's plans. Many tried to break out of this rugged and impervious jail; however, only one succeeded. Can Mason and Stanley escape from the Rock in one piece? Nick Riganas A group of renegade Marine commandos seizes a stockpile of chemical weapons and takes over Alcatraz, with eighty-one tourists as hostages. Their leader, a former highly-decorated General, demands one hundred million dollars to be paid in ransom, as restitution to families of Marines who died in covert operations and were thereby denied compensation. Otherwise, he is threatening to launch fifteey rockets carrying deadly VX nerve gas into the San Francisco Bay area. An elite S.E.A.L. team, with support from an F.B.I. chemical warfare expert (Stanley Goodspeed) and a former Alcatraz escapee (John Patrick Mason), is assembled to penetrate the terrorists' defenses on Alcatraz and neutralize the rocket threat before time runs out. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> It's a quiet day in San Francisco. There are eighty-one civilians on a tour of Alcatraz, the prison famous for the fact that no prisoner had ever successfully escaped. During one of the tours, Marine General Francis Xavier Hummel takes the civilians hostage, with the help of other Marines. He has fifteen rockets of deadly VX gas at his disposal, ready to launch at San Francisco. His reason for doing this is simple. He has seen Marines under his command get killed in combat without a military burial or benefits to their families. He makes a threat to the F.B.I.: give the fallen Marines recognition or he will launch the VX rockets. After learning that one rocket is enough to take out sixty or seventy thousand people, the F.B.I. sends for their top chemical weapons expert: Dr. Stanley Goodspeed, engaged to his pregnant girlfriend. While trying to figure out a countermeasure to the current situation, the F.B.I. is forced to resort to John Patrick Mason, an ex-con who broke out of Alcatraz in 1962. Ridley Lavine Marine General Francis Xavier Hummel has spent most of his career carrying out covert operations, but there's no record of these operations. Over the years, nearly a hundred of his men have been killed or left behind, and they have not received any recognition. After trying to get them that through normal channels, Hummel now decides that it's time for drastic measures. He and some other Marines take some rockets that are equipped with a biological weapon. They then go on a tour of Alcatraz, and take the tourists hostage. He then calls the Pentagon and informs them that unless they pay him one hundred million dollars as reparation for him, he will launch the rockets. Now the Pentagon doesn't want to capitulate. So they decide to send in a team of Navy S.E.A.L.s. Now they need someone who knows Alcatraz and the best person they could find is John Patrick Mason, a man who escaped from Alcatraz, and who has been in every prison in the U.S. for the past thirty years. Also accompanying them is Stanley Goodspeed, an F.B.I. chemical weapons expert. When they go in, the Marines ambush the S.E.A.L.s. Only Mason and Goodspeed are left, and the two have to try and neutralize the weapons. The only problem is, that Goodspeed is not really a man of action and Mason knows that when he returns, he will be sent back to prison, and Mason doesn't really deserve that. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On a rainy morning at Arlington National Cemetery, Brigadier General Francis Hummel ( Ed Harris ) visits the grave of his wife, Barbara, who had recently passed away from an illness. He tells her that he misses her, but there is something he has to do now, and most of the world isn't going to like it. He hopes that wherever she is, she understands why he had to take the action he plans to. After saying a final goodbye, he places his Medal of Honor on the headstone and kisses it before he leaves. Later that night, Hummel leads a group of rogue Force Recon Marines on a raid of a Naval Weapons Depot. They seize a stockpile of rockets armed with weapons grade O-ethyl methylphosphonothioic acid, more commonly known as VX gas. They lose one of their men in the process, a horrific death caused by an accidental release of the chemical when one of the canisters was dropped and a sphere containing the deadly substance shatters. The man's skin begins to dissolve, he convulses and chokes to death. Hummel and his second-in-command, Major Tom Baxter ( David Morse ) have no choice but to leave the room sealed with their man inside. In an FBI lab in Washington DC, Dr. Stanley Goodspeed ( Nicolas Cage ) is called in to inspect a package sent to Bosnian refugees. He and a trainee, Marv Isherwood ( Todd Louiso ), find a small doll inside that sprays them with sarin gas and contains a bomb made of C4 explosive that could destroy the lab and kill everyone in the building. As Stanley works frantically to disarm the bomb he turns down a hypodermic needle loaded with a dose of atropine. Stanley disarms the bomb successfully. At home that night, he relaxes until his girlfriend, Carla ( Vanessa Marcil ) arrives home. He tells her about his experience and mentions that because the world is so cruel and violent that anyone considering having children is being foolish. She tells him she's pregnant and Stanley, stunned, tells her he's happy. When she proposes to him, he accepts. Hummel is joined by other Marines who have served him over the course of his career; Major Tom Baxter, who he served with in Vietnam, Captain Hendrix ( John C. McGinley ), who he served with in the Gulf, and Captains Frye ( Gregory Sporleder ) and Darrow ( Tony Todd ), who organized the raid on the weapons depot. They seize Alcatraz Island and take 81 tourists hostage, placing them in the prison cells, then threatening the FBI and Pentagon with launching the VX rockets against the population of San Francisco, unless the government pays ransom and reparations to the families of Marines who died on illegal, clandestine Marine Force Recon missions ("Black Ops") that were commanded by General Hummel. After Goodspeed makes love to Carla, he receives a call telling him to report to San Francisco. He assures her that it is probably just a training exercise, and they can be married there when it is finished. When he arrives, he is greeted by senior agent Ernest Paxton ( William Forsythe ) and Bureau Director James Womack ( John Spencer ). They brief him on the situation, asking him to consult. Goodspeed agrees, but asks Paxton for a gun having left his own sidearm at home. SEAL Commander Anderson ( Michael Biehn ) offers to lead an incursion team to the island to neutralize the warheads and free the hostages. In need of reliable first-hand knowledge of the physical layout of Alcatraz, Womack is forced to turn to long-time federal prisoner John Mason ( Sean Connery ), the only former inmate of Alcatraz to ever successfully escape. There is a considerable amount of bad blood between Mason and Womack, so Goodspeed is tasked with talking to him. Mason is willing to cooperate, however, shortly after he signs his pardon, Womack tears it up. Goodspeed notes that while they were talking to Mason he mentioned the names of several historical figures who were wrongfully imprisoned like Nelson Mandela, Sir Walter Raleigh, Archimedes and Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn. Womack brushes it off, accusing Goodspeed of asking too many questions. Part of Mason's agreement includes a short stay at a luxury suite at San Francisco's Fairmont Hotel. He calls in a large amount of food to distract his minders. Out on the suite's balcony, Mason, while shaking on the deal he made with Womack, slips a rope around Womack's wrist and throws him over the side, holding the rope. When Goodspeed calls the other agents to help him pull Womack to safety, Mason escapes. He steals a Humvee from a hotel patron and drives recklessly through San Francisco, colliding with cars and other obstacles to block their pursuit. He finally makes it to the Palace of Fine Arts and meets with his daughter, Jade ( Claire Forlani ). The two seem to reconcile, Jade being bitter after her mother's death and Mason's (unintentional) abandonment. Goodspeed shows up and tells Mason they have to rejoin the FBI team. Upon their return, Goodspeed learns that he himself will accompany Mason and the incursion team to Alcatraz, despite his minimal combat training and fear of deep water. Paxton appeases him by having his men get Carla to safety. With Mason's guidance, the SEAL incursion team successfully infiltrates Alcatraz mostly undetected, but as they work their way through the tunnels of Alcatraz and enter the shower room, their presence is discovered by sophisticated warning equipment set up by Hummel's men. Hummel attempts to talk Anderson down, but Frye and Darrow grow impatient and open fire, leaving only Mason and Goodspeed alive. With Mason deciding to leave the island, Goodspeed must reveal the true purpose of the mission. Realizing his daughter's life is at risk, Mason agrees to stay and help. They begin the process of seeking out and disabling the 15 rockets one-by-one, traveling through the underground catacombs to avoid detection. They find them in the morgue and Goodspeed begins the painstaking process of removing the guidance chip from each missile. With the VX spheres arranged in a delicate configuration the work is slow and precise. While he removes the chips, he explains to Mason what the effects of VX are on the human body. After twelve rockets are sabotaged by Goodspeed and Mason, Captain Hendrix is ordered to take a fireteam down to the catacombs, resulting in a pitched battle in which Goodspeed uses lethal force for the first time. After learning that Hendrix's squad has been killed, Hummel threatens to execute one of the hostages unless the guidance chips of the sabotaged rockets are returned to him. Goodspeed grapples with the idea of surrendering the chips for a few moments until Mason destroys the chips, then surrenders to Hummel to buy time for Goodspeed to disable more rockets. During a tense confrontation in the prison courtyard, Mason insinuates that Hummel is actually insulting the memory of his fallen soldiers by threatening innocent civilians, and tests the general's resolve by calling him an idiot and denouncing his sense of patriotism as "a virtue of the vicious." (quoting Oscar Wilde). Hummel angrily strikes Mason and prepares to shoot him in the head, but instead orders him locked up. Goodspeed is able to disable the thirteenth rocket just before he is captured. Meanwhile, realizing that the SEAL team is lost, the Pentagon readies a backup plan; an attack by armed F-18s that will neutralize the poison gas by releasing Thermite plasma bombs, which would also kill everyone on the island. Paxton confronts Womack, asserting that given the severity of the situation, he has earned the right to know why Mason was imprisoned, and why Womack hates him so much. Womack reveals that Mason was a Captain for the British SAS who stole a microfilm containing serious secrets about U.S. and other world leaders and events. The information came from the personal files of former FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover. Mason was captured at the Canadian border and refused to divulge the location of the microfilm. After being disavowed by the SAS, he was kept locked up without benefit of trial, and told he would not be released until he gave up the microfilm. After Hoover died, the agency became a different beast, but it also became harder to come clean about the incident, so Mason remained locked away and forgotten. Mason is imparting this same information to Goodspeed as he fashions the bedding of his cell into a knotted rope with a wheel caster tied to the end for weight. He explains that the government had no intention of ever letting him go; had he given up the microfilm, they would have simply killed him, making his death look like suicide. Goodspeed furiously asks how he managed to get out of the cell in the first place. An annoyed Mason ignores the question, simply throwing the rope until it finally hits a security switch that unlocks their cell doors. Once they have safely made it to the beach, Mason again decides to leave the island, convinced that Hummel is only bluffing. Goodspeed insists that the military will need more than Mason's assumption to call off the airstrike, and he will finish the mission alone if he has to. Goodspeed is captured before he can find another rocket, but he's rescued by Mason, who decided to come back, he did not want to see Stanley's child grow up without a father, as Jade has. The deadline Hummel gave the FBI/Pentagon arrives, and when there is no ransom paid and more time requested, Major Baxter demands he take action. Hummel orders a rocket fired. It's headed for a full stadium at Candlestick Park, but Hummel slyly enters revised coordinates on his computer keyboard and redirects the rocket so that it falls into the ocean. The surviving officers are furious, as Washington will now believe they are weak and incompetent and hit them with everything they've got. Hummel tells them that the whole operation was a bluff that the government didn't fall for, and since he's a professional soldier, not a murderer, it's all over. He tells his men to take some hostages and leave, he will surrender and take the heat for it all. Frye and Darrow refuse. They consider themselves mercenaries working for pay, and they want their money, or to make good on the threats. A Mexican standoff ensues, and Mason and Goodspeed arrive just in time to witness its conclusion. As shots are fired, General Hummel and Major Baxter are fatally wounded. As Mason opens fire on the mutineers, forcing them to disperse, a dying Hummel tells Goodspeed that the last rocket is in the lower lighthouse. Goodspeed heads to the lighthouse while Mason covers him from the rooftops. As Goodspeed disarms the last rocket, Darrow corners him, menacing him with a combat knife. Goodspeed launches the now unarmed rocket, which hits Darrow squarely in chest, causing him to plummet to his death. As Goodspeed is handling the final string of green VX spheres, one of them drops on the deck. He catches it before it can shatter. Frye attacks him, chasing him through the lighthouse. Deciding to take a stand against Frye, Goodspeed lures him with the last guidance chip and attacks him. With the Thermite plasma-armed jets approaching, Frye overpowers Goodspeed and tries to strangle him. Out of options, Goodspeed shoves the loose sphere into the captain's mouth and hits him in the jaw, crushing the vial and releasing the contents. Captain Frye dies almost instantly, violently convulsing as his flesh melts away. Goodspeed is also exposed to the toxin and he immediately stumbles away, pulling the atropine antidote from his boot and injecting himself in the heart with it. He is then able to grab and light two green flares, the prearranged signal that the threat is over. The flares are spotted from land, but only after one of the jet pilots has released his bombs, exploding on the rear of the island, missing all the hostages and sending Goodspeed flying into the bay. Mason reappears and drags the unconscious Goodspeed to shore. Paxton calls on the radio and learns from Goodspeed that all the hostages are still alive, but that Mason had been killed. The distraction provides Mason time to escape before the FBI arrives, telling him that Womack tore up his pardon. Mason suggests that Goodspeed take his honeymoon with Carla by way of Ft. Walton, Kansas, giving him a slip of paper saying "front pew." When Paxton and Womack arrive Goodspeed tells them that Mason was "vaporized" by the Thermite plasma missile. The film ends with Goodspeed running from a church in Ft. Walton, Kansas, as Carla urges him to hurry and get in the car so they can get away. Goodspeed has in his hand a canister containing microfilm. He looks at the microfilm and asks Carla if she'd like to know who really shot JFK. 
 Diary of a Mad Black Woman (2005)431) A couple's seemingly solid marriage begins to crumble when the wife discovers that her husband intends to divorce her. Helen McCarter has everything a woman wants: a nice house and rich husband. However after her husband Charles throws her out of the house after admitting to an affair a distraught Helen turns to her mother, grandmother Madea and cousin Brian who take her in and turn back to God. Helen learns for the first time in her life to stand up on her two feet and is ready to remove herself from her relationship with Charles and move on with Orlando. But when her husband is almost killed by a vengeful client, Helen wonders if she has the heart to forgive him despite everything. teyee_eng2388-1 Helen and Charles McCarter had everything: fine home, beautiful clothes, and success. In public, they were the perfect match. But behind the scenes was another matter. On what should have been the end of the happiest day of their lives, Charles evicts Helen, his wife of 18 years, out of their house in the presence of his mistress. Helen then goes from meek and mild to mad, starts a diary and a new life. Jalea from NYC Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Charles McCarter (Steve Harris) and his wife Helen (Kimberly Elise) are attending an awards banquet where Charles is receiving an award for the most outstanding lawyer in Atlanta. You would think that both of them would be on top of the world, but things are about to change. They are about to celebrate their 18th-wedding anniversary when Helen comes home to find her clothes packed up in a U-Haul van parked in the driveway. However, there is now a new wardrobe of designer clothes in the closet. Helen thinks this is the big surprise Charles was going to tell her. She was wrong; Charles is divorcing Helen for a younger woman. Charles has to drag Helen out his front door and closes the door on her, because this is his house. Helen moves in with her grandmother Madea (Tyler Perry), an old woman who doesn't take any lip from anyone, and if she must, she will use the gun she always carries. Madea helps Helen through these tough times by showing her what is really important in life. Helen begins to stand on her own two feet and finds a new man, Orlando (Shemar Moore). Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) 
 The Practice (19972004)Summaries We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm. Bobby Donnell is the head of a struggling Boston law firm that seems to constantly struggle with ethical themes while defending murderers, rapists, etc. Jimmy, Eugene, Ellenor and Lindsay are junior attorneys with the firm, the streetwise receptionist, and Helen the firm's frequent adversary with the D.A.'s office in this smart and clever weekly series. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 