nm0004361:

 Star Wars: Episode IX - The Rise of Skywalker (2019)321) In the riveting conclusion of the landmark Skywalker saga, new legends will be born-and the final battle for freedom is yet to come. While the First Order continues to ravage the galaxy, Rey finalizes her training as a Jedi. But danger suddenly rises from the ashes as the evil Emperor Palpatine mysteriously returns from the dead. While working with Finn and Poe Dameron to fulfill a new mission, Rey will not only face Kylo Ren once more, but she will also finally discover the truth about her parents as well as a deadly secret that could determine her future and the fate of the ultimate final showdown that is to come. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The opening crawl reveals that a mysterious broadcast has been heard across the galaxy in the voice of the late Emperor Palpatine. General Leia Organa dispatches agents across the galaxy to gather information on this, while Kylo Ren, now Supreme Leader of the First Order, searches for Palpatine in an effort to eliminate all potential threats to his power. He steals an ancient Sith device called a "Wayfinder" from the planet Mustafar, and uses it to navigate the galaxy's unknown regions. Soon, he finds Exagol, the mythical home world of the Sith. Sure enough, Palpatine awaits him there, having returned from the dead via unnatural means following Darth Vader's betrayal in Return Of The Jedi - though he still needs to be hooked up to machinery operated by a cult-like group of Sith loyalists to stay alive. Palpatine reveals he has been pulling the strings of the First Order this whole time - he created Snoke to act as a puppet leader, and helped tempt Kylo to the Dark Side. Kylo intends to kill Palpatine like he killed Snoke, but the former Emperor reveals that he has spent the last 30 years constructing an entire fleet of Star Destroyers - each with the power of a Death Star. He tells Kylo that he could be the ruler of the new Galactic Empire if he destroys Rey, and ends the Jedi Order. But he also warns Kylo that there is more to Rey's story than he may realize... Meanwhile, Finn, Poe Dameron and Chewbacca meet with an informant for the Resistance who tells them that there is a spy in the First Order leaking information. He gives them a message in the form of a data encoder, but squadrons of TIE-Fighters arrive and attack them. Finn, Poe and Chewie are forced to flee in the Millennium Falcon, which takes some damage during their escape, but ultimately manages to get away and destroy a number of its pursuers. On the jungle world Ajan-Kloss, where the Resistance is currently based, Rey is learning the ways of the Force from Leia. She expresses frustration at her inability to communicate with the ghosts of the Jedi who came before, but Leia patiently encourages her young student. During her training session, Rey is startled when she has a shared vision with Kylo Ren, due to their Force connection - flashes of scenes from the previous two movies are shown during this scene. She becomes distracted by the vision, and accidentally drops a tree on BB8. The Falcon returns from its mission. Rey, appalled by the state it's in, argues with Poe, who is frustrated that she chooses to stay back at the base training when she's the best fighter the Resistance has. Poe then reveals to the rest of the Resistance that their worst fears have been confirmed: Palpatine is back, and in 16 hours, his massive fleet will be unleashed onto the galaxy. This will be what the Sith Lord calls "the Final Order". The Resistance will need to get to Exagol and destroy the fleet before it is released, but C3PO explains that there are no maps leading there. Rey remembers something she read in the Jedi texts from Ahch-To - that Luke had gone on a failed search for a Sith wayfinder (the only other one in existence) sometime before his self-imposed exile. All that is known is that the Wayfinder is somewhere on the desert planet Pasaana. Leia agrees to send Rey there and meet with a contact of hers. Finn, Poe, Chewie, 3PO and BB8 insist on coming along. The heroes say their goodbyes - Finn to Rose Tico, 3PO to R2D2, and Rey to Leia - before departing in the Falcon. Having repaired his damaged helmet, Kylo Ren convenes a meeting of the First Order council. He informs his Generals that there is a spy in their midst. Generals Hux and Pryde stare at each other accusingly. One General expresses skepticism about Palpatine's true intentions behind helping them, but Kylo Force-chokes him and levitates his body aggressively to the ceiling. He then prepares to hunt down Rey with his Knights of Ren. The Falcon lands on Pasaana, and the crew arrive at a vibrant festival. Rey is asked her name by one of the natives, and she replies that she's "just Rey". Kylo then reaches out to Rey via the Force and figures out where she is by taking the necklace she was given by the natives of Pasaana. Rey warns her friends that the First Order is coming. The group is then met by Leia's contact, who turns out to be none other than Lando Calrissian. He reveals that many years ago, he accompanied Luke on a mission to track down a man named Ochi, who may have had information regarding the location of the second Wayfinder. They found Ochi's ship abandoned in the desert, where it remains to this day. Lando chose to remain on Pasaana. He gives the heroes directions to where Ochi's ship lies. First Order Stormtroopers arrive, forcing the heroes to flee through the desert. The group ends up sinking through Quicksand, and find themselves in an underground cave where they discover Ochi's remains. Next to him is a dagger that 3PO realizes has an inscription written in the ancient language of the Sith. Unfortunately, his programming forbids him from translating it, much to Poe's frustration. They are then attacked by a giant creature which Rey realizes is injured, and heals with the Force. The creature tunnels an escape route for them out of gratitude. Outside, they find Ochi's ship, but Rey senses that Kylo is near, and goes to hold him off so her friends have time to escape. She damages Kylo's TIE-Fighter, but Chewie is captured by the Knights of Ren along with the dagger, and placed on a First Order transport ship. Rey tries to pull the transport towards her with the Force, but Kylo attempts to do the same. Eventually, a burst of Force Lightning unexpectedly shoots from Rey's hand, destroying the transport. Rey is devastated that she has seemingly killed Chewie, but escapes in Ochie's ship with her friends, while Kylo and his troops steal the Falcon. Finn comforts Rey on the ship, as she is still heartbroken over Chewie. 3PO reveals that he committed the dagger's inscription to his memory, and the group figures out that if they could bypass 3PO's programming, he could translate it for them. Poe says he knows a black market Droidsmith on the planet Kijimi who might be able to do just that. Meanwhile, BB8 befriends another little droid called D-O on the ship. The group lands on Kijimi, and encounter a Spice Runner named Zorii Bliss, who is revealed to be an old friend (and possibly ex-lover) of Poe's. Zorii brings them to Babu Frik, the droidsmith Poe mentioned. Frik says he can bypass 3PO's programming, but in doing so, he will have to wipe the droid's memory. Despite this, 3PO insists on going ahead with it anyway, prepared to sacrifice his memory for the good of the Resistance's cause. Frik hacks into 3PO's memory, and he translates the inscription, revealing that the other Wayfinder is on the remains of the second Death Star. 3PO then reboots, having lost all his memories. Zorii gives Poe a First Order captain's medallion to help them get through the First Order's security. The First Order arrives on Kijimi, having tracked the group there. Rey senses that Chewie is alive on their ship, and realizes he must have been on a different transport to the one she destroyed. The heroes agree to use the medallion to get on board the ship and rescue Chewie and the Falcon. On board the ship, the group is separated - Finn and Poe are captured alongside Chewie. Rey comes across the Sith dagger, and touches it, experiencing a vision that reveals Ochi killed her parents. It seems that he had been sent after her, and her parents sold her to keep their daughter safe. Kylo senses that Rey is on board his ship. Finn, Poe and Chewie are about to be executed by the First Order. However, Hux saves them and reveals that he is the spy - he doesn't care whether or not the Resistance wins, but he is sabotaging the First Order's cause out of spite towards Kylo Ren. Kylo arrives to confront Rey, and finally reveals the truth to her: her father was the son of Palpatine, making her the Emperor's granddaughter. He also reveals that they are connected because they are a "dyad" in the Force, and once again tries to convince her to join him. Rey refuses, and escapes on the Falcon with Finn, Poe, Chewie, 3PO, BB8 and D-O. General Pryde figures out that Hux was the spy, and kills him. Palpatine then issues an order for Kijimi to be destroyed by one of his Star Destroyers. The First Order is still able to follow the heroes, because they scanned the dagger and translated its inscription before they arrived. The remains of the second Death Star are located on an ocean moon near Endor. There, the group are met by a tribe of ex-Stormtroopers led by a young woman named Jannah. She and Finn bond over having both escaped from the First Order. Rey braves her way through the perilous ocean to make her way to the Death Star. She gets the Wayfinder, then has a vision of herself as a Sith. Kylo then arrives and destroys the Wayfinder, meaning Rey can only reach Exagol if she comes with him. Rey becomes angered, and they begin a lightsaber duel. For a time, it looks like Kylo is winning - but Leia senses the duel back on Ajan-Kloss. Desperate, Leia reaches out to her son through the Force, causing him to hesitate. Rey takes this opportunity to stab Kylo with her lightsaber - but realizes too late that this also affects Leia, since she and Kylo were connected at the time. Rey heals Kylo with the Force, but is unable to save Leia, who dies back at the base. Distraught, and still haunted by the revelation of her true lineage, Rey steals Kylo's TIE-Fighter and leaves. She returns to Ahch-To, intending to exile herself there as Luke once did. But when she tries to burn the Skywalker lightsaber, Luke's Force Ghost appears and stops her. He tells her that she must not make the same mistake he did, and reveals that Leia knew of her Palpatine lineage all along, but still trained her. He then gives her a lightsaber that was intended for Leia before she gave up her Jedi training because of her pregnancy. Rey remembers that Kylo has the other Wayfinder in his TIE-Fighter and removes it. Luke levitates his X-Wing out of the water (mirroring the scene where Yoda does the same thing in The Empire Strikes Back), and Rey sets a course for Exagol. Meanwhile, Kylo is more conflicted than ever, and racked with remorse over his mother's death. He has a vision of his father, Han Solo, encouraging him to renounce the Dark Side and return to the light. Kylo tosses his lightsaber away, reclaiming his identity as Ben Solo. With Kylo presumed dead, Pryde takes command of the Sith fleet on Exagol, and destroys Kijimi. We also learn that Pryde served Palpatine during the days of the Galactic Empire. Finn, Poe and the others (now accompanied by Jannah) return to Ajan-Kloss, and are informed of Kijimi's destruction as well as Leia's death. Chewie breaks down and howls in anguish over Leia's passing, and Poe is informed that he is to succeed her as General. Poe does not feel that he has what it takes to be the leader Leia was. Lando arrives, and Poe asks him how he, Leia, Han and Luke were able to take on a whole Empire when the odds seemed stacked against them. Lando replies that they had each other, and encourages Poe. R2 backs up 3PO's memory, and then starts receiving a signal from Luke's X-Wing. Realizing it's Rey, and that she is leading them all to Exagol, Poe appoints Finn as his co-General, and prepares to lead a Resistance fleet against Palpatine's Star Destroyers. Lando is sent off in the Falcon to gather reinforcements from across the galaxy. Rey arrives on Exagol and confronts Palpatine, who tells her to strike him down, so his spirit may pass into her. He threatens to destroy her friends if she does not. Rey is about to carry out the deed, but senses that Ben has arrived to help her. The two manage to share Leia's lightsaber via their Force connection, and take down the Knights of Ren together. Palpatine realizes they are a dyad in the Force, and draws life force from them, rejuvenating himself. He declares that nothing will stop the return of the Sith, and tosses Ben down a nearby chasm, seemingly killing him. The Resistance engages in battle with the First Order's fleet, but all seems hopeless, as they are outnumbered and overpowered. Just as Poe thinks the battle is lost, Lando arrives with a massive fleet of ships from across the galaxy. Among the reinforcements are Zorii and Babu Frik (who escaped Kijimi before it was destroyed) and Rebellion veteran Wedge Antilles. Now, the Resistance has their own army capable of taking on the First Order. In Palpatine's throne-room, a weakened Rey lies on the floor. Suddenly, she begins to hear the voices of the fallen Jedi reaching out to her - she hears Obi-Wan Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker, Yoda, Qui-Gon Jinn, Mace Windu, Ahsoka Tano, Kanan Jarrus, Aayla Secura, Luminara Unduli, Adi Gallia, and finally, Luke Skywalker, all of whom say that they will stand behind her, and she must rise up to destroy the Emperor and restore balance. Rey gets to her feet, and Palpatine attempts to shoot Force Lighting at her, which she deflects with Leia and Luke's lightsabers. Palpatine angrily says that she is powerless to stop him, and declares "I am ALL THE SITH!". Rey responds "and I...am all the Jedi", and deflects the lighting back at her grandfather, disintegrating his body and destroying the lord of the Sith once and for all. The effort drains all life from Rey, and she begins to die. Ben crawls out of the chasm and transfers his life force to Rey, reviving her. They share a kiss before he dies, redeemed just like his grandfather before him. Meanwhile, the Resistance destroys the First Order's fleet, killing Pryde. The heroes reunite at Ajan-Kloss. Maz Kanata presents Chewie with one of the medals Leia presented Luke and Han with in A New Hope. Lando offers to help Jannah find her long-lost family. Rey, Finn and Poe embrace, celebrating their victory over the First Order. Sometime later, Rey and BB8 take the Falcon to Tatooine, and visit the now-abandoned Lars homestead where Luke Skywalker was raised by his aunt and uncle. She buries the Skywalker lightsabers there, having constructed her own. A local passes by, and remarks that nobody has come by here in a long time. She asks who Rey is. Rey tells her her name. "Rey who?" asks the stranger. As the ghosts of Luke and Leia smile over her, Rey responds "Rey Skywalker". She and BB8 then watch the twin suns of Tatooine, just as Luke used to do as a young man - but now, they are rising and not setting. 
 Star Trek (2009)431) The brash James T. Kirk tries to live up to his father's legacy with Mr. Spock keeping him in check as a vengeful Romulan from the future creates black holes to destroy the Federation one planet at a time. On the day of James T. Kirk's birth, his father dies on his damaged starship in a last stand against a Romulan mining vessel looking for Ambassador Spock, who in this time, has grown on Vulcan disdained by his neighbors for his half-human heritage. 25 years later, James T. Kirk has grown into a young rebellious troublemaker. Challenged by Captain Christopher Pike to realize his potential in Starfleet, he comes to annoy academy instructors like Commander Spock. Suddenly, there is an emergency on Vulcan and the newly-commissioned USS Enterprise is crewed with promising cadets like Nyota Uhura, Hikaru Sulu, Pavel Chekov and even Kirk himself, thanks to Leonard McCoy's medical trickery. Together, this crew will have an adventure in the final frontier where the old legend is altered forever as a new version of the legend begins. Paramount Pictures When a Romulan mining vessel attacks the USS Kelvin, Lt. George Kirk substitutes his captain, who goes to meet the Romulan captain on his vessel to negotiate a ceasefire. He orders the evacuation of the damaged starship, including his wife who goes into labor giving birth to their son James Kirk, and crashes the Kelvin against the vessel. Aboard the USS Enterprise, the most sophisticated starship ever constructed, a novice crew embarks on its maiden voyage. Their path takes them on a collision course with Nero, the Romulan captain from the future whose mission of vengeance threatens the Federation. Once humanity would survive, rebellious young officer James T. Kirk and coolly logical Vulcan officer Spock must move beyond their rivalry and find a way to stop Nero before he destroys Earth. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2233, the USS Kelvin, a Federation starship investigates a lightning storm in deep space, which the crew soon realizes is a black hole. A massive Romulan vessel, the Narada, emerges, creating an alternate timeline. Possessing advanced weaponry, the Narada opens fire on the Kelvin, inflicting heavy damage. The Narada's first officer, Ayel ( Clifton Collins Jr. ), hails the outmatched Kelvin and demands that its captain, Richard Robau ( Faran Tahir ), come aboard the Narada via shuttlecraft. Captain Robau agrees and hands command of the ship to his first officer, George Kirk ( Chris Hemsworth ). Robau orders Kirk to wait fifteen minutes for his signal and evacuate the ship if he does not make contact. Meanwhile, Robau is taken aboard the Narada while the crew of the Kelvin monitors him. Ayel interrogates him first about a particular ship, which Robau does not recognize, and then about the whereabouts of Ambassador Spock, with whom Robau is also unfamiliar. The Narada's captain, Nero ( Eric Bana ), sits in the background, saying nothing. Upon citing the stardate, Robau is impaled with a teral'n, a pronged bladed weapon, by Nero, and the display of his vital signs on the bridge of the Kelvin instantly flatlines; Robau is dead. Kirk orders the Kelvin to open fire. As the situation worsens and he realizes that the damage to the Kelvin is compromising the lives and safety of everyone aboard, he orders the crew to escape pods and shuttles, including his wife Winona ( Jennifer Morrison ), who is about to give birth. Kirk tries to plot a collision course with the Narada, but autopilot navigation is offline; he will need to control the Kelvin himself. He orders his wife to leave on the shuttle without him. She protests, but Kirk knows that he has no choice but to stay behind and continue the attack in order to protect the others who are leaving on escape pods. On the shuttlecraft, Winona Kirk gives birth to a baby boy. As the Kelvin destroys the missiles aimed at the shuttles, Kirk can hear his newborn's cries but realizes that he will never meet his son. Just before the Kelvin collides with the Romulan vessel, Kirk asks Winona what they should name their son. She suggests naming him after George's father, but he laughs the suggestion off and says that "Tiberius" isn't much of a first name. They decide to name him "Jim", after Winona's father. Communication is interrupted as the Kelvin smashes into the Narada, crippling it briefly and giving the shuttles time to escape. Approximately ten years later on Earth, in Iowa, a young boy recklessly drives his dead father's antique Corvette (which his stepfather is selling while the boy's mother is off planet). The stepfather ( Greg Grunberg ) calls the young boy on a built-in phone to warn him against getting even one scratch on the car. The boy ignores the warning and drives down the road blasting 20th century music (the Beastie Boys' song "Sabotage"), passing his older brother Johnny while honking the horn to get his attention. A policeman on a flying motorcycle orders the boy to pull over, but he instead turns onto a road leading to a stone quarry. He destroys the car in the deep pit, jumping out moments before it slides over the edge. When the policeman asks the boy his name, the boy defiantly says "My name is James Tiberius Kirk." Meanwhile, on the planet Vulcan, a young Spock is being tormented by bullies who tease him about his mixed heritage, calling his Vulcan father a traitor for marrying his human mother. The three have previously failed to evoke an emotional response in Spock by stirring his human side (exactly 34 times previously, according to Spock himself), but this time they take it too far, calling his mother a human whore. Their plan backfires, and Spock knocks one of the older boys into a learning pod and beats him in an emotional rage. He is later admonished by his father, Sarek ( Ben Cross ), who is disappointed at his son's lack of emotional control and informs him that he has a path to choose and that only he can make the decision. Several years later, Spock ( Zachary Quinto ) is conflicted about whether he should participate in the kolinahr, the Vulcan ritual aimed at purging all emotions. He talks to his mother, Amanda Grayson ( Winona Ryder ), and she says that she will always be proud of him, no matter what he decides. Later, Spock stands before the Vulcan High Council. The chairman comments on Spock's perfect record in his attempt to gain entry to the Vulcan Science Academy, saying that his only flaw is that he also applied to Starfleet Academy. Spock explains it was logical to explore all options, which the others agree was logical but unnecessary. They accept him into the Vulcan Science Academy despite his disadvantage of being half human. Upon hearing their decision, Spock declines the appointment and states that he will enter Starfleet Academy instead. Commenting on the fact that he is the first Vulcan to reject an appointment to the Vulcan Science Academy, he sardonically informs the committee that their record is still perfect since he is, in fact, part human. Meanwhile, in a late-night bar in Iowa, a young Nyota Uhura ( Zoe Saldana ) meets up with some friends. As they order drinks, James T. Kirk ( Chris Pine ), somewhat inebriated, introduces himself to her and offers to buy her a drink. He unsuccessfully tries to learn her first name and flirts with her, even though she is plainly not interested. Kirk reveals he is intelligent, but another Starfleet recruit has concerns for Uhura. He and three other recruits start a fight with Kirk and beat him up before a senior officer, Captain Christopher Pike ( Bruce Greenwood ), enters the bar and ends the altercation. Pike sits down with Kirk and informs him that his own dissertation was on the USS Kelvin, Kirk's father's ship. Pike attempts to speak some reason into the rebellious young man and to persuade him to join Starfleet, firmly believing that he can do more with himself than be the only genius-level repeat offender in the Midwest. Kirk does not want to hear it and laughs at the idea of joining Starfleet. However, Pike reminds him that his father saved 800 lives in just 12 minutes of command, and challenges Kirk to do better. Pike also predicts that Kirk could attain the rank of captain and have his own ship in only four years. Early the next day, Kirk heads to Riverside Shipyard, where the USS Enterprise is being built, and thinks about what Captain Pike has told him. He makes the decision to join Starfleet. Pike is surprised to see Kirk turn up to join the new recruits. Giving his motorbike away to the first person who compliments it, Kirk passes Pike, saying "Four years? I'll do it in three." He boards the recruit shuttle, surprising Uhura and the recruits whom he fought with the night before. Another man, Leonard McCoy ( Karl Urban ), also boards the shuttlecraft, arguing furiously with a cadet who repeatedly commands him to sit down. Taking a seat next to Kirk, the somewhat nervous doctor starts ranting about what could physically happen to them should anything go wrong with the shuttle's systems. Kirk is amused and tries to remind him that Starfleet works in space. McCoy explains that he has nowhere else to go; having lost everything he had in a divorce, the only things he has left are his bones. The two become instant friends. Three years later, the Narada is waiting in an remote part of space. Having lost part of his right ear and has bites wounds on his head since his arrival in the past, Nero is called to the bridge by Ayel. Suddenly, a temporal disturbance (another black hole similar to the one the Narada appeared from in the past) appears and a small starship, the Jellyfish, flies out. Nero recognizes the ship, welcomes the appearance of Ambassador Spock, and orders the ship to be captured. Meanwhile, at Starfleet Academy, Kirk informs McCoy that he is taking the Kobayashi Maru test again the next day, and is certain he will pass it this time. McCoy is shocked--nobody passes it, and nobody even repeats it, much less takes it a third time, as Kirk is about to do. Kirk then leaves to study, which actually involves sexual foreplay with an Orion cadet named Gaila ( Rachel Nichols ) in her dorm room. Suddenly, Gaila's roommate enters, and Kirk hides under the bed. Her roommate is Uhura, who talks about a message she decoded about a giant spaceship destroying dozens of Klingon warships in Klingon space. Uhura then hears someone under the bed and outs him. Angry that her roommate brought yet another guy to their room, and even angrier that it's Kirk, she kicks him out. The next day, Kirk, McCoy, Uhura and a few other Starfleet recruits are in the simulator room, undergoing the Kobayashi Maru test on Kirk's third attempt. Kirk takes a comically casual approach to the test, much to everyone's bewilderment. Everything goes as planned when, unexpectedly, the power systems momentarily fail, the attacking Klingon warships' shields go down, and they are promptly destroyed. From the viewpoint above the simulator room, a technician asks an officer how Kirk was able to beat this test. The officer turns, revealing himself to be Spock. During an official inquiry, the Starfleet Academy brass informs Kirk that they have received evidence that Kirk entered a subroutine into the computer making it possible for him to win in the simulation, and accuse him of cheating. Kirk faces his accuser, Spock, and tries to defend himself, stating that no-win scenarios are a ludicrous training tool. Spock counters that it's a test of character, not of tactical ability. The hearing is suddenly interrupted when the committee is informed that the Federation has received a distress call from Vulcan. With the primary fleet occupied in the Laurentian system, Starfleet is forced to commission the Academy cadets and dispatch ships immediately to begin a rescue mission. Academy cadets are assigned to ships based on their aptitude, with the most capable cadets assigned to the USS Enterprise, a ship completed so recently that it hasn't even been christened yet. Uhura is initially assigned to the USS Farragut, but complains directly to Spock, citing her numerous commendations and recommendations (many from Spock himself) and insisting she has earned an assignment to the USS Enterprise. Spock replies that he wanted to avoid the appearance of favoritism, but ultimately relents and reassigns Uhura to the Enterprise. Kirk has been grounded pending a ruling on his inquiry, and is not allowed to board the shuttles and join the mission. However, McCoy takes him to the medical bay and injects him with a vaccine, making him temporarily sick. Consequently, he is allowed to bring Kirk aboard the Enterprise on medical grounds. The Enterprise leaves for Vulcan, but not before helmsman Hikaru Sulu ( John Cho ), replacing Ensign McKenna, who is sick, disengages the external inertial dampener, which had been preventing them from going to warp. Pavel Chekov ( Anton Yelchin ) uses the comm system to inform the crew about their first mission. There is a massive lightning storm above Vulcan's upper atmosphere, followed by strange planet-wide seismic disturbances. Their orders are to investigate the seismic disturbance, and assist in evacuation of the planet if necessary. After hearing the announcement, Kirk suddenly recognizes the lightning storm detected near Vulcan as exactly the same occurrence the Kelvin encountered 25 years earlier. Realizing that they are running straight into a Romulan trap, Kirk rushes through the ship to Uhura, despite suffering a bad reaction to the vaccine McCoy gave him: huge, swollen hands and a numb tongue. He asks her about the Klingon distress call she deciphered earlier, and she confirms that the attackers were Romulan. The recovered Kirk then rushes to the bridge to inform Captain Pike. At first, Pike is skeptical, but after hearing about the distress call Uhura picked up, Spock concludes that Kirk's logic is correct. Uhura is stationed at the communications console on the bridge as, unlike assigned communications officer Hawkins, she can distinguish Romulan from Vulcan. As they disengage the warp drive, the Enterprise finds herself in a debris field--it's the remains of the seven Starfleet ships which arrived shortly before they did and were immediately destroyed by the Narada. With Pike's direction, Sulu is able to navigate through the debris with minimal damage. The Narada attacks the Enterprise, which takes heavy damage on the first volley of torpedoes, destroying the sickbay and reducing shields to 32%. Just as they are about to fire again, Nero recognizes the Enterprise and orders a stop to the attack. He hails the Enterprise and identifies himself. Seeing a Romulan, Pike accuses him of an act of war, but Nero says he is a renegade from the Romulan Star Empire. He pointedly greets a confused Spock and orders Pike to come aboard via shuttlecraft, just as he ordered Robau to do 25 years before. Pike asks if there are any hand-to-hand combat-trained officers on the bridge. Sulu volunteers. Pike gathers Sulu, Spock and Kirk and heads for the shuttle bay. Pike promotes Spock to captain and puts him in command of the Enterprise. He also commissions Kirk, naming him first officer, much to Spock's chagrin. Pike outlines his plan to do two things at once: from the shuttle en route to the Narada he will drop Kirk, Sulu and chief engineer Olsen into an orbital skydive. They will land on Narada's drill platform, which is deployed into the Vulcan atmosphere and is drilling a massive shaft to the core of Vulcan, causing the seismic disturbances that prompted the original distress signal. The drilling beam's signal also blocks any communication with the planet, as well as transporter beams. They will disable the drilling beam and then contact Starfleet to inform them of the incident. If all else fails, they are to fall back to the primary fleet at the Laurentian system. If Pike does not come back, they will also need to rescue him. Spock returns to the bridge and checks in on sickbay. He is surprised to hear Dr. McCoy instead of Dr. Puri, the chief medical officer, who was killed in the attack. Spock formally names McCoy chief medical officer, a duty McCoy had already assumed as he works in the sickbay, heavily damaged and inundated with casualties. Pike arrives on the Narada after Sulu, Kirk and Olsen begin their descent. Sulu opens his parachute first, followed by Kirk. Over-enthusiastic and wearing a red space suit, Olsen waits too long to activate his parachute, falls under the drill, and is instantly incinerated by the beam. Kirk lands hard on the platform and proceeds to fight the first Romulan who attacks him. He reaches for his phaser pistol, but the Romulan quickly knocks it out of his hand, forcing Kirk to use his helmet as a weapon. As Sulu approaches the platform, a second Romulan with a disruptor rifle emerges, and Kirk grapples with him. The resulting disruptor fire shoots holes in Sulu's chute, and he too nearly falls victim to the drill's beam. He uses the parachute's repacking mechanism to pull himself onto the platform, then uses his retractable sword to cut it off to avoid being pulled onto a flame vent and incinerated. Sulu engages one Romulan in blade combat while the other goes hand-to-hand against Kirk, who is knocked over and left hanging on the edge of the drillhead. Sulu knocks his adversary onto a vent, killing him. He then stabs the other one with his sword and pulls Kirk to safety. Olsen had the explosives they were going to use to destroy the platform, so they take the Romulans' disruptor rifles and fire on the drill, disabling it. Meanwhile, Ayel reports the drill's sabotage, but informs Nero that the shaft had reached Vulcan's core. Nero orders the release of a small amount of red matter and the return of the drill. Chekov discovers what the red matter is doing: creating a black hole in the middle of the planet. Vulcan will be destroyed in a matter of minutes. Just as Kirk and Sulu are to be beamed off, the drill shifts and Sulu falls. Kirk jumps after him. Catching up, Kirk activates his parachute but, unable to support the weight of two people, it snaps off. The Enterprise can't get a transporter lock on moving targets, so Chekov races to the transporter room and mathematically works out how to do it. The two officers are rescued just before they hit solid rock and arrive on the Enterprise's transporter pad. Right after Kirk and Sulu are beamed aboard, Spock beams down to save the Vulcan High Council, which includes his parents, Sarek and Amanda, in the ketric arc inside a mountain and unreachable by beaming. As they run outside, several of the elders in the High Council are killed by falling rocks and statues, but Spock gets five of them outside, including his parents. As the transporter is about to pick them up, the rock ledge his mother is standing on collapses, causing the transporter to miss her. Spock stands on the Enterprise's transporter pad in shock, having lost his mother. The Enterprise crew watch in horror as Vulcan implodes into oblivion. Spock records his log entry, stating that over six billion Vulcans perished, and only around 10,000 remain. He notes he is now a member of an endangered species. Still a prisoner of the Romulans, Pike is officially listed as the hostage of a war criminal. Nero demands Pike turn over the security codes to defense systems around Earth, but Pike refuses to give them to him, disgusted by Nero's act of genocide on Vulcan. Nero speaks about how the Narada, in his time, was a mining ship, and he was laboring to support his wife, who was expecting his child until she died in the destruction of Romulus. Nero placed blame on the Federation for doing nothing to save his planet, and accused Spock of betraying them, promising himself retribution. Pike pleads that Romulus still exists, but Nero only knows that his world, the Romulus of the future, was destroyed, and he intends to destroy every world of the Federation so that others will know his pain. Forcing a Centaurian slug down Pike's throat to coerce Pike to reveal the security codes, Nero orders the Narada to continue to Earth. In command of the Enterprise, Spock leads the bridge crew in trying to understand what happened. They have determined that the Narada is heading for Earth. Based on their red matter black hole technology, Spock reasons that the Narada must have traveled back in time from the future. He asserts that the Enterprise must regroup with the fleet, but Kirk says that in order to stop Nero, they must go after him first. Kirk believes that any delayed action will result in Earth being destroyed. An argument ensues which ends in Spock ordering Kirk's removal from the bridge, but Kirk fights off his security escort. Spock ends it by delivering the Vulcan nerve pinch to Kirk and ordering him placed in an escape pod. The pod is launched and Kirk awakens to find himself on a snow-covered world known as Delta Vega, another planet in Vulcan's system. Picking up his gear, Kirk heads for the Starfleet station 14 kilometers away. He is chased down by a polarilla, which in turn is attacked by an even larger insectoid animal. It chases Kirk into a cave, and when it finally attaches a tendril to catch him, it is spooked off by an elderly man wielding a lit torch. The man reveals himself to be Spock ( Leonard Nimoy ), Kirk's old friend, but the latter is skeptical. Spock mind-melds with Kirk to make Kirk understand why he is there. He explains that 129 years in the future, in the year 2387, the impending supernova of the star Hobus threatened to destroy the homeworlds of the Romulan Star Empire and throw off the political balance of the galaxy. Spock developed a stockpile of red matter, a substance that can be ignited to form a singularity--a black hole capable of absorbing the matter of a supernova. However, while he was en route, the star exploded much earlier than he had predicted and Romulus was destroyed. Spock launched the red matter from his ship, the Jellyfish, to prevent further destruction to the galaxy. Immediately, Spock was confronted by a surviving Romulan mining vessel, the Narada, captained by Nero. Spock tried to escape, but given by the mass of the supernova, the resultant black hole captured both the Jellyfish and the Narada, creating a disturbance in the space-time continuum which sent both ships into the past. The Narada exited over 150 years in the past, where it confronted the Kelvin. Spock's ship entered moments later, but what appeared as moments to him was 25 years for the Narada. Nero captured Spock's ship when it finally appeared but kept Spock alive, marooning him on Delta Vega so that he could witness the destruction of Vulcan, just as Nero had to witness the destruction of Romulus. Kirk explains he was left on the planet by the Spock he knows, who is in command of the Enterprise. The elder Spock is surprised, knowing that Kirk should be in command of the ship. It is then that Spock realizes that when Nero exited the wormhole and confronted the Kelvin, he altered history and created an alternate reality. However, Kirk asks Spock whether his father survived in the original timeline. Spock confirms that George Kirk saw his son take command of the Enterprise. Spock leads Kirk to the Starfleet base where they meet this timeline's Montgomery Scott ( Simon Pegg ): an engineering genius who was also exiled to Delta Vega along with his alien assistant, Keenser ( Deep Roy ), after beaming Admiral Archer's beagle to an unknown location during a transporter experiment. Spock informs Kirk that he must relieve the Vulcan's younger self of command by provoking him and showing everyone that Spock is too personally and emotionally compromised as a result of Vulcan's destruction and the loss of his mother to lead the mission and command the ship (Starfleet regulation 619). Giving Scotty the mathematical formula for transwarp beaming, an operation originally devised by the older Scotty, Spock sends Kirk and Scotty to the Enterprise. After rescuing Scotty from the Enterprise's coolant system, the two are spotted and almost immediately captured by security personnel, led by the man who got into a bar fight with Kirk three years previously. They are taken to the bridge where an astounded Spock demands to know how the two were able to transport to the Enterprise while it was in warp. Kirk refuses to answer and recommends that Scotty do the same. He asks why Spock does not feel any anger or have any emotion over the destruction of his planet and the death of his mother, who was murdered. Kirk keeps pushing and provoking Spock until he finally snaps and starts beating Kirk, strangling him to the point of nearly killing him, before he is stopped by Sarek. Realizing how far he has gone, Spock relieves himself of duty and leaves the bridge. Kirk assumes command. Following his outburst, Spock returns to the transporter room, where Sarek speaks to him. Spock feels a rage he cannot control over the death of his mother. Sarek says that his mother would have said not to bother doing such, and admits that he married Amanda because he loved her. Meanwhile, on the bridge, Chekov devises a plan to get the Enterprise close to the Narada without the Romulans detecting them: they can follow the Narada and stop at Saturn's system, remaining undetected in the shelter of magnetic field of the moon Titan. Spock returns and endorses the logic of Chekov's plan. He offers to beam over to the Narada to get the black hole device and save Earth, the only home he has left. Kirk says he will go as well, to rescue Pike. The Romulan ship deploys its drill directly over San Francisco and begins to bore into the planet near the Golden Gate Bridge. Warping into Titan's atmosphere, the Enterprise indeed remains undetected, and Kirk and Spock beam over to the Romulan ship--Scotty thought he would be beaming them to a remote and empty part of the ship, but it turns out to be an occupied portion. After a brief firefight, Spock uncovers the location of the black hole device and Captain Pike by melding with an unconscious Romulan. When they board the Jellyfish, she recognizes Spock as her captain. The Vulcan finally figures out what's going on when the ship's computer confirms her stardate origin as 2387. As Spock uses the Jellyfish to blast his way out of the Narada, Kirk runs into more trouble when he finds the Romulans' bridge, where Nero and Ayel are waiting. Spock destroys the drill before it can reach Earth's core, then goes to warp, and Nero orders pursuit. When Ayel holds Kirk by his throat over a deep drop, he grabs Ayel's pistol and kills him. He heads off to rescue Pike. Meanwhile, the ships drop out of warp and the Jellyfish turns to intercept and collide with the Narada. Nero orders all weapons to be fired, even though the ship still has red matter aboard; with his plan for revenge ruined, now he only wants to kill Spock. The Enterprise arrives on the scene and destroys the missiles, allowing Spock to carry through with his plan to collide with the Narada. Inside the Narada, Kirk finds Pike, alive but injured due to his earlier torture. Scotty beams Kirk, Pike and Spock from their different locations right before the Jellyfish collides with the interior hull of the Narada and explodes. The explosion of the Jellyfish ignites the entire stockpile of red matter on board, creating another black hole. Kirk offers to rescue the Narada but Nero refuses, defiantly stating he would rather watch Romulus die a thousand times than accept his help. Kirk orders the Enterprise to open fire, blowing the ship apart with phasers and photon torpedoes. The Narada is finally destroyed, but the gravitational pull of the black hole begins tugging on the Enterprise, keeping her from escaping, even with her engines running at warp speed. In a last-ditch effort, Scotty ejects the warp core and detonates it near the black hole. The resulting explosion pushes the Enterprise to safety, and the black hole implodes. On Earth, Kirk is commended and given command of the Enterprise. He relieves Pike, who has been promoted to Admiral and is now in a wheelchair. The elder Spock meets with his younger self and informs him that he helped Kirk directly so the two would form a friendship. The elder Spock raises his hand in the familiar live-long-and-prosper gesture, but notes that the unusual circumstances do not lend themselves to the famous greeting of the original series, so he simply wishes his younger self "Good luck." As the elder Spock leaves to help the remaining Vulcans establish a colony, the younger Spock returns to the Enterprise and asks Kirk if he can serve as his first officer, to which Captain Kirk agrees and the Enterprise warps away. 
 Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens (2015)871) As a new threat to the galaxy rises, Rey, a desert scavenger, and Finn, an ex-stormtrooper, must join Han Solo and Chewbacca to search for the one hope of restoring peace. 30 years after the defeat of Darth Vader and the Empire, Rey, a scavenger from the planet Jakku, finds a BB-8 droid that knows the whereabouts of the long lost Luke Skywalker. Rey, as well as a rogue stormtrooper and two smugglers, are thrown into the middle of a battle between the Resistance and the daunting legions of the First Order. Noah White A scavenger (Daisy Ridley) and a renegade stormtrooper (John Boyega) enlist the help of legendary smugglers/freedom fighters Han Solo (Harrison Ford) and Chewbacca to transport a droid carrying information regarding the whereabouts of long lost Jedi Master Luke Skywalker to General Leia Organa of the Resistance before it falls into the hands of Kylo Ren and the First Order. When critical information is placed into a simple droid, both the evil First Order and the heroic Resistance go searching for it. Then something neither of them planned for happens: Rey, a scavenger from the planet Jakku finds the droid and keeps it as her own. Finn, an ex-stormtrooper who hopes to leave his past behind him, crosses paths with her and breaks the news of what exactly the importance of the droid is. Next thing either of them know is that they are on the run in order to withhold the droid from the First Order. They meet a pair of old buddies and after a few skirmishes between them and the determined First Order, the droid is brought to the Resistance base. There, multiple plans are hatched against the First Order while the secret information on the droid is slowly and surely working itself out... 30 years ago the Empire was defeated and now a new threat, the First Order has risen from the ashes of the Empire. A scavenger called Rey has come into contact with a droid that contains a map to the legendary Luke Skywalker, who has vanished. Rey and a rogue stormtrooper called Finn find themselves in a monumental conflict between good and evil, that will see faces old and new. Thirty years after the Galactic Empire vanquished, a new threat rises. The First Order attempt to rule the Galaxy and only a small bunch of heroes have the ability to stop them. Meanwhile, a female scavenger named Rey teams up with a rogue stormtroopter to return a droid to the resistance base containing a map to a legendary Jedi Master. The Empire is no more. In its place, The First Order has risen from the ashes of Darth Vader's legacy and aims to consolidate its power across the galaxy. However, The First Order is trying to find Luke Skywalker, the last Jedi, and wipe him off the face of galaxy. In a desperate bid to bide time for Luke, The Resistance sends veteran X-Wing pilot Poe Dameron to find out Skywalker's location. In a race against time and tyranny, The First Order and The Resistance are trying to find the galaxy's greatest Jedi before it's too late. The fate of the universe hangs in the balance. Johnny Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Luke Skywalker has vanished. In his absence, the sinister FIRST ORDER has risen from the ashes of the Empire and will not rest until Skywalker, the last Jedi, has been destroyed. With the support of the REPUBLIC, General Leia Organa leads a brave RESISTANCE. She is desperate to find her brother Luke and gain his help in restoring peace and justice to the galaxy. Leia has sent her most daring pilot on a secret mission to Jakku, where an old ally has discovered a clue to Lukes whereabouts. The First Order, led by the evil Kylo Ren, is landing stormtroopers to attack a small village, as Poe Dameron meets with Lor San Tekka in a hut. He is given a small bag containing the map to Luke Skywalker. Kylo Ren orders the stormtroopers to destroy Lor San Tekka's entire village and takes Poe captive. Captain Phasma, a stormtrooper wearing chrome-plated armor, leads the attack. Kylo Ren wears a black mask and uses a red, fiery lightsaber. Poe's X-Wing is damaged so that he cannot escape, so the pilot puts the map in a rolling droid unit called BB-8. He fires at Kylo Ren, who uses the Force to block a blaster bolt. As Dameron is captured, the troopers massacre the prisoners, but one stormtrooper FN-2187, refuses to fire. Meanwhile BB-8 rolls away across the sands, narrowly escaping capture. The droid runs into Rey, a young scavenger who is barely surviving on Jakku. Rey scavenges parts from old wrecks of Star Destroyers on the sands of Jakku, and exchanges them for food at Unkar Plutt's scrap yard. The marks on the walls of her hut indicate she's been on Jakku for a very long time. She rescues BB-8 from a Teedo scavenger. She can understand his beeps and whistles, and offers him shelter for the night. On the First Order destroyer, Poe is unsuccessfully interrogated by the First Order. Kylo Ren is called in to use his Force powers to extract information from Poe about the whereabouts of the map. Poe resists, but ultimately divulges that the map is still on Jakku in his BB-8 unit. Meanwhile Captain Phasma confronts FN-2187 about his behavior on Jakku. She orders him to take his unused blaster in for inspection and report to her division and ultimately reconditioning. Instead FN-2187 decides to run away. He needs a pilot to escape the star destroyer, so he rescues Poe, and the two board a black First Order TIE fighter and escape. Poe renames FN-2187 as Finn, and expertly pilots to an escape while Finn fires the ship's blasters. The fighter is hit by lasers from the destroyer and crash lands on Jakku. Finn has ejected but it appears Poe has gone down with the ship leaving only his jacket. Finn wanders across the desert discarding his stormtrooper armor. Eventually, he arrives in Niima Outpost, the town where Rey trades scrap for food. While Finn is looking for water in the town, he sees Rey being accosted by two of Unkar Plutt's henchmen who are trying to make off with BB-8. He begins to rush to her aid, but before he gets far, Rey handily fights off her attackers using her staff. Clearly, she can handle herself. BB-8 spots Finn looking their way, and tells Rey that he is wearing Poe's jacket which they assume is stolen. Rey chases Finn down, knocks him to the ground and confronts Finn about the jacket. Finn tells them that Poe was captured by the First Order and that he helped him escape, but Poe was unfortunately killed. BB-8 is saddened and rolls off , but Rey is excited and impressed, and assumes Finn is a resistance fighter. Finn lies, telling her he is indeed with the resistance. Rey excitedly tells Finn that BB-8 is on a secret mission. Finn tells her BB-8 is carrying a map to Luke Skywalker and Rey is even more impressed, declaring that she thought Skywalker was a myth. BB-8 returns and alerts Finn and Rey that they are in trouble. First Order stormtroopers are now looking for Finn and the BB-8 droid. Stormtroopers chase Finn, Rey and BB-8 through Niima Outpost and TIE fighters are called in and begin to bomb and strafe the town. To make their escape, they steal a "garbage" vehicle to escape the First Order. It is the Millennium Falcon. Rey takes the pilot's seat while Finn mans the guns. Neither is confident in their abilities, and their lift off is rough, destroying a substantial portion of the town as they try to get off of the ground. Finn is able to shoot down a pursuing fighter, but the guns are hit and locked in a position that prevents him from taking out the remaining fighter. Rey flies through the wrecked ships in the desert of Jakku, occasionally scraping through the sands as they try to keep low to confuse the TIE fighter's tracking. Rey takes the Falcon into one of the Star Destroyers and just as the pursuing fighter locks onto their ship, she turns the Falcon out into the open, and performs a flip which allows Finn to fire successfully at the remaining fighter, taking it down. They head off, away from Jakku, and on toward the wider galaxy. Not having flown in years, the Falcon is not in good repair, and almost immediately requires an emergency patch. Rey begins repairing the ship while Finn admits to BB-8 he is not part of the resistance, but is still able to convince BB-8 to tell them where the Resistance base is. The Falcon is then captured and pulled into a larger ship. Finn is afraid they have been recaptured by the First Order. As the Falcon is boarded, he and Rey hide in a secret compartment, but the boarding party is actually Han Solo and Chewbacca. Rey knows the history of the ship, and how to repair and fly it. Han is impressed, but the ship is then boarded by two more smuggler parties. Han is trying his hand at smuggling again, this time by carrying some menacing Rathtars. Han tries to talk his way out of his debts with the two smuggling groups while Rey and Finn escape. Rey tries to close blast doors to save Han, but instead opens the doors to the Rathtar containers. The Rathtars attack and eat the smugglers and almost get Finn, but Rey saves him by closing a door on the creature's tentacles, severing them. The heros escape in the Millennium Falcon and leave their attackers behind. The new-found allies travel to the green planet of Takodana to seek help from Maz Kanata, an orange skinned alien. There they are spotted in the cantina by both First Order and Resistance spies. Kylo Ren sends forces to re-capture the map. Finn, still fearful of being recaptured by the First Order, admits that he is not part of the Resistance and decides to run by joining a crew heading for the outer rim. Meanwhile Rey is drawn to the lower floor of the cantina by the sound of a girl crying and opens a box to discover Luke Skywalkers lightsaber lost at Cloud City. When she touches the lightsaber she experiences a frightening vision. The dream has the voices of old Jedi like Obi-Wan Kenobi and Yoda. It flashes by quickly. She sees the hallways of Cloud City, a vision of Skywalker and R2-D2, a vision of Kylo Ren surrounded by bodies, thrusting his saber through the chest of a mysterious figure, a vision of herself being abandoned as a child on Jakku and finally she sees Ren pursing her in a snowy forest. On Starkiller Base, a snowy, mountainous planet, General Hux addresses legions of First Order stormtroopers. He angrily declares the death of the Republic. The planet has a massive trench around the equator, and a continent-sized aperture. The base fires a massive red beam from the center of the planet, traveling across space, and splitting into four separate beams which destroy individual planets. We see crowds of people on populated planets look up into the sky to witness the conflagration as their planet is destroyed. Rey is frightened by her vision and refuses Luke's lightsaber, running out into the forest of Takodana. Finn and the others look to the sky as the red beams can be seen destroying the other Republic planets. The First Order begin landing troops, including Kylo Ren's V-winged ship. Maz gives the lightsaber to Finn. As the stormtroopers attack Finn uses the lightsaber to fight back, but is knocked down by another stormtrooper (unnamed, but popularly referred to as TR-8R). The stormtroopers capture Han, Chewbacca and Finn. Rey tries to use the blaster given to her by Han Solo, but inexperienced and frightened she fumbles with the safety and fires wild shots giving away her position. Overwhelmed she runs deeper into the forest. BB-8 follows, and she tells him to go further on while she tries to fight off their pursuers. Kylo Ren tracks down Rey in the woods. He chases her through the forest easily fending off her desperate attempts to fire on him with the blaster. She backs away, but he stops her, using the Force to hold her still. Ren uses the Force to read her mind and discovers that she has seen the map to Luke Skywalker's location. He decides he no longer needs BB-8, so he knocks her out and carries her off in his ship, as Finn watches. The Resistance X-wing fighters arrive, finishing off the last troops. A troop ship lands carrying General Leia Organa and C-3P0. Han and Leia are reunited, but their relations are tense. It is revealed that Kylo Ren is actually their son. The heroes return to the Resistance Base, where Finn is reunited with Poe Dameron, who was not killed by the crash on Jakku. BB-8 is reunited with R2-D2 and C-3P0, but R2-D2 has been in shut down since Luke left many years before. The Resistance fighters begin to plan an attack on the Starkiller Base to avoid being wiped out. Finn wants to rescue Rey, and claims he once worked at Starkiller Base and knows how to knock out the shields. Han and Leia say their goodbyes as the X-wings led by Poe Dameron prepare to attack a weak point on the base. As they part Leia asks Han to bring their son home if he sees him. On Starkiller Base, Rey wakes to find her self locked in an interrogation chair like the one we have seen earlier in Poe's interrogation scene. Kylo Ren and she converse, and he removes his mask, revealing his face to her; he is a young and handsome man. Ren uses the Force to read Rey's mind. He senses her lonely life on Jakku, her dreams of a far away island and the closeness she feels towards Han Solo. She reacts with hostility but seems unable to keep him from reading her thoughts. When he tries to extract the information about the map from her mind, however, he runs up against an unexpected barrier. Rey is not only able to resist his further probing, but pushes back into Ren's mind, and tells him that he is afraid that he will never be as strong as Darth Vader. Ren is shaken by this and by her obvious strength with the Force, and he runs away to meet with Snoke in search of guidance on how to proceed. Kylo Ren and General Hux are scolded for not retrieving the droid, and Ren's inability to crack Rey's mind, by the Supreme Leader, who is only revealed as a massive hologram of an old and scarred man seated on a throne towering over them. Rey now understands that she has some Force talent, and uses the mind-trick power to escape from the stormtrooper guarding her cell. She sneaks through the Starkiller Base to the hanger to escape. Meanwhile, Han and Chewie come out of hyperspace on the planet in order to evade the shields, and crash land in the snowy forest. Finn reveals he does not know how to disable the shields; he only came back to rescue Rey. They capture Captain Phasma and force her to lower the shields. Finn, Han and Chewbacca head off to find Rey, but quickly discover that she has freed herself when they spot her scaling a wall of the base. They rush to meet her. She is surprised that they would come back for her, and embraces Finn when she learns from Chewbacca that it was Finn's idea that they come to the base to save her. Poe and the X-Wing fighters arrive and begin to land torpedos on the weak point, but it is not enough. Han and Chewbacca improvise a plan to plant explosives to blow it up instead. They split up to lay explosives in separate locations. Kylo Ren finds that Rey has escaped and is very angry. He searches the base for Rey. He stalks off onto a catwalk where Han spots him. Han approaches him on the catwalk, calling him Ben. He asks his son to return with him, and Ren offers his lightsaber, but then activates it and kills his father, pushing him off into the pit. Chewbacca, having watched the entire conversation, fires on Ren, hitting him in the side, and then detonates the explosives. Kylo Ren confronts Finn and Rey in the snowy forest. Ren is bleeding from his wound, but ignites his red fiery saber to fight. Rey raises her blaster to fire on Ren, but he throws her against a tree with a Force push and she lies unconscious in the snow. Finn rushes to her aid and then uses the blue lightsaber to fight Ren. Finn quickly finds himself outmatched. He manages to touch Ren with the saber, but this only enrages him. Rey is revived by the sound of Finn's screams as he is burned by Ren's saber. Ren easily disarms Finn, tossing the saber off into the snow. He then uses the Force to pull the lightsaber to himself. It hurtles towards him but then flies past. Ren turns to discover the saber in Rey's hands. They begin to fight. Rey initially fights unsuccessfully and desperately, and begins to run from Ren. He pursues her and pins her against the edge of a cliff. Ren offers to teach her the Force, but this only ends up reminding her to tap into its power. She closes her eyes for a moment of meditation and then attacks Ren with a new vigor and power. She rapidly gains the upper hand, extinguishes Ren's saber and cuts him on the arm and across the face. Meanwhile Poe Dameron and the X-Wing pilots fly into the Star Killer base trench, destroying the rest of the base. The planet begins to collapse and explode. A chasm opens between Ren and Rey as the planet continues to fall apart. Chewbacca arrives in the Millennium Falcon to pick up both Finn and Rey. The Falcon and X-Wings escape as the Starkiller Base explodes. Back at the Resistance base, Leia and Rey embrace in sadness, standing apart from the celebration of the rest of the Resistance base. Back at the Resistance Base, R2-D2 awakens and reveals the missing part of the map to Lukes location. Finn is still unconscious, and Rey tells him goodbye while he rests. Rey and Chewbacca leave in the Falcon, Rey taking the pilot's seat. They fly to the planet indicated by the map, where Rey carefully climbs a rocky island. When she reaches the top, she finds an old cloaked and bearded Jedi with a metal hand. It is Luke Skywalker. Rey wordlessly offers him the lightsaber. 
 Ready Player One (2018)761) When the creator of a virtual reality called the OASIS dies, he makes a posthumous challenge to all OASIS users to find his Easter Egg, which will give the finder his fortune and control of his world. In the year 2045, the real world is a harsh place. The only time Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan) truly feels alive is when he escapes to the OASIS, an immersive virtual universe where most of humanity spends their days. In the OASIS, you can go anywhere, do anything, be anyone-the only limits are your own imagination. The OASIS was created by the brilliant and eccentric James Halliday (Mark Rylance), who left his immense fortune and total control of the Oasis to the winner of a three-part contest he designed to find a worthy heir. When Wade conquers the first challenge of the reality-bending treasure hunt, he and his friends-aka the High Five-are hurled into a fantastical universe of discovery and danger to save the OASIS. Warner Bros. In the year 2045, on his death bed James Halliday, the creator of a wildly popular virtual reality utopia known as the OASIS, begins a hunt for his fortune and ownership of the whole VRMMO world with puzzles and riddles based on Halliday's obsession with pop culture of decades past. After years of searching for Haliday's "Easter Egg," one average teenager named Wade Watts solves the first clue, he sparks excitement and hope back to the hunt, and throwing him into a world of people willing to kill for the information he has, changing his life forever. ahmetkozan In the year 2045, people can escape their harsh reality in the OASIS, an immersive virtual world where you can go anywhere, do anything, be anyone--the only limits are your own imagination. OASIS creator James Halliday left his immense fortune and control of the Oasis to the winner of a contest designed to find a worthy heir. When unlikely hero Wade Watts conquers the first challenge of the reality-bending treasure hunt, he and his friends--known as the High Five--are hurled into a fantastical universe of discovery and danger to save the OASIS and their world. In a not-so-distant and gloomy 2045, the late James Halliday's parallel virtual universe euphemistically called the "Oasis", alleviates the burden of a depressing daily life, with millions of online users preferring the vast and colourful cyberworld over their dystopian reality. As anyone can be anything he desires within the Oasis, the dedicated gamer, Wade Watts--or, better yet, Parzival, after his avatar--is obsessed with finding an elusive Easter Egg hidden meticulously inside the code, to inherit not only an immense fortune but also the game's total control. Three trials, three keys, a cut-throat competition, and an army of professional no-joke players who only want the same thing. Can Wade pull off a surprising victory? Nick Riganas In 2045, people seek regular escape from life through the virtual reality entertainment universe OASIS, co-created by James Halliday and Ogden Morrow of Gregarious Games. After Halliday's death, a recorded message left by his avatar Anorak announces a game, granting ownership of OASIS to the first to find the Golden Easter egg within it, which is locked behind a gate requiring three keys. The contest has lured a number of 'gunters', or egg hunters, and the interest of Nolan Sorrento, the CEO of Innovative Online Industries (IOI) who seeks to control OASIS himself. IOI uses a number of indentured servants and employees called "Sixers" to find the egg. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. We open in a place called "The Stacks", in Columbus Ohio, in the year 2045. The-low-income community is filled with a number of precariously stacked trailers and vehicles, where Wade Watts (Tye Sheridan) lives with his Aunt Alice (Susan Lynch), and her boyfriend Rick (Ralph Ineson). With the real world in such an impoverished state and no one really caring to do anything about it, Wade finds himself like millions of people, escaping into The OASIS (Ontologically Anthropocentric Sensory Immersive Simulation), a virtual reality world where people can enter as avatars to play video games, entertain themselves, and seek pleasures they can't find so easily in the real world. Created by James Halliday (Mark Rylance) and Ogden Morrow (Simon Pegg) of Gregarious Games, The OASIS is a place where one can do anything and be anyone (or anything). However, like a video game, if you accumulate stuff in THE OASIS and your avatar dies, you end up losing everything. Wade's avatar in this world is named Parzival, and he frequently interacts with Aech (Lena Waithe), a huge muscular mechanic, as well as the samurai Daito (Win Morisaki) and fighter Sho (Philip Zhao), although he has never met any of them in person. One of Wade's hobbies, is trying to decipher a contest that James Halliday created before he died. After his death, a video was sent out, telling how he had hidden an Easter egg within the Oasis. There would be three challenges to win (presided over by Halliday's avatar, Anorak the all-knowing), each one having a specific key. Whomever gets all three keys and receives the egg, would inherit Halliday's personal fortune of $500 billion, and gain total control over THE OASIS. While many egg hunters (nicknamed "Gunters") have teamed up to search, Wade mostly searches on his own. Their main competition comes from Gregarious Games' main competition: IOI (Innovative Online Industries). Though mostly making their money off of products and other gear to allow one into THE OASIS, the company's CEO Nolan Sorrento (Ben Mendelsohn) wants to find the egg to increase the amount of influence and money IOI can make from the virtual world. A number of persons eagerly searched for the keys, but in five years, the only thing uncovered was the first challenge: a racing game through a simulated New York City. Wade and Aech attempt go on another race through the event, but like always, no one can get past King Kong near the end of the challenge. During the race Wade is also entranced by a female racer on a bike from the film "Akira." He soon finds out that this is Art3mis (Olivia Cooke), a well-known gamer and "sixer-fixer." Wade convinces Aech to help Art3mis repair her bike after the race. In Aech's garage, Wade and Art3mis discuss Halliday and his challenge. While Wade claims he'd use the money to buy things, Artemis claims he's really afraid to 'zero-out' and lose all his stuff. Art3mis' words stick in Wade's head, and then goes to the Halliday Journals, a place in THE OASIS that is like a personal shrine to Halliday. With assistance from a mechanical Curator (Simon Pegg), Wade observes a memory in which Halliday and Morrow have a discussion about the future of their creation. Halliday claims he hates rules, and wishes they could "just go backwards." The next time Wade enters the first challenge, he throttles his Delorean Time Machine vehicle backwards, and uncovers a secret roadway, that leads him underneath the challenge, past Kong, and to Central Park. He then meets Anorak, who rewards him with the Copper Key, 100,000 coins, and a clue. Wade takes his newfound winnings, and goes on a shopping spree, before telling of the challenge's secret to Art3mis, Aech, Daito, and Sho. In his spare time, Wade ponders the clue about "a creator who hates his own creation" and "a leap not taken," but draws a blank. At IOI, a number of board members explain to Sorrento their worry now that Parzival's name is on the board. However, the businessman is fairly certain there is nothing to worry about, in their quest to get more money from THE OASIS. Even so, Sorrento goes into THE OASIS, where he meets up with a bounty hunter called I-R0k (T.J. Miller). After collecting a powerful item called the Orb of Osuvox from him, Sorrento then hires I-ROk to take out Parzival. Wade's next visit to the Halliday Journals has him mobbed by a number of fans, until Art3mis shows up, and helps disguise him. The two then go into the Journals, and view a recording of a meeting between Halliday and Morrow before THE OASIS went live. In the memory, Halliday tells how he took a woman named Karen Underwood (Perdita Weeks) on a date, but while she wanted to go dancing, he took her to a movie instead. Kira eventually married Morrow, though Wade notes that even though she seemed to be important to both their lives, this is the only mention of her name he's found in the Journals. The Curator debates this, but finds the analysis to be true. Wade is rewarded with a quarter, and an invitation by Art3mis to go to The Distracted Globe, a special club that was designed by Halliday. While Wade is excited to hang out with Art3mis, Aech cautions him that she may be using him, or that Art3mis could be "a dude." At the Distracted Globe, Art3mis leads Wade out onto a zero-g dance floor, thinking "the leap not taken" may be tied to having the Copper Key, AND leaping into the void. This doesn't work, but during the time in zero-g, Wade begins to confess his feelings to Art3mis, eventually even telling her his real name (which happens to be overheard by i-R0k!). Before the bounty hunter can strike, IOI crashes the party, attempting to assassinate Wade. He and Art3mis manage to escape, but almost at the cost of their own lives. Art3mis confesses how her father died in an IOI "Loyalty Center," trying to pay off debt, and that she can't afford to be distracted from trying to find the egg, and possibly stopping further harm happening to others. i-R0k does more research, and soon gives Sorrento Wade's full information. Per the IOI Board of Directors, Sorrento has wade's avatar piped into his office. Sorrento offers Wade plenty of things, including a$25 million bonus if he helps the company find the egg. However, Wade isn't swayed by the offers, and declines...but not before Sorrento confesses that he knows where Wade lives, and is going to destroy his home! Wade rushes out of his secret hiding place to warn his Aunt and her boyfriend, but is too late, as the stack their home is atop explodes, and crashes to the ground! Wade next tries to contact his friends, but is knocked out by an unknown man with a face tattoo. When he awakens, Wade finds himself face-to-face with Art3mis, whose real name is Samantha Cook. She and several others are headquartered not far from The Stacks and IOI. While she seems upset about a large birthmark on her face, Wade tells her that he doesn't care about it. As they talk in private, Samantha suddenly thinks she may know what the first challenge's clue meant! Getting their friends together, the group head back to the Journals, and inquire about the films that Halliday might have taken Kira to on her date. One that stands out to Wade is "The Shining." Much like the clue, it's creator (author Stephen King) hated it's creation. The group go into the film's Overlook Hotel, courtesy of the Curator. Aech braves a number of terrifying scenarios, but they question their first assumption that a particular key in the film may be what they are looking for, when they hear music coming from one of the rooms. It is here they encounter Kira, dancing with a number of zombies over a large pit. Art3mis then realizes "the leap not taken," was Halliday talking about not taking the step to be with Kira! Eventually, she makes her way through the zombies, and asks Kira to dance. This reveals Anorak, who then offers her The Jade Key, and the next clue. The rest of the group (dubbing themselves "the High Five") soon get their own Jade Key, before being followed in by a hoard of Sixers, who then are set upon by the terrors of "The Shining." This latest revelation also reveals to Sorrento that Wade is still alive. Sending out his associate F'Nale Zandor (Hannah John-Kamen) to try and track down the group. She eventually finds one of Samantha's associates, and trails him to her secret hideout! Wade attempts to get Samantha to escape with him, but she sacrifices herself so he can get away, and alerts their friends to help him. F'Nale then confronts Samantha, and claims that IOI is now in possession of her "outstnding debts," earning her a ticket to the one place the girl fears most: IOI's Loyalty Centers. Meanwhile, Wade has been found and picked up by his friends. Aech (whose real name is Helen) helps him escape in a modified postal truck, where he meets Daito (real name Toshiro), and Sho (named Shoto). During this time, IOI cracked the third challenge, and determined it leads to Castle Anorak, on Planet Doom in THE OASIS. It is here the final challenge is revealed: an Atari 2600 with every game ever made for the console...but only one will unlock the final key. Sorrento then has the Orb of Osuvox activated, shielding the castle from anyone getting in, while a number of Loyalty Center employees (including Samanta), set explosive charges outside the front entrance of the place. To save Samantha, Wade tells Aech what he recalls of Sorrento's office, and they create a digital-double of the place, hijacking his online feed before he can return to the real world! Sorrento gives the group information on Samantha's workstation, and they manage to get her out. However, knowing what IOI has done to the castle, she stays in the facility, and tries to find a way to undo the orb. Wade and his friends then broadcast a message across the Oasis, telling of what Sorrento has done, and requesting those who believe in what's right, come to Planet Doom to help them. This leads to a massive group of persons doing battle against IOI forces, as Samantha manages to bring the orb's protection down. Getting outside, she manages to meet up with Wade, but not before Sorrento unleashes his Mecha-Godzilla armored suit against the. Aech uses her Iron Giant persona and Daito gains control of a Gundam suit for 60 seconds, but both fail to make a dent in the massive creature. However, Samantha manages to use a Madball/bomb thrown into the head, to take down Sorrento. Sorrento then goes on a mad rampage through hi facility, certain that Samantha is there. To save her, Wade kills her character in THE OASIS, and she escapes outside, soon encountering the others. Back in the game, Wade and Sho manage to make it to the final challenge. As they watch one Sixer play the game "Adventure," he wins...but then falls through some ice! Wade claims he knows how to get the final key, when Sorrento and i-R0k show up. Sorrento makes one more offer to Wade, but threatens to unleash a weapon called "The Cataclysm," that will wipe out every avatar on Planet Doom! Wade attempts to stop the madman, but he sets off the device! In the aftermath, Wade finds out he is still alive. Apparently, the quarter the Curator gave him, was an Extra Life token! Wade then begins to play Adventure, and THE OASIS then begins to broadcast what he's doing. Wade explains that the goal of the final challenge, is to find the hidden Easter egg in the game (which some consider to be one of the first in video game history!). This reveals Anorak, and the final Crystal Key. It is at this point that IOI and their forces have found Aech and her truck. Wade calls out to anyone in the area to meet them at The Stacks. In THE OASIS, he manages to unlock a large door with his keys, and is then given papers to sign...but hesitates. Wade claims this is similar to when Halliday made Morrow sign over his shares of the company. When Wade refuses to sign, Anorak becomes Halliday, and the chamber becomes Halliday's childhood room. The room contains a special button, that if pressed, will erase the entire OASIS. Halliday also gives Wade the Easter egg, while telling him that while the virtual world can be good from time-to-time, the real world, and interacting with real people, is just as important. The group makes it to The Stacks, but not before Sorrento knocks them off-balance. He almost kills them, when he sees the glint of the Easter egg in Wade's VR goggles. It is at this time that the Police arrive, and arrest Sorrento and F'Nale. Shortly after this Ogden Morrow shows up, along with some lawyers from Gregarious Games, wanting Wade's signature. However, he claims he wants to split the prize with his friends. Ogden also reveals that he was the Curator, and commends Wade for his detective work. In the aftermath of the contest, Ogden comes to work with them in overseeing THE OASIS (his fee: twenty-five cents). They also ban any Loyalty Centers from doing business in THE OASIS, and IOI is forced to shut them all down. Taking Halliday's advice to experience the real world, the group also shuts THE OASIS off on Tuesdays and Thursdays. 