nm0011977:

 Barbaros: Sword of the Mediterranean (2021 )Summaries TRT's historical drama, based on the life of "Barbaros" Hayreddin Pasha and his brothers. The series tells the adventures of Ishak, Oruc, Hizir, and Ilyas fighting high tides and the secrets of the seas in pursuit of the holy secret. Barbaros: Sword of the Mediterranean will take viewers on a historic journey across the Ottoman Empire based on the life of 16th-century Ottoman admiral "Barbaros" Hayreddin Pasha and the adventures of four brothers who become seafarers. The drama series retells this adventure through the stories of four brothers; Ishak, Oruc, Hizir, and Ilyas, fighting high tides and the secrets of the seas. It focuses on their pursuit of a holy secret with the help of Master Suleyman, and during the course of their journey, they make enemies in, Pietro; the Pope's hand reaching out to the Mediterranean who is also pursuing the secret and organizes an attack against their ship. But this doesn't stop the brothers and they continue their original quest to find the holy secret all the while fighting their enemies at high tides. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ashyak Wad Fi Roxy (1999)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hysteria (1996)Summaries Zain, a graduate of the Higher Institute of Music, lives with his mother, his brother Ramzi and his sister Houria, who suffers from living conditions after the death of their father 15 years ago, and while the family refuses to marry the neighbor of their neighbor, Rizk, Zain welcomes his belief that they love each other sincerely. Poor physical condition and his desperate attempts to work on the subway as a singer in front of passers-by or working with a submerged orchestra, Fawzia bint Radwan Pasha is in love with Zain but her rich father refuses to marry Zain poor. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Baby Doll Night (2008)Summaries Hossam returns home to Cairo for New Year's Eve after a year's separation from his wife. At the airport, his plans for a romantic night (and to conceive a child) are thwarted by several events, including a terrorist plot. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 