nm0000098:

 We're the Millers (2013)541) A veteran pot dealer creates a fake family as part of his plan to move a huge shipment of weed into the U.S. from Mexico. After being robbed of a week's take, small-time pot dealer David is forced by his boss to go to Mexico to pick up a load of marijuana. In order to improve his odds of making it past the border, David asks the broke stripper Rose and two local teenagers to join him and pretend they're on a family holiday. Peter Brandt Nielsen A pot dealer gets his drug money stolen by a street thug, and now he has to create a fake family in order to bring a huge shipment of weed from Mexico to the US. The drug dealer hires Rose, a stripper, for "drug smuggling". In the red, she accedes to the plan to pose as the wife to go in the black. He also recruits two teenagers to pose as children. Now, he must get past customs and hilarious encounters, especially with a real family. gamergcfan If you're a soccer mom in search of some reefer, David Burke (Sudeikis) is just the man to talk to. He certainly isn't the biggest dealer in town, but he's discreet, and aims to please. When David attempts to perform a good deed and gets robbed in the process, however, his supplier Brad (Ed Helms) is none too happy. Now, in order to pay Brad back before the hammer drops, David must retrieve a big drug shipment from Mexico and sneak back across the border undetected. It's a risky job for sure, but with the help of a few neighbors David might just pull it off. With sardonic stripper Rose (Jennifer Aniston) assuming the role of housewife, teenage misfit Kenny (Will Poulter) posing as the awkward son, and rebellious Casey (Emma Roberts) filling in as his sister, David slips on some khakis, and starts heading south. Meanwhile, as David tries to convince himself that the border patrol wouldn't give a second glance at such a typical suburban family, the shipment -- and the stakes -- both prove greater than anticipated.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. David Clarke (Jason Sudeikis) is sitting on his couch watching funny YouTube videos when he starts getting hit up for weed. He goes around town making the deliveries while scoring a large amount of cash. That evening, David runs into an old college friend named Rick Nathanson (Thomas Lennon). Rick mentions his life as a family man and wonders why David hasn't gotten around to settling down. David gives him some pot as a gift and sends him off. Rose O'Reilly (Jennifer Aniston) is at her job at the strip joint. She's talking to a particularly dim co-stripper named Kymberly (Laura-Leigh), who tells her that her stage name is "Boner Garage" (with a tattoo pointing down below to prove it). Their boss Todd (Ken Marino) tells Rose to go tend to a customer with two hook hands. David and Rose meet up at their apartment. David tries to start some small talk, but Rose is not interested in anything he has to say and tells him he is not a neighbor, he's a drug dealer. He hands her a bit of her mail that he got, reminding her that her rent is due. As Rose goes to her apartment, a dorky kid named Kenny (Will Poulter) comes in to say hi to David and also asks to buy weed, but he refuses to sell to him because he is a kid. Outside, Kenny sees some punks harassing a young woman. He tries to be the hero and defend her, but he only gets attacked. David intervenes and tries get Kenny out of there, but he stupidly blabs out to the punks that David is a drug dealer. David and Kenny make a run for it. David runs through a fire escape and tries to throw his backpack full of drugs and money into a dumpster below and jump in after it, but the backpack knocks dumpster lid closed and he falls hard on his back. The punks assault him, go to his apartment, and rob him of his entire drug stash and money. The next morning, David is at a diner where he keeps getting phone calls from someone named Brad Gurdlinger. On his way out, he is tased and captured by two goons. He is taken all the way to the home of Brad (Ed Helms), David's distributor, complete with an aquarium featuring a killer whale. Brad knows David got robbed, but he offers him a chance to redeem himself. He instructs him to go to Mexico to pick up a "smidge (and a half)" of weed for "Pablo Chacon" (Brad's alias) and bring it back by Sunday night, which is 4th of July. Brad tells David he will pay him $100,000 and reminds David that he does not have a choice. David tells Kenny about his dilemma. He suggests using a disguise, but David thinks it's a stupid idea. That's when a family man in an RV pulls up to ask David and Kenny for directions to the zoo. David insults them and tells them to fuck off, but a cop offers directions. That's when the idea hits David, and he comes up with a plan. He runs to the strip joint to ask Rose for help with the plan, in which he will have her pose as his wife so that they can look like a regular family crossing the border to Mexico to pick up the weed without arousing suspicion, and in return, he would give Rose $10,000. Rose adamantly refuses. However, David convinces Kenny to come along just for the ride. He even finds the girl from the night before, Casey (Emma Roberts), and hires her for $1,000, believing her to be homeless. Back at the strip joint Rose is told by Todd that he wants her to start having sex with customers for payment, making Rose angry enough to quit. When she gets home, she finds an eviction notice on her door. David, Kenny, and Casey all head off to the airport the next day to fly down to Arizona to pick up the motorhome and drive into Mexico. David introduces the three of them as the Millers. It starts off rocky when Casey makes a snide joke in front of the flight attendant. They are joined by Rose, to David's surprise. As Rose puts her bag in the overhead compartment, Kenny accidentally presses his face against her breasts, which somehow causes him to accidentally smack Casey in the face, inciting an argument among the whole "family". David pulls them all to the back, where he doubts Rose's ability to pull off the act, but she surprises them when she makes them all appear to be praying to throw off suspicion from the flight attendant. The group arrives in Tucson where they're presented with an RV of their own to cross the border. On the road, Casey spots a fireworks stand, so she and Kenny beg David, as if they were children, to grab some fireworks. He tells them all straight up that this is just a job and that they are not really a family. However, he goes back to get a single firework to satisfy them. They manage to get through and head to pick up the weed, arriving at a drug ranch. David says he is picking up for Pablo Chacon, but is alarmed to discover that the "smidge and a half" of weed is actually close to two metric tons. He calls up Brad to complain, but he only mocks him and reminds him to bring it back by Sunday. Meanwhile, Kenny is given a fruit basket by the mother of a one-eyed goon, unaware that a large tarantula is crawling in there. The group heads back to the border with weed in nearly every compartment where it can be hidden. They are stopped by a cop (Luis Guzman), who remarks that he saw them coming from Pablo Chacon's ranch, and he will not arrest them under the condition of a bribe. He asks for $1,000. David says they don't have that amount, so the cop then suggests that they provide him with an intimate favor. David tells Rose to suck the cop off, but she refuses. The cop tells her she has nothing to worry about because he prefers the company of another man, so Rose tells David to "suck his dick." David smiles sheepishly and try's to convince Kenny to go through with it for the ladies. The cop comes out as Kenny is preparing himself, but the cop says he meant he wanted $1,000 pesos, which, as David guesses, is roughly 80 American dollars. He gives him $100 and grabs Kenny and leaves. On the way back to the border, the group passes another family in an RV, the Fitzgeralds - Don (Nick Offerman), Edie (Kathryn Hahn), and their daughter Melissa (Molly Quinn), whom Kenny is instantly smitten with. As they inch closer to the border, they spot a vehicle that is pulled over and caught with a joint. The driver is then viciously assaulted by the officers at the border, alarming the group just as a pound of weed falls in Rose's lap. She quickly covers it up, leading Edie to think she has a baby. David tells the group to calm down and put on sombreros to appear like a family. He drops his smile as he grows nervous. The officer at the front asks the group to step out. Before he can search the RV, a bunch of Mexicans crawl from under the RV and make a run for it. The officer pardons the group since this happens often. David is ecstatic to have made it out of there, but he drives so fast that he causes the RV to heat up and break down. Rose and Casey walk off in frustration. As they walk down the road, Casey admits to Rose that she is not homeless, but that she prefers to stay with her friends instead of being home. They nearly start arguing when Casey makes a snide remark about Rose's stripping profession, but they are picked up by the Fitzgeralds, who have already picked up David and Kenny (and the pound of weed), along with the broken down RV in tow. On their way to a garage, Edie asks David how he and Rose met. He describes a memory he had of Rose when he admired how she looked, sounding very sincere and genuine, almost touching Rose. He ruins it when he recalls accidentally wrecking a painting done by Rose's grandfather. He also unintentionally discovers that Don is a DEA agent. The garage turns out to be closed for the night, so the Fitzgeralds resolve for the "Millers" to camp with them for the night. Edie wants to hold Rose's "baby", but Rose panics to the point where she tosses the pound into the street, where it is run over by a truck, scaring the absolute shit out of Edie. Casey saves them when she says this was part of a school experiment. The real Pablo Chacon (Tomer Sisley) arrives to his ranch to pick up the stash of weed with an average-looking guy with him. When he is told that another "gringo with a haircut like a donkey" has already picked up the weed, Pablo brings his one-eyed goon with him to track the family down. That evening, during a game of Pictionary, David and Rose plot to steal Don's RV keys while he and Edie are asleep. As Melissa is up to draw, she is upset when her parents can't guess what she's drawing. Kenny goes up to make her feel better with his terrible drawing of a skateboard, which Rose misinterprets as "Black Cock Down". After that disaster of a game, Casey catches Kenny talking to Melissa outside the RV, bringing David and Rose to check out the scene. Melissa tries to get a kiss from Kenny, but he hugs her instead. David goes outside to talk to him, and the best advice he can give him is to count to three in a tense situation. While the Fitzgeralds are sleeping, David and Rose sneak out to steal the keys. The Fitzgeralds awaken to find the two of them in their tent, but they believe that they are there for a sexual fling. After Edie grabs Rose's breasts for a bit, the pair leaves uncomfortably. Casey attempts to help Kenny out after learning that he's never kissed a girl. She teaches him how to kiss, out of pity, which David and Rose walk in on. Rose joins in to help Kenny practice, but Melissa walks in on them, making it look like Kenny is kissing his mother and sister. She leaves appalled, and Kenny is flat out embarrassed. Don and Edie take the group to the garage and drop them off. As David calls Brad up, they are ambushed by Pablo, who found the RV with a tracking device. He plans to kill the group as a family, but David admits that the family is fake and that Rose is just a stripper. This gets Pablo's attention, and he orders Rose to strip. She puts on a very hot show for everybody, ending with her pulling steam on Pablo's face, giving them an opportunity to run. Kenny tries to drive the RV and busts out of the garage and wrecks Pablo's car. On their way out, the tarantula in the fruit basket crawls it's way up to Kenny's leg and bites him, causing him swerve and run the RV off the road. He runs out in pain and reveals to the group a very large and painful-looking swollen testicle, eventually fainting from it. The group is forced to stick around the hospital for a few hours as Kenny recovers. Casey goes off with a loser named Scottie P. (Mark L. Young) for a few hours while David and Rose briefly bond. Through this, David learns that Rose's real name is Sarah. As Casey comes back, David and Rose chastise her for spending so much time out, almost sounding like a real mother and father. Kenny is released to the group, and David rushes him off in his wheelchair to the RV, only to knock Kenny down as he hits the RV. David tries to pick him up in the most irresponsible way, upsetting Rose and Casey. This leads to a big argument between everybody, and Casey walks off on her own. David is prepared to leave, but Kenny and Rose won't leave without Casey. David leaves them behind and drives off. As he drives further, he hears "Waterfalls" by TLC on the radio, which Kenny humorously sang along to earlier. Kenny and Rose find Casey with Scottie P., who tries to sexually harass Casey. They come to her aid, with Kenny counting to three before Rose punches Scottie in the nose, sending him off. David arrives in time to find the three of them, having to get on his knees and beg them to rejoin him (he only really gets on his knees). While they're heading back, they run into Edie and Melissa. Melissa is still uncomfortable with how she saw Kenny the previous night, eventually forcing Kenny to reveal that the family is fake and that they are smuggling pot across the border. That's when the one-eyed goon steps in to kill the group, but, not before Don pops up and completely incapacitates the goon. Unfortunately, Pablo comes out holding Melissa at gunpoint. He plans to kill the whole group, but David steps in to defend them, giving a speech on how he's come to love the three of them and that the Fitzgeralds were in the wrong place at the wrong time. Before Pablo can kill any of them, fireworks are set off, distracting Pablo long enough for David to hit him, throwing the gun out of his hand, and giving Kenny the chance to knock him out cold. This impresses Melissa, but not as much as Kenny grabbing her and kissing her romantically beneath the fireworks (with a tongue trick that Rose taught him). Don arrests Pablo and his goon, and then says that he must also arrest the group...after he hugs his family. The group reads this as a sign that the Fitzgeralds are letting them escape, and they take it. David finally brings the weed to Brad, but since he missed the deadline, he is not getting paid. Turns out, Brad was actually never going to pay him at all. David turns the tables on Brad when a whole team of DEA agents bursts into Brad's place, arresting him and his guys. Don thanks David for helping him bring Pablo and Brad to them. Don then tells David that he will have to be placed in witness protection for the next 3 to 6 months, along with every other witness to the crime. David smiles. The group is now living as a family in a pretty nice home. David meets the new neighbors, the Johnsons. He introduces himself, Kenny, Casey, and Rose (calling her Sarah) as the Millers. David and Rose walk away saying they don't like the Johnson's. As they sit to have a meal, it is revealed they are growing marijuana leaves in their backyard. Bloopers and outtakes are shown before the end credits, ending with Jason Sudeikis putting on the "Friends" theme song for Jennifer Aniston, and having Emma Roberts and Will Poulter sing along and clap for fun. 
 The Good Girl (2002)Summaries A discount store clerk strikes up an affair with a stock boy who considers himself the incarnation of Holden Caulfield. The plot revolves around a young married woman whose mundane life takes a turn for the worse when she strikes up a passionate and illicit affair with an oddball discount-store stock boy who thinks he's Holden Caulfield. Elena Prez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Friends (19942004)761) Follows the personal and professional lives of six twenty to thirty-something-year-old friends living in Manhattan. Ross Geller, Rachel Green, Monica Geller, Joey Tribbiani, Chandler Bing, and Phoebe Buffay are six twenty-somethings living in New York City. Over the course of 10 years and seasons, these friends go through life lessons, family, love, drama, friendship, and comedy. The lives of twenty-something friends in New York City, each with their own dreams and drives: Joey a struggling actor, Monica a chef, Rachel a waitress who hopes to work in fashion, Ross a paleontologist, Chandler who hates his job in data processing, and Phoebe a masseuse/musician. "With a Little Help From My Friends" is a song written by the Beatles (and expertly covered by Joe Cocker) and it could easily be the subtitle for the thirty minute comedy, "Friends". In 1994, the idea was created for "Friends": a show about six friends in New York as they navigate their way through life and learn to grow up as they approach the third decade of their life. All, with the help from each other to get them through the obstacles that life naturally has for us. Monica is the excessively neat and organized "older sister" of the group, who works as a chef while yearning to find her ideal love. Ross, Monica's older brother, is a paleontologist with a lifelong crush on Rachel. He is a laid-back man with low self esteem and a recent divorcee. Rachel is the pretty, bubbly girl who spent most of her life as a spoiled rich princess. Now she must learn to face the real world. Chandler is Ross' college buddy and the guy who will crack jokes at a moment's notice. Phoebe is a lovable eccentric masseuse who easily could have fit in with Haight Ashbury in the 1960s. And Joey, the friend who has an inverse relationship between his good looks and his intelligence. He dreams of becoming an actor. These six individuals make up the cast of Friends. In May 2004, Friends officially ended it's phenomenal 10 year run. The show's time slot was taken over by a spin-off called Joey. ahmetkozan Six young (20-something) people from New York City (Manhattan), on their own and struggling to survive in the real world, find the companionship, comfort and support they get from each other to be the perfect antidote to the pressures of life. This average group of buddies goes through massive mayhem, family trouble, past and future romances, fights, laughs, tears and surprises as they learn what it really means to be a friend. ahmetkozan A Comedy Series based in Manhatten about 6 young friends, in the struggle to find success and happiness in life, but it is never that straight forward, is it? Rachel Green - A popular schoolgirl of the past, is now a spoiled brat living off her fathers finance. In an attempt to start a new life after running out on her wedding, she shares an apartment with an old best friend Monica Geller, and eventually befriends the other 4 and Monica's older brother, Ross. Monica Geller - A compulsive neat freak, who has trouble with her love life. Monica was teased when she was in high school for being overweight. However, now a head-chef at a top restaurant in Manhatten, she has lost all her excessive weight, and just wants to start a family with 'the right guy' to complete a happy life. Ross Geller - Older Brother of Monica, he has always had strong love feelings for Rachel. A successful professor of science leads him to be often teased by the other 5 friends about his profession. Ross has experienced many misfortunes in life, including 3 divorces and bringing up a child with his lesbian ex-wife. Ross now is devoted to finding a girl to settle down with, without a divorce, and makes it his personal goal to share happiness with Rachel. Phoebe Buffay - Brought up as a fatherless child, Phoebe is a ditzy yet loveable hippy, who has become a personal masseuse. Despite liking her profession, her dream is to become a star in the music industry and bases her songs on her life experiences. The other 5 friends secretly believe that Phoebe will never make it, but still encourage her to write. Phoebe often performs at the 'Central Perk' coffee house, and strongly believes in herself. Chandler Bing - A financially secure data processor, who relies on humor as a defense mechanism. Despite being rich, the other 5 have no idea what his profession is, and Chandler is a wimpy, average looking cigarette addict, who has never had a serious relationship. Will he ever get it, and is she just round the corner from him? Joey Tribiani - Despite being close to all the friends, he is especially open with Chandler, who his also his roommate. Joey is a small time actor, who desperately wants fame and fortune, and Chandler has high hopes of Joey, so helps Joey with money for acting lessons and professional photographs. Despite being a relatively bad actor, Joey is an adorable, sensitive guy, who is very successful with women, but needs to become famous and rich to complete his successful life. Mekaeal Chaudary Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Comedy series about a tight-knit group of friends living in Manhattan. It also covers their interactions with their families, their lovers, and various colleagues over a period of several years. The series opens with runaway bride Rachel Green, who has just abandoned her fiance Barry Farber at the altar. Having no place to stay in New York City, she manages to locate Monica Geller. Monica used to be Rachel's best friend during their high school year, though they have not seen each other in several years. Rachel convinces Monica to take her in as her new roommate. They rekindle their friendship. Rachel used to be a "daddy's girl" who relied entirely on her wealthy father to cover her expenses. Having lost his favor, she gets her first real job as a waitress at the coffeehouse Central Perk. She has no actual skill at her job, but her manager Gunther has fallen for her and never fires her. In later seasons, Rachel is able to find a more lucrative job in a fashion company. Monica is a hardworking chef, who owns her own apartment. She is good at her job, but has men-related problems in her personal life. She also has her share of psychological problems, including an obsession with cleanliness, unreasonable levels of competitiveness and frequent signs of obsessive-compulsive behavior. Additional issues explored in the series involve her traumatic memories of her childhood obesity, and her poor relationship with her mother, who always criticizes her. The third member of the group is Ross Gellar, Monica's older brother. He is a paleontologist, who is trying to recover from the abrupt end of his first marriage. His wife Carol Willick came out as a lesbian, and moved in with her lover Susan Bunch. Ross and Carol have a son, Ben. Ross tries to be a good parent, but does not have full custody over him. Meanwhile, he pursues relationships with various women, and tries to advance his career. In later seasons, Ross impulsively marries twice, leading to two more divorces. His string of failed marriages somewhat damages his self-esteem. As explored throughout the series, he was always his parents' favorite and he had an inflated ego. The fourth member of the group is Chandler Bing, a lifelong friend of Ross. He works as a statistical analyst at a company. He resents his job, though it pays well and he is typically more affluent than his friends. He has a sarcastic sense of a humor. He is rather effeminate in behavior, though he is upset when people keep assuming that he is homosexual. As explored in the series, Chandler is the son of celebrity parents. His father is drag queen performer Charles Bing, a fixture of Las Vegas show business. His mother is erotic novelist Nora Tyler Bing, highly successful in her field. He grew up exposed to their respective sex lives, and their eccentricities. He has had more than his share of traumatic experiences and personal insecurities, and typically uses humor as a self-defense mechanism. The fifth member of the group is struggling actor Joey Tribbiani. He starts the series as Chandler's roommate and the two have a closer relationship to each other than anyone else. Joey experiences the unsteady nature of his profession, with relatively few high-profile roles and frequent periods of unemployment. Joey is depicted as rather dim-witted, but gregarious and quite charming. He is a ladies' man, and typically picks up dates or has sex more frequently than anyone else in the group. He has relatively few serious relationships. In his relations to others, he demonstrates a protective streak. He can act as a surrogate brother to his friends. The sixth member of the group is Phoebe Buffay, Monica's former roommate. She works as a masseuse and self-taught folk musician. Phoebe's mother committed suicide when Phoebe was 14-years-old. Phoebe has mostly fended for herself ever since, and reportedly committed a few crimes while living as a street kid. Grown-up Phoebe has instead become a pacifist, a vegetarian, and a tree hugger. She has picked up a few New Age ideas and superstitions, such as believing in spirits and reading in tea-leaves. To Ross' annoyance, Phoebe does not believe in the theory of evolution. Despite having little formal education, Phoebe is apparently fluent in French and Italian. Subplots involving Phoebe involve her relations with surviving members of her family, such as the father who abandoned her, and a kid brother who relies on her for help. Phoebe also has an identical twin sister, Ursula, who seemingly hates Phoebe for unknown reasons. 
 Cake (II) (2014)431) The acerbic, hilarious Claire Bennett becomes fascinated by the suicide of a woman in her chronic pain support group. As she uncovers the details of Nina's suicide and develops a poignant relationship with Nina's husband, she also grapples with her own, very raw personal tragedy. The acerbic, hilarious Claire Bennett becomes fascinated by the suicide of a woman in her chronic pain support group. As she uncovers the details of Nina's suicide and develops a poignant relationship with Nina's husband, she also grapples with her own, very raw personal tragedy. Ben Barnz Enduring a life of chronic and unimaginable pain, the former Los Angeles defense attorney, Claire Bennett, is now reduced to a pill-popping misanthrope--literally, a physically and mentally scarred being. Having lost her faith in humanity, Claire suddenly finds herself taking an interest in the tragic suicide case of the fellow support-group member, Nina, who summoned up the courage to put an end to her life. Now, feverish and recurrent hallucinations burden Claire's already fragile existence, forcing her to strike an unlikely relationship with the deceased's widowed husband, Roy. Could he be holding the key to pained Claire's salvation? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening scene, a group of women are in a support group for chronic pain sufferers, led by Annette (Felicity Huffman). They want to put closure to one of their members, Nina (Anna Kendrick) who killed herself a month earlier. Various ladies say how upset they are that Nina didn't reach out for help and that she left her son behind. The therapist then asks Claire (Jennifer Aniston) for her feelings. Claire has scars all over her face; she reminds the group that Nina jumped off a freeway overpass -- where the 110 and 105 meet -- fell onto a flatbed truck full of used furniture heading to Acapulco, and wasn't discovered for hours. Her body then had to be sent back in Rubbermaid containers which got stuck in customs for a week before her husband could claim it. Claire applauds Nina because she doesn't like suicide being made easy on the survivors. Claire is driven home in a taxi. She has been laying down on the back seat, not able to sit upright due to her pain. Her hired help, Silvana (Adriana Barraza), is at home, making her a meal because Claire has gone without eating. Claire listens to some voice mails - one is from Annette - who asks her to find another support group, one that can help her with her anger issues. The second is from her husband from whom she has recently separated; he wants to come by and pick up the rest of his things, but only when she isn't there. Home alone, Claire gathers prescription bottles from a hiding spot in her house. She is almost out of pills. She tosses and turns at night, in severe pain. Claire goes into her backyard and soaks in her pool while an opossum watches. She is woken up the next morning by Silvana; while getting ready, Claire refuses to put scar gel on her scars. Silvana drives Claire who, once again, has to ride lying down in the car because of her pain. They stop by the doctor's but the doctor (Lucy Punch) hasn't got approval for her prescriptions; after buttering her up, Claire is given prescriptions for Percocet and Oxycontin. At home, she tells Silvana to go home early and then has sex with the pool man, Arturo. After they are done, she gives him a tub filled with a child's toys for his kids. Outside, Silvana has been waiting in her car; she fights with the pool man, demanding that the toys be kept in Claire's possession despite her giving them away. Silvana goes home to her family; her daughter encourages her to quit her job since Claire doesn't pay her enough to put up with her shit. Silvana defends Claire and then puts the tub of toys in her closet, alongside other tubs she has had to confiscate after Claire gave them away. In her bed, Claire tosses, in pain. She hears a knock coming from the backyard. When she goes to observe, it is revealed to be the deceased Nina, lounging on an inflatable raft in Claire's pool. They talk and Nina taunts her, asking why she doesn't kill herself considering she is an atheist and doesn't believe in anything. Nina then holds Claire under the water. Claire wakes up terrified from the nightmare. The next day, Claire is in aquatic therapy, being very difficult towards her therapist, Bonnie (Mamie Gummer). Claire complains that it hurts and Bonnie says she has had pins in her legs for over a year and it's going to hurt. Bonnie notes that the doctor wants to know why there has been zero improvement in six months and suggests Claire finds someone else to work with. Later, when everyone is gone, Claire is alone by the pool. She tries to kill herself, using weights to hold herself underneath the water, but she resurfaces. Silvana drives Claire to the 110 and 105 where Nina jumped. Claire asks a MTA employee who witnessed her death what he saw. He says he observed Nina up there for a long while before she jumped, and that he repeatedly shouted "don't jump". Claire gets Silvana to drive her to the three-level overpass, where she gets out of the car right at the spot where Nina jumped, leaving Silvana in the car, nervously calling to Claire to get back in the car because she knows it's not safe. Claire takes a moment and is then seen standing on the ledge and jumping off, but this ends up being another nightmare. Claire greets Annette at the support group office she threatens to sue the group for discriminating against her, citing a previous case (revealing Claire used to be a lawyer). Claire then says shes joking and she is just there to ask for Nina's address; when Annette explains that she is unable to provide the address, Claire tells her shes no longer kidding about the lawsuit, and Annette reluctantly gives in. Claire shows up at Nina's house and meets her husband, Roy (Sam Worthington). She tells him she used to live in the house and he gives her a tour, including his son's room. As she's leaving, Roy tells her that Annette had given him a heads up and he knows she's from the support group. Having run out of medicine, Claire asks Silvana to take her to Tijuana. Again, Claire lies down during the whole ride because of the pain. When they arrive, they visit a pharmacy but are warned that they won't get through the border without prescriptions. The pharmacist sells her a religious statue to smuggle pills in, telling her she wont get caught because she's a rich White woman. Silvana also buys some laundry detergent that they don't sell in America. It becomes evident that Silvana is a former resident of Tijuana. Claire tells Silvana to take her to her (Silvana's) favorite restaurant, despite it being expensive. While there, Silvana runs into two old friends who are condescending towards her, chastising her husband for having a low-wage job and her daughter for not being married. Claire picks up on this and makes it sound like Silvana is her friend and that the two are in Tijuana for recreation; she also makes it seem as if Silvana has treated Claire to lunch when the waiter gives Silvana the receipt. When they get to the border checkpoint, the patrolman is suspicious of Claire for lying back in her seat and they are pulled over and have their car searched. At the U.S. Customs and Border Protection office (we later learned the detergent is what got confiscated), Claire calls her husband (Chris Messina). When they later arrive at her house, he is sitting outside, waiting for them. He mentions he wanted to make sure they got home okay and didn't call because she never turns her phone on and never returns voice-mail. He asks for a thank you for using his position in a government office to get her released; she doesn't offer any. He remains friendly, refusing to leave until she tells him how she's doing. Claire sits with him and tells him she's been better. She then tells him she doesn't want to have sex but asks if he'll stay in her room with her until she falls asleep. He does. The next morning, Claire is waiting for Nina's husband at his home. She asks for a ride and he tells her he has to run an errand first. She leans back in her chair while he drives and apologizes for coming off like a stalker. They end up at a cemetery where he hangs a wind chime over Nina's grave. They end up at a dive bar and talk about his reaction to Nina's death; he says in a support group, he had to speak to a partner as if she was Nina and he had told her, thank you for ruining my life and my son's life and that he hates her and hopes she burns in Hell. Back at her place, Claire asks Roy to sleep with her, not in a sexual way but so neither has to be alone. The next day, a box falls out of Claire's closet with a Billy Joel CD. That night, she listens to it and sings along, somberly as she drinks her wine in the dark. She takes a cab to Roy's house. She tells him she was worried he was going to kill himself, but he knows she just didn't want to be alone. Claire raids Nina's medicine cabinet, still with unused prescriptions in it. Claire finds what she's looking for and says "good girl" to the non-present Nina, appreciative of the medications she has left behind. Roy falls asleep immediately and, high on Percocet, Claire is greeted by a premonition of Nina, who playfully calls her a slut and tells Claire she uses people. Claire agrees. The next morning, a doorbell awakens Roy and Claire; he forgot his mother is dropping his son back home. The boy walks in on Claire in the bathroom, taking more pills. He asks why her face is covered in scars; she asks him to let her finish peeing. In his truck, the boy tells Claire his birthday is coming up and that he wants a kite in the shape of a shark. The father and son stop by Nina's grave and admire the new hanging chimes while Claire waits in the car, taking more of Nina's medication. The three of them go to a restaurant and Claire spies Nina in the back. But after confronting her, the vision quickly disappears. Roy shows up at Claire's house, returning a purse she left at his house. Silvana takes it from him but he says he'll wait in front because he's worried about her. She invites him in. Roy waits while Claire sleeps. When she awakes, he shares the suicide note Nina left for him. It simply says FORGIVE ME. He tells Claire that Silvana told him about her accident and the death of her little boy. When Claire later talks to Silvana, she learns that Roy and his son have been invited for lunch in a few days where she'll make her famous tamales. At her aquatic therapy class, Claire apologizes to Bonnie for coming off like an uncooperative old bitch and explains that she's just in a lot of pain. Bonnie encourages her to make an attempt to get better. Claire then goes to the center where the support group is held and apologizes to Annette for blackmailing her. She gives her a large bottle of vodka as a goodwill gesture. Untrusting of Claire, Annette insists that Claire set the bottle on the floor and leave; Claire cooperates. Roy and his son come over to Claire's house; the boy wants to go swimming but hasn't brought his swimsuit. Claire suggests borrowing one of her son's old bathing suits and goes into his room for the first time since his death. Silvana finds her struggling to open a taped-up box and ushers her out of the room. In the backyard, Roy tells Claire he's left his support group and is going to go back to work next week. He also mentions that he has decided to move from the house he shared with his wife. Roy notes that Claire is looking more put together. He asks how Claire can still live in her house, surrounded by all the memories. She brushes off the question and goes back inside. She grabs a medication bottle from her hiding spot, but has a change of heart and returns the bottle without taking any medication. During their tamale lunch, Roy asks about a spot on the wall where a painting has been removed but she brushes the question off. They are interrupted when Silvana tells them a man (William H. Macy) has shown up at the front door, insisting on seeing Claire and refusing to give his name or leave. When Claire goes to see who it is, she breaks down and tells him to get off her fucking property before she calls the police. It's obviously the man who caused the car accident that killed her son and caused all her pain. He is attempting to apologize, tells her he can't live with himself and that he would trade places with her if he could, but she is unforgiving and attacks him. She stops short when she sees Roy's son watching. The medication is starting to affect Claire; her eyes burn. She begins to take more medication for the pain but then takes handfuls of pills. Regretting her action, she makes herself vomit, but passes out on the floor next to the toilet. Claire ends up at the hospital, awakening to Silvana at her bedside, praying with rosary beads. Roy visits. She sleeps through it all. Claire has a premonition of Nina entering the hospital with a cake. Nina reminds Claire that in the support group, they were asked what their dream would be if they didn't have chronic pain. Claire had answered she'd have sex with the entire Madrid soccer team but Nina had replied that she'd want to make a birthday cake for her son from scratch. The premonition ends with Nina throwing the cake out of the hospital window and then jumping right after. Claire wakes up screaming, pulling out her IV and asking for no more drugs. After seeing a special on a drive-in theater in Riverside, Claire remembers her first date with her husband they went to a drive-in and she found out he liked Billy Joel. After being released, Claire orders Silvana to take her to Riverside. When they arrive, they watch a movie at the drive-in. Claire is in pain without her drugs and says she needs to get out of the car. She sneaks through a hole in the fence and sees Nina sitting on train tracks. Claire joins her. Nina talks her into killing herself. As they both lay down on the tracks, Nina tells that her last thoughts are important and all she gets to take with her. Claire remembers McDonald's french fries, the smell of Coppertone sunscreen, playing a mouse in The Nutcracker. She then recalls that she was a good mother, repeating this twice. Silvana finds Claire on the tracks and after they are back in the parking lot she goes on and on in Spanish about how frustrated she is with Claire. Silvana is interrupted when Claire points out their car has been stolen. Claire and Silvana take a cab to a crappy motel where they spend the night. Inside, Claire invites Silvana to share her bed instead of sleeping on a chair. They hold hands. Silvana loads their rental car and then returns to the motel. A young runaway girl (Britt Robertson) tries to break into the SUV but runs into Claire who is lying back in the passenger seat. She learns the girl is from Boise and is headed for Los Angeles. They give her a ride. She tells them shes going to be an actress; they tell her she's going to end up in porn. Claire then offers the girl $100 to make her a yellow cake with fudge frosting and the girl accepts. When they get back to her place, the girl sets out to bake. There is a note on the kitchen counter from Claire's husband (who has stopped by to get his things while she was gone) that says "He belongs here". She goes into the living room and sees the picture she had taken down hanging again; it is of Claire and her son in a happy moment. She cries but leaves the picture hanging, even calling her husband to thank him for the gift. Silvana wakes up Claire after she falls asleep, informing her that the runaway girl has stolen her purse. Claire is not an angry person anymore; she doesn't even want to press charges. On the countertop is the homemade cake. Claire delivers the cake to Roy's house, along with a shark kite for his son's birthday. Claire is driven to her son's grave site by Silvana. She puts wind chimes over his grave, just like Roy did at Nina's. Back in the car, Claire has a sudden urge to try to sit upright. She changes her mind at first but as the film concludes, she pulls the lever and the chair returns to sitting position. Claire exhales deeply, content. 