nm0000288:

 American Hustle (2013)651) A con man, Irving Rosenfeld, along with his seductive partner Sydney Prosser, is forced to work for a wild F.B.I. Agent, Richie DiMaso, who pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and the Mafia. A fictional film set in the alluring world of one of the most stunning scandals to rock our nation, American Hustle tells the story of brilliant con man Irving Rosenfeld ( Christian Bale ), who along with his equally cunning and seductive British partner Sydney Prosser ( Amy Adams ) is forced to work for a wild FBI agent Richie DiMaso ( Bradley Cooper ). DiMaso pushes them into a world of Jersey powerbrokers and mafia that's as dangerous as it is enchanting. Jeremy Renner is Carmine Polito, the passionate, volatile, New Jersey political operator caught between the con-artists and Feds. Irving's unpredictable wife Rosalyn ( Jennifer Lawrence ) could be the one to pull the thread that brings the entire world crashing down. Sony Pictures Entertainment 1978. When Irving Rosenfeld and Sydney Prosser meet, there is an instant emotional connection since they can see themselves in the other, in what each wants in life. Both come from humble backgrounds, but are striving for a better life. They embark on a sexual relationship, despite Irving already being married to the brash and uncultured Rosalyn Rosenfeld; most likely he does not divorce her due to his affection for her son, Danny Rosenfeld (whom he has adopted), whom he would not want left alone with his largely unfit mother. Irving tells Sydney about his illegal sideline as a con artist, but to his surprise she is not repulsed but rather attracted to the fact (besides his legitimate businesses, he deals in loan scams which net him $5,000 each). Sydney believes she can help his scams by pretending to be British Lady Edith Greensley who has London banking connections. In doing so, she does indeed vastly improve the scams and their take. However, one of their targets ends up being Richie DiMaso, a low level FBI agent trying to make his mark in the agency. Richie knows that Sydney is not a Lady nor does she have London banking connections but he does believe she is a Brit named Edith Greensley. Richie makes a deal with them to help him nab four additional white collar criminals in exchange for their release without charges. Ultimately, Richie talks them into bigger fish than was originally intended: nabbing politicians and mobsters as the opportunity arises. Their initial target is a Camden, New Jersey Mayor called Carmine Polito, who is trying to revitalize Atlantic City as a gambling mecca, which requires an influx of investments in the millions. But in getting these offshore investments (which in reality don't exist), the bigger fish include congressmen and senators, who may be taking bribes in this revitalization, as well as a mobster named Victor Tellegio, the right hand man of Meyer Lansky . Beyond their marks' finding out what they're doing -which could be especially deadly in Tellegio's case- their collective problems include: Stoddard Thorsen, Richie's immediate supervisor, who repeatedly refuses Richie's expensive requests for the wherewithal to complete the sting convincingly; Rosalyn, whose own self-interest is her primary focus, even at the possible risk of Irving's life; and Sydney's relationship with Richie, whom she initially seduces to keep him close "just in case", but with whom she may really be falling in love. Huggo Con man, Irving Rosenfeld engages in an affair with Sydney Prosser, a charming con artist, and is forced by an FBI agent to devise an extravagant scheme to hustle corrupt politicians, including the mayor of Camden, New Jersey, as well as the mafia, while his eccentric wife is desperate for his love. Camden Francis Smooth-talking Irving Rosenfeld (Bale) is a hustler of the highest order. No mark is off limits for Rosenfeld, especially when his crafty partner Sydney Prosser (Adams) is by his side. When renegade FBI agent Richie DiMaso (Cooper) thrusts the deceptive duo into the treacherous world of New Jersey power players and underworld heavies, the thrill of the hunt grows too strong to resist. Meanwhile, New Jersey politician Carmine Polito (Jeremy Renner) gets caught in the middle, and Rosenfeld's capricious wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) holds more power than anyone could imagine.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie starts with a 70s Technicolor logo of Columbia Pictures, Atlas Entertainment, and Annapurna Pictures. A title caption reads that the following is loosely based on a true story. April 28, 1978: In a suite in the Plaza Hotel in New York City, a fat Jewish man named Irving Rosenfeld (Christian Bale) is elaborately fixing his hair in a comb over to hide a huge balding spot on his head. This goes on for several minutes. He finally hairsprays it in place. Irving leaves his room and walks into an adjacent hotel room where a surveillance team is recording the video and audio of another room. Sydney Prosser (Amy Adams) enters and exchanges an angry look with Irving. It is broken up by the entrance of Richie DiMaso (Bradley Cooper) who begins arguing with Irving, saying he got them a suite at the Plaza Hotel and mentions that he's never touched Sydney (there is obviously some jealousy between Irving and Richie over her). As Richie and Irving quarrel, Richie messes up his comb over, leaving the hairpiece sticking straight up. Sydney, in her British dialect, rushes to fix it. The three walk into a hotel room on the same floor and put on friendly faces. They are meeting Mayor Carmine Polito (Jeremy Renner). Richie has a briefcase at his feet and tries to push it towards the mayor. The mayor's associate, Carl Elway, notices and tells him he'll handle it and Richie rambles that it would be disrespectful to "the sheikh" if Polito doesn't take it. Carmine becomes suspicious, saying he came to meet a sheikh but the fact that a briefcase is being forced on him is freaking him out and he decides to leave. Richie and Irving begin fighting again with Irving finally agreeing to "mop up" the mess Richie caused by being dumb and sliding the briefcase conspicuously. We now go back in time several years and explore the events that will lead up to this meeting. In his childhood, Irving narrates that his father owned a glass business and Irving notices him being taken advantage of by customers. It convinces him to drum up business for his dad by breaking glass windows in the area with a baseball bat. As an adult, Irving also owns a glass business... as well as a bunch of dry cleaners. At a pool party, Irving meets a nice red-haired girl in a fur coat named Sydney Prosser, who speaks with an American accent. When Irving notices her bracelet has Duke Ellington's picture on it, they bond over their love of the jazz musician. They go upstairs and play one of his records, and Irving's confidence attracts her. Irving and Sydney have a lot in common because she comes from a background of limited options (such as a stint as a stripper). Sydney professes that she is a bold person, and Irving praises Sydney's ability to reinvent herself. Sydney has recently started working at Cosmopolitan Magazine. Irving knows she is too smart to work at a clerical job. She is broke and fearless with nothing to lose; her dream has been to become anyone else other than who she was. So she thinks nothing of going with Irving as he shows her one of her dry cleaning stores. He takes her to the back where things that were left behind or forgotten are stored; they try on various clothes and end up kissing between the dry cleaning conveyors. A few days later, Irving shows Sydney his office where there are tons of paintings on display. He tells her that his new business helps guys get loans who can't get loans. When he hesitates upon being asked how he gets them money, she realizes he is a con artist, who takes his clients' $5,000 fee but makes no effort to pay them back. He defends himself by saying the guys that are desperate to invest with him are people at the bottom with gambling problems and embezzling. She points out he takes advantage of desperate people, and he asks if she wants to join him. She walks off without saying anything, exiting the office. Irving goes back to his desk, upset that he has crossed a line with a woman he genuinely likes. Moments later, though, she returns, this time using a British accent, introducing herself as "Lady Edith Greensly", who has royal banking connections in London. From this point on, Irving and Sydney become partners. The scheme is simple: Sydney tells new acquaintances that she has London banking connections, so their husbands will overhear and beg her to let them invest with Irving. To hook them, she refuses to help out, making them more eager to connect with Irving. One by one, people come to Irving's desk; Sydney (under her alias Edith) and Irving convince everyone that they are selective so all of the desperate men end up begging for Irving to take their $5,000 in hopes of a $50,000 in return. Irving's business triples due to Sydney's close attention to detail. They also sell art on the side. All of the paintings are forgeries, but with the British Lady Edith Greensly alias helping sell them as authentic, each one is sold. Due to their success, they rent out a better office, calling it London Associates (in honor of Sydney's fake accent). The two fall in love with each other, go dancing, have sex, and more. In voice-over, Irving admits we're all conning ourselves to get through life, leaving out the ugly truth in his case. In fact, he's currently married and has adopted his wife's son (from another man) who he loves as his own. In his Long Island home, Irving comes home where he talks to his young son, Danny, who tells him that his mom was late picking him up from school, and that a sun lamp caught on fire that afternoon while she was drinking. His shrew and alcoholic wife Rosalyn (Jennifer Lawrence) is defending herself, saying she put out the fire. The left side of her face is completely red with burns. They quarrel and she hilariously defends herself every time he criticizes her, blaming sun lamps for being dangerous and saying it probably happens all the time. He tells her he's not happy, and she takes a moment and says that he can't divorce her because then she just might take Danny and never let Irving see him again. She says nobody in her family has ever gotten a divorce and she won't be the first; and points out that they fight and fuck and that's their thing. In voice-over, he says she was the Picasso of passive-aggressive and was better than any con artist. Meanwhile, Rosalyn strips down to her underwear and seduces Irving, to get him to forget he is angry with her. Sydney and Irving's operation goes perfectly, until they try to scam someone else out of their $5,000. Their victim ultimately is Richie, whom we met at the beginning of the film. He mentions that Lady Edith had done a good job convincing him to come in over their two lunches. Irving gets jealous as they reminisce about their outings together; it is obvious she really had a fun time with him versus just trying to con him. Richie holds out his $5,000 check, but now Irving is suspicious. Sydney finally takes the check instead. When the two try to sneak out of the office, they run into undercover cops. Because Irving didn't take the money, Richie can't arrest him, but Sydney is arrested for fraud, because she is not British nobility and has no banking connections. Richie shows off his badge, revealing that he's an FBI agent. Sydney is taken to an interrogation room where she is incarcerated there for three days. Only Richie is allowed to communicate with her. She goes stir crazy given that her cell has no furniture. Richie tells her that Irving is taking advantage of her and puts it in her head that Irving is loyal to his wife and son and that she is being fooled; he uses the fact that Irving has not come visit her as proof that he doesn't really care about her (when in truth, Irving has been forbidden to see her). Richie concludes the conversation by revealing that he has a romantic interest in her; the entire time, she remains speechless so he still thinks she is British and named Edith Greensly. On the third day, Irving is looking through the glass at the jail cell with Sydney oblivious to him from the other side. Richie talks to Irving about his dishonesty, and then explains that he wants to combat white-collar crime and can, with Irving's help. He wants Irving to help him trap four similar con artists and if he does, Sydney and he will be free of all charges. Now back home at her Manhattan apartment, Sydney suggests to Irving and they both flee the country to Romania, but Irving refuses because he doesn't want to leave Danny behind. She becomes accusatory, because Richie has planted it in her head that Irving is just using her and doesn't care about her. She finally agrees to help entrap four con artists to clear their names and tells Irving that she is going to get romantically close to Richie in case they need him in the future. Irving, Sydney, and Richie are in an art gallery with an Arab sheikh. Irving is rude to Richie but Sydney defends him. Irving explains their plan by going around the gallery with a wealthy sheikh: people who want to sell fake bank CDs and take the sheikh's money will approach them for an introduction. Since there are very few con artists who sell fraudulent art, it does not take long to attract someone unscrupulously interested in the seemingly wealthy oilman walking alongside Irving. In actuality, the sheikh a friend of Irving's from Queens, and not a real Arab. Irving shows Richie a painting and explains that it is a fake and that people believe what they want to believe. The colleague from before interrupts, asking Irving to introduce him to the sheikh (so he can take advantage of him). Irving refuses in the same way Sydney does when she wants to hook someone; this time, it's Sydney that steps up and acts as a middleman between the con artist and their group. In his office, Irving secretly records one of his friends, Carl, asking if he can sell fake certificates and deposits to Irving's investor, the sheikh. Sydney and Richie arrive, and Carl is told his appointment is up, all while Irving is pretending he's not interested in working with Carl. But when Richie helps sell the story of the sheikh by pointing out that he is worth hundreds of millions of dollars, Carl says he has an investment bigger than bank CDs. The sheikh can invest in the rebuilding of Atlantic City, a task taken on by Carmine Polito. At the FBI, Richie's boss, Stoddard Thorsen (Louis C.K.) tells him they shouldn't try to entrap Carmine Polito, who is also a family guy well-loved by everyone in his community. Carmine had just gotten gambling legalized in Atlantic City and wants to rebuild the city, but is having trouble raising the money. Stoddard says they shouldn't go after a politician; Richie tells him to put $2 million into a Chase bank account under the sheikh's name so Carmine can verify that the sheikh is real. Stoddard refuses to wire taxpayers' money into an account, even if it's controlled by them, and begins telling Richie a story about ice fishing with his family. He says his brother wanted to go ice fishing in October and their dad said no because the ice was too thin. Richie says he knows where the story's going: the brother was too eager and fell through the ice, just like he himself is too eager. Stoddard said, no, that's not the point of the story, and tells Richie they'll continue it another time. Even though Stoddard has shut the operation down, Sydney/Edith schemes on Richie's behalf. She becomes friends with the woman in charge of all the wires, Brenda, a lonely cat woman (Colleen Camp) who is appreciative of Sydney's friendship. They get her to wire two million dollars into an FBI-controlled account. Edith then makes sure that Stoddard's boss, Anthony Amando (Alessandro Nivola) is impressed with the plan so that when he calls Stoddard to praise him, Stoddard won't be able to back out of it. Irving is now irritated that Sydney and Richie have made this about entrapping politicians since he thought they would fulfill their duty with very small criminals. Sydney supports Richie, who is adamant that he wants to think big and use video surveillance to capture big guys (and get the glory for it). Irving tells him he's going to have to rent out a luxury suite to trick Carmine Polito into believing the sheikh is real, even though Richie thinks it's unnecessary. Irving then gets mad when he finds out Sydney used her skills to get the Bureau to wire two millions to fool the sheikh and leaves Sydney alone with Richie. He straddles her on the table and they kiss, but then retracts, holding just her foot instead. He exits, leaving her flustered. A surveillance video is played of Richie showing the briefcase filled with cash that will be used to entrap the mayor. We are now back at the opening scene, where Carmine gets suspicious and leaves the hotel room. Like before, Irving runs after him. He finds Carmine outside of the Plaza on the street, bent on escaping the situation. But Irving convinces him that the opportunity they presented is real and badmouths Richie as being inferior to them. The two end up bonding as they discover they have a few things in common. Carmine says he was nervous because he was expecting to meet with the sheikh, but admits that he likes Irving and therefore will continue business with him instead of Richie. Irving tells Richie that Carmine agreed to go out to dinner with Irving and his wife but doesn't want to deal with Richie anymore. Richie is adamant to be included because he wants to use Carmine to find crooked politicians whom Carmine bribe to pay off people for licenses and casinos. Irving points out that Richie is taking them to a dangerous place; Sydney is more upset that Rosalyn gets to go to dinner with Irving instead of her. At home, it's revealed that Richie lives in a decrepit apartment with his overbearing and controlling mother. During dinner with his mother and a fiancee he doesn't love, he gets a call from Sydney/Edith who is upset about being left alone while Irving is out with Rosalyn. Richie agrees to meet Sydney, but before he heads out, he tells his mom how he's going to finally prove himself and no longer be a laughing stock. At dinner, Irving introduces Rosalyn to Carmine's wife, Dolly (Elisabeth Rohm). The four of them have a great dinner. The New York City-accented Rosalyn is obviously uncultured, but instead of weakening Carmine's perception of Irving, she actually ends up charming the table. She goes into a long story about her nail finish that has a topcoat that smells both perfume and rotten, sweet and sour, like flowers with garbage. She eventually gets drunk and falls out of her chair. At the same time, Sydney and Richie are out on the streets of New York. Richie opens up to her that he wants to do something with his life. They end up at a dance club and bond over disco dancing; the moves get steamier and steamier until they are both sexually aroused. They cut in front of a long line of women in the restroom and fool around in a stall, but Sydney/Edith decides to wait until the two of them get real with each other before they fuck. She gives him a long kiss before he leaves the stall, but she stays behind to pee, letting out a thrilled scream on the toilet. At dinner, Irving and Carmine are really bonding, singing along to a karaoke song. Next moment, Carmine is introducing Irving to a colleague, telling him that Irving is going to get New Jersey back on its feet by helping rebuild Atlantic City and creating thousands of jobs. Irving begins feeling guilty now that he's getting close to Carmine. The next day, Carmine and Irving are eating breakfast. Carmine talks about how much he loves his community and he really wants the sheikh to realize how helpful his investment is going to be to the people in town. They walk to Carmine's car and he opens the trunk to reveal a thank you gift to Irving, something that is too new technologically for Irving to recognize. Carmine explains that it's a microwave and it heats up food in a scientific way. Once again, Irving feels guilty but Carmine doesn't catch on; he just tells Irving not to put metal in his gift. At the FBI, Richie (now in sunglasses and a bomber jacket) is demanding that the sheikh arrive in a jet; Stoddard says he should just arrive on the curb at JFK. Richie aggressively points out they should be committed to selling the sheikh as wealthy and finally is successful in convincing Stoddard. Richie walks away, but stops to request Stoddard finish the ice fishing story. Stoddard says his brother and he were on the ice and he saw his father running towards them; Stoddard stepped in front of his brother to protect him. Richie says, "Oh, you were trying to protect your brother but you couldn't just like you are trying to protect me. The story's about protection." Stoddard says, "No, that's not what it's about." Richie leaves. In Long Island, Rosalyn is mocking Irving, muttering to herself "Don't put metal in the science oven, don't put metal in the science oven." She puts a foil-wrapped tray inside the microwave, and it immediately explodes. Danny shouts, "Another fire!" When Irving comes home, he is irritated that Rosalyn destroyed the microwave Carmine gave him, but she responds by making fun of him for being in love with Carmine, and says he should get a chain with a gold microwave around his neck. She also points out that she read that science ovens take the nutrients out of their food, and hands him a magazine article to prove it. As he reads, she mutters to herself, "Bring something into this house that's going to take all the nutrition out of our food, and then light our house on fire? Thank God for me." On the tarmac, Richie and Sydney kiss while Irving watches on. She encourages Richie to not be nervous. As he walks away, Irving approaches her, but she wants nothing to do with him, upset that she has to share him with Rosalyn. Richie and Irving board the private jet that the FBI has rented for an hour. They meet the fake sheikh, replacing Irving's friend, since this guy is with the Bureau. Irving is irritated because he's a Mexican named Paco Hernandez (Michael Pea) and doesn't speak Arabic, although Paco says he knows a few phrases. Irving tells Paco to give Carmine an ornate dagger and present it as if it's a sacred, expensive artifact. Paco points out that the name of the operation is offensive: it's revealed to be Abscam (Arab scam). Irving responds, "What do you care? You're Mexican." The fake sheikh greets Carmine outside the jet and presents him with the sacred knife. At home, Rosalyn is bitching to Irving that she cannot go to a meeting with him, even though she's already done her hair. She answers a ringing phone, and Richie is on the other end. Rosalyn listens in from a phone in the kitchen and overhears Richie talking about feds. After he hangs up, Rosalyn asks Irving if the conversation has to do with IRS, a tax thing. The phone rings again and this time, it's Carmine. Rosalyn tells him that Irving isn't letting her come to the event that night; when Irving takes the phone, Carmine tells him that his wife is the life of the party and to bring her. Irving is nervous, telling Carmine that his wife is unpredictable (he's secretly worried that she will blow their cover somehow). Carmine won't take no for an answer; Donna has even bought the nail finish Rosalyn had told her she couldn't find. Now Irving has no choice but to bring Rosalyn along. Out front, Irving and Carmine bond with Rosalyn and Dolly; their bonding is interrupted by the arrival of Sydney and Richie and the (Mexican) sheikh. Rosalyn stares at Sydney and mutters," I know who you are." She repeats to Irving that she knows who Sydney is. Everybody enters the lobby of the hotel-casino. Carmine obviously has a genuine interest in creating a great Atlantic City, more so than making money. He tells Irving that he saved them $50 million by choosing to renovate instead of building from the ground up. They go into the gambling room where Rosalyn glares at Sydney some more. Carmine pulls Irving aside and tells him that he is saving a lot of money by working with casino guys standing at the bar who happen to be the mob. Irving tries to circumvent a meeting with them, but Rosalyn, hearing everyone is nervous to approach, decides to cross to the mob guys and say hello. She catches the eye of Pete Musane (Jack Huston) whom she flirts with. Irving and Carmine now approach to reel in Rosalyn; Richie steps forward as well, introducing the sheikh. The guys at the bar tell them that Victor Tellegio (a mob boss) is in the back room and wants to meet them. Irving tries to avoid the situation but the mob guys insist. Richie, Irving, Carmine, and the sheikh now meet Victor Tellegio (Robert De Niro in a surprise cameo), a mob boss who never buried a body because he felt it left a better message to just leave it in the street. Employees set up a table and they all take a seat. Victor says its been a dream to build casino resorts on the East Coast. He says even though Carmine made this legal, he has 40 years of history and has to be careful. To get a gaming license and keep it, they will have to make their principal investor, the sheikh, an American citizen. Carmine is asked to use congressmen and senators he knows to expedite citizenship, although Irving tries to talk him out of doing something unscrupulous (because they've become close). Victor is suspicious of Irving's concern, and he points out that they are a real organization and he hopes that everything else is real. He begins speaking Arabic to the sheikh to see if he actually knows the language. It turns out he's got casino investments in the Middle East, and he spent two years learning Arabic to keep an upper hand. Irving and Richie get very scared. Richie tries to intervene, but Mr. Tellegio insists the sheikh speak for himself. Someone enters the room, interrupting. Paco then says, in Arabic, "It'll be great doing business with you. The investment is real. It was a pleasure to meet you." Even though his memorized phrases are not in response to what Victor said, it's enough to assuage his suspicion. Mr. Tellegio says they should put $10 million in the bank of his choice in the next two weeks or else they will insult his friends in Florida. Outside, Sydney asks Rosalyn to come with he,r but Rosalyn refuses, calling her her husband's whore. Sydney and Dolly continue glaring at Rosalyn across the room while Rosalyn and Pete end up bonding over their love of the phrase "What's meant to be will be." Moments later, Rosalyn goes to the bathroom. Sydney follows behind, yelling at her for flirting with the mobsters. Rosalyn is unmoved, pointing out that she has a ring on her finger. Sydney replies that what Irving and she had might be over now, but it was beautiful and it was real and they loved each other. This makes Rosalyn cry. Sydney continues, pointing out that Rosalyn scares and manipulates Irving by the use of her son. Rosalyn replies by saying he keeps coming back, so there must be something he loves, just like perfume that you can't stop smelling even though there's something sour in it. She tells Sydney's he's never going to leave her, and she's going to make Sydney sorry for what she's done to her family. They call each other gross, and Rosalyn applauds Irving for being consistent and says, "Sometimes all you have in life are fucked up, poisonous choices." She then kisses Sydney hard on the mouth and walks away, laughing. A dazed Sydney wipes a big lipstick smear from her mouth. In the lobby, Rosalyn finds Pete and begins sobbing in his arms. Sydney walks away, turning around to see a very upset Rosalyn with Pete. She steps into the back room and whispers something to Irving. The group leaves Mr. Tellegio behind. He watches them go. On stage, in a ballroom, Carmine is introduced to the crowd. Irving is flustered from all the excitement of meeting Victor Tellegio, and takes a pill for his heart to calm himself down. Rosalyn walks by him with Pete. Sydney stands nearby with Richie, both listening to Carmine's enthusiastic speech to a cheering crowd of locals. Carmine further reveals that he really loves his community, and that has been his motivation for wanting to restore Atlantic City. Irving goes to one of his dry cleaners and opens a safe in the back. He takes out a lot of cash, as well as a handgun. He then stands inside the dry cleaner conveyor, the location where he first kissed Sydney. Meanwhile, Richie knocks on Sydney's door at her apartment. He still thinks she's Edith, a British woman. Richie tells her last night was insane and calls Stoddard to request the Sherman suite at the Plaza Hotel (an entire floor); Stoddard refuses. Richie explains that Carmine has admitted to taking bribes from members of Congress and reveals that Victor Tellegio is demanding ten million dollars in two weeks. He becomes ecstatic as Stoddard refuses to cooperate and hangs up the phone. He begins kissing Sydney, and asks her to calm him down; he then demands they finally have sex. As they begin getting intimate, she reminds him they're not going to go all the way until they get real. He tells her he loves her, and points out that everything has just gotten real. Moved by his feelings for her, they kiss some more, and she interrupts to tell him the truth that she's an American, not a British woman as she's been pretending. He is confused. She tells him she's falsified her records, and her name is Sydney Prosser from Albuquerque, New Mexico. He asks why she was doing an English accent after they agreed to be real in the stall; she says she needed the Edith persona to survive, the way he lives with his mom and fiancee he doesn't acknowledge, and curls his hair even though he has straight hair. She points out we all do things to survive. He says he's confused, and that maybe fucking will help. They begin to kiss again, but she's not into it; to get him away from her, she smashes a small framed picture over his head. Just then, Irving enters. He points his handgun at Richie and asks him to step away from Edith. He reveals he knows she is Sydney and that she is not British; she admits that she told him and doesn't care. Irving tells Richie what they've gotten into is worse than jail, and since they can't get ten million wired to Tellegio, the jig is up. Richie points out that when Tellegio finds out he's been had, he's not going to go after Richie (an FBI agent) or Carmine (a politician), he's going to go after Irving and his son, as well as Sydney. Richie calls Stoddard again and demands the suite of the Plaza Hotel and to be told the point of the fishing story; Stoddard replies, "Not the way you're behaving." Still frustrated, Richie asks Stoddard where he is and upon being told a location, says he's going to go there right now, to beat his ass. Irving and Sydney are left behind, terrified since they are now in danger. Sydney points out she was Irving's lifeline out, and he blew the chance to run away before. She tells him they have to get over on all these guys, and he agrees that, whatever they do, it will have to be the best con they've ever done. At the FBI headquarters, Anthony Amado is listening to a deposition from Stoddard about Richie threatening to kill him. It's then revealed that Richie has, in fact, beat up Stoddard with a telephone receiver, who has all kinds of bruises on his face and a bandage over his left eye. Richie uses the meeting to request the Sherman Suite in the Plaza Hotel; he points out that the mafia and crooked politicians have intersected, and that they can snag all of them with Anthony's approval. Anthony says he won't wire ten million dollars, but he will pay for the Sherman suite so they can record congressmen taking bribes. He tells Richie he's proud of him. Outside, Stoddard yells at Richie. Richie only asks how the fishing story ends, and when Stoddard refuses to tell him, Richie says he'll call Stoddard's brother. Stoddard replies, "My brother's dead!" Richie then thinks he's figured out the story: Stoddard's brother fell through the ice. Stoddard replies, "No, he died a different way many years later." (The ending to ice fishing story is never revealed) Richie makes amends with both Sydney and Irving in the Plaza Hotel. They set up a room in the Sherman suite with hidden cameras. Carmine calls several congressmen, and tries to convince them to make investment opportunities. Richie videotapes himself putting bribes into suitcases. They meet various congressmen and a senator, pitching the idea to each one. One agrees to expedite the sheikh's citizenship. Several others feel secure in investing because they know Carmine is a good man. One by one, they take all the bribes. Irving feels guilty, knowing Carmine only has good intentions. He steps outside and talks to Sydney who says the only way to help Carmine is through their plan for Tellegio, a plan that makes Irving nervous. Sydney assures him there's only one thing that can mess things up and that's his wife. Cut to Rosalyn dropping Danny off at school and then being picked up by the mob guy, Pete; she has her sweet and sour nail finish in hand. Pete and Rosalyn go to a fancy restaurant where Pete tries to convince her to go to Florida with him, leaving Irving behind. Rosalyn responds by venting about her husband, explaining that she hears him on the phone and that he loves Carmine but hates the curly-headed IRS guy. She expands, explaining that he's in some kind of bind, throwing money to Congress or something. Pete gives Rosalyn a huge wad of cash and says he has to leave to talk to his boss (Tellegio) back home. She tells Pete not to hurt Irving too hard. At home, Rosalyn goes home and sings along to Paul McCartney's "Live and Let Die" while she cleans her house. This is juxtaposed with Irving and Carmine ambushed by Pete and taken for a ride. Rosalyn tells Danny the truth about his father, and tells him not to repeat it. Outside, a car squeals up onto her driveway. Irving enters the house, yelling at Rosalyn, telling her that he knows she was in Pete's car because she had left her sweet and sour nail polish on the dashboard. This tipped him off to know he was in danger. During the drive, the mob guy in the backseat put a canvas bag over Irving's head and then pointed a gun at his neck. Rosalyn defends herself, telling him not to scream at her. But Irving is frantic since he knows how much danger she put him in. She replies, crying, saying she is left alone all day and she just wants him to love her but since he can't, she's going away with Pete. Irving is concerned about how much danger she'd be in if she moved to Florida with a mob guy. She says she only meets people through him, so whom else did he expect her to date instead of him? Irving struggles for a heart pill, and she asks him what kind of trouble he's in. He tells her he has a plan, and it came to him when he was in the canvas bag. We return to a few minutes earlier. Irving tells Pete that he has two million out of the ten that will be wired that week. At home, Rosalyn takes credit for Irving getting himself out of a bad situation, saying she knows how hard he is to motivate, and that she knew if she got Pete to knock some sense into his head, he would figure things out. She tells him about a book she's reading called The Power of Intention, and the reason she sent Pete to him was so Irving could come up with the plan. She tells him, "You're welcome," and in disbelief, he thanks her. Rosalyn tells him maybe she's a better partner than Edith (Sydney), and maybe he underestimated her. She tells him she'll tell Pete she was wrong about the IRS, but points out she was actually right and repeats her the power of intention motto. She then tells him he needs to grow up and face the facts that they should get a divorce. In voice-over, Irving explains that necessity is the mother of invention, and the FBI is willing to wire two million dollars if it means taking down Tellegio and his entire organization. Tellegio won't meet at a public place like the Plaza but only at the office of his attorney. So Irving, Sydney, and Richie visit a skyscraper in New York with high security. They are finally allowed inside, but Tellegio is not there-- only his lawyer, Alfonse Simone, and a secretary. Alfonse admits the trip was unnecessary because everything could have been done with a wire transfer. He gives the number of Tellegio's account on a piece of paper, and tells them Victor is out of town. Richie is upset and says they were willing to come in person to give two million dollars out of respect. Alfonse points out he still has the power of attorney, but Irving suggests they just leave; Sydney and he debate back and forth whether they should stay or not. Irving and Richie start to leave but Sydney stays behind and suggests they call the sheikh. Richie catches on and says they'll call the sheikh if Alfonse explains specifically what the money will be used for. Alfonse responds by revealing, "We will guarantee all proper licenses and construction permits for any hotel-casino that plans to open before the end of the year. And we'll throw in the customary privileges and protections." Richie asks, "What if there's obstacles? What will you do?" Alfonse responds, "If we have to pay somebody off, we'll pay somebody off. If we have to lean on somebody, intimidate somebody, we'll intimidate somebody." He also adds, "At the end of this, we'll teach you how to skim and make some money on the side because we invented skimming and have been doing it for 30 years." This is all captured on a video in Sydney's purse and on a wire in Richie's tie. Richie calls Anthony at the wiring desk with Brenda, the cat lady. Now that they have evidence against Tellegio, Anthony (talking on the phone as if he works for the sheikh) agrees to wire the money to catch Victor accepting a bribe. The money is transferred. Irving, Sydney, and Richie leave. Richie is ecstatic at getting evidence that Tellegio is corrupt. He goes back to the office, screaming about finally getting some respect as everyone in his office cheers. The recording of Alfonse admitting that they intimidate people to get what they want is played and everyone cheers again. In a great mood, Richie begins humping Stoddard's leg, laughing at him as Stoddard leaves the room, moping. Irving and Sydney drive to Carmine's house. While Sydney waits in the car, Irving gets out and reveals to Carmine that the sheikh was a fake and that he was working with the Feds. Carmine gets upset, pointing out that he's been a politician for 20 years and that he didn't want to take the money, but Irving chased after him to convince him to do business, even though his judgment told him to leave. Carmine adds that everything he did was for the good of the people of New Jersey, and he had no selfish motives. Irving knows this is true, and says he has some leverage to make it right. Carmine is just upset, pointing out the ceremonial knife he has on display in his living room and how much he's been fooled. Carmine kicks Irving out of his house as all of Carmine's sons and daughters watch from his staircase, in tears. Irving collapses on his way back to the car, stressed and fumbling for heart pills. Sydney helps him back to the car. They rest on the seats; she kisses his hand and it's obvious they are in love again. Cut to Richie, Stoddard, and Anthony with accusatory stares at the FBI headquarters. Sydney and Irving stand opposite them. Anthony reveals the two million dollars that was wired is missing. An anonymous phone call has told them that in exchange for immunity for Sydney and Irving, and a reduced sentence for Carmine Polito, they will get their two million dollars back. Irving and Sydney refuse any involvement. Richie points out that they can be charged for wire fraud but Irving points out that it was Richie that requested the two million (Irving had tried to convince them to leave), and Richie had given the wiring instructions. Irving also points out that if the public found out about Richie's gross incompetence, the FBI would be a laughing stock. It turns out that when Richie went back to bust Alfonse Simone, there was a divorce attorney there instead. The man Rich thought was Alfonso Simone was actually Ed Malone, the mutual con artist friend who threw the party that Irving first met Sydney at. Richie defends himself by saying he was conned; Irving points out that it makes him look just as incompetent, since he was conned by the very same con men whom he forced to entrap the members of Congress in the first place. He also points out that Richie was only able to find evidence against good guys like Carmine who were really just working to better New Jersey; and that he didn't get anything on the big guys like Tellegio. Stoddard tells Richie he should go home, and that he won't be involved with the case anymore, except for witness testimony. Six congressmen, one senator, and Carmine Polito are all arrested. Because the two million is given back by Irving and Sydney, Carmine's sentence is reduced to 18 months. When the story was written, all accounts of Richie's involvement are left out; he never gets the glory he craved for so long. Sydney and Irving move in together; Rosalyn goes on to live with Pete, who tells Irving that Victor Tellegio appreciates him for making sure he was free of any conviction (since he never took any money, since the two million dollars was wired to Irving and Sydney instead). Before they go, Rosalyn gives Irving the sweet and sour nail finish she says he loves. Sydney becomes a surrogate mother to Danny for whenever Rosalyn's out of town with Pete. She and Irving get a loan from a bank and begin to sell legitimate paintings. The last shot is Sydney back at her apartment, putting Duke Ellington on the record player and staring seductively at Irving. 
 American Psycho (2000)431) A wealthy New York City investment banking executive, Patrick Bateman, hides his alternate psychopathic ego from his co-workers and friends as he delves deeper into his violent, hedonistic fantasies. It's the late 1980s. Twenty-seven year old Wall Streeter Patrick Bateman travels among a closed network of the proverbial beautiful people, that closed network in only they able to allow others like themselves in in a feeling of superiority. Patrick has a routinized morning regimen to maintain his appearance of attractiveness and fitness. He, like those in his network, are vain, narcissistic, egomaniacal and competitive, always having to one up everyone else in that presentation of oneself, but he, unlike the others, realizes that, for himself, all of these are masks to hide what is truly underneath, someone/something inhuman in nature. In other words, he is comprised of a shell resembling a human that contains only greed and disgust, greed in wanting what others may have, and disgust for those who do not meet his expectations and for himself in not being the first or the best. That disgust ends up manifesting itself in wanting to rid the world of those people, he not seeing them as people but only of those characteristics he wants to rid. Huggo Patrick Bateman is handsome, well educated and intelligent. He is twenty-seven and living his own American dream. He works by day on Wall Street, earning a fortune to complement the one he was born with. At night he descends into madness, as he experiments with fear and violence. Lion Films Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A white background. Red drops begin to fall past the opening credits. The drops become a red sauce on a plate. A slab of meat is cut with a knife and garnished with raspberries, then placed on a table. The camera moves over various dishes, most of which are very small and look very expensive. The restaurant is furnished in pinks and greens, and everyone is well-dressed. Waiters tell customers ridiculously decadent specials like squid ravioli and swordfish meatloaf. The setting is New York City, sometime in the 1980s. The vice-presidents of Pierce and Pierce, a Wall Street financial institution, are seated around a table. They include Timothy Bryce (Justin Theroux), Craig McDermott (Josh Lucas), David Van Paten (Bill Sage) and Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale). Bryce says "This is a chick's restaurant. Why aren't we at Dorsia?" McDermott replies "Because Bateman won't give the maitre d' head." Bateman flicks a toothpick at him. They discuss various people in the restaurant, including who Bateman believes to be Paul Allen across the room. Van Paten returns from the bathroom and says that there's no good place to do coke in. They discuss the fact that Allen is handling the Fisher account, which leads McDermott to make racist remarks about Allen being Jewish. "Jesus, McDermott, what does that have to do with anything?" says Patrick. "I've seen that bastard sitting in his office spinning a fucking menorah." Bateman rebukes him. "Not a menorah. A dreidel, you spin a dreidel." McDermott replies "Do you want me to fry you up some potato pancakes? Some latkes?" "No, just cool it with the anti-Semitic remarks." "Oh I forgot. Bateman's dating someone from the ACLU!" Bryce calls Bateman the voice of reason. Looking at the check he remarks "Speaking of reasonable, only $570." They all drop their Platinum American Express cards on top of the bill. At a nightclub, Bryce takes some money out of a clip and gives it to a man in drag, who lets them inside. As some 80's pop music plays from overhead, the men dance while strobe lights flash and some women on stage wave around prop guns like something out of a grind house flick. Bateman orders a drink and hands the bartender a drink ticket, but she tells him drink tickets are no good and that he has to pay in cash. He pays, and then when she's out of earshot, he says "You're a fucking ugly bitch. I want to stab you to death, then play around with your blood." He takes his drink with a smile. The camera pans through Bateman's apartment the next morning. Everything is shades of white, with black counters and shelves. It is sparsely decorated, but looks expensive. "I live in the American Gardens building on West 81st street, on the 11th floor. My name is Patrick Bateman. I'm 27 years old." He describes his diet and exercise routine, and his meticulous daily grooming rituals, which involves no less than 9 different lotions and cleansers. "There is an idea of a Patrick Bateman," he says while peeling off his herb-mint facial mask. "Some kind of abstraction. But there is no 'real me'. Only an entity. Something illusory. And though I can hide my cold gaze, and you can shake my hand and feel flesh gripping yours, and maybe you can even sense our lifestyles are probably comparable, I simply am not there." Sweeping over the skyline of downtown New York, the song Walking on Sunshine starts playing. Walking down the hallway to his office, Bateman listens to this song on his headphones with absolutely no expression on his face. Someone passes by him and says "Hey Hamilton. Nice tan." Everyone in the hallway has expensive suits and slicked-back hair. He walks by his secretary, Jean (Chloe Sevigny), to his office door. She's dressed in a long coat and shirt that are too big for her. "Aerobics class, sorry. Any messages?" She follows him into his corner office. She tells him someone cancelled, but she doesn't know what he cancelled or why. "I occasionally box with him at the Harvard Club." She tells him someone named Spencer wants to meet for drinks. He tells her to cancel it. "What should I say?" "Just say no." He tells her to make reservations for him at a restaurant for lunch, as well as dinner reservations at Arcadia on Thursday. "Something romantic?" "No, silly. Forget it. I'll make them. Just get me a mineral water." She tells him he looks nice. Without looking at her, he tells her not to wear that outfit. "Wear a dress or a skirt. You're prettier than that." The phone starts ringing, and he tells her to tell anyone who calls that he isn't there. "And high heels." She leaves. He puts his feet up and starts watching Jeopardy on his office TV. A taxicab makes its way through Chinatown. Inside, Bateman is trying to listen to the new Robert Palmer album on his headphones, but his "supposed" fiance Evelyn (Reese Witherspoon) keeps distracting him with ideas for their wedding. He says he can't take the time off work to get married. "Your father practically owns the company. You can do anything you like, silly. You hate that job anyway, I don't see why you don't just quit." "Because... I want... to fit... IN." The cab drives up to a restaurant called Espace. "I'm on the verge of tears as we arrive, since I'm positive we won't have a decent table. But we do, and relief washes over me, in an awesome wave." Bryce it already seated next to two punk-rock teens smoking cigarettes. "This is my cousin Vanden and her boyfriend Stash," says Evelyn. Bryce kisses Evelyn on both cheeks, and then starts kissing her neck, slightly crossing the line. Bateman looks at his blurry reflection in a metal menu. As they eat sushi, he remarks "I'm fairly certain that Timothy Bryce and Evelyn are having an affair. Timothy is the only interesting person I know." Bateman doesn't care because he's also having an affair with Courtney Rawlinson, her best friend. "She's usually operating on one or more psychiatric drugs, tonight I believe it's Xanax." She's also engaged to Luis Carruthers, "the biggest doofus in the business." Courtney and Luis are seated beside him, and Courtney, slurring her words, asks Stash whether he thinks Soho is becoming too commercial. "Yes. I read that," says Luis. "Oh who gives a rat's ass," says Bryce. "That affects us," says Vanden. "What about the massacres in Sri Lanka, honey? Don't you know that the Sikhs are killing like, tons of Israelis over there?" Bateman tells him there are more important problems to worry about than Sri Lanka. He tells them they include Apartheid, nuclear arms, terrorism, and world hunger. "We have to provide food and shelter for the homeless, and oppose racial discrimination and promote civil rights, while also promoting equal right for women. We have to encourage a return to traditional moral values. Most importantly, we have to promote general social concern, and less materialism in young people." Bryce almost chokes on his drink as he starts laughing. "Patrick, how thought-provoking," Luis says, feigning tears. Patrick takes a swig of his whiskey. It's nighttime. Patrick takes some money out of an ATM. A woman walks by and he starts following her. They stop at a crosswalk and he says "hello". She hesitantly says hello back. The sign changes to walk and they cross the street. The next day, Bateman argues with an old Chinese woman who runs a dry cleaners. Another Chinese man is looking at some bed sheets with a huge red stain on them. Bateman is trying to tell her that you can't bleach that type of sheet, and that they are very expensive. She continues to babble in a language he can't understand. "Lady, if you don't shut your fucking mouth, I will kill you." She is shocked, but still won't speak English. "I can't understand you! You're a fool! Stupid bitch-ee!" A woman comes in the door and recognizes him. Her name is Victoria. He says hi to her. "It's so silly to come all the way up here," she says, "but they really are the best." "Then why can't they get these stains out?" he says, showing her the sheets. "Can you get through to them? I'm getting nowhere." "What are those?" she says, looking wide-eyed at the stains. "Uh, well it's cranberry juice. Cran-apple." She looks skeptical. He tells her he has a lunch date in 15 minutes, and she tries to make plans with him. He tells her he's booked solid. "What about Saturday?" "Next Saturday? Can't. Matinee of Les Mis." He promises to call her, and then leaves. Patrick paces his apartment in his underwear, on the phone with Courtney Rawlinson (Samantha Mathis). A porno movie is playing on his TV. "You're dating Luis, he's in Arizona. You're fucking me and we haven't made plans. What could you possibly be up to tonight?" She says she's waiting for Luis to call. "Pumpkin you're dating an asshole. Pumpkin you're dating the biggest dickweed in New York. Pumpkin you're dating a tumbling, tumbling dickweed." She tells him to stop calling her pumpkin. He insists that they have dinner, and when she says no, he says he can get them a table at Dorsia. This perks her interest. He tells her to wear something nice. He calls the restaurant, and asks if he can make a reservation for two at 8:00 or 8:30. There is a moment of silence on the other end of the phone, then the man on the other end starts laughing uncontrollably. Patrick hangs up. In a limo, Patrick listens to Courtney describe her day, while she is almost passing out from her medication. "Is that Donald Trump's car?" he asks, looking out the window. Patrick's face is blurred through the plastic divider of the limo. She tells him to shut up. He tells her to take some more lithium, or coke or caffeine to get her out of her slump. "I just want a child," she says, absently looking out the window. "Just two... perfect... children." At the restaurant, she nearly falls asleep at the table and Patrick touches her shoulder and wakes her up. "Are we here?" she asks sleepily. "Yeah," he says, sitting down. "This is Dorsia?" "Yes dear," he says, opening the menu which clearly says Barcadia across it. He tells her she's going to have the peanut butter soup with smoked duck and mashed squash. "New York Matinee called it a 'playful but mysterious little dish. You'll love it." He orders her the red snapper with violets and pine nuts to follow. She thanks him, and then passes out in her chair. A conference table at P&P the next day. Luis thanks Patrick for looking after Courtney. "Dorsia, how impressive. How on Earth did you get a reservation there?" "Lucky I guess," replies Patrick. Luis compliments him on his suit. "Valentino Couture?" "Uh-huh." Luis tries to touch it, but Patrick slaps his hand away. "Your compliment was sufficient Luis." Paul Allen comes up to them. "Hello Halberstram. Nice tie. How the hell are ya?" Narrating, Patrick explains that Allen has mistaken him for "this dickhead Marcus Halberstram." They both work at P&P and do the same exact work, and wear the same glasses and suits. "Marcus and I even go to the same barber. Although I have a slightly better haircut." Allen and Patrick discuss accounts. He asks him about Cecilia, Marcus' girlfriend. "She's great, I'm very lucky," replies Patrick. Bryce and McDermott come in, congratulating Allen on the Fisher account. "Thank you, Baxter." Bryce asks him if he wants to play squash. Allen gives him his card out of his case. An audible tremor goes through the room. "Call me." "How about Friday?" says Bryce. "No can do. I got an 8:30 rez at Dorsia. Great sea urchin seviche." He leaves. Bryce wonders how he managed to swing that. McDermott thinks he's lying. Bateman takes out his new business card, which reads "Patrick BATEMAN - Vice President". "What do you think?" "Very nice," says McDermott. "I picked them up from the printers yesterday." "Nice coloring," says Bryce. "That's 'bone'. And the lettering is something called 'silian rail'." "Cool Bateman. But that's nothing," says Van Paten, laying his card down next to Patrick's. "That is really nice," says Bryce. "Eggshell with romalian type. What do you think?" Van Paten asks Patrick. "Nice," Patrick says, visibly jealous. "How did a nitwit like you get so tasteful?" says Bryce. Biting his nails, Patrick can't believe Bryce prefers Van Paten's card. "You ain't seen nothing yet," says Bryce, taking out his own card. "Raised lettering, pale nimbus, white." Another tremor goes through the room. Holding back his rage, Bateman tells him it's very nice. "Let's see Paul Allen's card." Bryce takes it out of his pocket and hands it to Bateman. It shines with an ethereal glow in the dim light of the conference room, even though it is basically identical to the rest of their cards. Narrating, Patrick says "Look at the subtle off-white coloring. The tasteful thickness of it. Oh my God. It even has a watermark!" He drops the card on the table. "Something wrong?" asks Luis. "Patrick? You're sweating." Nighttime. Patrick walks by a courthouse on his way home. Steam rises from underground vents. He walks through an alley, a black shadow under a pale streetlight. He stops and looks behind him, to see a homeless man by some piles of trash. "Hello. Pat Bateman. Do you want some money? Some food?" He starts taking out some money. "I'm hungry," says the bum. "It's cold out too isn't it? If you're so hungry, why don't you get a job?" The bum says he lost his job. "Why? Were you drinking? Insider trading? Just joking." He asks him his name, and the bum says his name is Al. "Get a god-damn job, Al! You have a negative attitude. That's what's stopping you." He promises to help him get his act together. Al tells him he's a kind man. He puts his hand on Patrick's arm, and Patrick pulls it off, visibly disgusted. "You know how bad you smell? You reek of shit. You know that?" He laughs, and then apologizes. "I don't have anything in common with you." He bends down and opens his briefcase. "Oh thank you mister, thank you. It's cold out here..." "You know what a fucking loser you are?" Patrick suddenly takes a knife out of the briefcase and stabs the bum three times in the stomach, than pushes the shocked man to the ground. The dog barks at Patrick, so he stomps it with his foot, hard enough to kill it. He picks up his briefcase and walks away down the alley. A health spa. A young Asian woman rubs some lotion on Patrick's face. She compliments him on his smooth skin. Later, another Asian woman gives him a manicure. "I have all the characteristics of a human being. Flesh. Blood. Skin. Hair. But not a single, clear, identifiable emotion, except for greed, and disgust. Something horrible is happening inside me, and I don't know why." He is lying in a tanning bed now. "My nightly bloodlust has overflowed into my days. I feel lethal, on the verge of frenzy. I think my mask of sanity is about to slip." A Christmas party. A short man in an elf costume hands out glasses of champagne. 'Deck The Halls' is playing in the background. Patrick takes one, scowling at the bizarre costumes. Someone comes up to him and calls him by the wrong name. "Hey Hamilton. Have a holly-jolly Christmas," says Patrick. "Is Allen still handling the Fisher account?" He points to Paul Allen across the room. "Of course. Who else?" Evelyn comes up to them. "Mistletoe alert! Merry X-mas Patrick. You're late honey." "I've been here the entire time, you just didn't see me." A man behind him puts cloth antlers on Patrick's head without him noticing. "Say hello to Snowball. Snowball says 'hello Patrick'", she says in a childish voice. "What is it?" Patrick looks with disgust at the creature in her arms. "It's a little baby piggy-wiggy, isn't it? It's a Vietnamese potbellied pig. They make darling pets. Don't you? Don't you?" Patrick looks ready to vomit as she pets the animal. "Stop scowling Patrick. You're such a Grinch. What does Mr. Grinch want for Christmas? And don't say breast implants again." Ignoring her, he goes to mingle with the rest of the party. 'Joy to the World' is playing. He says hi to Paul Allen. "Hey Marcus. Merry Christmas, how've you been. Workaholic I suppose?" He calls to Hamilton that they are going to Nell's bar, and that the limo is out front. Patrick says that they should have dinner. Paul suggests that he bring Cecilia. "Cecilia would adore it." "Then let's do it, Marcus." Evelyn comes up to them. Paul compliments her on the party, and then walks away. "Why is he calling you Marcus?" asks Evelyn. Ignoring this, Patrick says "Mistletoe alert!", and kisses her while waving a leafy branch. A restaurant. Most of the tables are empty. Patrick takes his reservation under the name Marcus Halberstram. He is led to a table where Paul is already seated, and he is arguing with a waiter. "I ordered the cilantro crawfish gumbo, which is of course the only excuse one could have for being at this restaurant, which is, by the way, almost completely empty." Patrick ignores this and orders a J&B straight and a Corona. The waiter, who looks slightly effeminate and has a red bandana around his neck, starts to list the specials, but Paul cuts him off and orders a double Absolut martini. "Yes sir. Would you like to hear the specials?" "Not if you want to keep your spleen," says Patrick. The waiter leaves. "This is a real beehive of activity Halberstram. This place is hot, very hot," Paul comments sarcastically. "The mud soup and charcoal arugula are outrageous here," replies Patrick. Paul derides him for being late. "I'm a child of divorce, give me a break. I see they've omitted the pork loin with lime Jell-o." Paul says he could have gotten them a table at Dorsia instead. "Nobody goes there anymore. Is that Ivana Trump?" Patrick says, looking behind him. "Oh geez Patrick. I mean Marcus. What are you thinking? Why would Ivana be at Texarkana?" He asks how Paul ended up getting the Fisher account. "Well I could tell you that Halberstram... but then I'd have to kill ya!" He laughs. Patrick simply stares at him with a vicious smile. They pick at their meals. Patrick says "I like to dissect girls. Did you know I'm utterly insane?" Paul doesn't seem to hear him. He compliments him on his tan. When Patrick says he goes to a salon, Paul says he has a tanning bed at home. "You should look into it." Patrick can barely suppress his rage. Paul asks about Cecilia. "I think she's having dinner with Evelyn Williams." "Evelyn! Great ass. She goes out with that loser Patrick Bateman, what a dork!" Patrick chuckles with inner contempt. "Another martini Paul?" Patrick's apartment. Paul lounges drunk on a chair with a bottle of liquor on the floor beside him. Newspapers are taped to the floor of the living room. Patrick picks up a CD. "Do you like Huey Lewis and the News?" "They're OK," says Paul. Patrick continues "Their early work was a little too new wave for my tastes, but when 'Sports' came out in '83, I think they really came into their own. Commercially and artistically." He goes to the bathroom and puts on a raincoat. "The whole album has a clear crisp sound, and a new sheen of consummate professionalism, that really gives the songs a big boost!" He takes a valium, washes it down, looks at himself in the mirror, and walks back into the living room. On his way back he grabs an axe. Moonwalking backwards, he says that Huey has been compared to Elvis Costello, but that Huey has a more cynical sense of humor. He puts the axe down and starts buttoning up the raincoat behind Paul. "Hey Halberstram," says Paul. "Why are there copies of the Style section all over the floor? Do you have a dog? A little chow or something?" He laughs. "No Allen." "Is that a raincoat?" "Yes it is!" He goes over to the CD player and presses a button. The song 'Hip to Be Square' starts playing. "In '87, Huey released this, Fore, their most accomplished album. I think their undisputed masterpiece is 'Hip to Be Square'." He dances over to the kitchen where he left the axe. "The song is so catchy, most people probably don't listen to the lyrics, but they should, because it's not just about the pleasures of conformity and the importance of trends, it's also a personal statement about the band itself! Hey Paul!" Paul looks around too late to see Patrick charge at him with the axe. Screaming, he swings it into Paul's head splattering blood all over his own face. Paul falls to the floor, pouring blood all over the newspapers. Patrick yells "Try getting a reservation at Dorsia now you fucking stupid bastard!" He swings it down again, and again, screaming, decapitating him. "You... fucking... bastard!" He finally drops the axe and begins composing himself. He takes off the raincoat. He fixes his hair and lights up a cigar. 'Hip to Be Square' continues to play from the stereo. Patrick drags the body through the lobby of his building in a black bag. A trail of blood pours from the bottom of the bag. The doorman looks up at him, and then goes back to writing something. Patrick hails a cab outside, and starts stuffing the bag into the trunk. A voice says his name from the sidewalk. It's Luis. "Patrick. Is that you?" "No Luis. It's not me. You're mistaken." He introduces Patrick to an attractive Asian woman. "We're going to Nell's. Gwendolyn's father is buying it. Ooh. Where did you get that overnight bag?" He eyes the bag with the corpse inside it. "Jean-Paul Gaultier." Patrick slams the trunk and heads off. Later, he arrives at Paul's apartment. "I almost panic when I realize that Paul's place overlooks the park, and is obviously more expensive than mine." He finds his suitcases and starts to pack. "It's time for Paul to take a little trip." He throws some clothes in a suitcase, and then goes to the answering machine. In his best imitation of Paul's voice, he records "It's Paul. I've been called away to London for a few days. Meredith, I'll call you when I get back. Hasta la vista, baby." He takes the suitcase and leaves. In his office the next day, Patrick listens to the song 'The Lady in Red' by Chris De Burgh on his headphones. Jean comes in and tells him that there's someone named Donald Kimball there to see him. "Who?" "Detective Donald Kimball." He looks through the office window. "Tell him I'm at lunch." "Patrick, it's only 10:30. I think he knows you're here." "Send him in, I guess," he says resignedly. Jean goes to get him. Patrick picks up the phone and starts having a pretend conversation with someone, giving him advice on clothes and salons. "Always tip the stylist fifteen percent. Listen John I've gotta go. T. Boone Pickens just walked in. Heh, just joking. No, don't tip the owner of the salon. Right. Got it." He hangs up and apologizes to Kimball. "No I'm sorry, I should have made an appointment. Was that anything important?" Patrick gives a vague synopsis of the call. "Mulling over business problems, examining opportunities, exchanging rumors, spreading gossip." They introduce themselves to each other and shake hands. Kimball apologizes again for barging in. Patrick stuffs some magazines and his walkman into a desk drawer. "So, what's the topic of discussion?" Kimball explains that Meredith hired him to investigate the disappearance of Paul Allen. "I just have some basic questions." Patrick offers him coffee, which he turns down. He offers him a bottle of water, which he also turns down. Bateman presses the intercom button anyways and tells Jean to bring some water. "It's no problem." He asks what the topic of discussion is again, and Kimball repeats he's investigating the disappearance of Paul Allen. Jean comes in with a bottle, and Patrick quickly puts a coaster down before she can put it on the desk. He tells Kimball he hasn't heard anything. "I think his family wants this kept quiet." "Understandable. Lime?" offers Bateman. Kimball insists he's ok. He asks Patrick his age, where he went to school, and his address, the American Gardens building, which Kimball says is very nice. "Thanks," Patrick says smugly. Kimball asks what he knew about Paul Allen. "I'm at a loss. He was part of that whole Yale thing." Kimball asks him what he means. "Well I think for one that he was probably a closet homosexual who did a lot of cocaine. That Yale thing." Kimball asks what kind of person Paul was. "I hope I'm not being cross-examined here." "You feel like that?" "No. Not really." Kimball asks where Paul hung out. Patrick names some places including a yacht club. "He had a yacht?" "No, he just hung out there." "And where did he go to school?" "Don't you know this?" "I just wanted to know if you know." Patrick tells him St. Paul's, then says he just wants to help. "I understand." Patrick asks if he has any witnesses or fingerprints. Kimball tells him about the message on the answering machine, and that Meredith doesn't think he went to London. "Has anyone seen him in London?" "Actually, yes. But I'm having a hard time getting actual verification." He tells him that someone thought they saw Paul there but mistook someone else for him. Patrick asks whether the apartment had been burglarized. Kimball tells him about the missing luggage. Patrick asks whether the police had become involved yet, but Kimball says no. "Basically, no-one's seen or heard anything. It's just strange. One day someone's walking around, going to work, alive, and then..." "Nothing." "People just disappear," says Kimball with a sigh. Bateman says "The earth just... opens up and swallows them." "Eerie. Really eerie." Bateman excuses himself by telling Kimball he has a lunch appointment with Cliff Huxtable at the Four Seasons in 20 minutes. "The Four Seasons? Isn't that a little far up town? I mean, aren't you going to be late?" "No, there's one down here." Patrick promises to call him if he hears anything, and shows him the door. Patrick does stomach crunches while watching The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, and then does some jump-rope. Nighttime. A seedy part of town. A blonde woman in a blue coat, a hooker, stands in front of a warehouse on a street corner. She has a face that says she's been hooker for too long. A limousine drives up. Patrick rolls the window down as the car stops in front of her. "I haven't seen you around here," he tells her. "Well you just haven't been looking." "Would you like to see my apartment?" She is reluctant. He holds out some money and asks again. "I'm not supposed to, but I can make an exception," she says, taking the money. "Do you take a credit card? Just joking." He opens the door and invites her in. The car drives away. Patrick makes a phone call on a large cordless phone. "I'd like a girl, early 20's, blonde, who does couples. And I really can't stress blonde enough. Blonde." He hangs up. He tells her his name is Paul Allen, and that he's going to call her Christie. "You'll respond only to Christie, is that clear?" She nods. Patrick's apartment. Patrick pours some mineral water into a bathtub, where Christie is bathing and drinking champagne. "That's a very fine chardonnay you're drinking." The song 'If You Don't Know Me by Now' is playing in the background. Patrick is dressed in a suit and bow tie. "I want you to clean your vagina," he tells her. She puts down the champagne and picks up a bath sponge. "From behind. Get on your knees." He tells her she has a nice body, playfully splashing her with water. The phone rings. It's the second girl in the lobby downstairs. He tells the doorman to send her up. He tells Christie to dry off and choose a robe, then come to the living room. He opens the door for the second girl, and takes her coat. "I'm Paul. Not quite blonde, are you? More like dirty blonde. I'm going to call you Sabrina. I'm Paul Allen." He asks both girls if they want to know what he does for a living. They both say no, lewdly. "Well, I work on Wall Street. At Pierce and Pierce. Have you heard of it?" Sabrina shakes her head, and Patrick clenches his jaw. "You have a really nice place here Paul," says Christie. "How much did you pay for it?" "Well actually Christie, that's none of your business. But I can assure you, it certainly wasn't cheap." Sabrina starts to take out a cigarette. "No! No smoking in here." He offers them chocolate truffles. "I don't want to get you drunk, but uh, that's a very fine chardonnay you're not drinking." He goes over to the stereo and puts on a Phil Collins CD. "I've been a big Genesis fan ever since the release of their 1980 album, 'Duke'. Before that, I really didn't understand any of their work. It was too artsy. Too intellectual. It was on Duke where Phil Collin's presence became more apparent." He goes and stands in the doorway of the bedroom, invitingly. "I think Invisible Touch is the group's undisputed masterpiece." The girls follow him into the bedroom. "It's an epic meditation on intangibility. At the same time it deepens and enriches the meaning of the preceding three albums." He tells Christie to take off the robe, which she does. "Listen to the brilliant ensemble playing of Banks, Collins and Rutherford. You can practically hear every nuance of each instrument," he says, setting up a video camera on a tripod. He tells Sabrina to remove her dress. "In terms of lyrical craftsmanship, and sheer songwriting, this album hits a new peak of professionalism. Sabrina, why don't you dance a little? Take the lyrics to 'Land of Confusion'. In this song, Phil Collins addresses the abuse of political authority. 'In Too Deep' is the most moving pop song of the 1980s," he continues, wrapping a scarf around Christie's neck while Sabrina dances in her lingerie. "About monogamy and commitment. The song is extremely uplifting. Their lyrics are as positive and affirmative as anything I've heard in rock." He turns the camera on and points it towards the bed. "Christie, get down on your knees so Sabrina can see your asshole. Phil Collin's solo career seems to be more commercial, and therefore more satisfying in a narrower way. Especially songs like 'In the Air Tonight' and 'Against All Odds'. Sabrina, don't just stare at it, eat it. But I also think Phil Collins works better within the confines of the group than as a solo artist. And I stress the word 'artist'." He goes to the stereo and switches CDs. "This is 'Sussudio', a great, great song. A personal favorite." He walks back to the bedroom, unbuttoning his shirt. He has sex with both women at once. He flexes his muscles and admires himself in the mirror while doing them doggy-style. He makes them look into the camera. They do oral sex, then missionary. Patrick flexes his muscles in the mirror again. Christie rolls her eyes. They do more doggy-style. Patrick sleeps with a woman on either side of him. He awakens some time later. Christie's arm touches his. "Don't touch the watch." He gets up and goes over to the dresser. The women get up and start to dress. He opens a drawer to reveal a collection of scissors, carving tools and other sharp objects. He takes out a coat hanger. "Can we go now?" asks Christie. "We're not through yet." Some time later, he pays them and shows them the door. They take the money quickly and appear to be in tears. Sabrina's nose is bleeding. They leave and he closes the door behind them. McDermott, Van Paten and Bateman are seated in a bar lounge with drinks in front of them, discussing women. "If they have a good personality and they are not great looking, who fucking cares?" says McDermott. "Well let's just say hypothetically, what if they have a good personality?" replies Bateman. There is a moment of silence, and then all three men burst out laughing. "There are no girls with good personalities!" they say in unison, high-fiving each other. Van Paten says "A good personality consists of a chick with a little hard body who will satisfy all sexual demands without being too slutty about things, and who will essentially keep her dumb fucking mouth shut." McDermott continues: "The only girls with good personalities who are smart or maybe funny or halfway intelligent or talented, though god knows what the fuck that means, are ugly chicks." Van Paten agrees. "And this is because they have to make up for how fucking unattractive they are." Bateman asks them if they know what Ed Gein said about women. Van Paten: "Ed Gein? Maitre d' at Canal Bar?" "No. Serial killer. Wisconsin. The 50's." "What did Ed say?" "He said 'When I see a pretty girl walking down the street, I think two things. One part wants me to take her out, talk to her, be real nice and sweet and treat her right.'" McDermott: "And what did the other part of him think?" "What her head would look like on a stick!" Bateman laughs heartily, but Van Paten and McDermott just look at each other nervously. Luis comes up to their table and says hello. He takes out his new business card and asks their opinion on it. It is a nice looking card with gold lettering. Van Paten says it looks nice. McDermott is uninterested. Bateman swallows as a dramatic crescendo of music starts. Luis leaves and walks up the stairs. Bateman watches him go and Luis gives him look back over his shoulder. Van Paten asks about dinner. "Is that all you ever have to contribute?" snaps Bateman. "Fucking dinner?" McDermott tells him to cheer up. "What's the matter? No shiatsu this morning?" Bateman pushes his hand away as he tries to touch his shoulder. "Do that again and you'll draw back a stub." McDermott tells him "Hang on there little buddy," but Bateman stands up and goes up the stairs behind Luis. Putting on his leather gloves, he enters a bathroom with nice wallpaper and gold mirrors. He slowly walks up behind Luis who is using a urinal. Hands shaking, he slowly puts his fingers around Luis' neck. Luis turns around, looks at Patrick's hands, takes off one of his gloves, and plants a kiss on the back of his hand. "God. Patrick, why here?" Patrick is too shocked to say anything and he can't bring himself to kill Luis. "I've seen you looking at me. I've noticed your... hot body," Luis says, rubbing a finger over Patrick's mouth. "Don't be shy. You can't imagine how long I've wanted this, ever since that Christmas party at Arizona 206. You know the one where you were wearing that red striped paisley Armani tie..." Patrick walks over to the sink in a daze and starts washing his hands, with his gloves still on. He looks like he's about to cry. Luis walks up behind him. "I want you. I want you too!" Patrick starts walking towards the door. "Patrick?" "WHAT IS IT?" he yells. "Where are you going?" "I've got to return some videotapes." He rushes down the stairs. He runs into a man holding a tray of glasses. Looking up the stairs, he sees Luis make a 'call me' gesture with his hand. He leaves without saying a word to McDermott or Van Paten. Patrick walks down the hall to his office. He stops. Kimball is leaning over Jean's desk, talking to her about any reservations Paul Allen might have made. "I've been wanting to talk with you, come into my office," Patrick says, shaking his hand. "Jean. Great jacket. Matsuda?" Inside his office. "Do you remember where you were the night of Paul's disappearance?" asks Kimball. "Which was on the 20th of December." "God. I guess I was probably returning videotapes." He looks at his datebook. "I had a date with a girl named Veronica." "That's not what I've got," says Kimball. "What?" "That's not the information I've received." "What information have you received? I could be wrong." "When was the last time you were with Paul Allen?" "We'd gone to a new musical called 'Oh Africa, Brave Africa'. It was laugh riot. That was about it. I think we had dinner. I hope I've been informative. Long day. I'm a bit scattered." "I'm a bit scattered too. How about lunch in a week or so, when I've sorted out all of this information?" Patrick says okay. Kimball asks him to sort out exactly where he was on the night of the disappearance. "Absolutely. I'm with you on that one." Kimball takes a CD out of his briefcase. "Huey Lewis and the News! Great stuff! I just bought it on my way over here! Have you heard it?" Patrick is stunned, and terrified of possibly becoming friends with this man. "Never. I mean I don't really like singers." "Not a big music fan, huh?" "No I like music, just they're... Huey's too black sounding for me." "To each his own." Kimball closes his briefcase. "So, lunch next week?" "I'll be there." Patrick and Courtney are having sex. Patrick orgasms, then rolls off her. He pulls a stuffed black cat from underneath himself, putting it on Courtney's lap. He gets off the bed and starts getting dressed in front of a mirror. "Will you call me before Easter?" she asks. "Maybe." "What are you doing tonight?" "Dinner at uh, River Cafe." "That's nice," she says, lighting a cigarette. "I never knew you smoked." "You never noticed. Listen, Patrick, can we talk?" "You look... marvelous. There's nothing to say," he says, shutting her out. "You're going to marry Luis." "Isn't that special... Patrick? If I don't see you before Easter, have a nice one okay?" she asks, with a hint of depression in her voice. "You too." He starts to leave. "Patrick?" "Yeah?" "Nothing..." He leaves. A club. Androgynous men and women pack the dance floor. The song 'Pump up the Volume' is playing. Bryce is telling Bateman about STDs while in line to use private stalls for drugs. "There's this theory now that if you can catch the AIDS virus by having sex with someone who is infected, you can catch anything. Alzheimer's, muscular dystrophy, hemophilia, leukemia, diabetes, dyslexia!" "I'm not sure but I don't think dyslexia is a disease," says Bateman. "But who knows? They don't know that. Prove it." Bryce snorts some white powder. "Oh God. It's a fucking milligram of sweetener." Patrick sniffs some. "I want to get high off this, not sprinkle it on my fucking oatmeal." "It's definitely weak, but I have a feeling if we do enough of it we'll be okay," says Bateman. Someone leans over the divider. "Could you keep it down? I'm trying to do drugs!" "Fuck you!" says Bryce. Bateman tells him to calm down. "We'll do it anyway." "That is if the faggot in the next STALL thinks it's okay!" "Fuck you!" says the man. "Fuck YOU!" says Bryce. "Sorry dude. Steroids. Okay let's do it." A club balcony. The song 'What's On Your Mind' is playing. Three blonde women are seated across from Patrick. One of them asks where Craig went. Bryce tells them Gorbachev is downstairs and McDermott went to sign a peace treaty. "He's the one behind Glasnost." Bryce makes a 'he went to get cocaine' gesture to Bateman by tapping his nose. "I thought he was in mergers and acquisitions," she says. "You're not confused are you?" asks Bryce. "No, not really." Another woman says "Gorbachev is NOT downstairs." "Karen's right, Gorbachev is not down stairs. He's at Tunnel." Bateman tells one of the girls to ask him a question. "So what do you do?" "I'm into uh, well murders and executions mostly." "Do you like it?" "Well that depends, why?" "Well most guys I know, who work in mergers and acquisitions, really don't like it." He asks her where she works out. On the street, Patrick and the girl are talking. "You think I'm dumb don't you. You think all models are dumb." "No. I really don't." "That's okay. I don't mind. There's something sweet about you." They both get in the back of a cab. Somewhere a car alarm is going off. Patrick is lounging on the sofa in his office. He has sunglasses on. Between his fingers is a lock of blonde hair. Jean knocks on his door, and he quickly stuffs the hair into his shirt pocket. He picks up a paper and starts twirling a pen. She enters slowly, wearing a baggy brown coat and beige shirt. "Doin' the crossword?" she asks. Every line of the crossword is filled in with either 'meat' or 'bones'. She asks him if he needs any help, but he ignores her. She puts something on his desk. As she walks back to the door, he says "Jean, would you like to accompany me to dinner? That is, if you're not doing anything." She says she doesn't have any plans. He sits up and crosses his legs. "Well! Isn't this a coincidence. Listen, where should we go?" She says she doesn't care where. "How about anywhere you want?" he tells her. "I don't know Patrick, I can't make this decision." "Come on!" he says, chuckling and pointing his pen at her. "Where do you want to go? Anywhere you want, just say it, I can get us in anywhere." She thinks for a minute. "How about..." Patrick flips through his Zagat booklet. "Dorsia?" Patrick looks up. "So. Dorsia is where Jean wants to go." "I don't know, we'll go wherever you want to go." "Dorsia is fine." He picks up a phone and dials the restaurant. "Dorsia, yes?" says the man on the other end. Can you take two tonight at, oh, say nine o'clock?" "We're totally booked." "Really? That's great." "No I said we are totally booked!" "Two at nine? Perfect! See you then!" He hangs up. Jean gives him a quizzical look. "Yeah?" he asks, taking off his sunglasses. "You're... dressed okay." "You didn't give a name." "They know me," he lies. "Why don't you meet me at my place at 7:00 for drinks?" She smiles and starts to leave. "And Jean? You might want to change before we go out." Jean looks out the window of Patrick's place. A telescope is pointed out the window. She's dressed in a pretty green strapless dress. "Patrick it's so elegant. What a wonderful view." Patrick gets some frozen sorbet out of the fridge. Next to the sorbet is a severed head wrapped in plastic. "Jean, sorbet?" "Thanks Patrick. I'd love some." He gives it to her. "Do you want a bite?" "I'm on a diet, but thank you," he says. "No need to lose any weight. You're kidding right? You look great," she tells him. "Very fit." "You can always be thinner... look better." "Well, maybe we shouldn't go out to dinner. I don't want to ruin your willpower." "That's alright. I'm not very good at controlling it anyway." He goes over to a kitchen drawer and starts running his finger over some steak knives. "So, what do you want to do with your life? Just briefly summarize. And don't tell me you enjoy working with children." She tells him she'd like to travel and maybe go back to school. "I don't really know. I'm at a point in my life where there seems to be so many possibilities." Patrick runs his hand across some stainless steel meat cleavers on a triangular base. "I'm just so unsure." He asks her if she has a boyfriend. "No, not really." "Interesting." "Are you seeing anyone? I mean, seriously?" she asks. "Maybe. I don't know. Not really," he says with a smile. "Jean, do you feel, fulfilled? I mean, in your life?" "I guess I do. For a long time I was too focused on my work. But now I've really begun to think about changing myself, developing and growing." Patrick reaches into a closet and takes out some silver duct tape. "Growing. I'm glad you said that. Did you know that Ted Bundy's first dog, a collie, was named Lassie?" he laughs. "Who's Ted Bundy?" "Forget it." "What's that?" "Duct tape. I need it for... taping something." "Patrick, have you ever wanted to make someone happy?" She starts to put her spoon down on his coffee table. "No! Put it in the carton!" "Sorry." He takes something else out of the closet and walks behind her. She repeats her question. "I'm looking for uh..." He holds up a nail gun and points it at the back of her unsuspecting head. "I guess you could say I just want to have a meaningful relationship with someone special." His finger moves toward the trigger. The phone rings, and the answering machine picks it up. It's Evelyn. "Patrick... Patrick! I know you're there. Pick up the phone you bad boy. What are you up to tonight?" He puts the nailgun down behind the couch. "It's me. Don't try to hide. I hope you're not out there with some number you picked up because you're MY Mr. Bateman. My boy next door." Jean sips some wine, looking at Patrick as she listens. "Anyway you never called me and you said you would, and I'll leave a message for Jean about this tomorrow to remind you, but we're having dinner with Melania and Taylor, you know Melania she went to Sweetbriar. And we're meeting at the Cornell club. So I'll see you tomorrow morning honey!" Patrick winces. "Sorry I know you hate that. Bye Patrick. Bye Mr. Big Time CEO. Bye bye." She hangs up. Jean says "Was that Evelyn? Are you still seeing her?" He doesn't answer. "I'm sorry. I have no right to ask that. Do you want me to go?" "Yeah," he finally says. "I don't think I can control myself." "I know I should go. I know I have a tendency to get involved with unavailable men." She asks him if he wants her to go. "I think if you stay, something bad will happen. I think I might hurt you. You don't want to get hurt, do you?" "No, I guess not. I don't want to get bruised." She gets up and starts leaving. On her way out, she reminds him that he has a dinner date with Kimball the next day. "Thanks. It slipped my mind completely." A crowded restaurant. Bateman and Kimball sit across from each other, eating some beef dishes. "So. The night he disappeared. Any thoughts about what you did?" asks Kimball. "I'm not sure. Uh, I had a shower, and some sorbet?" "I think you're getting your dates mixed up." "Well, where do you place Paul that night?" He tells Patrick that according to his datebook, Paul had dinner with Marcus Halberstram, thought Marcus denied it. "Does Marcus have an alibi?" "Yes. I've checked it out, it's clean. Now, where were you?" "Well, where was Marcus?" "He wasn't with Paul Allen. He was at Atlantis with Craig McDermott, Fredrick Dibble, Harry Newman, George Butner, and... you." Patrick looks up. "Oh right, yeah, of course." Kimball makes a 'slipped your mind' gesture. "We had wanted Paul Allen to come, but he had made plans. And I guess I had dinner with Victoria the following night." Kimball says "Personally, I think the guy just went a little nutso, split town for a while, maybe he did go to London. Sightseeing, drinking, whatever. Anyway, I'm pretty sure he'll turn up sooner or later. I mean, to think that one of his friends killed him for no reason whatsoever would be too ridiculous. Isn't that right Patrick?" he says with an eerie smile. Patrick smiles back faintly. Patrick takes a limo to the part of town where he met Christie. She's standing on the same corner. He rolls down the window and calls out to her. "I'm not so sure about this," she tells him. "I had to go to emergency last time." He promises that this won't be anything like last time. She says no. "Just come in the limo and talk to me for a minute. The driver is here. You'll be safe." He holds out some money. Reluctantly, she takes it and gets in. He hands her a drink. "Nothing like last time. I promise," he repeats. "Alright." He tells her she's looking great, and asks how she's been. "I might need a little surgery after last time. My friend told me I should maybe even get a lawyer." "Lawyers are so complicated," he says, writing her a cheque. She takes it and bolts from the car. The car keeps pace with her as she walks. Bateman rolls down the window and whistles at her, waving more money. She stops and looks at the wad. She tries to grab it, but he pulls his hand back. He opens the car door again, moving over to let her get back in. "Half now, half later." He closes the door. He tells her her name is Christie again, and that they are meeting a friend of his named Elizabeth. "She'll be joining us in my new apartment shortly. You'll like her. She's a very nice girl." Paul Allen's apartment. Patrick breaks open a capsule of ecstasy onto a spoon, and puts it into a bottle of wine. A redhead woman in a white silk shirt and black jacket is sitting on the couch across from Christie. She tells her she looks familiar. "Did you go to Dalton? I think I met you at a surf bar, didn't I. It was spicy. Well maybe not spicy but it was definitely a surf bar." She talks on and on in a self-important tone, neither Patrick or Christie really listening to her. Christie tells Patrick that this place is nicer than his other one. "It's not that nice," he says. She asks where he and Elizabeth met. She says it was at the Kentucky Derby in 86. "You were hanging out with that bimbo Alison Poole. Hot number." "What do you mean? She was a hot number." "If you had a platinum card she'd give you a blowjob. Listen, this girl worked at a tanning salon, need I say more?" She sips her wine. She asks what Christie does. "She's my... cousin. She's from... France," says Bateman. Elizabeth asks for the phone to call someone. She asks if Christie summers in Southampton. The person she's calling doesn't answer. "Elizabeth, it's 3 in the morning." "He's a god damn drug dealer, these are his peak hours." She says that the wine tastes weird. She leaves the man a message on his answering machine. She looks at Bateman when she can't remember where she is. "Paul Allen's." "I want the number idiot. Anyway I'm at Paul Norman's and I'll try you again later, and if I don't see you at Canal Bar tomorrow I'm going to sic my hairdresser on you." She hangs up. "Did you know that guy who disappeared, didn't he work at Pierce and Pierce? Was he a friend of yours?" He says no. She asks if he has any coke. He shakes his head. "Or a Halcyon? I would take a Halcyon." "Listen," he says. "I would just like to see the two of you *get it on*." They stare at him. "What's wrong with that? It's totally disease-free." "Patrick you're a lunatic." He asks her if she finds Christie attractive. "Let's not get lewd. I'm in no mood for lewd conversation." He says he thinks it would be a turn-on. She asks Christie if he does this all the time. Christie remains silent. He tells her to drink her wine. "You're telling me you've never gotten it on with a girl?" he asks Elizabeth. "No. I'm not a lesbian. Why would you think I would be into that?" "Well, you went to Sarah Lawrence for one thing." "Those are Sarah Lawrence GUYS, Patrick. You're making me feel weird." Some time later, the drugs having kicked in, and Elizabeth and Christie are feeling each other up on the couch. Patrick says wistfully "Did you know that Whitney Houston's debut LP, called simply 'Whitney Houston', had four number-one singles on it? Did you know that Christie?" Elizabeth starts laughing. "You actually listen to Whitney Houston? You own a Whitney Houston CD? More than one?" she laughs, falling off the couch. "It's hard to choose a favorite amongst so many great tracks. But 'The Greatest Love of All' is one of the best, most powerful songs ever written, about self-preservation, dignity, its universal message crosses all boundaries and instills one with the hope that it's not too late to better ourselves." Elizabeth is still laughing. "Since, Elizabeth, it's impossible in this world we live in to empathize with others, but we can always empathize with ourselves. It's an important message, crucial really, and it's beautifully stated on the album." All three have sex, Patrick on top of both of them. He moves his face down to Elizabeth's torso, and she starts giggling. Christie rolls out from underneath them. She watches them as they fool around under the sheets, and she starts gathering her clothes. A stain begins to form on the sheets: Blood. Elizabeth is screaming. Patrick looks up at Christie with blood on his mouth and a crazed look on his face. Christie runs out of the room, and Patrick chases her naked. She runs to a door and throws it open, to reveal a closet with two dead women in plastic bags hanging on coathangers. The full horror of Patrick's existence finally revealed to her, she lets out a bloodcurdling scream. She enters another room and almost vomits. Spraypainted on the wall is the words 'DIE YUPPIE SCUM' and the room is covered with blood and faeces. She backs out and sees Patrick turn the corner naked wielding a chainsaw. She cuts through a maze of doors and finally runs into a bathroom. She falls into a pool of blood next to another dead, naked woman. Patrick runs in, covered in Elizabeth's blood and starts biting her leg. She kicks him in the face and runs. "Not the face! Not the fucking face you piece of bitch trash!" She runs through the living room and out into the hallway, pounding and screaming on neighbours' doors, but to no avail. Patrick runs after her, stark nude, and chainsaw in hand. She runs down a circular set of stairs. Patrick reaches the top and holds the chainsaw out over the gap, waiting for the right moment. When she nears the bottom, he lets go, and the chainsaw falls end over end, finally hitting its target. He screams in victory. The chainsaw has impaled Christie through the back. Patrick doodles a woman impaled with a chainsaw with a crayon on a paper tablecloth. He hasn't touched his dessert. Evelyn is sitting next to him, asking him to commit to their relationship. The restaurant is crowded with middle-class looking people. "I think Evelyn, that uh, we've lost touch." "Why, what's wrong?" she asks, waving to someone. A woman flashes a gold bracelet to her, and she mouths "It's beautiful. I love it." "My need to engage in homicidal behaviour on a massive scale cannot be corrected, but uh, I have no other way to fulfill my needs. We need to talk. It's over, it's all over," he tells her, scratching a red X over his drawing. "Touchy touchy. I'm sorry I brought up the wedding. Let's just avoid the issue, alright? Now, are we having coffee?" "I'm fucking serious. It's fucking over, us, this is no joke, uh, I don't think we should see each other any more." "But your friends are my friends, and my friends are your friends. I really don't think it would work." She tries to brush some food away from the corner of his mouth, but her stops her. "I know that your friends are my friends, and I've thought about that. You can have 'em." She finally understands. "You're really serious, aren't you? What about the past? Our past?" "We never really shared one," he replies. "You're inhuman." "No. I'm-I'm in touch with humanity." She starts crying. "Evelyn I'm sorry, I just uh... you're not terribly important to me." She cries so loudly that the whole restaurant turns to look at her. "I know my behaviour can be *erratic* sometimes..." "What is it that you want?" she cries. "If you really want to do something for me then stop making this scene *right now*!" he snaps. "Oh God I can't believe this," she weeps. "I'm leaving," he says. "I've assessed the situation and I'm leaving." "But where are you going?" "I have to return some videotapes." Evening. Patrick stops near the lobby of a building to use an ATM. He sticks his card in the machine. Looking down he sees a stray cat. "Here kitty kitty." He picks up the cat and starts petting it. A message comes on the screen of the ATM: 'FEED ME A STRAY CAT'. He tries to put the cat in the card slot of the ATM, but it pushes itself away. He pulls out a 9mm pistol and points it at the cat's head. A woman in a fur coat sees this. "Oh my God. What you doing? Stop that!" He shoots her in the chest and she falls to the ground. He lets the cat go. A siren is heard a block away, and a police car pulls up at the other end of the lobby. He takes his card and walks away. He tries to steal a car, but every car on the street is locked, and he only winds up setting off all their car alarms. He kicks the back of a Porsche and runs. Two police cars cut him off on the next street. They get out, guns drawn. "Drop the weapon! Drop it now! Get on the ground!" He starts to put his hands up, then turns the gun on the officers. They exchange gunfire. He runs behind a parked car for cover, firing and hitting one of them. He fires five more shots, and both police cars explode in a massive fireball. Stunned by his luck, he looks at the gun, then at his watch, and walks away. He breaks into a run, under the support columns of a skyscraper. He walks into the lobby of an apartment. "Burning the midnight oil, Mr. Smith? Don't forget to sign in," says the man at the desk. He pulls out the gun and shoots him in the head. He runs past the elevators. One of them opens and a janitor gets out. He goes around a revolving door, back into the lobby, shoots the janitor, then out the other side. He runs into another lobby. Out of breath and drenched in sweat, he goes up to the desk. Smiling at the doorman, he reaches into his pocket and pulls out a pen, signs in, and goes up in the elevator, crying. He reaches his office. He looks out the window, then hides from the searchlight of a passing police helicopter. Still crying, he makes a phone call. An answering machine picks it up. "Harold, it's Bateman. You're my lawyer so I think you should know, I've killed a lot of people. Some girls in the apartment uptown uh, some homeless people maybe 5 or 10, um an NYU girl I met in Central Park. I left her in a parking lot behind some donut shop. I killed Bethany, my old girlfriend, with a nail gun, and some man, some old faggot with a dog last week. I killed another girl with a chainsaw, I had to, she almost got away and uh someone else there I can't remember maybe a model, but she's dead too. And Paul Allen. I killed Paul Allen with an axe in the face, his body is dissolving in a bathtub in Hell's Kitchen. I don't want to leave anything out here. I guess I've killed maybe 20 people, maybe 40. I have tapes of a lot of it, uh some of the girls have seen the tapes. I even, um..." He almost can't say it. "I ate some of their brains. I tried to cook a little." He starts laughing. "Tonight I, uh, hahahaha... I just had to kill a LOT of people!" Crying again. "And I'm not sure I'm gonna get away with it this time. I guess I'll uh, I mean, ah, I guess I'm a pretty uh, I mean I guess I'm a pretty sick guy." He's smiling. "So, if you get back tomorrow, I may show up at Harry's Bar, so you know, keep your eyes open." He hangs up and tries to compose himself. The helicopter can still be heard buzzing around but is getting fainter. Morning. He showers and picks a suit from his walk-in closet. He goes to Paul Allen's place, putting on a surgical mask because of the smell of the bodies he left there. Opening the door, he finds the place empty and repainted white. Three people are talking in one of the rooms, and the floor is lined with cloth and there is a ladder and some other redecorating equipment. He heads towards the closet where he left two bodies. It contains only paint cans, ladders and buckets. He takes off the mask, stunned. "Are you my 2:00?" asks a well-dressed 40-something woman behind him. "No." "Can I help you?" "I'm looking for Paul Allen's place. Doesn't he live here?" "No he doesn't. Did you see the ad in the Times?" "No. Yeah. I mean yeah. In the times." "There was no ad in the times. I think you should go now." He asks what happened here. She tells him not to make any trouble, and tells him again that he should leave. He starts to leave. "Don't come back," she warns. "I won't. Don't worry." He closes the door behind him. Outside, Bateman calls Jean from a payphone. He downs the rest of a bottle of pills while he waits for her to pick up. She answers. "Jean... I need help." He sounds distraught. "Patrick is that you? Craig McDermott called, he wants to meet you, Van Paten and Bryce at Harry's Bar for drinks." "What did you say you dumb bitch..." he croaks. "Patrick I can't hear you." "What am I doing?" he laughs. "Where are you Patrick? What's wrong?" He starts crying. "I don't think I'm going to... make it, Jean. To the uh, office, this afternoon." "Why?" She sounds worried. "JUST... SAY... NO!" he screams. "What is it? Patrick, are you alright?" "Stop sounding so fucking SAD! JESUS!" he screams, laughing. He hangs up, then tries to compose himself. Jean goes to Patrick's desk. She opens a drawer and finds a leather notebook. The first few pages have regular appointments. One page has a drawing of someone getting killed with a shotgun in the mouth. Patrick reaches Harry's Bar. He straightens his dishevelled hair and goes inside. Bryce, Van Paten and McDermott are sitting and drinking. McDermott tells him he looks wild-eyed. "Rough day at the office?" Bryce is drinking mineral water. "He's a changed man! But he still can't get a reservation to save his life." Bateman tells them he isn't going anywhere unless they have a reservation. They discuss various restaurants. Bateman spots his lawyer, Harold Carnes, across the room, and excuses himself. His lawyer is telling someone how the Japanese will own most of the country by the end of the '90s. "Shut up, Carnes, they will not. So uh, did you get my message?" "Jesus yes! That was hilarious! That *was* you, wasn't it! Bateman killing Allen and the escort girls. That's fabulous. That's rich." He asks him what he means. "The message you left. By the way Davis, how's Cynthia? You're still seeing her, right?" "What do you mean?" "Nothing. It's good to see you. Is that Edward Towers?" He starts to walk away but Bateman stops him. "Davis. I'm not one to bad-mouth anyone. Your joke was amusing. But come on man. You had one fatal flaw. Bateman is such a dork, such a boring, spineless lightweight. Now if you said Bryce, or McDermott, otherwise it was amusing. Now if you'll excuse me, I really must be going." For some odd reason, Carnes keeps calling Patrick "Davis". Patrick angrily stops him again. "I did it, Carnes! I killed him! I'm Patrick Bateman! I chopped Allen's fucking head off," he whispers with tears in his eyes. "The whole message I left on your machine was true." Carnes tries to leave again. "No! Listen, don't you know who I am? I'm not Davis, I'm Patrick Bateman!" He no longer sounds sure who he is. "We talk on the phone all the time. Don't you recognize me? You're my lawyer." He tells Carnes to listen carefully. "I killed Paul Allen. And I liked it. I can't make myself any clearer." Carnes tells him that that isn't possible. "And I don't find this funny anymore." "It never was supposed to be! Why isn't it possible?" "It's just not." "Why not you stupid bastard?" says Patrick. "Because I had dinner with Paul Allen in London twice, just ten days ago." "No you... didn't." Patrick is stunned. He begins to doubt whether he actually killed Allen or not or all those other people. Maybe it was all a fantasy. Maybe Patrick Bateman's real name is Davis. Carnes excuses himself again and he lets him go. Jean continues to look with horror through Patrick's notebook. A crude drawing of a woman getting her limbs cut off with a chainsaw. A naked woman nailed to boards. The more pages she turns, the worse the images get. Page after page is filled with shocking fantasies of rape, murder and mutilation of women. Patrick returns to the table. The guys are watching President Ronald Reagan talking about Iran-Contra on TV. "How can he lie like that?" says Bryce. Van Paten continues to ask where they have reservations, even though he isn't really hungry. "How can he be so fucking... I don't know, cool about it?" "Some guys are just born cool I guess," says Van Paten. Bateman starts laughing. "Bateman? What are you so fucking zany about?" "Ha ha, I'm just a happy camper! Rockin' and a-rollin'!" Turning back to Reagan on the TV, Bryce says "He presents himself as this harmless old codger, but inside... but inside..." "But inside doesn't matter," A baffled Bateman narrates: "Inside, yes? Inside? Believe it or not Bryce, we're actually listening to you," says McDermott. Bryce asks Bateman what he thinks. "Whatever." Van Paten says he doesn't like dry beers and needs a scotch. Bateman looks over the faces of the people in the room as he narrates. "There are no more barriers to cross. All I have in common with the uncontrollable and the insane, the vicious and the evil, all the mayhem I have caused and my utter indifference toward it I have now surpassed. My pain is constant and sharp, and I do not hope for a better world for anyone. In fact, I want my pain to be inflicted on others, and no one to escape. My punishment continues to elude me. My confession has meant nothing." 
 The Dark Knight (2008)761) When the menace known as the Joker wreaks havoc and chaos on the people of Gotham, Batman must accept one of the greatest psychological and physical tests of his ability to fight injustice. Set within a year after the events of Batman Begins (2005), Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and new District Attorney Harvey Dent successfully begin to round up the criminals that plague Gotham City, until a mysterious and sadistic criminal mastermind known only as "The Joker" appears in Gotham, creating a new wave of chaos. Batman's struggle against The Joker becomes deeply personal, forcing him to "confront everything he believes" and improve his technology to stop him. A love triangle develops between Bruce Wayne, Dent, and Rachel Dawes. Leon Lombardi The follow-up to Batman Begins (2005), this movie reunites Writer, Producer, and Director Christopher Nolan and Christian Bale, who reprises the role of Batman/Bruce Wayne in his continuing war on crime. With the help of Lieutenant James Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to destroy organized crime in Gotham for good. The triumvirate proves to be effective. But soon the three find themselves prey to a rising criminal mastermind known as "The Joker", who thrusts Gotham into anarchy and forces Batman closer to crossing the fine line between hero and vigilante. Gotham's new District Attorney has been elected. His name is Harvey Dent, and he has a radical new agenda that threatens to take down Gotham's organized crime underworld once and for all with an iron fist. But the emergence of the rogue vigilante known as Batman has caused problems for Dent and his agenda. A new criminal mastermind known only as "The Joker" has arrived and aims to take Gotham out from under Harvey Dent's iron fist. The Joker stages a masterfully planned bank robbery and robs the Gotham mob blind. He uses this money to stage a series of horrific and strategic attacks against the city and its people, each one carefully planned and aimed at Dent and Batman, while causing the rest of the city to enter panic mode. Meanwhile, Batman thinks he might have found a lead to The Joker thanks to Wayne Enterprises' dealings with a shady Chinese banker, and that takes Batman and Alfred to Hong Kong. The Joker has no rules, but Batman has only one, and the Joker aims to make Batman break his only rule. But who will be the one to take him out, will it be rogue vigilante Batman, or will it be elected official Harvey Dent, the new hero with a face? halo1k One year after the events of Batman Begins (2008), Batman, Lieutenant James Gordon, and District Attorney Harvey Dent plan to launch an attack on the mob by arresting the shady accountant of the mob, Lau. Lau is abducted from his building by Batman and is thrown into jail. Lau divulges the secrets which results in almost all the mob bosses thrown in jail. The desperate mob bosses turn to The Joker, a sadistic psychopath with green hair, completely yellow teeth, and a custom purple suit. The Joker kills a judge, the Police Commissioner, and tries to kill the Mayor and Harvey. The acts of The Joker produces anarchy and chaos in the people of Gotham, forcing Batman to come to terms to which may seem to be his greatest test to fight injustice and come closer to the fine line between hero and vigilante. srijanarora-152-448595 With the help of allies Lieutenant James Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman has been able to keep a tight lid on crime in Gotham City. But when a vile young criminal calling himself "The Joker" suddenly throws the city into chaos, the Caped Crusader begins to tread a fine line between heroism and vigilantism. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins with a gang of men with clown masks breaking into the bank where the mob has a large portion of their money stashed. It begins with five clowns, each getting a cut of the spoils. They suggest that a sixth member of the gang - nicknamed 'The Joker' - who did the planning, but sat out the robbery, doesn't deserve a cut. As the robbery goes on, the clowns begin to kill each other in order to get a larger cut, until a school bus crashes through the wall of the bank, killing another clown. A mob bank manager, who was himself shot with an automatic weapon after he tried to take out the clowns with a shotgun, tells the remaining clown that he doesn't know who he is dealing with. The clown kneels down and tells the banker, "I believe whatever doesn't kill you simply makes you...stranger..." then removes his mask to reveal that he himself is The Joker. Joker puts a grenade into the banker's mouth and boards the bus, leaving a cord attached to the pin. The bus pulls out with all of the bank's cash and the pin pops out. It is just a gas grenade. The Joker joins a long line of school buses leaving the scene as the police arrive. Gotham is then seen at night with criminals afraid to commit crimes under the watchful sign of the batsignal projected onto the clouds. We see Lt. James Gordon manning the batsignal, waiting for Batman with Det. Anna Ramirez, who asks if he's coming. Gordon explains that it is okay if he is not, hoping that he is busy elsewhere. He asks about Ramirez' mother, who's in the hospital. Meanwhile, in a parking garage, the Scarecrow, still at-large after escaping Arkham Asylum, is negotiating with the Russian mob members, led by The Chechen, over the sale of some of his fear-inducing drugs. The sale is interrupted when some of Gotham's citizens dressed as Batmen wanna-be's begin shooting at the men. As he gases one of the fake Batmen with his mind-altering drugs from his cuff, the Scarecrow notes that they are not the real Batman, because Batman would never use a gun. Suddenly the Batmobile/Tumbler crashes through a barricade and Scarecrow notes, "That's more like it!" The Batmobile, pre-programmed to "LOITER" and then "INTIMIDATE", fires rockets into a nearby office, sending the remaining mobsters running. The real Batman arrives on the scene and bends the rifle barrel of one of the wanna-be Batmen before knocking him out. The Chechen sends his rottweilers to attack the Batmen, and as Batman saves them he takes the dogs out after being badly bitten in the arm. The Scarecrow attempts to flee in a white van but Batman jumps onto the van and begins cutting into the side with his device called the mangler. Scarecrow swerves into a support which sends Batman to the ground. As Scarecrow gets away down a spiraling passageway, Batman leaps onto the roof of his van, smashing it to a halt. He leaves the fake Batmen and the Scarecrow along with some of the mobsters tied up together for the police to eventually round up. When one of the impostors says he's trying to help, Batman harshly tells him he doesn't need any help. Gordon arrives at the bank the Joker held up earlier with Ramirez who shows him the Joker's picture from a security camera. Batman arrives to inspect the scene, noting that they have irradiated the drug money to make it easier to trace. When Gordon asks him if the Joker is a threat, Batman informs him that he cannot worry about one man when there is an entire mob to bring down. The next day, as Bruce Wayne stitches himself up from the dog bite, Alfred offers his concerns, warning Bruce to 'know his limits'. He notices Bruce keeping a close watch on newly appointed district attorney Harvey Dent via some computer screens, as Bruce is trying to decide whether or not Dent can be trusted. Alfred wonders if he is really spying on the relationship that Rachel Dawes has developed with Harvey Dent. Harvey Dent arrives in court to join Rachel Dawes in prosecuting mobster Salvatore Maroni, the alleged new leader of the Falcone crime family. One of Maroni's men takes the fall in court, and attempts to shoot Dent from the witness stand. The gun doesn't go off and Dent punches the man before he is hauled off to jail. Maroni is eventually set free, to the dismay of Dent. Dent meets Lt. Gordon, and after a short exchange of words, they both express their distrust for those that are working in each other's offices. Harvey interrogates Gordon over his involvement with the Batman and Harvey tells him he wants to meet him. Gordon requests search warrants for five banks that are believed to be holding the remainder of the mobs money. Dent agrees to back Gordon's search warrants, forming a tenuous trust with the honest Gordon, who in turn hails Dent as Gotham's "White Knight" while Dent questions Gordon about another nickname they had for him when he was at I.A.D., a nickname Gordon claims to have no knowledge of. Lucius Fox holds a board meeting at Wayne Enterprises, negotiating an joint venture with Lau, the head of Lau Security Investments, based in Hong Kong. After the meeting with Lau, Wayne expresses his reservations with Lucius Fox about Lau's business operation, apparently illegal based on their profits. After agreeing to cancel the deal, Wayne asks Fox for a new suit. He explains that he needs to be lighter, and faster, in case he runs into any more guard dogs and that he wants to be able to turn his head. That night, Harvey dines out with Rachel. Harvey tells Rachel he had to make a reservation weeks earlier, and even then needed to exercised his influence to get a table at the very fashionable restaurant. Bruce and his date, the prima ballerina for the Russian ballet, encounter Rachel and Harvey. Bruce has them pull a table together so they can dine together, informing Harvey that he owns the restaurant. At first, Bruce seems jealous and threatened by Harvey, based on the fact that he is dating his own love interest, but Harvey explains how he supports the work of Batman and appreciates his help. Bruce changes his tune and informs Harvey that he intends to throw a massive fund-raiser for him. Meanwhile, all of the top mob members are having a private meeting in a restaurant kitchen. Because of their inside sources in the police, they were aware that the banks that their money was stashed in were going to be searched. Lau appears to them on a television monitor from his plane on his way back to Hong Kong. He informs the mob that all of their money has already been moved to a single secure location, just as Lt. Gordon and company are searching the banks, finding nothing but the irradiated trace money. When the Chechen expresses concern over the man with the clown makeup stealing $68 million from one of their banks, Maroni dismisses him as nothing but a nobody. The Joker suddenly enters in the room, and after killing a hostile mob member's crony by way of a 'magic trick', sits down and talks with the mob about how pathetic they've become since Batman came around. He tells them their one solution is to 'Kill the Batman', and offers to do so for half the mob's money. He warns them about Lau, saying he knows a "squealer when he sees one", prompting Lau to turn off his monitor. The mob laughs, and as one of the mobsters, Gambol, rises from his seat and threatens the Joker, the Joker opens his coat, exposing grenades. Gambol tells the Joker that he's putting a price out on his head. The Joker tells the mob that when they plan to take things a little more seriously, give him a call, and presents them with 'his card', a joker playing card. And with that, he exits. But not before warning that Batman will come for Lau. Harvey Dent, with Gordon, lights the batsignal to meet with Batman, who appears. As Dent and Gordon blame one another for the money's disappearance due to leaks from corrupt officers in the other's departments, they explain to Batman that they need Lau back, realizing that Batman is under no one's jurisdiction. They want to make him talk, and give up all the mob members' names. Batman agrees and disappears. Fox shows Wayne his new suit, and Wayne begins planning an impromptu trip to Hong Kong. Fox will accompany him, making it look like the only reason for his visit was to cancel the negotiations with Lau's company. Gambol is playing pool with some of his associates until one of them informs him that a group of hoodlums have killed the Joker, and has the body. The body is brought in covered in a bag, and as Gambol is about to pay, the Joker rises up and holds a knife to his face while his men hold guns to his associates' heads. The Joker tells a story about how he got his scars from his father, and then kills Gambol. He offers the three surviving associates an opportunity to join his team, but he has only one opening. He leave the three with the halves of a broken, sharp pool stick and no choice but to fight each other for their lives. Meanwhile, Fox arrives in Hong Kong to meet with Lau. He checks in his mobile phone at the front desk at Lau's building, as there are no cell phones allowed on the premises. Fox meets with Lau, and informs him of Wayne Enterprises' plans to cancel negotiations with his company. However, he secretly keeps one cell phone in his pocket, which has been adapted to produce a sonar map of the surrounding area. Upon leaving the building, he does not pick up the phone he dropped off, and he produces the map of the building to Bruce Wayne. That night, the phone that Fox left at the front desk emits a high frequency that shuts down all power in the building. Batman crashes in through a window in Lau's office, and after a vicious fight with some of his guards, grabs Lau and escapes by sending a balloon attached to a cable to a plane he has chartered flying over Lau's building. Back in Gotham, Lau is interrogated by Rachel with Dent and Gordon looking on. Rachel presses him to give them the money Lau has taken, but Lau will not give in. After she threatens to have him moved to the County lock-up, Lau tells her that he can give them the names of the mobsters and their pooled investments. Dent then realizes that they will have the leverage they need in a RICO case of conspiracy to link all of the mob members together. Gordon decides to keep Lau in his holding cell at the Major Case Unit building and Lau agrees to cooperate with the police, and give the names of the mob members. Gordon appears at Maroni's restaurant as the police rush in to arrest all of the mob members in attendance. As all of the mob members that Lau informed the police are rounded up for arraignment, Judge Janet Surrillo finds a Joker card in the middle of the stack of conviction papers. Dent gives a televised impromptu interview denying Batman's involvement while expressing gratitude for the police work in bringing the mob members to justice. Dent, Gordon, and Commissioner Loeb meet with the mayor to tell him that Dent's rash indictment of the mob members will give the mayor clean streets for 18 months. The mayor informs Dent that his brash actions will bring down the full might of Gotham's underworld and corrupt citizens solely upon him. When the mayor asks if Dent is ready to be the city's target the dead body of a Batman wanna-be hanging by a noose slams against the mayor's window dressed up in a Batman suit, with makeup on his face like the Joker's - complete with the sides of the mouth sliced into a grin - and with a Joker card pinned to him reading 'Will the real Batman please stand up?'. Bruce and Alfred watch on as a video tape is played on the news of the Joker tormenting the wanna-be before killing him. He then promises that until Batman takes off his mask and shows everyone who he really is, people will die every day. As Harvey Dent's fund-raiser at Wayne's penthouse gets underway, Rachel and a nervous Dent arrive and mingle. Wayne arrives with three models via helicopter and seeks out Harvey, whom he applauds and throws his full support behind claiming, "I believe in Harvey Dent." Minutes later, Rachel meets with Bruce on the balcony upset that Bruce is making fun at Dent but Bruce tells her that he truly believes in Harvey and that he could be the White Knight that will allow him to hang up his mantle as Batman so they can be together. Dent joins them to thank Bruce and retrieve Rachel. Meanwhile Gordon discovers that there are 3 traces of DNA on the Joker card, from Commissioner Loeb, Harvey Dent, and Judge Surrillo, the Judge that is trying all of the mob members and found the card among the paperwork. Gordon takes this as a threat on their lives, and begins preparations to protect them. In the case of the Judge and Commissioner Loeb, however, this fails. The Judge's car blows up when the police arrive to take her into protective custody and Commissioner Loeb dies of severe poisoning from his liquor bottle before Gordon can stop him from drinking. Dent takes Rachel aside to ask her to marry him, but she is torn and cannot give him an answer. Bruce subdues Dent and locks him in a closet while Rachel watches in shock. Bruce tells Rachel that they (the Joker and his goons) have come for Harvey and to stay hidden from sight. The Joker and his goons burst in telling the guests that they are tonight's 'entertainment." The Joker scans the room seeking out Harvey Dent when Rachel steps forward. He grabs her and pulls a knife on her telling her a different version of the story about how he got his scars, claiming that his wife was scarred by loan sharks and that he took a razor to himself to "make her smile," but that she left him over it. Rachel kicks him away and he comes after her saying that he likes that "little fight" in her, when Batman shows up and sends him reeling. A fight breaks out between Batman, the Joker, and his goons with the Joker and the goons beating on Batman pretty well. When Batman gains the upper hand he sees the Joker holding a gun at Rachel's head as he dangles her out of a shot out window. Batman demands he let her go, to which the Joker replies "Very poor choice of words" and lets her fall. Batman dives out the window and saves her using his cape to slow their fall as they crash into the roof of a car on the street. The Joker apparently vanishes from the scene. The next day, Wayne tries to figure out what the Joker is after. Alfred relates a story of when he was in Burma with friends attempting to nullify the local criminals by bribing them with jewels. One thief however, tossed these bribes away and continued to raid the local convoys. When Bruce seems confused over this behavior Alfred informs him that some men can't be reasoned with, they don't want anything in particular, that they kill for sport. Alfred observes that they just want to watch the world burn, as Bruce fixates on the Joker's face on a monitor. Batman is seen on the edge of a rooftop listening in to cell phone frequencies when he overhears a plot against Harvey Dent. Gordon rushes to the apartment with Ramirez and Batman to find two policemen murdered, with the last names "Harvey" and "Dent." Ramirez begins to blame Batman, but Gordon cuts her off. As Batman removes a piece of concrete wall that contains a bullet used in the murders in hopes of finding evidence, Gordon notes that the Joker has left an advance copy of tomorrow's newspaper indicating the death of the mayor. At Wayne Enterprises, Fox meets with Wayne's accountant Coleman Reese, who claims to know about certain problems with Wayne's funding in research and development, claiming that Wayne has some sort of government project with cell phones for the army underway. He also uncovers Fox's designs for the Batmobile/Tumbler. He tells Fox that he wants $10 million per year for the rest of his life to keep this a secret. Fox smiles and says, "Let me get this straight. You think that your client, one of the wealthiest and most powerful men in the world is a secretly a vigilante who spends his nights beating criminals to a pulp with his bare hands, and your plan is to blackmail this person? Good luck." Fox helps Wayne reconstruct the bullet taken from the murder scene and produces a fingerprint. Fox asks him if he has reassigned the R&D department. Bruce acknowledges that he has, claiming he is playing this one "close to the chest." Wayne traces the bullet fingerprint's owner to an apartment overlooking the funeral speeches for Commissioner Loeb and takes off on motorcycle. As the ceremony continues on the street below, Wayne inspects a room where he believes the Joker might be, and he finds several men tied up. They tell Wayne that their guns and uniforms were stolen. Wayne inspects binoculars pointed out of a blinded window. The window blind is connected to a timer. As the timer reaches zero, the blinds quickly raise, and the police snipers positioned around the area all shoot in that direction. At the same time, the Joker, who had removed his makeup and played himself off as a member of the honor guard for the ceremony, turns and takes a shot at the mayor, but Lt. Gordon dives in the way, getting shot in the back and falling. Everyone panics and runs, but the police shoot one member of the honor guard in the leg and haul him into a truck. Dent himself climbs in the truck, and upon inspecting the criminal, sees that the name-tag on his uniform reads 'Officer Rachel Dawes'. He calls Rachel and informs her that she's been targeted, and to get to the safest place she can, which in her case is Bruce's penthouse. He tells her he loves her, but there is no answer from Rachel. Gordon's family is visited at home, to inform them of the death of Gordon at the funeral ceremony. Gordon's wife, Barbara, shouts out at the empty sky to Batman that he has brought this craziness upon Gotham. Gordon's young son catches a brief glimpse of Batman mournfully watching the scene. Meanwhile, Batman enters a club and grabs Maroni after beating on his men. He interrogates Maroni on the Joker's whereabouts, who claims that he should have held him from a higher location. Batman drops him off the ledge, injuring his legs and learns that Maroni has no idea where the Joker is. Maroni explains that the Joker has no friends and no one will give him up because unlike Batman, he plays by no rules. As Dent is interrogating the captured so-called honor guard member about what he knows about the Joker, he is enraged and holds a gun to his head. He flips his father's lucky silver dollar for his life, coming up on heads. As he flips the coin again, Batman shows up and snatches the coin in midair, asking if Dent would really leave a thug's life up to chance, to which Dent answers, "Not exactly." He informs Harvey that this criminal - Thomas Schiff - is a paranoid schizophrenic patient from Arkham Asylum and that he won't learn anything from him. He also tells Harvey that if anyone saw this unjust way of interrogating someone, all that good work that Dent's done for Gotham would be lost. He tells Harvey to hold a press conference the following day, because he wants to use that opportunity to turn himself in. As Batman leaves, Harvey yells at him that he can't give in. Bruce arrives back in his penthouse to find Rachel waiting. She tells him that turning himself in will not stop the Joker's murderous rampage, but Bruce says he has enough blood on his hands already. He reminds her that she promised him that they would be together if and when he hung up the mantle of Batman. She tells Bruce not to make her his only hope for a normal life and they share a kiss. She tells Bruce that if he turns himself in as Batman that the city will never let them be together. Back at Wayne's secret base of operations for Batman, he and Alfred begin destroying everything that might tie Lucius Fox or Rachel to Batman. Alfred tries to talk Bruce out of it, asking him to endure these trying times and allow Batman to make the right choice that nobody else can for the good of the city. Bruce explains that Batman cannot endure the responsibility for innocents dying, especially where Rachel is concerned. At the press conference, Harvey attempts to reason with the assembled press and police to not give in to the fear that the Joker has unleashed upon the city. He agrees that Batman is a vigilante but that the people of Gotham should hold him accountable, and not give in to the whims of this terrorist known as the Joker. However, the people are overcome with fear, crying out "No more dead cops," to applause indicating that Harvey will not be able to sway them. Upon his failure, Harvey announces that HE is the Batman, and gets handcuffed and taken away. Bruce Wayne is shown with a look of confusion on his face. Rachel, watching the news conference at Bruce Wayne's penthouse, confronts Alfred over Bruce's seeming cowardice in allowing Harvey to take the fall when he claims to be Batman. Alfred explains to Rachel that Batman is instead allowing himself to be something else besides a hero, mainly a figure outside of the system that the people can both turn to or blame in times of need, that Batman can 'take it". Rachel gives Alfred a letter for Bruce and tells him to give it to Bruce when the time is right. When Alfred asks what it is, she tells him it is open and hugs him before departing to see Harvey as he is being transported to the County lock-up. While being taken to a convoy that will transport him to a county, Harvey explains to Rachel that this is Batman's chance. He then pulls out the coin and says "Heads: I go through with this," and flips it, landing on heads. When Rachel tells him that he can't leave something like that to chance, he tosses her the coin, revealing that it is a two-headed coin. During this transport, he's planning on getting attacked by the Joker, and he's planning on Batman to come and save him, and to capture the Joker. The convoy takes off. While transporting Harvey, the Joker and some goons start taking out the police cars in a large semi truck. He pulls out an RPG and begins firing at the armored truck carrying Dent. The Tumbler arrives and attempts to stop the Joker, and is hit by one of the Joker's RPGs. His car takes 'catastrophic' damage, and he's forced to eject. However, the ejection in this car is a bike, the Batpod, that deploys out the front of the car. Batman chases down the Joker on his Batpod, and after firing some cables at the truck and weaving them through some light poles and buildings, flips the truck completely over. The Joker emerges with a Smith & Wesson M76 Submachine gun and shoots at Batman, who speeds towards him on his Batpod, all the while screaming at Batman to hit him. Batman honors his own non-lethal code and swerves around the Joker then crashes into the flipped truck, falling to the ground. As the Joker jumps on him with a knife, one of the SWAT officers holds a shotgun to the back of his head, and upon removing his helmet and mask, shows that it was Lt. Gordon, who faked his death to protect his family. The Joker is hauled away to the MCU. Harvey gets out of the truck and into a cruiser, stating he is off to see a worried girlfriend. At Gordon's Major Crimes Unit building, Gordon is promoted to Commissioner by the Mayor. The Joker shares a cell with a large man who complains about his insides hurting. Commissioner Gordon, after reuniting with his family, gets a call explaining that Harvey never made it home. He returns to the prison to interrogate the Joker. During the interrogation, Batman appears and starts beating on the Joker, trying to find out where Harvey is. The Joker gets under Batman's skin telling him that they are both freaks and that when the people of Gotham no longer view Batman as a necessity, they will turn on him. Batman becomes enraged and puts a chair under the door and beats the Joker savagely, but The Joker just laughs and defiantly tells Batman that there is nothing he can do to him to hurt him and that he actually enjoys the beatings. The Joker sadistically reveals that not just Harvey, but Rachel are in separate locations, both tied up and strapped to explosives that will explode in a short amount of time. He gives the locations of the two, saying that he only has time to save one of them and that he must make a choice that will violate Batman's "code" of non-lethal means...that one of them will die since Batman cannot save them both. Batman heads off, telling Gordon that he's going after Rachel. Gordon gets some men ready and heads off after Harvey. As Batman and the police are rushing towards the two prisoners, Harvey awakens to hear Rachel's voice. Whoever captured them set up an intercom system so that the two can communicate. Harvey tells Rachel that everything will be OK, and Rachel tells Harvey that she wants to marry him. While Dent tries to move in his chair to find something sharp to cut his ropes with, he falls over and knocks an oil drum down, and gasoline spills all over half of his face. Meanwhile, back at the jail, the Joker tricks a cop and holds him hostage, and he tells the other cops he just wants his phone call. Upon getting a cell phone and dialing a number, the large man that was in the cell with him blows up. The Joker had cut him open and implanted a cell phone-triggered device inside of him. The Joker grabs Lau and flees the jail. Batman arrives at the address that the Joker had told him Rachel was at, but when he opens the door, he finds Harvey Dent instead, who screams in despair at having been found instead of Rachel. Gordon arrives at the supposed location for Dent but the warehouse explodes and Rachel is killed. As Batman saves Dent by carrying him out of the warehouse, the explosion ignites the gas that saturated Dent's face, horribly burning it. Dent is taken to Gotham General Hospital. Batman visits Dent in the hospital, and leaves him the two-headed coin that they found at the site where Rachel died. One side of the coin is still shiny, while the other side is scraped and burnt. Alfred reads Rachel's letter. She explains that she is going to marry Harvey Dent and that when she told him that she would be with him when he no longer need to be Batman that she meant it. However, she realizes that he will always be Batman so she will always be there as his friend. Bruce expresses to Alfred his devastation behind losing Rachel and that he feels responsible for inspiring madness and death. he tells Alfred that she was going to wait for him. Alfred chooses not to give him her letter, saying the time is not right and that with Harvey Dent hospitalized, it will be up to him alone to fight the crime in Gotham City. Meanwhile, Harvey wakes up in the hospital with a large bandage over half of his face, finds his now scarred two-headed coin, and screams out in anguish over losing the one person he loved. Commissioner Gordon visits Dent and tries to tell him how sorry he is for what has transpired, questioning why Dent refused skin grafts and painkillers and how he can stand to be in unrelenting agony over his disfigurement. Harvey is filled with rage for Gordon not listening to him when he warned Gordon not to trust the corrupt officers that Dent investigated during his time in Internal Affairs which has resulted in Dent's disfigurement and ultimately Rachel's death. Dent demands Gordon tell him the nickname they had for him when he was in I.A., which Gordon ashamedly replies "Harvey Two-Face," while being forced to stare at the extensive burns and scarred tissue that cover half of Harvey's face. As Gordon leaves an emotionally devastated Harvey, he runs into Maroni in the hallway who tells him that the Joker has gone too far and that if Gordon wants the clown, he knows where he will be. Wayne's accountant Reese appears on a news show claiming to be able to tell the world who Batman is. He tells Gotham that he is going to reveal Batman's identity, but before he can, the Joker calls in to the show saying that he doesn't want this lawyer to ruin his fun. He says that if the lawyer is not killed within 60 minutes, he is going to blow up a hospital. This triggers the police to rush in and protect the lawyer, and try to carry him to safety. At the same time, other police are evacuating all of the hospitals in Gotham City. When they get to Gotham General, a police officer attempts to evacuate a nurse in Harvey Dent's room, which then turns out to be the Joker, and he kills the cop. He then explains to Two-Face how he needs to introduce a little anarchy and chaos, how easy it is to bring down all the good people in the world and how it's all fair. Joker unties Two-Face and hands him a pistol. Two-Face, bent on revenge and now believing everything in the world should be decided by chance, flips the double-headed coin to decide whether or not to shoot Joker which Joker agrees is only fair. Though we don't see it, the coin obviously lands on the clean side since the next scene shows Joker leaving Gotham General Hospital as it blows up in the background. Afterwards, the Joker appears on TV again, forcing kidnapped GCN reporter Mike Engle to read out his plans. He reads that Gotham City now belongs to the Joker, starting that very evening. Anyone that doesn't want to be a part of his game should leave now, but they are going to have a hard time leaving the city by the bridges. He alludes to the fact that something big was going to happen that very night. During which, Two-Face enters a local bar where Detective Wuertz - the 'dirty' cop that had picked him up after the Joker was captured - hangs out. After questioning him, he flips the coin which lands on the dirty side and he kills Wuertz. At the same time, Batman uses Fox's 'cell phone sonar' technology to turn every single cell phone in Gotham into a sonar device, giving him the opportunity to spy on everyone in Gotham. He calls Fox in, and tells him to monitor the screens, and give him updates on the Joker's location when he sees him. Fox is appalled that Batman would use his technology to spy on the citizens of Gotham and reluctantly agrees to help, stating that the machine must be destroyed after the Joker is captured or he will have to retire. Batman tells Fox to enter his name into the console when the mission is over. Two-Face continues to question mob members, trying to uncover the identity of the dirty cop that kidnapped Rachel. When confronting Maroni in Maroni's car, he learns that the other cop is Ramirez. He then flips the coin for Maroni, which lands on the clean side. "Lucky man," he remarks before he flips it again. It lands on the dirty side and he buckles up and states, "But he's not" as he shoots Maroni's driver, causing the car to veer off the road and crash into the dockyards. Meanwhile, two large ferries leave Gotham due to the Joker's threats. One is inhabited by criminals that Harvey and Gordon helped put away, the other is packed with innocent citizens - the city's bridges apparently being wired with explosives. While sailing off, the two boats completely lose all power and their engines die. Both ships eventually realize that there are explosives strewn all about the boat, and they both find detonators. It is at this time that the Joker's voice is heard over the loudspeaker of both ferries, and he informs them that they are part of a social experiment. The detonator on each boat is for the other boat. One ferry must press the button and destroy the other boat by midnight, or else the Joker will destroy both boats. This brings about much chaos in both boats, and a lot of soul searching about morality and about if anyone could actually do such a thing. Fox finds the Joker, who is holed up in a building still being constructed with many clown guards. Batman notifies Gordon of the location, and speeds off towards the building. Meanwhile, Two-Face forces a frightened Ramirez to call Gordon's family and tell his wife and children to meet her at the exact spot where Rachel was killed. They believe her because they trust her. Afterwards, Two-Face, angered with Ramirez's pleas to spare her life for the sake of her sick mother, flips for Ramirez's life. The coin lands on heads, so he just knocks her out, telling her that she "lives to fight another day." As Gordon arrives at the building where the Joker is, he gets a call from his family telling him they are being held captive by Two-Face in the place where Rachel was killed. Gordon rushes off to save his family as Batman breaks in to the building. After realizing that the clown guards are the actual hostages and the doctors/hostages are the Joker's goons, he beats down some SWAT members in order to prevent them from killing the clown guards, and he disables the goons as he makes his way up to the Joker's location. When he finally confronts the Joker, the Joker sends the Chechen's rottweilers after him, and while Batman fights them off, the Joker beats him brutally with a blunt metal object, and eventually throws him close to the edge of the building, trapping him under a metal beam. At the same time, the two boats are still debating what to do with the detonators. On the 'criminal ferry', one of the largest and meanest-looking convicts makes a speech about the warden holding the trigger not knowing how to take life, then goes up to the warden and asks to take the trigger so he himself can do what the warden should have done ten minutes ago. The warden hands the convict the trigger and the convict promptly throws it out of the ferry, making it impossible for anyone on the convict ferry to blow up the 'innocent' ferry. On the innocent ferry, after having voted to use their detonator, the officials can't bring themselves to act out the decision. A man stands up, takes the detonator but is unable to press the button. The Joker, on top of Batman while holding him down, shows signs of disappointment when neither of the ferries' passengers will stoop to his level. As he's about to destroy the two boats, Batman fires his gauntlet darts at him, knocking the detonator out of his hands, and throws him over the edge of the building. Before he can hit the ground, however, Batman fires one of his grappling gun tools at him and saves him. While hanging in front of Batman, the Joker tells him that the two of them are destined to fight forever, and how Batman really IS incorruptible. The Joker reveals to him, however, that his real plan was to engineer the fall of Gotham's White Knight, Harvey Dent, since that would introduce much more chaos when a good man like Dent is shown descending into chaos and evil. Batman heads off to find Harvey, while the SWAT team captures the Joker. At 250 52nd St, Gordon arrives to see Two-Face holding his family hostage. Two-Face knocks him to the ground and tells him that he's going to make him suffer just as he did, as he grabs his young son Jimmy and prepares to flip the coin for his fate. Batman arrives and tells him to stop, and to blame the people responsible for Rachel's death. So then Two-Face flips the coin for Batman, which lands on the dirty, scarred side, and Two-Face shoots him. He then flips the coin for himself and it lands on the clean side. As he's flipping the coin for Gordon's son, he tells Gordon to lie to the boy and tell him that everything will be alright, just as Dent himself had to tell Rachel earlier, seconds before she was killed. Batman gets up and tackles him and they fall off of the building together. Unseen by them, the coin lands on the clean side. Batman hands Jimmy up to Gordon as Batman himself falls to the ground next to Two-Face, who lies motionless. As Gordon climbs down to check on Batman, Batman laments that, in the end, the Joker won. By corrupting Harvey Dent and turning him evil, he tore down the best of them. If Gotham were to find out about Dent's murders, then the symbol of hope and faith he had given Gotham would diminish and all the prisoners he helped put back in jail would be let out, thus creating chaos. Batman explains that Gotham can never find out about the murders, and takes the blame of them on himself, so that the Joker wouldn't win and the city's peace would remain. We see a montage of Commissioner Gordon and other members of the Gotham City Police Department gathered at a memorial to Harvey Dent. It is unclear whether he was killed or not. Gordon then smashes the Bat Signal above the MCU Building, while Alfred burns Rachel's note and Lucius shuts down the sonar machine with a pleased look. Batman, in the background, continues to explain that by taking the blame of the killings, the faith that the people of Gotham had in Harvey Dent can be rewarded, and they can feel justified. Batman then runs from Gordon as the cops begin to chase him, and Gordon tells his son that while Harvey Dent was the hero Gotham needed, Batman is the hero that Gotham deserved. The bat-signal is destroyed and a manhunt is issued for Batman. Batman gets on his Batpod and speeds away, while Gordon declares: "He's a silent Guardian. A watchful protector. A Dark Knight." 
 Batman Begins (2005)651) After training with his mentor, Batman begins his fight to free crime-ridden Gotham City from corruption. When his parents are killed, billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne relocates to Asia, where he is mentored by Henri Ducard and Ra's Al Ghul in how to fight evil. When learning about the plan to wipe out evil in Gotham City by Ducard, Bruce prevents this plan from getting any further and heads back to his home. Back in his original surroundings, Bruce adopts the image of a bat to strike fear into the criminals and the corrupt as the icon known as "Batman". But it doesn't stay quiet for long. konstantinwe As a child, a young Bruce Wayne witnesses the death of his parents at the hands of a crazed criminal. As an adult, Bruce travels the world seeking the means to fight injustice. He lives amongst the boroughs of criminals and thieves in central Asia. Eventually, he meets a mysterious figure named Ra's Al Guhl and joins his gang called the League of Shadows. Using his training, he is able to defeat his trainer. Finally meeting up with his estate caretaker Alfred Pennyworth, Bruce Wayne returns to Gotham. There, he becomes the new head of Wayne Enterprises. Together, with the help of the C.E.O. of the Wayne Enterprises Applied Sciences division, a man name Lucius Fox, he dons a new persona: Batman. As Batman takes on the criminals and organized crime underworld of Gotham, a sinister new underbelly of the city is exposed, and a new class of criminal is born. Will Batman be the one to stop them all, or does Gotham need a hero with a face? halo1k Bruce Wayne, who experiences the death of his parents at a very young age, relocates to Asia and trains with his mentors, Henri Ducard and Ra's Al Ghul in fighting injustice. He returns to a crime-ridden Gotham and with the help of his old butler and estate caretaker, Alfred, the C.E.O. of Wayne Enterprises Applied Science Division Lucius Fox, he dons a new persona, Batman, to strike fear into the hearts of the criminals and the corrupt. With the help of rising cop Gordon, and the Assistant District Attorney, and Bruce's love interest Rachel Dawes, he is able to take down the Mafia Don Falcone, and the twisted doctor/drug dealer Jonathan Crane a.k.a. The Scarecrow. With Ra's Al Ghul's return with his evil plan to destroy Gotham by inducing fear into the hearts of the people, Batman must defeat his mentor once again so as to bring peace in Gotham. srijanarora-152-448595 As a boy, a young Bruce Wayne watched in horror as his millionaire parents were slain in front of his eyes, a trauma which led him to become obsessed with revenge, but his chance is cruelly taken away from him by fate. After disappearing to the East where he seeks counsel with the dangerous but honorable ninja cult leader known as Ra's Al-Ghul, he returns to his now decaying Gotham City overrun by organized crime and dangerous individuals manipulating the system while the company he inherited is slowly being pulled out from under him. The discovery of a cave under his mansion, and a prototype armored suit leads him to take on a new persona, one which will strike fear into the hearts of men who do wrong, he becomes Batman. In the new guise, and with the help of rising cop Jim Gordon, Batman sets out to take down the various nefarious schemes in motion by individuals such as Mafia Don Falcone, the twisted doctor/drug dealer Jonathan "The Scarecrow" Crane, and a mysterious third party that is quite familiar with Wayne and waiting to strike when the time is right. Dark Horizons Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film's story is divided into three time-lines: -Blue represents the present -Red represents close flashbacks, which deal with Bruce Wayne 3 years earlier -Green represents distant flashbacks, which deal with Bruce Wayne aged 8 years old In the present and close flashbacks, Bruce Wayne is played by Christian Bale and Rachel Dawes is played by Katie Holmes . In distant flashbacks, Bruce Wayne is played by Gus Lewis and Rachel Dawes is played by Emma Lockhart . A large swarm of bats fly from left to right of shot. Back-lighted by a reddish sky, they make the shape of Batman's emblem. Distant flashback: Bruce Wayne and Rachel Dawes are playing in the Wayne Manor garden. Bruce falls down an sealed up well and fractures his arm. He is then attacked by a swarm of bats emerging from a large gaping crack at the well base. Present: Bruce wakes up from the nightmare in a Chinese prison. It becomes apparent that Bruce is regularly attacked by other inmates who brawl with him 6 to 1 at breakfast. Having beaten the majority of them, Bruce is punished with solitary confinement by the prison guards. In solitary, Bruce is approached by a man called Henri Ducard ( Liam Neeson ). Ducard displays a great deal of knowledge and authority by getting an audience with Bruce from the prison and by stating that he knows who Bruce is. Ducard then offers Bruce a place in the League of Shadows -- a collective of vigilantes and assassins. He deems that the League can offer Bruce a path to true justice instead of 'locking himself away with criminals to take them on one at a time.' Ducard arranges for Bruce to be released in the morning, when he will have to decide whether he will accept Ducard's offer. Should he do so he must pick a rare blue flower from the eastern slopes and carry it to the top of a nearby mountain. Bruce is released, as promised, and carries out his task. After carrying the flower to the top of the mountain, Bruce finds himself at the door of the League of Shadows headquarters. Inside he meets Ra's al Ghul ( Ken Watanabe ), the head of the League, and is confronted by Henri Ducard once again. Bruce hands over the blue flower and in doing so completes his test for membership. Ducard then suddenly attacks him, warning the exhausted Bruce that 'death does not wait for you to be ready.' Although Bruce fights back he is easily beaten and collapses. Distant flashback: Bruce is still in the well after being attacked by the bats. His father, Dr. Thomas Wayne ( Linus Roache ), comes down to rescue him and sets Bruce's fractured arm with the help of the family butler Alfred Pennyworth ( Michael Caine ). Thomas Wayne comforts Bruce by asking 'Why do we fall? So we can learn to pick ourselves up'. Later on Bruce admits to his father that he was scared of the bats and is now suffering nightmares. After being comforted further, Thomas shows his son the pearl necklace he'll give to his wife as a gift. That night, Thomas and Martha take Bruce to the opera via monorail. While on the train, Thomas confides that the city is in an economic downturn, and his company Wayne Enterprises funded the construction of the trains, routing them into the center of the city. Thomas, however, leaves running of the company to more interested people, preferring to work as a doctor at the hospital. While watching the opera Mefistofele Bruce is frightened by the bats in the production, which remind him of the bats that attacked him and asks his father if they can leave. Outside, in an alleyway, a man named Joe Chill ( Richard Brake ) accosts them with a revolver and demands the pearl necklace Thomas gave to Martha. A fight breaks out, and in the struggle, both Thomas and Martha are shot and are mortally wounded. Chill runs away, leaving Bruce alone with his parents. Before dying, Thomas manages to tell Bruce, "Don't be afraid...." That night, Bruce is watched after at the police station by officer James Gordon ( Gary Oldman ). Midway through, police commissioner Gillian B. Loeb (Colin MacFarlane) comes in and informs Bruce that the police have caught Chill. Bruce is put into Alfred's care. After the funeral, Wayne Enterprises CEO William Earle ( Rutger Hauer ) tells Bruce that the company will be looked after until Bruce grows up. Alfred tries to console Bruce when the boy confesses that his parents' deaths were his fault because he asked to leave the opera early. Present: Ducard asks Bruce if he still feels responsible for the death of his parents. Bruce responds that his is far too angry to feel guilty. His training with the League of Shadows begins. He is trained in the arts of ninjitsu, stealth, combat theatricality and deception. Bruce is trained not only to fight 6 men but to 'engage 600.' Ducard enforces his belief that all forms of crime must be fought without mercy and pity. Ducard explains that his wife was murdered and that he joined the League when he achieved his vengeance. Bruce reveals that he can't claim his vengeance. Close flashback: 14 years after his parents were killed, Bruce arrives at Wayne Manor from Princeton University; he's come home for Joe Chill's parole hearing. Alfred still manages the house and expresses his concern over Bruce. Rachel is now an Assistant District Attorney and takes Bruce to the hearing. Unknown to her, Bruce is concealing a revolver, with which he plans to shoot Chill if he is released. In the hearing, Chill expresses remorse for the murder of Bruce's parents and is given parole should he testify against his cellmate, gang boss Carmine Falcone ( Tom Wilkinson ). However, before Bruce can act, a female assassin posing as a reporter comes up with a pistol in hand and shoots Chill. Bruce watches as Chill bleeds to death and the assassin is arrested. Driving away after the incident, Rachel lectures Bruce afterward on the difference between justice and revenge and reveals that Gotham City is still suffering because of Falcone's illegal drug empire. Rachel then slaps him harshly when he reveals that he was planning to shoot Chill. She tells him that his father would be ashamed of him. Bruce, convinced that he has nothing to lose, makes his way to a bar in the Gotham underworld to confront Falcone. Falcone brags about his control over the city's police and judges, even pointing out who he has in his pockets who is present. He then threatens Rachel and Alfred to prove that Bruce does have a lot to lose. His thugs beat up Bruce and he leaves. Left no other choice but to run away, Bruce stows away aboard a cargo ship leaving the port. Bruce is then shown in China stealing food to survive and eventually getting involved in gangster operations in order to infiltrate them. He is then arrested - ironically, in the act of stealing Wayne Enterprises crates - and sent to the prison Ducard discovered him in at the beginning. Present: When Bruce reaches a skill level in which he is an equal to the majority in the League, he faces Ducard in combat. However, he is exposed beforehand to the vapors of the blue flower he brought up to the mountain earlier. The smoke distorts his senses and makes him hallucinate about bats, his greatest fear. Bruce overcomes his phobia and employs a clever trick to best Ducard in a sword fight, passing the trial. Ra's al Ghul sends for him and Ducard. Ra's puts Bruce to one final task before becoming a full member of the League. The task is to execute a prisoner of the League -- a man who has stolen his neighbour's land and killed them. Bruce refuses -- when Ducard tells him that his compassion will be a weakness, Bruce tells him that it's too important to simply deny. Ra's reveals to Bruce that he has been trained in order to lead the League to Gotham City, which is corrupted by evil to such an extent that it must be razed. Bruce sets a diversion, and lights the League's headquarters on fire and is forced to fight al Ghul while the the rest of the League escapes the wreckage to safety. Ducard is knocked out by Bruce who then manages to fend off Ra's, who is killed instantly when a roof beam collapses on him. Bruce picks up an unconscious Ducard and rescues him from the building as it explodes. Bruce leaves Ducard in the care of a villager. Bruce contacts Alfred, who arrives in a private jet to pick him up. Alfred reveals that Bruce, who has been away for seven years, has been legally declared dead by William Earle so that Earle can take Wayne Enterprises public. Bruce says it's a good thing he willed everything to Alfred, who jokes that Bruce is welcome to borrow the Rolls-Royce....so long as he brings it back with a full tank. Bruce explains to Alfred a plan he has to fight the Gotham underworld by taking on a new persona, which all criminals will fear. In Gotham, a serial killer named Victor Zsaz ( Tim Booth ), who is allegedly insane, is being transferred from a regular prison to the Arkham Asylum on the opinion of Dr. Jonathan Crane ( Cillian Murphy ). Rachel challenges Crane since Zsaz is yet another one of Falcone's thugs that Crane has had moved to the Asylum and away from prison, and goes unnoticed due to Falcone's corrupt influence. Dr. Crane meets with Falcone later on that night and demands that Rachel be dealt with. When Falcone refuses, Crane threatens him with the knowledge that his unknown boss is coming to the city -- Falcone is clearly intimidated by the mention of Crane's employer. Holed up in Wayne Manor, Bruce begins to work out what has happened since he has been away. While doing so he spots a bat flying around the ceiling. He goes back to the abandoned well and climbs down. Through the crack in which the bats appeared when he was attacked in his childhood, Bruce finds a huge cave filled with bats, which is connected to the lowest foundations of Wayne Manor. Coming to terms with his fear he establishes the cave as his base of operations. Bruce decides to announce his return and reports to Wayne Enterprises, where he makes a dramatic entrance to his own company's building by seducing a secretary into playing office golf. Earle, clearly shocked, warns him that he cannot prevent the company from going public at this later stage. Bruce explains that he is not bothered by this and that all he wants is a job, preferably in Applied Sciences. Earle sets this up and Bruce goes to meet his new 'boss', his father's best friend Lucius Fox ( Morgan Freeman ). Fox explains to Bruce that the Applied Sciences Department is a dead end, where Earle can reassign employees he considers troublemakers. Fox introduces Bruce to some of the equipment he's invented, that Bruce finds worthy. One is a special bulletproof Nomex survival suit, a Kevlar suit that will stop knives and any gun but a straight shot. It was meant for military use, but it apparently never caught on because the Army didn't think soldiers' lives were worth the $300,000 cost. Other items Fox shows to Bruce include a grappling gun and a safety harness. Bruce casually asks Fox if he can 'borrow' the gear for spelunking. Fox allows it, considering all the equipment to belong to Bruce anyway, though he is curious why Bruce is expecting to run into a lot of gunfire in the caves he's exploring. Bruce continues to explore the cave where he and Alfred find the lower foundations of the southeast wing of Wayne Manor and an old elevator shaft leading back up the house. Bruce also begins to modify the battle suit he borrowed adding bat-shaped gauntlets and spray-painting it a dark black. A few nights later, Bruce dons a ski mask and the grappling gear, goes to the police station, and breaks into Gordon's office, recognizing Gordon, who since we last saw him has been promoted to sergeant, to be one of the city's few incorruptible cops. By threatening him with a staple gun behind his back, Bruce questions Gordon on what it would take to bring Falcone to justice. Gordon responds that leverage on the corrupt Judge Faden and a D.A. brave enough to prosecute will be needed. Bruce tells him to watch for his sign, then escapes by jumping off the roof across to the next building, injuring himself in the process. Gordon tries to give chase, but it proves worthless to chase a random nut. Bruce realizes now that he needs a lightweight fabric to make a glider wing or parachute. He goes back to Fox and asks if there is any technology there that would suit him for 'BASE-jumping.' Fox shows him a special material called memory cloth, which is designed so that the molecules realign to form any type of rigid shape when an electric current passes through it. Bruce then takes interest in a tank-like vehicle called the Tumbler. As he drives it around an open warehouse floor, Fox explains that it was built as a bridging vehicle for the army. It is able to accelerate to high speeds, is tricked out with a variety of gadgets and weapons, and has a booster rocket that can send the vehicle into a "rampless" jump. At the end of the session, Fox asks Bruce what he thinks of the Tumbler. Bruce only has one question: "Does it come in black?" Back in the cave, Bruce adds further modifications to his suit, adding a radio transmitter, a cowling, the memory cloth, and a utility belt. He makes steel shurikens in the shape of a bat. He explains to Alfred that he has chosen the bat as his symbol because bats frighten him and it's time that his "enemies shared his dread." At the docks, Falcone and a corrupt police officer, Arnold Flass ( Mark Boone Junior ), are watching Falcone's thugs unload a shipment of drugs from an inbound cargo ship. The drugs are concealed in toys -- stuffed bears and rabbits. The bears are to go to the drug dealers and the rabbits to a mystery man in the Narrows -- a poverty-stricken area of Gotham overrun by crime. However, three of the thugs mysteriously vanish leaving nothing but a loud scream as they vanish into the darkness. As the others investigate, more disappear. The Batman quickly disposes of the remaining thugs and attacks Falcone. Gordon and his officers arrive to find the drugs and disarmed thugs at the scene and Falcone bound to a searchlight with his coat cut in such a way as to produce the shadow of a bat in the night sky. Meanwhile, Rachel is getting off a monorail train, while being shadowed by two of Falcone's thugs. She notices one and threatens him with a taser. He runs in fear when he sees Batman beating up the second thug. As Rachel turns she screams at the sight of Batman. He produces photographs compromising Judge Faden and then disappears as a police officer shows up. The news the next day of a 'Batman' has the whole city talking. Loeb is not happy that a vigilante is doing the job the police are meant to do, in spite of Gordon's defense that the vigilante did hand them Falcone on a platter. Rachel and the D.A.'s office decide that there is enough evidence to put Falcone on trial despite it been given to them by a vigilante. Alfred wakes Bruce up at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, despite Bruce's pleas for more sleep, and then frets over the bruises and injuries that he has taken the previous night. He shows Bruce a news story about his adventure from the night before and informs Bruce that he must live the life he would normally in public in order not to raise suspicion - doing such things as drive exotic sports cars, date movie stars, buy things that are not for sale, etc. He also tells Bruce that the bruises he's sporting now need an excuse, like playing polo, which Bruce says he won't do. Earle, meanwhile, gets word that a Wayne Tech Enterprise weapon, a microwave emitter, has been stolen from one of their cargo ships, and the crew of said ship has apparently been killed. The emitter is another military weapon, which uses focused microwaves to vaporize an enemy's water supply. Bruce takes Alfred's advice quite to the extreme. This starts with him going to a Wayne Enterprises party at a hotel with two female escorts, who almost get Bruce kicked out by bathing in the decorative fountain, a situation Bruce resolves by writing a check and purchasing the hotel on the spot. There he meets Rachel for the first time since returning from China. Although he tries to convince her that the way he is acting isn't really him, she tells him that "it's not who you are underneath, but what you do that defines you." Falcone has cut his wrists in prison to bolster his insanity plea and enable a move to Arkham Asylum. Dr. Crane is brought in to assess his "insanity". Once they're alone, Falcone demands that Dr. Crane move him in return for Falcone not suggesting the police have a closer look at the drugs he has been trafficking for Dr. Crane. Dr. Crane thinks for a moment about what to do. He then asks Falcone if he wants to see the mask he uses in his experiments at the Asylum, which he says the patients can't stand. He pulls a burlap-sack mask out of his briefcase. He releases gas from his suitcase and puts on the mask, which acts as an air filter. Falcone screams with fear at the hallucinations caused by the gas, which make the mask more terrifying. Dr. Crane is next seen leaving the room with his masked stored away, while Falcone's screams can still be heard. Dr. Crane tells the warden that Falcone isn't faking and should be moved to the Asylum. The following night Batman pays a visit to Gordon and tells him that only half the drugs brought in on Falcone's ship were to be sent to the dealers. He and Gordon conclude that it would help to interrogate Flass, who Batman identified at the docks making his escape. Flass is pickpocketing money from a falafel vendor on the street. As he walks away into a narrow alley, he springs a trap and is flown upside-down to the rooftops, suspended from Batman's grappling cord. Threatened by Batman, Flass tells him about the bear and rabbit shipments, that the rabbits make their way to the Narrows, and that there is some other substance hidden in the rabbits. Batman returns Flass to the ground and disappears. Meanwhile, Rachel's boss, Carl Finch, is quietly murdered by an assassin disguised as a police officer when he finds Wayne Enterprises' missing microwave emitter in one of Falcone's containers. Batman makes his way back to the Narrows and finds an apartment riddled with cuddly rabbit toys stuffed with the drugs. At that moment Dr. Crane and two of his men enter and Batman hides. At Dr. Crane's orders, the thugs douse gasoline around the apartment. Batman comes out of hiding and beats the two thugs. Dr. Crane, wearing his burlap mask, emerges and gasses him with the same gas he used on Falcone, using gas cylinders hidden in his shirt cuffs. Batman falls helplessly to the floor and scrambles around hallucinating bats and his parents' death. Dr. Crane douses him in gasoline while taunting him. He then lights a cigarette lighter and throws it at Batman's chest, causing his suit to burst into flames. Batman throws himself out of the window into the rain swept streets of the Narrows and hits the street with a thud. Desperately rolling around he puts out the flames, to the shock of the on-lookers, and then stumbles about trying to get his grapple gun. He fires the gun upwards and is carried to to a nearby rooftop. From there he grabs his communicator and calls for Alfred to help him. Alfred arrives and takes Batman into the car and drives him to the Manor. Still suffering the effects of the aerosol Crane sprayed him with, Bruce yammers, telling him to 'take poison...blood...blood poison', before passing out. Hearing his father's voice asking 'Bruce, why do we fall?", Bruce wakes up in his bed as if from a nightmare. Alfred reveals that he has been unconscious for two days and that today is his birthday -- 'many happy returns.' Bruce tells him that he has felt the effects of whatever Dr. Crane used on him before but not as strongly. Fox comes in and warns Bruce against 'hanging out in the wrong nightclubs' and after making a point of how hard he has worked to save Bruce, explains that he has created an antidote to the toxic gas. When asked if he could make any more of the antidote, Fox expresses concern that Bruce is willing to 'go back to the same club' and gas himself again, but he promises to bring what he has. He also explains that the antidote will inoculate people against the toxin. Rachel turns up at the Manor to give Bruce his birthday present and to apologize that she can't make his birthday party that night. Her boss has been missing for two days; she jokes bitterly about searching the river for his body. She cuts away from the conversation as she get a text message informing her that Falcone has been moved from prison to Arkham on Dr. Crane's orders. She rushes off to challenge Dr. Crane's decision. Knowing the she is in danger from Dr. Crane, Bruce changes to Batman, despite the guests who will soon arrive for his party. Rachel arrives at Arkham and watches Falcone -- now genuinely insane -- mumbling the word "Scarecrow" over and over. When she questions Dr. Crane on the meaning of scarecrow, Dr. Crane explains that a significant number of inmates focus their paranoia on an external tormentor, such as a scarecrow. Both are unaware that Batman is listening from outside. When Rachel demands that Falcone be evaluated by Dr. Lehmann, the court's psychiatrist, Dr. Crane leads her into the lower floors of the Asylum, where he reveals inmates who are pouring a toxin into the water pipes below. Rachel runs for it but Dr. Crane catches her, now wearing his burlap mask, and gasses her with his toxin. A terrified Rachel is interrogated by Dr. Crane in the basement. Suddenly the lights go out. Dr. Crane acknowledges that the Batman has arrived. He tells the guards not to worry about Rachel as she has been given a concentrated dose and will not last long, but to phone the police. He explains that the police can't stop the toxin, but Batman might -- unless the police stop him first. Although Dr. Crane's henchmen are prepared, Batman appears in the basement and overcomes them all easily. He gasses Crane with his own toxin. With Crane hallucinating that Batman's mask has become monstrously frightening, Crane lets slip that he is working for Ra's al Ghul before Batman slams him into a wall, knocking him unconscious. Batman picks up Rachel and takes her high up on the landing before the huge stairway at Arkham's entrance. The police arrive. Not willing to wait for backup in the form of a SWAT team as Flass is, Gordon goes into the building and is grabbed by Batman. The SWAT teams arrive. Batman explains to Gordon that he needs to get Rachel to his hideout so he can give her the antidote to the toxin. But Batman can't escape the SWAT team while carrying Rachel, so he asks Gordon carry her to the alley outside on the Narrows side. He then activates a device in the heel of his boot, which emits a high-pitched signal, that Batman calls his "backup". Gordon takes Rachel down the stairway as the SWAT crew raids the building. As they begin to set up, a huge swarm of bats breaks into the building in response to Batman's signal. With bats everywhere distracting the SWAT officers, Batman drops from the stairway using his cape to land safely. He breaks into the prisoners' area, courteously apologizing for disturbing the inmates, and uses explosives to break outside. There he meets Gordon and takes Rachel from him. Batman refuses further help from Gordon, knowing he can't take him too, and gets into the Tumbler. He hurries Rachel back to the Manor, with police cars and helicopters in hot pursuit. A very dramatic car chase ensues as Batman weaves through parking garage ramps, over church roofs, underground tunnels, and highways, destroying multiple police cars with evasive manuevers and caltrops to blow out their tires and the vehicle's stealth technology, making it invisible to the police helicopters chasing him. He returns to the Batcave to find that Fox has delivered three vials of the toxin's antidote, one of which he uses to save Rachel. Gordon gets a report from the detectives studying the toxin in the water. Gotham's whole water system is laced with the stuff; it must have taken weeks to prepare the material. No one has noticed anything up to now because the toxin apparently has no effect unless it's inhaled. Meanwhile, Rachel wakes up inside the cave and Batman explains what has happened. He tells her he is going to sedate her and when she wakes up she will be at home with the two remaining vials of the antidote. She must get them to Gordon -- one for him to inoculate himself and one for mass production. He sedates her and gets changed for his party. Bruce tells Alfred about Rachel and asks him to take her home. He goes to the party downstairs to a chorus of Happy Birthday. He meets Earle, who tells him that the stock offering was a success; the buyers were mostly trusts and brokerages. Bruce finds Fox and thanks him for the antidote vials that he delivered. Bruce then tells him what has happened. Fox interrupts that the water won't help disperse an inhalant. He stops and thinks. He says the stolen the microwave emitter could vaporize all the water in the mains, releasing the toxin. He reveals that he has been fired by Earle for asking too many questions about it. Bruce asks him to break into Wayne Enterprises and begin making more antidote. Bruce is carted off unwillingly to another section of the party by Mrs. Delane. When she insists that he must meet a man called Ra's al Ghul, she suddenly has Bruce's attention. As the figure turns around, it is clearly not Ra's. Bruce whispers that he watched Ra's die. A familiar voice from behind asks 'but is Ra's al Ghul immortal? Are his methods supernatural?' Bruce turns around to the sight of Henri Ducard. Bruce thinks slowly before figuring out that Ducard is the true Ra's and the man Bruce fought back at the League of Shadows HQ was a decoy. Ra's muses that they both have double identities. He then lectures Bruce on the weakness of compassion. Even though Bruce had saved his life, he will still destroy Gotham. Ra's gives Bruce a chance to get the innocent guests out of the house, which he does by acting drunk and insulting them. After Bruce demands his guests leave him in peace, he and Ra's walk together. Ra's explains that Crane's fear toxin is derived from the blue flowers back in China and that he found a way of weaponising it. Crane, however, is not a member of the League of Shadows and his idea of the plan was that they would hold the city to ransom. Ra's explains that Gotham must be destroyed because of how corrupt it is -- which he illustrates by explaining that the League of Shadows has infiltrated every level of its infrastructure. The scene is intercut with a series of shots showing members of the League disguised as officials and police officers releasing people from Arkham -- including Victor Zsaz and Crane, who, still under the effects of his own fear toxin, only mumbles 'scarecrow.' Back at the Manor, Ra's offers Bruce one last chance to join and help the League, which Bruce refuses, claiming that there are still good people in the city and that Gotham isn't beyond saving. Ra's nods to other League members, who set fire to the mansion. Ra's explains that Gotham has been attacked by the League before through economics, which caused the depression when Bruce was a child. Ra's hoped that the city would destroy itself through the unequal distribution of wealth, however certain members of the rich families, such as Bruce's parents, donated money to help Gotham recover. But Ra's is back to the finish the job. With this Ra's attacks Bruce and pushes him in the way of a falling beam which pins an unconscious Bruce to the floor. With Wayne Manor burning around him Ra's says 'Justice is balance. You burned down my house and left me for dead. Consider us even.' Meanwhile the Narrows is in a state of panic as hundreds of rapists and murders are freed from the Asylum. Rachel wakes up in her bed with the two vials of antidote. Alfred arrives back at Wayne Manor and uses a golf club to knock out a League member guarding the house. Praying that the man was not a member of the fire department, Alfred rushes into the burning house and rouses Bruce. Managing to free himself, Bruce is led to the cave by Alfred as the house collapses. Alfred inspects Bruce for injuries as Bruce is torn about the destruction of his father's house. Alfred tells him that the Wayne legacy is more than bricks and mortar and quotes Thomas Wayne: 'Why do we fall, sir? So that we can learn to pick ourselves up.' Police in full strength are moving from central Gotham across the bridge to the Narrows island. Rachel, being a D.A., is allowed to pass. She finds Gordon and gives him the antidote. Gordon explains that they are going to raise the bridges to the island and they need to get Rachel off before they do. One last SWAT van is allowed over to the Narrows secretly carrying Ra's, a handful of his henchmen and the microwave emitter. A train, on the overhead Wayne line is stopped by the League where the Microwave emitter is being prepared to be hoisted up to it. While the drawbridges are raised, Ra's sets off the machine causing all of the water in the pipes below the streets to vaporize and blow the pipes open in the Narrows. The toxin is released and affects everyone in the Narrows including the escaped convicts and the police alike. Gordon inoculates himself with the antidote and finds a fearful Flass ready to shoot two innocent and equally frightened teenagers. Gordon knocks him out and handcuffs him to a railing. Meanwhile the few remaining people of the Gotham Police force wonder what is going on. The Narrows begins to tear itself apart. In the streets, people violently attack one another. Rachel is confronted by Crane on a horse whose previous rider, a riot cop, is dragged behind. Wearing his burlap mask, Crane announces to her his new alias, 'the Scarecrow.' Gordon requests reinforcements but to his dismay he is told that all of the riot police are already on the island and there is no one left to send. Suddenly the Tumbler jumps across the gap from Gotham to the Narrows. Batman explains to Gordon that Ra's intends to use the train to carry the microwave emitter to Wayne Tower. When the train reaches Wayne Tower at the center of Gotham, the microwave emitter will vaporise the contents of all the water mains, covering the whole city with the toxin and creating mass panic beyond the Narrows. He asks Gordon for help and gives him the key to the Tumbler. The Scarecrow is about to run down Rachel. She fires her taser and hits him in the face. His horse carries him away screaming. Rachel is surrounded by a dozen inmates from Arkham, including the serial killer Mr. Zsasz, carrying a knife. Batman jumps from above them, cracking Zsasz over the head, picks up Rachel and carries her to a rooftop and to safety. As Batman leaves her she asks him who he is. He replies 'It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me' -- quoting her own words back at her. She says 'Bruce?' as he jumps from the rooftop and uses his memory cloth cape as a glider. As he seemingly flies in the air, the fearful people below shriek in terror as their hallucinations warp the sight of him. Gordon orders the main bridge to be lowered and starts up the Tumbler. Ra's is overseeing the madness below as his men fasten the microwave emitter into place on board the train. He spots Batman gliding towards him. Batman lands on the train platform. Ra's comments that he took his advice on theatricality a bit too literally and boards the train. Four members of the League appear and prevent Batman from pursuing. During the fight, Batman tries to uses his grapple hook to secure himself to the train but it is knocked out of his hand. The fight takes all participants down to the street floor where Batman manages to overcome all four League members. However he is ganged up on by dozens of terrified and angry citizens. As Ra's starts the train overhead, Batman finds his grapple gun and fires it at the train. He's dragged behind the train. Gordon meanwhile is following the Tumbler's GPS system toward Wayne Tower. As the bridges are lowered, Ra's's train breaks the water pipes, releasing the toxic gas. The Tumbler is not far behind. Batman manages to pull himself to the train. He smashes through one of the train windows and engages an infuriated Ra's. Batman takes Ra's sword and breaks it in two with his gauntlets. Distracting Ra's, he stabs the sword into the braking controls of the train. Gordon arrives at Wayne Tower. He arms the Tumbler's defense systems and fires missiles at a train rail foundation. With the train approaching Wayne Tower, Ra's gets the upper hand over Batman and taunts him: 'Don't be afraid, Bruce. You are just an ordinary man in a cape. That's why you couldn't fight injustice, that's why you can't stop this train.' Batman replies, 'who said anything about stopping it?' Ra's looks up and notices a half of his sword sticking in the brake control. As this happens Gordon destroys the foundation and breaks the railway line with the Tumbler's missiles. With this distraction, Batman regains the upper hand and pins Ra's. Batman explains that he won't kill Ra's -- but he doesn't have to save him, either. He blows out the back end of the train car, throws himself out, and glides away. Ra's can only look up to watch the train propel itself off the line and into the street below. The microwave emitter is damaged by the impact and explodes, destroying the whole train. The next day, Earle arrives at Wayne Enterprises to chair a meeting. He'd shocked to find that the meeting has already begun -- and is led by Fox, who reveals he has Earle's job. Bruce is in the back of his car reading a newspaper: Batman has made the front page and Bruce is on page 8 under the headline 'Drunken Billionaire Burns Down Home.' He takes a call from Earle, who asks on what authority Bruce can decide who runs Wayne Enterprises. Bruce states that he is the owner. Earle reminds him that the company has gone public. Bruce explains that he bought most of the shares through various trusts and brokerages. Fox agrees with Bruce's words, and asks Earle, "Didn't you get the memo?" in reference to the words Earle told him when firing him from AS. Back at Wayne Manor, Bruce is nailing boards over the old well in the garden when he is approached by Rachel. He apologizes for not telling her about his identity earlier. She apologizes for slapping him the day Chill died and for the horrible things that she said before he disappeared. Bruce tells her that what she said was true and that he was just a coward with a gun. He thanks her. She says that when she heard that he was back she began to hope. She moves closer towards him and kisses him. She then explains that she then found out about his mask -- his actual face. She explains that his true face is the cowl of Batman and that the boy she loved long ago never came back. But maybe one day they can be together when Batman is no longer needed. Bruce nods. Rachel tells him that she was wrong and that Bruce's father would be proud of him, just as she is. Alfred is walking through the rubble of the Manor and Rachel asks Bruce about what he will do. Bruce replies that he'll rebuild it just the way it was before. Rachel turns to leave. Alfred wonders if it's a good time to improve the foundations of the south-east corner. Bruce agrees and they walk off. That night, Batman meets Gordon, who reveals that he has recently been made a lieutenant. Gordon has also made a version of the signal that Batman had made with Falcone. Gordon talks about how the Narrows are lost to a new crime wave and the escalation between law enforcement methods and criminal methods such as the police wearing Kevlar leading to criminals buying armor-piercing ammunition. He expresses concern that the city's dependence on Batman may have negative consequences. Gordon uses a recent case as an example: a criminal with a taste for theatrics whom has killed two people. The suspect leaves a calling card at the scene of each crime. Gordon gives Batman the evidence: a Joker playing card (see The Dark Knight (2008) ). Batman says that he will look into it. Batman then assures Gordon that they can make Gotham safe again and he jumps from the roof and glides away. 