nm0005311:

 Cougar Town (20092015)Summaries Follows the escapades and relationships of a group of neighbors living in Gulfhaven, Florida. Teenager Travis may live in Florida's leisurely Cougar Town, it's not easy being the son of his divorced parents: over-protective Jules and lazybones Bobby. Jules obsessively draws attention, wins sympathy and 'benignly' bosses everyone around. That includes her real estate office deputy Laurie, neighbor Ellie- who rules her devoted Cuban husband Andy Torres with iron hand- and in various modes hunky new neighbor and barman Grayson, all forming a quarrelsome gang. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 White Chicks (2004)431) Two disgraced FBI agents go way undercover in an effort to protect hotel heiresses the Wilson sisters from a kidnapping plot. After an unsuccessful mission, FBI agents Kevin and Marcus Copeland fall into disgrace at the agency. They decide to work undercover on an abduction case disguised as Brittany and Tiffany Wilson, the vain, spoiled white daughters of a tycoon. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Two disgraced African American FBI agents, siblings Kevin and Marcus Copeland, are assigned the duty of protecting cruise-line heiresses Brittany and Tiffany Wilson from a kidnapping plot. Their supervisor, Elliott Gordon has given them this duty as a last resort to being fired from the agency given their recent reputation. When the Wilson sisters suffer facial scars from a car accident, they refuse to leave the hotel. To save their jobs, the Copelands will do the unthinkable: disguise themselves as white women in the form of Wilson sister lookalikes. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Plot Summary Two black FBI agents, Kevin and Marcus (Shawn and Marlon Wayans), have gone undercover to bust a drug dealer, but their sting falls apart. Their boss gives them a new assignment to escort two hotel heiresses, Brittany and Tiffany Wilson, to the Hamptons. The FBI has received word that there is a plot to kidnap the sisters at the Hamptons. As they are driving from the airport to the Hamptons, the girl's little dog goes out the window, and causes them to have a wreck. The two girls end up with cuts on their faces in the wreck. Brittany and Tiffany take a stand, and refuse to go to the Hamptons looking like this. If they don't go, the kidnapping plot will not occur. Kevin and Marcus will fail again, and probably lose their jobs. They decide to disguise themselves as the Wilson sisters and catch the kidnappers. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) ************************************************************** Plot The plot begins in a convenience store where two FBI agents and brothers, Kevin Copeland and Marcus Copeland (Shawn and Marlon Wayans), try to capture members of an organization that sells drugs inside ice cream boxes (where in they disguise as old Caribbean men that are recipients of the drugs). A gunfight ensues, Kevin and Marcus finally knock out the criminals, leaving the place in shambles. But they soon find out that the men are actually selling real ice cream. Moments later, the real drug dealers arrive and escape. The FBI supervisor, Elliott Gordon (Frankie Faison) and some agents arrive after the scene. The place gets very messy when they arrive. He gives the two agents a last chance to remain in the FBI by giving them the duty of protecting the mega-rich billionaire cruise line heiresses Brittany and Tiffany Wilson (Maitland Ward and Anne Dudek) from a kidnapping plot (known as the socialite kidnappings). When the Wilson sisters get facial cuts in a car accident, they refuse to leave the hotel due to their appearance (despite the fact their cuts are barely noticeable). The agents then disguise themselves as white women in the form of Wilson sister look-alikes in order to save their jobs. At the Hamptons hotel, Kevin and Marcus meet Brittany and Tiffany's three best friends, Karen, Tori and Lisa. They also meet their enemies Megan and Heather Vandegeld. Marcus' wife Gina gets suspicious when she hears a woman's voice while she was on the phone with Kevin. Their marriage goes through a bumpy road. Kevin shows an interest in the news reporter Denise Porter, they have a long bumpy road of trying to be men, Marcus for his wife and Kevin for Denise as well as trying to be women at the hotel. In the end they attend the "white" party, the real Tiffany and Brittany Wilson turn up and they dont know what to do, but something more important accures, they spot a suspicious man with a gun at the party. 
 He's Just Not That Into You (2009)431) This Baltimore-set movie of interconnecting story arcs deals with the challenges of reading or misreading human behavior. The needy Gigi Haim is a young woman seeking her prince charming somewhere amongst her unsuccessful dates. After dating estate agent Conor Barry, Gigi anxiously expects to receive a phone call from him. However Conor never calls her. Gigi decides to go to the bar where he frequents to see him, but she meets his friend Alex who works there. They become friends and Alex helps Gigi to interpret the subtle signs given out by her dates. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In Baltimore, five women and four men try to sort out the signals that the sexes exchange. Gigi imagines every man she meets is Mr. Right; she gets reality checks from Alex, a sweet but cynical saloon keeper. Janine and Ben seem solidly married until he chats with Anna in a market checkout line; meanwhile Anna is indifferent to the pursing Conor. Neil and Beth have been together seven years; she dumps him when she realizes he really and truly isn't going to marry her. Does he love her? And Mary sells advertising while searching online for a man. Will those in love stay in love? Will those searching figure out who is and who isn't into them? Are men all that different from women? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie centers around Gigi ( Ginnifer Goodwin ), Janine ( Jennifer Connelly ), and Beth ( Jennifer Aniston ), three women who work in an office together. Gigi is single and very interested in meeting the right man, but tends to overanalyze "the signs" men give off and assumes they are interested in her, even when they don't call her. She is encouraged by Janine and Beth, who help her make excuses and tell her stories about women they know who are happily married even though the man didn't seem interested at first. Janine is married to Ben ( Bradley Cooper ) and they are renovating their new house. She is a paranoid neat freak, and especially concerned that he may have started smoking again. Ben married Janine because they had been together since college, and she gave him an ultimatum - marry her, or break up. While at the grocery store, Ben meets Anna ( Scarlett Johansson ), an up and coming singer/yoga teacher. He allows her to cut the line to cashier, resulting in her being named the 1000th customer and winning a water cooler. He reveals he is married, but offers to help Anna with her singing career because he has several contacts in the business. Beth is living with Neil ( Ben Affleck ) and they have been together for 7 years. She wants to get married, especially since two of her sisters are married and the third is engaged. Neil, although a very attentive and nice boyfriend, is firmly against marriage and wants them to stay the way they are. Gigi meets Connor ( Kevin Connolly ), a real estate agent, but he is again not very interested in her, and instead of calling her, calls Anna, with whom he begins a quasi-relationship, although she is clearly not very interested in him. After waiting around and cyber-stalking Connor for some time, Gigi tries to find Connor by telling his friend Alex ( Justin Long ), a bar manager, that she has Connor's pen. Alex flatly tells her that Connor is not interested, that if a man wants to go out with a woman, he will be clear and upfront about it, and that women should stop making excuses for why men don't call. He says that the stories she hears about people who end up together anyway are the exception, and she is the rule. Inspired, Gigi shares her newfound knowledge with Janine and Beth, causing Beth to face the facts, go home, and ask Neil if he will ever marry her. He can't give her an answer, so they break up and he moves out. Anna and her friend Mary ( Drew Barrymore ) discuss Ben at a salon. Mary works in advertising for a gay publication where she is working over the phone to publish an ad for Connor. Mary is also unsuccessful at meeting men, mostly because she meets them over the internet or the phone and she rarely gets to meet them in person. She especially hates how many portals of communications a woman has to check these days to see whether a guy has called them. She tells Anna a story of a married man who divorced his wife to marry a woman he loved, so Anna calls Ben to see if he would like to discuss contacts over coffee. He gets freaked out and turns her down, but later calls her back and agrees to meet with her. Afterwards, Janine comes into the room, suggests that it could one day be a baby's room. Ben doesn't want to talk about babies yet. Gigi meets another man at Alex's bar during happy hour. They exchange cards, but she presses him as to who will call whom. After he doesn't call, she calls Alex for more advice. He tells her that the man is just not interested and not to call him. She decides to listen to him and throws away the card. Beth's sisters are concerned that she broke up with Neil, and a cousin points out her single status during her sister's rehearsal dinner. Her father tells her she is his favorite daughter anyway, because she has always done things her own way, and the same goes for meeting someone. Anna and Ben meet up in his office to discuss contacts. They reveal that they are attracted to each other, but Ben says he cannot cheat on his wife. Ben goes out sailing with Neil, who is living on his boat, and they talk about marriage. Ben says that he married Janine because he loves her and is happily married now, but jokes that no man really wants to get married and all they think about is all the women they're missing out on. Neil is surprised and says he only wants to be with Beth. Then Ben goes to a yoga class that Anna is teaching, and afterwards she invites him for a swim, where they agree to be friends. Anna strips down and jumps into the pool while Ben watches from the side. Meanwhile, Janine finds an ashtray and cigarettes in their backyard. When Ben comes home, she yells at him for smoking, which he denies, saying that it could be any of the workers who are renovating their house. She apologizes, but he sees his marriage in a new light and sleeps with Anna. Gigi is making out with another guy on his couch. She mentions waiting for the second date to be intimate, but he tells her that he will be out of town and out of touch for a while. She goes to the bathroom and calls Alex, who is also making out with a girl. He tells her to ask where the guy is going that he would be out of touch (he fumbles and tells her Pittsburgh), and says that the guy doesn't really like Gigi, and she should only go out with someone who likes her. He later calls her and says he will introduce her to someone he thinks will like her, a friend Bill. They meet at the bar, but Alex says he accidentally told Bill the wrong day, so he won't be there. She asks why Alex shares all his insight on men and women with her, and he says he likes her and invites her to a party he's having. Gigi has decided that she will go to the party to pursue Alex, because all the "signs" are there. At the party he barely talks to her, but asks her to refill the chip bowls. She jumps at the chance to "co-host", thinking this will make them a couple. After the party, Alex is playing video games with a tall, attractive woman while Gigi cleans up the apartment. After the woman leaves, Gigi jumps on Alex and begins to kiss him, but he pushes her off and tells her she's doing the same thing again. She gets mad and tells him that she would be naive like she is than cynical like him, because despite his attitude, he is still alone, and she will always be closer to finding someone than he is. She storms out and Alex is obviously stunned. Beth is a bridesmaid at her sister's wedding. While her sisters walk down the aisle with their husbands, the family dog escorts her. Her father has a heart attack at the reception, and Beth, her sisters, and their husbands stay at his home to care for him. Beth does most of the work, while her sisters' husbands are lazy, make a mess, and watch TV. She asks if they went to get groceries like she asked, and they dismiss her, saying they got takeout, and ignore her while shouting at the television. She notices that Neil is in the kitchen and has done all the dishes as well as bought groceries. Janine asks if any of the workers at the house smoked. Their manager denies it, so she concludes that Ben must still be smoking. While at a Home Depot type of store, she insists on their using hardwood instead of laminate, even though she can't tell the difference, because she feels that the laminate is lying to her. Ben tells her he cheated on her and says he will move out, but she says they will work it out. Later, Anna and Ben are about to have sex in his office when his wife knocks on the door. Anna hides in the closet while Janine seduces Ben in an attempt to save their marriage. After she leaves, Anna storms out, disgusted, and ends it with Ben. Mary finally gets a message from someone she met on-line; where he sings her a song and tells her it was special to meet her (on video chat). She gets excited, but the next message is he singing the same song to another girl that he accidentally recorded on her machine. Meanwhile, Alex is at the bar acting very distracted and constantly asking if anyone has called for him. His co-worker tells him he must have fallen for a girl -- Gigi. His friend Bill calls Gigi and they go on a date, after which they awkwardly say goodbye at her door. Gigi hears another knock and opens the door to find Alex, who tells her he has her pen and wants to be with her. Gigi doesn't believe him and states all the advice he has given her, but he kisses her. She asks if this means she is the exception, and he says, "You're my exception." Beth goes to see Neil on his boat to tell him that after seeing her sisters' husbands, she no longer needs to get married, because Neil is a better husband than they ever would be. She says he can move back in as long as he does not bring back his ugly pair of cargo pants. At home, Janine sets up their newly renovated house, looking forward to an improved marriage, but flips out when she finds cigarettes in one of Ben's pockets. She throws all his clothes down the stairs and smashes a mirror, only to get the broom and sweep up the broken pieces. Ben comes home to find his belongings neatly folded on the bottom of the stairs and a carton of cigarettes, with a note from Janine telling him to knock himself out, and she wants a divorce. Anna goes to Connor and they sleep together, but Anna is clearly less satisfied. Connor shows her a house he wants to buy and tells her he hopes that she would someday move in with him, but Anna says she can't be with him. Mary then calls Connor at a coffee place from a few tables away. They finally meet face to face and seem to get along. Neil moves back in with Beth, but she finds his ugly cargo pants and tells him she's throwing them out. He tells her to at least make sure the pockets are empty, and she finds an engagement ring. When she turns around, he proposes to her and she of course says yes. The end of the movie shows Neil and Beth's wedding on his boat, Anna opting to stop dating for awhile to focus on her singing career and herself, Mary and Connor happily in love, Janine and Ben divorced and living on their own, and Gigi and Alex co-hosting a party as a couple, while Gigi's voice over advises that the path to happiness is not through finding another person, but through finding yourself. 
 Made of Honor (2008)651) A guy in love with an engaged woman tries to win her over after she asks him to be her maid of honor. Made of Honor revolves around Tom and Hannah, who have been platonic friends for 10 years. He's a serial dater, while she wants marriage but hasn't found Mr. Right. Just as Tom is starting to think that he is relationship material after all, Hannah gets engaged. When she asks Tom to be her "maid" of honor, he reluctantly agrees just so he can attempt to stop the wedding and woo her. Orange Tom is a Casanova, who met Hannah in a party. They remained friends for 10 years and maintained their relationship strictly to friendship. However Tom's feelings for Hannah begins to change when he realises that she is getting married. He realises that he loves her. Keith Francis Slick stud Tom, a born womanizer, always had a boon for confident Hannah, the one who never fell for his cheeky charms but became his female confident, yen years after their college dorm days. He always waved his New York basketball mates' warning she wouldn't remain available endlessly for a serial dater. For her job as art prospector, she was on a six weeks mission to Scotland, during which Tom realizes he misses her around badly. To his horror, she returns with a Scottish perfect fiance, Colin, who already convinced her to move into his ancestral estate. While hesitating to make a last-chance move, baffled Tom accepts her invitation to act, lacking a girl buddy, as his 'best maid', inspired by his committed mates to attempt sabotaging Colin and convincing her he's the only soulmate. So he comes along to Scotland, where he's heir to the country's largest whiskey distillery, and a champion at everything, from hunting to Highland games, yet Yankee novice Tom must compete. KGF Vissers Against the odds, New Yorkers Tom and Hannah, who have known each other since they were in college together ten years ago, became best friends, those odds being their differences: Tom, a Lothario, who fashions his dating life to avoid any sort of commitment, and Hannah, the one woman who called out his womanizing behavior - his admiration of her in doing so the basis of their friendship - and with who he has never pursued because of it. Independently wealthy Tom, who lives off the royalties from inventing the takeout coffee cup collar, is like his father, also a womanizer, who, conversely is commitment happy in being on wife number six, he choosing younger trophy wives even in knowing they are marrying him primarily for his money. When Hannah, an art historian, returns to New York after a six week business trip to Scotland, she brings with her new fianc Colin, a wealthy scotch maker and royaled Scot (the son of a Duke) with who she fell in love at first sight, they planning on getting married in Scotland in two weeks time. The problem for Tom is not the fact that as her best friend Hannah asks him to be her maid of honor, but that while she was away he came to the realization that he wanted a life of commitment, specifically with her. With his best male friends advising him, Tom decides to accept the role of maid of honor both so that he can show up Colin, and show Hannah that he is changed man worthy of her committed love. His already difficult job of showing himself in a different light to Hannah is made all the more difficult as Hannah's cousin Melissa is one of the bridesmaids, she who has never forgiven Tom, a former lover, for their split. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. One Halloween night, Tom Bailey (Patrick Dempsey) dressed as Bill Clinton goes to slip into bed with his pre-arranged date "Monica", but it was the wrong woman. Instead it was "Monica's" roommate Hannah (Michelle Monaghan). After bantering which each other, they become instant friends for Tom likes her honesty and how she doesn't fling herself at him. Ten years later we see Tom, very wealthy because of his creation of the "coffee collar" (gets a dime every time it is used) and leaving the bed of another girl. A different one every every night for one of his rules is "no back to backs except for Sundays and Mondays for they are a different week". After picking up two lattes at Starbucks and another phone number, Tom meets up with Hannah at a museum where she is a painter, and the two have lunch. Tom takes Hannah to his father's sixth wedding to a young girl who has more boobs than brains and after the reception Hannah tells Tom she must go to Scotland for work. While she's gone for those long agonizing months, Tom discovers that without her, and being with other women over and over is not very fulfilling. He soon realizes that he is in love with Hannah. During a basketball game he tells his friends his realization and get typical neanderthal responses from them, but decides to tell her his feelings after all when she gets back. However, after meeting up with Hannah at a restaurant, Hannah surprises Tom by introducing to him a wealthy Scotsman named Colin (Kevin McKidd) and announces that they are engaged, and incredibly asks Tom to be her "maid" of honor. After discussing it with his friend, Tom decides to be her maid of honor after all just to spend time with her. After meeting her pastor he tries to convince her she does not even know Colin and make her realize that she loves him but to no avail. Later they meet up with the other bridesmaids, one of them being Hannah's cousin and a bitter ex fling, who passes Tom a business card for entertainment for the shower. Later at the shower the business card was actually for a sex toy party. After arriving in Scotland for the wedding, Tom realizes he is running out of time to stop Hannah. He meets all of Colin's family and must perform in the "games," in which the groom must compete to prove himself worthy of his bride. Tom is also in the competition with Colin but is humiliated in the last round. It seems as if Colin is near perfection. The following evening Tom takes Hannah out for a walk hoping to tell her how he feels, however the other bridesmaids interrupt for Hannah's bachelorette party (Hen Night). On her Hen Night, Hannah parades around a pub and sells her kisses for change. As she goes around, Hannah kisses Tom. Though it just started as a peck, it turned into a passionate kiss. That night, Hannah decides to confront Tom and ask about the kiss. However, when she gets to his room her drunk cousin is there trying to seduce him. Hannah leaves and Tom runs after her. He knocks on her door, pleading for her to let him in. She refuses and asks about the kiss. He tells her he knew he was the one for her, not Colin. She refuses to say that she thinks so too and still expects to marry Colin the next day. Tom cannot go through with watching Hannah and Colin get married so he decides to go home. When questioned about his disappearance, Hannah simply tells Colin that Tom is just afraid of losing her. On the way home Tom realizes that he must stop the wedding and goes back on horseback. Just when the priest asks for objections, Tom is sent flying off his horse and through the chapel doors. Seeing her best friend on the floor, Hannah rushes to him. As he struggles to stand up, he tells her that he loves her more than anything. They then share a kiss. Hannah tells Colin that she is very sorry and that he is the perfect guy, just not the perfect guy for her. In the end, Tom and Hannah get married. 