nm0001517:

 Spy Game (2001)651) Retiring CIA agent Nathan Muir recalls his training of Tom Bishop while working against agency politics to free him from his Chinese captors. CIA operative Nathan Muir (Redford) is on the brink of retirement when he finds out that his protege Tom Bishop (Pitt) has been arrested in China for espionage. No stranger to the machinations of the CIA's top echelon, Muir hones all his skills and irreverent manner in order to find a way to free Bishop. As he embarks on his mission to free Bishop, Muir recalls how he recruited and trained the young rookie, at that time a sergeant in Vietnam, their turbulent times together as operatives and the woman who threatened their friendship. ck It's April 14, 1991, the final day of work for CIA case agent Nathan Muir before he retires. It has been a job that has not made him opulently wealthy, he planning on using his life savings of $282,000 to purchase a retirement property in the Bahamas. This day, he is called by a task force led by Charles Harker and Troy Folger to provide any personal information on Tom Bishop, a CIA undercover field agent who has just been apprehended by the Chinese government in China, and who will be executed in twenty-four hours by the Chinese on charges of espionage unless the US government claims him, which if they do means answering to what was Bishop's unauthorized operation in China. Bishop, a former US Army sharpshooter, was recruited into the CIA as a contract agent by Muir, who acted as his trainer, mentor and case agent in his early CIA career, hence the reason for Muir being called by the task force to provide personal information which may not be in Bishop's official file. What Muir does not tell the task force is that he had heard about Bishop's predicament earlier by one of his CIA colleagues, Harry Duncan, who is currently working an operation in Hong Kong. Although the task force members do not come right out and say so, Muir knows they are working on a different agenda than him, they whose main goal is to protect an imminent trade negotiation between the US and China which means possibly sacrificing Bishop as collateral damage, while Muir is determined to stop the execution and ensure Bishop's safe return as one of CIA's own and as his friend. Muir spends much of the day with the task force, which takes up much of his time to achieve his goal, but which also allows him to feed the task force information or misinformation which may assist his own cause while gleaning information from the task force which he may not know. Assisting Muir outside the war room is his faithful assistant, Gladys Jennip. Getting Bishop back to safety also means that Muir has to figure out what was Bishop's operation in China. Huggo Brad Pitt is reunited as a co-star with his A River Runs Through It (1992) director Robert Redford for this espionage thriller from Tony Scott. On the verge of retirement from the Central Intelligence Agency, veteran spy Nathan Muir (Redford) learns that his one-time protege Tom Bishop (Pitt) has gone rogue and been taken prisoner after attempting to smuggle a prisoner out of China. Although Muir and Bishop had once been close friends, sharing adventures from Vietnam to Berlin, bad blood and resentment developed between them, and the two men haven't seen each other in years. As his memories of their friendship come flooding back, Muir sets about arranging the rescue of his old friend from a Communist jail. 1991: the Cold War is ending. Just days before the US President is to visit China for trade talks, a CIA operative named Bishop is captured in a rogue operation at a Chinese prison. He'll be shot in 24 hours unless the President steps in. CIA honchos hunker down at Langley, controlling the damage to the diplomatic mission by hanging Bishop out to dry. Enter Nathan Muir, one day before retirement from the Agency, the man who recruited and trained Bishop. Can he find a way to get the President to free Bishop; if that fails, can he engineer a rescue? He hangs around Langley, telling stories about Bishop, as he gathers intelligence, looks for opportunities, and runs his own spy game. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in 1991, the film depicts the U.S. and Chinese Governments on the verge of a major trade agreement, with the American President due to pay a visit to China to seal the deal. The Central Intelligence Agency gets word that their Special Activities Division operative Tom Bishop (Brad Pitt) has been captured trying to free an Englishwoman, Elizabeth Hadley (Catherine McCormack), from a Chinese prison near Su Chou (Suzhou). Bishop is being questioned under torture and will be executed within twenty-four hours unless he is claimed by the U.S. Government, so they scramble to decide what to doif they claim Bishop as an agent, they risk destroying the trade agreement. Exacerbating the situation is the fact that Bishop was operating in a "rogue" capacity without permission from the Agency. In an attempt to quickly deal with the situation, CIA executives call in Nathan Muir (Robert Redford), an aging mid-level case officer on his last day before retirement, and the man who recruited Bishop. Although they tell Muir that they simply need him to act as a "stop gap" to fill in some holes in their background files, the officials are in reality hoping that what he gives them is the smoking gun they need to justify letting Bishop die. Realizing as much, Muir attempts to save Bishop by leaking the story to CNN through a contact in Hong Kong, believing that the CIA will rescue Tom once a public outcry puts pressure on them to do so. Unfortunately for Muir, the tactic only stalls them, as a phone call to the FCC from a high ranking executive results in CNN retracting the story. During the debriefing, referred to above, Muir describes how he recruited Bishop into the MACV-SOG while the latter was an Marine Corps sniper in Vietnam. Muir also discusses their tour of duty in Berlin in 1975. Both sub-plots are given extensive time in the film. Considerable time is also devoted to Muir and Bishop's spy work in Lebanon that culminated to a plot similar to that of the 1985 Beirut car bombing the aftermath of which led to the last time the two saw each other face to face. With his plan quashed, Muir resorts to far more dangerous tactics, secretly creating a forged urgent operational directive from the CIA Director to commence Operation Dinner Out: a daring rescue mission spearheaded by U.S. Navy SEALs which Bishop laid the groundwork for as a 'Plan B' to his own rescue attempt. Using US$282,000 of his life savings and a misappropriated file on Chinese coastline satellite imagery, Muir bribes a Chinese energy official to cut power to the prison for thirty minutes, during which time the SEAL rescue team retrieves Bishop and Hadley. Hadley, who fled the UK after carrying out a bombing of the Chinese Embassy, met Bishop in Lebanon. She was in the Chinese prison after being kidnapped and exchanged for an arrested US diplomat. It was in fact Muir himself who had arranged the kidnapping, believing she could possibly expose Bishop's true identity as a CIA paramilitary operative. After realizing that Hadley was the target of Bishop's daring rescue attempt, Muir finally learns that he greatly underestimated Bishop's feelings for her. It is this guilt which prompts him to part with his life savings in order to save her and Bishop, going against his warning to Bishop years previously in Berlin that he would not go after him if he went "off the reservation." Bishop, who is rescued at the end of the film nearly 15 minutes prior to his scheduled execution, realizes Muir was behind his rescue since the name of the plan to rescue him, "Operation Dinner Out," was a reference to a birthday gift that Bishop gave Muir while they were in Lebanon. 
 28 Weeks Later (2007)431) Six months after the rage virus was inflicted on the population of Great Britain, the US Army helps to secure a small area of London for the survivors to repopulate and start again. But not everything goes according to plan. Six challenging months after the horrific events of 28 Days Later... (2002) , when the unstoppable Rage Virus decimated the entire city of London, the U.S. Army has restored order and is repopulating the quarantined city. However, after the first wave of returning refugees, an unsuspecting carrier of the highly transmittable pathogen enters the dead city, and unknowingly re-ignites the spread of the deadly infection. Indeed, the virus is not yet dead, and this time, it is more dangerous than ever. Will the nightmare begin again? Nick Riganas The film starts six months after the Rage virus has spread throughout the city of London. The United States Army has restored order and is repopulating the quarantined city, when a carrier of the Rage virus enters London and unknowingly re-ignites the spread of the deadly infection, wreaking havoc on the entire population. thegiantcookie Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the outbreak of the rage virus in England, Don ( Robert Carlyle ) and his wife, Alice ( Catherine McCormack ) hide in a country house with four other people. Don and Alice are happy that their two children are on a school trip to Spain and thus away from the disaster. They allow a young boy to enter the house but the infected have followed him and break in. The others are killed. Don abandons Alice to save himself. Twenty eight weeks later, the infected have all starved to death. An American-led NATO force has secured parts of London and is now allowing the return of English citizens who had been abroad during the outbreak. Among them are Don and Alice's children, Tammy and Andy ( Imogen Poots and Mackintosh Muggleton ). Everyone lives in the Green Zone, a secured area on the Isle of Dogs, a peninsula on the East End of London. Snipers patrol the rooftops in case of another outbreak. Leaving the Green Zone is forbidden because troops are still cleaning up the corpses that have been rotting for six months. Don manages one of the apartment buildings in the zone. He tells Tammy and Andy that he tried to save their mother but there was no hope. Tammy and Andy decide to sneak out into London and visit their old home to retrieve personal items. There, Andy discovers Alice in the attic, delirious but alive. The NATO soldiers take Alice back to the Green Zone. An Army medical officer, Scarlet ( Rose Byrne ), discovers an old bite wound on her and does a blood test. Alice has the rage virus teeming in her blood but is immune to its effects. However she is a carrier who could infect others with her saliva or blood. The commanding officer, Stone ( Idris Elba ), orders Alice executed even though she could hold the secret to curing the virus. Meanwhile, Don sneaks into where Alice is being kept. Tammy and Andy had bitterly accused him of abandoning her and he wants to explain himself. She tells him she loves him. They kiss tenderly and Don is infected with the virus. Becoming an enraged madman, he crushes Alice's skull and escapes into the Green Zone, killing several soldiers and infecting others. Realizing that Andy and Alice shared a genetic quirk that might make him immune to the virus's effects, Scarlet rescues Tammy and Andy. The Army has moved quickly to contain the infection, herding the residents of the Green Zone into safe rooms. Andy is separated from Tammy and Scarlet and placed in a different room with other residents. However, Don has been hiding in this room and attacks the crowd, spreading the virus. Andy escapes through an air vent. The panicked residents, along with the infected, are allowed onto the streets of the Green Zone. The snipers are told to kill everyone. Scarlet and Tammy make it into a storehouse along with Andy and a few others, including one of the snipers, Doyle (Jeremy Renner), who abandoned his post when he could not bring himself to kill Andy. He tells them that the Army will kill them too unless they can escape the city. He leads the survivors through the streets. Unbeknownst to them, Don is following. Doyle makes contact with a friendly helicopter pilot, Flynn ( Harold Perrineau ), who tells them to get out of the Green Zone as soon as possible, as the area is to be firebombed. They make it into a pedestrian tunnel under the river and barely escape the firestorm. Meanwhile, about fifty other infected survive the firestorm and break through the perimeter of the Green Zone into London. Doyle and his group make it to a park and rest. Scarlet tells him that Tammy and Andy could provide a cure for the rage virus and thus are more important than either Scarlet or Doyle. Flynn radios Doyle to wait for the helicopter in Regents Park. When he arrives, Flynn refuses to take anyone other than Doyle. But when the infected appear, he flies his helicopter into the throng, eviscerating many of them. Doyle and Scarlet take Tammy and Andy into the city. They are to meet Flynn at Wembley Stadium, where he will fly them to safety on the other side of the English Channel. The four of them dodge the infected. Soldiers are killing the infected with poison gas and flamethrowers. Scarlet and Doyle know the Army will assume they are infected and kill them all, too. Scarlet, Tammy and Andy get into a car. Scarlet pops the clutch while Doyle pushes the car, jump starting it. As they drive away, the soldiers incinerate Doyle. Avoiding helicopters, Scarlet drives the car into a subway station. They decide to follow the train tracks to Wembley. Because it is pitch dark, Scarlet uses the night-sight on Doyle's rifle to guide them, but they are separated when Tammy and Andy trip over corpses on the escalator. Tammy and Scarlet try to find Andy but suddenly Don appears and beats Scarlet to death with Doyle's rifle. He then pursues Andy, tackles him and bites him. Tammy shoots Don and saves Andy, who is immune like his mother, but is covered in infected blood. The children continue to Wembley Stadium and meet Flynn. He can't bring himself to shoot two children, so he flies them across the English Channel and out of Britain. No one alive knows that Andy is immune but can still infect others. The Rage virus has now been transported off the British island, out of the natural containment which for 28 weeks has kept the virus from spreading. Cut to 28 days later. Flynn's now-wrecked helicopter is seen, with the radio receiving a message of distress from a man with a French accent. Then a crowd of infected run through a subway tunnel, they emerge into the light, and they run towards the Eiffel Tower. 
 Braveheart (1995)651) Scottish warrior William Wallace leads his countrymen in a rebellion to free his homeland from the tyranny of King Edward I of England. William Wallace is a Scottish rebel who leads an uprising against the cruel English ruler Edward the Longshanks, who wishes to inherit the crown of Scotland for himself. When he was a young boy, William Wallace's father and brother, along with many others, lost their lives trying to free Scotland. Once he loses another of his loved ones, William Wallace begins his long quest to make Scotland free once and for all, along with the assistance of Robert the Bruce. Anonymous Tells the story of the legendary thirteenth century Scottish hero named William Wallace. Wallace rallies the Scottish against the English monarch and Edward I after he suffers a personal tragedy by English soldiers. Wallace gathers a group of amateur warriors that is stronger than any English army. Jwelch5742 Around the end of the 1200s, oppressed by King Edward "Longshanks" who rules England with an iron fist, the noble and charismatic Scot of humble descent, William Wallace, leads a righteous campaign to end tyranny. In this gallant quest for freedom, the gifted strategist and mighty warrior will amass the hordes of the oppressed Scotsmen who thirst to reclaim their independence, however, the road to liberty is always drenched in blood. Nick Riganas In 14th Century Scotland, William Wallace leads his people in a rebellion against the tyranny of the English King, who has given English nobility the 'Prima Nocta' - a right to take all new brides for the first night. The Scots are none too pleased with the brutal English invaders, but they lack leadership to fight back. Wallace creates a legend of himself, with his courageous defense of his people and attacks on the English. Rob Hartill Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1280, King Edward "Longshanks" invades and conquers Scotland following the death of Alexander III of Scotland, who left no heir to the throne. Young William Wallace witnesses Longshanks' treachery, survives the deaths of his father and brother, and is taken abroad on a pilgrimage throughout Europe by his paternal Uncle Argyle, where he is educated. Years later, Longshanks grants his noblemen land and privileges in Scotland, including Prima Nocte. Meanwhile, a grown Wallace returns to Scotland and falls in love with his childhood friend Murron MacClannough, and the two marry in secret. Wallace rescues Murron from being raped by English soldiers, but as she fights off their second attempt, Murron is captured and publicly executed. In retribution, Wallace leads his clan to slaughter the English garrison in his hometown and send the occupying garrison at Lanark back to England. Longshanks orders his son Prince Edward to stop Wallace by any means necessary. Wallace rebels against the English, and as his legend spreads, hundreds of Scots from the surrounding clans join him. Wallace leads his army to victory at the Battle of Stirling Bridge and then destroys the city of York, killing Longshanks' nephew and sending his severed head to the king. Wallace seeks the assistance of Robert the Bruce, the son of nobleman Robert the Elder and a contender for the Scottish crown. Robert is dominated by his father, who wishes to secure the throne for his son by submitting to the English. Worried by the threat of the rebellion, Longshanks sends his son's wife Isabella of France to try to negotiate with Wallace as a distraction for the landing of another invasion force in Scotland. After meeting him in person, Isabella becomes enamored of Wallace. Warned of the coming invasion by Isabella, Wallace implores the Scottish nobility to take immediate action to counter the threat and take back the country. Leading the English army himself, Longshanks confronts the Scots at Falkirk where noblemen Lochlan and Mornay, having been bribed by Longshanks, betray Wallace, causing the Scots to lose the battle. As Wallace charges toward the departing Longshanks on horseback, he is intercepted by one of the king's lancers, who turns out to be Robert the Bruce, but filled with remorse, Bruce gets Wallace to safety before the English can capture him. Wallace kills Lochlan and Mornay for their betrayal, and wages a guerrilla war against the English for the next seven years, assisted by Isabella, with whom he eventually has an affair. Robert sets up a meeting with Wallace in Edinburgh, but Robert's father has conspired with other nobles to capture and hand over Wallace to the English. Learning of his treachery, Robert disowns his father. Isabella exacts revenge on the now terminally ill Longshanks by telling him that his bloodline will be destroyed upon his death as she is now pregnant with Wallace's child. In London, Wallace is brought before an English magistrate, tried for high treason, and condemned to public torture and beheading. Even whilst being hanged, drawn and quartered, Wallace refuses to submit to the king. As cries for mercy come from the watching crowd deeply moved by the Scotsman's valor, the magistrate offers him one final chance, asking him only to utter the word, "Mercy", and be granted a quick death. Wallace instead shouts, "Freedom!", and the judge orders his death. Moments before being decapitated, Wallace sees a vision of Murron in the crowd, smiling at him. In 1314, Robert, now Scotland's king, leads a Scottish army before a ceremonial line of English troops on the fields of Bannockburn, where he is to formally accept English rule. As he begins to ride toward the English, he stops and invokes Wallace's memory, imploring his men to fight with him as they did with Wallace. Robert then leads his army into battle against the stunned English, winning the Scots their freedom. 
 A Sound of Thunder (2005)431) A single mistake in the past, by a time travel company in the future, has devastating and unforeseen consequences. Chicago, 2055. Charles Hatton has made a fortune by founding 'Time safari', which offers rich 'big game hunters' short time travels to kill off dinosaurs just before their natural death. When scientist Travis Ryer notices the weather and wildlife are not behaving as usual, he consults Dr. Sonia Rand, the contractually invisible inventor of the supercomputer which controls time. They soon face 'time waves', each worsening the effects in 2055 of evolutionary distortions, lower lifeforms first. They attempt to identify and rectify the past alteration, but each attempt gets harder in their distorted present. KGF Vissers In 2055, a Chicago company specialized in time travel and owned by the powerful and wealthy Charles Hatton organizes safaris for tycoons in the prehistoric era. The team is leaded by Dr. Travis Ryer and the jump is programmed by a computer. However, when something is changed in the past, the time waves affect the present and Travis and his crew, with the support of the inventor of the computer, Sonia Rand, try to find a way to fix the problem. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 2055, the rich are able to travel back in time and hunt a live dinosaur for a huge price. Sonia Rand has developed a machine that can take people back in time. Charles Hatton has taken this technology and opened a business know as Time Safari. Anyone with the money can travel back millions of years and shoot a dinosaur. Dr. Travis Ryer leads his team together with the big game hunter on a floating walkway to a spot where they can kill the dinosaur. The trip protocol is that they must stay on the walkway and not disturb the land or anything creature around them. Unfortunately for the human race, one hunter steps on and kills a butterfly. This insignificant act starts off major consequences to the earth's climate and creates new species of animal life. The course of evolution as we know it is now being changed by time waves. Travis and Sonia try to stop the changing process before it becomes permanent and man becomes extinct. 