nm0003286:

 Where the Girls Sweat 5 (2001 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Fade to Black (2001 Video)Summaries Curry and Tulip are a naive couple who travel from Oklahoma to LA. They think there's easy money to make in the adult film industry. They soon find life more complicated than they expected. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Fashionistas (2002 Video)211) A famous fashion designer, searching for a hot new "bondage" look, comes across a design house called The Fashionistas. Unbeknownst to him, the firm's owner is determined to seduce him--not only to get him to buy her line, but also because she knows he can get her into the strange world of underground S&M clubs. frankfob2@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. 10 AVN Awards -- This is a very high budget adult film with extensive story/action sequences, exquisite wardrobe, and cutting edge, full length, very hard sex scenes. There are also several full on S&M scenes with very real action. These elements fit together in a dramatic mystery love story that takes our lead character Antonio (Rocco Siffredi), an Italian fashion designer, on a wild sexual ride into the underground S&M scene. His guide is Helena (portrayed by real life dominate, Taylor St.Clair). His phantom obsession is Jesse (Belladonna, a woman with the most incredible sexual abilities I've ever seen). Shot on 35mm film, with the lighting and production elements of a mainstream motion picture, this is by far my most ambitious project. It is a highly charged erotic experience, not intended for the novice porno viewer. 
 Looking in (2003 Video)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 