nm0008369:

 Kisarazu Cats' Eye: Sayonara Game (2006)Summaries Bussan refuses to accept his death and returns to Kisarazu as a ghost to make peace with his friends. Unfortunately his reappearance brings unforeseen consequences. After terminally ill Bussan finally passes away he misses hanging out with his still living friends and decides to return to Kisarazu. In his ghost form however only his most trusted friends can see him, and his meddling in the lives of the living results in the return of Ozzy and a long dead team of American baseball players who drowned off the shores of Kisarazu. It's down to Bussan and the Cats to save the day and restore the town to order, but can Bussan bring himself to say bye-bye once and for all? Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Maiko haaaan!!! (2007)211) Kimihiko Onizuka is a salaryman infatuated with maiko (apprentice geisha) and whose greatest goal in life is to play a party game called "yakyuken" with one. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kimihiko Onizuka (Sadao Abe) is a salaryman infatuated with Maiko (apprentice geisha) and whose greatest goal in life is to play a party game called "yakyuken" with one. Upon being transferred to his company's Kyoto branch, he dumps his coworker girlfriend Fujiko Osawa (Kou Shibasaki) and makes his first ever visit to a geisha house. However, when the realization of Kimihiko's lifelong dream is rudely interrupted by a professional baseball star named Kiichiro Naito (Shinichi Tsutsumi), he vows revenge by becoming a pro baseball player himself. Meanwhile, Fujiko decides to become an apprentice geisha. A success war between Kimihiko and Naito ensues where they try to out-do each other by subsequently becoming professional baseball players, K-1 fighters, chefs, actors and even politicians. 
 Kisarazu Cat's Eye (2002 )Summaries Twenty-one year old former high school baseball player, Kohei (nickname: Bussan), learns that he is dying from cancer. He is told that he only has six months to live, and decides that he wants to do something daring and risky. He proposes to five trusted members from his former baseball club that they form a ring of cat burglars that would steal from those who commit crimes. His friends think it odd,but feel they cannot turn down a dying man's request. With only six months, how much could they do anyway? It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Kanojo ga sono na wo shiranai toritachi (2017)Summaries Tawako's boyfriend is not her kind, but she puts up with it in exchange for shelter. Her old boyfriend of almost a decade ago is long gone, and was also not nice, but like most girls she still reminisces about him and is attracted to his bad ways. Enter Mizushima who reminds Tawako of her old boyfriend, but soon more transpires to remind the girl of her old relationship. aghaemi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 