nm0002478:

 The Silent Mountain (2014)Summaries A young Austrian soldier in World War I fights his way through the Alps to rescue his first love and escape the impending explosion that will rock the mountain. How war affects the people in the spectacular Dolomiti Mountains at the outbreak of WWI between Italy and Austria-Hungary in 1915. Waqar Kaim Khani/PR It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wem Erzhlen (2019)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Flucht (1996)Summaries A man finds himself interrupted in his daily routine - but he can't escape. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 South of Pico (2007)Summaries "South of Pico" is an emotionally charged drama in which four strangers witness an unimaginable tragedy and are catapulted into the defining moment of their lives. Set present day in Los Angeles, a chauffeur, a waitress, a doctor and a young boy each deal with life's daily challenges, only to find themselves at the scene of an accident the moment it happens. Riding on emotional overload, the balance of life rests in their hands. The film explores raw emotion and the human condition with brutal honesty. Filled with moments of joy, anticipation, regret and sorrow, South of Pico will take you on a journey to the core of your own soul. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 