nm0010881:

 Teen Angel (1989 )1 items Jump to: (1) It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Teen Angel is an American teen fantasy serial drama series that aired on the Disney Channel. Starring Jason Priestley. The series was first broadcast on The All New Mickey Mouse Club (MMC) on April 24, 1989. Ended its run on May 22, 1989. Teen Angel was followed by a sequel series, Teen Angel Returns, also starring Priestley and Jennie Garth, which aired from October 2 to October 27, 1989. 
 Sam's Son (1984)321) A loosely-based autobiography of Michael Landon's teenage years as he struggles with his identity and eventually finds success on the school's track team. Michael Landon's semi-autobiographical sketch of his earlier life. It's the story of Gene Orowitz, a high school student struggling with his bed-wetting, who finds success as a distance runner on the track team. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the year 1983, at nighttime, a private jet touches down the runway of an airport in Collingswood, New Jersey. The man coming out of the plane is famed movie director Gene Orman, who is in town to attend the premiere of his latest film, Sam's Son. Before they reach the theater, Gene orders his limo driver to stop in front of the childhood home he grew up in. He gets out and tearfully looks at the house's exterior as the film flashes back to 1953, where we see him as a teenager named Eugene Orowitz, a shy individual struggling with his identity and his parents, sharp-tongued mother Harriet and Sam, the bullied manager of a local movie theater unable to pursue his dreams of becoming a writer. He has a rather disinterested girlfriend, Bonnie, who instantly falls for the new kid in town and resident bully Bob Woods. At the theater, one night, Bob's horseplay disrupt Eugene and Bonnie's viewing of a movie so much that Sam comes over and escorts him out, and when Gene walks Bonnie to her house, Bob and his cronies show up and Bob blames Eugene for getting him kicked out of the theater and challenges him to a fight, which he chickens out. Embarrassed and humiliated, Eugene walks home alone, but is met by his friends, who takes him to a bar to drown his sorrows over the possible breakup of Bonnie. The visit is short-lived when they get into a fight with a brutish patron in the restroom, but they manage to escape before the cops are called. Later, Eugene is at home making a sandwich in the kitchen when an Sam comes in. Eugene emotionally tells Sam that he chickened out to a fight by Bob and unable to defend Bonnie's honor. Sam tells him he knows how Eugene feels because he has a dictator and bully of a boss, Jake Bellow, who berates him in front of all his co-workers, but because he values his job, he has no choice but to take it. To change his image, he starts private classes with Coach Sutter with javelin throwing. Sutter gets more and more impressed with him that he signs Eugene up for local track meets and lights up the attention of fellow schoolmate Cathy Stanton. One night, Gene sits through a double screening of Samson and Delilah and when leaving, he notices the film's poster outside the theater. Eugene believes he should start growing his hair long to not lose his strength and confidence. The next day, Cathy, feeling Eugene's grades are starting to slip, meets up with him and offers to help tutor him. At this time, Eugene's hair is growing longer and it does not sit well with his unsympathetic school principal, Mr. Collins, who orders to get his hair cut or be barred from future track meets. That night, an angry Harriet, after receiving a phone call from Collins, goes off on Eugene and thinks he is crazy for letting his hair grow, but Sam manages to understand where his son is coming from when he notices Eugene carrying two heavy trash cans over his shoulder for that night's garbage collecting. The next day, Sam takes Eugene to see his brother, Joe, a famous physician. Sam agrees to help him as long as he keeps it a secret from everybody, including Harriet and Cathy. They come home, much to Harriet's horrors, to see Eugene's head wrapped in bandages to cover up the long hair, but he tells her he is fine and goes to change for practice. As a way to celebrate his winning of a recent track meet, Eugene takes Cathy to the local drive-in restaurant. As they leave, they get into a fender-bender with Bob and Bonnie in the car behind them. Bob once again challenges Eugene to a fight, and Eugene clocks Bob with only one punch, sending him to the ground. Shocked, but amazed, Eugene and Cathy happily leave, as Bob struggles to get up. This gives Bonnie a chance, the next day, to try and get back together with Eugene, but he turns her down saying she already had her chance. Later, Eugene meets up with Sam at the theater and tells him about a possible scholarship to USC if he wins the track meet Saturday. This causes Sam to stand up to Bellow, who allows him to take no more than two hours off from work to see his son perform, but Cathy also worries about her relationship with Eugene if he gets the scholarship, but the two make a pact to stay close forever. Sam is also worried about the situation, too, but tells Eugene he loves him very much, either way. The next day, at the track meet, they wait anxiously for Sam to show up, but he is forced to load cans of film prints to the theater when a delivery truck breaks down, nearby. Unfortunately, the heavy lifting becomes too much for Sam to handle and collapses with a heart attack. A patrolman shows up on the field to give Eugene and Cathy the bad news. Distraught, Eugene walks over and takes off the bandages, revealing a huge head of hair. He grabs the javelin, runs and throws it clear across the field. Eugene and Cathy race to the hospital where they meet a devastated Harriet outside Sam's room. She fears that she and Eugene will not make it on their own and Eugene agrees to go in to talk to Sam. The doctor tells Eugene they got rid of the pain for Sam, but him receiving a new heart is not very hopeful, due to the limited money and technology. Eugene tearfully tells Sam the good news about the scholarship and Sam tells Eugene to look at a script he has been working on for the last few months, but before Eugene asks what it is about, the life support system flat-lines and Eugene rushes to get help. The film flashes back to the present time where Gene's friend Cy is talking on the limo's phone to Gene's assistant, explaining the delay. Cy gets out and tells Gene they have to rush to the theater before the show starts. When they arrive, they are greeted by a vast amount of fans and Cathy, who tells him Harriet is in the lobby signing autographs. The two are then met by an older and somewhat friendlier Bellow, who is honored to have Gene at the theater. Waiting years to pay him back for constantly berating his father, Gene tells Bellow that some of the marquee lights are out and tells him to fix them himself, which Bellow agrees to. As Gene and Cathy walk inside, Bellow looks up at the theater's marquee saying the title of the movie, which he gives a sarcastic reaction. 
 LBJ: The Early Years (1987 TV Movie)Summaries This made-for-TV film chronicles the years 1934 through 1963, tracing the beginnings of Johnson's public career, chronicling his reputation for down-and-dirty politicking, and following his progress. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Return of the Killer Tomatoes! (1988)Summaries Crazy old Professor Gangreen has developed a way to make tomatoes look human for a second invasion. Mad scientist Professor Gangreen is cooking up the second coming of the Great Tomato Uprising, in which music converted tomatoes into human form to war against mankind. Pizza delivery man Chad Finletter must save the world and beautiful tomato-girl Tara. <rth@ece.arizona.edu> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 