nm0000924:

 The Curse of the Jade Scorpion (2001)44) An insurance investigator and an efficency expert who hate each other are both hypnotized by a crooked hypnotist with a jade scorpion into stealing jewels. CW Briggs is a veteran insurance investigator, with many successes. Betty Ann Fitzgerald is a new employee in the company he works for, with the task of reorganizing the office. They don't like each other - or at least that's what they think. During a night out with the rest of the office employees, they go to watch Voltan, a magician who secretly hypnotizes both of them, in order to use them for his dirty schemes. The next evening already, Briggs makes his first robbery, and when he wakes up in the morning he has no memory of it. Things get really complicated when he starts investigating the case. Will he be able to uncover... himself? Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> 1940, New York City. CW Briggs and Betty Ann Fitzgerald, a sixteen year investigator and a six month efficiency expert at North Coast Fidelity & Casualty Company respectively, have hated each other ever since she started working for the company, they often butting heads. CW is considered the best in the business with a highly successful track record, he primarily using his gut instinct and a small pool of loyal but somewhat shady street snitches to solve cases. Betty Ann, a recent Vassar graduate, is all logic, her measures to improve the efficiency of the office clashing with his way of working. Betty Ann was hired by Magruder Jr. - Chris - after the retirement of Magruder Sr. as head of the firm, the hiring of anyone in that position for which CW just does not understand the need. The need is that Chris and Betty Ann are secretly having an affair, he promising to leave his wife to marry her. The situation between CW and Betty Ann gets even more antagonistic when Betty Ann implements a trial project in light of two robberies of North Coast clients: contract out the investigation to a private investigation company, the company in question being Coopersmith run by the Coopersmith brothers. With no scuttlebutt on the streets as to who committed the robberies, CW, trusting his gut, ultimately believes that Betty Ann may have had something to do with them, based on her suspicious behavior, such as supposedly working late nights day after day (in reality those being her trysts with Chris). Conversely, the Coopersmiths uncover some evidence which leads them and thus Betty Ann to believe that CW is the culprit. However, something deep inside her makes her look beyond the logic to think CW incapable of committing such acts. As CW and Betty Ann go through one phase after another of believing then not believing the other, they, to discover the truth, will have to look to the night of an office party at a nightclub when they were called to assist Voltan, the stage act, who placed a post-hypnotic suggestion on both of them... But to discover the truth, one or both may have to elude the police. Huggo CW Briggs is the top insurance investigator in 1940s New York. Well, that's what he keeps telling the top efficiency expert, Betty Ann "Fitz" Fitzgerald. Briggs prides himself on being able to crack any insurance caper by getting into the mind of the thief, but the hypnotic powers of the Jade Scorpion gets the mind of the thief into Briggs... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Any Given Sunday (1999)651) A behind-the-scenes look at the life-and-death struggles of modern-day gladiators and those who lead them. When a devastating hit knocks a professional football legend and quarterback Cap Rooney out of the game, a young, unknown third-stringer is called in to replace him. Having ridden the bench for years because of a string of bad luck stories and perhaps insufficient character, Willie Beaman seizes what may be his last chance, and lights up the field with a raw display of athletic prowess. His stunning performance over several games is so outstanding and fresh it seems to augur a new era in the history of this Miami franchise, and forces aging coach Tony D'Amato to reevaluate his time-tested values and strategies and begin to confront the fact that the game, as well as post-modern life may be passing him by. Adding to the pressure on D'Amato to win at any cost is the aggressive young President/Co-owner of the team, Christina Pagniacci, now coming into her own after her father's death. Christina's driving desire to prove herself in a male dominated world is intensified by her focus on the marketing and business of football, in which all coaches and players are merely properties. Anonymous Four years ago, the Miami Sharks won the Pantheon Cup. This year, they are at best a middling team on a three game losing streak. With a 7-5 record with four games left in the season, they are still in the hunt for a playoff spot. That playoff spot becomes more difficult to achieve as in the fourth to last game, it against the Minnesota Americans, their top two quarterbacks are injured - including veteran first stringer Cap Rooney - leaving the QB duties for the rest of the season to third string Willie Beamen, who may be more emotionally and experientially ill-prepared for the role than he is technically. That inexperience and immaturity manifest themselves in acts of showboating on the field, leading to issues between him, the other players, and thirty year head coach, Tony D'Amato, who wants to see some discipline on the field. Tony already faces problems off the field with new owner/general manager, Christina Pagniacci, the only female owner in the league. She inherited the team from her father Art Pagniacci after his passing. While Tony and Art had a gentlemen's agreement type of relationship, Christina, who grew up calling Tony "Uncle Tony", isn't afraid to flex her muscles to make the team a success, she seeing the team's coaching future in the younger offensive coordinator, Nick Crozier. Her ultimate goal is to move the team to the larger market of Los Angeles, timely in her issues with how little she has seen Miami Mayor Tyrone Smalls put into maintaining the aging stadium or that there has been no talk about replacing it. The team, however, has to be a success for her to have the money to do so. Back on the field, Cap, who believes he will be healthy enough to play in the playoffs, comes to the realization that if Willie got them to the playoffs, he may be the favored starter in the playoffs, especially seeing to Cap's time off and age. Cap's health issue is minor compared to that of linebacker Luther Lavay, which highlights the differences between the team's doctors, Harvey Mandrake and Ollie Powers who sit on opposite sides of the player welfare versus overall team success at all cost debate. Huggo A star quarterback gets knocked out of the game and an unknown third stringer is called in to replace him. The unknown gives a stunning performance and forces the aging coach to reevaluate his game plans and life. A new co-owner/president adds to the pressure of winning. The new owner must prove her self in a male dominated world. MVBD26 <mvbd26@hotmail.com> An aging football coach finds himself struggling with his personal and professional life while trying to hold his team together. A star quarterback has been knocked out of the game and a naive football player replaces him only to become exposed to the world of sports and become a danger to himself and to his players. Meanwhile, the coach finds himself constantly at battle with the team owner's money and power hungry daughter intent on moving the team out. Mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Miami Sharks, a once-great American football team, are now in turmoil and struggling to make the AFFA (Associated Football Franchises of America) playoffs in the year of 2001. They are coached by Tony D'Amato who is a thirty year veteran. During the first game shown, which is the thirteenth game of the season, both the starting quarterback Jack "Cap" Rooney (Dennis Quaid) and the second-string quarterback Tyler Cherubini are injured and forced to leave the game due to poor offensive line play in blitz pickup. (This leads to a recurring theme that "on any given Sunday, anything can happen.") The ailing and increasingly desperate Sharks are forced to call upon third-string quarterback and former seventh-round draft pick Willie Beamen (Jamie Foxx). Beamen is visibly nervous and makes a number of errors illustrating his lack of knowledge regarding the team's playbook. During one play he lines up under the guard instead of the center, and he later in the game he audibles to a play which does not exist. He throws up in the huddle, which begins a ritual that he follows every game, reminiscent of Hall of Fame Buffalo Bills quarterback Jim Kelly. While the Sharks lose this game by a small margin, Beamen plays well and gains confidence. During the next game Beamen begins to get comfortable with the game and quickly learns the offense. However, he dislikes the Sharks' conservative offense and much to the dismay of both Coach Tony D'Amato (Al Pacino). Beaman begins to change the plays in the huddle, not realizing the disrespect this shows to his coaches. Beamen displays his raw athletic talent and starts to run and pass extremely successfully and leads the sharks to the playoffs after winning the last three of the last four games of the season, bringing the Sharks to 9-7 on the year. Beaman's new found success results in a growing narcissism and arrogance. He becomes "Steamin'" Willie Beamen, the new poster boy for the AFFA, and receives numerous lucrative advertisement deals, including a music video. His new-found success, and inability to handle it, leads to tension within the Sharks locker room and the front office. D'Amato confronts Beamen to ask why he has been changing the plays, to which Beaman responds selfishly. After displaying to D'Amato that Beamen is not capable of leading the team, D'Amato tells Beamen that it is likely that 'Cap' Rooney will probably be fit and available for the playoffs, demoting Beamen back to the bench. Beaman fails to understand the team concept as he is filled with self-pity about how his career has been until he got a chance to play. A rift forms between Beaman and D'Amato after D'Amato tells him just how far he still has to go to fulfill his potential and lead the team. After learning of his demotion he alienates the rest of the team, to the point that he gets his car sawed in half at a party, and the Sharks are blown out at home in a game that could have given the Sharks home field advantage in the playoffs. Beaman contemplates and amends his selfish behavior. In the final game, Miami manages a come-from-behind win in the final seconds against the Dallas Knights, winning the first round of the playoffs. The final game sees Cap return to start as quarterback and he plays strongly until being injured by a hit. His replacement, Beaman, apologizes for his actions to the team in the huddle on the game-winning drive. Off-screen, Miami beats Minnesota for their conference championship and then loses to San Francisco in the Pantheon Cup Championship 32-13 (reminiscent of Super Bowl XIX). At D'Amato's final press conference as head coach, all feuds have been resolved or at least put on hold and he leaves on a positive note, being thanked by owner Christina Pagniacci (Cameron Diaz) and the media for his contributions to the team. D'Amato is then expected to announce his retirement, but then drops a bombshell and announces that he has been hired as Head Coach and General Manager of the expansion team Albuquerque Aztecs. He adds that he signed Willie Beamen as his starting quarterback and franchise player, after the Sharks refused to extend Beamen's expiring contract mid-season. As the scene ends, Christina and the other executives are angrily asking Crozier how he could have let Beamen finish the season without re-signing him to a longer contract for the Sharks. Despite the initial hysteria among the media and owners, the general consensus is that this is the best solution because D'Amato and Crozier (backed by Christina) cannot co-exist. This would also possibly allow Cap Rooney to remain Miami's starting quarterback for the next season and retire on his own terms, instead of risking being demoted to backup. 
 Showgirls (1995)541) Nomi, a young drifter, arrives in Las Vegas to become a dancer and soon sets about clawing and pushing her way to become the top of the Vegas showgirls. All alone in the world, Nomi Malone, making her way to Las Vegas, is determined to make a name as a dancer while putting her unspoken past behind her. Her tough, streetwise veneer is not as infallible as she would like, she, as she arrives in Vegas, becoming more cautious in the way she approaches strangers who seem willing to help her purely out of the goodness of their heart. Her talent and connections in combination are only able to get her a job at the Cheetah Club, a strip joint. Her first true friend in Vegas, Molly Abrams, works as the costumer for Goddess, the topless production at the Stardust. It is through Molly that Nomi catches the eye of Goddess' headliner, Cristal Connors. Nomi has a love/hate feeling toward Cristal: she doesn't much like her but wants to become her. Being at the Stardust, Nomi also catches the eye of Cristal's boyfriend, Zack Carey, Stardust's entertainment director. Through these contacts, Nomi is presented opportunity after opportunity to be part of the Stardust/Goddess family. She has to decide how far she will go to achieve her dream. James Smith, a struggling dancer/choreographer who works whatever odd jobs he can get and who is also attracted to Nomi largely for her natural albeit very raw talent, doesn't see Nomi's chosen path as the one she should pursue as he considers Goddess illegitimate: while the Cheetah is what it appears on the surface, Goddess is the Cheetah hiding behind its big name. Through it all, Nomi will discover the good, the bad and the very bad about Vegas life, especially among the rich and beautiful. Huggo Vegas, baby. Where the dreams and desires to make it big are as sharp as a stiletto heel. Enter Nomi, a girl with the looks and drive to devour the glitz and glamour whole. When she catches the eye of Cristal, the main attraction at the Stardust stage show, Nomi is on the brink of realizing her dreams. But as she quickly and bumps and grinds her way to the top, Nomi realizes that there is only room for one starlet on the marquee... and that either she or Cristal will have to take a fall! Anonymous Nomi Malone travel to Las Vages to become an exotic dancer- a showgirl. She is doing very well at the beginning, and striding step by step towards the top of the stripper's clubs in Las Vegas. But when she meets a new lead showgirl, named Cristal Conners and they have to work and show together, the competition between those two best showgirls begin. Enthralled by the glamorous life of Las Vegas, Nomi Malone is prepared to do everything to be the leading showgirl, also if some very dirty steps must be taken from her side. rsilberman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young woman is hitchiking from what appears to be a truck stop; snow capped mountains are seen in the distance which sets it either in Colorado or an upstate U.S. state. A pickup truck pulls over for her, driven by a man who looks like a shady character. The young woman is unsure about whether she should accept the ride, but gets in cautiously when the man tells her he's going to Vegas. She tells him her name is Nomi Malone ( Elizabeth Berkley ) and that she's going to Vegas to dance. When the man tries to hit on her, Nomi pulls out a switchblade. After the man freaks out and almost causes a collision with a tractor trailer, Nomi agrees to put the knife away. Once they get to Las Vegas, the man takes Nomi to a casino under the pretense of getting her a job; he convinces Nomi to leave her suitcase inside the truck. Inside the casino, he leaves her with ten dollars at a slot machine, then disappears; by the time Nomi realizes what has happened, she returns to the parking lot to find his truck gone, the man having abandoned her and stolen her suitcase. As Nomi is crying and banging her fists on the side of a nearby car, the car's owner, Molly ( Gina Ravera ), a seamstress, confronts her. The impulsive Nomi dashes out into traffic, but Molly pulls her back just in time. After talking and discovering Nomi does not have any family or place to go, Molly takes her into her trailer park home. Two months later. Nomi gets a job as a stripper at the sleazy Cheetah's Topless Club which is managed and run by the sleazy Al Torres ( Robert Davi ) who also appears as the club's MC. Nomi considers herself a dancer, and she apparently sees that the Cheetah is a place where she can do this and still make a living. While out dancing for fun at a nightclub called The Crave Club, Nomi meets a bouncer named James Smith ( Glenn Plummer ). James admires her dancing and Nomi is flattered until he dares to criticize what she's doing. In retaliation, Nomi kicks him between the legs and he falls into another patron, sparking a brawl. Nomi delights in what she's done, smiling to herself as all the men begin to throw punches, until someone recognizes her as the instigator and she's taken to jail. James bails her out the next morning, but Nomi still will not forgive him for his comments. One night Nomi accompanies Molly backstage at Goddess, the topless Vegas show at the Stardust Hotel where Molly works as the costume seamstress. Since it is Nomi's dream to be a showgirl, she is thrilled to watch the show and see the backstage area. Molly introduces her to Cristal Connors ( Gina Gershon ), the diva-like star of the show. Molly tells Cristal that Nomi is a dancer as well, but when Nomi tells her she dances at the Cheetah, Cristal derisively tells Nomi that what she does is akin to prostitution. Nomi becomes furious, and her reaction intrigues Cristal, who is bisexual and apparently attracted to Nomi. The next evening, Cristal and her cocaine-snorting boyfriend Zach Carey ( Kyle MacLachlan ), the entertainment director at the Stardust, visit the Cheetah and pay Nomi $500 for a lap dance. Nomi does not want to do the private dance, for fear it will prove her to be the prostitute Cristal made her out to be, but is forced to do so by Torres, much to her embarrassment. James, who lurks in the Cheetah and sees Nomi performing her private dance with Zack and Cristal, confronts Nomi at her home the next day. He feels that Nomi has too much talent to be performing as a stripper, not to mention that he, too, considers it to be something similar to prostitution. Nomi angrily rebuffs him once more. A few days later, Nomi discovers that Cristal has arranged for her to have an audition as an ensemble dancer in Goddess. At the audition, the callous director of Goddess, Tony Moss ( Alan Rachins ), refers to Nomi as "Pollyanna" because of her outfit. Nomi dashes backstage, removes her blouse and dances in her underwear, but she notices Cristal watching silently from the darkened theater. When Nomi is told by Moss to use ice to make her nipples hard for the second part of the audition, she gets upset and leaves. Cristal approaches her as she cries backstage, and Nomi tells Cristal that she hates her. Leaving the Stardust upset, Nomi finds James working as a bellhop and he takes her back to his apartment. They have an intimate moment as James demonstrates a dance number that he conceived in honor of Nomi and her career as a private dancer. Despite the audition, Nomi gets the job and immediately quits the Cheetah and mouths off to Al Torres one final time. She excitedly rushes over to tell James about her new job, but she finds him having an intimate moment with another woman; ironically the woman is Penny ( Rena Riffel ), one of her former co-dancers at the Cheetah. Meeting with the producers of Goddess, Nomi wears a brand new dress she bought at Versace. Here, Nomi inadvertently reveals her uneducated upbringing when she mispronounces her Versace dress design as "Vur-SAYSS" in front of everyone. Nobody corrects her on it except Zach, who tells her she looks beautiful and has great taste. Nomi makes her debut the next night at the Goddess show, and she gets many compliments from the cast members and stagehands alike for her talent at her dance moves. Afterwords, Cristal calls a truce and takes Nomi out for lunch at a fancy restaurant. While talking, they discover they have similar backgrounds; both have had troubled and unhappy childhoods and left home at a young age to make something of themselves. Cristal, however, calls Nomi a whore again, which Nomi angrily denies. The way Cristal sees it, they are all whores because they exchange sexual titillation for cash. Cristal also acknowledges that she is attracted to Nomi, as well as "plays for both teams", but Nomi does not consider herself bisexual. Nevertheless, she allows Cristal to engage her in an erotic dance when they are alone in the theater at the Stardust, allowing Cristal to pull down her top and caress her bare breasts. As she leans in for a kiss, Cristal sneers at Nomi and says: "See, darlin? You ARE a whore." Nomi storms out again in a fury. From this point on, the two are rivals once more. Cristal repeatedly takes malicious swipes at Nomi on and off stage in a never-ending attempt to portray Nomi as a cheap whore, including sending Nomi on a promotional appearance with Zach's assistant, Phil Newkirk ( Greg Travis ). Cristal knows from experience that Nomi will be approached to have sex for cash. Nomi furiously rejects Phil's proposition and she mistakenly thinks she has an ally in Zach, who pretends to bawl Phil out over the incident. One night, Nomi agrees to a car ride from Zach, and they end up at his large estate outside of the city. Nomi seduces Zach, and they have sex in his swimming pool. As Nomi leaves the next morning, Zack mentions that there is an audition for Cristal's understudy. (Earlier, a rivalry between two other showgirls has led to an onstage sabotage incident, where one of the rivals breaks her knee after the other dancer trips her on stage during a show.) Zach tells Nomi she should try out for the position. At the audition, Cristal senses a shift in the tide; Zach suggests Nomi as Cristal's understudy, and the choreographer agrees that Nomi has what it takes. Tony Moss disagrees but makes a remark about Cristal's age. Cristal also finds out that Zach slept with Nomi, and Zach gloats over it. When Nomi gets the position as understudy, Cristal is furious, and Nomi feels she finally has the upper hand. As a result, Cristal threatens to leave the show and sue the producers, so they feel they cannot do anything but reverse their decision. Nomi is, of course, furious; her clumsy grab for power has alienated most of the other dancers, and now Cristal seems to be in control. Nomi goes to see James perform his dance and music number at the Crave Club, where he and his co-dancers are booed off the stage. James takes the bad experience it fairly well, telling Nomi that he is giving up dancing to work in a grocery store now that his girlfriend, Penny, is now pregnant. Nomi bids him farewell. During the performance of Goddess that night, Cristal taunts on-stage Nomi about her disappointment. As the dancers leave the stage, Nomi impulsively pushes Cristal down a flight of stairs which leads to the dressing rooms, injuring her badly and sending her to the hospital. Molly knows Nomi pushed Cristal, but another dancer (the same one who injured the rival dancer earlier and whom Nomi covered for) backs up Nomi's story that it really was an accident and pretends that she saw the whole thing. With Cristal unable to perform, Nomi ends up getting Cristal's lead in the show, where she makes a dazzling debut and is suddenly the talk of the town. Molly has deduced that Nomi has actually pushed Cristal down, and confronts her with the truth. Molly storms out of the place, so Nomi tries to make amends: she includes her in the guest list of the premiere party. Things seem to be going well for Nomi; she has finally secured the fame and fortune she initially sought. However, at the opening night party, Molly is brutally raped and beaten by famous musician Andrew Carver ( William Shockley ) and his two security guards. Molly is taken to the hospital to treat her injuries. Zach tells Nomi that they will give Molly some money to keep her quiet; their primary interest is in protecting their high-profile celebrity client, not in seeking justice for Molly. When Nomi decides to make an anonymous phone call to the police, Zach then confronts her with the truth he has just discovered when he addresses Nomi as "Polly". Apparently, Zach made a background check on Nomi and became suspicious after learning that some of her references were false. After Zach also learned about Nomi's arrest several weeks earlier at the Crave Club, he acquired her fingerprints from her arrest and has a police file containing the truth: Nomi is actually a runaway and former prostitute named Polly Ann Costello from San Francisco. Back in 1989 at age 15, Polly's father murdered her mother and then killed himself in a drunken rage. Polly then ran away from a foster home in nearby Oakland the following year, and has drifted around the country ever since. She changed her name several times and has been arrested several times in several states for an assortment of crimes ranging from drug possession, to prostitution, and assault with a deadly weapon. Finally confronted with her seedy past being made public, and frightened at the selfish and greedy person she has become and what lies ahead, Nomi decides to flee Las Vegas, but not before she pays a visit to Andrew Carver. Because Carver has made propositions to her from the moment he met her, Nomi has no problem inviting herself up to his hotel room. Once they are alone, she strips for him, but then pulls out a switchblade and swears that she will kill him if he makes a sound. She then proceeds to kick him repeatedly with her boots until he is bloodied and unconscious. Nomi then slips out of the room and away from his bodyguards. Later, Nomi arrives at the hospital and bids goodbye to a semi-conscious Molly, informing her that she obtained some kind of vengeance for her by beating Andrew Carver up. Nomi also visits the hospital room of Cristal, who doesn't seem particularly bitter about Nomi's stunt that she pulled, as she has been granted a huge indemnity sum by her lawyers. Cristal tells Nomi that she, too, got ahead by similar means. "There's always someone younger and hungrier than you coming down the stairs behind you," Cristal says. Nomi says goodbye, but grants Cristal a passionate kiss before she leaves. The movie comes full circle when Nomi coincidentally hitches a ride to Los Angeles with the very same guy who robbed her in the beginning, and attacks him for what he did to her, and both drive in the direction of L.A. 
 The First Wives Club (1996)44) Reunited by the death of a college friend, three divorced women seek revenge on the husbands who left them for younger women. After years of helping their hubbies climb the ladder of success, three wives have been dumped for newer, curvier models. But the trio is determined to turn their pain into gain. They come up with a cleverly devious plan to hit their exes where it really hurts, in the wallet. Sit back and watch the sparks fly as The Wives get mad, get even, and get it all. Justice has seldom been so sweet. Or so much fun. Reunited after nearly three long decades at their friend's funeral, the once-close-knit team of college friends--the Oscar-winning actress, Elise; the mouthy, Brenda, and the quiet housewife, Annie--realise that they have much more in common than their age. Betrayed and divorced by their treasonous husbands for trophy mistresses, the wronged women finally summon up the courage to take matters into their own hands, to avenge themselves, and give them a dose of their own medicine. Now, the exes are hell-bent on getting even. Do their former men stand a chance against the First-Wives Club? Nick Riganas Now in middle age, Elise Eliot, Brenda Cushman ne Morelli, Annie Paradis ne MacDuggan, and Cynthia Griffin ne Swann were the closest of friends in college twenty-five years ago, but they drifted apart after college in their differences. Elise is a youth obsessed famous actress. Brenda is brash and straight talking. Annie is a doormat of a woman who has never taken a decisive action in her life. And Cynthia is the proverbial glue in guiding the other three. Elise, Brenda and Annie are reunited at Cynthia's funeral, she who committed suicide upon the marriage of her ex-husband Gil Griffin to who was his much younger mistress. In reuniting, the three women come to various degrees of realization that they are much like each other and much like Cynthia: each is at a different stage of her marriage dissolving - Brenda and her discount retail mogul husband Morty Cushman have already divorced, Elise and her movie producer husband Bill Atchison are in the middle of a contentious divorce with Bill requesting alimony, and Annie and her husband Aaron Paradis, a partner in a successful ad firm, are separated, although Annie goes running back to Aaron for sex anytime he asks in her anticipation that they will get back together - and that each wife was the catalyst for her respective husband's financial success. But it isn't until each woman receives a final letter of that guidance from Cynthia and that they all finally discover that there is a younger woman now in her husband's life that the three, with the help of supporters, decide to join forces to get revenge on their husbands. The questions become if they can find a way to get back at each of the three where it will really hurt them, and if they themselves can overcome their own differences to accomplish this goal. Huggo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 