nm0009986:

 Evolution (2001)431) A fire-fighting cadet, two college professors, and a geeky but sexy government scientist work against an alien organism that has been rapidly evolving since its arrival on Earth inside a meteor. When a meteorite falls to Earth two college professors, Dr. Ira Kane and Prof. Harry Phineas Block, are assigned the job of checking the site out. At the site, they discover organisms not of this planet. Soon the site is taken over by the government, forcing Ira and Harry to the side. As the new life-forms begin to evolve and start to get more and more dangerous, it's up to the two professors to save the planet. FilmFanUK Glen Canyon, Arizona, the present day. Wayne, practising at night in the desert for his upcoming fireman's exam, witnesses the impact of a meteorite. The next day, biology teacher Dr. Ira Kane and geology teacher Harry Block from Glen Canyon Community College manage to get to the meteorite, which is stuck in the ground at the bottom of a cave. By taking a sample, they discover a slimy blue fluid coming out of the meteorite. A little later, Ira Kane finds out that myriads of single-celled life-forms dwell in the fluid, evolve at an incredible rate, even while he's watching. What first seems like a sure ticket to Sweden for the Nobel Prize soon develops into a nightmare: By evolving and adapting at that unbelievably fast rate, the Aliens start spreading out, and the Military comes in. Now it all comes down to what Darwin so rightfully stated: Survival of the fittest. And no good idea in sight... Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A meteor falls to Earth. At the same moment, a young man called Wayne Grey (Seann William Scott) is pretending that his mother has burned the house down because of falling sleep while smoking in bed. The mother is a dummy. He sees the meteor fall and runs away, runs because the meteor fell right over his car, leaving a huge crater. Cut to GLEN CANYON COMMINUTY COLLEGE, in the morning Dr Ira Kane (David Duchovny) is a professor who has just given almost all his students an A in their biology papers. Two overweight boys - siblings Deke and Danny Donald (Ethan Suplee and Michael Ray Bower) were the only ones who got a minus, because they confused the topic of their papers, talking about their uncle living in a "cell" instead of writing a paper about "cells" as in the cells which make up human bodies. Professor of Geology Harry Phineas Block (Orlando Jones) checks a female student, Nadine's (Katharine Towne) examination and wonders whether she should try a different job (she wants to be a nurse), one where other people's lives are not dependent on her skills. She wants to be Miss Arizona, but her pageant consultant says that nursing studies would impress judges. Ira interrupts him to go to lunch. They both go to check the meteor. Harry belongs to the USGS (USA's geological service), so he can check the meteor. Harry presents Ira as his secretary to Sheriff Long (Michael Chapman). Wayne Grey says that he was practicing for his fire-brigade entrance examination in the middle of the night. The hole made by the meteor looks like a cave, and the police officers are fooling around it and taking pictures of one another. Officer Sam Johnson (Pat Kilbane) asks Harry what he's doing there. Harry gives attitude, but Ira gets straight to the point, saying that they need to take some samples. Officer Johnson says that the police already have all the photographic evidence they need. The meteor is still hot. When they hit it with an axe, it kind of bleeds. Later Ira analyzes a sample of the goo under a microscope and he sees cells multiplying like crazy until they break the thin layers of glass in which they were put. Harry is the volleyball coach as well. Ira runs to tell Harry about the ten base pairs DNA he's just found. Harry and Ira are already talking about the Nobel Prize. Suddenly, there is not a unicellular organism, but a multi-cellular organism. To explain it, Ira immediately comes up with the explanation that the cells are evolving. Wayne Grey fails his fire brigade exam because he's sleeping, he hits himself in his privates with the hose pipe. He can take the exam again in six months. Harry and Ira take their classes to see the meteor. There, there is a bad smelling vapour around everywhere, and mushroom-like yellowy things have sprouted out from the floor of the cave. Nadine complains of feeling something on her toes. Under the mist, there are millions of slimy flatworms. Ira picks one up and it dies when he lifts it up: he thinks that oxygen killed it. Ira puts one in a specimen jar, and it splits over and over again. Ira wants to keep everything secret, because the government will take things from them. Ira seems to know a lot about how the government works. Wayne Grey is the pool manager at a country club (one of his many jobs), and he's told off about a damp towel by Barry Cartwright (Gregory Itzin). He goes to get some cleaning stuff, and he finds loads of slimy worms on the floor - he stumps on some of them - and wonders at what is inside a kind of container with water - a kind of fish with sharp teeth and bad-ass attitude. He leaves the storeroom. Harry has analyzed the samples and found three different subspecies, the worms are evolving really quickly. They again visit the crash site, but the military are already there. The guard at the gate (Timothy R. Layton) won't let them pass, he enquires about them. Another soldier tries to shoot Ira. They are let in eventually. There, they meet General Russell Woodman (Ted Levine), Ira's ex-boss, who says that they have been monitoring Ira's computer, and Allison Reed (Julianne Moore), a clumsy scientist who trips on the step and falls down. Harry and Ira see her underwear and make comments about her garter belt. The Army is going to lead the investigation. Ira and Harry have to leave, and Ira moons. Two weeks later Ira goes to court to be allowed to be part of the federal investigation. Judge Guilder (Steven Gilborn) gets annoyed when Woodman says that Glen Canyon Community College facilities are a joke. Allison questions Ira as a witness. He was dismissed because he gave an experimental anthrax vaccine to soldiers with horrible consequences. They have no chance of winning. When they return to their lab, all the samples and their computer have been stolen in a break-in. They get angry so they decide to break in the military facilities, Ira dressed as a colonel and Harry as a soldier. Inside the facility, they see a large flying mosquito. Lt. Cryer wonders who these two people are - one of them is kinda dancing in the lift. Inside the cave, there is an Alice-in-Wonderland kind of rain forest, with all kinds of weird creatures. Cryer tells Reed of the unauthorized walk through. Colonel Flemming (Ty Burrell) smiles at Harry's sexual comments. A fly has entered Harry's suit. They try to kill it, but it's in his leg. Immediately taken to hospital, Dr. Paulson (Wayne Duvall) removes the bug via Harry's rectum, while nurse Tate (Wendy Braun), Ira and Allison cheer him. When they take the bug out and it breathes oxygen, it dies. Wayne Grey is now a waiter at a country club party and still pissed off about his failure in the fire-fighting exam. Cartwright sets a date with a pretty lady at a lonely location at the golf course and a kind of alligator eats him. Wayne isn't sorry at all. Wayne takes the late alligator to Ira and Harry, just out from hospital. It just died choking because of the oxygen in the air. At a meeting of ladies, at Jill Mason's home (Stephanie Hodge), Patty (Kristen Meadows) finds many dead bugs. Something is pushing a locked door, and Jill makes Grace (Miriam Flynn) open the door. A huge frog-like thing appears. It looks sad and meek. Grace wants to pet it, but alien-like inner mandibles spring out and bite her hand. The ladies panic and Debbi (Winifred Freedman) tries to call 911, while Jill tries to shoot the animal. However, it chokes to death and deflates. Ira talks to Allison, saying that they're spreading and adapting. Harry, Wayne and Ira talk over breakfast about the alien. Ira asks Denise (Sarah Silverman), his ex-girlfriend, for some cream. She's with Officer Sam Johnson at that moment. Ira reclaims his shirt - which Denise is wearing - so she offers to take it off right there. Sam avoids it, but has to run to work, because he's been called. The three of them go to check the animal, and Sam lets them. Wayne finds the place where hundreds of alien animals are dying. One big animal dies on the spot, but it gives birth to a small dragon-like animal through the mouth. It immediately flies off to Tumbleweed's, the nearby shopping centre. The three friends steal weapons to shoot it. A middle-aged couple (Mary Pat Gleason & Tony Mirzoian) are the first ones to spot the creature when it flies through the shop window. A girl (Morgan Nagler) is in a shop dressing room. The dragon takes her. Wayne sings to attract the dragon. Incredibly enough, the dragon responds to his bad singing, because it looks like it hurts it. Harry takes the girl and Harry shoots the dragon. Everybody claps. The three friends leave by car, dancing to the song Play That Funky Music White Boy A reporter (Steve Kehela) is reporting on the dozens of dead animals. They interview a road worker (Andrew Bowen) who has a hurt hand, and another reporter (Lee Garlington) says that there are no comments from the government. Governor Lewis (Dan Aykroyd) is angry at not being informed earlier about the alien situation. The three men interrupt the meeting in which the spread of the aliens is being discussed. Woodman wants to drop a hydrogen bomb onto the things. In the cave, the aliens have evolved into primates that are disabling all cameras, and appear to be leaving through the lift, which is empty, and at that moment lights turn off and the primates attack everybody. One jumps back down the hole through which they appeared, Wayne kills the last one. Lewis gives Woodman the power to use the bomb. Allison disagrees with Woodman's decision, who makes them leave, but this time, Allison leaves with them. They try to evacuate everybody. Ira addresses a bowl of liquid from the meteor. Harry smokes and throws a match which lands in the liquid, igniting it, causing it to grow immediately, like an indoor firework. Allison tries to tell Woodman not to use the bomb but he refuses to listen. Deke and Danny Donald take beers to everybody. By looking at the periodic table printed on Allison's tee-shirt they calculate they need selenium, and a lot of it. The Donald brothers will create it from Head & Shoulders shampoo, whose active ingredient is selenium sulphide. Wayne borrows the fire brigade's truck. The army and Lewis shoot the aliens, and with the explosions, they expand rapidly. A gigantic worm destroys houses and roads and stomps on soldiers. The huge thing starts dividing. They drive the fire truck under the thing, which nastily farts. Harry introduces a hose pipe as though it were an enema. The thing takes Harry inside, and then, when Harry is out and the truck is driving away, it explodes all over the place, sowing green goo everywhere. Ira and Allison kiss, covered in green goo. Woodman fights the people who try to clean him up. Lewis congratulates the group. Wayne becomes a firefighter. Allison and Ira go to the fire truck to make love, so they don't take their medals. The dragon-like animal flies over the three friends because... they are making a commercial for Head & Shoulders shampoo. Credits. 
 South Beach Tow (2011 )Summaries Towing vehicles while facing different levels of opposition from vehicle owners. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pearl Harbor (2001)761) A tale of war and romance mixed in with history. The story follows two lifelong friends and a beautiful nurse who are caught up in the horror of an infamous Sunday morning in 1941. Pearl Harbor is a classic tale of romance set during a war that complicates everything. It all starts when childhood friends Rafe and Danny become Army Air Corps pilots and meet Evelyn, a Navy nurse. Rafe falls head over heels and he and Evelyn and Rafe hook up. Then Rafe volunteers to go fight in Britain, and Evelyn and Danny get transferred to Pearl Harbor. While Rafe is off fighting, suddenly one morning comes the air raid we now know as "Pearl Harbor." shoppingurl3 Rafe and Danny are best friends who are also pilots. When World War II breaks out in Europe, America chooses not to join but they train nonetheless, so Rafe and Danny join the Army Air Corps. Rafe falls for a nurse named Evelyn, but when he gets the opportunity to join the British Air Corps, he jumps at it. Shortly after he leaves, he gets shot down and is reported killed. Danny and Evelyn, stationed in Pearl Harbor, lean on each other after learning this tragic news. But suddenly Rafe returns, and when he finds out about them, he freaks out and goes after Danny. But suddenly Pearl Harbor is attacked and they shoot down some planes attacking them. Roosevelt decides to retaliate against Japan, and Colonel Doolittle is placed in charge and asks Rafe and Danny to join him. They accept, knowing the chances of coming back are slim. But things between them are still tense. rcs0411@yahoo.com American boyhood friends Rafe McCawley and Danny Walker enter World War II as pilots. Rafe is so eager to take part in the war that he departs to fight in Europe alongside England's Royal Air Force. On the homefront, his girlfriend Evelyn, finds comfort in Danny's arms. The three reunite in Hawaii just before the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. Jwelch5742 The classic story of the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor is told through the eyes of two boyhood friends now serving as officers in the Army Air Corps. Rafe is an energetic young pilot who is selected to fly with the British in Europe while America is still not at war. After Rafe is shot down and presumed killed, Danny comforts Rafe's former lover Evelyn, and the two draw closer. But when Rafe turns up alive, the two former friends become enemies, and it is through the turmoil of Pearl Harbour that the two might reconcile their differences. Anthony Hughes <husnock31@hotmail.com> It's Sunday morning, December 7, 1941. After being presumed dead during the Battle of Britain, Capt. Rafe McCawley struggles in his relationship with Nurse Lt. Evelyn Johnson, who also attracts his best friend, Capt. Danny Walker. While this is going on, Japan is planning a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor. FilmFanUk Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 1923 Tennessee, two young boys, Rafe McCawley (Jesse James) and Danny Walker (Reiley McClendon), play together in the back of an old biplane, pretending to be soldiers fighting the Germans in World War I. After Rafe's father lands his biplane and leaves, Rafe and Danny climb into the plane and Rafe accidentally starts it, giving the boys their first experience at flight. Soon afterward, Danny's father (William Fichtner) comes to take him home. He calls Rafe a "stupid boy" and beats Danny. In an effort to protect Danny, Rafe hits Danny's father with an old propeller and calls him a "dirty German". Danny's father reacts by saying he fought the Germans in the trenches in France during World War I, and that he prays that no one will ever have to see the things he saw. Eighteen years later, in January 1941, Danny (Josh Hartnett) and Rafe (Ben Affleck) are both first lieutenants under the command of Major Jimmy Doolittle (Alec Baldwin). Doolittle informs Rafe that he has been accepted into the Eagle Squadron (a RAF outfit for American pilots during the Battle of Britain). Rafe immediately accepts the position. Rafe lies to Danny, though, saying that he was assigned by Doolittle and had no say in the matter. While on a train ride to New York, a nurse named Evelyn (Kate Beckinsale) tells her fellow nurses Sandra (Jennifer Garner), Betty (Jaime King), Martha (Sara Rue), and Barbara (Catherine Kellner) the story of how she met Rafe four weeks earlier after he passed his medical exam despite his dyslexia. That night, Rafe and Evelyn enjoy an evening of dancing at a nightclub and later a jaunt in New York harbor in a borrowed police boat. Rafe shocks Evelyn by saying that he has joined the Eagle Squadron and is leaving the next day. He asks her not to see him off, but is pleased to see that she comes anyway as he leaves the following morning. In the meantime, Danny, Evelyn and their fellow pilots and nurses are transferred to Pearl Harbor, where there is little action; meanwhile, Rafe flies in numerous dogfights with the RAF against the Luftwaffe. During one battle, Rafe is shot down over the English Channel and presumed to be killed in action. Danny gives Evelyn the news and she is devastated. It is then that Danny learns from Evelyn that Rafe volunteered for the assignment. Three months later, Evelyn and Danny realize they are developing feelings for each other. Danny takes Evelyn for a sunset flight over the harbor and begins a relationship with her. On the night of December 6, Evelyn is shocked to discover Rafe, alive and well, standing outside her door. He explains that he survived his aircraft crash and was rescued by a French fishing boat, and has been stuck in occupied France ever since. Danny comes soon afterward holding a telegram from Western Union stating that Rafe is in fact alive. Rafe realizes that Danny and Evelyn are now together and leaves feeling betrayed. He goes to the Hula bar where he is welcomed back by his overjoyed fellow pilots. Danny finds Rafe in the bar with the intention of making things right but a drunken Rafe will have none of it. The two get into a fight. When the police arrive, Danny and Rafe drive away and, after talking, eventually fall asleep in their car. Early the next morning, on December 7, 1941, the Japanese navy begins its attack on Pearl Harbor. The two pilots drive away in search of a still standing airfield, while Evelyn and the other nurses rush for the hospital. The nurses struggle to give emergency treatment to hundreds of injured, some of whom must be turned away because they cannot be saved. Rafe and Danny manage to get in the air in two P-40s, shooting down seven Japanese Zeros, including joining the fight over Battleship Row, which is mercilessly bombed during the attack, killing thousands of American sailors and other military personnel. The next day, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt (Jon Voight) delivers his Day of Infamy Speech to the nation and asks the US Congress to declare a state of war with the Empire of Japan. In the aftermath, the survivors attend a memorial service to honor the numerous dead, including fellow nurses and pilots. Later, Danny and Rafe are assigned to travel stateside under Major Doolittle for a secret mission. Before they leave, Evelyn reveals to Rafe that she is pregnant with Danny's child and that she will remain with Danny, though she claims she will always love Rafe just as much. Roosevelt meets with his joint chiefs and tells them he wants a retaliatory strike against Japan. They offer him several options but none has the potential effect he desires. The joint chiefs explain what he wants is impossible. Roosevelt counters by hoisting himself up to a standing position from his wheelchair, telling them it isn't. Later, his military staff meets with him and present a new plan for bombing the Japanese mainland. Upon their arrival in California, Danny and Rafe are both promoted to captain and awarded the silver star. Doolittle asks them to volunteer for a top secret mission, which they both immediately accept although the risks are high. While sitting at a bonfire on a beach, Rafe attempts to dissuade Danny from going, but Danny decides to go anyway, thinking that Rafe is just trying to protect him. During the next three months, Rafe, Danny and other pilots train with specially modified B-25 Mitchell bombers, learning how to launch them with a limited runway the length of an American aircraft carrier. Repeated attempts to launch on the shortened runway fail until Doolittle proves it can happen. From then on, the unit are known as "Doolittle's Raiders." In April, the raiders are sent towards Japan on board the carrier USS Hornet, and are informed that their mission will involve bombing Tokyo. it will be a lengthy flight, with little chance for reaching their landing site in China, hundreds of miles further West. However, the Japanese discover them early, forcing the raiders to launch from a longer distance than planned. After a successful bombing run against Tokyo, the raiders crash-land on Japanese-occupied territory in China in a rice paddy. The Japanese Army pin down Rafe's plane, but Danny's crew flies over and shoots the Japanese patrol before crashing. Rafe runs to Danny's side and attempts to pull a piece of metal from Danny's neck, but they are once again attacked by Japanese patrols. Danny is shot during the attack while the other pilots, Red (Ewen Bremner) and Gooz (Michael Shannon), kill off the remaining Japanese patrolmen. Holding a dying Danny in his arms, Rafe tells Danny that he can't die because he is going to be a father, to which the dying Danny replies that Rafe will have to be the father. The remaining pilots are rescued by the Chinese. Upon his return home, a visibly pregnant Evelyn sees Rafe getting off the aircraft, carrying Danny's coffin. Afterward, both Evelyn and Rafe are awarded medals. Rafe is awarded his medal by President Roosevelt, and he and Evelyn are discharged from the army. A few years later after the war ends, Rafe and Evelyn, now married, visit Danny's grave with Danny's and Evelyn's son, also named Danny. Rafe asks baby Danny if he would like to go flying, and the two fly off into the sunset in an old biplane. 
 Girl Meets Farm (2018 )Summaries Cookbook author, food blogger and Midwest transplant Molly Yeh embraces her country life and makes dishes inspired by her Jewish and Chinese heritage -- with a taste of the Midwest, too. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 