nm0010910:

 Striptease (1996)Summaries A stripper and single mother gets dragged into a dangerous situation after a congressman takes a fancy to her. Erin Grant loses care and custody of her daughter when she's divorced from her husband Darrell, a small-time thief. Struggling for money, she is a dancer at a nightclub, where one night Congressman Dilbeck (in disguise) attacks another member of the audience. A spectator, who recognizes Dilbeck and is fond of Erin, offers to get back her daughter by blackmailing Dilbeck. Things do not work out as planned, though. Thomas Meyer <i03a@zfn.uni-bremen.de> Erin Grant loses custody of her child to her deadbeat ex-husband after losing her job. To make the money she needs to appeal the verdict, she takes a job at ''The Eager Beaver'', a local strip bar. She unwittingly gets caught up in the fetishes, fantasies, and felonies of various patrons, including an ambitious bouncer, the sleazy club owner, underworld figures, and an United States Congressman. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Magic City (20122013)321) Centers on Miami mobsters and other characters from Miami Beach in the late 1950s. As Frank Sinatra rings in a new year in the grand ballroom of Miami Beach's most luxurious dream palace - the Miramar Hotel - its visionary leader, Ike Evans, must deal with the Mob, his complicated family and a city in the midst of dramatic change as Fidel Castro takes control of Cuba, just 200 miles offshore. By day the hotel at the center of 'Magic City' is all diving clown acts and cha-cha lessons by the pool, but at night Miami Beach reveals a darker truth. Dopers, dealers, strippers, gangsters and those who arrest them drift together to hear the top nightclub acts perform. Just beneath the surface, racial tensions stir. Ike must deal with all of this, even while global intrigue is brewing right under his roof. Starz Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Magic City, a series set in a fictional Miami Beach hotel in the late 1950s -- when the Rat Pack played and Fidel Castro took power in Cuba -- got the green light this week for 10 episodes from Starz Entertainment. Casting is set to start soon, and production will begin in 2011, though it's still unclear how much, if any, of the series will be filmed in Miami. The show is set to air on the Starz cable channel in 2012. Writer and producer Mitch Glazer is intimately familiar with the subject matter: Growing up in Miami Beach in the 1950s and 60s, he accompanied his engineer father to work at the area's most glamorous hotels, including the Fontainebleau, Eden Roc, Deauville and Carillon. Glazer, a 1970 Miami Beach High grad and one-time Deauville cabana boy, said he remains obsessed with the era. ``So much that ended up shaping America -- politics, pop culture, everything from civil rights to geopolitical situations -- came through the lobby of those hotels,'' he said. Glazer said the show's hotel is inspired by the architecture of Morris Lapidus, who fashioned the Eden Roc and Fontainebleau. He said he would love to shoot the entire series in Miami, but Starz said it is in talks with several locations, including some outside the state. ``It's a love letter to the city and that would be the dream, to do it down there,'' said Glazer, who wrote several films, including Scrooged and Great Expectations. Producers have applied for and received confirmation that they would get state incentive money to shoot the series in Florida, according to Miami-Dade film offices. Tallahassee recently increased production subsidies from about $11 million a year to about $50 million a year to draw more business to the state. Local film officials hope this week's announcement from Starz -- which has ventured into original programming over the past few years -- signals a boom for scripted television series in Miami. News of the Magic City order follows word just weeks ago that ABC wants to revive the Charlie's Angels series, with a pilot to be filmed in Miami next year. With USA's drama Burn Notice shooting its fifth season next spring in Miami-Dade and A&E crime series The Glades expected to shoot its second season in Dade and Broward next year, the area is eager for more television close-ups. Jeff Peel, head of the Miami-Dade office of film and entertainment, said having even two scripted series shooting in the region was a big deal. ``If we have four, man, this town is going to be hopping,'' he said. Burn Notice, for example, spends about $2 million an episode -- and Peel said a period drama like Magic City would likely pump more into the economy. ``Assuming that all of this stuff actually shows up here, we're going to be bursting at the seams,'' Peel said. If Magic City shoots in some other city, it wouldn't be a first for a Miami-themed show: CSI: Miami and Dexter both are filmed in Los Angeles. But Graham Winick, head of the Miami Beach film office, said negotiations about the show have been positive for South Florida. He said the success of hits like Burn Notice and reality shows filmed in Miami show the popularity of the destination. ``It speaks volumes to where Miami is as a brand in television and what viewers want to see, which is Miami,'' Winick said. ``That's wonderful for us, it'll help us as we move out of the economic state we're in.'' The beach was enjoying headier times during the era when the show is set, said local historian Paul George. ``It's one of the heydays of the beach, with the Fontainebleau and the Eden Roc,'' George said. ``It was just on the world's map at that time.'' But as Frank Sinatra crooned and the wealthy gathered at the region's finest hotels, a darker side of Miami Beach existed under the glossy surface. The show will touch on drugs, strippers, gangsters, racial tension and global unrest as seen through the prism of the Miramar Hotel and its boss, Ike Evans. ``My fantasy is of it being like Rick's Caf in Casablanca, where all roads lead to and through the Miramar,'' Glazer said. 
 Burn Notice (20072013)Summaries A spy recently disavowed by the U.S. government uses his special ops training to help others in trouble. Michael Westen, a seasoned U.S. spy, is suddenly "burned", i.e. discredited, without any form of procedure. He survives by doing impossible jobs for desperate people in Miami, where his mother lives. Michael is usually aided by his ex-girlfriend Fiona and trusted former FBI informer Sam. KGF Vissers Professional spies don't just get fired like regular people. Instead, they get "burned". And when you are burned, you're exposed and left with absolutely nothing to your name. No cash, no credit, no credit score, no job history, and you're stuck in whatever city the agency decides to leave you in. Michael Westen is one such spy. He was burned and decides to take his revenge on the people who burned him. But in order to do so, he decides he cannot do this alone, so he teams up with people from his past. His former partner Sam Axe, an ex-Navy SEAL who used to rat on him to the FBI and more than enjoys a good cocktail or two. And his on again, off again ex-girlfriend Fiona Glenanne, who enjoys explosives and firearms as much as fashion and yogurt. Together, they take on cases that help individuals throughout the city of Miami, while Michael puts together the pieces of the puzzle about the people that burned him. And they will need lots of yogurt and C4 in order to do so. halo1k It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Wild Things (1998)871) A police detective uncovers a conspiracy behind a case involving a high-school guidance counselor when accusations of rape are made against him by two female students. Having recently been named educator of the year, Sam Lombardo is the well-liked guidance counselor and sailing instructor at Blue Bay High School on the Florida coast just outside Miami. The student body of the school is largely comprised of the offspring of the country club set, and while he helps any student he can, he especially tries to mentor those who are disadvantaged, such as Jimmy Leach who would not have been able to afford being in the sailing program otherwise, and tough Suzie Toller, a proverbial swamp girl who he's helped through a few scrapes with the law in the absence of any parents, Suzie living with her streetwise grandmother Ruby at an alligator sideshow zoo. Although not socioeconomically part of that country club set himself, he nonetheless has ingratiated himself within it, he having slept with a good number of the country club maidens, he currently settled into a relationship with Barbara Baxter, the well-off daughter of high powered lawyer Tom Baxter. Sam's world comes crashing down around him when student Kelly Van Ryan, who has made it quite clear to her classmates she is sexually attracted to him and who is the daughter of one of his former bed mates, sexually provocative widow and socially powerful Sandra Van Ryan, accuses him of raping her. Already in trouble in that no one can fight and win against the Van Ryans in Blue Bay, Sam, whose career is ruined regardless of his guilt or innocence in never being able to recover from such accusations, gets into even more problems when Suzie quickly thereafter comes forward also accusing him of previously raping her, her story similar to Kelly's. The likelihood of Kelly and Suzie colluding together to manufacture similar stories is remote as it is well known that they have always detested each other. Having now become persona non grata among that country club set, Sam is forced to hire sleazy storefront lawyer Ken Bowden to defend him. Blue Bay Police Detective Ray Duquette of the Sex Crimes Division, he investigating with his partner Gloria Perez, goes against her advice and that of DA Bryce Hunter by delving into sensitive areas in believing that not all associated with the case are as they appear on the surface. Huggo In south Florida, a high school counselor is accused of rape by a manipulative rich girl and her trailer trash classmate. The cop on the case begins to suspect a conspiracy and dives into an elaborate and devious web of greed and betrayal to find the truth. J.J. Jackson Sam Lombardo is a high school counselor living in Blue Bay in South Florida, whose life is turned upside down. Kelly Van Ryan, the sexy and seductive daughter of billionaire Sandra Van Ryan, one of Blue Bay's powerful and elite members of the community who has a crush on Sam accuses him of raping her. It gets even worse for Sam, when troubled bad girl Suzie Toller steps forward and claims that Sam also raped her. With Sam's career ruined, he loses respect from his students and the community, while believing both Kelly and Suzie have framed him. Sam hires freelance lawyer Ken Bowden to defend him in court. Investigating the case, police detective Ray Duquette suspects a conspiracy involving Sam, Kelly and Susie, and finds nothing is what it seems. Daniel Williamson Sam Lombardo is a well-respected Florida high school guidance counselor who gets his life turned upside down when two students, spoiled rich-girl Kelly Van Ryan, and trailer-trash bad-girl Suzie Toller, bring rape charges against him in which local police detective Ray Duquette investigates the allegations. But not everything is what it appears to be and the big question arises: who is deceiving who? Matthew Patay When High School Guidance counselor Sam Lombardo is accused of raping the popular student Kelly Van Ryan, his carefully structured life is ruined. But as the case heads to trial, an outcast school girl Suzie, may have information to free Sam. But the investigating Detective Ray, thinks that a more devious plan is at work that involves Sam, Kelly, and Suzie. As Ray digs deeper into the case, he uncovers a scheme that has very high stakes and where nothing is as it seems. <moviebuff@csupomona.edu> A decent teacher is accused by one of his students for raping her, after he seemingly refuses to make love with her. Most people believe him to be innocent, but when another student of his starts claiming the same for her, things get really difficult Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Two female students -- wealthy, popular Kelly Van Ryan ( Denise Richards ) and goth trailer dweller Suzie Toller ( Neve Campbell ) -- accuse Sam Lombardo ( Matt Dillon ), a high school guidance counselor, of rape. Before this, Sam gives Kelly a ride home, at which time they listen to both Third Eye Blind and Smash Mouth on a car stereo. During the trial, Suzie reveals that Sam did not rape her and that Kelly fabricated the charges because she was in love with him and angry that he slept with her mother. The trial humiliates Kelly and her entire family, and Sam receives a generous settlement ($8.5 million), which he uses to retire peacefully. It is then revealed that Sam, Kelly, and Suzie orchestrated the scandal with the aim of taking the money from the trial. As police sergeant Ray Duquette ( Kevin Bacon ) becomes suspicious, Suzie becomes increasingly nervous and Sam worries that she will undermine their plan. After Kelly has an affair with Suzie, Sam and Kelly take her to the seaside, where Sam murders Suzie with a wine bottle. In the investigation into Suzie's disappearance, police find her blood and teeth by the ocean. Ray discovers Sam is the killer and goes to Kelly's house to protect Kelly from Sam. In the confrontation between Kelly and Ray, both are shot, Kelly fatally. Ray explains how she shot at him and he had to return fire. Ray is discharged from the police force following this incident, while Sam spends time at a tropical resort. Sam goes to his room and finds Ray there -- Ray and Sam had been collaborating the whole time. They later go cruising in Sam's boat in the ocean, where Sam knocks Ray overboard. When Ray climbs back onboard, Suzie, alive and now with blonde hair, shoots him with a spear gun and Ray disappears into the surf. Before Ray falls over, he pleads to Sam for help. Sam would say "you should not have killed Kelly", signifying he and Suzie showed no remorse in having to kill Ray. As Sam relaxes, Suzie gives him a drink laced with poison and knocks him overboard. She sails the boat back to shore by herself. A series of flashbacks explains the story. Suzie devised the plan, in which she wished to receive the money from the trial, as payback to her wealthy stepsister Sandra Van Ryan (Kelly's mother played by Theresa Russell ) for being scorned and abandoned by their father. Suzie also wanted to kill Ray in revenge for killing her friend, Davie, some time ago (Davie tried to intervene to protect a prostitute that Ray was roughing up, so Ray killed him, then busted Suzie for drugs and sent her away to a correctional facility so she couldn't be a witness against him). She manipulated all the characters in the plot, making Sam seem the mastermind and faking her own death (she had photos of Sam and Kelly partaking in drugs and underage kinky sex to blackmail Sam into joining the plot). She was underestimated because of her delinquency and poor background. Those who knew her say her IQ was around 200 and, if she put her mind to it, "she could do anything." As for Kelly's death, Ray shot her first and then put a gun in her hand and made it appear that she had shot at him. 