nm0000235:

 Kill Bill: Vol. 2 (2004)761) The Bride continues her quest of vengeance against her former boss and lover Bill, the reclusive bouncer Budd, and the treacherous, one-eyed Elle. The murderous Bride is back and she is still continuing her vengeance quest against her ex-boss, Bill, and taking aim at Bill's younger brother Budd and Elle Driver, the only survivors from the squad of assassins who betrayed her four years earlier. It's all leading up to the ultimate confrontation with Bill, the Bride's former master and the man who ordered her execution! Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} After having successfully crossed the first two members of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad - Vernita Green, O-Ren Ishii, and the Crazy 88s, The Bride (whose real name is now revealed to be Beatrix Kiddo) sets her sites on the remaining three. While she goes after Bill's brother Budd, Elle Driver, and ultimately Bill himself, we learn more about Beatrix's back story. This includes her time in China training under ultra strict traditionalist martial arts legend Pai Mei, who had a taste for brutal action, and a super-secret technique that can take out any opponent, and how she got to be where she is. Unfortunately Elle and Budd are out to stop her from getting to Bill and learning the truth about the attack on her wedding four years earlier. Getting to Bill will be an ultimately rewarding experience for Beatrix, but can she get through Budd and Elle first? halo1k The Bride woke up after a long coma. The baby that she carried before the coma was gone. The only thing on her mind was to get revenge on the assassination team that betrayed her - a team she was once part of. With two of the people on her Death List taken care of, she must pursue Budd, Elle Driver and of course Bill himself. But she is in for a surprise... Qrrbirbel Beatrix Kiddo a.k.a The Bride is a female assassin, a trained killer who was betrayed by the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, led by her former boss Bill who gunned her down on her wedding day leaving her for dead. The Bride awoke four years later and set out to get her vengeance on Bill and the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad who betrayed her. Helped by one of Bill's former tutors, retired sword maker Hattori Hanzo, The Bride begun her quest for vengeance and she killed Vernita Green and O'Ren Ishii. Continuing her quest for vengeance, The Bride sets out to get her vengeance on Bill's younger brother Budd who is now a bouncer at a strip club and Elle Driver, The Bride's one-eyed nemesis and Bill himself, unaware Bill has her daughter B.B in his custody, who she thought died while she was in her coma. Will The Bride succeed and get her vengeance and will she kill Bill? Daniel Williamson It all began when the nefarious Deadly Viper Assassination Squad moved in and assassinated the Plympton wedding party at the Two Pines Wedding Chapel in El Paso, TX. Well, all but one: The Bride, their real target. All they managed to do to her was put her in a coma. And four years later, she woke up and swore revenge on the lot of them. It began with the disposing of O-Ren Ishii/"Cottonmouth" and Vernita Green/"Copperhead". Now, the "Black Mamba" has only three left on her Death List: Budd/"Sidewinder", Bill's brother; Elle Driver/"California Mountain Snake", the deadly one-eyed assassin; and, of course, Bill/"Snake Charmer", her boss, teacher, and lover. However, Bill does possess one thing that keeps the ball in his court: B.B., the daughter the Bride thought she had lost in her coma. And now, at this point, the Bride knows only one thing: in the end, she will kill Bill. Will Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. During the opening credits, we see the Bride's bloodied face again and hear her say "Bill, it's your baby." In the first scene, she drives an open Volkswagen Karmann Ghia and says there is only one left to kill (which tells us she believes that Elle is dead). She is on her way to Bill. Chapter 6: The Massacre at Two Pines Back at the beginning (a black-and-white segment), at the Two Pines Wedding Chapel in El Paso, Texas, a dress rehearsal for a wedding is taking place. Reverend Harmony ( Bo Svenson ) and his wife ( Jeannie Epper ) decide that, since the bride will have no relatives present at the wedding, the groom's relatives and friends can sit on both sides of the aisle. The Bride ( Uma Thurman ), irritated with the reverend's wife, leaves the chapel to get some fresh air; on the way out, she is disturbed to hear flute music. On the front porch she finds Bill ( David Carradine ) sitting on a bench playing his bamboo flute. Bill asks her about her fianc, Tommy ( Christopher Allen Nelson ), and what she's been doing for work; she's been working in Tommy's used record store, a job she says she enjoys. She asks him to "be nice" and he replies that he does not know how to be nice but will do his best to be sweet. They enter the hall and she introduces Bill to her fianc as her father but rejects the fianc's idea that, as her father, he should give her away at the ceremony. Bill politely replies that it would be "asking a lot" of him to do so but he'll happily join the congregation for the ceremony. As the bride and groom are called to the front by the Reverend Harmony, no attempt is made to introduce 'father' to the rest of the fianc's family. Bill stays at the back of the chapel. Outside the chapel, four armed assassins appear, all dressed in black. In one line they move to the door, they enter, and the shooting starts, killing everybody inside except for the Bride and Bill. Back in the present (in color), Bill visits his younger brother Budd ( Michael Madsen ), a.k.a. Sidewinder, at his trailer in the middle of nowhere and warns him about the Bride. She will kill Budd if Budd does not allow Bill to protect him. They had differences in the past but they should move on. Budd, drinking as they talk, replies that maybe they should get killed because the Bride deserves her revenge. He then infuriates Bill by saying that he pawned his priceless samurai sword (a gift from Bill) for $250. Chapter 7: The Lonely Grave of Paula Schulz Budd goes to work at the strip club where he's employed as a bouncer. He arrives 20 minutes late and sees that there are no customers in the club. He talks briefly with the bartender, Jay ( Sid Haig ), before he is called into the office by his hot-tempered, coke-snorting boss Larry Gomez ( Larry Bishop ). In the office, Larry argues with Budd over being late again, and Budd talks back, saying that there is nobody in the bar and there was no need for him to be there. Larry takes away Budd's scheduled hours for several days and tells him in a rude tone not to come back to work until he hears from him. In the bar, Budd agrees to clean up after a broken toilet that a stripper named Rocket says is overflowing. Budd returns to his trailer, but standing in front of it suddenly freezes. He enters the trailer but looks out the window. The Bride, who was hiding under the trailer, sticks to the wall so he does not see her. When she opens the door Budd shoots her in the chest with a shotgun loaded with rock salt. While she lies wounded on the ground, Budd, very pleased with himself, injects her with a sedative. He phones Elle Driver ( Daryl Hannah ) and offers to sell her the Bride's Hattori Hanzo sword for a million dollars. Elle agrees to bring the money in the morning. Her condition is that the Bride must suffer to her last breath. At a cemetery, Budd and an accomplice dig a large hole in the ground in which they plan to bury the wounded Bride alive. When the grave has been dug, the Bride is given a choice: if she does not resist, she'll be given a flashlight; if she does, Budd will burn her eyes with mace and leave her buried alive in darkness. She chooses the flashlight, is put in a coffin and the lid is nailed down. "This is for breaking my brother's heart," says Budd. Budd and his accomplice lower the coffin into the ground, cover it with soil, and drive off. The Bride panics for a short time and recalls her training under Pai Mei. Chapter 8: The Cruel Tutelage of Pai Mei In a flashback, Bill and the Bride, who is very much in love with him, sit by a campfire somewhere in China and Bill, who calls her "kiddo," plays his bamboo flute. He tells her about his kung fu teacher Pai Mei ( Chia-Hui Liu , credited as Gordon Liu), who is reputed to be a 1000 years old, and his 'five-point-palm-exploding-heart technique.' The technique involves five blows administered to particular pressure points on the body with the fingertips. Thereafter, the victim's heart explodes after he or she takes five steps. Pai Mei did not teach Bill the technique because he does not show it to anyone. At the foot of the stairs leading to Pai Mei's place in another part of rural China, Bill, who has just come down, informs the Bride that Pai Mei will take her as his pupil because he is a lonely old man. Bill's bruised face shows that he was hurt but he refuses to say what happened. Bill warns her not to show any disrespect or disobedience to Pai Mei because Pai Mei will kill her -- "he hates Caucasians, despises Americans, and has nothing but contempt for women." She climbs the steps and quickly is humiliated by Pai Mei, who scorns her fighting skills and her ethnicity. He challenges her to land one blow on him while they engage in hand-to-hand combat and the Bride fails, at one point trying to use a rock which Pai Mei tosses aside after grabbing her wrist. Pai Mei threatens to chop her hand off with a single blow and declares that her hand now belongs to him and she must strengthen it. Over the next several weeks, the Bride works hard (practicing martial arts forms, carrying buckets of water up the long, steep flight of stairs, and learning to eat with chopsticks) and learns hard. She finds striking a blow with her fist to break a hole through a thick wooden plank at close range the most difficult skill. Back to the present: still in the coffin, the Bride manages to remove her boots and the belt tying her feet together. She takes out a straight razor hidden in her boot and uses it to cut her hands free. She first tests the planking of the coffin lid for a weak spot, then hits the lid with her fist repeatedly. The planks becomes smeared with her blood but finally crack. She appears to swim up through the earth, and an arm emerges from the grave. The Bride crawls out. Covered in dirt and trailing dust behind her, she walks into a diner, sits down, and calmly asks for a glass of water. Chapter 9: Elle and I The Bride walks a great distance across the desert and through the mountains. She reaches Budd's trailer in time to see Elle arrive. Elle enters the trailer and gives Budd a red suitcase full of money. He makes margaritas in a grubby blender and serves them in dirty jelly-jar glasses while she examines the sword. He opens the suitcase, gloats over the money, and is struck in the face by a venomous black mamba snake that was hidden among the bundles of cash. Before he dies, Elle tells him that she is sorry that such a "piece of shit" as himself was the one who managed to kill the Bride -- she deserved better. She phones Bill and tells him that the Bride has killed his brother but that she, Elle, has killed the Bride. Elle also reveals the whereabouts of the final resting place of the Bride (in the grave of Paula Schulz) and mentions the Bride's real name for the first time: Beatrix Kiddo. Beatrix flies in and immediately attacks Elle, landing a blow to Elle's chest with both feet. Their long and vicious fight destroys the trailer's interior. Elle gets hold of the Bride's sword during the struggle. In a golf bag, the Bride finds another katana, inscribed "To my brother Budd, the only man I ever loved, Bill" -- apparently Budd didn't pawn it after all. Beatrix asks Elle what Elle said to Pai Mei to make him pluck out Elle's eye. Elle says she called him a "miserable, old fool." Elle also tells Beatrix that she poisoned Pai Mei's favorite meal, fish heads, out of revenge and he died. As they face off, Elle relishes the irony of killing the Bride with her own sword. However, at close range, the Bride plucks out Elle's remaining eye and steps on it. Rather than finish killing Elle, Beatrix leaves the trailer, the black mamba hissing behind her as Elle shrieks and curses and flails. Last Chapter: Face to Face In Mexico, the Bride visits the courtly retired pimp Esteban Vihaio ( Michael Parks ), one of Bill's old mentors, and asks him to tell her where Bill is. He finally agrees because he thinks Bill would surely like to see her. She enters Bill's hacienda carefully, a gun in her hand, but is shocked to the point of tears when Bill and their small daughter B.B. ( Perla Haney-Jardine ), who she didn't know was alive, both play-shoot at her with toy guns. The Bride is stunned but joins them for a dinner of sandwiches. Bill explains to B.B. that he shot her mother because he was saddened when Beatrix abandoned him and angry when he found her engaged to be married to another man. The Bride spends good time with her daughter, who falls asleep. The Bride goes to speak to Bill. Sensing that Beatrix might attack him, Bill fires a warning shot, freezing Beatrix in her seat, then he shoots her with a truth-serum dart and waits for it to take effect. He asks her why she left him: because she wanted to keep their child safe, not wanting her to grow up to be assassins like them. When Bill asks her when she came to that decision, the Bride tells him the story: In a flashback to a hotel room: the Bride, who's been sent on an assassination assignment to Japan, discovers that she is pregnant. Another assassin, Karen Kim ( Helen Kim ), who spotted Beatrix when she arrived, shoots a hole in the door with a shotgun. The Bride, pointing her gun at Karen, convinces her that she is pregnant and persuades her to walk away, promising that she will do the same. As she leaves, Karen congratulates the Bride. Back in the present, Bill is puzzled because he believes that Beatrix is a natural born killer and cannot change. He asks if she enjoyed killing the other people on her revenge list, and the truth serum forces her to admit that she did. They agree to fight with swords on the beach -- then Bill suddenly attacks her as they sit on his patio. At the climax of a brief skirmish during which both remain seated, she strikes him with the five-point-palm-exploding-heart technique. She tells Bill that she did not mention that Pai Mei taught her the technique because she is a bad person. Bill disputes that. They share an affectionate farewell before he takes five steps and falls down dead. Later, while B.B. watches cartoons in their hotel room, Beatrix lies on the bathroom floor crying for a time over Bill. "The lioness has rejoined her cub, and all is right in the jungle." Later, she leaves with B.B. to start a new life. Before the credits roll, Beatrix's death list is written on the screen; the names of those she killed outright are crossed out. A question mark is written over Elle's name. Bill's name is not crossed out. 
 Pulp Fiction (1994)761) The lives of two mob hitmen, a boxer, a gangster and his wife, and a pair of diner bandits intertwine in four tales of violence and redemption. Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) are two hit men who are out to retrieve a suitcase stolen from their employer, mob boss Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). Wallace has also asked Vincent to take his wife Mia ( Uma Thurman ) out a few days later when Wallace himself will be out of town. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is an aging boxer who is paid by Wallace to lose his fight. The lives of these seemingly unrelated people are woven together comprising of a series of funny, bizarre and uncalled-for incidents. Soumitra Faced with life's cruel irony, the unpredictable stories of a well-dressed pair of low-level hitmen; a gangster's statuesque moll, and a double-crossing prizefighter become inextricably intertwined, as the small-time crooks, Honey Bunny and Pumpkin, summon up the courage to hold up their favourite L.A. diner. Entrusted with retrieving a glow-emitting leather suitcase which belongs to their boss--the powerful crime kingpin, Marsellus--instead, the dark-suited gunmen, Vincent Vega and Jules Winnfield, end up with a bloody mess. Fortunately--with men like Mr Wolf always around to handle a crisis--there's time to cool off in a long twist contest, while at the same time, the proud champion boxer, Butch, makes the decision of a lifetime. Soon, things will come full circle, as, once more, Jules and Vincent find themselves in the perfect dead-end situation, exactly where it all began: an all-too-familiar cafeteria. Is truth stranger than fiction? Nick Riganas Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ) and Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) are two thieves who, while dining at a coffee shop, decide that the best thing to do is to rob it. Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) and Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ), two hit men working for mob kingpin Marcellus Wallace (Ving Rhames'), are sent to retrieve a very special and very mysterious briefcase for their boss. Vincent later must also show Mrs. Wallace ( Uma Thurman ) a good time while her husband is out. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is an aging prizefighter who is being paid to "take a dive", but instead accidentally kills his opponent, and tries to flee town, but not before getting his dead father's lucky golden watch. These four seemingly unrelated stories are interwoven in a non-linear fashion. movies_are_forever Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) work as hit men for crime boss Marcellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). Wallace is currently dealing with Butch Collidge ( Bruce Willis ), a boxer who failed to throw a fight after taking Wallace's money and is now planning to flee the city, but can't leave his father's watch behind. Vincent faces some problems of his own when Wallace asks him to show his wife Mia ( Uma Thurman ) a good time while he's away. Some of these people redeem themselves and some don't, and all meet an end appropriate to their choices. rmlohner Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) and Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) are two hit men on the hunt for a briefcase whose contents were stolen from their boss, Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ). They run into a few unexpected detours along the road. Marsellus is out of town, and he's gotten Vincent to take care of his wife, Mia ( Uma Thurman . That is, take her out for a night on the town. Things go smoothly until one of them makes a huge error. Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) is a boxer who's been approached by Marsellus and been told to throw his latest fight. When Butch ends up killing the other boxer, he must escape Marsellus. Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ) and Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) (not their real names) are two lovebirds/thieves who have decided to rob the restaurant they're currently eating at. But the restaurant doesn't turn out to be as easy as the other places they've robbed. G-reaper Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Late one morning in the Hawthorne Grill, a restaurant on Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles, a young couple, Honey Bunny ( Amanda Plummer ) and Pumpkin ( Tim Roth ), discuss the pros and cons of robbing banks versus liquor stores. Then they add restaurants to the equation, realizing they can make more by taking customers' wallets than they get out of the till. The two kiss, declare they love each other and stand up in their booth, announcing that they're robbing the diner. Earlier in the day, Jules Winnfield ( Samuel L. Jackson ) and Vincent Vega ( John Travolta ) arrive at a San Fernando Valley apartment building. They are hit men in the employ of Marsellus Wallace and have come to retrieve a valuable belonging of Wallace's from a group of would-be crooks led by a young and naive guy named Brett ( Frank Whaley ). They take back the valuable item -- kept in a briefcase, it glows warmly and transfixes whoever looks at it. Jules recites what he claims is a Bible verse, Ezekiel 25:17, before he and Vincent execute Brett. Story #1: Vincent Vega And Marsellus Wallace's Wife At his strip club, Marsellus Wallace ( Ving Rhames ) pays boxer Butch Coolidge ( Bruce Willis ) to throw his next fight. Jules and Vincent arrive; though it's only a few hours after their visit to the Valley, the two hit men are sporting gym clothes in place of the suits they wore earlier in the day. While Jules heads to the men's room, Vincent goes to the bar and encounters Butch. The men take an instant disliking to each other. Vincent insults Butch but before Butch can retaliate, Marsellus calls Vincent over and embraces him. Marsellus is leaving town that evening and Vincent is to take Marsellus' wife, Mia ( Uma Thurman ), out for dinner to keep her entertained. Rumors abound that Marsellus gravely wounded another associate, Antoine, who he believed had been improperly friendly with Mia, so Vincent is nervous. Before picking Mia up, he visits his drug dealer, Lance ( Eric Stoltz ), and buys some high-quality heroin. Properly sedated, he escorts the cocaine-addicted, chain-smoking Mia to Jack Rabbit Slim's, a West Hollywood 1950s-themed restaurant. After some small talk about European travel, Mia's failed acting career, foot massage, and the rumors about Antoine (which Mia dispels), Mia enters herself and Vincent in a dance contest. They dance The Twist and win a trophy. After dinner, they return to the Wallace's home. Vincent goes to the bathroom to talk himself out of making a pass at Mia. Meanwhile, she discovers the baggie of heroin in his coat pocket and, assuming it's cocaine, snorts some. She immediately passes out and begins to foam at the mouth. Panicked, Vincent takes the dying Mia to Lance's where they argue about what to do with her. Following Lance's advice, Vincent is able to revive her with a shot of adrenaline administered straight to the heart. Vincent takes Mia home. They agree not to tell Marsellus what happened since both of them would get in trouble for it. Story #2: The Gold Watch The following night, before his fight, Butch dreams of an incident from his childhood: Back at his Tennessee home in 1973, Captain Koons ( Christopher Walken ) visited Butch to bring him a gold watch. The watch had belonged to Butch's great-grandfather, who took it to World War I with him. Butch's grandfather had taken it to World War II, and Butch's father to Vietnam. Butch's father died as a POW, but gave the watch to Koons to return to Butch. Koons says that he and Butch's father had to hide the watch in their rectums to keep it away from their captors. Butch reaches up with his hand and takes the watch from Koons. Butch wakes from the dream. Instead of throwing the match (offscreen), he fights so viciously that he kills his opponent. He took Marsellus' money and bet it on himself; his winnings will amount to a small fortune. Butch makes small talk with Esmarelda ( Angela Jones ), the driver of the cab he is in, who reveals that she knows he's the boxer who killed his opponent; she seems fascinated with the topic of death. Esmarelda drives Butch to the seedy motel where he and his French girlfriend, Fabienne ( Maria de Medeiros ), are staying, having abandoned their apartment. In the morning they will travel to Butch's hometown of Knoxville, Tennessee, claim their winnings, and leave the country. While packing the next morning, however, Fabienne reveals that she forgot the gold watch, the belonging Butch cherishes above all others. After a savage outburst in which he wrecks the motel room's television, Butch takes Fabienne's car to get the watch, parking a few blocks away and walking through a vacant lot to his apartment building as a precaution. He enters without incident and finds his wristwatch in the bedroom. He realizes he's not alone in the apartment when he notices a sub-machine gun in the kitchen. Catching Vincent off guard as he emerges from the bathroom, Butch kills him with the gun he found. He leaves his apartment after wiping the gun down with a tissue to remove his fingerprints. Leaving the apartment with his watch, Butch encounters Marsellus crossing the street. He tries to run Marsellus over with his car but only wounds him and is hit by another car himself. Both are injured and Marsellus chases Butch into a pawn shop. There, the owner, Maynard ( Duane Whitaker ), overpowers them. Marsellus and Butch wake up in the basement of the pawn shop, bound and gagged. Maynard has called his cousin Zed ( Peter Greene ), who works as a security guard. Maynard and Zed are apparently a pair of redneck serial killers who kill passersby who happen into their store. While the Gimp ( Stephen Hibbert ), a huge man-child dressed head to toe in black leather fetish gear, watches Butch, Maynard and Zed take Marsellus into the next room and begin to rape him. Butch manages to break the ropes and chair holding him and knocks out the Gimp. Ready to leave the pawn shop and Marsellus to his fate, Butch has an attack of conscience and procures a samurai sword and rescues Marsellus; in the process, Maynard is killed and Zed emasculated by a shotgun blast fired by Marsellus. Marsellus stays behind to oversee the torture-execution of Zed ("I'ma get medieval on your ass," he tells him), but promises that as long as Butch never mentions what happened and never returns to Los Angeles, Marsellus will forget that Butch betrayed him in the boxing ring. Butch agrees. In the final scene, Butch and Fabienne leave town on Grace, Zed's chopper-style motorcycle. Story #3: The Bonnie Situation Three days earlier, flashing back in time to just after Vincent and Jules finish killing Brett for stealing Marsellus' prized possession, a gang member (Alexis Arquette) they had not known about bursts out of the bathroom where he had apparently been when Jules and Vincent entered and empties a large pistol point blank at them. However, all of the bullets miss Vincent and Jules, hitting the wall behind them, so they return fire and kill the gang member. Jules is certain what occurred was divine intervention, but Vincent dismisses the idea. They leave with Marvin ( Phil LaMarr ), Marsellus' inside man in the gang. In the car, Jules continues his insistence that what happened in the apartment was a miracle and that he's retiring from Marsellus' gang. Vincent leans over the front seat, asking Marvin if he believes in miracles, but accidentally shoots him in the head and kills him. The inside of the car is now covered in blood and brain matter. Jules, furious at Vincent's klutziness, drives to the house of his only friend in the Valley, a former colleague named Jimmie ( Quentin Tarantino ). Jimmie lets them hide the car in his garage but angrily tells them that they have to get rid of the body within an hour -- before his wife Bonnie comes home from her night shift at a hospital. Jules calls Marsellus at his home to explain their predicament. Marsellus then calls Winston Wolf ( Harvey Keitel ), a suave and professional "cleaner" who solves problems. Wolf arrives at Jimmie's house and tells Vincent and Jules how to clean up the car and themselves -- they have to strip out of their business suits, be sprayed down with a garden hose and wear Jimmie's spare T-shirts and shorts (which explains their attire at the strip club) -- then helps them dispose of the car and body at a junkyard belonging to a discreet friend named Monster Joe, whose daughter is Mr. Wolf's girlfriend. With the whole situation resolved, Jules and Vincent decide to have breakfast at the Hawthorne Grill, where they continue their discussion about miracles. Jules reveals his plan to leave his criminal life and travel the globe as a mendicant, helping those suffering under tyranny. Vincent, upset that his friend and partner is leaving the life, mocks him, then goes to the bathroom. Just then Honey Bunny and Pumpkin (from the prologue) begin their robbery of the diner. They furiously collect the cash from the register and the patrons' wallets. Jules gives Pumpkin his wallet, but when Pumpkin tries to take Marsellus' briefcase, Jules pulls his gun and disarms Pumpkin. While Vincent holds Honey Bunny at bay, Jules explains to Pumpkin how, even earlier that morning, he would have killed Pumpkin and Honey Bunny without a second thought. He recites his ersatz version of Ezekiel 25:17 again: "The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the iniquities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who in the name of charity and good will shepherds the weak through the valley of darkness, for he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know my name is the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you." Jules explains that while he previously thought it was cool to make such a cold-blooded passage the last thing his victims heard, he now realizes that the "tyranny of evil men" part of the passage refers to him, and he intends to become a better person. He and Vincent allow Honey Bunny and Pumpkin to leave with all the money but not the briefcase. They leave the diner themselves and head to Marsellus' strip club. 
 Kill Bill: Vol. 1 (2003)761) After awakening from a four-year coma, a former assassin wreaks vengeance on the team of assassins who betrayed her. The lead character, called 'The Bride,' was a member of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, led by her lover 'Bill.' Upon realizing she was pregnant with Bill's child, 'The Bride' decided to escape her life as a killer. She fled to Texas, met a young man, who, on the day of their wedding rehearsal was gunned down by an angry and jealous Bill (with the assistance of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad). Four years later, 'The Bride' wakes from a coma, and discovers her baby is gone. She, then, decides to seek revenge upon the five people who destroyed her life and killed her baby. The saga of Kill Bill Volume I begins. JD A young woman in El Paso, Texas, awakens after a four year long coma to find her baby daughter gone and immediately swears revenge on the people that put her in this position. As her story unfolds we learn that the mysterious woman had a really checkered past and was a member of an elite squad of assassins and highly trained in martial arts and advanced sword fighting. Her plans to get married and live a peaceful life were quickly taken away from her by her boss, known only as "Bill". Bill and the remaining members of his elite squad stage an attack on her wedding, leaving no witnesses behind. The woman, known only as "The Bride", heads to Pasadena, CA to confront another on her list, and then to Okinawa, Japan, where she meets a highly sought after blade maker named Hattori Hanzo. Hanzo, who had given up the craft several years ago, is reluctant to help The Bride at first, crafts her a new sword which she uses to take out her revenge. Now heading to Tokyo, The Bride sets her sight on the next member of her list - O'Ren Ishii, the head of the Japanese mafia, and her own private army who she used to carry out the attack on The Bride's wedding. Will The Bride carry out her plans and give Bill his just desserts? halo1k "The Bride" was the deadliest assassin of the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, until the day she decided to leave the business, assume a new identity, and get married. But it was on the day of her marriage that her old "friends" - O-Ren Ishii, Vernita Green, Budd, and Elle Driver, not to mention her boss, Bill - find her and assassinate the entire ceremony while Bill shoots her in the head, putting her in a coma. Well, Bill and his people should have tried a little harder because, after four years, the Bride has awakened from her coma. And Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned... Will Beatrix Kiddo a.k.a The Bride is a female assassin, a trained killer who has been betrayed by The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad led by her former boss Bill who gunned her down at her wedding leaving her for dead. The Bride awakes four years later and she sets out to begin her quest for vengeance. With help of one of Bill's former tutors, retired sword maker Hattori Hanzo, The Bride sets out to eliminate her first two targets on her list: Vernita Green, who has retired from the Deadly Viper Assassin Squad and has a daughter and O-Ren Ishii, who is now the kingpin of the Toyko criminal underworld and leader of the "Crazy 88" crime gang. The Bride, engaging in a roaring rampage of revenge, will not rest until every member of The Deadly Viper Assassin Squad is dead and she will save Bill for last. Daniel Williamson The Deadly Viper Assassination Squad consists of five most deadly killers, led by Bill. There is O'Ren-Ishii as Cottonmouth, Elle Driver as California Mountain Snake, Vernita Green as Copperhead, Budd as Sidewinder. And there is The Bride, whose name is not spoken, who wanted to quit because she was pregnant. One day, somewhere in the Texas desert, The Bride wanted to marry the love of her life. Then Bill and her former colleagues showed up and killed everyone there. But they did not do a good enough job: The Bride survives, barely, and is in a coma for four years. Her colleagues know this but won't kill her in her sleep, it would just ruin the reputation. One day, The Bride awakens. For her, not a second has consciously passed, and after she realizes all the things that have happened, The Bride decides to take revenge. Bloody revenge. On each single one of those who betrayed her. First on her death list is Cottonmouth, who has become the yakuza boss of Tokyo, Japan, second in line is Copperhead, who chose a more decent life as well. The Bride sets out to take back what was once hers: Her life. Chris Goodrich Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Before the credits we learn that the film is about the Deadly Viper Assassination Squad, which has five members. A quotation gives the flavour: "Revenge is a dish best served cold". In monochrome, a gasping, blood-covered bride ( Uma Thurman ) looks up from a chapel floor. A hand wipes her face using a handkerchief with the name Bill in the corner, while a male voice explains that what he is about to do is not a sadistic act, but a masochistic one. Just before he shoots her in the head, the Bride tells Bill ( David Carradine ) that the baby she carries is his. A gunshot is heard and the opening credits begin, backed by the song "Bang Bang". Chapter 1: #2. Pasadena. The Bride drives up in a yellow and red pickup truck, outside a suburban home and strolls to the front door. As she rings, a flashback shows the Bride crashing to the floor and looking up to see the face of one of her attackers, Vernita Green ( Vivica A. Fox ). As soon as the door is open, the Bride's fist crashes into Vernita's face. A savage fight follows, first with fists, then with knives. The fight pauses when a school bus draws up outside and a little girl walks through the door. The antagonists hide their knives and pretend nothing is amiss despite the wreckage around them. They both reassure the child, Nikki ( Ambrosia Kelley ). The Bride mentions that she used to have a child who would be the same age as Nikki (four). Vernita sends the girl to her room. At this point Vernita is introduced as a member of the Deadly Vipers, codename Copperhead. The Bride is also a member, codename Black Mamba. The Bride makes clear that she is here for revenge but promises not to kill Vernita in front of her child. They plan a fight later, but while Vernita is preparing cereal for her child she fires a concealed gun at the Bride. She misses and the Bride kills her with a thrown knife. The child walks in, a witness to her mother's death. The Bride apologises but explains that her mother had it coming to her. She tells Nikki that if, when she grows up, she can't get past the killing, she should come find the Bride. "I'll be waiting," the Bride promises. She returns to the pickup, which is emblazoned with the words Pussy Wagon, crosses Vernita's name from a list headed "Death List Five," and drives away. Chapter 2: The Blood Splattered Bride Four years earlier in an El Paso wedding chapel, police are investigating a mass murder. The sheriff ( Michael Parks ) drives up and is told that there has been an execution-style massacre leaving nine bodies, including the bride, the groom, the preacher and his wife, the guests, and even the piano player. The sheriff strolls around commenting on the massacre, stops near the bride, and remarks on how good-looking she was. He immediately recognizes the name she was using, Arlene Machiavelli, as an alias. As he kneels to look more closely at her, she suddenly (perhaps unintentionally) spits in his face. We see her rushed to a hospital, where she lies in a deep coma. A smartly dressed blonde woman walks through the hospital, whistling a tune. She finds a changing room and emerges dressed as a nurse with a red-cross patch over one eye and carrying a tray with a syringe. A title identifies her as Elle Driver ( Daryl Hannah ) of the Deadly Vipers, codename California Mountain Snake. She stands over the comatose Bride and says that her gift is to allow her to die in her sleep. As she prepares to inject the contents of the syringe into the Bride's IV line, her mobile phone rings. It is Bill, who orders her to abort the mission in view of the Bride's survival of their previous efforts to assassinate her, and because it would lower them. Elle is furious, but does as ordered and leaves. Four years later, the Bride is still lying in a coma. A mosquito bites her and she sits up with a shriek. In a flashback she sees a gun pointing at her and a bullet approaching in slow motion. She begins to feel her body, first noticing the metallic sound of her skull and then feeling the absence of the baby in her womb. She shrieks again and sobs pitifully. When she hears approaching footsteps, she lies back and pretends to be still in a coma. An orderly ( Michael Bowen ) enters, accompanied by a large trucker ( Jonathan Loughran ). The orderly explains that, for $75, this attractive woman is available for whatever the trucker wants. The man pays up and is told that he can do anything as long as he doesn't leave any marks. The orderly leaves and the man climbs on top of the Bride. As he starts to kiss her she bites down on his lower lip and severs it in a profusion of blood. He's left unconscious or dead. The Bride tries to get out of bed but collapses as her legs will not support her. When she hears the orderly returning she picks up a knife and crawls behind the door. He enters and stands aghast at the carnage and the empty bed. She slashes his heel and he falls to the floor. Then, slamming the door into his head, she demands to know where Bill is. She reads the name Buck on the orderly's name tag, which triggers memories of his earlier assaults on her. She gives him a couple more violent blows with the door, perhaps killing him, then searches him for his car keys. The key fob says "Pussy Wagon" in distinctive pink script. Propelling herself to the basement car park in a wheelchair, the Bride is able to identify Buck's yellow pickup because it says "Pussy Wagon" on the back. She hauls herself in and starts the long process of getting her legs moving again. A shot of the rest of the Deadly Vipers gang introduces O-Ren Ishii ( Lucy Liu ), codename Cottonmouth, now head of the Tokyo yakuza. Chapter 3: The Origins of O-Ren Ishii In anime format, the film follows O-Ren's development from the age of nine, when she witnessed the murder of her parents. Her father, an American military officer, had tried to fight off several yakuza henchman, but was killed. The yakuza leader, a sleazy old man, Matsumoto, also brutally murders O-Ren's Japanese mother. The last of Matsumoto's men lights a fire in the room, letting the house burn to the ground. O-Ren survives and avenges the murders at age 11 in blood-spouting style, taking advantage of Matsumoto's pedophilia. She grows up to be a world-class assassin. Meanwhile 13 hours have passed and the Bride has regained use of her legs, so she sets out on her revenge trail. We see her flying to Okinawa. Chapter 4: The Man from Okinawa The Bride enters a Japanese sushi bar and there is a longish scene with the jovial bar-keeper and some slapstick action with his assistant. Things get serious when she tells the bar-keeper that she is looking for him, Hattori Hanzo ( Shin'ichi Chiba ). She explains that she needs some "Japanese steel" to kill vermin. He shows her to his attic where he keeps an array of the katanas (swords) he has made. When she tries one out he says that they are not for sale and he has sworn not to make any more "instruments of death". She explains that her "vermin" is a former pupil of his and he correctly guesses that she means Bill. He agrees to make her a sword, which will take a month. He suggests the Bride spend that time training. A month later we see Hanzo examining the new sword, which he believes is his finest work. He hands it to her in a small and solemn ceremony where he admits he broke his personal pact not to make any more swords but has done so because he supports the Bride's mission. Chapter 5: Showdown at the House of Blue Leaves The film returns to O-Ren and shows her as newly elected Head of the Council of all the yakuza bosses. When one objects to her election on the grounds of her mixed-race origin (she is Chinese/Japanese-American), she immediately beheads him and warns the others never to disparage her heritage in any way or they'll suffer the same fate. We are introduced to O-Ren's lieutenants: her French-Japanese lawyer Sofie Fatale ( Julie Dreyfus ), another of Bill's protges; her teenage bodyguard Gogo Yubari ( Chiaki Kuriyama ), a vicious killer sporting a plaid-skirted school uniform; and Johnny Mo ( Chia-Hui Liu , credited as Gordon Liu), the head of her strongarm men, the Crazy 88. The Bride flies into Tokyo and appears in yellow leathers and helmet riding a yellow motorbike while O-Ren and her motorcade are heading for a restaurant. The Bride spots Sofie in her car and there is a flashback to Sofie calmly taking a call on her mobile while the Bride and her party were being slaughtered. O-Ren and her immediate subordinates arrive at the restaurant and are ushered upstairs to a private dining room by the obsequious owners. At the bar, the Bride sits quietly and watches. O-Ren and her party are enjoying themselves when O-Ren senses something threatening. She throws a small dart with a red tassel through the paper wall to lodge in a beam in the hallway outside, startling the Bride, who is lurking near the private room. O-Ren sends Gogo to look around, but the Bride has braced herself against the ceiling and Gogo doesn't see her. The Bride enters the toilet and while stripping off her leathers, hears "Auld Lang Syne," the distinctive ring-tone of Sofie's mobile. With Sofie in tow, the Bride loudly announces her presence from the restaurant floor, which brings O-Ren and her party rushing out onto the balcony. While they watch she slashes off one of Sofie's arms and pandemonium ensues as the diners and staff flee. O-Ren sends her lieutenants down singly or in groups to kill the Bride, but all end up being cut apart. The final defender is Gogo, who opposes the Bride's sword with a ball and chain in a vicious fight, ending when the Bride kills Gogo by embedding a broken, nail-studded table leg in her temple. Before O-Ren and the Bride can engage, the roar of motorbikes is heard and the Crazy 88 pour in. The ensuing battle of one against many is long, balletic and bloody but finally only one of the 88 remains -- the youngest -- and the Bride sends him off with a spanking. She announces to the defeated Crazy 88 that they may leave, but they must leave behind their severed limbs, which belong to her now. She also orders Sofie to stay. Outside in the snow, the Bride and O-Ren fight it out in a long and evenly-matched sword-fight. At the start of the fight, O-Ren casts doubt on the provenance of the Bride's sword. The Bride wins by slicing off the top of O-Ren's head; before she dies, O-Ren apologizes for an earlier insult and remarks that the sword must really be a Hanzo. Later, the Bride crosses O-Ren's name from her list. The Bride loads Sofie into a car and drives to a point where she can roll her down a snowy slope to a hospital. The Bride has tortured Sofie, cutting off her other arm for information on the whereabouts of the other Vipers and Bill. As the Bride draws up her "Death List Five," we see Sofie, talking to someone whose face is not seen but who is clearly Bill. She tells Bill that under threat of having more limbs cut off, she has told the Bride everything she knows. She explains that the Bride kept her alive just so she could tell Bill in person all that happened and warn him that soon all of them would be dead. Bill's final words are "Is she aware that her daughter is still alive?" To be continued.... 
 Batman & Robin (1997)761) Batman and Robin try to keep their relationship together even as they must stop Mr. Freeze and Poison Ivy from freezing Gotham City. Batman and Robin are back working side-by-side to stop the villains of Gotham City, but is there tension appearing between them, especially when one villainess who calls herself Poison Ivy can make anyone fall in love with her...literally. Along with Poison Ivy, the icy Mr. Freeze is freezing anything which gets in his way from achieving his goal. FilmFanUk For quite some time, the Dynamic Duo of Batman and Robin work to continuing the mission of protecting Gotham City from evil forces. But now their relationship is challenged when they must fight the villainous duo of icy Mr Freeze and venemous Poison Ivy who seek to freeze Gotham and repopulate it with mutant plants. At the same time, the heroes must find a way to cure their sick butler Alfred while they also receive some help from new heroine Batgirl. Blazer346 Mr. Freeze plans on taking Gotham City hostage by freezing the town into a permanent winter. In the meantime, a new seductive villainous, Poison Ivy, has appeared to cause a rift in the partnership of Batman & Robin. While all this is happening, faithful butler Alfred is dying. Mr. Freeze holds the key to save his life. Enter Batgirl to help save the day. Humberto Amador New troubles have arisen in Gotham City. First, there's a new super villain in town: Mr. Freeze, a former doctor whose blood is laced with cryogenic liquid, causing him to be cold in look and feeling who plans to freeze Gotham until he gets the money needed to finish finding the cure for a mysterious disease that has stricken his wife. Second, Poison Ivy, a villainess with luscious lips full of venom, has arrived in Gotham with her hulking servant, Bane, with plans to team up with Freeze and prepare the way for genetically enhanced plants. Third, Ivy has caused a rift between the partnership of the Dark Knight and the Boy Wonder. And finally, Alfred, Batman's trusted butler, has developed the same disease that Freeze's wife has. It is in this time of need that a new partner, Batgirl, steps forward to help the two rid the city of evil once more. Will The 4th installment on the Batman franchise, this one centers around the villain Mr. Freeze who has gone evil because of the near death of his wife, Lady Fries. Also introducing Poison Ivy, the deadliest plant-lover in the world who will get pissed-off if you "fool with Mother Nature". Poison Ivy, whilst controlling the strong, buff villain Bane develops into Mr. Freeze's sidekick while ironically she only causes trouble between The Dark Knight himself and The Boy Wonder. The villains plot to freeze Gotham and to be the only remaining humans on the planet. But Batman and Robin must come together despite their differences and their butler Alfred's deadly illness that only Freeze has the cure for. They find help from heroine, Batgirl while they plan to defeat Freeze, Ivy, and Bane. Shawn Gilson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Gotham City, Batman and Robin attempt to stop Mr. Freeze from stealing a cache of diamonds, but he escapes. The Dynamic Duo soon learn that Mr. Freeze was once a scientist named Victor Fries who became dependent on a diamond-powered subzero suit following an accident in a cryogenics lab he was using to find a cure for his wife, Nora Fries, who was suffering from a terminal illness called MacGregor's Syndrome. In South America, Pamela Isley is working under Dr. Jason Woodrue, a mad scientist who is experimenting with the Venom drug. She witnesses Woodrue use the formula to turn a diminutive convict into a hulking monstrosity dubbed "Bane". Woodrue and Isley argue over the use of the drug and Woodrue overturns a shelf of various toxins onto her. She transforms into the beautiful and seductive Poison Ivy before killing Woodrue with a kiss from her now-poisonous lips. She finds that Wayne Enterprises funded Woodrue, so she takes Bane with her to Gotham. Meanwhile, butler Alfred Pennyworth's niece, Barbara Wilson, makes a surprise visit and is invited by Bruce Wayne to stay at Wayne Manor until she goes back to school. Alfred is revealed to be suffering from MacGregor's Syndrome. Poison Ivy interrupts a Wayne Enterprises press conference to propose a project that could help the environment. Bruce Wayne declines her offer, as it would kill millions of people. That night, a charity event is held by Wayne Enterprises with special guests Batman and Robin in attendance. Poison Ivy decides to seduce them. Freeze crashes the party and steals a diamond from the event. He is captured and sent to a chamber prison in Arkham Asylum, but escapes with the help of Ivy and Bane. Freeze and Ivy return to his hideout to retrieve his diamonds and his wife. Ivy and Bane attack Batman and Robin who are investigating the hideout. Ivy finds Freeze's vulnerable wife suspended in cryosleep but deliberately cuts off her life support by kicking loose her power cord. Ivy leaves her to die and blames Batman which enrages Freeze. Robin becomes smitten with Ivy and begins to rebel against Batman. Ivy imprisons Robin when he does not give in to her charms; she also subdues Batman when he arrives to save his partner. Just then, Barbara - now a costumed crimefighter calling herself Batgirl - shows up and fights Ivy, eventually defeating her. Batman, Robin, and Batgirl decide to go after Freeze together. By the time they get to the observatory where Freeze and Bane are, Gotham is completely frozen. Robin and Batgirl confront Bane and defeat him, while Batman and Freeze begin to fight each other, with Batman winning. Batgirl and Robin unfreeze Gotham. Batman then shows Freeze a recording of Ivy during her fight with Batgirl, in which the former brags about killing Nora. Batman then tells Freeze that his wife is not dead; she has been restored in cryogenic slumber and moved to Arkham so he can finish his research. Batman asks Freeze for the cure he has created for the first stage of MacGregor's Syndrome for Alfred; Freeze atones for his misdeeds by giving him the medicine he had developed. Ivy is shown imprisoned in Arkham with a vengeful Freeze as her cellmate. Alfred is eventually healed. Everyone agrees to let Barbara stay at the mansion. The film closes as our three heroes run in front of the Bat-signal 