nm0008248:

 Gunga Jumna (1961)Summaries Gungaram, a poor, indebted farmer, works hard to educate his younger brother Jumna and make him a police officer. Years later, circumstances force Gungaram to become an outlaw and now the brothers confront each other as enemies. Widowed Govindi lives a poor lifestyle in Haripur along with two sons, Gungaram and Jumna. While Jumna is studious, Gungaram is the opposite, but has a good heart and decides to use his earnings to ensure his brother gets a decent education. After her employer, Hariram, accuses Govindi of theft, their house is searched, evidence is found, she is arrested, the entire village bails her out, but the shock kills her. After her passing, Gungaram works for Hariram while Jumna goes to the city to study. During the course of his studies, he is forced to sell off all his belongings when Gungaram fails to provide him with any funds. He does continue to study, and after completing them becomes a police officer. He is then given his first assignment, which is none other than in Haripur itself, and it is here that he will be forced to confront Gungaram, who is now an ex-convict, jailed for theft, and now is the leader of a dreaded band of killer bandits. Watch what impact Jumna's presence will have on Haripur and especially on Gungaram. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lagaan: Once Upon a Time in India (2001)66) The people of a small village in Victorian India stake their future on a game of cricket against their ruthless British rulers. This is the story about the resilience shown by the Indians when they were under the British Rule. They are already taxed to the bone by the British and their cronies, but when Jack Russell announces that he will double the Lagaan (tax) from all villagers, they decide to oppose it. Leading the villagers is a handsome young man named Bhuvan, who challenges them to a game of cricket, a game that is to be played by veteran British cricket players, versus villagers, including Bhuvan himself, who have never played this game before, and do not even know a bat from a piece of wood. As the challenge is accepted, the interest grows and attracts Indians from all over the region, as well as the British from all over the country - as everyone gathers to see the 'fair play' that the British will display against their counter-parts, who are aided by none other than the sister, Elizabeth, of Captain Rusell. Sumitra (corrected by Sonia) Sometime during latter half of the 19th century, a small village in North India is facing drought conditions. Captain Andrew Russell, the British captain of the nearby cantonment, demands double of the usual land tax (lagaan) from the villagers. When the villagers' representatives go to meet Captain Russell to discuss the situation, Capt. Russell challenges them to a game of cricket with his team after three months. A young villager Bhuvan accepts the challenge and starts to build his team of villagers for the showdown with their colonial rulers. Soumitra Set in India in the late-1800s, the local British rulers are imposing excessively high taxes on the local population. One of the local villagers has a run-in with the senior British officer, resulting in a cricket match between the British and the villagers. If the villagers win, they don't have to pay taxes for three years. If they lose, they have to pay three times their usual taxes. grantss The rains have failed, and the people of a small Indian village in Victorian India hope that they will be excused from paying the crippling land tax that their British rulers have imposed. Instead, the capricious British officer in charge challenges them to a game of cricket, a game totally alien and unknown to them. If they win, they get their wish; if they lose, however, the increased tax burden will destroy their lives. The people are terrified, but one man thinks the challenge is worth staking their entire future on. Will he convince the villagers to give it their best shot? sd268 Circa late 1800s, India is ruled and governed by the British. A small rural town is asked to pay it's annual taxes to a British army captain. The Rajah of this town, Puran Singh, pleads before Captain Andrew Russell to reduce the levy as monsoons had not been adequate and as a result crops had suffered. But the Captain does not agree. Taking advantage of the simple-minded townspeople, he magnanimously makes a offer to play cricket with their team, if they win then there will no taxes levied, but if they lose then they will end up thrice the amount of taxes. The Rajah returns to confer with his subjects. A young man by the name of Bhuvan tells the Rajah that he will make up a team and that the Rajah should accept the Captain's challenge. The Rajah delightedly does so, much to the glee and amusement of the Captain. Then begins the task of selecting a team. Bhuvan finds this to be a real challenge, as no one has really played cricket, they do not even own a bat or a ball. The selection of the team is marred with problems as to religion and caste, with some men saying that they will never play in the same team with a person of a lower caste. Nevertheless, Bhuvan pushes on, and does manage to come up with eleven men. Then begins the practice, and Bhuvan finds an ally in Elizabeth Russell, Captain Russell's sister, who agrees to coach them on the sly. The team uses a large stick in place of a bat, and a round stone as a ball. Each player is assigned certain tasks, and the tension reverberates as the day of the actual match draws closer. News get around, and people from miles around flock to watch this match. They are joined by several senior ranking British Officers. This match now has become a prestige issue, and the British High Command makes it known that it not stand to lose face at any cost. Finally, the day arrives. The match begins. Bhuvan and the Rajah hope that they have covered all potholes, and hope for a miracle. But what the two had not banked on was treachery at the hands of one of their very own players, who had accepted a bribe from Captain Russell, to ensure that the Indian team loses. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 China Gate (1998)Summaries 10 old exiled army men decide to free a village from an evil bandit Colonel Krishnakant Puri and his colleagues are all court-Marshall from the Indian army because they all are accused of aborting mission 'China-Gate'. 17 years later a young woman, Sandhya watch helplessly as a notorious bandit, Jageera crush her Forest Officer father, Sundar Rajan to death; this then forces her to approach Puri and his colleagues for assistance in liberating her village, Devdurg from the terror of Jageera. She lodges the battalion stay in an abandoned house in the village and provide them with all the necessary arms, ammunitions and materials needed to combat Jageera and they start there preparations and training for the mission; while at the same time their efforts are frustrated by the village police headed by the corrupt police inspector, Barot but they do manage to handle him. Then several attacks are launch on Devdurg by Jageera and his gang forcing Puri and his men to retaliate by the exchange of gun-battle which leaves many causalities on both sides. gavin (racktoo@hotmail.com) After witnessing the brutal slaying of her Forest Officer father, Sunder Rajan, at the hands of dreaded dacoit Jageera, Sandhya goes to Colonel Krishnakant Puri and asks for his assistance in bringing an end to Jageera's rule in the Devdurg region. Krishnakant agrees to assist her, and summons about a dozen of his fellow officers and subordinates to assist him. They all assemble at Devdurg with all the necessary ammunitions and arms to combat Jageera, not realizing that Jageera has influence over the local police detachment, who will prevent Puri and his men to possess any guns and weapons. This does not deter Puri and his men, and they continue to stay on in Devdurg and gain the confidence of the villagers. What the villagers do not know that Krishnakant and his men had all been dishonorably discharged from the army for cowardice and retreating when attacked by the enemy. Will Puri and his men abandon Devdurg and let history repeat itself? rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Khakee (2004)761) A team of police force escorts an alleged terrorist from Chandangarh to Mumbai. However their trip turns into a deadly survival when an ex-cop tries to stop them to reach Mumbai. DCP Anant Shrivastav (Amitabh Bachchan) has been assigned the mission to escort terrorist Iqbal Ansari (Atul Kulkarni) from Chandangarh to Mumbai. His terrorist organization are determined to obtain him again. The plan for this is led by Yashwant Angre (Ajay Devgan), a ruthless killer and a former police officer. Anant's team consists of Inspector Shekhar Sachdev (Akshay Kumar), rookie cop Ashwin Gupte (Tusshar Kapoor) and two more inspectors. Soon Mahalakshmi (Aishwarya Rai) joins them as she is the only witness to have seen Yashwant. The team are armed and ready to go but danger lurks everywhere as the terrorist organization are determined to make sure the officers do not make it to Mumbai. The trip turns into survival when the team are attacked at various times. Finally the team make it to an abandoned cottage in the forest but there is a shoot out and the team are heavily outnumbered. Shekhar tries to force an exchange but against Anant's and Ashwin's judgement. Finally Ansari, after weeks of frustration, reveals that the terrorists are also out to kill him. He reveals a corrupt world involving the police and politicians. The officers soon realize the enemy they have been fighting is closer to them...In the end, Shekhar is killed by Mahalakshmi and her associate Angre. This killing spites anger into Anant and he hunts down each one of the corrupt officers and in the end, captures Angre after a fight during which, Despite Anant needing his medication often, he wins, and Angre is successfully captured. The movie ends as Angre is tried and sentenced to prison, and is being carried to his sentence; when he decides to flee, as a nut is lose in the bar to which he is handcuffed in the police van. Angre has Ashwin on gun point using a constable's rifle, when Ashwin reveals that Angre's lose nut was a setup to allow the killing of Angre, and that the bullets of the rifle had been emptied. Ashwin then shoots Angre, and reports his death as murder in an encounter. gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com DCP Anant Shrivastava is assigned to get a terrorist Ansari from Chandangarh to Mumbai who was responsible for rights in that region.He appoints his special team constable's Sawant and,Mahtre,A young and honest Cop Ashwin and the corrupt , womanizer Cop Shekar.Upon reaching the place a women name Mahalakshmi informs them about some terrorist activities in that region.Mahalakshmi wants to reach Mumbai so the team takes her along for her safety in the vehicle transporting Ansari.Anant notices that their moves are frequently monitored and finds that a former corrupt cop Angre is behind it whom Anant had suspended and now is given task of killing Ansari.Anant bound by his duty wants to save him but Shekar feels he is risking everyone's life by doing this and has tiff with him.Ansari then reveals the truth that he isn't a terrorist but a doctor who helped needy during Chandangarh riots and found evidence of a minister related to those riots so was framed as terrorist and same minister has made all of them a scapegoat in his plan by hiring Angre to kill them. alex.mjacko@gmail.com On the last leg of his career, DCP Ananth Srivastava is assigned to escort apprehended terrorist Dr. Iqbal Ansari from Chandangarh to Mumbai to face trial, post which Ananth can retire with a promotion to Additional Commissioner. His team comprises of the greedy Senior Inspector Shekhar Verma, newly joined idealist Sub-Inspector Ashwin Gupte and Constables Sawant and Mhatre. Once in Chandangarh, the team links up with Mahalaxmi, a woman who can identify members of Ansari's suspected syndicate. However, Ananth and his team barely escape booby traps set to eliminate them. It's on the return journey to Mumbai that Ananth realises the enemy is someone who anticipates his team's every move and will stop at nothing in order to get to Ansari, with more shocking revelations in the fray, which would test not only the team's fighting abilities, but their faith in the Law and Police system as a whole. ankit-singh92 DCP Anant Shrivastav, along with his team Shekhar Sachdev and Ashwin Gupte, have been assigned to escort dangerous terrorist and ISI agent Iqbal Ansari from Chandigarh to Mumbai. But there is an unseen enemy who does not want this group to reach Mumbai. annonymous It started as a routine mission to escort hardened terrorist and ISI agent Iqbal Ansari from Chandanghad to Mumbai. It ended as a nightmare. The first escort team of police officers was ambushed midway, blown to bits. But a brave officer managed to ensure that Ansari did not escape. Now another team was being sent to do this job from Mumbai. DCP Anant Shrivastav "The Professor". A Police officer in the winter of his career, a failure in the establishment's eyes and more important, in his own. Now on the eve of his daughter's wedding, Shrivastav was being given this crucial assignment. This was his one last chance to do something. Make a difference. Sr. Inspector Shekhar Sachdev. Street-smart, brave, but rotten to the core. He didn't want part of any suicide mission, but he had no choice. Forced on the mission, he made his own agenda. Sub Inspector Ashwin Gupte. A young middle class rookie office on his first serious assignment, full of ambitions, hopes, values, good intentions. He was going to find out the hard way that there was a massive difference between training school and the ground reality of the harsh, corrupt and violent world out there. Three officers accompanied by two constables, now given the charge of escorting a dreaded terrorist, and a crucial witness in the case against him, from Chandanghad to Mumbai. A group of men all fighting their own demons who were going to confront some very, very real ones. Because someone out there didn't want them to get to Mumbai. A nameless, faceless enemy who lurked in the shadows, who was always one step ahead of them. An enemy who would do all he could to stop them. Whatever it took. A three day assignment would become a never-ending nightmare. An overnight journey would become a journey into a dark world of brutality, corruption, conspiracies and terror, a journey into fear. Where nothing was as it seemed, everyone was for sale and no one could be trusted. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Khakee is the story of ACP Anant Kumar (Amitabh Bachchan). Anant is soon placed on a deadly mission to escort terrorist suspect Iqbal Ansari (Atul Kulkarni) to Mumbai where the latter will be tried in court. Joining Anant is Inspector Shekhar Verma (Akshay Kumar) and Sub-inspector Ashwin Gupte (Tushaar Kapoor). On the other hand, the team are being followed by a group of terrorists lead by Yashwant Angre (Ajay Devgan) who will stop at nothing to ensure Ansari is dead. 