nm0006199:

 Overspel (20112015)Summaries After a photographer and a lawyer start a steamy affair, their lives and those around them get entangled in dirty business and family secrets. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Boy Ecury (2003)Summaries Black Businessman Dundun Ecury from Aruba arrives in the Netherlands after World War II to search for the body of his son Boy, who was executed by the Nazis because of his work as a resistance fighter. Mr.Ecury has only one thing to go on: Boy died with a smile on his face. Sherman de Jesus When Boy was fifteen years old, his father, businessman Dundun Ecury from Aruba, sent him to boarding school in The Netherlands. When the 2nd World War breaks out, Boy joins the resistance. Just before the liberation, he is executed by the Germans. Ten years later Dundun Ecury arrives in the post-war Netherlands to search for the body of his son. He has only one thing to go on: Boy died with a smile on his face. Dundun's search leads to a confrontation with Ewoud, the suspected murderer of his son. He realises, to his annoyance, that he starts to project the care and love for Boy onto Ewoud. Then Ewoud makes a painful revelation. Sherman de Jesus It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Amphibious Creature of the Deep (2010)Summaries Marine biologist Skylar Shane hires an expat charter boat captain, Jack Bowman, to help her find prehistoric life form samples in the north Sumatran Sea. During the expedition, they run into some of Jack's 'friends', a gang of smugglers headquartered on a fishing platform in the middle of the sea. Tamal, an orphan sold into servitude on the fishing platform by his uncle, a 'Dukun' (sorcerer and master of black magic) shaman, begs Skylar to take him away. She empathizes with the boy, who reminds her of her lost daughter, Rebecca, and is determined to help him, not knowing what lurks beneath the dark inky water, waiting to surface. Ever since Tamal arrived, mysterious things begin to happen, until one by one the smugglers will be killed by the terrifying creature from the deep. In the middle of an eerie, violent storm, the animus inside Tamal grows stronger, calling for the ancient creature of his nightmares. Now Skylar and Jack must battle the terror - once locked deep in the abyss by an old civilization, as it is now about to resurface. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Cave (2001)Summaries Psychological thriller. Geography teacher smuggles a case of heroin for a friend. Psychological thriller. For a manipulative childhood friend, a geographer smuggles a suitcase of heroin to an Asian city. The woman he hands the smuggled goods to says, just like him, not to have any experience in the drugs trade. How did these people come to this? Anonymous It was on camp in The Ardennes, Belgium that shy Egon Wagter's life took shape. He discovered his fascination for geology and met two important people. Axel van der Graaf, an adventurous daredevil, who drags Egon everywhere he doesn't want to be, and Marjoke, the love of his life. With Marjoke he loses contact, but Axel will cross paths with Egon many times. While Axel makes a career in crime, Egon's dreams are shattered when there's no funding for him to become a geologist. He is forced to take up a teacher job and it doesn't give him satisfaction. A final opportunity comes along, when there's an opening in an American geologist team, but once again he does not have enough money. He takes a giant risk. Arnoud Tiele (zelva@tiele.nl) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 