nm0006539:

 Liebling, lass uns scheiden! (2010)211) Let's Get Divorced, Darling! Franziska Klaus (42) wants to divorce her husband Oliver (47). He is convinced that she has another guy. As a successful business woman Franziska would have plenty of opportunities. Whereas he, Oliver, looks after the house and their children, Anna (15) and Tim (17). But Franziska is only flirting with Maik, the junior consultant in the company. While Oliver sacrificed his dreams of being a painter in favor of his wife's career. While Franziska is in London with Maik, on business, Oliver meets his French teenage love, Sophie. As an art dealer she encourages him to start painting again. By and by Oliver begins to emancipate from Franziska, and finds his old self again, the daredevil he used to be. At the same time, in London, Franziska reconsiders - Oliver is Mister Right after all! But when she returns home she finds her husband ready for the divorce. She cannot believe it! He must have a lover, she is convinced. It is Sophie, who opens Oliver's eyes for she realizes that he still loves his wife and she could never take Franziska's place. So Oliver sets out to reconquer his wife! Bea Syz-Witmer Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lets Get Divorced, Darling! Franziska Klaus (42) wants to divorce her husband Oliver (47). He is convinced that she has another guy. As a successful business woman Franziska would have plenty of opportunities. Whereas he, Oliver, looks after the house and their children, Anna (15) and Tim (17). But Franziska is only flirting with Maik, the junior consultant in the company. While Oliver sacrificed his dreams of being a painter in favor of his wifes career. While Franziska is in London with Maik, on business, Oliver meets his French teenage love, Sophie. As an art dealer she encourages him to start painting again. By and by Oliver begins to emancipate from Franziska, and finds his old self again, the daredevil he used to be. At the same time, in London, Franziska reconsiders Oliver is Mister Right after all! But when she returns home she finds her husband ready for the divorce. She cannot believe it! He must have a lover, she is convinced. It is Sophie, who opens Olivers eyes for she realizes that he still loves his wife and she could never take Franziskas place. So Oliver sets out to reconquer his wife! 
 Ninja Warrior Switzerland (2018 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Dr. T & the Women (2000)Summaries A wealthy gynecologist's ideal life is thrown into turmoil when the women closest to him begin to affect his life in unexpecting ways. Dr. Sullivan Travis "Dr. T." is a wealthy Dallas gynecologist for some of the wealthiest women in Texas who finds his idealist life beginning to fall apart starting when his wife, Kate, suffers a nervous breakdown and is committed to the state mental hospital. Dr. T's eldest daughter, Dee Dee, is planning to go through with her approaching wedding despite the secret that she's a lesbian and is romantically involved with Marilyn, the maid of honor. Dr T's youngest daughter, Connie, is a conspiracy theorist freak who has her own agenda to everything, while Dr. T's loyal secretary, Carolyn, has romantic feelings for him, which are not mutual. Dr. T's sister-in-law, Peggy, meddles in every situation she stumbles into, while one woman, Bree, a golf instructor, is the only one who offers him any comfort and salvation. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 It's in the Water (1997)Summaries Residents of the fictional town of Azalea Springs, Texas go into a panic after a gay local says the town's water supply is what made him gay. In the small southern town of Azalea Springs, the country club set still rules. Here, being a member of "The League" is a must, big hair is still favored by the ladies who lunch, and only hair-dressers and interior designers are supposed to be gay. The addition of an AIDS facility in Azalea Springs has The League unsettled. And the announcement that their charity work will include contact with "those people" leaves them stunned. But the real frenzy begins with a drunken comment regarding the local drinking water. Rumor has it that the water is contaminated with something that actually "turns" people gay. Mix in Brother Daniel's "Homo-No-Mo" meetings, the local newspaper, and a group of rabid homophobic picketers, and you've got a recipe for panic. Heads reel. Women weep. Mothers, hide your children! In the midst of it all, we find Alex Stratton, a young woman dealing with a distant husband, an overbearing mother, and the tedium of meaningless society chatter and endless shoe critics. Going against her husband's and her mother's wishes, Alex accepts a job at the Hospice where she is reacquainted with Grace Miller, her best friend from high school who has returned to Azalea Springs after a nasty divorce. It is here that Alex falls out of 'grace' with society when the two are caught kissing in the Hospice supply room. Mark Anderson works at the local newspaper his father owns and regularly attends Brother Daniel's Turn-or-Burn meetings. As the rumor about the water and the protesters get plenty of front page coverage, Mark finds himself becoming involved with Tomas, a Latin house painter who mistakes the ex-gay meeting for an A.A. meeting. The events that unravel as a result of these two love affairs bear witness to what happens when hysteria and homophobia take control of their lives. Kelli Herd It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 