nm0000973:

 Coco (I) (2017)651) Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer. Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. Disney/Pixar Young Miguel simply loves music. But his family has a mysterious ban on anyone from their clan performing music. The ban dates back for many generations yet Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician just like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Longing to prove his musical talents, Miguel finds himself in the technicolor Land of the Dead. Along his way, he meets the charming trickster Hector, and together, they set out to find the real story behind his family's mysterious ban on music. DeAlan Wilson - ComedyEcom Rebellious Miguel, a twelve-year-old Mexican boy and hopeful musician, can't understand the family's continuing ban on all music, especially when his icon and the greatest guitar player ever, the deceased Ernesto de la Cruz, is the town's hero. However, when an inadvertent mistake on the sacred Day of the Dead magically transports Miguel to the distant and bustling Land of the Dead, the scoundrel skeleton, Hector, will lead the way through the vibrant underworld to help the young trespasser find a missing ancestor. But can they do it before sunrise? Nick Riganas An aspiring young guitar player, whose family has a classic hate for music, tries to find answers of his great Grandfather, which leads his search to his entrance to Tierra De Muertos, where all dead people get to live if they are remembered well. In there, the boy will not only discover his family's legacy, but his search will lead him to an unexpected truth in this Disney tale about love, hate, death, music, betrayal -- and most of all: Family. Ivo Byrt Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Santa Cecilia, Mexico, Imelda Rivera was the wife of a musician who left her and their 3-year-old daughter Coco, to pursue a career in music. She banned music in the family and opened a shoe-making family business. Ninety-six years later, her great-great-grandson, 12-year-old Miguel, now lives with Coco and their family. He secretly dreams of becoming a musician like Ernesto de la Cruz, a popular actor and singer of Coco's generation. One day, Miguel inadvertently damages the photo of Coco with her parents at the center of the family ofrenda and removes it, discovering that her father (whose face is torn out) was holding Ernesto's famous guitar. Concluding that Ernesto is his great-great-grandfather, Miguel ignores his grandmother Elena's objections and leaves to enter a talent show for the Day of the Dead. He enters Ernesto's mausoleum and steals his guitar to use in the show, but becomes invisible to everyone in the village plaza. However, he can see and be seen by his Xoloitzcuintli dog Dante and his skeletal dead relatives who are visiting from the Land of the Dead for the holiday. Taking him there, they realize that Imelda cannot visit as Miguel removed her photo from the ofrenda. Discovering that he is cursed for stealing from the dead, Miguel must return to the Land of the Living before sunrise or he will become one of the dead: to do so, he must receive a blessing from a member of his family using an Aztec marigold petal that can undo the curse placed upon him by stealing Ernesto's guitar. Imelda offers Miguel a blessing but on the condition that he abandon his musical pursuits when he returns to the Land of the Living; Miguel refuses and attempts to seek Ernesto's blessing. Miguel encounters Hctor, a down-on-his-luck skeleton who once played with Ernesto and offers to help Miguel reach him. In return, Hctor asks Miguel to take his photo back to the Land of the Living so he can visit his daughter before she forgets him and he disappears completely. Hctor attempts to return Miguel to his relatives, but Miguel escapes and infiltrates Ernesto's mansion, learning along the way that an old friendship between the two deteriorated before Hctor's death. Ernesto welcomes Miguel as his descendant, but Hctor confronts them, imploring Miguel to take his photo. Miguel soon realizes that Ernesto murdered Hctor using a poisoned drink and stole the songs he had written, passing them off as his own to become famous. To maintain his legacy, Ernesto steals the photo and has Miguel and Hctor thrown into a cenote pit. Miguel realizes that Hctor is his actual great-great-grandfather and that Coco is Hctor's daughter, the only living person who still remembers him. With the help of Dante - who turns into an alebrije - the dead Riveras find and rescue them. Miguel reveals that Hctor's decision to return home to her and Coco resulted in his death, and Imelda and Hctor reconcile. They infiltrate Ernesto's sunrise concert to retrieve Hctor's photo from Ernesto and expose his crimes. Ernesto is crushed by a falling church bell as in his previous life, but the photo falls into the water and disappears. As the sun rises, Hctor is in danger of being forgotten by Coco and disappearing. Imelda blesses Miguel with no conditions attached so he can return to the Land of the Living, where he plays a song for Coco that Hctor wrote for her during her childhood. The song sparks her memory of Hctor and revitalizes her, and she gives Miguel the torn-out piece of the photo from the ofrenda, which shows Hctor's face. Elena reconciles with Miguel, accepting both him and music back into the family. One year later, Miguel proudly presents the family ofrenda - featuring a photo of the now deceased Coco and the restored photo of Hctor and Imelda - to his new baby sister. Letters kept by Coco contain evidence that Ernesto stole Hctor's songs. As a result, Ernesto's legacy is destroyed and the community honors Hctor instead. In the Land of the Dead, Hctor and Imelda join Coco for a visit to the living Riveras as Miguel sings and plays for his dead and living relatives. 
 Law & Order (19902010)541) Follows a crime (usually a murder), usually adapted from current headlines, from two separate vantage points, the police investigation and the prosecution in court. Filmed on location in New York, the drama showcases the sometimes-complex process of determining guilt or innocence, while lives hang in the balance. Often inspired by the latest headlines, the plots highlight legal, ethical or personal dilemmas to which people can relate. The show follows a crime, ususally adapted from current headlines, from two separate vantage points. The first half of the show concentrates on the investigation of the crime by the police, the second half follows the prosecution of the crime in court. Mike Menditto In New York City, when a crime is committed, the victims are represented by two distinctly separate yet forever intertwined groups of people. There's the police department, represented here by the 27th precinct homicide detectives. It is their job to investigate the crime, collect evidence, interview witnesses and then, when the evidence points to a suspect or suspects, they will place them under arrest. The matter is then taken over by the prosecutors of the Manhatten District Attorney's office, who discuss deals and plea bargains, prepare the witnesses and evidence all whilst conducting the people's case in the trial of the accused. Both teams work together as well as with the Medical Examiners Office, Crime Lab and Police and District Attorney psychologists or psychiatrists. Matters are rarely resolved easily, or for the people involved, satisfactory. Crimes are committed which frequently create public unrest and controversy, race, morals and beliefs are frequently challenged and manipulated, the guilty can go unpunished and the innocent ruined forever. The detectives and prosecutors are weary, cynical, flawed, human and vulnerable. And, yet they are somehow still dedicated to their jobs, to make the guilty answer for their crimes and gain some sense of justice for the victim and the victim's family. These are their stories... Scott Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Law & Order episodes are typically segmented into two parts, roughly at the halfway point; the first part follows police and detective work, and the second follows the legal and courtroom proceedings of the case. The show dwells little on the characters' back-stories or social lives and focuses instead mainly on their involvement in the cases presented in each episode. For most of Law & Order's run, the cold open or lead-in of the show began with the discovery of a crime, usually a murder. The scene typically began with a slice of everyday life in New York City. Some civilians would then discover the crime victim, or sometimes the crime would occur in a public place and they would be witnesses or a victim of a crime. The only exception to this is in the early seasons, mostly Seasons 1 & 2, the crime would usually be discovered by a pair of uniformed officers on patrol or in later seasons when the cold open was replaced with rapid cuts of the victim's final moments, similar to Law & Order: Criminal Intent. The police are represented in the show by the New York City Police Department 27th Precinct Homicide Department. In the show, it is common that the detectives also investigate other cases other than homicide or attempted homicides like kidnappings and rape, the latter especially in the first nine seasons of the show before Law & Order: Special Victims Unit premiered. However, in the real world, these cases are handled by other units and divisions. The viewers are introduced to two homicide detectives, a senior detective (usually a veteran cop) and a junior detective (usually a young but capable detective), who report directly to their boss at their precinct (either a Lieutenant or a Captain). When they first arrive at the crime scene they are met by the first responding officer or a Crime Scene Unit (CSU) forensic technician, who will inform the two lead detectives on everything known at that point. It's during their preliminary crime scene examination that the featured detectives will make their first observations and come up with some theories followed by a witticism or two before the title sequence begins. The detectives often have few or no good clues-they might not even know the victim's identity-and must usually chase several dead ends before finding a likely suspect(s). They start their investigations at the crime scene by talking to any witnesses at the scene while the CSU technicians assist them in the processing of the crime scene as well as determining the proper routing of evidence between the Medical Examiner's office, the Crime Lab and the NYPD Property Clerks office. The CSU has many tools at their disposal to process a crime scene including the materials needed to develop fingerprints, cast footwear and tire impressions, follow the trajectory of bullets fired through windows and the chemicals necessary to observe blood under special lighting conditions that would otherwise be invisible to the naked eye. The unit is also trained to process a crime scene in a hazardous environment, for example following a nuclear, biological or chemical attack. The medical examiner (M.E.)'s office will also be shown to collect the body from the crime scene and will later perform an autopsy on the victim(s), offering more clues to the victim's cause and time of death (sometimes obtaining the victim's identity from dental records or fingerprints) which the detectives will read about in the M.E.'s autopsy report and by talking to the M.E. who performed it. When the detectives know the victim's identity they will inform their relatives or loved ones of their death and attempt to get more information on the victim's life and possible suspects. The detectives continue their investigation by interviewing witnesses and possible suspects, all the while tracing the victim's last known movements and victim's state of mind (by talking to the victim's family, friends and co-workers). Sometimes they will have someone they suspect of the crime and in checking their alibi they will trace the last known movements and the state of mind of the current suspect by talking to the people in the person(s) life until they are either ruled out or dead certain of the guilt of the person they suspect. In later seasons CCTV, GPS and Cell phone tracking might be used to trace suspect(s) and victim(s) movements by the Police. The detectives may even ask victims and witnesses to look through photographs in mug books or to view police lineups where they will try and identify the suspect(s). If gang or drug connections are suspected the detectives might talk to other Police units/squad specializing in those types of crimes. They may even approach Criminal Informants to see if they have heard anything on the street about the crime itself. The detectives also visit the crime lab to submit and view evidence (e.g. fingerprints, DNA and ballistics, etc.), they may also look into any background information such as financial details and criminal history on both the victim and lead suspect. In some instances, psychologists and/or psychiatrists are called in for insight into the criminal's behavior or modus operandi. All the while, the detectives report to their commanding officer, keeping them informed and being advised on how best to proceed next. When the detectives are certain they have the right suspect(s), the police will take the case to their boss, who decides if there is enough for a search and/or arrest warrant (though sometimes the commanding officer will consult with the New York City District Attorney's office to see if the case is strong enough) and whether or not any backup (such as uniformed officers or an armed tactical team) is needed. The detectives will then arrest the suspects(s) and read them their Miranda rights, though sometimes the police might have to chase the accused through the streets of New York. The scene might shift to the interrogation room where the detectives interrogate the suspect(s) until they either confess, ask for a lawyer, their defense attorney shows up and asks the suspect not to talk anymore, or the Assistant District Attorney from the D.A.'s office decides they have enough to press charges. The matter is then taken over by a pair of Prosecutors who represent the New York County District Attorney's Office, an Executive Assistant District Attorney (E.A.D.A) and an Assistant District Attorney (A.D.A). Unlike many other legal dramas (e.g., The Defenders, Matlock, Perry Mason and L.A. Law), the court proceedings are shown from the prosecution's point-of-view, with the regular characters trying to prove the defendant's guilt, not innocence. The two lead prosecutors will also consult at various stages of the trial with their boss, the district attorney, for advice on the case, as the D.A., being an elected official, sometimes brings political considerations to bear concerning decisions to prosecute the various alleged offenders. The A.D.A. is usually introduced in an arraignment court scene, in which the defendants plead (usually not guilty) and bail conditions are set. However, sometimes they might appear earlier in the episode during the police segment to arrange a plea-for-information deal or to decide if the detectives have enough evidence for search and/or arrest warrants. After the arraignment of defendants, the E.A.D.A. and A.D.A. will have a meeting with the accused and their defense attorney to discuss a plea bargain. The prosecutors will lay out the evidence against the accused, while the defense attorney will point out any holes in the D.A.'s case and point out alternative theories of the crime, or tell them about their defense strategies for court. The meeting usually ends with the plea bargain being ignored and the defendant and attorney deciding to take a chance in court, though these type of meetings might occur again later in the episode if new information is discovered. The prosecutors then proceed to prepare for the trial of the people's case in the New York Supreme Court. This may include legal research, preparing witnesses' testimonies, and sorting through relevant evidence. To strengthen their case, the team might conduct their own investigations, sometimes with help from the police, even though in real life, this would be done by the District Attorney's own Investigation Unit. Some episodes include legal proceedings beyond the testimony of witnesses, including motion hearings, often concerning the admissibility of evidence; jury selection; and allocations, usually as a result of plea bargains. Many episodes employ motions to suppress evidence as a plot device, and most of these end with evidence or statements being suppressed, often on a technicality. This usually begins with the service of the motion to the D.A. team, follows with argument and case citations of precedent before a judge in court, and concludes with a visual reaction of the winning or losing attorney. Sometimes, the motions might go before the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division, to get a conclusive judgment. During the trial, both the prosecution team (usually the E.A.D.A.) and lead defence attorney take turns arguing their cases in front of the jury. They both directly examine and cross-examine the witnesses asking them questions that support the arguments for their case or sowing seeds of doubt in their rival's case. Some of the people interviewed by the police in the first half (the witness's, previous suspects, and family members of both criminal defendant(s) and victim(s)) will return to be put on the stand to testify for either side, depending on which party has subpoenaed them. Also, professional testimony is given from the Medical Examiner's, Crime Lab technicians (including fingerprint analysts, DNA profilers and ballistics analysts), and psychologists or psychiatrists (if the defendant uses an insanity plea). They will also object when each other goes beyond the scope of what the law will allow, e.g. "leading/badgering the witness", "Assuming facts, not in evidence", etc. to which the judge will either sustain (allow) or overrule. The judge might even ask them to approach the bench or ask the two parties to meet in his chambers for further arguments away from a jury. Many episodes use outlandish defence scenarios such as diminished responsibility (e.g. "Genetics"/"Television"/"God"/"the devil made me do it" and intoxication defence) and temporary insanity (e.g. "Black Rage"/"White Rage"/"Sports Rage"). Some episodes revolve around moral and ethical debates including the "right to die" (euthanasia), the "right to life" (abortion), and the "right to bear arms" (gun control). Near the end of the trial, the jury will break to deliberate their verdict (off-screen) and if once agreed upon the trial will continue, with the jury foreperson reading out the final verdict (either guilty or not guilty) to the court. Either verdict will show the reaction of both parties with the guilty verdict showing the defendant being handcuffed by the bailiff and led away to await sentencing usually a prison term unless they are found insane, which usually means being sent to a secure psychiatric facility. If the defendant is found not guilty they will be released and will thank their attorney before rejoining their family. The audience will also see the prosecutors look at the family of the victim to see their reaction to the verdict whether positive or negative. The scene may then show the prosecution team leaving the office or court to go home while contemplating either the true guilt of the accused, the defense scenarios that were used, or the moral or ethical issue that was central to the episode. Alternatively, the final few minutes of the episode may be at the DA's office or detention facility whereby the prosecution makes a final plea offer to the defendant or the defense seeks one from the prosecution. In such a case, the defendant may or may not be shown allocating his or her crime to the court. In a few episodes, the final verdict or the outcome of any ensuing plea negotiations may not be known to the audience. 
 Traffic (2000)541) A conservative judge is appointed by the President to spearhead America's escalating war against drugs, only to discover that his teenage daughter is a crack addict. Two DEA agents protect an informant. A jailed drug baron's wife attempts to carry on the family business. An intertwined drama about the United States' war on drugs, seen through the eyes of a once conservative judge, now newly-appointed drug czar, his heroin-addicted daughter, two DEA agents, a jailed drug kingpin's wife, and a Mexican cop who begins to question his boss's motives. A modern day look at America's war on drugs told through four separate stories that are connected in one way or another. A conservative judge who's just been appointed as the US drug czar learns that his teenage honor student daughter is a drug addict. A beautiful trophy wife struggles to save her wealthy husband's drug business, while two DEA agents protect a witness with inside knowledge of the spouse's business. In Mexico, a slightly corrupt, yet dedicated cop struggles with his conscience when he learns that his new boss may not be the anti-drug official he made himself out to be. <MonkeyKingMA@aol.com> Intertwining vignettes frame this tale of America's escalating War on Drugs. Ohio Supreme Court judge Robert Wakefield has been appointed the nation's Drug Czar, his new position made more daunting by the discovery that his teenage daughter Caroline is a cocaine addict. Meanwhile, DEA agents Montel Gordon and Ray Castro are pursuing Helena Ayala, wife of jailed kingpin Carlos Ayala, as she seeks to the control the business that her husband had kept hidden from her. South of the Border, duplicious local constable Javier Rodriguez is fighting the battle with his own jaded, questionable ethical code. N. Cognito <nobody@noplace> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins in Mexico, where police officer Javier Rodriguez Rodriguez (Del Toro) and his partner, Manolo, stop a drug transport and arrest the couriers. Their arrest is interrupted by General Salazar (Milian), a high-ranking Mexican official. The general decides to hire Javier and instructs him to locate and apprehend Frankie Flowers (Collins, Jr.) a notorious hit man for the Tijuana Obregn Drug Cartel. Meanwhile, Robert Wakefield (Douglas), a conservative Ohio Judge, is appointed to be head of the President's Office of National Drug Control, taking the title of Drug Czar. Wakefield is warned by his predecessor and several influential politicians that the war on drugs is unwinnable. Unbeknownst to Wakefield, his honor student daughter, Caroline (Christensen) is using cocaine and falls victim to drug addiction when she is introduced to freebase cocaine by her boyfriend, Seth (Grace). She and Seth are arrested when another student at her high school overdoses on drugs and they try to dump him anonymously at a nearby hospital. Robert finds out that his wife Barbara (Irving) has known about their daughter's involvement with drugs for over six months. In the third plot line, which is set in San Diego, an undercover Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) investigation led by Montel Gordon (Cheadle) and Ray Castro (Guzmn), arrest Eduardo Ruiz (Ferrer), a high-stakes dealer posing as a fisherman. In the process, Ruiz is hospitalized and decides to risk the dangerous road to immunity by giving up his boss - drug lord Carlos Ayala (Bauer), the biggest distributor for the bregon brothers in the United States. Ayala is charged by a tough prosecutor, hand-selected by Wakefield in an attempt to send a message to the Mexican drug organizations through a conviction against the drug lord. Flowers is tortured and eventually gives Salazar the names of several important members of the bregon Drug Cartel, who are arrested in a large effort by police and army soldiers. Javier and Salazar's efforts start to cripple the bregon brothers cocaine outfit, but Javier and Manolo discover that Salazar is a pawn for the Jurez Cartel, the rival of the bregon brothers. The entire Mexican anti-drug campaign is a fraud, as Salazar is wiping out one cartel, not out of duty, but rather because he has aligned himself with another cartel for profit. Wakefield realizes that his daughter is a drug addict and finds himself caught between his demanding new position and his worrisome family life. When he heads to Mexico, he is encouraged by the successful efforts of Salazar against the bregon brothers. When he returns to Ohio, Robert learns that his efforts to see Caroline rehabilitated have failed, and she escaped into the city and no one knows her location. Secretly, she's forced to prostitute herself and rob her parents to procure money for drugs. As the trial against Carlos Ayala begins, Carlos' pregnant wife, Helena (Zeta-Jones) learns of her husband's true profession. With her husband facing life imprisonment, and death threats against her only child, she decides to hire Flowers to assassinate Eduardo Ruiz. She knows that killing Ruiz will effectively end the trial nolle prosequi. Javier's partner, Manolo, sells information to the DEA, but is killed for his betrayal. Javier, who can no longer stomach working for Salazar, decides to cut a deal with the only non-corrupt organization he has access to - the Federal Government of the United States and the Federal Bureau of Investigation. In exchange for his testimony, Javier requests electricity in his neighborhood, so that kids can play baseball at night rather than be tempted into street gangs and crime. General Salazar's secrets are revealed to the public. He is arrested and tortured to death shortly after. Wakefield begins a search for his daughter and drags along Seth after interrupting one of his classes. After being threatened and nearly killed by Caroline's regular dealer, he follows Seth to a seedy hotel room in Cincinnati and finds a semi-conscious Caroline prostituting herself to an older man. Wakefield returns to Washington, D.C., to give his prepared speech on a "10-point plan" to combat the war on drugs. In the middle of the speech, he falters, then tells the press that on a war on drugs is a war against many of our own family members, which he cannot endorse. He quits his job and heads home. Flowers' assassination attempt on Ruiz fails, when he himself is assassinated for his betrayal by a sniper working for the bregon Cartel. Helena, knowing that Ruiz is soon to testify, then makes a deal with Juan bregon (Bratt), lord of the drug cartel, who forgives the debt of the Ayala family. Helena gives bregon the formula and procedure to turn bregon cocaine into harmless-looking plastic rabbit dolls that are undetectable by DEA dogs and can be shipped across the Mexico/US border. bregon agrees to the deal and to the stipulation that Helena's husband will be the sole distributor of bregon cocaine in the United States. bregon also agrees to have Ruiz killed. Carlos Ayala is released, much to the discomfort of Montel Gordon, who lost his partner, Castro, when Frankie tried to assassinate Ruiz with a car bomb. Ruiz is eventually given poison-laced food in his hotel room and dies. Soon after, Montel bursts into the Ayala residence and illegally plants a microphone under one of the tables, before being kicked out. Robert and Barbara begin to go to Narcotics Anonymous meetings with their daughter, to support her and everyone else there. Javier takes the media to Mexico and explains what he can about the widespread corruption in the police force and army. The film concludes with him watching some Mexican children playing baseball at night, at their new stadium. 
 Miss Congeniality (2000)431) An F.B.I. Agent must go undercover in the Miss United States beauty pageant to prevent a group from bombing the event. Undercover F.B.I. Agent Gracie Hart shows no signs of having any femininity in her demeanor or appearance. Generally a bright and capable Agent, she is in trouble at work when she makes an error in judgment in a case which results in a near disaster. As such, one of her by-the-books colleagues, Eric Matthews, who has never shown any inclination of thinking outside the box, is assigned to lead the high profile case of a terrorist coined The Citizen instead of her, while she is facing possible disciplinary action. Gracie pieces together the evidence to determine that The Citizen's next target will be the Miss United States beauty pageant. The pageant represents everything that Gracie abhors. Despite Gracie's mannish demeanor, Eric, with no other undercover female Agent remotely fitting the demographic, assigns her to go undercover as a pageant contestant to see if she can flush out The Citizen, who is perhaps one of the other contestants. Although the pageant administration, led by former winner Cathy Morningside and long time host Stan Fields, provide the F.B.I. with access to the pageant, Cathy in particular is less than thrilled to have a non-credible Gracie posing as a contestant, which she feels will ruin the pageant. The F.B.I. enlist the assistance of former pageant contestant coach Victor Melling, who is facing his own disgrace associated with the pageant, to do the nearly impossible task of transforming Gracie, not only into a woman, but a credible beauty pageant contestant. As Gracie proceeds in the transformation, she gets to know the other contestants, not only as potential criminals, but also as real people. She also discovers that another sinister element is present at the pageant. She will do whatever it takes to quash that element and protect her new friends, namely the other innocent contestants. But now displaying some femininity, Gracie begins to have more womanly feelings, and in turn, attracts the attention of men, one in particular about whom she is happy. Huggo When a serial killer indicates that his next target is the Miss United States beauty pageant, the F.B.I. decides that they must get an undercover Agent as a participant in the contest. A search uncovers no suitable candidate other than a bumbling female Agent. Reluctantly, her Captain agrees to let her join the team working the case. The team is led by a womanizing Agent who has an apparent reluctant attraction to Bullock's character. She enters as Miss New Jersey, replacing a contestant who was discovered to have acted in a porn movie. The pageant managers are immediately aghast about the Agent appearing in the pageant, but arrange a top handler to come give her a quick make-over, with the expected outstanding results. Unfortunately, she still is bumbling. When the killer is suddenly caught, everything seems to be over, except the female Agent tries to convince her boss that something is still not right. She has discovered that the pageant managers are being dismissed after twenty-one years for younger people, and Bergen's character may not be as solid as she seems on the surface. John Sacksteder <jsackste@bellsouth.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in 1982 at a school where one boy is bullying another. We see Gracie Hart as a child ( Mary Ashleigh Green ) who steps in to the fight, beats up the bully and tries to help the victim, whom she likes. However, the boy feels humiliated about being rescued "by a girl" and rudely rejects her. She responds by punching the boy in the nose, then leaves to sulk alone. Many years later, Gracie Hart ( Sandra Bullock ) is a tough Special Agent working for the Federal Bureau of Investigation with Eric Matthews ( Benjamin Bratt ). In a sting operation against Russian mobsters, she disobeys the orders of her superior ( Ernie Hudson ) and tries to stop their target, a mob boss, from choking. Because of her actions one of her squad gets shot. As punishment, she is demoted to a desk job. The agency is soon alerted to a threat against the 75th annual Miss United States beauty pageant in San Antonio, Texas by a letter from a notorious domestic terrorist known only as "The Citizen". Eric is elected to lead the mission to stop a supposed attack. Eric relies on Gracie's suggestions, but ends up taking credit for them himself. One of Gracie's ideas is to plant an undercover agent at the event. A computer search identifies Gracie as the female FBI agent best qualified to take the role, and the cover for her is to be a replacement for Miss New Jersey, as the original would have been disqualified after she was discovered to have been in a porn film, although Gracie pays little attention to her femininity. Beauty pageant coach Victor Melling ( Michael Caine ), whose reputation was ruined after his last contestant criticized his methods, teaches the tomboyish Gracie how to dress, walk, and act like a contestant. She is unused to such behavior, however, and sees the pageant and its participants as "outdated and anti-feminist", but despite being appalled at first, she comes to appreciate Victor's thoroughness. Gracie enters the pageant as "Gracie Lou Freebush", representing New Jersey, and soon becomes an unexpected friend of Cheryl Frasier ( Heather Burns ), who is Miss Rhode Island. As the pageant begins, Gracie impresses the audience and judges during the talent competition by playing the glass harp and demonstrating self-defense techniques, when the other girls drink out of the glass harp. Several suspects are identified, including competition director and former pageant winner Kathy Morningside ( Candice Bergen ), her unpleasant assistant Frank Tobin ( Steve Monroe ), veteran MC Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) and Cheryl, who has a history of being a radical animal rights activist. Gracie tries to dig into Cheryl's past when she accompanies her to a party with the other contestants, but inadvertently finds out that Kathy's past as a pageant contestant is suspect when she learns about a previous contest that Kathy won after the contest's leader suddenly came down with food poisoning. Gracie comes to think that Kathy may actually be a copycat of "The Citizen", but when she reports these suspicions to Eric and the rest of the team, she finds out that "The Citizen" has been arrested elsewhere on an unrelated charge. With no further threat identified, the supervisor has pulled the mission, but Gracie still suspects that something is wrong, and turns in her badge and gun in order to continue the pageant investigation alone. Just as Eric is about to board the plane back to the Bureau, he receives information that appears to confirm Gracie's suspicions, and disobeys orders by returning to San Antonio to help her continue the investigation. In the pageant's final round, Gracie surprises everyone, including herself, by being named first runner-up, while Cheryl is crowned as Miss United States, but as she goes to collect the winner's tiara, Gracie realizes that Frank, who is actually Kathy's son, impersonated "The Citizen" when he made the bomb threat against the pageant. Gracie tries to tell Victor, but he just brightens her remarks up and doesn't take her seriously. She next tries constantly to whisper her findings to Eric as she gets up on the stage, but he too is unable to grasp her statements. She then grabs the tiara off Cheryl and throws it up toward the stage's scenery, where it explodes. As Kathy and Frank are both arrested, Gracie determines that they had wanted to kill the winner of the pageant on stage as an act of revenge for Kathy being terminated from the Miss United States organization. That night, Gracie and Eric both make preparations to return to headquarters with a new-found interest in each other. At the post-pageant breakfast the next morning, the contestants name Gracie as "Miss Congeniality". 