nm0000515:

 The Prophecy (1995)431) At the scene of a bizarre murder, L.A. homicide detective Thomas Dagget discovers a lethal heavenly prophecy now being fulfilled on earth. In his fight to stop the forces of evil, he finds an unlikely ally in an elementary school teacher. At the scene of a bizarre murder, L.A. homicide detective Thomas Dagget discovers a lethal heavenly prophecy now being fulfilled on earth. Yet in his fight to stop the forces of evil, led by the powerful angel Gabriel, Dagget finds an unlikely ally in an elementary school teacher. Together they race against time and terror to save the world as we know it. "Some people lose their faith because Heaven shows them too little," says Thomas Daggett. "But how many people lose their faith because Heaven showed them too much?" Daggett nearly became a priest; now he's a cop. He may want to put religion behind him, but one morning a weird, eyeless, hermaphroditic corpse turns up. Suddenly he is on a path that will put him right in the middle of a war in Heaven. And once again, Heaven will show him too much: gore, blood, charred flesh, living corpses and much worse. Even more central to the heavenly war effort is a young girl. This American Indian child has something Gabriel wants. And Gabriel is willing to kill her and anyone in his path - or even reanimate a corpse or two - to get it. J. Spurlin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the prologue, Thomas Dagget (Elias Koteas) is about to be ordained as a priest, but he is stricken by horrific visions of angels at war with each other. Several years later, Thomas, having lost his faith and abandoned the church, is a detective with the Los Angeles Police Department. Two angels fall to Earth: one, Simon (Eric Stoltz), warns Thomas of coming events, before disappearing. The second, Uziel (Jeff Cadiente), tracks Simon down and attempts to kill him, but is killed himself. Investigating the disturbance, Thomas goes to Simon's apartment and finds an obituary for a recently deceased Korean War veteran named Arnold Hawthorne. Thomas finds a copy of a theology text that he himself wrote years ago. In Chimney Rock, Simon finds the veteran and removes the soul from the body. The medical examiner informs Thomas that Uziel's body is like nothing he has seen before: it has no eyes, no signs of bone growth, hermaphroditism, and the same blood chemistry as an aborted fetus. Among the personal effects found on the body is an ancient, hand-written Bible, which includes a Twenty-Third chapter of the Book of Revelation - a chapter that does not exist in any other version. Thomas translates the chapter and learns of a second war in Heaven, instigated by a group of angels who refused to accept God's elevation of man over all other creatures, including angels. The chapter includes a prophecy that a "dark soul" will be found on Earth that can be used as a terrible weapon. Unknown to Thomas, Gabriel (Christopher Walken) has arrived on Earth. Needing a human helper, Gabriel recruits Jerry (Adam Goldberg), who has been in a state of limbo ever since Gabriel prevented him from dying when he committed suicide. Jerry retrieves Uziel's belongings from the police station while Gabriel destroys Uziel's body in the morgue. After finding Hawthorne's obituary, Gabriel and Jerry head for Chimney Rock, Arizona, where Hawthorne lived. Before Gabriel arrives, Simon befriends a little girl, Mary (Moriah Shining Dove Snyder), and passes the soul on to her in order to hide it from Gabriel. Mary immediately falls ill and is taken care of by her teacher, Katherine (Virginia Madsen). After finding Uziel's body, Thomas decides to go to Chimney Rock. Gabriel and Jerry locate Hawthorne's body, but the soul is gone. Gabriel locates Simon by scent and confronts him at the school; Simon refuses to tell him where he hid the soul. Gabriel says Hawthorne's soul will end the stalemate, tipping the balance to whichever side possesses it. He then kills Simon by setting him aflame and ripping the heart from his chest. Mary begins showing signs of being possessed by Hawthorne's soul. Meanwhile, Thomas arrives in Chimney Rock, examines Simon's remains, and questions Katherine. He searches Hawthorne's home and finds evidence of a court martial in which Hawthorne was accused of a number of war crimes, including cannibalism. Thomas visits a church to reflect and is shaken by a confrontation with Gabriel. Katherine arrives at school the next day to find Gabriel questioning the children. He leaves, and she rushes to Mary's home to find Thomas there. Mary's condition is worsening. Katherine takes Thomas to an abandoned mine where she saw Gabriel's car parked. Inside, they find angelic script on the walls and they experience a vision of a battlefield strewn with dead angels. Thomas and Katherine rush back to Mary's home. Gabriel and Jerry are there, and Gabriel is attempting to extract the soul. Thomas kills Jerry, and Katherine blows up Mary's trailer home by shooting a propane cylinder. Mary informs Thomas that angels aren't immortal on Earth; they can be killed by tearing out their heart. Katherine takes Thomas and Mary to a Native American site where a ritual is to be performed to expel Hawthorne's soul from Mary. Gabriel recruits another "assistant", Rachael (Amanda Plummer), from the terminal unit of the ICU at a nearby hospital. That night, as Mary starts to undergo her exorcism, Katherine is confronted by Lucifer (Viggo Mortensen) himself. Lucifer tells Katherine that "other angels" have taken up this war against mankind, and since then, no human souls have been able to "meet their maker". He knows of Gabriel's plot to use Hawthorne's soul to overthrow the agents of Heaven, and he knows that if Gabriel wins, his "new" Heaven will ultimately devolve into another Hell, resulting in unwanted competition. The next day, Lucifer appears to Thomas and advises him to use Gabriel's lack of faith against him. Gabriel arrives and attempts to disrupt the ritual. Thomas stops him, kills Rachael and then subdues Gabriel. As the ritual continues, Lucifer appears and confronts Gabriel, ripping out the angel's heart and devouring it. Once the tribal ancestors complete the exorcism, Hawthorne's soul is expelled from Mary and destroyed. With the threat eliminated, Lucifer asks Thomas and Katherine to "come home" with him, but they refuse. The film closes with Lucifer returning to Hell, and Thomas commenting on the nature of faith and what it means to truly be human. 
 Dune (1984)761) A Duke's son leads desert warriors against the galactic emperor and his father's evil nemesis to free their desert world from the emperor's rule. In the distant year of 10191, all the planets of the known Universe are under the control of Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV and the most important commodity in the Universe is a substance called the spice "MELANGE" which is said to have the power of extending life, expanding the consciousness and even to "fold space" ; being able to travel to any distance without physically moving. This spice "MELANGE" is said to only be produced in the desert planet of Arrakis, where the FREMEN people have the prophecy of a man who will lead them to true freedom. This "desert planet"of Arrakis is also known as DUNE. A secret report of the space "GUILD" talks about some circumstances and plans that could jeopardize the production of "SPICE" with four planets involved: ARRAKIS, CALADAN, GIEDI PRIME and KAITAIN, a world at least visually very alike to Earth and house of the Emperor of the known Universe. The "GUILD" sends a third stage navigator to KAITAIN to ask details from the Emperor and to demand him the killing of young Paul Atreides, son of the Duke Leto Atreides of CALADAN. David del Real ---@DavidRealActor---- With the extraordinary property of folding the time-space continuum, and even expanding consciousness, the rare narcotic substance known as the melange, or "spice", is the most valuable commodity in the known universe. The year is 10,191, and under the thumb of the conspiring Padishah Emperor Shaddam IV, the warring clans, the House of the noble Atreides and the House of the despotic Harkonnen, find themselves fighting for control; but, the much-sought-after melange can only be found on the arid landscapes of the inhospitable, worm-infested desert planet, Arrakis, or Dune. Now, against the backdrop of a sinister conspiracy, and the murder of a beloved one, the young son of Duke Leto Atreides, Paul, flees to the dangerous exoplanet, only to be greeted by the indigenous tribe of the blue-eyed Fremen as the prophesied "Chosen One" who would lead them to freedom. However, can the inexperienced but visionary new leader harness the power of the mysterious, dry moon, and fulfil his destiny? Nick Riganas It is a distant galaxy, in the far future year, 10191. Arrakis is a desert planet and the only source of Melange, a vital drug used by Guild Navigators for space travel from star system to star system. Two families, the Atreides and the Harkonnens, fight one another for sole control of the Melange mining operations on Arrakis. When Duke Leto Atreides is assassinated by the evil Baron Harkonnen, Duke Leto's son, Paul, and Paul's mother, the Lady Jessica, flee deep into the desert of Arrakis. There, they are befriended by the Fremen, natives of Arrakis. Under the influence of Melange, Paul learns he has special powers and, that he can see into the future. Paul unites the Freman under his leadership, forms an army of warriors, and leads them into battle against Baron Harkonnen and the corrupt Padishah Emperor, Shaddam IV, who is in league with the Harkonnens. Paul vows to avenge his father's murder, and sets out to liberate Arrakis and its people from the Emperor's rule, and to fulfill his destiny. Daniel Williamson The desert planet Arrakis - we enter the year 10191 and the whole universe depends on the spice Melange which exists only on this dry and desolate planet. The natives of this planet await the arrival of their Messiah who will lead them into a holy war against the evil Harkonnen empire. This is the film adaptation based on Frank Herbert's cult novel. Harald Mayr <marvin@bike.augusta.de> Set in a distant future where life in the universe and space travel is dependent upon a spice found only on the planet Dune, this film tracks the rise of young Paul Atreides, son of noble Duke Leto, from the time of his father's betrayal and murder by the evil Baron Harkonnen, to his discovery of the great secret behind the planet Dune and his own destiny, which is to free the planet and its denizens of the cruel rule of the Emperor. Sunil Iyer <siyer@foobar.co.uk> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening monologue, Princess Irulan ( Virginia Madsen ) explains that after the fall of the machine titans and the reclaiming of the universe by humans, the people established training programs to gain knowledge they had lost in their apathy. The two training regimens, each gender specific, enabled humans to establish knowledge in math and psychic abilities. The universe is dominated politically and economically by the rarefied spice melange, which extends life and enhances certain psychic powers. The Galactic Spacing Guild and its prescient alien navigators use the spice to "fold space" and safely guide interstellar ships to any part of the universe instantaneously. Melange can be obtained in only one place: the desert planet of Arrakis, also known as Dune. The inhabitants of Dune, a nomadic people called the Fremen, have a legend that tells of the coming of a messiah from another world. The year is 10,191. The Guild sends a navigator emissary to the planet Kaitain to discuss a threat to spice production with the emperor of the known universe, Shaddam IV ( Jos Ferrer ). The emperor confidentially shares his plans to destroy one of the noble houses, the Atreides. The popularity of Duke Leto Atreides ( Jrgen Prochnow ) has grown, and he is suspected of amassing a secret army wielding sonic weapons called weirding modules, making him a threat to the emperor. Shaddam's plan is to give the Atreides control of the planet Arrakis to mine the spice, then have them ambushed by their longtime enemies, the Harkonnens, who have ruled Arrakis and the Fremen for centuries through cruelty and terror. The navigator commands the emperor to kill the duke's son, Paul Atreides ( Kyle MacLachlan ), a young man who dreams prophetic visions of his purpose. The order draws the attention of the Bene Gesserit sisterhood (a training institution for women), as Paul is a product of their centuries-long breeding program which seeks to produce the superhuman Kwisatz Haderach. Gaius Helen Mohiam ( Sin Phillips ), a Bene Gesserit reverend mother who serves as an adviser to the emperor, plans a visit to meet with Paul. On the planet Caladan, watery homeworld of House Atreides, Paul cannot understand why the Harkonnens would give up their hold on Arrakis to the Atreides, but understands that the family must go there. Thufir Hawat ( Freddie Jones ), a mentat (a human computer trained in pure mathematics), tells Paul they are going because of the promise of a new army. Paul's tutor and mentor, Gurney Halleck ( Patrick Stewart ), tests him in the limits of hand-to-hand fighting in preparation for his manhood trials and discusses Paul's amazing abilities with Thufir. Paul dons a weirding module and battles with a fighter robot, easily disarming it. Paul's mother, Lady Jessica ( Francesca Annis ), is also a member of the Bene Gesserit, and serves as Duke Leto's concubine. The reverend mother arrives on Caladan to test Paul. Jessica is worried that her son may not live through the test. Mohiam tells Paul about the Water of Life, bile from the giant Arrakis worms, which no man has ever drunk and survived. Only the Kwisatz Haderach, the true messiah in whom the Fremen inhabitants have prophesied will lead them out of oppression, can drink it. With a deadly gom jabbar at his throat, Paul is forced to place his hand in a box which subjects him to excruciating pain, but he resists the urge to withdraw his hand (which would result in death) and passes the test to Mohiam's satisfaction. Meanwhile, on Giedi Prime, the industrial homeworld of House Harkonnen, the physically sick, deformed, and sadistic Baron Vladimir Harkonnen ( Kenneth McMillan ) plans his personal revenge by finding a traitor within House Atreides who will kill the Duke. He assigns his nephews Glossu Rabban ( Paul L. Smith ) and Feyd-Rautha ( Sting ) the task of crushing House Atreides after they have assumed control of the planet. Upon arriving on Arrakis, Leto is informed by one of his right-hand men, Duncan Idaho ( Richard Jordan ), that the Fremen have been underestimated; they exist in vast numbers and could prove to be powerful allies. Paul and Leto meet with Dr. Kynes ( Max von Sydow ) a spice mining leader who takes them by aircraft to a remote area where they witness a giant worm attacking a spice mining ship, a "crawler". Faced with the destruction of the mining facilities, Duke Leto orders the giant crawler evacuated rather than risking lives by trying to save the precious spice ore, and even saves many of the workers by bringing them on his shuttle before the facility is destroyed, earning him the trust and recognition of Dr. Kynes and the rest of the Fremen workers. But before the Duke can establish an alliance with them, the Harkonnens launch their attack on Arrakis and House Atreides. While the Atreides had anticipated a trap, they are unable to withstand the Harkonnen attack, which is aided by the Emperor's elite troops, the much-feared Sardaukar, and by the Baron's traitor within House Atreides itself, Dr. Wellington Yueh ( Dean Stockwell ). Yueh plans revenge on Baron Harkonnen for the death of his wife. Captured, Leto dies in a failed attempt to assassinate the Baron using a poison gas capsule planted in his tooth by Dr. Yueh; with his vision fogged by drugs, Leto kills the baron's aide Piter De Vries ( Brad Dourif ) instead. With Piter dead, Captain Iakin Nefud ( Jack Nance ), the baron's head of security, takes over Piter's duties as the baron's valet and aide. Dr. Kynes is captured and abandoned in the desert to die. Thufir is forced to take over as director of spice mining for the Harkonnens, while Rabban becomes de facto governor of Arrakis. Paul and Jessica, who is pregnant by Duke Leto, escape into the deep desert, where they manage to join a band of Fremen led by Stilgar ( Everett McGill ). Paul adopts the title of Muad'Dib, and the Fremen suspect he is the leader they have been waiting for. Paul teaches the Fremen (who are formidable warriors) a new form of combat using the weirding modules and begins targeting mining production of spice to stop its flow. Stilgar trains Paul in Fremen traditions, and Paul rides his first sandworm. The Fremen's Bene Gesserit reverend mother has aged and Jessica drinks the Water of Life to replace her. The poisonous water causes her to go into convulsions and premature labor, her eyes bleed, and the transmutation of the sacred water awakens her knowledge. Jessica's daughter Alia ( Alicia Witt ) is born prematurely, but has blue-tinted eyes because of the spice and the knowledge imparted by the Water of Life. Within two years she grows rapidly into a young girl with great powers. During the war against the Spacing Guild, the Fremen, with Paul as their leader, effectively halt spice production on Arrakis. The Guild warns the emperor that he must intervene; they fear Paul will take the Water of Life. During a skirmish, Paul meets his former mentor Gurney Halleck, now a smuggler, who surrenders and immediately joins Paul and the Fremen to continue the war and maintain the strangle-hold on spice production. Paul begins a romance with Chani ( Sean Young ), the daughter of the leader Dr. Kynes (known to the Fremen as Liet). After a vision, Paul can no longer see his future and decides to drink the Water of Life. Paul goes into the desert with Chani and a cadre of bodyguards, drinks the Water of Life, and enters a coma-like state. Awakening literally and figuratively, he is transformed and gains control of the sandworms of Arrakis and the secret of the planet: water kept hidden in huge caches by the Fremen can be used to permanently destroy the spice. Paul also possesses the ability to see the future and, more importantly, the present when he gazes into space and sees the Emperor's plan; a huge invasion fleet above Arrakis has been amassed to regain control of the planet and the spice. Paul announces to his Fremen army that an enormous sandstorm is coming and will provide the perfect opportunity to take back their planet. When the emperor arrives on Arrakis, he executes the incompetent Rabban for failing to remedy the spice situation. The Baron arrives and is shocked at seeing the severed head of his nephew at the Emperor's feet. Before he can explain the situation, Alia is brought in as a hostage, and she delivers a message: Paul is coming for them. Paul launches a final attack against the Harkonnens and the emperor at the capital city of Arrakeen, using atomics to blast out a wide section of the shield wall protecting the city from the ravages of the desert. Paul leads the raid, riding through the breech with the Fremen on sandworms. After a climactic and fierce battle, where casualties are heavy on both sides, Paul and the Fremen warriors defeat the emperor's legions of Sardaukar, while Alia slashes the Baron with her gom jabbar and sends him into the maw of a sandworm. Afterward, Paul, Stilgar, Gurney, Alia, Jessica, and their army confront the captive emperor, Princess Irulan, and their staff. Paul is challenged to a duel with daggers by the psychotic Feyd. After a short but brutal fight, Paul stabs Feyd through his neck and uses his vocal powers to explode his internal organs. Paul faces the defeated emperor, relieves him of power, and announces an era of peace for all of humanity. Storm clouds gather and it begins raining on Arrakis for the first time in the planet's existence. Alia declares, "And how can this be? For he is the Kwisatz Haderach!" 
 Candyman (1992)431) The Candyman, a murderous soul with a hook for a hand, is accidentally summoned to reality by a skeptic grad student researching the monster's myth. Helen Lyle is a student who decides to write a thesis about local legends and myths. She visits a part of the town, where she learns about the legend of the Candyman, a one-armed man who appears when you say his name five times, in front of a mirror. Of course, Helen doesn't believe all this stuff, but the people of the area are really afraid. When she ignores their warnings and begins her investigation in the places that he is rumored to appear, a series of horrible murders begins. Could the legend be true? Chris Makrozahopoulos <makzax@hotmail.com> In Chicago, Helen Lyle and her friend Bernadette Walsh are researching for their thesis about urban legend in the University of Illinois, where Helen's husband Trevor Lyle gives classes. Helen becomes obsessed by the legend of the Candyman, a son of slaves whose father became rich in 1890 after inventing a device for mass producing of shoes. The educated Candyman was an artist, but when the daughter of a powerful man got pregnant of him, her father hired some men to kill him. The Candyman "lives" in the legend that says that he would appear if his name is spoken five times in front of the mirror, and the skeptical Helen attempts to summon Candyman. Helen and Bernadette go to Cabrini Green, where two unsolved murders had happened, and the dwellers blame Candyman for the crimes as Helen tries to prove his existence. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Helen Lyle (Virginia Masden) is an affluent young woman who is working with her good friend Bernadette "Bernie" Walsh (Kasi Lemmons), on a master's thesis involving modern folklore. Her husband, Trevor Lyle (Xander Berkeley), is a university professor, of whom she suspects infidelity with one of his younger students, and we suspect her home life isn't quite satisfying, despite the fact that she seems to be very much in love with Trevor. Helen and Bernie have been interviewing numerous people about various 'urban legend' type stories. One young woman tells them a story about "Candyman", a mythical being who has a hook instead of a right hand. The legend goes that Candyman will appear behind you if you say his name five times while looking in a mirror. Clara (Marianna Elliott) dares rebel other-boyfriend Billy (Ted Raimi) to repeat Candyman's name five times in front of the mirror while she's babysitting the Johnson family's baby. Billy only repeats it four times but when she is left alone in the bathroom, getting ready to lose her virginity to Billy and not Michael, her "too good" boyfriend, Clara repeats the name a fifth time. Then, she turns off the light and right behind her, Candyman's appears and kills her with her hooked arm. As Helen reviews the recorded conversation in an empty classroom one night at the university, a cleaning woman overhears the story about Candyman and pays special attention to it. Henrietta Mosely (Barbara Alston) calls in another cleaning woman, Kitty Calver (Sarina C. Grant), who tells Helen about the murders that have taken place in Cabrini-Green, Chicago, the low income housing project where she lives. The people of Cabrini-Green have attributed the deaths to Candyman, as the victims have been butchered with a weapon determined to be a hook. The mention of the murders leads Helen to research it in archived newspapers, and she finds out the names of the victims. Even more intriguing to her is the fact that her own apartment building was designed exactly like Cabrini-Green; she learns that it was intended as another housing development, but eventually the idea was scrapped when the developers realized that the location was too desirable; Helen and Bernie theorize that the white developers relocated the housing project to a more forbidding area that would keep the ghetto separated from the rest of the city. Helen is aware that the units in her building are connected to one another through the medicine chests in the bathrooms; when removed, they reveal a small space that links the apartments together. Helen knows that Cabrini-Green's apartments must be the same, and that the stories of Candyman coming out of the medicine chest could indicate a human assailant who had also made this discovery. With Bernadette in tow, she visits Cabrini-Green and finds the apartment of one of the murder victims; on the other side of the medicine chest is a strange lair, with holes in the wall and elaborate graffiti-style artwork depicting a large man's head with a hole in the wall for a mouth. Helen is fascinated by it, as well as the fact that an altar appears to have been constructed there as well, with candy left behind as an offering. Helen and Bernie meet Anne-Marie McCoy (Vanessa Williams), the neighbor of the deceased victim. Anne-Marie is initially hostile to them, as she feels the presence of white people in the all-black housing development indicates nothing but trouble (Bernie herself is black, but Helen is white, and the tenants they meet on the way inside mistake them for police officers). But eventually Anne-Marie softens and invites them into her apartment. Helen is taken by Anne-Marie's baby boy, Anthony (Lanesha Martin & Latesha Martin) admitting she would like to have a child of her own one day. Anne-Marie says that she is determined to make a better life for her son, one that does not involve Cabrini-Green or the drug-dealing youths that loiter on its grounds. While at dinner one night with Bernie, Trevor, and a few of Trevor's colleagues, Helen makes the mistake of baiting Philip Purcell (Michael Culkin), a snobbish folklore expert, by mentioning her thesis project. Philip attempts to belittle Helen by telling her that he's already written an essay about Candyman. Philip shares with her Candyman's strange back story, revealing that he was the son of a slave who had come into a great deal of wealth due to an invention that became hugely successful. Candyman grew up well-schooled and comfortable, and was a prodigious artist who was in high demand among the wealthy to paint their portraits. Eventually Candyman had an affair with the daughters of one of his wealthy white clients, and when she became pregnant the man exacted a horrible revenge on Candyman. He sent hired goons to attack Candyman, cutting off his right hand, stripping him nude, and smearing him with the honeycomb of a hive of angry bees. He was killed by the numerous bee stings. Philip claims that it all took place on the site where Cabrini-Green now stands. Even more intrigued, Helen returns to the building on her own. When she finds Anne-Marie is not home, she meets a young boy named Jake (DeJuan Guy) who gives her more information. Another death in the project was attributed to Candyman, the brutal castration of a young boy (Kenneth A. Brown) who entered a filthy public men's room only to meet an attacker who cut off his genitals, resulting in his death. When Jake takes Helen to the site, she goes inside and starts taking photographs, but a group of young toughs enters after her. One man (Terrence Riggins) approaches her and announces that he is Candyman, and his is carrying a large hook, which he uses to beat Helen's face, knocking her unconscious. Later in a police lineup, she identifies her assailant, much to the satisfaction of Detective Frank Valento (Gilbert Lewis), who informs Helen that the young man who beat her was suspected of the previous murders. He had been using the legend of Candyman to frighten the residents of Cabrini-Green into silence, and Helen's testimony will help to put him away. Helen meets Jake there at the police station, and she thanks him for his help, explaining that her attacker was human and that Candyman is not real. Jake almost seems disappointed. Some time later, Helen and Bernie have a discussion where Helen reveals that she is unsettled by the fact that the two murders, both of which featured black victims, went practically unnoticed, while her own mere assault caused a lockdown of Cabrini-Green, presumably because she was a white victim. Bernie surprises her with slides from her camera, which Helen had assumed was a complete write-off after the attack in the men's room. On the way back to her car, Helen looks at the slides, when suddenly she is confronted by a strange figure, a tall black man wearing a long coat and speaking in an unearthly voice. She realizes this is Candyman, although she can barely comprehend how it is possible. Candyman urges Helen to become his victim, almost as if he were speaking to a lover. He tells Helen that because she has exposed the real killer at Cabrini-Green, she has caused a sudden rift in his world; the belief in him by hundreds of people is what allows him to go on living. Helen's incident has caused this belief to drop, and now he is in danger of ceasing to exist entirely. Candyman intends to kill Helen, which would then give rebirth to his legend and cause belief to surge once more. Helen swoons and loses consciousness. When she awakens, she is disoriented, and realizes that she is somehow in Anne-Marie's apartment. She is covered in blood, and Anne-Marie is screaming hysterically in another room. A meat cleaver is lying next to Helen, and she picks it up, terrified at what she may find going on in the other room. She finds Anne-Marie's dog, decapitated, its blood everywhere. Anne-Marie is screaming over the empty crib of her son, who is now missing. When she sees Helen approaching her with a cleaver, she immediately thinks Helen is responsible, and she rushes at her, attacking her. When it seems as if Anne-Marie may kill her, Helen strikes her with the cleaver, wounding her shoulder, just as police break though the door of the apartment and surround Helen. At the precinct, Helen is subjected to a strip search in a humiliating way by a rude policewoman (Rusty Schwimmer) who would not even get close to her, only bluntly asking her to take off all her clothes. Later, Detective Valento appears, this time speaking furiously to Helen. It is clear that everybody thinks she is responsible for the attack and kidnapping of Anne-Marie's child. She makes a phone call to Trevor, only to discover that Trevor is somehow not home, even though it is 3am. The next day he comes for Helen and takes her home, helping her though a throng of reporters and news cameras. Her lawyer (John Rensenhouse) tells Helen that the prosecutors seem to have released her because they think the child's body will turn up and they will then charge Helen with murder 1, which he thinks is unlikely to stick. Helen is somewhat comforted, but she still cannot comprehend what has happened to her. She questions Trevor about where he was at 3am, and he claims he was home, sleeping. The next day, Helen looks more at the slides she took at Cabrini-Green, and in one shot she is able to see Candyman standing behind her, even though he was not there when she took the shot. He then appears to her once again, emerging from her medicine chest, then seemingly everywhere at once. She cannot escape him. He talks to her again, saying she belongs to him and that she will be immortal if she surrenders to him. She is paralyzed with fear, but she hears Bernie knocking at the door to her apartment, carrying a spray of flowers, presumably to cheer Helen. Helen tries to scream and warn her, but Bernie enters and is killed by Candyman. This time Helen awakens under much more dire circumstances. Trevor enters the room and she watches bloodied Helen holding a knife asking him to help her. She gets handcuffed to a gurney and being given injections. She breaks free from her police guard and rushes into the other room to see Bernie's mutilated corpse. As Helen is taken away in a police car, she hears Candyman's voice, and she begs him not to hurt the baby. Helen is taken to an institution and strapped down and injected, but when she is alone, Candyman appears to her again, hovering in the air over her. He tells her that her life is over and that she belongs to him now. When she screams for help, medics come in and of course, they cannot see Candyman, only Helen. Helen is eventually taken to see Dr. Burke (Stanley DeSantis), who informs her that he is working for her defense. Helen is astonished to learn that she has been in the facility for an entire month, under heavy sedations. When they breach the subject of Candyman, Helen "calls" for him by looking into a mirror and saying his name five times. Candyman appears and kills Dr. Burke, then slashes Helen's bonds. He levitates through a window and disappears, smashing the glass. Helen uses the window to escape, edging her way to another room and knocking a nurse unconscious, stealing her uniform and ultimately escaping the hospital. Helen goes home to her apartment and is in for an even greater shock: Trevor has moved his young student in, and they are in the process of completely redecorating the apartment. They are terrified to see Helen, as she has been accused of savage crimes. She tells Trevor he was all she had left in the world, and then she leaves, much to their relief. With nowhere else to go, Helen goes to Cabrini-Green and seeks out Candyman's lair. She finds him asleep and tries to kill him with a hook, but he awakens and tells her to surrender to him. He promises Helen that the pain of her death will be "exquisite", and that she needn't fear the afterlife, as she will be immortal like he is. He tries to kiss Helen and bees swarm out of his mouth and his body, stinging Helen, and she swoons. Helen regains consciousness and finds that she is alone. Looking at the walls of the lair, she realizes, through paintings he has done on the walls, that she herself is the image of Candyman's lost love, the young woman that he lost his life over many years before. Wandering outside, she hears the baby crying from somewhere nearby, and realizes that Anthony is inside the large pile of scrap wood and garbage that the resident of Cabrini-Green intend to burn for a bonfire. When she goes into the pile to rescue him, Jake awakens and sees her scrambling among the garbage, with a hook in her hand. Mistaking her for Candyman, Jake alerts a group of other residents and together they go outside with gasoline and torches to burn Candyman alive on the bonfire. As the flames spread, Helen reaches the baby inside the bonfire, but Candyman appears to restrain her from escaping. He encourages Helen to stay with him and be burned alive in order to fuel their own legend. Helen fights back, impa.ling Candyman with a burning shard of wood, and she manages to crawl out of the fire while protecting baby Anthony. Anne-Marie sees them and is overcome, both by finding her child alive and realizing that Helen has delivered him safely out of the burning wreckage. Badly burned by the fire, Helen dies. At Helen's funeral, Trevor a few others are the only mourners, until suddenly they look up and see a huge group of residents from Cabrini-Green marching among the gravestones, making their way to her gravesite. Anne-Marie and Jake are at the forefront. Anne-Marie is carrying baby Anthony triumphantly. Jake removes Candyman's hook from under his coat, apparently pulled from the ashes of the fire. He drops it into Helen's grave. After the funeral, Trevor and his new girlfriend Stacey (Carolyn Lowery) are at their apartment, the same apartment where Helen used to live. Trevor has isolated himself in the bathroom, shaking with grief, while the young girl angrily waits in the kitchen, seemingly annoyed that Trevor is greiving the loss of his wife. Sobbing, Trevor looks in the mirror and mumbles Helen's name and over and over. Suddenly, Helen appears behind him, a ghostly apparition holding a hook. She uses the hook to murder Trevor, gutting his body and leaving it lying in the tub for his new girlfriend to find. Her own legend has just begun. 
 Sideways (2004)871) Two men reaching middle age with not much to show but disappointment embark on a week-long road trip through California's wine country, just as one is about to take a trip down the aisle. A week before his friend Jack is to be married, best man Miles and the prospective groom head off to wine country for a week of fun, relaxation and - of course - wine drinking. Miles is the oenophile and does his best to teach Jack a bit about the art of appreciating great wine. All Jack cares about is drinking and carousing, something he accomplishes when he meets the attractive Stephanie at one of the vineyards. Miles is something of a sad sack, a high school English teacher who is a failed writer at heart. He has yet to get over the fact that his wife has divorced him and that she has remarried and he now faces that nerve racking wait for word from a prospective publisher. Miles has an opportunity to start anew when he meets Stephanie's friend Maya but when he let's slip that Jack is about to be married any hope of a relationship seems to be lost. garykmcd Miles Raymond is a hopeful but struggling writer who also happens to be a wine connoisseur. Jack Cole is a fading actor and his soon-to-be married friend. To celebrate Jack's concluding days as a bachelor, they will embark on a wine-tasting road trip through California's renowned vineyards. As they travel through the countryside, the two men confront their trepidation about what their futures hold and contemplate the paths in which they want to follow. Kyle Perez Both approaching middle age, Miles is Jack's best man at his upcoming wedding. A middle school English teacher, Miles is a depressed and thus depressive sad sack, ever since the divorce from his wife, Victoria, two years ago, she who he still loves. He has just completed his third novel which took three years out of his life, he, in his negative outlook on his life in general, believes it will go the way of the unpublished first two: nowhere. Jack, an actor with some fame, has an easy charm which fronts his overgrown adolescent mentality. The two men plan to take a road trip just before the wedding from their home in San Diego to California wine country as a week long bachelor party, it a region that Miles often visits as a wine connoisseur. It isn't until they arrive that against Miles' plans to enjoy and educate Jack on the detailed pleasures of wine while they hang out together, Jack informs him that his number one goal for this trip is to get laid, and while unspoken, not necessarily the last time with someone else other than his fiance, Christine, and that even if Miles does not approve, he better not mess up this week for him in his depressive state scaring off any potential sex partners. As such, Jack arranges for them to hang out with Stephanie, who they meet in she working behind the bar at one of the wineries, and Maya, Stephanie's friend who works as a server at a restaurant where Miles often hangs out, who Miles has a casual acquaintanceship with already, and who Jack can see is interested in Miles. While the rest of the week with Maya and Stephanie doesn't go quite the way either Miles or Jack anticipates, it may provide them with a tipping point for moving forward with their immediate futures. Huggo Still feeling humbled by his ugly divorce two years ago, the unfulfilled English teacher and unpublished novelist, Miles Raymond, wants to escape his miserable existence. Now that his long-time playboy friend and ageing voice-over actor, Jack Cole, has finally decided to tie the knot, the wounded oenophile treats his old college buddy to a stag weekend in sunny California's wine country to introduce him to the world of fine wine, one short week before Jack's wedding. However, while Miles is looking for the distinctive scent of perfection captured in a bottle of expensive Pinot Noir, flirtatious Jack, who happily drinks cheap Merlot, has different plans, intent on scoring one last time before giving up his freedom. Suddenly, as the mismatched companions embark on a grape-scented bonding trip on Miles' 1987 Saab 900 Convertible Turbo, sex gets in the way of happiness, putting their friendship to the test. But, when love goes sideways, is there a remedy for broken hearts? Nick Riganas Struggling writer and wine enthusiast Miles takes his engaged friend, Jack, on a trip to wine country for a last single-guy bonding experience. While Miles wants to relax and enjoy the wine, Jack is in search of a fling before his wedding. Soon Jack is sleeping with Stephanie, while her friend Maya connects with Miles. When Miles lets slip that Jack is getting married, both women are furious, sending the trip into disarray. Miles is a failed writer living a meager existence in San Diego as an English teacher. With his career seemingly fading and the fate of a book hinging on a publisher's decision, Miles is depressed with himself and what he hasn't achieved. Jack is a television actor whom some recognize but not many do, as if he were a minor actor who got a taste of success. With his best friend Miles, the two embark on a road trip through California's wine country. Miles wants to give his friend a nice sendoff before married life, while Jack simply wants to have a fling beforehand. As they're both nearing middle age with not much to show for it, the two will explore the vineyards while ultimately searching for their identities. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Miles Raymond (Paul Giamatti) is an unsuccessful writer, a wine-aficionado, and a depressed middle school English teacher living in San Diego, who takes his soon-to-be-married actor friend and college roommate, Jack Cole (Thomas Haden Church), on a road trip through Santa Ynez Valley wine country. Miles wants to relax and live well. However, Jack wants one last sexual fling. In the wine country, the men encounter Maya (Virginia Madsen), a waitress at Miles's favorite restaurant, The Hitching Post, and her friend, Stephanie (Sandra Oh), an employee at a local winery. They arrange a double date without revealing that Jack is to be married. Jack has an affair with Stephanie while Miles and Maya connect. Miles accidentally tells Maya that Jack is to be married. Enraged by the dishonesty, Maya dumps Miles and tells Stephanie, who breaks Jack's nose using her motorcycle helmet. Upon finding out his manuscript has been rejected again, Miles makes a scene at a wine tasting room, and Jack hooks up with another waitress named Cammi. Jack gets into deeper trouble when Cammi's husband comes home unexpectedly & has to flee without his clothes and wallet (which contains the wedding rings). Miles sneaks into Cammi's house and barely escapes with Jack's wallet. To explain the broken nose to his fiance, Jack runs Miles's car into a ditch to create front-end damage and tells her that he was hurt in an accident. At the wedding, Miles runs into his ex-wife Vicki and meets her new husband. After learning that she is also pregnant, Miles faces the fact that Vicki will never return to him. Alone, he drinks his prized wine, a 1961 Chteau Cheval Blanc from a disposable coffee cup at a fast-food restaurant. Later, he receives a message from Maya, who says she enjoyed his manuscript and invites him to visit. The last scene in the movie shows Miles back in Santa Ynez, knocking on Maya's door. 