nm0007228:

 Ek Khiladi Ek Haseena (2005)44) Meet Arjun Verma, a conman who plays the biggest odds and wins. Trained in the belly of Bombay, he knows how to score with women, money, and the law. His playground is his alone - AND NOBODY F***S WITH THAT... Arjun (Fardeen Khan) and his best friend Rohit (Rohit Roy) con people for a living. During their latest of escapades, both the duo manages to con the rich accountant of a don by the name of Sikander (Gulshan Grover), resulting in them stealing millions of rupees. Soon after, Rohit (Rohit Roy) is killed by Sikander's men and Arjun escapes to another city to save himself from the murderers.But Sikander manages to track him down and orders him to pay up the stolen sum of money plus interest or face Sikander's retirement plan. Soon to get his hands on some millions, Arjun than sets up a special team who will help him execute the plan. Also involved in the team is Natasha (Koena Mitra), a female psychiatrist who ends up being conned by the group but eventually succeeds in seeking revenge.Thrown into this mix is another character by the name of Jehangir Khan (Feroz Khan) who slows down Arjun's plans to get his hands on some big money. Will Arjun get the money for the pay back? Or will he have to answer to accept Sikander's retirement plan? gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com Mumbai-based con-men, Arjun Verma and Rohit Kapoor, inadvertently steal three Lakh Rupees from a gangster named Sikander, and Rohit ends up getting killed. Arjun attempts to go underground in Pune are unsuccessful, and he is apprehended by Sikander's goon, Kaif, and asked to return the 3 Lakh Rupees plus an additional 1 Lakh as interest in ten days. Arjun teams up with a Psychiatrist, Natasha Kapoor, and three other males: Bhatia, Shree, and Jack and hopes to return the money within the stipulated time period. Natasha ends up getting conned and seeks vengeance, while the group partner with Sikander and seek a new victim, a banker/gangster by the name of Jehangir Khan. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) Arjun and Rohit two best friends who live by conning people,Rohit decides to give life of crime and start a new life but he is killed by a criminal Sikander's as Arjun and Rohit had con his men.Arjun elopes from the city but Sikander's aide Kaif traces him where Sikander asks him to return his looted money in 10 days or else he will be killed and tells Kaif to keep a watch on him 24/7.Arjun and his friends Bhatia and Jack decide to con people in order to return the money to Sikander,Arjun comes across a psychiatrist Natasha whose patient has been conned by them.Natasha gets impressed by Arjun and decides to be part of their gang and falls in love,but a con job goes wrong and Natasha mistakenly kills a police officer,she soon realizes that it was all part of Arjun as he wanted to extort money from her to give to Sikander.Natasha reaches Sikander's den to kill Arjun but makes a proposal to Sikander that if Arjun can return his money before 10 days then he can make 25 Crores in 25 days.Sikander's criminal mind agrees to this big deal and asks Arjun to take the deal further but this time their target is a powerful big fish Jahangir Khan more ever inspector Sardesai as his eyes on Arjun and his gang. alex.mjacko@gmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Jungle (2000)Summaries A survival tale of two lovers, who tries their best to escape a jungle which is governed by a cold blooded dacoit. Where beasts feared to tread, he made it his home; Where the scorching sun could not reach, he shined in the cold bloodedness. Where the police never managed to catch him, he always killed them. WHERE- is the Jungle, and HE- is the king. In his reign, he killed animals, massacred policemen, slaughtered informers, and then one day, he took someone's love. Anonymous Anu Malhotra and Siddharth Sharma are in love with each other and would like to get married. Anu is ready to inform her parents about her future life-partner, but everything is put on hold, as the family decides to go out on a group safari-like expedition. Siddharth decides to go incognito also. The group gets to view wildlife from fairly close distances, and they also get to view Durga Narayan Chaudhary and his terrifying men, who abduct them, and hold them for ransom, until one of their associates is released from custody. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Prem Aggan (1998)Summaries Jai Kumar is a wealthy industrialist, and lives in a palatial house with his wife: Sheena, son: Vishal, and daughter: Sapna. He has made arrangements for Sapna to get married to Vishal, who is the son of his partner in a business venture. But Sapna is in love with Suraj Singh, who plays in an orchestra, and is the son of an army captain, Veer Bahadur Singh. When Sapna introduces her dad to Suraj, he is rude to Suraj, and upset that Sapna has spoiled his plans for him. Jai does not speak out openly against Suraj when he is with Sapna, for fear of antagonizing her, but discusses this issue with Vishal, and together they concoct a scheme that will separate Sapna and Suraj forever. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 No Entry (2005)Summaries Kishan and Sunny's life are troubled after their womanizing friend Prem sets them up with a hooker named Bobby, leading to web of lies and confusions. Kishen is a newspaper baron married to Kaajal, a housewife who suspects her husband of having numerous non-existent affairs. Pooja is the believing wife of ever-philandering globe-trotting businessman Prem. Kishen and Prem are thick pals. Sanjana falls in love with Prem's loyal photographer Sunny and they get engaged. Kishen gets tired of his jealous wife and tries to have an affair with Bobby, a call girl. Due to circumstances, Bobby is introduced as the wife of Kishen during Sanjana's wedding, and as Sunny's wife to Kaajal. It becomes a bundle of confusions when all three couples meet. manojar Prem has been married to simple-minded and trusting Pooja for several years. Unknown to Pooja, he has been having several affairs with numerous gorgeous women. He would also like his close friend, Kishen, to have some extra-marital affairs, but Kishen is loyal to his suspicious-minded wife, Kaajal, and wouldn't dream of betraying her in any way. Having failed to convince Kishen, Prem hires a prostitute by the name of Bobby to seduce Kishen and have an affair with him. When Kishen meets Bobby, he is instantly attracted to her and is more than willing to have an affair on the sly. But things go terribly wrong, and Kishen must enlist the help of his co-worker, Shekar alias Sunny, to help him out of this mess. Watch how Sunny, Kishen, and Prem, get trapped into a web of lies and deception, and how the hapless trio attempt to wriggle out of this hilarious mess, and how they attempt to convince their respective wives of their innocence. rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 