nm0000375:

 Avengers: Endgame (2019)651) After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018) , the universe is in ruins. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers assemble once more in order to reverse Thanos' actions and restore balance to the universe. After the devastating events of Avengers: Infinity War (2018), the universe is in ruins due to the efforts of the Mad Titan, Thanos. With the help of remaining allies, the Avengers must assemble once more in order to undo Thanos's actions and undo the chaos to the universe, no matter what consequences may be in store, and no matter who they face... The grave course of events set in motion by Thanos, that wiped out half the universe and fractured the Avengers ranks, compels the remaining Avengers to take one final stand in Marvel Studios' grand conclusion to twenty-two films - Avengers: Endgame. After half of all life is snapped away by Thanos, the Avengers are left scattered and divided. Now with a way to reverse the damage, the Avengers and their allies must assemble once more and learn to put differences aside in order to work together and set things right. Along the way, the Avengers realize that sacrifices must be made as they prepare for the ultimate final showdown with Thanos, which will result in the heroes fighting the biggest battle they have ever faced. Blazer346 Catastrophe. Confusion. Loss. The overwhelming devastation caused by the mad Titan Thanos has left what remains of the Avengers reeling. For a while, all hope seems lost...until an opportunity to reverse the damage is presented. Now, the team must assemble once more and do whatever it takes to restore the universe and bring those they lost back. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In the opening, Clint Barton is teaching his daughter archery on his secluded farm while his wife prepares a picnic lunch for them. Suddenly, Clint's daughter vanishes and the rest of Clint's family disintegrates, along with half of all life across the universe, the result of Thanos' snapping his fingers after acquiring all six Infinity Stones. Nebula and Tony Stark are stranded in space following their defeat by Thanos on Titan, but are returned to Earth by Carol Danvers and reunited with Natasha Romanoff, Bruce Banner, Steve Rogers, Rocket, Thor, and James Rhodes. The team formulates a plan to steal the Infinity Stones back from Thanos and use them to reverse his actions, but learn upon finding him that he had used the stones a second time to destroy them, preventing their further use. He tells the remaining Avengers that he did so to avoid using the Stones for further nefarious purposes. Enraged, Thor cuts off Thanos' head, saying it's what he should have done in Wakanda. Five years later, Scott Lang escapes from the quantum realm to discover that his daughter Cassie is now a teenager and that Hope van Dyne, along with half of the population, has disappeared in the snap. Rogers has been leading grief counseling sessions for survivors still struggling with the effects of the snap, while Romanoff is tirelessly keeping watch over both Earth and the rest of the universe with the help of Rhodes, Danvers, Okoye, Rocket, and Nebula. Lang goes to Romanoff and Rogers, and explains that while five years had passed for them, only five hours had passed for him in the quantum realm and the difference in time factors there. The three go to Stark, who is now raising a child with Pepper Potts, and explain their theory that the quantum realm can be used to go back in time and steal the Infinity Stones before Thanos is able to collect them. Stark initially rejects their proposal with concern about risking his family and the peace he has found, but after reflecting upon the loss of Peter Parker decides to test theoretical models that would work with Lang's quantum tunnel, eventually finding one that works. With Stark now on board with the plan, the remaining Avengers set out to reassemble their team. Bruce Banner has now embraced the Hulk as a part of him, and has melded his own consciousness and the Hulk's together into one. Romanoff, after hearing reports from Rhodes of an assassin that operates with similar methods to Barton, goes the Japan to track him down. Barton, consumed with grief after the loss of his family, has been operating under the mantle "Ronin" while brutally massacring cartels and gangs in order to try and improve the world that's still left. Natasha finds him in Japan and after some convincing, he agrees to rejoin the team in order to try and bring his family back. Banner and Rocket go to the small town of New Asgard, where Valkyrie and the last survivors of Asgard have settled. They there find Thor, who has become overwhelmed by guilt over failing to kill Thanos in Wakanda. Thor has become overweight, his hair and beard are overgrown, and he spends his free time eating junk food, getting drunk, and playing Fortnite with his friends Korg and Miek. Thor begrudgingly agrees to return to the Avengers after some convincing from Rocket and Banner. After testing the quantum time machine on Barton, who confirms that it works, The Avengers are reunited with a plan - Banner, Rogers, Lang, and Stark embark to retrieve the Time, Mind, and Space stones during the battle of New York in 2012. Banner goes to the Sanctum Sanctorum, where he is informed by the Ancient One that taking the Time Stone from her time line would prevent Stephen Strange's future efforts to stop Kaecilius from destroying the laws of nature. She eventually concedes the Time Stone to Banner after he informs her that Strange had given Thanos the stone in his time line, implying Strange had intended for a specific sequence of events to occur for Thanos to be defeated. Banner also promises the stones' return to their proper time lines in order to prevent any ill effects. Lang and Stark attempt to steal the Space Stone after the Avengers confiscate it from Loki. Lang gives Stark's past self a cardiac arrest by pulling a circuit in his artificial heart, while Stark steals the briefcase housing the Tesseract when nobody is looking. Their plan is thwarted when Stark drops the briefcase after he is accidentally hit by the Hulk. Loki then steals the Space Stone and uses it to escape custody. Rogers succeeds in stealing the Mind Stone from undercover Hydra agents, but stumbles across his past self, who mistakes him for a disguised Loki. After defeating past-Steve, Rogers meets back up with Stark and Lang, who now must figure out another way to get the Space Stone without running out of the limited supply of Pym Particles that allow them to travel through the quantum realm. Lang returns to the present with the Mind Stone while Rogers and Stark devise a plan to steal the Space Stone from a U.S. Army installation in the 1970s, while stealing further vials of Pym Particles in order to make the journey back home. While there, Rogers sights Peggy Carter and Stark has an meaningful conversation with his father Howard. Rocket and Thor travel to Asgard to retrieve the Reality Stone before Malekith uses it against the Nine Realms. While in Asgard, Thor is reminded that his mother, Frigga, would die soon and has a chance encounter with her while Rocket steals the Aether, the vaporized version of the Reality Stone, from Jane Foster. The two return to Earth after Frigga counsels Thor and he retrieves his hammer Mjolnor, elated to discover that he is still worthy of it. Nebula and Rhodes travel to Morag to steal the Power Stone before Peter Quill does. As Rhodes returns to the present with the Power Stone, Nebula malfunctions and remains on Morag. With two consciousnesses operating on Nebula's systems, Thanos and Ebony Maw discover the presence of future Nebula and go to kidnap her. Nebula realizes what has happened and tries to warn the others, but is too late. Thanos scans her memories and discovers the Avengers' plan, and sends the more loyal past Nebula back to the present as a spy. Barton and Romanoff travel to Vormir to retrieve the Soul Stone, though are conflicted when Red Skull, keeper of the Soul Stone, informs them that the stone can only be retrieved by sacrificing someone they love. The two fight over which will make the sacrifice, with Romanoff ultimately taking the fall, while a distraught Barton returns to Earth with the Soul Stone. After everyone has returned to the present on Earth, Stark, Rocket, and Banner set out to craft a gauntlet to wield the stones, one constructed from the same nanotech of Stark's latest Iron Man suit. Banner volunteers himself to wield the gauntlet and bring back everyone that disappeared in Thanos's snap, reasoning that he can withstand both the gamma radiation and the immense pain brought on by using the stones. He succeeds, though they are almost immediately attacked by Thanos, who has been brought to Earth by the impostor Nebula, destroying the quantum portal in the process. Thanos reduces the Avengers headquarters to rubble, splitting the team up and causing the gauntlet to fall into Barton's protection. The past Nebula is killed by her future self as she attempts to take the Infinity Stones from Barton, while Rogers, Thor, and Stark confront Thanos, who decides he will instead use the Infinity Stones to destroy the universe and create one in his vision. The three fight Thanos one on one, with Rogers confirming Thor's theory that he is worthy of wielding Mjolnor, but are each bested by Thanos. Soon after Thanos' army lands on Earth, T'Challa appears before Rogers, along with all of the Avengers and other allies revived by Banner, before launching an assault on Thanos and his army. After a lengthy battle during which Stark is reunited with Parker and Quill is reunited with past Gamora, Thanos wrestles with numerous Avengers for the Infinity Stones. When he's bound by Wanda Maximoff's energy, Thanos orders Glaive to have his ship fire multiple energy blasts, nearly devastating the Avengers' efforts. Captain Marvel reappears, taking out Thanos' ship while fighting for control of the gauntlet. Using the nanotech from the new gauntlet, Stark maneuvers the Infinity Stones from Thanos' hand to his own and uses them to turn Thanos and his entire army into dust, triumphantly stating "I am Iron Man." Parker and Potts console Stark as he dies from exposure to the Stones' radiation. Following the battle, The Avengers hold a funeral for Stark, whose Mark I arc reactor is floated out on the lake next to his house. Barton and Wanda Maximoff take solace in the fact that Romanoff and Vision, who did not return in the snap, would be proud of their victory over Thanos. Thor makes Valkyrie the Queen of Asgard and joins the Guardians of the Galaxy in order to find his true purpose, free of the burden of royalty and leadership for the first time in his life. Barton returns home to his family and Parker returns to school, where he is reunited with his best friend Ned. Meanwhile, Rogers is tasked to go into the past to return the stones and Thor's hammer to their original time lines, but decides not to return to the present and to instead live the rest of his life in the past with Carter. He reappears before Sam Wilson and Bucky Barnes as an old man, and passes his shield and the mantle of Captain America on to Wilson. A brief flashback shows Rogers and Carter finally sharing the dance they never got to have in their living room, truly happy at last. 
 Iron Man 3 (2013)761) When Tony Stark's world is torn apart by a formidable terrorist called the Mandarin, he starts an odyssey of rebuilding and retribution. Marvel's "Iron Man 3" pits brash-but-brilliant industrialist Tony Stark/Iron Man against an enemy whose reach knows no bounds. When Stark finds his personal world destroyed at his enemy's hands, he embarks on a harrowing quest to find those responsible. This journey, at every turn, will test his mettle. With his back against the wall, Stark is left to survive by his own devices, relying on his ingenuity and instincts to protect those closest to him. As he fights his way back, Stark discovers the answer to the question that has secretly haunted him: does the man make the suit or does the suit make the man? Jawadjee The events of Loki's attack on New York City has left Tony Stark a completely changed man. Now saddled with a severe case of insomnia and post traumatic stress disorder, Tony spends his sleepless nights the only way he knows how - coming up with new prototypes for the Iron Man suit. But now new events require that Tony suit up again. A villainous mad man known only as the Mandarin has staged a horrible attack on the Chinese Theater in Los Angeles, and is coming for Tony. An angry Tony wants to confront the Mandarin face to face, who proceeds to stage an attack on Tony's Malibu mansion and leaves him with absolutely nothing - no Pepper, no toys except for a defunct Iron Man prototype called the MK42, and he's stranded in the middle of Tennessee. Tony believes the attack on the Chinese Theater and an attack on a small town in Tennessee are related. As he puts the pieces together and tries to get the MK42 working, he discovers far more sinister forces at work greater than the Mandarin himself. But how does an event from Tony's past fit in with the events of the present? halo1k In Malibu California, Tony Stark has insomnia and over 72 hours he develops the new prototype MK42 of the Iron Man armature. He also recalls events in 1999, in Bern, Switzerland, when he had one night stand with the genetic scientist Maya Hansen that was researching a regenerative process and made fun of his fan Aldrich Killian on the New Year eve. There are explosions in Los Angeles and the terrorist Mandarin assumes the attempts broadcasting through television. When Tony's bodyguard and friend Happy Hogan is seriously wounded in an explosion, Tony Stark challenges Mandarin and gives his address to him. However, three helicopters attack his mansion and he loses everything but his prototype, and he awakes in the Tennessee. Tony tries to make work the defective prototype and soon he discovers that the event from 1999 is connected to the present terrorist attacks. ahmetkozan After saving New York from an alien invasion, billionaire Tony Stark buries himself deeper into his work by building a ton of new and improved Iron Man suits. He also starts having constant nightmares and doesn't know why. But deep in the shadows, a new menace called the Mandarin starts orchestrating a series of terrorist attacks all over the world. When his home is demolished and his suits are destroyed, Stark begins a personal journey to finding out the truth about the bombings and tracking down whoever is truly responsible. Little does Stark know however is that someone else from his past has his own plans against him and proves to be even more powerful than Stark realizes. Blazer346 Tony Stark (Robert Downey, Jr.) wrestles with inner demons while contending with monsters of his own creation in this sequel from writer\director Shane Black. The story in Iron Man 3 picks up shortly after the events of The Avengers. Having previously entered another dimension in order to save New York City, Tony remains deeply haunted by the experience. Unable to sleep, he throws himself into his work with such intensity that it begins to take a heavy toll on both his mental health and his relationship with Pepper Potts (Gwyneth Paltrow). Tony has only started to appreciate the gravity of his problems when an enigmatic terrorist named the Mandarin (Ben Kingsley) hijacks the airwaves and threatens to bring America to its knees with a painful series of "lessons" that even President Ellis (William Sadler) won't be able to ignore. When Tony's former security guard Happy Hogan (Favreau) is badly injured in an explosion caused by one of the Mandarin's agents, the vengeful playboy issues a public threat that results in his home being completely destroyed in a devastating attack, leaving him to face his enemy with only one badly damaged prototype suit. Fortunately, Tony isn't on his own, and with the help of Col. James Rhodes (Don Cheadle) and a young boy named Harley (Ty Simpkins), he pieces together the mystery of the Mandarin, whose final "lesson" promises to be the most painful of all.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with Tony ( Robert Downey Jr. ) narrating a story about how we create our own demons. In a flashback to New Year's Eve 1999, Tony, meets a botanical scientist named Maya Hansen ( Rebecca Hall ) in Bern, Switzerland, and arrogantly avoids crippled nerdy scientist Aldrich Killian ( Guy Pearce ), who wants Tony's backing in his endeavor, Advanced Idea Mechanics (AIM). Maya has an experimental plant. Maya has been working on experimental (and in some cases unethical) biological research in plants that causes their DNA to change drastically and has the power to cure incurable diseases and paralysis. In December 2012, it has been quite some time after the events of New York City and the Avengers Initiative (from 'The Avengers') when Iron Man/Tony Stark saved New York. A haunted Tony Stark has obsessively built several Iron Man suits in his mansion. Tony works on a new model, the Mark 42, which is modular; all the suit pieces fly to him and recombine. The first attempt at making the MK42 work is met with a funk version of "Jingle Bells" with Tony dancing while the pieces are coming at him. As per the course, Tony of course completely ignores any safety measures that JARVIS takes. It ends rather poorly when Tony is thrown across the room attempting flight with the MK42 and it shatters into pieces. JARVIS of course gloats with an "I told you so" moment. Tony then continues his story about creating demons. He then talks about how he turned on the TV to find a new terrorist at work called "The Mandarin" (Ben Kingsley). The Mandarin hijacks American airwaves and makes his American debut by taking credit for the bombing of a US military station in Kuwait that killed the wives and children of soldiers out on maneuvers. President Ellis's initial response to the Mandarin however makes him the butt of the jokes of late night talk show hosts: It seems the only thing that he's able to come up with is to take the MK8, the suit worn by Colonel James Rhodes ( Don Cheadle ) and formerly known as "War Machine" and have it repainted, rebranded, and reintroduced as "The Iron Patriot". Tony later asks Rhodes in a restaurant what's really going on with the Mandarin. Rhodes tells Tony that while the media and the press only know of three bombings attributed to the Mandarin, there have been at least six more that have taken place off the books. Rhodes explains that he's now operating MK8 as the "Iron Patriot" (formerly known as War Machine). While the two are coming to an agreement that the name chosen was horrible, Tony is confronted by a group of kids who want his autograph. Tony jokes that the boy looks very much like Ralphie from A Christmas Story. The girl asks how Tony was able to escape the worm hole in New York, causing him to freak out. Tony makes a B-line for his Iron Man suit and enters, JARVIS explains that Tony is suffering a massive anxiety attack. Back at Stark Industries, Pepper Potts ( Gwyneth Paltrow ) goes to meet her 4:00 appointment. The appointment is Aldrich Killian, who has improved his condition; he's in much better physical shape and his disability seems to be completely gone. Aldrich wants Stark Industries' backing in his think tank called "Advanced Idea Mechanics". AIM's goal is a biological experiment called "Extremis" which harnesses' the brain's power to alter human DNA. He then shows Pepper a large holographic reconstruction of his brain and how Extremis can utilize parts of the brain that would otherwise go unused. Pepper tells Aldrich that Stark Industries isn't interested in funding AIM because the ideas could be translate into human weapons. Happy Hogan ( Jon Favreau ) has found a new career as the head of security at Stark Industries although he's annoying nearly 99% of the company's personnel and visitors with his penchant for requiring everybody to wear badges. Pepper explains that complaints against him have risen nearly 200% since he started working there (which Happy takes as a compliment). Pepper drives home and Tony has a huge stuffed bunny for her as her Christmas gift. However, he is busy working and Pepper isn't greeted by Tony, but by another remote-controlled prototype of the Iron Man suit, leaving Pepper upset. Tony has developed a heads-up-display (HUD) and is using it as a remote control. That night while asleep, Tony experiences PTSD-induced trauma about what happened in New York. They're then startled when one of the new prototype Iron Man suits is awakened and has made its' way into the bedroom. Tony then immediately dismantles it. A frustrated Pepper tells Tony that she's going to sleep downstairs and has him "tinker with that" after he explains to Pepper that he's been a complete mess since the events in New York and has been unable to sleep. The next day Happy follows one of Killian's men, Eric Savin ( James Badge Dale ), to the Grauman's Chinese Theater. Savin gives another man, Jack Taggart, a briefcase. Happy tries to intercede but is beaten senseless by Savin, and seconds later, Taggart overheats and explodes, leaving behind only his old dog tags. Happy is severely injured, while Savin walks away. Hours later, the Mandarin hijacks the TV airwaves to take responsibility for the blast. Tony is now furious over Happy, who has been left comatose by the bombing. After visiting the hospital to check on Happy, and to make sure that all of the hospital employees were wearing badges while in Happy's room (not to mention make sure that the TV is playing Downton Abbey (2010) , Happy's favorite show), Tony is mobbed by reporters. One of them blatantly asks if Tony is going to kill this guy. A frustrated Tony then asks the reporters if that's what they really want, then issues his threat to the Mandarin saying that he just died and gives his home address on TV, egging on the Mandarin to carry out an attack on his home and that he'll be ready. Tony then angrily destroys the reporter's tape recorder and tells the mob of reporters to bill him. While at home, Tony has JARVIS bring up a hologram diagram of the destruction at Grauman's Chinese Theater. While JARVIS is analyzing the attack, Tony discovers that Happy is pointing to a curious oddity of military dog tags with the name "Jack Taggart" etched onto them. Since there was no active military personnel at the blast, Tony wonders exactly what the dog tags are doing there. JARVIS then analyzes the latest Mandarin attack and compares with past incidents. This blast at the theater bears resemblance to an incident that happened four years ago in Rose Hill, Tennessee, and predates any known Mandarin attack, where an ex-army soldier named Chad Davis blew himself up, taking five people with him. Tony asks JARVIS if he's ever been to Tennessee. JARVIS then creates a flight path for the Iron Man suit. He's interrupted when the doorbell rings. A paranoid Tony wonders why he's getting visitors since he told JARVIS that the house is on complete and total lock down. The visitor turns out not to be the Mandarin, but Dr. Maya Hansen, who believes Tony is in danger. A freaked out Pepper is arguing with Maya and just as that's happening, the house is attacked by three helicopter gunships disguised as news choppers. Tony commands the MK42 suit to cover and protect Pepper. Pepper and Maya survive the attack. Tony gets the MK42 back and manages to destroy two of the helicopters, but down on power he cannot fly. The house crumbles into the sea, taking Tony with it. The suit regains some power and flies off, unseen. Tony passes out. Sometime later, Tony awakens in the suit when JARVIS sets off the low battery alarm. He then sees he's plummeting towards the ground and crashes into a snowy forest at full speed. Initially, he thinks he's in Northern California, but JARVIS informs him that he's actually five miles outside of Rose Hill, Tennessee. Tony is exasperated, but JARVIS reminds him that he asked for a flight plan to be made. With no more power, JARVIS shuts itself down. Tony trudges through the snow, dragging the MK42 along with him. He stops at a gas station, where he uses a payphone to call Pepper, then steals a Poncho off a cigar store mannequin. Tony then drags the MK42 to a seemingly empty house nearby. Inside, he immediately begins work on repairing the MK42. But the house isn't empty. It's occupied by a lonely 10 year old kid named Harley Keener ( Ty Simpkins ), who is stunned to find Tony working in his garage. Tony asks Harley for some help and promises that he'll be rewarded later on if he gets the help he needs. Harley tells Tony that the world thinks he's dead after the attack on his mansion. Tony calls himself "The Mechanic" and Harley asks Tony one question too many about the events in New York City, causing Tony to have another anxiety attack. Back at the remains of Tony's destroyed Malibu mansion, Pepper is searching for any clues to find out whether or not Tony's still alive. Thankfully she is able to retrieve a voice message left from Tony recorded after the attack that proves that he is alive. A relieved Pepper then seeks answers. Tony, working with Harley, assumes that Harley is being bullied at school because Harley keeps making harmless weapons to defend himself with, like a potato gun. Tony finally manages to get JARVIS back online thanks to a HUD display that he developed several months prior to the bombing. Teaming with Harley, Tony investigates the remains of the Mandarin-esque suicide bombing. Harley tells Tony about all the rumors surrounding the attack and the "soldier" in question. Tony notices that there are five shadows on a concrete wall, from the five victims who were killed along with Chad Davis. Tony then meets with Davis's mother at a bar, where he notices she's expecting someone and has a file on hand. He is about to ask her more questions when one of Killian's agents, Ellen Brandt, shows up and suddenly cuffs Tony. She poses as a Homeland Security agent to explain her actions to the sheriff, but when he starts asking her for identification, she shoots him. Tony manages to escape the bar, only to be cornered by Savin. He manages to defeat Brandt by luring her into a room where he's opened a gas line, and heats up Davis's dog tags in a microwave. The explosion throws Brandt into a telephone line and electrocutes her. Savin tries to take Harley hostage, but Harley overpowers him, allowing Tony to grab his car keys and escape. Tony drives off in Savin's car. While he drives, the Mandarin hijacks the airwaves once more and explains that he's going to brutally murder the CEO of a major oil company on live television if the president doesn't contact them within a specific time frame. Despite the President making the phone call, the Mandarin carries out the shooting, warning that the President is his next target. Tony calls Rhodes, who has managed to locate what they think is the Mandarin. Rhodes takes his suit to the Middle East. There, he is shocked to find nothing but an abandoned warehouse which doesn't have a single trace of the Mandarin. He also finds that the file he got in Rose Hill is a document from Advanced Idea Mechanics, Killian's company. Back in Tennessee, Tony drives to a nearby beauty pageant, and sneaks into one of the camera crew vans so he can research the data on the documents he's found. Fortunately for Tony, the van is being operated by one of Tony's biggest fans, who even goes so far as to have Iron Man's likeness tattooed on his arm - though rather unrecognizable. Tony hacks into AIM's servers and finds video footage that sheds new light on what is going on: the bombs are the work of soldiers from the Extremis program, an experimental treatment intended to allow its users to recover from crippling injuries like amputations. However, if a user's body cannot properly metabolize Extremis, the user's body heats to an extreme temperature and explodes. After veterans started growing unstable and exploding, their deaths were used to cover up Extremis' flaws by manufacturing a terrorist plot. The test footage shows that a number of early subjects were killed because of Extremis's flaws. Rhodes tracks the Mandarin's IP address and is led to a sweat shop in the Middle East. But it turns out to be a trap; one of Killian's agents disarms him and knocks him unconscious. Killian's men steal Rhodes' suit. Tony uses the IP address that the Mandarin has been using to hijack American airwaves and traces him to Miami, Florida. Tony infiltrates the estate headquarters using a variety of home-made weapons fashioned from stuff bought at a hardware store, Harley's trade mark potato gun, and a limited edition Dora the Explorer watch belonging to Harley's unseen sister. Inside he discovers the Mandarin is actually a flighty British actor named Trevor Slattery ( Ben Kingsley ), who is oblivious to the acts the Mandarin has carried out. When confronted, Slattery manages to tell both Tony and Rhodes that he's the Mandarin, and manages to completely annoy them both, and Tony goes to confront Killian, while Rhodes stays behind and tries to get any information he can out of the completely clueless Slattery. Tony is captured by some of Killian's henchmen - who are also Extremis experiments, and Maya reveals she was working with Killian all along. She thinks Tony can help perfect the Extremis DNA. Aldrich arrives and reveals he has kidnapped Pepper and subjected her to Extremis, intending to infuse her with superhuman abilities and turn her against Tony as leverage to gain Tony's aid in fixing Extremis' flaws. Aldrich then shoots and kills Maya. Tony, strapped to a bed frame by two of Killian's men, escapes by summoning the MK42 suit from Tennessee, piece by piece, and reunites with Rhodes on the estate, discovering that Aldrich intends to attack President Ellis aboard Air Force One. Unfortunately the MK42 has yet to regain full flight power. Savin boards the President's plane wearing the Iron Patriot suit, shoots the Secret Service agents aboard and takes the President. Savin then blows holes in the airliner body and survivors fall out. Iron Man kills Savin and manages to rescue the falling people by using a small electrical current to hold them all together. When he lands on a nearby bridge, the suit is hit by a large truck and breaks into its components, revealing Tony had been controlling it remotely. Meanwhile the Iron Patriot suit flies away with the President on board. Tony and Rhodes trace Aldrich to an impounded oil drilling platform where Aldrich intends to kill Ellis on live television. The Vice President will become a puppet leader, following Aldrich's orders in exchange for Extremis to cure a little girl's disability. Rhodes tracks the President to a massive ship yard at Miami's port. Tony enacts a new strategy, and has JARVIS enact the "House Party Protocol" which unleashes a massive army of Iron Man suits - each one different from the next. On the platform, Tony goes to save Pepper, and Rhodes saves the President. Tony discovers Pepper has survived the Extremis procedure. However, before he can save her, a container crane rig collapses around them and she falls 200 feet to her apparent death. Tony is forced into confronting Aldrich using several suits and finally traps him in the 42 suit that self-destructs. But, a glowing Aldrich survives and staggers toward a defenseless Stark. Killian tells Tony that the Mandarin was made up, that he is the Mandarin and that all attacks were taken out by Extremis experiments. Pepper shows up with Extremis powers and finishes off the weakened Aldrich. After the battle, Tony orders JARVIS to implement "Clean Slate Protocol" which destroys each remaining Iron Man suit remotely, as a sign of his intention to devote more time to Pepper. The Vice President and Slattery are arrested. In a voiceover Tony mentions Pepper is cured and Tony himself undergoes surgery to remove the shrapnel embedded near his heart, eliminating the need for his chestpiece to control it. He pitches his obsolete chest arc reactor into the sea, muses he will always be Iron Man, even without his armor. He gathers some scrap parts from his house wreckage and drives off in his Audi eTron. He then leaves Harley with a rebuilt lab and new version of Harley's trademark potato gun, telling him that Iron Man will be back and leaves a thank you note from "The Mechanic". In a post-credits scene, it is revealed that Stark has been recounting his experiences to Dr. Bruce Banner ( Mark Ruffalo , uncredited), who awakens, having fallen asleep at the beginning of Tony's story, followed by the words "Tony Stark will return". 
 Iron Man (2008)541) After being held captive in an Afghan cave, billionaire engineer Tony Stark creates a unique weaponized suit of armor to fight evil. Tony Stark. Genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. Son of legendary inventor and weapons contractor Howard Stark. When Tony Stark is assigned to give a weapons presentation to an Iraqi unit led by Lt. Col. James Rhodes, he's given a ride on enemy lines. That ride ends badly when Stark's Humvee that he's riding in is attacked by enemy combatants. He survives - barely - with a chest full of shrapnel and a car battery attached to his heart. In order to survive he comes up with a way to miniaturize the battery and figures out that the battery can power something else. Thus Iron Man is born. He uses the primitive device to escape from the cave in Iraq. Once back home, he then begins work on perfecting the Iron Man suit. But the man who was put in charge of Stark Industries has plans of his own to take over Tony's technology for other matters. halo1k After being kidnapped by a powerful terrorist organization, brilliant industrialist Tony Stark narrowly escapes using an iron suit he crafted from scrap metal and spare parts. Upon returning home, he devotes all of his time and resources to perfecting the iron man suit, and using it to fight evil, sometimes in the place where he least expects it. Billionaire, genius, playboy, philanthropist? All this and more sums up Tony Stark. After a weapons presentation in Iraq, Stark gets himself captured which also results in him having a chest filled with shrapnel. Needing to escape, he miniaturizes it and dons a suit of armor. This results in the birth of the Armored Avenger Iron Man. Once returned safely, Stark works to perfect his design and uses it to protect all mankind. This activity catches the eye of a mysterious organization known as SHIELD. On the other hand, the chairman of Stark Industries discovers this and has plans of his own for Tony's work. Blazer346 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A convoy of military Humvees drives across the Afghanistan desert. In one of them is billionaire weapons developer Tony Stark ( Robert Downey Jr. ), riding with soldiers on duty. He is joking with some members of a convoy who seem to be genuinely amused by his persona and his flamboyant public image. Suddenly, the convoy is ambushed by unseen gunmen. The soldiers fight to defend themselves but are quickly killed. Tony flees the Humvee, taking refuge behind a large rock. Moments later, a missile lands nearby and explodes, but not before Tony sees the Stark Industries logo painted on it. A small amount of shrapnel penetrates his body armor and he is thrown backwards, losing consciousness. Las Vegas, 36 hours earlier Tony Stark is about to receive the Apogee Award in Las Vegas. A presentation documents Tony's life story: born the son of legendary weapons developer Howard Stark, Tony is a child prodigy who built his first circuit board when he was four years old, his first V8 engine when he was six, and graduated summa cum laude from MIT when he was 17. His parents were killed in a car accident in 1991, and when he was 21, he became CEO of Stark Industries, where he is to this day. Colonel James "Rhodey" Rhodes ( Terrence Howard ) prepares to present Tony the award, but Tony is not in attendance. Tony's right-hand man (and his father's former partner) Obadiah Stane ( Jeff Bridges ) accepts the award in Tony's stead. Rhodey later finds Tony partying in a casino. On his way out, a reporter named Christine Everhart ( Leslie Bibb ) approaches Stark with some questions regarding the ethics of his weapons business. Stark deflects her questions with some swift quips and the two end up spending the night together at Tony's oceanfront house in Malibu. The next morning, Christine is awakened by a voice on a computer monitor. It's JARVIS (voice: Paul Bettany ), the artificially intelligent program responsible for running Tony's house and his research lab. As Christine leaves the house, she's greeted by Tony's human assistant, Virginia "Pepper" Potts ( Gwyneth Paltrow ). Pepper helps Tony catch up on some business before Tony heads out to the airport where his plane awaits. In flight, Tony talks with Rhodey. Rhodey is unhappy about Tony's lax attitude, and Tony tries to get his old friend to relax. Before long they are drunk and leering at the flight attendants. Tony arrives at a military outpost in Afghanistan to demonstrate his company's latest project: the Jericho, an advanced super-missile system. After the demonstration, Tony gets a phone call from Obadiah and they are both pleased that the demonstration went well. Refusing to ride with Rhodey, Tony takes off in another Humvee where the ambush from the opening of the story takes place. Much later, Tony regains consciousness in a cave. On his chest is a strange device, crudely connected to a car battery. Another captive, Dr. Ho Yinsen ( Shaun Toub ), explains that he operated on Tony but was unable to remove all of the shrapnel. Yinsen created a device -- essentially an electromagnet -- that will keep the remaining fragments from shifting and causing further damage to his heart. The terrorists who captured Tony and Yinsen enter the room. Yinsen translates; they want Tony to build them a Jericho missile. Tony refuses and they torture him by dunking his head in water. Hours later, the terrorists, members of a group called the the Ten Rings, show off a huge stockpile of weapons -- all made by Stark Industries. Tony appears to give in and starts building the missile, but he has other plans. With Yinsen's steady doctor's hands, and using palladium collected from his weapons, Tony constructs a tiny version of an arc reactor, streamlined from a much bigger design used at his company's headquarters. The power output is enough to run Stark's heart for "fifty lifetimes... or something much bigger for about 15 minutes." It will also be enough to keep the shrapnel in Tony's heart from shifting any further and killing him. Yinsen tells Tony a little about himself; he lived in an Afghani village called Gulmira that was attacked by the Ten Rings. He doesn't know if his family is still alive. He also reveals that he'd met Tony years before at a conference but Tony was so drunk that night he probably doesn't remember him. Tony is spurred and seems to have a change of heart. He begins to draw up plans for a weapon system, an armored suit powered by the arc reactor that he will wear and use to defeat the terrorists. Midway through construction, the head of the Ten Rings, Raza ( Faran Tahir ), arrives and threatens to torture Yinsen, angry because he thinks Stark is not working on the Jericho as they wanted. Tony bargains for Yinsen's life, saying he makes a good assistant. Raza gives them one more day to finish. Working furiously overnight, Tony completes his project. Yinsen straps Tony into the completed armored suit, telling him the way out of the cave. They set off a bomb inside the cell door as a distraction for the guards as Tony powers up his suit. Yinsen realizes that they will not have enough time. Over Tony's protests, he grabs a gun and runs off to distract the surviving guards. Tony, his suit now fully powered, muscles his way through the cave. The guards try to stop him but his suit easily deflects their weapon fire and he beats them off or kills them. He also fires one of the suit's missiles at Raza himself, who is flung out of sight by the blast. Halfway out of the cavern, Stark finds Yinsen, mortally wounded. Yinsen reveals that this was his plan, sacrificing himself so Tony could escape -- Yinsen's family is already dead and he will now see them again in the afterlife. Tony tearfully thanks Yinsen for saving him. Yinsen's last words to Stark are not to waste his second chance at life. Tony turns his suit on the remaining terrorists, igniting flame-throwers and firing missiles. He destroys their stockpile of weapons, but some of their larger-caliber weaponry begins to damage his suit. He uses a rudimentary jet-pack to launch himself out of the valley. Not long after firing, his jet-pack fails and he survives a crash in the desert. Stark leaves the suit behind and hikes through the desert until a couple of US helicopters fly overhead. A group of soldiers, led by Rhodey, come across Tony. Rhodey is overjoyed to find that his friend is alive. Tony is quickly flown back to the United States. Upon his arrival at Edwards Air Force Base, Pepper wants Tony to receive medical treatment, but Tony says that there are only two things he wants: an American cheeseburger and a company press conference. So Tony appears before a group of reporters and, clearly humbled and no longer the arrogant CEO he was before his capture, announces that he intends to shut down Stark Industries' weapons manufacturing division immediately. At the same time, Pepper is approached by Agent Phil Coulson ( Clark Gregg ) the from Strategic Homeland Intervention, Enforcement & Logistic Division. They want to talk to Tony about his capture. Pepper schedules an appointment for them. That evening, Obadiah confronts Tony about his actions, furious. Obadiah knows that the stock value for their company (and, by extension, their financial status) is going to take a serious drop because of this announcement. Tony wants Stark Industries to move forward with arc reactor technology, but Obadiah thinks that the arc reactor is nothing but a publicity stunt. Through the conversation, Tony ends up revealing his Mark I chestpiece to Obadiah but refuses to allow the device to be studied for production. Stane convinces Tony to lie low for a while so the company can sort things out. Pepper watches Jim Cramer deliver a scathing news segment on Mad Money on the declining value of Stark Industries when Tony asks for her help. He's created an upgraded and much more powerful mini arc reactor, the Mark II chestpiece, but can't install it into his chest without someone to help -- his assisting robot, Dummy, tried to insert the arc reactor but failed and Pepper's hands are small enough to fit inside the chamber in Tony's chest. Pepper accidentally yanks out the cords for the old reactor too soon, putting Tony on the verge of cardiac arrest. They manage to complete the process in time. Tony tells Pepper to destroy the old model since he's not a sentimental person. Tony visits Rhodes and asks for help with a new private project. Rhodey does not agree with Tony's approach; he thinks Tony is suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder because of his capture and needs time to recover. Tony turns to his other best friend -- JARVIS -- for help. Tony's plan is revealed to be an upgrade to his armored suit (referred to as Mark II; the suit from the terrorist cave was Mark I). Tony, studying a 3D CGI-mapped image of the Mark I, discards many of the components, streamlining the design. Meanwhile, Raza, having survived his battle with Stark and severely scarred by the rocket attack in the cave, searches the desert, gathering all fragments of the Mark I suit that Tony left behind. Tony decides that the first thing he has to do is to perfect the armor's flight system. Since the leg-mounted jets proved too unstable, he creates repulsors for the feet and palm-mounted stabilizers for balance. Pepper comes in when he is testing the stabilizers and they find that it also creates a powerful repulsion beam that could also be used as a weapon. In his first test, the repulsor blows him backward. Pepper leaves a paper-wrapped box on Tony's desk as a gift. Obadiah visits Tony and reveals that the board of directors has filed an injunction to gain control of Stark Industries. Tony isn't worried; he still maintains controlling interest in Stark Industries. After several failed and painful attempts, Tony perfects his flight system, and is delighted at the prospect of flying. The Mark II armored suit is soon finished. It looks like a heavily-streamlined version of Tony's Mark I armor. Tony connects with JARVIS to monitor the progress in the suit. Against JARVIS's advice, Tony takes it out for a test flight, and he is thrilled by the suit's functionality. Tony pushes the limit for high-atmosphere flying, but at such great heights the freezing air causes the suit to become coated with ice and his power supply shuts down. Tony is barely able to reactivate his thrusters in time to avoid crashing into the ground. Stark returns home, but the armor is so heavy that it smashes through three floors of the house and he crushes one of his prized sports cars. As Tony recovers from his crash landing, he opens the box that Pepper left behind earlier; inside is the Mark I arc reactor, encased as a trophy with the message, "Proof That Tony Stark Has a Heart." Tony analyzes more data and decides to rebuild the suit using gold titanium from an old project to solve the icing and weight problems. He instructs JARVIS to add some hot-rod red trim to the next suit, codenamed Mark III, then leaves to attend his annual benefit dinner while the new suit is being assembled and painted. At the charity event, Tony meets with Agent Coulson, who still wants to learn about Tony's incident. Tony leaves to dance with Pepper and they share a moment together in the moonlight. Christine, the reporter Tony slept with prior to leaving for Afghanistan, angrily confronts him, showing him photographs of his weapons being used by a terrorist group the previous day in the remote Afghan town of Gulmira, Yinsen's home village. Tony confronts Obadiah on the matter, and Obadiah reveals that he is the one who filed the injunction against Tony. Obadiah calls himself an "iron monger," and has no qualms about selling Stark Industries weapons to both sides of the conflict. Tony returns home, furious. While there he watches news reports of the worsening situation in the Gulmira region. He tests modifications to his hand repulsors, turning them into a weapon and blasting out several glass panes. When the new suit is completed it is fitted to his body by an automated robotic system. Stark flies off to Gulmira at hypersonic speed, determined to right his company's wrongs. In Gulmira, terrorists are rounding up civilians for capture and execution when Tony shows up. His Mark III armor is more than a match for them. Within seconds, he defeats the first group of terrorists, using his advanced weapons to take out several without any innocent casualties. He leaves the group's leader, Raza's chief lieutenant, alive and defenseless for the villagers to take their revenge on. While flying to find his weapons, Iron Man is shot down by a tank shell. When he gets up, a second shell barely misses him. He responds by shooting a mini-missile at the tank, destroying it. Using the palm repulsors he designed, he destroys the captured Jericho missiles. After they are demolished, Raza arrives in time to see Tony fly off. CENTCOM at Edwards Air Force Base detects Tony in flight, mistaking him for a rogue drone. Col. Rhodes is asked about the status of any new developments. He contacts Tony, who claims that he knows nothing about what is happening. In the meantime, Tony is confronted by two F-22 Raptors. He tries to outrun the jets but they are too much for him. Tony calls Rhodes and reveals that he is responsible for the "unidentified craft." Rhodey is furious about Tony sending in unauthorized equipment, and horrified when Tony explains that the "equipment" is actually himself in his new invention. Tony is hit by one fighter jet, sending him flying into the wing of the second jet. The pilot is forced to eject, but his parachute fails to open. Iron Man, still under fire, flies in and deploys the parachute in time to rescue the pilot. Tony convinces Rhodey to pass off what happened with the jets as a "training exercise." After Tony arrives back at home, Pepper catches him while the robotic system is removing his suit. The disassembly is not going as well as the assembly and Tony quips that Pepper has seen him in situations that were much worse. Meanwhile, Stane pays a visit to the Ten Rings' camp, revealing he'd paid the organization to capture and kill Tony, but they realized who Tony was and had demanded a much higher price when they made their tape. Using a high-powered sonic device that induces temporary paralysis, Stane immobilizes Raza and takes the remnants of the Mark I armor they have gathered. Stane then has his men execute everyone in the camp. Tony tries to talk Pepper into helping him, believing that nothing else matters but saving the people who he put in harm's way. Pepper is moved by Tony's dedication, and agrees. She goes into Obadiah's office with a flash drive programmed to copy files from the computer. As Pepper sifts through stored files, she finds a video from the terrorists proving that Obadiah was responsible for Tony's capture. Obadiah comes into the office and sees her at the computer, but Pepper manages to hide what she is really doing. She leaves the office, but as soon as he powers up the computer, Obadiah realizes what she was up to. On the way out, Pepper sees Agent Coulson and tells him he can have his interview immediately so that he accompanies her safely out of the building. Obadiah meets with his team of developers who are working on his own armored suit based on the Mark I. They have rebuilt the components, but they cannot miniaturize Stark's arc reactor. Stane is furious but relents when the lead developer tells him he's not the genius Tony is. Obadiah realizes that he has one other option. Stane arrives at Tony's house and paralyzes him with the sonic weapon. Obadiah yanks out the the Mark II chest piece from Tony's chest, taunting him about how it will be the flagship invention in a new era of weaponry. After he leaves, Tony realizes that he has only one hope for survival -- the preserved arc reactor that Pepper gave him as a gift. He staggers down to his workshop and nearly dies while trying to retrieve the reactor, which is handed to him by Dummy. Tony gets the reactor installed just as Rhodey arrives. Rhodey informs him that five agents have gone to arrest Obadiah, but Tony knows that is not nearly enough manpower. Rhodey watches Tony suit up, awestruck at the Iron Man armor. Rhodey asks if there's anything Tony needs, Tony asks him to "keep the skies clear." As Tony flies away, Rhodey spots the silver-colored prototype suit, the Mark II... then shakes his head and mumbles "Next time." Pepper, Coulson and several other agents arrive at Obadiah's research facility. They spot the Mark I armor and a storage location where something else was kept. Just then, a gigantic robotic suit comes to life and attacks them -- it's Obadiah's counterpart suit, code-named the Iron Monger, powered by the chest piece he stole from Tony. While Tony flies towards the research facility, JARVIS warns him that he has only about half power in the suit because the older chest piece wasn't designed power the Mark III during sustained flight. Tony arrives just as Obadiah is about to execute Pepper. The two ironclad warriors begin a huge, brawling battle that spills into the streets near Stark Industries while Tony tries to protect any innocent civilians. Tony flies into the upper atmosphere, drawing Obadiah along with him. Obadiah struggles but before long his suit begins to freeze up -- it has the same icing problem that Tony's Mark II had. Obadiah begins to fall back to Earth, leaving Tony hovering above. The older arc reactor begins to lose power rapidly and Tony falls back to Earth, landing on top of his factory, running on auxiliary backup power. Back on the ground, Obadiah attacks Tony again. Tony manages to disable the weapons tracking system in Obadiah's suit and evades Obadiah long enough to instruct Pepper to overload the building's arc reactor, which will generate a shock wave strong enough to disable Obadiah's suit. Pepper is hesitant, believing that Tony could also be killed. Tony manages to keep fighting while she builds up power to the reactor. The reactor releases its shock wave, knocking out the Iron Monger suit, which falls into the reactor, killing Stane and destroying the reactor. Stark's original mini arc reactor sparks back to life, allowing Tony to survive. Days later, Rhodey holds a press conference about the incident with the two "robots." Tony is impressed with the name the newspapers come up with, "Iron Man," and plans to adopt it. Agent Coulson has released cover stories about the death of Obadiah (who will die in a small plane crash while Tony is supposedly elsewhere) and the "truth" about Iron Man (who will be referred to as Stark's bodyguard). Pepper thanks Coulson but cannot remember the full name of the group he belongs to. Coulson tells them to call it "S.H.I.E.L.D." and says that they will be in touch again. Tony goes before the reporters once more, and prepares to comply with the cover story. But, as he begins talking, he throws away his notes and declares "I am Iron Man." The press goes into a frenzy. Much later (after the credits), Tony returns home to find a mysterious man in black telling him that as Iron Man, Tony has become part of a larger universe. Tony asks who the man is. He turns around and introduces himself: Nick Fury, director of S.H.I.E.L.D. ( Samuel L. Jackson ). He's come to talk with Tony about an upcoming project known as the "Avenger Initiative." 
 Sherlock Holmes (2009)651) Detective Sherlock Holmes and his stalwart partner Watson engage in a battle of wits and brawn with a nemesis whose plot is a threat to all of England. After finally catching serial killer and occult "sorcerer" Lord Blackwood, legendary sleuth Sherlock Holmes and his assistant Dr. Watson can close yet another successful case. But when Blackwood mysteriously returns from the grave and resumes his killing spree, Holmes must take up the hunt once again. Contending with his partner's new fiance and the dimwitted head of Scotland Yard, the dauntless detective must unravel the clues that will lead him into a twisted web of murder, deceit, and black magic - and the deadly embrace of temptress Irene Adler. The Massie Twins In London, Sherlock Holmes and his partner Dr. John Watson captures the follower of black magic and serial killer Lord Blackwood that has already killed five women when he is near to kill his sixth victim. Blackwood is sentenced to be strung up and Dr. Watson attests his death. However, Blackwood mysteriously returns from the afterlife and Inspector Lestrade summons Sherlock Holmes to help the Scotland Yard in the investigation. Meanwhile Dr. Watson intends to get married of the gorgeous Mary Morstan while Sherlock is visited by his former lover Irene Adler that has a secret agenda. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil With the arrest of Lord Blackwood, Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson believe they have stopped one of London's most dangerous killers, responsible for five deaths and about to commit a sixth when he is apprehended. Several months later he is hanged for his crimes but rumors begin to circulate that he is in fact still alive, having used managed and the black arts to escape society's judgment. When they disinter his remains, they find the body of another man in the coffin. Soon, all of London is atwitter with the news that Blackwood has risen from the dead and for some, he is the devil incarnate. With the assistance of the very capable Irene Adler, Holmes and Watson must stop Blackwood before he can initiate his master plan: the takeover of the British government and eventually, world domination. garykmcd As a spate of ritualistic murders terrorises late-1800s Victorian London, the lithe pugilist and debauched detective with the uncanny sense of deduction, Sherlock Holmes, and his acutely observant brother-in-arms, Dr Watson, manage to send to the gallows their occultist arch-enemy, Lord Blackwood. However, evil knows no boundaries--and as the disquieting rumours that the fiendish practitioner of the black arts has eluded death start to spread like wildfire--a mysterious copycat picks up where the deceased aristocrat left off. Now, against the backdrop of rampant superstition, Sherlock's feisty old flame with a hidden agenda, Irene Adler, has returned to further complicate matters, as the seemingly resurrected Blackwood continues his reign of terror. Has the dark lord, indeed, returned from the dead? Is he intent on slaughter and destruction? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie begins by showing the Warner Brothers and Village Roadshow logos embedded into a cobblestone pavement. We transition to Dr. John Watson ( Jude Law ) and Inspector Lestrade ( Eddie Marsan ) riding in a carriage in the middle of the night. Sherlock Holmes ( Robert Downey Jr. ) follows on foot. He's in a tremendous hurry - he darts between columns, up and down stairs and around buildings effortlessly - and finally enters a non-descript building. Once inside, Holmes starts running down a spiral staircase, but pauses when he notices a henchman waving a lantern and keeping watch. He analyzes the situation, then takes out the henchman. We see the attack get carried out twice - first as Holmes plans it, and again as he executes it: a hammer blow to the side of the head, then grabbing the henchman by his neck to silence his scream, then dragging his left leg. Then in real-time, we see Holmes do all of the following at rapid speed before stealing the sentry's bowler hat. Holmes continues running down the stairs, until he reaches the basement, where a black magic ritual is taking place. Holmes hides behind a column to assess the situation again. In the center of the room, he observes a young woman wearing a white dress, tied to a table, while a hooded figure stands over her chanting some sort of Latin. Scattered across the room are several other hooded figures and henchmen. Holmes begins calculating how to take them out, but is interrupted when a guard comes up from behind him. He fights with the guard, then Watson shows up and chokes the man into unconsciousness. They greet each other with amusing banter (their friendship is very much written as a bromance, and come up at several points in the film), where Watson chides Holmes for forgetting to bring his pistol AND forgetting to turn off the stove. Watson and Holmes race downstairs and attack the henchmen, overpowering most of them while the hooded figure continues the ritual. Back at the table, the (possibly possessed) girl reaches up for a dagger and makes to stab herself. Holmes finishes defeating the henchmen, hurries over and stops her just in time. The hooded figure stops to greet Holmes by name, and is unmasked as Lord Henry Blackwood ( Mark Strong ). As he taunts Holmes, Watson comes running over, but is stopped by Holmes. Turns out, Lord Blackwood is holding some kind of thin stiletto glass knife that would have pierced Watson through the nose if he had gotten any closer. Holmes directs Watson to put his energies into tending the girl, and Lestrade and his men burst in just in the nick of time. As Blackwood and the henchmen are arrested, Lestrade chides Holmes for not waiting for Lestrade's orders. Holmes says that the girl's parents hired him, so he doesn't report to Lestrade. Before Lestrade can retort, a newspaper photographer who wants to take their picture interrupts him. Holmes throws up an arm and prevents the camera from capturing his face. Thus, all the credit is given to Lestrade instead. The credits flash by and consist of newspaper headlines detailing Holmes and Watson's exploits. Three months later, at 221B Baker Street, Watson is treating an elderly patient. As he dresses, the patient asks about Watson's plans to move his medical practice to a new headquarters. Watson confirms that he is moving, and that he hopes to have a woman's touch around the place soon. The patient congratulates him on his (potential - as Watson hasn't proposed yet) nuptials, before nervously asking if Holmes is moving too. Watson says no, but is promptly interrupted by several gunshots that send both men ducking for cover. The patient leaps up and says that the blasts must be gunfire, but Watson soothes him and lies that Holmes is probably hanging a picture with nails and hammer. Watson ducks out to check on the commotion, and is met by Mrs. Hudson ( Geraldine James ). She tells Watson that Holmes is in a mood, and she hopes that he can calm Sherlock down. At this point, the elderly patient comes out and is about to talk, when there's the sound of gunfire again. Watson tells Mrs. Hudson to get the patient a cup of tea, and he'll go see to Holmes himself. He also asks Mrs. Hudson to bring some food to cheer up Holmes. When Watson walks into Holmes's study, the entire room is dark. Watson comments into the darkness that he knows Holmes is bored, as it's been awhile since the Blackwood case. Holmes remarks that he's trying to figure out a way to silence the sound of gunfire, and Watson sarcastically retorts that it's clearly not working. As Watson talks, he goes around opening up the blinds in the room, which causes Holmes to groan painfully. Watson starts rifling through Holmes's mail and offers him prospective cases to consider. Holmes flippantly solves all of them without a second thought. Watson also points out that Holmes is in the papers again, as Lord Blackwood is about to be hanged, and Watson will be the attending physician, as he considers it a good away to conclude his final adventure with Holmes. Mrs. Hudson comes in with tea and snacks, points out that the family bulldog Gladstone is lying immobile on the floor, saying that Holmes has killed the dog, again. Watson hurries over to check on the animal, and asks Sherlock what he's done to the dog now. Holmes nonchalantly says he was just testing out a new anesthetic. Nothing seems to be cheering Holmes up, so Watson throws down the mail and tells Holmes that he needs to get out of the house. He tells Holmes that he's going to join Watson and his future fiance for dinner at a London hotel. Holmes begrudgingly agrees. At an upscale restaurant, Holmes checks his watch several times before Watson and Mary Morstan ( Kelly Reilly ) show up. They chitchat, and Holmes's deductive powers come up. Mary shows some suspicion at Holmes's deduction skills. He points out several basic details about Watson simply from his walking stick, indicating that he is a decorated army veteran of the Afghan Wars. Mary asks Holmes to analyze her, over Watson's objections. He points out that she's a governess and has been engaged once before, but likely broke off the engagement because the fianc wasn't wealthy enough for her. By this point Mary is starting to be come increasingly uncomfortable with Holmes's comments, but Holmes doesn't notice her discomfort or Watson's warnings. He just continues rambling on. He also adds that she's probably trying to do better this time around - e.g. finding a doctor to wed. Mary is extremely offended by his comment, and tosses a glass of wine in his face. She then tells him that everything he said was true, but her first fiance died. She then gets up to leave, thoroughly upset by Holmes's rudeness, and is followed by Watson. Holmes remains at the table and has his dinner, alone, though it looks like he expected this meeting to go bad. Later that night, Holmes participates in a bare-knuckles boxing match. He's getting pummeled by the larger fighter, McMurdo, and seems to be losing. He's suddenly distracted by the appearance of a white handkerchief at the side of the ring with the monogrammed initials "IA." He scans the room and notices his old flame Irene Adler ( Rachel McAdams ), who then winks at him. Holmes makes to leave the ring - to the great disappointment of those cheering him on - but stops when his opponent spits on him. Using the deductive logic we saw earlier, Holmes figures out how to use the handkerchief and some well-calculated moves to take out his opponent. We see the fight sequence twice - once as Holmes is planning through it, and then in real-time as he executes it: it starts when he flicks the handkerchief in front of McMurdo to distract him, then blocks McMurdo's blind jab and counters with a cross to the left cheek, and Holmes claps his hands over the opponent's ears. The dazed McMurdo tries to deploy a haymaker, but Holmes counters with an elbow block and one blow to the chest. Holmes then delivers a cross to the right side of the jaw that fractures the bone, delivers two more body blows and a right hook to the jaw, and finally a heel kick that sends McMurdo crashing out of the ring. He carries them out with blinding speed to the shock and surprise of everyone in the room. When the opponent hits the ground, the entire room falls silent in shock, and someone actually says, "Where did THAT come from?" Holmes looks around, and realizes that Irene's gone. He takes the money from a bookie and leaves. Over at Scotland Yard, the prison guards are trying to deal with a potential riot. In front of Blackwood's cell, a guard is suffering a seizure, and no one wants to be around him for fear of his black magic. One of the braver guards asks him what he wants, and he says that he wants to talk to Holmes. It's his final request. Meanwhile, we next see Watson walking up the stairs at the Punch Bowl tavern. He goes into a room, where he finds Holmes under the influence of cocaine, strumming away at a violin. Holmes greets Watson, and gestures to a bottle of flies that he has trapped. He tells Watson that when he plays a certain pitch, the flies will fly in a counterclockwise direction. Watson sighs and asks him how long it took Holmes to catch the flies, and Holmes admits about six hours or so. Watson raises his eyebrows and goes "Really? What if I do this...?" and opens up the lid, letting all of the flies escape. Watson then tells Holmes to get up and get decent, as Lord Blackwood has requested to see him. Watson brings Holmes to the prison. On the carriage ride over, Holmes attempts to engage Watson in conversation, but Watson rebuffs him. Finally, Watson punches Holmes in the nose and tells Sherlock that he had already known about Mary's previous fiance. They bicker for a while, and finally arrive at the prison. Most of the guards are afraid of getting too close to Lord Blackwood, so Holmes tells them that he can find his way on his own. Blackwood greets him, and tells Holmes that he is not done killing just yet. He warns Holmes that there will be three deaths that will be unpreventable. He also tells Holmes that trying to stop him will be an extremely futile gesture. Holmes ignores him, and makes several remarks about Blackwood's upcoming hanging and makes offhand comments about how even though Blackwood was cunning, his devious plans were going to come into an end. Finally Holmes leaves without paying much thought to Blackwood's warnings. Blackwood is found guilty of murder, and then is hanged, and pronounced dead by Watson. A few days later, Holmes is dozing in his study. Irene Adler, cracking walnuts, wakes Holmes up. She's brought him food from her travels. It is obvious the two have met before. Holmes looks rather unnerved and begins hastily straightening up the place; including slamming a portrait of Irene that he has on his desk facedown. The two of them banter for a bit, and it's implied that the two have some kind of romantic chemistry there. Holmes wryly comments on her con artist talents, and Irene just shrugs it off. She tells him that she needs him for a case, and hands him an envelope with information and money. She then gets up to leave, but not before putting Holmes's portrait of her into an upright position again. Holmes strums at his violin as she leaves. Irene runs into Watson at the door, and greets him. Watson seems rather stunned, but doesn't say anything. We follow Irene down the street, until she gets into a carriage, where she meets with her shadowy employer. She tells him that she's sure Holmes will agree to take the case. Their conversation is interrupted by a street bum who suddenly runs into the side of the carriage. The carriage driver yells at the bum, who is scared away when the shadowy employer brandishes a wrist-mounted pistol. At Baker Street, Watson chastises Holmes for falling for Irene. Holmes denies this, but Watson continues to tease him about this. Watson has read the file: a missing red-headed dwarf named Luke Reordan, who can be identified by his absent front teeth. He makes some jokes about Irene's taste in men, and asks Holmes what he was doing. Holmes starts to explain. We cut back to Irene as she left Holmes's study, while Holmes pretends to strum at his violin. Once she closes the door, Holmes rushes over to the window just in time to see her walking down the street. He hurriedly comes up with a plan to follow her. Watson has just passed Irene at the door and has reached the midway landing when Holmes comes running downstairs in a hurry. Watson tries to ask Holmes what he is doing, but Holmes is obviously in a hurry, and he doesn't explain anything to Watson, and steals his coat. Holmes jumps out the window and crashes on top of the coal shed. Watson sighs and closes the window, ignoring Holmes. Holmes, covered in soot, manages to catch up to Irene in another alleyway. As he hides, two muggers accost Irene. However, she turns the tables on them, and at knifepoint steals the first man's wallet and a bouquet of flowers. He follows her through a circus, picking up small little items on the way to pick up a disguise, careful to avoid being seen. Leaving the circus, he deliberately runs into the side of the carriage, and is scared off by Irene's employer with the wrist pistol. Back in the present, Holmes finishes his story. As they're talking, a constable from Scotland Yard( William Houston ) comes in and tells them that Lord Blackwood has apparently risen from the grave. Holmes wants Watson to come with him, but Watson says he needs to visit with Mary. Holmes obviously wants Watson to come with him, so he berates Watson for not caring about his reputation, saying that no girl wants to marry a man who can't tell if a man is dead or not. Watson finally agrees to go. They're taken to the cemetery to meet with Lestrade, where the limestone outside of Blackwood's mausoleum has shattered. Holmes examines the scene and licks a piece of the stone and waits as Lestrade and his men bring the coffin out. Once they open the coffin, they find a completely different body. His missing front teeth identify him as Luke Reordan, the missing ginger midget Irene had asked Holmes about. Watson determines that Reordan has been dead for approximately twelve hours. Holmes takes Reordan's watch without anyone noticing, and then tells Lestrade he'll follow up. Holmes and Watson leave the cemetery. Later, Holmes discusses the initials scratched on the watch. Holmes tests Watson's deducing skills by having him explain a pair of scratch marks - which Watson correctly deduces as indicating that the owner was a drunk. Watson deduces that the initials on the watch, MG, are pawnbrokers' marks, and quite by coincidence, they see the shop that sold the watch, and they get an address. Outside the pawnbroker's place, Watson is approached by a gypsy woman who claims she knows about him and Mary. He tells the woman to tell him his fortune, and she tells him that marriage is a bad idea, as it'll consist of Mary growing fat and getting a beard, print wallpaper and lace doilies. Holmes solemnly echoes everything she says, and Watson realizes that Holmes has already paid off the gypsy to tell him a false fortune. He asks if Holmes has no shame, and then - just to spite Holmes - buys an engagement ring for Mary on the spot. After Watson purchases the ring and Holmes has obtained Reordan's address, Holmes makes to go in and examine the building. Watson tells him he can't follow, as he has a dinner planned with Mary's parents. Holmes looks disappointed but understanding, and goes in alone. Watson stands in the street for a minute before sighing to himself, and follows. Holmes is in the middle of picking the lock on Reordan's door when Watson just kicks the door in. As the two search the premises, they determine that Reordan sensed something was coming to get him. Holmes determines that Irene Adler has been by recently, as he smells her perfume. The room is in shambles, filled with medical equipment and experimented-on animals of various kinds, including dissected frogs and rats. Reordan also appears to have been working on some sort of attempt to combine sorcery and scientific formula together. Watson finds a partially burned piece of paper with Lord Blackwood's watermark - effectively linking Reordan to Blackwood - and Holmes snips the tail off of a experimented-on (and dead) rat. Holmes also observes a plate with some kind of melted substance and honeycombs, as well as some sort of gunpowder that burns with a pinkish hue when lit with a match. Holmes is right in the middle of saying that everything fits in with what he's been thinking, but there was one smell he couldn't identify - toffee. It is at this point that two of Blackwood's henchmen come in, one of them eating a caramel apple (the scent that Holmes was smelling), and Watson calls Holmes's attention to them. Holmes notes that they're carrying canisters of lighter fluid in their hands, and asks the men if they're here to burn down the building. They smile sinisterly and say yes, and then call out for their colleague - an extremely large man named Dredger( Robert Maillet ). Dredger, who only speaks subtitled French, asks if there is a problem. Holmes takes on Dredger while Watson takes on the two smaller thugs. As they fight, Holmes pauses to catch his breath, and ask for a moment, and Dredger shrugs and politely says it's not a problem. The fight comes to a head when Holmes discovers an electricity-powered rod - an early version of a taser - amongst Reordan's inventions. Holmes wields it at Dredger, and a slight touch throws Dredger backwards through a wall with the force of a shotgun blast. Dredger regains his footing, but another zap causes him to fly backwards and crush one of the thugs holding Watson hostage. Even though Holmes admits that he doesn't know how it works, he chases Dredger into the street. Holmes chases Dredger down to a London shipyard. There's a half-finished boat in the yard, and the men all look up in interest as Holmes threatens to zap Dredger. He asks the man who he works for, and Dredger responds, "You know who", before reaching over and crushing the rod. Now defenseless, Holmes can only run. The two men duke it out in the shipyard as Watson follows them in.Through some miscalculations on Watson's part, the moorings for the boat are released and the half-finished boat is prematurely launched into the Thames, where it sinks. Dredger flees the scene, and Watson - having dived to save Holmes from the moving boat - and Holmes are left looking at the sunken ship. Watson and Holmes are arrested and subsequently held in an outdoor pen. It looks like a drying out tank for minor criminals. Watson complains to Holmes that all he wanted to do was eat dinner with Mary's parents, and it becomes a full-on rant about Holmes's various bad habits. Holmes tries to deflect Watson, and their argument really seems like that of an old-married couple. Just as Watson's about to really get going, a police guard calls Watson's name and tells him Mary has posted his bail. Watson gets up and Holmes follows, but Holmes is told that bail has only been posted for Watson. As the gate slams behind Watson, one of the other criminals being held tells Holmes that he better get out soon, as the criminals are getting "hungry". The next day, a large group of people are surrounding something. The guards are worried it might be a riot, but it turns out to be Holmes sitting down with the criminal from earlier, cracking jokes. The crowd laughs uproariously, before a guard steps in to tell Holmes that his bail has been posted. When Holmes asks who posted the bail, the guard just says that Holmes has friends in high places. We see a rich-looking carriage in the distance, where a hand beckons to Holmes. He steps in, and is told he has to be blindfolded. When Holmes's blindfold is removed, he's inside a large mansion. Standing in front of him is Sir Thomas Rotheram ( James Fox ) and another associate. They apologize for blindfolding Holmes, saying they needed to protect their location. Holmes scoffs a little, and promptly gives a full turn-by-turn recap of the route they just took, simply based on observations using his other senses. He then notes the ring on Sir Thomas's finger, and concludes that he is in the headquarters of the Temple of the Four Orders in St. James's Square. It's at this point that the Home Secretary Lord Coward ( Hans Matheson ), and American Ambassador Standish steps into the room as well. Sir Thomas, Lord Coward, and Standish explain that Temple of the Four Orders is a secret society similar to The Illuminati and the Freemasons who practice magic for good. They tell Holmes that Lord Blackwood was once a member, but they're having trouble controlling him. They want the situation resolved, and are willing to put everything they have at Holmes's disposal. Lord Coward tells Holmes that as he is the Home Secretary, he has control of the police force. Sir Thomas tells Holmes that the key to Lord Blackwood's power is in a book of spells. He hands a book to Holmes who flips at it disinterestedly. Sir Thomas says he knows that Holmes doesn't believe in magic, but it's important. Holmes says he'll help, but not because he wants their resources. He's genuinely curious about the situation. He also reveals that Sir Thomas is Lord Blackwood's father, based on the fact that they have identical physical traits. Sir Thomas seems stunned, and says that very few people know of the relation. Sir Thomas conceived Lord Blackwood with one of the women used in their rituals, and Blackwood has been evil since his youth. Holmes says that given that everyone Blackwood is close to has been killed, Sir Thomas is probably Blackwood's next victim. The three men look at each other anxiously as Holmes leaves. Irene Adler finds Holmes trying to get into her hotel room, and hands him a bottle of wine saying, "Here's something you might be able to open". As she changes behind a screen and with her back to Holmes, Holmes confronts her about Reordan's death. It's clear that she's very troubled by this news, but she plays it off for Holmes. Holmes urges her to flee, and she invites him to come along. He says he can't, but tells her that she has to go or he's going to put her in protective custody. Holmes confronts Irene about the man in the carriage with the wrist-mounted pistol, and remarks that he must be a professor - as evidenced by a chalk mark on his collar. Irene seems completely non-plussed that Holmes has followed her. We understand that this is a game of chase for both of them, and will always be that way. Irene pours two glasses of wine and hands Holmes one. He gulps it down, and immediately begins to feel dizzy. He realizes then that the wine was drugged. Irene chidingly tells him that he shouldn't have refused to come along, and pulls him onto the bed. He passes out. Late at night, as Sir Thomas is bathing at his house, he hears a noise, looks around but dismisses it. Suddenly, the water starts bubbling, the lights go out, and Lord Blackwood appears. Sir Thomas tries to turn the water off, but his hand can't reach the faucet. Blackwood pushes his own father's hand into the water, then steals his ring. Blackwood stays until Sir Thomas drowns. The next morning, at Irene Adler's hotel room, a maid comes in and shrieks with shock at what she finds: Holmes has been handcuffed to the bed, and has a pillow covering his genitals. Irene has even left the "key to his release" under said pillow. We then cut to Holmes sitting in a carriage, retelling the story to Clarkie, the constable who had fetched him to Lord Blackwood's gravesite. Clarkie finds the whole thing extremely amusing, and says it's a good thing that the maid was offended enough to call the police, as it helped Homes out of the situation quicker. They pull up to Sir Thomas's mansion, and they begin their examination of the body/murder site. Holmes asks why the water's been drained, and the constable says it was out of respect. Holmes sits down and sort of laughs at Scotland Yard's incompetence. He tells them to look for a bath powder while he examines the scene. After the last constable leaves the room, Sherlock begins tapping on the walls, and finally finds a latch that allows him to open up a hidden door. Behind the door is a small space with magic tools/symbols/etc. Holmes rifles through the items and picks up two skulls and a book of spells, which he slips into his coat pocket. As the constables come back into the room, he asks them if they've found the powder. They say yes and he leaves. Ambassador Standish (William Hope), the ambassador to the United States, arrives at a nondescript building that night. Standish is greeted by Lord Coward and other members of the Order, who inform him that Sir Thomas is dead. Coward then tells him that they're voting on a new leader, and has already appointed Lord Blackwood. Standish seems stunned, but Coward says that this is the natural order of things. Blackwood (according to Coward) is powerful enough to make Britain regain its past glory, including winning back to the US. Blackwood appears, and says that the US is currently embroiled in post-Civil War turmoil and is ripe for the taking. He then sits down in the leader's chair. Standish says that he won't stand for this, and decides to shoot Blackwood instead. Blackwood suggests he not do so. Standish ignores it, and pulls the trigger, and instantly bursts into flames, which shocks the other members. Standish leaps out the window and falls to his death, while Coward urges the other members to drink to their new leader. The following day, Watson is packing up his medical studio. Holmes sticks his head in and asks if he can use Watson's study, now that it's no longer occupied. Watson seems a little hurt but agrees, and Holmes carries in a body. It's from one of the henchmen who attacked Holmes and Watson at Reordan's apartment, who apparently died after his neck was crushed by Dredger's weight. They examine the body, and try to figure out where the man was before his death. They determine that he was working out of a meat factory near the Thames, a lead Holmes wants to chase down immediately. Holmes tells Watson he doesn't have to come, but deliberately leaves his pistol on the table to get Watson to follow his lead. That night, Holmes and Watson travel with Tanner, a boat captain who knows London's waterways better than anyone else. Tanner and Holmes are laughing uproariously while Watson's struggling with manning the boat. Watson complains that they're not doing anything, but Holmes and Tanner just laugh at him. They dock the boat at the factory. Holmes and Watson go inside, and the setup is very similar to the redheaded dwarf's place. There's a lot of scientific equipment, and a biblical quotation that refers to the end. As Holmes and Watson stalk around, they notice a row of pigs hanging on a line, ready to be chopped into pieces. They're interrupted by Lord Blackwood's voice, who says that he warned Holmes all of this would happen. Holmes and Watson back up against the wall with their weapons brandished, but they can't figure out where the voice is coming from. Blackwood's face suddenly appears in a crack in the wall behind Holmes and Watson, and both men jump, turn around and shoot at the noise. However, Blackwood manages to get away, but not before 1) saying that "she" followed Holmes and Watson and 2) setting off flames. Indeed, he's kidnapped Irene Adler and tied her up to the pig line, surrounded by flames. Watson cautions Holmes that "this game is going to hurt". Holmes wraps himself in a blanket and races towards Irene. He throws the blanket around Irene, trying to protect her from the flames. At the same time, Watson begins fiddling with equipment to get the flames to stop. He manages to stop the flames, but the line is still headed towards the blades. Holmes sees a box of scraps, reaches up and throws the scraps in the gears of the line, trying to jam it. It works for a couple of seconds, but the scraps move and the line continues to move. Holmes tells Watson to prop Irene up, while he tries to figure out what to do. Watson races over, and Holmes grabs a saw and tries to hack away at the chains binding Irene to the line. It doesn't work. They're only seconds away from the animal-slicing saw now, and Holmes sees a steam pipe. He tells Watson to turn it on, and he effectively overloads the pipe and brings the line crashing down. Irene is saved from the saw, only seconds away from being chopped up. Once freed, she hugs Watson and Holmes, also leaning to kiss Holmes on the cheek. Watson goes after Lord Blackwood with Holmes following close behind. As Watson runs, he's too distracted by Blackwood's getaway boat fleeing the scene, and hits a trip wire. He turns around to see Holmes behind him, and yells at Holmes to stop. Unfortunately, the line has already been tripped, and a series of explosions rips through the building. Watson and Holmes are separated by blasts, so Holmes grabs Irene and tries to shield her to the best of ability. The explosions go on for some time, and Holmes finally blacks out. When Holmes finally comes to, the constable from earlier (the one that summoned him to Blackwood's grave and escorted him to Sir Thomas's murder scene) is shaking him. He tells Holmes that Lord Coward has utilized his powers and issued a warrant for Holmes's arrest. He also informs Holmes that Watson's doing okay, but Holmes must flee immediately. Holmes gets up and begins to run. We cut to Irene Adler dressed and about to board a train. She asks a conductor if the train is delayed, and he assures her it is not. She gets into her car, and we see the shadow figure from earlier sitting in a corner, reading a newspaper. He tells her that the train will leave when he wants it to; He also chides her saying that he hired her to manipulate Holmes's feelings for her, not to have her succumb to them. Irene gulps. Cut to a doctor leaning over Watson in a hospital ward. Watson's asleep, and we can see that he's severely injured. We see Mary approach the bed and ask the doctor how Watson's doing. The doctor hastily excuses himself, and Mary follows, asking if that's "the best he can do". We get a close-up and see that the doctor is actually Holmes in disguise. Holmes looks guilty and anguished, but Mary gently assures him - without ever acknowledging his identity - that Watson wouldn't have gotten involved if he didn't want to. He saw the whole thing as an adventure. She tells Holmes that everything's going to be okay, but he needs to fix it. Cut to Holmes sitting in the opium room at the Punch Bowl from earlier, thinking over the situation. He pulls out the bones he collected from Sir Thomas's, along with the spell book. Holmes decides that the only way to truly understand the situation is to understand the magic, and attempts to create one of the spells. His mind wanders in a daze, and he passes out. Cut to Holmes on the bed, waking up to Irene staring down at him. She greets him, and then we see that Watson is sitting in the room as well. Watson comes over to sit on the bed with him, and they have an awkward moment of not looking each other, grumbling that they're glad the other is okay. (It's very much another bromance moment.) Irene just studies them with amusement. Watson asks about Holmes's recreation of the magic (there're really detailed pentacles and animals drawn all over the floor), and Holmes explains that it allowed him to understand Lord Blackwood's next move. * He explains that based on the spell book, spell practitioners will always have a drawing of a pentacle and a cross in the pentacle. * He pulls out a map and says that using the Order's temple as a center point (the building where the US ambassador was killed), Blackwood's earlier five victims were all killed at the five points of the pentacle. * The following three victims (following Blackwood's resurrection) were killed at the points of the cross, and each death corresponded to an animal. (Each cross point has an animal). * There's only one cross point left, whose animal is a lion. It means that the next site is going to be the House of Parliament, as both the House of Commons and the House of Lords are meeting today. At this point, Sherlock's explanation is interrupted by the arrival of Lestrade and his men. Sherlock tells Irene and Watson to escape through a trap door, and hands Watson an envelope with a list of instructions. Holmes remains to face off with Lestrade. Lestrade takes Holmes in a carriage to the House of Parliament and delivers him to Lord Coward's office. Lestrade comes in, and apologizes for interrupting Lord Coward. Lestrade pulls open a coat and shows a pin with what appears to be the Order's symbol, and says that he has brought Holmes to Lord Coward to protect the order. Lestrade accuses Holmes of spreading rumors about the Order, while Holmes retorts that he now knows that being an Order member is how Lestrade managed to become an inspector at Scotland Yard. Lestrade excuses himself, and Lord Coward begins taunting Holmes. Holmes manages to close the flue on Lord Coward's fireplace, before inquiring about Lord Coward's plans for the Order. Coward (with his back to Holmes) admits that they only want true believers in the government, but tells Holmes he'll never figure out how Blackwood, Coward and the Order plan to take out the non-believers. Holmes scoffs and tells Coward that he's already figured it out. He's noticed that Coward's boots were stained with mud when he walked in, and Coward smells like the sewer. Undoubtedly, Blackwood has set his trap up in the sewers beneath Parliament. (We cut to a quick scene of Blackwood, Coward and followers anointing a site in the sewers.) Holmes also adds that he knows Coward was with Blackwood from the beginning: Coward's shoes are one of a kind, and Holmes noticed them when he broke up the ritual three months ago. Coward pulls out a weapon and turns around to shoot Holmes, but the closed flue has allowed the room to fill with smoke. He stalks around the room trying to sense Holmes out, but we see that Holmes is actually sitting behind him, smoking his pipe. Holmes tells him that they have a lot to get done, darts across the room, and leaps out the window. Once Holmes hits the water, he holds up a pipe and is promptly thrown a rope by Watson, who is waiting in the boat from earlier. Holmes gets on, and is wrapped in a blanket by Irene. They discuss what Holmes has figured out regarding the site being in the sewers. He also tells them that he had worked out with Lestrade on how to get into Lord Coward's in the first place. We cut to a flashback of Holmes telling Lestrade what to say/how to act on the carriage, including pretending to be a member of the order. Following this, Holmes directs them to an entrance for the sewers. Cut to both Houses of Parliament filing in. Coward's examining the scene with a knowing smile. Cut to Watson, Holmes and Irene in the sewers. They're greeted with a device loaded with poison that is set to be released into the vents surrounding the House. Several men are guarding it, and Watson hurriedly confers with Holmes on what to do, but they're interrupted by Irene whipping out a pistol and shooting at the men. Watson remarks that Holmes's muse "certainly likes to make an entrance". The three of them begin brawling with the guards, and they're only interrupted by the arrival of the French man from earlier. Irene attempts to shoot at the French man, but only upsets him. Holmes chides her, and tells her to figure out the device. Upstairs, Lord Coward announces the return of Lord Blackwood to the disdain and disgust of most of the room. Blackwood says that they need to join together, and believers will revive England, etc. Lots of head shaking and disdain follow. Back downstairs, Irene's having trouble disarming the device. She says that it's been designed in a way that any attempts to stop it will fail. Holmes and Irene agree that the device is somehow going to be triggered remotely. Watson continues fighting. Upstairs, Lord Blackwood says that all non-believers will perish. Members of the Order make to stand at the doors and link arms, to prevent everyone else from leaving. Downstairs, Holmes and Irene agree that the only way is to block the release of the device, pull out the canisters of poison in the device, and set off a remote explosion. Irene manages to pull the canisters out, and goes racing off into the sewers. Holmes helps Watson take out more guards, and then chases after Irene. Upstairs, Lord Blackwood sets off the device, but nothing happens. Coward looks confused, and Blackwood stalks off to the sewer to find out what's going on. Irene continues to race through the sewers, looking for a way out. Holmes follows behind. Blackwood notices a blur running past and follows as well. Irene finally reaches open air, only to discover that she's somehow ended up on the scaffolding for a partially completed Tower Bridge. Holmes appears behind her, declares that he wasn't going to chase her anymore, and tells her to leave. Irene looks exhausted, and says that she'll tell Holmes everything. He replies, "I wish you would". But before she can speak, she's interrupted by Blackwood, who pushes Irene off the scaffolding. She hits another scaffolding piece below, and is knocked out. Holmes and Blackwood face off, and Holmes tells him that he figured out that all of Blackwood's "magic" is just well plotted scientific tricks. * Lord Blackwood didn't resurrect from the dead - he had a clip on his noose that shifted the weight to his waist. * The limestone outside of Lord Blackwood's grave wasn't shattered by supernatural force. Instead, it was shattered beforehand, and glued together by the honeycomb substance Holmes and Watson saw while going through Luke Reordan's lab. (This explains a scene where Holmes is licking the limestone at the cemetery.) * The Ambassador wasn't killed by supernatural force. Instead, the rain showering him was a gas that triggered from rigged gunpowder fuel when the ambassador pulled the trigger. * Sir Thomas's bath powder, when mixed with the metal content from Thomas's ring, caused the water to boil. * The reason the Order members wouldn't have been poisoned is because Blackwood had them drink the antidote to the poison after the ambassador was killed. The antidote was disguised as holy water. Blackwood congratulates him on figuring it out, and Holmes mentions that he can't wait to see Blackwood in jail. Blackwood reaches for a weapon to kill Holmes, but accidentally trips off a scaffolding and falls to his death. His body is left hanging off of Tower Bridge, which is supposed to be ironic, considering the plans for the original execution. Holmes goes down to where Irene is, and waits for her to wake up. She tells him that her original employer is a man named Professor Moriarty, a man who is dangerous and just as smart as Holmes. She warns him that Moriarty is a very dangerous foe, but Holmes laughs it off. He then puts handcuffs on her and drops a key down her shirt, a call back to the hotel scene. He kisses her on the head, and then leaves her on the scaffolding. Cut to Watson walking down the street with Mary, and Mary asking if Holmes has really reconciled himself to Watson moving out. Watson says he has, and gestures to the replacement ring Holmes bought for her - a huge diamond. They go inside, and Mary seems taken aback to see Holmes hanging from the rafters. Watson is non-plussed though, and says that Holmes is too arrogant to kill himself. He pokes at Holmes, and Holmes awakens. Holmes explains that he was testing out how Blackwood prevented his death at the first hanging attempt - the clip distributing the weight to the waist. He asks Watson to cut him down; Watson refuses. Only after Holmes has explained everything Watson finally cuts Holmes down from the rafters. Mary notices that the dog is unconscious again, and Holmes says the dog will be fine in a minute. It's at this moment that Holmes learns that a piece is missing from the machine Blackwood attempted to use against the House. He figures out that Moriarty took a piece while Holmes was busy chasing after Irene. Holmes figures out that Moriarty may be a more dangerous foe than he originally thought. Watson and Mary leave to go to their new home, and Holmes is left alone to muse over the new case that has been brought before him. 