nm0004028:

 The BFG (2016)651) An orphan little girl befriends a benevolent giant who takes her to Giant Country, where they attempt to stop the man-eating giants that are invading the human world. Ten-year-old Sophie is in for the adventure of a lifetime when she meets the Big Friendly Giant. Naturally scared at first, the young girl soon realizes that the twenty-four-foot behemoth is actually quite gentle and charming. As their friendship grows, Sophie's presence attracts the unwanted attention of Bloodbottler, Fleshlumpeater, and other giants. After travelling to London, Sophie and the BFG must convince Queen Elizabeth to help them get rid of all of the bad giants once and for all. Jwelch5742 In London, insomniac orphan Sophie is awake early morning at 3:00 a.m., afraid of the witching hour. Out of the blue, she sees a giant from the window of her orphanage and she hides in her bed. However, the giant snatches Sophie and takes her to the distant Giant Country. He tells Sophie that she must stay with him for the rest of her life since she saw him. He explains that he works catching dreams and calls him "Big Friendly Giant" or "BFG". He also reads a book to Sophie and she sleeps; then he uses a nightmare to be afraid of escaping being eaten by an evil giant. Soon the giant breaks in BFG's cave and senses the scent of Sophie. She hides and soon she learns that there are giants that devours humans. BFG takes Sophie to the Dream country to catch dreams. The BFG goes to London to return Sophie to the orphanage, but she forces him to take her back to the Giant Country. However the other giants are hunting her down in BFG's home. What will they do? Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In July 1983, Sophie, a ten-year-old girl who lives in a London orphanage, stays awake reading through the nights due to her insomnia. At three in the morning, or what she calls the "witching hour", she sees an elderly giant outside of her window. The giant captures her and takes her into Giant Country. There, he explains that Sophie must stay with him for the rest of her life because she saw him, and must not be allowed to reveal the existence of giants. He also explains that she will put herself at risk if she goes out in the open, as nine other giants inhabit Giant Country, all of whom are man-eaters and favor the taste of children. In the small hours of the night, the insomniac ten-year-old orphan, Sophie, catches a glimpse of a towering shadow outside her quiet London orphanage. Before long, Sophie comes face-to-face with a lumbering giant, who, without a second thought, captures her to take her back to his land: the secret Giant Country. Fortunately, unlike the much bigger flesh-eating inhabitants of his world, this grizzled colossus is a gentle vegetarian creature, tasked with carrying out a noble mission. But, sooner or later, the other residents with the strange names will pick up the faint scent of the little human visitor, and then, no one can stop them. Can the Big Friendly Giant--Sophie's only friend--keep the evils of the world at bay? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts at an orphanage in London, England. Little Sophie (Ruby Barnhill) is awake at what she calls "the witching hour", which is when the boogeyman shows up. She looks out a window and sees four men drunkenly fooling around in the streets. Sophie yells at them and threatens to calls the cops on them. Sophie walks back toward her bed and hears another sound from a different window. She sees cats running through the trash and knocking over a bin. A very large hand picks the bin up. Sophie sees a giant man (Mark Rylance) walking by. She gasps, and he hears her. The giant sticks his hand in the window and picks Sophie out of her bed. He sneaks through the streets undetected and runs all the way back to his home in Giant Country. The giant (called the Big Friendly Giant of BFG for short) drops Sophie onto a table while he starts to chop up a gross-looking vegetable called a snozzcumber. Sophie thinks the BFG is going to eat her, but he says he doesn't eat children or people. BFG says he took Sophie to keep her from spreading word of a giant sighting for fear that the humans may hunt him down. BFG also speaks with an unusual vocabulary (his "right and wrong" is "right and left", for example). After Sophie understands that he is non-threatening, BFG reads her a book and she falls asleep. He then goes to his collection of dreams that he's captured in jars. Sophie dreams that she has been taken by an even bigger giant that eats her while BFG stands in the distance, unable to do anything. When she wakes up, BFG explains that he gave her the dream. BFG drinks a fizzy green drink called frobscottle, which has bubbles going down instead of up. It also causes "whizpoppers" (literally explosive farts). Moments later, the same giant from Sophie's dream, Fleshlumpeater (Jemaine Clement), enters BFG's home. He and the other far taller giants frequently taunt BFG and call him "runt" since he is significantly smaller compared to the rest. Sophie hides in the snozzcumber, which Fleshlumpeater picks up. He nearly takes a bite until BFG reminds him he hates vegetables. Fleshlumpeater takes the frobscottle and leaves. BFG takes the goo-covered Sophie to clean herself. He gives her some spares clothes from a pile for her to put on. She puts on a red coat that belonged to another child that BFG had befriended until he was eaten by one of the other giants. BFG then shows Sophie all the types of dreams he has collected. BFG prepares to take Sophie to the hill where he collects dreams, but he has to pass Fleshlumpeater and his band of giant goons as they sleep. BFG and Sophie sneak away, but BFG is caught by one of the giants. Sophie hides inside a truck. The giants begin tossing BFG around like a football. They stop when it starts raining, as they are terrified of it. Sophie unintentionally leaves a blanket behind, which Fleshlumpeater finds and sniffs, knowing there's a human around. BFG and Sophie make it to the hill. They jump into a lake that brings them into the realm of dreams. One particular dream whizzes by BFG, and he cannot catch it. Sophie manages to get it, and BFG says it is her dream. The two go into London so BFG can demonstrate how he gives people dreams. BFG puts a dream into his trumpet and gives a boy a dream where he receives a phone call from the U.S. president. When BFG realizes Sophie's blanket was most likely found by the other giants, he feels it's no longer safe for her to stay with him since other children that he took care of were eventually taken and eaten by Fleshlumpeater and his friends. BFG returns Sophie to the orphanage. At night, she calls to him. He hears her and decides to bring her back. The giants all burst into BFG's home and begin trashing the place, letting his dreams run loose as they break things. BFG has had enough, and he scares them away with fire and water. Sophie comes up with an idea when she sees a portrait of Queen Elizabeth (Penelope Wilton) in BFG's home. Together, they concoct a nightmare where the giants are taking and eating children, whereupon the Queen will meet Sophie as she sits on the windowsill. After the dream is made up, the two head to Buckingham Palace and place the dream in the Queen's head. She has the nightmare and wakes up, alerting her maid Mary (Rebecca Hall) and butler Mr. Tibbs (Rafe Spall). As the Queen describes the dream, Mary sees a newspaper headline mentioning the disappearance of children in London. Sophie then makes her presence known to the three of them at the window. Since the Queen has already seen this in her dream, she allows it and then realizes Sophie is with BFG. Sophie calls for him, but he is afraid to come out. Mr. Tibbs calls the royal guards out as BFG steps out. The Queen orders Tibbs to have them stand down, which they do. Sophie formally introduces everyone to BFG, and she tells the Queen they need her help. The Queen has her staff prepare a meal for Sophie and BFG. BFG is elated to eat something other than snozzcumbers for once. The Queen brings in her soldiers after Sophie explains that the giants in her dream are real and that they are indeed taking children. The plan is to head into Giant Country and capture the villainous giants. BFG then pours a few glasses of frobscottle for the Queen, Tibbs, some staff members, and even the dogs. Explosive farts follow. BFG and Sophie wait for the giants to be asleep so they can plant nightmares into their heads. However, BFG left his trumpet behind. Sophie runs into the field with a jar of nightmares and lets them fly into the giants' mouths. Only Fleshlumpeater isn't affected. He prepares to attack, but the soldiers arrive in time and capture him and the rest of the giants. They are dropped onto a remote island where they are forced to eat nothing but snozzcumbers for the rest of their days. In the end, Sophie finds a home in the Queen's palace under Mary's care. She narrates on a dream she says she had where she saw BFG's home, which now has a garden where he grows better vegetables (and still a few snozzcumbers). She opens the window and calls out, "Good morning, BFG!" In his home, he hears her and he smiles. 
 Iron Man: Armored Adventures (20082012)Summaries A teenage Tony Stark battles evil with his revolutionary power armor technology. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Edge of Seventeen (2016)541) High-school life gets even more unbearable for Nadine when her best friend, Krista, starts dating her older brother. Everyone knows that growing up is hard, and life is no easier for high school junior Nadine (Hailee Steinfeld), who is already at peak awkwardness when her all-star older brother Darian (Blake Jenner) starts dating her best friend Krista (Haley Lu Richardson). All at once, Nadine feels more alone than ever, until the unexpected friendship of a thoughtful boy (Hayden Szeto) gives her a glimmer of hope that things just might not be so terrible after all. STX Entertainment Nadine's life isn't exactly what you may consider perfect. Her older brother is the star of the family, he's popular and he's got good looks while Nadine is the complete opposite. When she finds out her best friend krista begins dating her brother, her life goes even more downhill and she soon realizes the importance in growing up and how hard growing up really is. In October 2015, Nadine Franklin, a high school junior in the suburbs of Portland, confides to her school teacher Mr. Bruner that she plans to commit suicide. Nadine narrates her life so far: By age seven, differences between Nadine and her more popular older brother Darian are already obvious. Nadine has a tempestuous relationship with her overly dramatic and image conscious mother Mona who seems to favor her brother, while Nadine's father, Tom is the only immediate member she feels close to. At age 13, Nadine is buoyed by her relationships with her best friend Krista and her father. Nadine's father suffers a fatal heart attack while driving. As a result of her father's death, Nadine's life turns upside down.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nadine Franklin (Hailee Steinfeld) is an awkward 17-year-old high school student who quickly walks to the classroom of her teacher Mr. Bruner (Woody Harrelson). She is flustered and tells Bruner she's going to kill herself and that she needs someone to listen to her. He then quips that he was writing his own suicide note since all he wants is some peace and quiet during his lunch break. Nadine takes us to the beginning of her story. At the age of 7 (played by Lina Renna), she noticed how much more popular and well-liked her older brother Darian (Christian Michael Cooper) was, to the point where it felt like their mother Mona (Kyra Sedgwick) favored him over Nadine. Her father Tom (Eric Keenleyside) was the only one who made Nadine feel secure. She gets picked on by some mean girls at school and feels alone until she meets Krista (Ava Grace Cooper). She is holding a pet caterpillar and gives it some water, and then she asks Nadine if she wants to be the caterpillar's other mother. Nadine agrees, but she later accidentally suffocates it in her pencil case. Still, Nadine and Krista quickly become best friends. While Krista's parents argue, Nadine always had her back. At the age of 13 is when Nadine states some "really fucked up shit" happened. She becomes insecure about her looks, especially since Darian (now played by Blake Jenner) only got more attractive. Krista (now played by Haley Lu Richardson) tries to assure Nadine she looks fine. While getting burgers with her dad, Tom suffers a fatal heart attack and crashes his car. His death devastated the family. In the present at age 17, Nadine is at school with Krista when she spots Nick Mossman (Alexander Calvert), a bad boy fresh out of juvie (juvenile hall reform school). She becomes sexually attracted to him. In Mr. Bruner's class, Nadine meets Erwin Kim (Hayden Szeto), an equally awkward but friendly boy that has a crush on her. When the girls go back to Nadine's house, they learn that Mona is leaving for the night to see a man she met online. Nadine and Krista get drunk and fool around while Darian has friends come over to swim. Nadine gets too drunk and she pukes in the toilet with Krista helping her. Nadine makes self-deprecating comments before passing out on the floor. Krista goes downstairs to find Darian cleaning up dog pee off the carpet, and they start to make small talk. Nadine wakes up with a hangover. She crawls out of the bathroom and hears giggling coming from Darian's room. To her horror, he and Krista are in bed, and she's giving him a handjob. All three are mortified, but especially Nadine. Nadine is still pissed at Krista later in the day, to the point where her frustration starts to bother Krista. She tells Nadine about a party she's going to with Darian, so Nadine opts to join them. At the party, Krista goes off with some other girls to play beer pong, leaving Nadine alone. She goes outside and meets a drunk girl that compares her and Darian to Arnold Schwarzenegger and Danny Devito's characters in "Twins." Nadine calls Mona to go pick her up. She tells her daughter that the man she met online is married, and she received an email from his wife. Nadine calls Erwin to hang out. They go to a carnival and ride the Ferris wheel. Erwin tries to go for a kiss but he gets shot down since his timing was bad. Nadine later compares Erwin to a nice old man to make things even more embarrassing. On Monday, Krista approaches Nadine, but she's still mad at Krista for going off with other girls at the party. When Krista mentions that Darian asked her to be his girlfriend and go to prom with him, Nadine delivers an ultimatum - Krista must choose her or Darian. Krista refuses, but Nadine pushes it by saying he'll dump her for someone hotter. Krista leaves her. When Nadine gets home, she starts to argue with Darian over his new relationship. Mona tries to intervene but Nadine just leaves to take a walk. She gets a slushee and then goes to Petland where Nick works. She goes in and tries to talk to him, though she comes off as kind of weird. Nadine tries to talk to Mr. Bruner, though he doesn't seem interested in her problems. When he makes a crack that nobody likes her, Nadine flips out and starts insulting him and his profession. He is unfazed and gives her half his cookie and says she's his favorite student to calm her down. Nadine calls Erwin again and asks if she can go over and swim in his pool. He says yes and gets super excited. She goes over and is surprised to see that Erwin's family is wealthy. Nadine jokingly asks Erwin if he wants to have sex, which upsets him. Later, he shows her some drawings he made and talks about his project for an upcoming student film festival. Mona takes Nadine to school now that she isn't talking to Krista. Nadine makes a big deal about being dropped off close to Krista, so Mona brings Nadine to work with her. While there, Nadine gets bored and starts acting out. Mona tells Nadine that her father would be very disappointed in her. Nadine swipes Mona's car keys and leaves. Nadine goes to a playground and starts to write a long, impulsive message to Nick about how she wants to do sexual things with him. She then tries to delete the message, but accidentally sends it. Nadine freaks out and goes to show Mr. Bruner (which is where the movie began). Although she begs him to help her do something, he just gives her money for a frozen yogurt. Nadine gets her yogurt and listens to multiple angry voicemails from her mom. Nick sends her a message since she put her number in the post, and he invites her to hang out. Excited, Nadine runs home to get dolled up before Mona gets home in a cab. Nadine goes on her date with Nick, which just ends up being him taking her to an empty parking lot. They start making out and he starts groping her, but Nadine has second thoughts and tells him to get off. She wants to get to know Nick, but he is uninterested. When she's afraid he'll leave, she starts kissing him, but she pulls away again when he tries to make a move. Nadine leaves the car and starts crying. Mona calls Darian while he's on a date with Krista. He rushes home to find Mona grabbing Nadine's clothes off the floor and saying she'll donate them. Darian tries to keep her calm. Nadine gets picked up by Mr. Bruner and takes her to his house where she meets his wife and infant son. Darian and Krista show up at the house to pick up Nadine, but she refuses to go anywhere with them. Darian gets fed up and confronts her about her attitude. Nadine says that Darian only cares about himself and being seen as a hero to their mom by bringing her home safely. Darian hits back that it is stressful for him that Mona is always counting on him to be the man of the house, how he has to apply to schools nearby since he's worried about what will happen to the family if he's gone, and how he can't be with Krista without ruining his relationship with Nadine. Darian leaves, so Mr. Bruner brings Nadine home. Nadine goes to Darian's room and apologizes for her behavior. She then tearfully expresses to him how she has always hated who she is and how she acts, and how she worries she can never change it. Darian gives her a hug. Nadine wakes up early the next morning to go to Erwin's film festival. Darian and Krista are downstairs about to have breakfast. Darian wishes her a good day, and Nadine reciprocates. Krista asks Nadine if she can call her later, and she says yes. At the film festival, Erwin presents his film, which is about an alien who tries to win over a girl he likes, but she doesn't return his feelings. A giant monster takes her, so the little alien goes to rescue her by causing a huge rock to crush the monster. When the girl tries to return her affections, the alien has moved on and is with other gorgeous alien women. After the show, Nadine gives Erwin flowers. She says she knows the movie was about her, but he denies it. She then feels embarrassed because she looks like someone who thinks everything is about them, but Erwin says he was just joking. He then brings Nadine over to introduce her to his friends. 
 Brain on Fire (2016)Summaries A young, capable professional cannot explain her newly erratic behavior. The film follows the harrowing experience of a writer struggling with a rare neurological disease from when she first suffers symptoms to the many attempts at diagnosing it and the eventual discovery of the real cause of her illness. Based on the book, 'Brain On Fire', the true story of Susannah Cahalan, a journalist for the New York Post. Danny A fascinating movie based on a true story of a girl who loses herself rapidly to what appears to be Schizophrenia. With the unending hope of her parents and boyfriend, they push for an answer that is not as simple as mental illness. Even with all the medical tests demonstrating nothing physically wrong, one doctor feels deeply there is something they're missing. Illiciting the help of a professor who was previously a clinician, he uncovers the truth. A truly inspiring movie. Kerry Dawson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 