nm0003393:

 Mank (2020)431) 1930's Hollywood is reevaluated through the eyes of scathing social critic and alcoholic screenwriter Herman J. Mankiewicz as he races to finish the screenplay of Citizen Kane (1941) . 1940. Film studio RKO hires 24-year-old wunderkind Orson Welles under a contract that gives him full creative control of his movies. For his first film, he calls in washed-up alcoholic Herman J Mankiewicz to write the screenplay. That film is "Citizen Kane," and this is the story of how it was written. grantss Holed up in the secluded North Verde Ranch in the middle of the Mojave Desert, the bedridden American screenwriter, Herman J. Mankiewicz , has sixty short days to turn in the first draft of the Citizen Kane (1941) screenplay. Grappling with alcohol addiction, Herman J. Mankiewicz collaborates with Orson Welles , Hollywood's twenty-four-year-old golden boy, and gets to work. As RKO had already given Orson Welles carte blanche, Herman J. Mankiewicz decides to draw inspiration from his days working for MGM, his friendship with newspaper magnate, William Randolph Hearst , and Hearst's twenty-year-old girlfriend, actress Marion Davies of the Ziegfeld Follies. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mank captures the life of Mankiewicz between essentially 1933 and 1940, when America was in the midst of the Depression and watching uneasily, but from far, the gathering clouds of World War II. There is another presence that Fincher does well to focus on in his telling of the making of Citizen Kane, the candidacy of Left-leaning Upton Sinclair for the governorship of California, which sees the tinsel town gang up against him. As Sinclair is portrayed as promoting "anti-American" values, with MGM lending its might to a campaign that would now be described as fake news, Mank is forced to confront his own compromises and little lies. In a marvelous scene, Dance's Hearst recounts Oldman's Mank the "parable of the organ grinder's monkey", just after the latter has humiliated himself and Hearst in a drunken rant about the sold idealism of the newspaper baron. While the monkey thinks it is him running the show, Hearst reminds Mank, he has to "dance", "every time", the music plays. That realization is a glimpse of the bitterness that would eventually lead Mank to finding himself jobless in Hollywood, particularly after his decision to take on Hearst with Welles' backing. It would also lead him to Citizen Kane - while on the bed with a broken leg, away from friends and family and fighting for a drink despite alcohol slowly claiming him - as well as his only Oscar. As Mank explains it to a friend, "We have got a huge responsibility, to people in the dark willingly checking their disbelief at the door." 
 ER (19942009)Summaries The lives, loves and losses of the doctors and nurses of Chicago's County General Hospital. Michael Crichton has created a medical drama that chronicles life and death in a Chicago hospital emergency room. Each episode tells the tale of another day in the ER, from the exciting to the mundane, and the joyous to the heart-rending. Frenetic pacing, interwoven plot lines, and emotional rollercoastering is used to attempt to accurately depict the stressful environment found there. This show even portrays the plight of medical students in their quest to become physicians. Tad Dibbern <DIBBERN_D@a1.mscf.upenn.edu> A TV medical drama that overlooks and chronicles the daily personal/working lives of a team of ER Doctors, Nurses, Patients and the people around them who work in Cook County General Teaching Hospital. Through this we see the heartbreak, triumph, loss and love they experience and sacrifice to try and save lives and to deal with their personal issues. kianhc It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 City Guys (19972001)Summaries Manhattan High School students Jamal Grant and Chris Anderson try to make it through life while avoiding the ire of their principal Karen Noble. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Commander in Chief (20052006)Summaries MacKenzie Allen becomes the first woman American president after she ascends to the job following the death of president Teddy Bridges. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 