nm0002125:

 Breakaway (1996)Summaries Myra made the mistake of stealing money from the mob. Now on the run, she is betrayed by her boyfriend and loses the money to an innocent bystander, Gina. They are pursued by a pack of bloodthirsty mobsters and a relentless hitman. Myra is a trusted courier for drug-lord Anton. When she wants to retire, Anton plans to make sure her retirement is very permanent; as in dead. While on her last drop, she learns of his plan, and is able to abscond with a large amount of his cash to make her get-a-way worth while. Her friends Rick and Gina assist in her action packed escape. Richard Jones <rjo339@swbell.net> Myra Styles ( Teri Fruichantie ) made the mistake of stealing money from the mob. Now on the run, Myra is betrayed by her boyfriend and loses the money to an innocent bystander, Gina Taylor ( Tonya Harding ). They are pursued by a pack of bloodthirsty mobsters and a relentless hitman, Grey ( Joe Estevez ). Each women gets caught in the searing heat and gripping action of the chase. They both learn that when you bend the rules too far, it's time to BREAKAWAY. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bad SignsSummaries Joe graduated with an MBA, but works a street sign holder. Not having the job he is qualified for reflects on the poor state of the nation, but working at Big Mike's car dealership has a bright side: Mike's daughter Molly, Joe's high school crush. Joe and his sign holding associates soon learn there is evil brewing as Jeffrey, the scheming leader of an agency of costumed 'advertising artists,' is planning to take control of the industry. Jeffrey conspires with a corrupt local politician to start a trade organization that will change street corners forever. Joe finds himself and his friends losing their street gigs to giant bananas and panda bears. While still trying to impress Molly, Joe gathers his band of misfits including bead shop owners, a goat farmer, a wannabe clumsy stunt woman, and a sexy street stripper to devise a wickedly clever plan to take Jeffrey down. Surprise help from unexpected allies will help Joe lead his group into a confrontation with their costumed rivals, culminating in an explosive action-intense climax. Bad Signs is a comedic mockumentary sure to please a wide audience with memorable characters and hilarious situations. Hollie Olson It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Prize Fighter (2003 Video)Summaries After a life of hard knocks and wrong turns, boxer Ed Jones gets a second chance at fulfilling his life long dream of a World Boxing Championship. With the help of veteran promoter, Arliss King and the guidance of a former champ, Ed embarks on the come back of a lifetime. When Ed starts winning and with his popularity soaring, he draws the attention of an unscrupulous fight promoter, White Ferguson. Although tempted by promises of big money and boxing glory, Ed makes a decision to remain loyal to Arliss. His dream in sight, Ed is on top of the world and at the top of his game. With a new found confidence he goes on the road leaving his pregnant wife at home. His sacrifice seems justified until tragedy strikes with the death of his wife leaving him a single father with a fading dream. Haunted by guilt and regret, Ed turns away from boxing and returns to a path of self-destruction. Out of shape and out of luck, he agrees to one final fight. The house is packed, the fans are cheering, the bell rings as Ed steps into the ring to fight the demons of his past to reclaim his dignity as a man and a champion. Artist View Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 World's Dumbest (20082014)Summaries A bunch of nobodies make jokes about funny videos. Enjoy! It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 