nm0002878:

 The Endless (I) (2017)321) As kids, they escaped a UFO death cult. Now, two adult brothers seek answers after an old videotape surfaces and brings them back to where they began. This mind-bending thriller follows two brothers who receive a cryptic video message inspiring them to revisit the UFO death cult they escaped a decade earlier. Hoping to find the closure that they couldn't as young men, they're forced to reconsider the cult's beliefs when confronted with unexplainable phenomena surrounding the camp. As the members prepare for the coming of a mysterious event, the brothers race to unravel the seemingly impossible truth before their lives become permanently entangled with the cult. texasboyy Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Brothers Justin and Aaron receive a video cassette in the mail made by Camp Arcadia, a group they belonged to as young adults. Justin and Aaron's recollection of events differ; Justin says the group was a UFO death cult, but Aaron recalls them as a harmless and friendly commune. Aaron points out that the video cassette proves the members are still alive. Justin, however, is worried that talk of "ascension" may be a code for some future mass suicide. Fed up with their inability to make friends or find good jobs since leaving Camp Arcadia, Aaron convinces Justin to return for just one day. Justin and Aaron receive a friendly welcome at Camp Arcadia. None of the members seem to have aged in the decade since the brothers left. Anna and Lizzy take an interest in Aaron and Justin, respectively. Although Aaron welcomes the attention, Justin stays aloof from everyone but his brother. One of the members, Hal, excitedly shows Justin a physics equation he has been working on. He says that he cannot explain what it represents, as it would be akin to describing an impossible color. However, he hopes that Justin will eventually accept the group's beliefs now that he is older. As they partake in various activities, Aaron grows increasingly fond of his time at Camp Arcadia, and he convinces Justin to stay an additional day. During one activity, members attempt to win a tug-of-war against a rope that ascends into the dark night sky. Justin says it is held by a member on a ladder but cannot explain how he loses when everyone else is present. The brothers separately notice increasingly weird occurrences. While exploring the woods, Justin becomes convinced an invisible entity is observing him, and it leaves him a photograph of a buoy. When Justin presses Hal for answers, Hal admits that he knows no more than anyone else. His physics equation is his interpretation of what is happening, and he encourages Justin to find his own answers by following the entity's clues. He advises Justin to search the bottom of the lake under the buoy in the photograph. Two moons rise in the sky. Hal tells Justin to come to a conclusion before a third rises. Justin and Aaron go fishing. When Justin sees the buoy from the photograph, he dives into the water. He returns with a toolbox and says that something tried to hold him under. When they open the toolbox, they find a tape. Freaked out by the strange events and ostentatious clues, Justin insists they leave immediately. At the camp, Hal and Justin get into an argument after Hal plays the tape, which is a recording of Justin and Aaron misrepresenting Camp Arcadia to outsiders. Justin calls Hal a cult leader, and Hal says Justin made up lurid stories to tell the press about Camp Arcadia. Outraged that Justin was misleading him, too, Aaron refuses to leave. Justin's car does not start, and he leaves to find help. Justin encounters several people stuck in time loops, most of whom repeatedly experience their own violent deaths for the amusement of the entity. They explain that the entity has trapped them and that he will also become trapped once the third moon rises. Justin finds Aaron, who has come looking for him. Justin explains their danger, but Aaron still wants to stay behind, as he cannot stand to return to his old life. Aaron reasons that experiencing death at the hands of the entity, which is considered a sacred ritual by the cult, would be better than menial jobs and not having friends. When Justin admits he was wrong to force Aaron into this lifestyle, Aaron becomes hopeful that their life can improve and agrees to leave. The brothers barely escape as the entity destroys the camp. Justin advises Aaron to refill the gas tank and Aaron says that the car's gas tank gauge has always read empty. 
 Searching (III) (2018)541) After his teenage daughter goes missing, a desperate father tries to find clues on her laptop. After David Kim (John Cho)'s 16-year-old daughter goes missing, a local investigation is opened and a detective is assigned to the case. But 37 hours later and without a single lead, David decides to search the one place no one has looked yet, where all secrets are kept today: his daughter's laptop. In a hyper-modern thriller told via the technology devices we use every day to communicate, David must trace his daughter's digital footprints before she disappears forever. Director Aneesh Chaganty's laptop thriller follows the the everyday life of the family through home videos and video chat footage. Their seemingly idyllic family life is usurped when Margot (Michelle La) disappears mysteriously. Her father David (John Cho) enlists the help of a dedicated detective (Debra Messing), and they venture down an unnerving internet rabbit hole in a desperate effort to find her. In San Jose, California, David Kim looks through old photographs and videos of his daughter Margot and his late wife Pamela, who died from lymphoma nearly two years earlier, after which David and Margot became distant. One night, Margot goes to a friend's house for her study-group. The next morning, David is unable to reach Margot but assumes she has risen early to go to school. Later, he calls Margot's piano instructor, but is informed that Margot had canceled her lessons six months ago. David discovers that Margot had been pocketing the money for the lessons, before suddenly transferring $2,500 to a deleted Venmo account. Realizing that Margot is missing, David calls the police, and the case is assigned to Detective Rosemary Vick, who asks for information about Margot's personality and friendships. David manages to access Margot's Facebook and speaks to her contacts only to discover that Margot has not had close friends since Pamela's death. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Note: This entire film is shown through the point-of-view of laptop or phone screens. The film opens with a photo/video montage showing the life of a Korean-American family known as the Kims - David Kim (John Cho), his wife Pam (Sara Sohn), and their young daughter Margot. Margot took up an interest in piano lessons from a young age. Pam was later diagnosed with lymphoma that went into remission, but she later experienced a relapse. David and Margot stood by her side until she passed away in 2015. In the present, David chides Margot (now played by Michelle La as a teenager) for not taking out the trash. She says she will do it when she gets back from a study group session. David then talks to his brother Peter Kim (Joseph Lee), who is trying to make a gumbo recipe that Pam used to make. David sends him a picture of the recipe and then takes the time to watch a video of Pam showing a young Margot how to make the gumbo. That night, as David is sleeping, he misses two calls from Margot. David messages Margot again for not taking out the garbage. Hours later, he still hasn't heard from her. After work, he tries to contact Margot, but she never answers her phone. He thinks she might be at a piano lesson, so he calls the piano instructor, only to discover that Margot canceled her lessons six months earlier, which means that she has been taking the $100 bills that he has left her for herself. David starts to worry. David looks up the numbers of Margot's classmates from Pam's old contacts list. He calls the home of Margot's childhood friend Isaac (Connor McRaith), and he speaks to Isaac's mother, who tells David that Isaac and his friends went on a trip to the mountains, so she believes that Margot could be with them. David manages to get in touch with Isaac, who tells him that Margot is not with them and that he had invited her, but she declined. David calls the police and he speaks to the renowned Detective Rosemary Vick (Debra Messing), who is assigned to the case. She tells David to get in touch with anyone who may have been close to Margot or know where she was last seen. David goes through Margot's laptop and finds that all of her social media accounts are private. He logs into her Facebook profile using Pam's old email address, and he begins to reach out to Margot's classmates. Most of them have alibis from the night that Margot went missing, and others say that Margot was usually quiet and distant. David compiles a chart to keep track of who he has spoken to so that he can show Vick. Vick later shows David traffic cam footage showing Margot leaving a gas station and heading out of town. She also sends him a fake ID that Margot appears to have used under the name Jen Yeun. This, coupled with the fact that David found Margot's Venmo transactions having taken out $2,500, leads Vick to suggest that Margot ran away. Growing tired and increasingly afraid, David then comes across the site YouCast where Margot left live-streaming videos. He goes through the saved videos to see that Margot would talk to someone named Hannah, whose username was "fish_n_chips". Hannah also had a sick mom and would relate with Margot. David then notices one of the videos is of Margot at a lake, which matches a picture she posted to her Tumblr account. It's Lake Barbosa, where Margot liked to go to relax. David finds the directions from the spot where Margot was last seen, and he heads out. David calls Vick in the middle of the night once he gets to the lake. He finds a Pokeball key chain that belonged to Margot, confirming that Margot was there and that she didn't run away. In the morning, authorities fish Margot's car out of the lake. An envelope with $2500 is there, but Margot isn't in the front or the trunk. A bit of blood is spotted on the dashboard. News of Margot's disappearance spreads, leading to a search party scouring the woods for her. It becomes a trending topic, with some people sharing love and hope for Margot to return, while others mock the situation and accuse David of being involved in her disappearance. One of Margot's schoolmates, Derek Ellis (Reed Buck), who is (for lack of a better term) a douchebag, jokes that Margot is with him and that he's her pimp. David finds out he's at the nearby movie theater after checking in on Facebook, and he goes to confront him, leading to David kicking Derek's ass and breaking his jaw, which patrons record on their phones. Vick tells David to stay off the case because of this. David looks through the photos of the site of where Margot's car was found. Upon closer inspection, he notices a hockey hoodie in the front seat of the car that he recognizes as belonging to Peter. David looks through Margot's messages between her and Peter, which imply that they have been doing something that Peter knows David would kill him for. David pays Peter a visit and sets up cameras in his home to try and get a confession out of him. David asks Peter when he last saw Margot, and he appears to dodge the question. David then attacks Peter until he tells the truth, and Peter admits that he and Margot were smoking weed. She had caught him at one point and wanted to try it, so they kept it a secret from David. Peter points out that he was the only one who listened to her when she talked about her mother's passing, since David had avoided talking to her about it. David then gets a phone call from Vick, but he misses it and just hears her voicemail. Vick tells him that they got a suspect, and David breaks down crying as he listens to the voicemail. The news reports that an ex-convict, Randy Cartoff (Ric Sarabia), has apparently confessed to killing Margot before committing suicide. A video of his confession is shown, in which he tearfully apologizes for what he claims to have done to her. David is sent memorials and condolences for the news. David receives an email from a memorial service asking for videos and pictures of Margot that he would like to share for her upcoming memorial. After picking all the files that he wants so share, he notices a picture on the service's site that looks familiar. It appears to be Hannah, AKA fish_n_chips. He searches her image on Google and notices that the girl in the picture is some kind of catalog model. David calls the company that Hannah works for, and he speaks to her, but she has no idea who Margot is or what YouCast is. David tries to call Vick to investigate further since this doesn't add up for him. He instead speaks to a woman from the police station that tells him that Vick is not there, and she lets it slip that Vick volunteered for the case instead of being assigned as he had been led to believe. David does a little more investigating and sees an article of Vick with construction workers, and one of them is Randy. With this information, David brings a group of police officers to Margot's memorial, and Vick is arrested. A week after Vick's arrest, we see her being interrogated. She confesses that everything she did was because of a mistake that her son Robert (Steven Michael Eich) had made. It turns out that Robert had been in love with Margot for years, and he cat-fished her as fish_n_chips, using Hannah's picture as his own and coming up with this fake persona and backstory for months. Margot had taken out the $2,500 to help with what she believed was his sick mother's hospital bills. When Robert found her smoking weed at the lake, he frightened her and she ran. Robert went after her, and she started hitting him in self-defense, and he reacted by pushing her down the ravine. Robert called Vick panicked, and she told him not to do anything. She made up everything to throw David off, including making a fake ID for Margot, making it look like her body was nowhere to be found, and even setting Randy up to make a false confession and having him killed. Vick then points out that there is a possibility that Margot survived because there was a storm two days after she went missing, so she would not have been totally dehydrated. Robert is also taken into custody following this confession. A rescue team goes down to the ravine where Margot fell. From a live news chopper, we see the rescuers bringing up a body basket with Margot inside. David goes over to see if Margot is okay... It's now months later. We see a message exchange, followed by a picture of David with Margot in a wheelchair at the hospital, confirming that she is indeed alive. She is waiting and refreshing to find out if she got into a music conservatory that she had applied to. David messages her telling her that he is proud of her, and that her mom would be too. 
 Changeling (2008)541) Grief-stricken mother Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) takes on the L.A.P.D. to her own detriment when it tries to pass off an obvious impostor as her missing child. Los Angeles, 1928. Single mother Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) returns from work to find her nine-year-old son Walter (Gattlin Griffith) gone. She calls the L.A.P.D. to initiate a search. Five months later, a boy is found in Illinois who fits the description, and he says he's her son. To fanfare and photos, the L.A.P.D. reunite mother and son, but she insists he's not her boy. The cops dismiss her as either a liar or hysterical. When she joins a minister in his public criticism of the Police, they in turn use government power to silence and intimidate her. Meanwhile, a cop goes to a dilapidated ranch to find a Canadian lad who's without legal status; the youth tells a grisly tale. There's redress for murder; is there redress for abuse of power? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Single parent Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) is a supervisor at the local telephone exchange, who, having returned home late from having to work overtime on a Saturday, finds her nine-year-old son Walter (Gattlin Griffith) is missing from their home. As the days and weeks go by, the Collins case becomes the object of a campaign by Pastor Gustav Briegleb (John Malkovich), who rails against the incompetence and corruption of the Los Angeles Police Department. Soon, the Police arrives with the news that they have found her boy, but when the lad is turned over to her, she realizes that the Police have returned a stranger to her in an attempt to bring an end to the public complaints about their handling of her case. Her attempts to get justice bring her into conflict with the L.A.P.D., who will go to any length to protect their reputation. When she continues to complain, she finds herself arrested and confined to the mental ward. garykmcd In March, 1928 in Los Angeles, California, Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) lives with her beloved son Walter (Gattlin Griffith) in Lincoln Heights. When she is assigned to work overtime on Saturday at Pacific Telephone and Telegraph as supervisor, she promises Walter she will return at 4 p.m. to watch the latest Charlie Chaplin movie at the movie theater with him. However, she arrives home late and does not find her son. After seeking out the boy in the neighborhood, she reports the missing child to the Police, but the Police Officer tells her that she should wait twenty-four hours to register the complaint. Five months later, Captain J.J. Jones (Jeffrey Donovan) communicates to Mrs. Collins that her son had been found in DeKalb, Illinois, and is heading back home by train to be reunited with her. In the train station, Christine does not recognize the boy as being Walter, but Captain Jones advises her that his appearance has changed during the five months. Soon, she confirms that the boy is not her son, but the corrupt L.A.P.D. does not accept her arguments. When Mrs. Collins is approached by St. Paul Presbyterian Church Pastor Gustav Briegleb (John Malkovich), who daily broadcasts protests exposing corruption in the Police force, she decides to disclose to the press the evidence she has about the changeling. However, the abusive Captain Jones sends Christine to an asylum to intimidate her. Meanwhile, the efficient Detective Lester Ybarra (Michael Kelly) is assigned to arrest and deport an illegal Canadian boy who was hidden on a ranch in Wineville. He captures the boy, who discloses hideous crimes committed by his compatriot Gordon Stewart Northcott (Jason Butler Harner). Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. On March 9, 1928, Christine Collins (Angelina Jolie) wakes her son Walter (Gattlin Griffith). After measuring his height against the wall gets him ready for the school day (joking around with him the whole way). She drops him off at school and goes to her job as a supervising phone operator at a Los Angeles telephone company. At the end of the day she picks Walter up at school on a cable car and he tells her that he got in a fight when another student said that Walter's father hated him. Christine corrects him by saying his father didn't even know him, so how could he hate him. Christine then explains that Walter's father was merely frightened of the responsibility that came with Walter and took off before he would have to deal with it, and Walter smiles and accepts this explanation. The next day Christine gets a phone call early saying that she has to come in since one of the other girls was sick. Eventually she agrees, disappointing Walter with the news that they have to go to the movies tomorrow, to which he sighs but nods. She tells him that there's a sandwich for him in the fridge and reminds him that a couple neighborhood girls will be by later to check on him, and she then heads out. At the phone company, Christine is getting ready to leave when her boss Ben Harris (Frank Wood) stops her. He notes that she's done a great job as a supervisor and says that there may be an opening for a full-time assistant manager. She thanks him for the opportunity and they agree to discuss it over dinner the next night (although he obviously wants it to be more date and less business). Floating on cloud nine, Christine goes home and finds Walter missing. She searches the whole neighborhood and asks other children, but no one has seen him. Finally she calls the police, but is told by the man who answers, Detective Lester Ybarra (Michael Kelly) that most missing children turn up by morning and she shouldn't worry, he's probably just somewhere in the neighborhood and lost track of time, and that she's saying nothing that other mother's who've called haven't said. He offers to take her address, but she hangs up. The next morning, a police car comes and two cops take down her information and info on what Walter looks like, including taking a picture of him. During the next few weeks, we see the investigation in various stages, led by captain J.J. Jones (Jeffrey Donovan), the head of the missing persons department. While they are conducting their investigation, Christine is doing her own investigation, calling various cities as far away as Las Vegas on a regular basis and seeing if any children fitting Walter's description have been found. At the same time, we see radio preacher Rev. Gustav Briegleb (John Malkovich) praying for Christine and for the safe return of Walter with his congregation (despite the fact that neither she nor Walter are members of his parish) while at the same time lambasting the corrupt and lazy police force. After five months of this, though, they are no closer to finding Walter than when they started. Meanwhile, in a town in Illinois called Dekalb, we see a man and his son (Devon Conti) at a hole-in-the-wall diner. The man reaches for his wallet to pay but realizes he forgot it at home. The owner gets pissed but decides to give the man twenty minutes to get to his house, pick up his wallet, and return to pay (with his son left as collateral). After two hours of waiting, though, the owner, now both angry and worried for the kid, decides to call the cops. Back in Los Angeles, we see Christine moving listlessly through her job when Jones and Lester show up with some good news for her -- they have found Walter. After a big celebration at the company, Jones and Lester, along with Chief of Police James E. Davis (Colm Feore) escort Christine to the train station where in the midst of a big media circus she is reunited with....the boy from the diner. She states that that is not her son, and Jones explains how five months in captivity can both change how a person is remembered and how he or she looks in real life. Jones then asks the boy who he is and his address, and the boy gives the correct answers, but in a tone of voice that makes them sound like lines memorized for a play. Despite this, Christine eventually states that Jones may be right and after posing for a photo with "Walter" for the newspapers takes him back home. That night, Christine and the boy are having dinner and she begins noticing things. First, the boy doesn't use manners, something Walter had been studious about. Second, and even more glaring, she notices as she is toweling him off after a bath that he is circumcised. Her eyes narrow and she drags the boy to where she had measured Walter back in March, only to find that this child is three inches shorter than Walter at the same time. This prompts her to visit Jones, who assures her again that they found the right boy -- almost demanding it, actually -- but he agrees to send a doctor over to verify. The next day, Dr. Earl W. Tarr (Peter Gerety) arrives for the examination, but he barely does more than check for a sore throat before giving Christine the same spiel Jones gave her, only now including such tidbits as the fact that the spine can shrink in stressful times and that the kidnappers may have circumcised the boy themselves. She still refuses to believe this, though. That night, the boy is going to bed in Walter's room when he makes the mistake of saying "Good night, mommy", which causes Christine to fly into a rage, flinging a plate against the wall near his head and screaming that she wants her son back. Later, after the boy is asleep, she goes into Walter's room and apologizes to the boy for yelling but again asserts that they are not related. The next morning, Christine is woken by a phone call from none other than Gustav, who tells her to read the front page of the times and then stop by his church for breakfast. Sure enough, the days article is about her denying that the boy is her son despite the best efforts of the valiant officers and indisputable evidence that the boy is her son and how the police fear for the child's blah-blah-blah. Gustav then tells Christine the story of how Davis became chief and his first action was to give the biggest, toughest cops machine guns and then let them kill all the criminals they could -- not to eliminate crime, but to eliminate the competition. He then warns her of what she may be getting herself into, but notes that if she pulls this off, she could be the last woman to have the wrong child returned. We then see Christine at Walter's dentist, who notes that Walter had a piece of muscle preventing the gap between his teeth from closing, which this boy does not have -- his teeth are even, something which he is eager to put in writing for her. The case is the same with school, where Walter's teacher is not remembered by the boy despite her teaching Walter for over a year and when "Walter" is unable to find his assigned desk, giving the teacher ample cause of her own to put her belief that this is not Walter Collins in writing, along with a promise to testify in court. Soon, we see Christine on the steps of a courthouse telling reporters that the police were wrong and she has proof of it. Naturally, this angers Chief Davis to no end and he orders Jones to take care of it. Jones has Christine and the boy brought in and after a heated "conference" wherein he calls her either delusional or a liar (or a pathological liar), he asks her one more time if that boy is her son. When she says no, he nods to two people and they take her away to an insane asylum where after being subjected to a very crude and harsh entrance examination series she is to be held for her own safety and the safety of the boy until such time as she can demonstrate that she is sane and capable of taking care of herself and the child. Meanwhile, in Wineville (modern-day Mira Loma), near Riverside, we see Lester investigating a missing child report regarding a kid from Canada. He pulls over at one point to ask a stranded motorist for directions to the Northcott Ranch. The motorist, who just happens to be Gordon Northcott (Jason Butler Harner), the owner, pales a little and happily gives him the directions. Lester thanks Northcott and heads on his way to the seemingly deserted homestead. After poking around some he finds his quarry, one Sanford Clark (Eddie Alderson), and informs him that he's going back home to Canada as at the same time we see Northcott in a train station, trying to buy a one way train ticket to Canada, although the best he can do is get a ticket to Seattle where he would then have to either hitch, rent a car, or walk across the border. Back with Christine (who has missed her appointment to appear on Gustav's show, much to his disappointment), we see her having her first breakfast in the asylum. She meets a woman named Carol (Amy Ryan) who is both sane and aware of her situation. Like Christine, Carol and a number of other women there were all brought in under a "Code 12" designation, which, while loosely defined, essentially means that they pissed off a police officer in some way, with Carol's reason being that she was someone who "worked" nights (to which Christine blushes) when a customer got a little rough, but when she filed a complaint, she found out that the customer was a cop. The available options, according to Carol, are to either keep your mouth shut and go home; behave by the asylum's rules and stay in one piece, but on the inside; or fight the system and end up with repetitive shock treatments. After breakfast, Christine has her first appointment with the head doctor, Dr. Johnathan Steele (Denis O'Hare). Christine tries to behave like she needs to to get out, but his dismissive treatment of her and accusations of lying/craziness, coupled with the photographic evidence of her posing with the boy in a front page article about mother and son being reunited, eventually cause her to start stuttering and trying to explain which only ends up making her look more insane, much to her dismay. Meanwhile, we see Sanford in a waiting room somewhere with other kids, one of whom keeps banging a ruler up and down, causing Sanford to see a man with an axe hitting something and covering himself with blood every time the ruler comes down. After a while, he is brought in to see Lester and Lester asks why Sanford wanted to see him again. Sanford then tells Lester the story of how he had intended to only stay with his cousin at his ranch for a little while, but was eventually forced to stay there. Lester lights a cigarette and starts asking what that has to do with it, and Sanford tells them of something they would do. Every now and then, they would go driving in the city and pick up a boy who was alone by saying that his parents were in the hospital and they needed him to come with them now. According to Sanford, if just an adult asked, the kid would automatically refuse to get in, since they wouldn't take a ride from strangers. However, if they saw that there was already a kid in the car -- a kid like Sanford, for instance -- then it must be okay to get in. After they had the boy, they would take him back to the ranch and lock him up inside the chicken coop on the grounds, sometimes with as many as four or five others. Once things started to get crowded, Northcott would take some of the boys and hack them to death with an axe....except sometimes, he wouldn't go all the way, and he would force Sanford to finish. In either case, Sanford would then have to dig a grave and bury the bodies on the grounds. By the end of this story, Sanford is in tears and Lester is in shock, with his cigarette having burnt all the way down without having been smoked. Pulling himself together, Lester asks if Sanford would remember the faces of those boys and Sanford nods yes. Lester pulls out a stack of pictures of missing boys and Sanford starts going through them. He puts the ones he recognizes face up on the table in front of him, eventually creating a pile of ten or fifteen pictures, with only a few rejects. Lester starts going through the recognized pile, looking at the names on the back. He pulls out one and asks Sanford if he's sure, and Sanford nods. Lester whispers, "Jesus Christ," and puts the picture, which is labeled "Walter Collins -- Age 9" on the table. He heads out of the room, grabs two other cops, and after grabbing Sanford and telling the cops he'll explain on the way, heads out. The next day, Christine is having another "talk" with Steele and, after noting that she is having to be force fed her medication, informs her that if she is willing to sign a contract saying that she was wrong and the police found the right boy, then she could go home first thing tomorrow morning. She refuses and grows angry, causing the doctor to yell for an orderly, who drags Christine out of the room kicking and screaming. Carol, who is near all this, comes to Chrstine's defense by fighting with several of the nurses and orderlies and even going so far as to punch the good doctor. Naturally, this unruly conduct gets her some time in the shock treatment room. When Christine checks on her later, Carol admits that she's been pregnant twice and lost the baby twice. She tells Christine that the important thing is to keep fighting, and as for the doctors and orderlies...."Fuck them and the horse they rode in on." Christine laughs at this unladylike remark and Carol says that there's a place and time for being ladylike, and this is neither. Meanwhile, Lester and his crew (including Sanford) reach the ranch and after securing the site they grab a shovel and tell Sanford to show them where the bodies are buried. He takes them to a spot that may once have had a small coop but now holds just the base of it, the rest having perished in a fire. Lester tells Sanford to start digging, which he reluctantly does, eventually unearthing first a shoe with a skeletal foot, then a hand, then a pair of ribcages. As Lester's partners recoil in shock and/or disgust, Lester steps forward and tells Sanford to stop, which, after a brief struggle, he does, collapsing in the dirt and crying. Later, Jones is talking with Lester on the phone about Lester's discovery and the implications, especially those in the Collins case, when Gustav shows up with an army of lawyers demanding Christine. Jones quickly tells Lester to just get Sanford to the station and confronts Gustav. Fortunately (except for Jones), Gustav is able to get Christine's current location. The day after, we see Christine at roll call (where the inmates stand outside their doors to be counted). Steele asks Christine if she's ready to sign the contract and she says proudly, "Fuck you and the horse you rode in on." Steele orders immediate shock treatment and heads for his office just as Gustav is barging in with his army. As Gustav yells at the head nurse to bring Christine out, an order is given to nurses in the shock room to let Christine go and bring her to Steele's office. He tells her that she can leave, which she does without knowing quite why. As she departs, we see the headline on the paper he is holding -- "Bodies of missing children found at ranch -- Collins child believed dead" (not exactly it, but close enough). Christine walks outside and overhears a newsie shouting the headline and faints, but Gustav is suddenly there to catch her and take her home. Sometime later, we see the fake Walter being interviewed by Lester. He claims innocence, but Lester says that given the Collins boy's death, he could be charged with accessory to murder. The kid doesn't believe it, but when Lester mentions that Sanford is going to jail at only fifteen (probably not true), he starts talking. Meanwhile, in Vancouver, we see Northcott arriving home at his sister's house. She welcomes him and after saying hello she invites him to go upstairs and clean up. As soon as he does, though, they hoof it and call the mounties, who are soon arriving to arrest Northcott. Back in the states, Christine receives a visit from Gustav. He has brought a friend with him who he introduces as S.S. Hahn (Geoffrey Pierson). Gustav asks Caroline what her next step is and she brings up the idea of a civil case against the whole department. In turn, Gustav notes that he tracked down the only lawyer to go up against the city four times in civil cases and wins, but that he was much costlier than Gustav could afford. Christine nods sadly, at which point Hahn says that that's why he's doing this case pro bono. On top of that news and the subpoenas being filed against the department, including Jones and the chief, Christine and her new friends also manage to get all the women in the asylum that were placed there under Code 12 released -- including Carol, who shares a warm smile with Christine as she makes her way out. About two weeks after this all started, on October 4, 1928, we see Christine and company heading into the courthouse amidst a swarm of people all carrying signs insulting the integrity of the LAPD. Inside the court, we see representatives of all parties gathered except for the LAPD. A recess is called, to the committee heads displeasure, and Christine is taken to a separate courtroom where the trial of Northcott is being held and where he enters a plea of "Not guilty". In the audience, a woman taps Christine on the shoulder and identifies herself as Leanne Clay (Lily Knight), a mother of one of the boys Northcott killed, which gives the two women an instant connection. On the same day, we see the fake Walter -- really a boy named Arthur Hutchins -- being reunited with his real mother by a smiling Chief Davis, who wants the press to note that the LAPD does many good deeds despite the bad deeds undertaken by a minority of the department. Unfortunately for him, this line gets derailed once the boy pipes up that it was the police who told him to be Walter Collins, which has Davis all but shoving the boy onto the train just to get rid of him. At this point, clips from each trial are shown, with people such as the Chief, Walter's teacher, and Walter's dentist testifying. Most prominently shown is a clip of Captain Jones being interviewed wherein Hahn gets him to admit that he sent Christine to the mental hospital without warrant or cause. Eventually, the trials are concluded and verdicts are reached. For Northcott's case, it ends with him being found guilty, at which point he pauses to say that he hates everyone in the courtroom except for Christine, who he calls a real classy lady. He is sentenced to solitary confinement at San Quentin prison until October 2, 1930, at which point he will be hung from the neck until dead. In the civil trial, the decree is that Jones shall be permanently suspended (re: fired); Davis shall be demoted from his position as chief; and an internal review of the steps needed to allow someone to be committed shall be undertaken so that events such as those which allowed Christine and the other women to be committed so easily shall not happen again. Two years later, on September 30, 1930, we see Christine at work. She takes her ten-minute "break", which consists of calls to missing child departments, when she is interrupted by none other than Hahn, her old lawyer friend. He informs her that Northcott has requested that he see her so he can tell her face to face what really happened to Walter. She goes down the next day but once the two are together, Northcott clams up. He says that he has confessed to God and been forgiven by Him and claims again that he never killed Walter, who he had called an angel at the trial, and that he does not want to lie now, lest he go to Hell. Christine demands to know what happened and that he tell the truth, even going so far as to throw him against the window to get him to talk, but it has no effect. She stays for the hanging the next day. Northcott is calm and detached, making conversation with the reverend and saying he has no final statement. He loses control on the steps to the noose, though, and is carried up by two guards. A bag is placed over his head and the noose is fitted as straps are tightened around his body to ensure a minimum of struggling, lest the rope break and the whole thing be ruined. As the time approaches, Northcott strangely begins to sing "Silent Night". At the appointed time, the warden nods and the floor drops. Northcott jerks briefly, but after a minute is still. Years pass. We next see Christine on February 27, 1935. Her operator friends are holding an Oscar party at one of their houses, but Christine declines, saying that she has too much work. Ben pops his head in her office and also asks, but she declines.... although after a moment, she tells him that if "It Happened One Night" (her pick for best picture) wins best picture over his pick, "Cleopatra", then she'll have dinner with him tomorrow night. Sure enough, that is just what happens. As she grins in her office, the phone rings. She picks up expecting it to be Ben, but is instead surprised by Leanne Clay, who says that they found one of the missing boys. Christine runs to the Lincoln Heights precinct and meets with Leanne and her husband, who are watching in a viewing room as Leanne's son David (Asher Axe) is interviewed by Lester. David says that he was in there with four other boys -- two brothers named Winslow, a kid named Joseph...and Walter. One night, three of the boys staged an escape thanks to some loose fence on the coop. Joseph and Walter got out quickly, but David got stuck on the fence. As Walter runs back to get him loose, lights are turned on in the house and Northcott and Sanford realize that the kids are missing. Walter frees David and the two run for it as Northcott tried to give chase. They all went in separate directions, and David never saw either of the other boys again. Eventually he found a house where a woman took him in, and that's where he had been staying until coming forward. Lester asks why he waited, and David says that he was scared that he'd be blamed for some of the deaths or that he'd be in some kind of trouble, at which point his parents come in and engulf him in a huge family hug, which Lester almost breaks up before deciding to let them have their moment. He and Christine head outside and he consoles Christine, saying that what Walter did was incredibly brave. She agrees and he asks what she'll do now. She smiles at him and says that if David escaped and survived, then maybe that means that Walter and the other boys also did, and that maybe Walter is out there right now, alive but afraid to come forward, thinking that something might happen to him or to his mother. Whatever the case, she says, she now has something she didn't have before. Lester asks her what that is, and she looks him in the eye and says simply, "Hope." 
 Live by Night (2016)541) A group of Boston-bred gangsters set up shop in balmy Florida during the Prohibition era, facing off against the competition and the Ku Klux Klan. Boston, 1926. The '20s are roaring. Liquor is flowing, bullets are flying, and one man sets out to make his mark on the world. Prohibition has given rise to an endless network of underground distilleries, speakeasies, gangsters, and corrupt cops. Joe Coughlin, the youngest son of a prominent Boston police captain, has long since turned his back on his strict and proper upbringing. Now having graduated from a childhood of petty theft to a career in the pay of the city's most fearsome mobsters, Joe enjoys the spoils, thrills, and notoriety of being an outlaw. But life on the dark side carries a heavy price. In a time when ruthless men of ambition, armed with cash, illegal booze, and guns, battle for control, no one-neither family nor friend, enemy nor lover-can be trusted. Beyond money and power, even the threat of prison, one fate seems most likely for men like Joe: an early death. But until that day, he and his friends are determined to live life to the hilt. Joe embarks on a dizzying journey up the ladder of organized crime that takes him from the flash of Jazz Age Boston to the sensual shimmer of Tampa's Latin Quarter to the sizzling streets of Cuba. Live by Night is a riveting epic layered with a diverse cast of loyal friends and callous enemies, tough rumrunners and sultry femmes fatales, Bible-quoting evangelists and cruel Klansmen, all battling for survival and their piece of the American dream. At once a sweeping love story and a compelling saga of revenge, it is a spellbinding tour de force of betrayal and redemption, music and murder, that brings fully to life a bygone era when sin was cause for celebration and vice was a national virtue. Anonymous Joe Coughlin is the son of a Boston cop living during prohibition. He would fall in love with a girl who belongs to a gangster. He would ask her to runaway with him and to get money he tries to rob a bank but something goes wrong and some cops are killed. Joe would be caught and is about to be charged when his father intervened and got him a short sentence. When he gets out, needing a job, he goes to another gangster who offers him the position of overseeing his interests in Tampa. And Joe accepts. And Joe does a good job and he gets involved with a Cuban. Eventually he finds himself having to deal with the KKK, thing is he needs to tread carefully because the head man is the brother in law of the Sheriff. And when a thing he was planning that was suppose to net his boss a lot of money goes bust, he faces severe consequences. rcs0411@yahoo.com In 1926, Joe Coughlin, a World War I veteran of Irish descent and the prodigal son of Boston police captain Thomas Coughlin, falls in love with Emma Gould, the mistress of notorious gangster Albert White, the boss of the Irish Gang of Boston. Thomas objects to the relationship and advises Joe against his criminal activities, warning him that his wrongdoing will catch up with him eventually. White's rival, Italian Mafia boss Maso Pescatore, finds out about their affair and blackmails Joe to kill White. Joe refuses but he and Emma decide to flee to California. To fund the trip, Joe commits a bank heist with his partner Dion Bartolo, during which three police officers are killed in an ensuing chase. When Joe tries to leave with Emma anyway, she lures him into a trap set by White. Joe is brutally beaten by White and his men and nearly killed before the police arrive and arrest Joe for the policemen's murders.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the 1920s, the film starts with the voice of Joe Coughlin (Ben Affleck) discussing his time fighting in France back in 1918 during World War I, and how he witnessed many good men die for nothing. In the years since he returned home to Boston, he had tried to do good, but he would eventually go down a different path. Joe and two of his partners rob a gangster and pretend to take a woman, Emma Gould (Sienna Miller), as a hostage. In reality, Emma was Joe's "inside man", but he is head-over-heels in love with her. Emma is already the girlfriend of the Irish gang boss Albert White (Robert Glenister), but she and Joe see each other whenever Albert is out of town. Joe and Emma have dinner together and are met by Joe's father Thomas (Brendan Gleeson), a police captain. Thomas makes a comment regarding one of Emma's relatives, indicating he disapproves of her. Emma is clearly upset by Thomas's behavior with her over dinner, but Joe tries to assure her that Thomas doesn't have a problem with her. Joe meets Maso Pescatore (Remo Girone), an Italian gangster who is Albert's rival. He wants Joe to take Albert out, otherwise he will let Albert know about Joe's affair with Emma. Joe and his partner Dion Bartolo (Chris Messina) pull off a bank robbery. They are immediately pursued by cops as Joe cannot get the hang of the getaway car, crashing into a civilian car before speeding away. Dion and their other partner make it to another car while Joe stays in the first getaway car. The cops pursue both cars, leading to a chase down the street that ends up causing the cop cars to crash and burn, along with Joe being ejected from his car. When he comes to, he sees the burning cop car in the river and he flees. Joe rushes over to a casino to meet with Emma so they can skip town. They hop inside an elevator and kiss passionately before Emma regretfully reveals it was a trap. One of Albert's large thugs pulls Joe out and starts beating him mercilessly, even kicking Joe in the groin hard enough to make him puke. He is pulled outside where Albert and his goons plan to kill him, but Thomas and his squad arrive, forcing Albert and his men to leave. The cops then arrest Joe. Chief Inspector Calvin Bondurant (Clark Gregg) wants to put Joe in prison for life for the death of the officers, but Thomas blackmails him into giving Joe only three years. Two weeks before Joe is set to be released, Thomas passes away. Joe attends his funeral. With nothing and nobody left for him, Joe goes to Maso and asks for work in getting revenge against Albert. Maso has Joe relocate to Ybor City in Tampa, Florida to be the strongman for Maso's rum business. Joe reunites with Dion and heads down to Ybor to start working. They meet a Cuban businessman named Esteban Suarez (Miguel) to help them out. Joe becomes smitten with Esteban's sister Graciella (Zoe Saldana). Joe and Dion kill Albert's men in Tampa as they horn in on the rum business, much to the gangster's rage. Joe later meets with Chief Irving Figgis (Chris Cooper) to help set up a gambling hotel in collaboration with the Ritz after Maso has asked Joe to get in on the gambling business. The men also meet Irving's daughter Loretta (Elle Fanning), who is heading off to Hollywood with ambitions of becoming an actress. Joe's speakeasy clubs and businesses are attracting a lot of business, and he is personally attracting the attention of Graciella. Although she tells him they will not be lovers, they quickly head into a room to make love. One evening, one of Joe's clubs is disturbed by the KKK putting up a burning cross outside. One of the Klan's member, RD Pruitt (Matthew Maher), terrorizes and robs from the establishments. He also happens to be Irving's brother-in-law. Joe has Irving arrange a meeting with RD. Despite RD being a dimwitted bigot, Joe calmly attempts to negotiate a 15% cut in order for RD to stop harassing people and killing business. RD agrees. Despite the deal, RD starts going around killing Joe's customers out of his racist agenda. Joe and Dion go to meet with the Grand Wizard of the KKK, Gary L. Smith (Anthony Michael Hall), who runs an establishment of his own. Gary informs the men that many Klan members work in the community, including police officers. Since Gary has less power than any of them, Dion shoots Gary dead in front of a bunch of his employees. Joe goes to Irving's house. Irving states that there were 70 witnesses to the murder but nobody is stepping forward to testify. He tells Joe about how Loretta has turned to drugs and prostitution in Hollywood. Joe wants Irving to take care of RD, but Irving can't bring himself to give RD up. He tells Joe to be man enough to kill RD himself. Joe meets with RD outside the Ritz, which is under construction. RD brings two of his goons outside with guns. RD declares he won't stop what he's doing, and he threatens to kill Graciella to Joe's face. Joe takes out his gun and shoots RD dead while Dion and a couple other guys come out of hiding and kill RD's guys. Joe gets shot in the side as a result but he survives. Soon, Joe and his men start fighting back against the Klan, causing them to retreat from Tampa. Loretta returns home and suffers abusive punishment from her father. She begins preaching to the masses in a tent about repenting and making herself an example of the result of sinful living. Because of this, Joe is unable to receive government funding for the Ritz sine Loretta's sermons have put people off from gambling and drugs. This also causes Maso and his gang to distance themselves from Joe and his business. Joe encounters Loretta in a restaurant by herself. She expresses her true feelings over God and her sins, and how she thinks Heaven is already here on Earth. Joe then asks why it feels like Hell. Loretta responds, "Because we fucked up." Dion approaches Joe the next day with a newspaper reporting on Loretta's death, as she slit her throat in her father's bed the previous night. Joe is visibly distraught by the news. Joe visits Esteban and sees a picture he took in a casino, and he sees Emma in the picture after believing her to be dead. Knowing she is in Miami, he decides to go looking for her. He discloses this with Graciella first. Maso and his gang are in Tampa. Joe meets with him in his home, and Maso wants to get rid of Joe despite the expansion of his business, but mainly because of his failure with the gambling venture and for not killing Loretta for bringing it down. He gives Joe the option of working under his son Digger (Max Casella) or to "clean the shit out of his toilet". Joe says he will work under Digger. To Joe's surprise, he learns that Maso is now working with Albert, who is there with a Tommy gun to kill Joe. Joe pulls out the picture of Emma, and he finds out that even Albert didn't know she was still alive. Soon, Joe's men start coming in from the tunnels, which Maso figures out is how they have been getting rum and drugs through. Joe's men start killing Maso's men while Joe fights Albert. Dion and a few other guys go in with their guns and shoot Maso's guys and throw them over the staircase. Joe kills Albert by shooting him through the wall. He waits for Maso as he goes to fix himself a drink. After telling Maso that Digger is dead, Joe shoots Maso in the chest, killing him. Afterwards, Joe hands his business over to Dion, who takes the men under his wing. Joe's voiceover states that Dion ran the business for eight years and did not live to see old age as he had predicted. Joe finds Emma working outside a brothel. She explains how she faked her death by having her driver run their car into the river, and she took refuge with a fisherman. Emma says she loves the feeling of being free. Joe asks if she ever loved him the way he loved her. She makes it clear that she didn't feel the same way. Joe leaves her for good. Joe and Graciella move to Miami and start their own business building houses for the poor. They have a son,Tomas (Gabriel L. Silva), named after Joe's father. One afternoon, Irving, who has now gone mad after Loretta's death, goes over to the Coughlin house and starts shooting while yelling "Repent! Repent!" Graciella rushes to protect Tomas as Joe goes outside and shoots Irving dead. Unfortunately, Graciella was shot and killed. Joe cries over her body. She is later buried in her native home of Cuba. Joe continues to do right by his son. He takes him to the movies and sees that his brother wrote the film. Joe's voiceover states that Tomas wants to grow up to be a police officer. He talks about wanting to see his mother in Heaven. Joe says he tells his son what Loretta told him - Heaven is already there on Earth. 