nm0008123:

 Bride of the Nile (1963)Summaries An engineer in an oil company tries to dig to reach the oil in area with a lot of ancient Egyptian tombs. He meets with Hames, the pride of the Nile, and changed his mind about digging in the ancient Valley. sam mtm A petroleum engineer goes to Luxor to do follow ups on the company's operations for oil search; despite the efforts to stop him from digging in old burial ground for pharaohs, he continues his operations until he meets one of ancient brides of the Nile that had been sent from the other world to stop him and warn him from continuing. Moh X It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Love My Master (1961)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Empty Pillow (1957)Summaries The story of first teenager love and its fake effect in a man's life. Salah is a young man living the best days of his life with his first love Samiha. Soon, Salah's dreams deteriorate when Samiha accepts a proposal from a wealthy man, and he eventually tries to overcome and start a new life with another woman. Moh X It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bahia (I) (1960)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 