nm0005456:

 Sunset Beach (19971999)Summaries Having discovered her fianc Tim Truman kissing another woman, Meg Cummings leaves her home in Kansas on their wedding day to start a new life in Sunset Beach, California. Her goal is to find a computer pen pal, SB. Soon after she sets foot on Sunset Beach, Meg's life is turned upside-down, as she becomes involved in the dynamic lives of the Beach's residents. KR <rivadenei@uhavax.hartford.edu> The three-year story of the conflicts and struggles of the residents of a Southern California beachside town. The show focused on the wealthy Richards family, star-crossed lovers Ben Evans and Meg Cummings, the Torres family, and many other residents were also prominently featured. Derek <DRLC613@aol.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Pledge This! (2006)431) At South Beach University, a beautiful sorority president takes in a group of unconventional freshman girls seeking acceptance into her house. At popular South Beach University (Miami), filthy rich super-snob Victoria English is the absolute queen of leading Greek student club, Sigma Sigma. In order to achieve her crowning ambition, winning FHM Magazine's annual best sorority, she must recruit atypical 'Sigmies' to fulfill the diversity criteria. Ambitious sycophant pledge Kristen Haas helps her attract 'losers' (too poor, ugly, unfashionable), who are cruelly put through excruciating hazing, without intent to actually enroll them. Gloria, the brightest and most assertive pledge, wins the heart of Derek 'baby Dick', Victoria's ideal, yet constantly abused boyfriend, whose bitch-addiction is cured by this alternative lover. Together they lead the revolt of the not-even-nerds. KGF Vissers Victoria English is the wealthy and snobbish president of Gamma Gamma sorority of South Beach University in Miami, Florida. When Victoria learns that FHM Magazine is nominating them for "Best Sorority of the Year" with her being on the front cover of the next issue, Victoria plots to have more "diverisifed" co-eds pledge her sorority to integrate her all-blond and wealthy sorority. One of Victoria's pledges, Kristen Haas, suggests her ex-friend Gloria to pledge and who brings along six of her misfit dorm mates whom include; DJ spinner Monique; an Indian exchange student nicknamed PooPoo; divorce Kathy, whom is seeking to relive her youth by going back to college; fat Southern belle Maxine; weird goth girl Babs; and suicide-chick Tonya. The seven pledges are force to go through the most outrageous initiations to be accepted. But when they learn that it was all an act, Gloria teams up with Victoria's boyfriend, Derek, to settle the score. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. When a dorm toilet explodes on the first day back to school, a group of misfit girlfriends are forced to leave their housing and search for a new home. They ultimately decide on pledging a sorority. However, not many sororities are normal at South Beach University. The girls decide to pledge the most popular and exclusive sorority at the university, Gamma Gamma, which is led by president Victoria English (Paris Hilton). While pledging the sorority, Victoria sends the girls to do a task: collect used condoms, while searching the park, the leader of the group Gloria bumps into Victoria's boyfriend Derek ('baby dick' called by Victoria) and they become close. The only reason Victoria plans to let the freshmen pledge is to display diversity, which is a requirement for the "FHM Hottest Sorority In The Country" contest. From then on, Victoria declares war on the girls during "Hell Week" but ultimately lets them join, only to kick them out once they have won the contest. This angers the leader of the misfit freshmen, Gloria, so she quits the sorority as does her friends. Derek and Gloria realize their feelings towards each other and seal it with a kiss. Gloria's ex-best friend, Kristen desperate for wanting to get into Gamma Gamma convinces Gloria to come back. Gloria and her friends come back but only to declare war on Victoria by sneaking into the Gamma Gamma house and stealing embarrassing photos and video footage of Victoria to show to everyone at the Gamma Gamma victory party. She also reveals to Victoria that she and Derek love each other and before kissing say, "Pledge This!". Victoria becomes embarrassed and eventually makes a public apology to the freshmen. The movie ends with a giant food fight at the Gamma Gamma party, and Victoria saying that she loved her cover of "FHM" so much she bought the magazine. Gloria becomes the president of Gamma Gamma the following year. And everyone is at peace. 
 Hot Tamale (2006)211) A road trip to Los Angeles inadvertently leads a young man from Wyoming into a wild maze of psychotic hit-men, racy women, jewel thieves and a salsa band. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A road trip to Los Angeles inadvertently leads a young man from Wyoming into a wild maze of psychotic hit-men, racy women, jewel thieves and a salsa band. 
 Dorm Daze (2003)Summaries Set during a crazy afternoon in the lives of a dozen college students at a co-ed dorm that starts with the arrival of two very different women with the same name of Dominique. Dorm Daze unfolds during a crazy afternoon at a university co-ed dormitory in the days before Christmas break when one of the students, Styles McFee, hires a prostitute named Dominique for his unwitting brother, Booker, to lose his virginity. But Booker prefers to lose his virginity to his long-term sweetheart Rachel just down the hall. Meanwhile, another student, named Wang, awaits the arrival of a French foreign exchange student, who speaks little English, also named Dominique. Farcical wackiness ensues as a series of mistaken identities and mishaps escalate into monumental proportions starting when Wang leaves for work, Dominique the Student arrives and is mistaken for the prostitute by Styles, while Dominique the Hooker is mistaken for the student by others including the two dorm gossip queens Lynne and Marla. Other characters involve Adrienne, who is targeted by the dorm geek, Newmar, with whom they had a drunken fling the night before. Adrienne tries to find a missing handbag belonging to her friend, Claire, who is having boyfriend troubles with Tony. Adrienne's roommate, Gerri, inadvertently gets her hands on another handbag similar looking to Claire's which is filled with $30,000 in cash. Gerri is soon mistaken for a shadowy hit woman, named Britany the Snake, by a local gangster named Lorenzo. Elsewhere, Pete's punk friend Cliff enters the dorm when Pete has to go to work. Cliff soon teams up with Dominique the Hooker to find the missing handbag with the cash while the token gay student Foosball works his way through all the plots of this collegiate comedy of Shakespearean proportions. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 