nm0004357:

 Saving Silverman (2001)651) A pair of buddies conspire to save their best friend from marrying the wrong woman. Two dim-witted former high school buddys and Neil Diamond fanactics, Wayne and J.D., plot to keep their friend Darren from marrying the wrong woman, a domineering and spiteful psychologist named Judith by kidnapping her and trying to set Darren up with his old high school girlfriend Sandy who plans to become a nun. Matthew Patay Darren, JD, and Wayne are best friends and Neil Diamond fanatics. Their lives are going well up until Darren begins a relationship with Judith, an a tyrannical psychologist who forces him to cut his ties with JD and Wayne. When JD and Wayne learn that Darren and Judith are engaged, they come up with a plan to kidnap Judith and hook Darren up with his high school love, Sandy. However, Judith is always one step ahead of the two bozos. Sam Darren Silverman, Wayne LeFessier, and J.D. McNugent, lovable losers, have been best friends since the fifth grade, Darren the hopeless romantic, Wayne the one whose thoughts of grandeur always fall short, and J.D. the socially unaware, slightly overweight one who is always sidetracked by food. Something that ties them together is their love of all things Neil Diamond , they performing covers of his songs in their tribute band. Darren has always felt that Sandy Perkis, the two who were on the cheerleading squad together in high school, was the only woman for him, he, never acting on his feelings, missing his chance with her when she and her circus family moved away. However, he believes he has met his new soul mate in the form of beautiful psychologist, Judith Fessbeggler. In his love for her, he cannot see that she is a controlling b****, she only wanting him as her sexless slave. Part of that control is wanting Wayne and J.D., who she considers pigs, out of Darren's life. Not wanting to lose their friend to who they can see is an evil woman, Wayne and J.D. do whatever they can for Judith to exit Darren's life, if not on her own volition, then forcibly. On the flip side, they have to make Darren forget about her, which they believe is easier if there is another woman on the horizon, the most likely candidate in their minds being Sandy. Sometimes not having the moxie to do what they need to do to carry out their rough sketch of a plan, they enlist the help of who was Wayne's high school football coach, Mr. Norton, the type of man who will use a machete when a pen knife is more appropriate. Huggo Darren, J.D. & Wayne have been best friends since the fifth grade. They are Neil Diamond fanatics and even have a cover band. Darren, still looking for the right one meets Judith, a psychologist who tries to "whip" Darren. She decides to force Darren to dump J.D. & Wayne as his best friends as well as breaking up their band. After hearing about Darren's engagement to Judith, the decide to kidnap Judith, and try to set Darren back up with his old flame, Sandy before she becomes a nun and Darren marries Mrs. Wrong!!! Ryan Harder <hotshotharder@hotmail.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Neil Diamond is the man of this film and is what brings the group of friends together, Darren Silverman (Jason Biggs), Wayne Lefessier (Steve Zahn) and J.D McNugget (Jack Black). When the group have just finished performing a song from their Neil Diamond tribute band they go to a bar to relax. A woman walks in and Wayne and J.D persuade Darren to go try and talk to her. He goes after a little more persuasion (lying) from Wayne who says she 'wants him'. She quickly denies him and he accidently leaves his bottle of beer on the table. Another, more repulsive, man comes over to try and hit on her and Darren comes back for his beer where the woman sits him down and pretends he is her boyfriend just to get rid of the other man. They spend the night talking and eventually end up in a realtionship. However, Darren's realtionship with Judith (Amanda Peet) means he spends no time at all now with his two best friends. Darren tries to get Judith and his friends to become aquainted and perhaps even become friends but this plan is a disaster and leaves Wayne and J.D with no Darren. They come up with several different ideas to try and get Darren back including 'cheating' photographs and breaking and entering. All of these plans are foiled but there is one plan that they hope will work. In high school Darren was in love with another girl, Sandy Perkus (Amanda Detmer) and she is back in town so the two guys try to persuade her and Darren to get back together. Then they kidnap Judith and tell Darren she is dead so that he will get back together with Sandy and they can all be friends again. But Judith knows it is Wayne and J.D that have kidnapped her so she eventually figures out a way to get out and when she does she sees that Sandy and Darren are back together but Darren had promised Judith they would get married so they still carry on with the wedding after Sandy runs away to finish becoming a nun. Wayne and J.D are put in jail for kidnapping but are then broken out by their former gym teacher, they then go and stop Sandy from becoming a nun and tell her Darren still loves her, then they kidnap Neil Diamond in the assumption that he will help get them back together and then they go to the wedding. Neil Diamond plays for them and Darren realises the error of his ways and goes back to Sandy. Judith, heartbroken, then turns and goes with Wayne, and J.D and the coach admit that they are gay and they go together. On stage that night Neil Diamond weds Darren and Sandy, Wayne and Judith, and J.D and the coach. The film ends on a humourosly happy ending. 
 Hot Tub Time Machine (2010)431) A malfunctioning time machine at a ski resort takes a man back to 1986 with his two friends and nephew, where they must relive a fateful night and not change anything to make sure the nephew is born. Three friends on losing streaks: Adam, whose girlfriend dumped him, Nick, with a dead-end job and a cheating wife, and Lou, a suicidal alcoholic. To help Lou recover from car-exhaust poisoning, Adam and Nick, with Adam's nephew Jacob, go to a winter resort that was their old party place. It's now a dump, but the lads rally for a night of drinking in the hot tub. Somehow, the hot tub takes them back to 1986, on a fateful night for each of them. Maybe if they do everything the same way they did that night, they'll get back to the future so Jacob can be born. There are serious temptations to do things differently. Will they make it back to their sorry lives? And what about Jacob? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Forty-somethings Adam Yates, Nick Webber and Lou Dorchen have been friends since they were teenagers, and even though they have each other's contact information, they, as adults, don't like to associate with each other now, and often ignore especially Lou's attempts to keep in touch. Their lives haven't turned out very well. Adam, who wants to be in love, has just been acrimoniously dumped by the latest in a long string of girlfriends. His twenty-three year old nephew, Jacob, lives in his basement since Jacob's single mother, Adam's sister Kelly, is a deadbeat. Nick once had a promising musical career, but gave that up for his wife Courtney, who rules the family. Nick now works in a dead end job in a doggie spa. And Lou lives a reckless life as an overgrown adolescent. Because of an accident which almost takes Lou's life - which the authorities believe was an attempted suicide despite Lou's denials - Adam, Nick and Jacob decide to treat Lou to a vacation weekend to Kodiak Valley, a ski resort the three friends often frequented during happier times in their life. The resort has seen better days. But they're happy that they manage to get the same hotel room they had twenty-four years earlier during Winterfest '86. After taking a dip in the hot tub in their room, they miraculously awaken back to that Winterfest with all the knowledge of their adult lives. The one person who seems to know what's going on is the hot tub maintenance man, who implies that they have to recreate their lives on that 1986 Winterfest vacation so as not to upset the future before they can be sent forward to the present. That premonition is most important to Jacob, who believes that any change to their structure will result in him not being born. But Adam, Nick and Lou have problems adhering to many of the less pleasant incidents of that vacation. But if adhering to what they did in 1986 won't change the future, they may come to the realization that making certain changes may result in a better life for themselves than the first time around, the consequences be damned. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2010, three friends are dissatisfied with their lives. Adam (John Cusack) has been dumped by yet another girlfriend, and his video-game-obsessed nephew Jacob (Clark Duke) lives in his basement. Lou (Rob Corddry) is a party guy way past his prime who is divorced and his family wants nothing to do with him. Lou has also failed in several investments and is debt-ridden as a result. Nick (Craig Robinson) has a dead-end job at a dog spa and a controlling wife named Courtney (Kellee Stewart) who is allegedly having an affair. Lou almost dies from carbon monoxide poisoning in what his friends think is a suicide attempt. Adam and Nick impulsively take him and Jacob to the site of some of their most memorable weekends, the Kodiak Valley Ski Resort, "where no one got carded and everyone got laid". However, upon arrival they see that Kodiak Valley has fallen on the same hard times as the four men. Upon arriving, they encounter Phil, a one-armed bellman (Crispin Glover). During a crazy night of drinking in a hot tub, they spill a can of an illegal Russian energy drink called "Chernobly" (named in reference to Chernobyl, Ukraine) on the hot tub's controls. The next day, they wake up in 1986. They can see each other as their 2010 age and appearances, but in their reflections and to other people, they appear as they did in 1986. Jacob, who has not even been born yet, somehow is still a full-grown man as he was in his 2010 state. They arrive during "Winterfest '86," the weekend when Poison played to a huge crowd at the then-thriving Kodiak Resort. At first, the guys do not think that they have traveled back in time but are convinced when they find out that Michael Jackson is still black, and discover that Phil, the bellman has both arms. It is a time that was hard on the group. Adam broke up with his first girlfriend and got stabbed in the eye with a fork. Adam's sister, Kelly, conceived Jacob with an unknown father. Lou was beaten up by Blaine, the ski patrol bully, and none of his friends came to his aid. Nick's show ended in disaster with his band at an open mic contest. The four are at first concerned that if they change even the slightest thing in this time, it could have drastic consequences in the future (based on a tenuous understanding of the Ray Bradbury short story, "A Sound of Thunder"), they set out to do exactly what they did 24 years ago. Believing he must do everything the same as before, Nick has sex with a girl named Tara (Jessica Par), but feels extremely guilty over being unfaithful to Courtney as his marriage to her occurred before the time travel. Later, they decide that this may be a chance to change their destinies. When Jacob begins to flicker in and out of existence, he warns the guys that if they continue what they're doing, then he may be wiped out of existence. A mysterious hot tub repairman (Chevy Chase) informs Jacob that the key to their time travel was the Chernobly, which contains chemicals that are vital to the time travel process. However, the Chernobly is in Lou's backpack, which was stolen by Blaine's gang. Nick calls Courtney (his future wife who is actually 9 years old when he calls) and yells at her about the evils of adultery. Courtney's father interrupts the conversation and Adam and Jacob stop Nick from telling him that Courtney is his bride-to-be. Adam's girlfriend, Jenny (Lyndsy Fonseca), dumps him before he can dump her (and he still gets stabbed by her, but in the forehead with a plastic fork), but he ends up spending the night with a music journalist, April (Lizzy Caplan). With Lou's encouragement, Nick & his band rock the crowd with performances of early-1980s hit "Jesse's Girl" and early-2000s hit "Let's Get It Started" - which he introduces as "a song from the future" that the audience gets to hear since this time (unlike last time) they were very receptive to his band's performance. Lou is beaten up by Blaine (Sebastian Stan), but finds the courage to punch him back, and all three of Lou's friends appear to confront Blaine's henchmen and recapture the Chernobly. Lou also seduces Kelly (Collette Wolfe) and conceives Jacob, solving the mystery of who Jacob's true father was. Also throughout the course of the time, they witness Phil almost get his arm taken off by a chainsaw and get stuck in the elevator shaft, but are disappointed when the arm doesn't become amputated, but as they are about to leave, Phil does lose his arm after being struck by a snowplow. The guys are set to go back to 2010, but, just as the hot tub starts to activate, Lou decides to remain in 1986, admitting to Adam that he was indeed trying to kill himself, and that if he goes back it will happen all over again. He says he wants to use his knowledge of future history to make investments, and do right by Kelly and Jacob. Adam says that if Lou is staying, so is he but Lou pushes Adam into the hot tub, just as it blasts the guys back into 2010. The gang arrives back in 2010 to find that Phil's arms are still in tact. Phil says that after the gang left, Blaine and his group managed to save his severed arm by putting it on ice and taking him to a nearby hospital to have it re-attached. Adam, Nick, and Jacob discover that Lou, Kelly, and Jacob are now a happy family enjoying a lavish lifestyle. Lou has become a successful rock star with his favorite band, "Mtley Loue" and is the founder of an Internet search engine called "Lougle". Adam discovers that he eventually married April, and Nick is a successful music producer married to a loyal and supportive Courtney. She tells him about a wrong number phone call she got when she was 9, that was enough to keep her from trying to cheat on anybody. Adam, Nick, Lou, and Jacob reunite at Lou's mansion with their families, satisfied with their new lives. 
 Alien Trespass (2009)321) After crash landing near a desert town, an alien enlists the help of a local waitress to re-capture a monster that escaped from the wreckage of his space ship. The story begins in 1957 in the star-filled skies above California's Mojave Desert. It is a special night for noted astronomer Ted Lewis, who is preparing a special dinner for his beautiful, adoring wife Lana to celebrate their wedding anniversary. In another part of town, Tammy, a waitress at small local diner with big plans for the future, looks out her window and is excited to see a shooting star, which she takes as a good sign for her dreams. But, what Dr. Lewis and Tammy assume is a shooting star, is really an alien spaceship. The fiery ball hurtles toward earth and crash-lands on a butte in the desert. The only witnesses are teens Dick and Penny who are necking in a nearby lover's lane. A tall, metallic alien named Urp emerges from the craft unharmed, alarmed to discover that the monstrous Ghota, who was also on board, has escaped. The menacing one-eyed creature's unquenchable appetite could mean the end of civilization as we know it. Urp is the only one who knows how to stop the hideous extra-terrestrial, but to do so he has to take over the body of Dr. Lewis and enlist the aid of Tammy, the only human in town willing to believe and trust in his mission. The local police - including Chief Dawson and Officer Vern - are confirmed skeptics and offer little help. Together, Urp and Tammy must hunt down the Ghota and neutralize it before it consumes all the local inhabitants and uses the human fuel to multiply and conquer the world! Alien Trespass Online Marketing <marketing@alientrespass.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. It was a summer night in 1957 in the quiet California desert town of Mojave. Local astronomer Ted Lewis (Eric McCormack) is making a special anniversary dinner for his wife Lana (Jody Thompson). A local diner waitress, Tammy (Jenni Baird) is in her trailer painting a horse scene while Dick (Andrew Dunbar) and Penny (Sarah Smyth) are necking at lovers lane. All are watching the light show from the annual August Perseid meteor showers when suddenly there is a blinding light and crash into the butte just outside of town. Ted attempts to investigate but Lana prevails in keeping him home at least until she falls asleep and he can sneak out to the crash site. In the meantime we see a gruesome alien creature (The Ghota) leaving the spaceship to slip away into the night. Soon after, a tall alien in a silvery metallic suit (Urp) appears from the ship. When Ted arrives at the butte he does not discover a smoking red-hot meteorite but rather a flying saucer imbedded in the hillside with its ramp down. He cautiously enters the saucer and is snatched up by the mysterious silver alien. Townspeople soon start disappearing everywhere and the only remnant at the scene is a puddle of gurgling mud. Ted Lewis, having been body snatched by Urp, is now on the trail of the murderous Ghota. Urp, is actually a galactic Federal Marshal from another planet who was transporting the Ghota when his saucer crashed landed and the Ghota escaped. He needs to find and recapture the creature before it begins to divide or it will multiply exponentially until all life is consumed on planet Earth. After unsuccessfully trying to convince Lana to help him find the Ghota, Urp meets Tammy on the highway when she offers him a lift. Urp tries his best to convince Tammy of his plight and to help him track down the Ghota. But when they stop at an old derelicts cabin and find only a mud puddle of human remains, Tammy can take no more of the crazy talk and circumstances and leaves him in a huff. The teens, Dick & Penny, are on their own track encountering first the Ghota and then the saucer, trying to convince anyone to believe them. Finally they tell their story in the diner to Tammy who now realizes that Urp was telling her the truth. She tries to convey this to the temporary police chief (Dan Lauria) who still refuses to believe there is any real threat, much less from outer space. That is until later when his senior deputy (Robert Patrick) is also dissolved by the Ghota. The Ghota is now rampaging through the town dissolving people, cops (and even children) at will. Tammy encounters the Ghota herself while she is closing the diner and makes a narrow escape. Then comes the big scene in the local movie theater where Dick, Penny and Cody (Aaron Brooks) are watching the original 1950s version of The Blob. The Ghota appears at the rear of the theater and begins picking off its prey. All the patrons flee the theater except the teens who are trapped and now stalked by the Ghota. All seems hopeless until Tammy arrives and tries to help, only to become trapped herself with the teens when the Ghotas divided twin suddenly materializes. Then from the curtain entrance a ray gun blast and then a second stunning shot. The Ghotas are down, but only in stasis as Urp arrives and saves the day. Time to load the Ghotas in Tammys truck and race to the butte so Urp can return Teds body and quickly depart in his spaceship with its deadly cargo. But not so fast! Sheriff Dawson and an armed posse of townspeople are hot on their trail and looking for revenge. There is a showdown at the saucer where Tammy stands resolutely between Dawson, the posse and Urp. With an impassioned and compelling speech, Tammy convinces Dawson to put down his gun, let Urp repair his ship, take the immobilized Ghotas and depart Earth in peace. Dawson reluctantly agrees. There is a tender goodbye between Urp and Tammy before astronomer Ted is returned to the delight of his wife Lana. Then plumes of smoke and the saucer lifts off to the amazement of the gathered townspeople. In the closing scene, as Tammy is driving out of town in her battered pick-up on the way to her new life in Sausalito, she watches the saucer rising over the butte. It stops momentarily in mid-air as Tammy waves dreamily from the cab. The saucer wags a thank you and a final goodbye and then zooms up and away towards a welcomed return to outer space. A 50 year old new movie! 
 Elf (2003)321) Raised as an over-sized elf, a human travels from the North Pole to NYC to meet his biological father who doesn't know he exists and is in desperate need of some Christmas spirit. Buddy was a baby in an orphanage who stowed away in Santa's sack and ended up at the North Pole. Later, as an adult human who happened to be raised by elves, Santa allows him to go to New York City to find his birth father, Walter Hobbs. Hobbs, on Santa's naughty list for being a heartless jerk, had no idea that Buddy was even born. Buddy, meanwhile, experiences the delights of New York City (and human culture) as only an elf can. When Walter's relationship with Buddy interferes with his job, he is forced to reevaluate his priorities. Ken Miller <wkmiller704@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Thirty years prior to the events of the film, a baby crawls into Santa's sack at an orphanage. Santa unwittingly takes the baby back to the North Pole, where it is decided that Papa Elf will raise him. The baby, named Buddy, is raised unaware that he is actually a human, until his enormous size and poor toy-making abilities cause Papa Elf to tell him the truth. The old elf reveals that Buddy was born to Walter Hobbs and Susan Wells and placed up for adoption, that Walter never knew Buddy was born, and that he now works at a children's book company in New York. From Santa, Buddy learns that his father is also on the naughty list; nevertheless, Buddy sets out for New York to find his father. Once in the city, Buddy displays his navet in several ways, as he crosses the street at the wrong time, chews discarded gum on the street, and takes a coffee shop's claim to have the "world's best cup of coffee" literally. Buddy eventually finds his father in the Empire State Building, but an incredulous Walter Hobbs has him thrown out. Buddy takes a security guard's sarcastic suggestion to "get back to Gimbel's," where he is mistaken for an employee and meets the lovely but unenthusiastic Jovie. The next morning, Buddy is shocked to discover that Gimbel's Santa is not the genuine article, and a fight ensues between them. Buddy is arrested and Walter reluctantly bails him out and takes him to a pediatrician for a DNA test. Once it is proven that Buddy is in fact Walter's son, he takes Buddy home to meet his wife Emily and son Michael. Walter is clearly put off by Buddy's immature, innocent behavior (he slathers his pasta with maple syrup and can't seem to understand that Walter isn't interested in playing with him), but Emily insists that they take care of Buddy until he "recovers." Buddy befriends Michael after the former defeats a gang of bullies single-handedly in a snowball fight, and Michael encourages Buddy to ask Jovie out. The next day, Walter reluctantly takes Buddy to work with him, and uses Buddy's navet to send him down to the mailroom. Buddy gets drunk on a coworker's whiskey, thinking it's syrup, and ends up throwing a party in the mailroom. That night, Buddy has a successful date with Jovie. Walter, meanwhile, has been trying to save his floundering business by hiring the temperamental best-selling writer Miles Finch. When the vertically-challenged Finch arrives, Buddy mistakes him for an elf. The offended Finch attacks Buddy and storms out of the conference room without signing a deal with Walter's company. Walter is so upset over this setback that he screams at Buddy to "get the Hell out of my life." A deeply hurt Buddy roams New York that night (Christmas Eve), until he looks up and sees Santa's sleigh crash in Central Park. He finds Santa, who explains that he'd lost the sleigh's engine and that the last bit of Christmas spirit (which had powered the sleigh previously) had gone. Santa convinces Buddy to help him fix the sleigh. Michael, meanwhile, bursts in on Walter's board meeting to tell him frantically that Buddy has gone. He manages to convince Walter to put his family above his job for the first time, and the two find Buddy in Central Park as he locates the sleigh's engine. Buddy takes them to meet Santa, who reveals to Michael that belief in Santa (manifested in knowing that Santa is bringing people what they want for Christmas) can make his sleigh fly. Michael therefore steals Santa's list and reads it in front of the TV cameras now gathered outside Central Park, so that people all across New York believe conclusively in Santa. The Central Park Rangers begin to chase Santa's sleigh while Buddy is still trying to reattach the engine, and eventually the engine is lost. However, Jovie (remembering that Buddy had told her "The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear"), manages to overcome her shyness and get the sleigh in the air by the power of Christmas spirit when she leads the crowd in singing "Santa Claus is Comin' to Town," with even Walter eventually joining in. In the epilogue, Papa Elf explains that Walter started his own publishing company, and the first book released was Buddy's own account of his adventures. Papa Elf also reveals that Buddy and Jovie married and had a daughter named Susie, and that they visit the North Pole periodically. 