nm0004816:

 Bottle Rocket (1996)Summaries Three friends plan to pull off a simple robbery and go on the run. Upon his release from a mental hospital following a nervous breakdown, the directionless Anthony joins his friend Dignan, who seems far less sane than the former. Dignan has hatched a hare-brained scheme for an as-yet-unspecified crime spree that somehow involves his former boss, the (supposedly) legendary Mr. Henry. With the help of their pathetic neighbor and pal Bob, Anthony and Dignan pull a job and hit the road, where Anthony finds love with motel maid Inez. When our boys finally hook up with Mr. Henry, the ensuing escapade turns out to be far from what anyone expected. Marty Cassady <martyc@bev.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bless the Child (2000)Summaries Cody, a little girl abandoned by her mother and raised by her aunt, a nurse, is kidnapped. The girl's guardian, aided by an F.B.I. agent, learn that Cody has supernatural abilities, and the abductees are a Satanic cult willing to do anything to gain them. Omens and concepts of good vs. evil have no place in Maggie O'Connor's well-ordered, practical universe. Her life revolves around her job as a nurse at a busy New York City hospital, until one rainy night, her sister Jenna abandons her newborn, autistic daughter at her home. Maggie takes the baby in, and she becomes the daughter she never had. Six years later Jenna suddenly re-appears with a mysterious new husband, Eric, and abducts Cody. Despite the fact that Maggie has no legal rights to Cody, F.B.I. Agent John Travis, an expert in ritual homicide and occult-related crime, takes up her cause when he realizes that Cody shares the same birth date as several other recently missing children. The little girl, it soon becomes clear, is more than simply "special". She manifests extraordinary powers that the forces of evil have waited centuries to control, and her abduction sparks a clash between the soldiers of good and evil that can only be resolved, in the end, by the strength of one small child and the love she inspires in those she touches. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Like Water for Chocolate (1992)431) When tradition prevents her from marrying the man she loves, a young woman discovers she has a unique talent for cooking. In a forgotten Mexico village Tita and Pedro fall in love, but their marriage is forbidden as to traditions. Mother Elena sees Tita's role as her caretaker for life - no youngest daughter has ever married and her daughter will not be the first to break tradition. Tita's heart breaks when her mother offers Pedro her sister instead of her, and he accepted it just to live near Tita- he says. Now they live in the same house, and mother Elena cannot forbid their love as she did their marriage. Anonymous Tita and Pedro want to get married, but Tita has to take care of her ageing mother and is not allowed to marry. Pedro ends up marrying Tita's sister, but lets Tita know he only married her sister to be closer to her. When Tita is forced to make the wedding cake, the guests at the wedding are overcome with sadness... Tita has discovered she can do strange things with her cooking. Colin Tinto <cst@imdb.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in Mexico in 1910. Tita (Lumi Cavazos) and Rosaura (Yareli Arizmendi) live with their mother, Mam Elena (Regina Torn). The mother has decided that Tita must stay single to take care of her when she becomes an old woman. Tita accepts her fate, although she's in love with Pedro (Marco Leonardi). Pedro and his father try to convince Elena, but she refuses. Pedro asks Elena permission to marry Rosaura instead. He intends to live as close to Tita as possible. Moreover, Tita is the main cook which prepares all the menu to be eaten at their wedding. When she is preparing the wedding cake, she cries in silence; when the guests eat that cake, they all feel nostalgic about their past lives. Eventually, Tita discovers that she can do a certain kind of magic with the dishes she prepares, and each one will be a love song for Pedro from that moment on. Tita is kept as a servant in Elena's house, where Pedro and Rosaura stay to live after the honeymoon. Rosaura and Tita don't get on too well, but Rosaura is happy because she'll be the master of the hacienda as soon as Elena dies. Rosaura gives birth to a son by Pedro. Tita ends up nursing the child and grows very fond of him. Dr. John Brown (Mario Ivn Martnez) meets Tita and is obviously smitten with her. Mam Elena soon decides that the child is bringing Tita and Pedro even closer together and decides to send Rosaura's family away. Pedro, Rosaura and the baby go to San Antonio where the baby dies because the food doesn't agree with him. Tita and Elena get into an argument and Elena hits Tita in the face with a wooden spoon. Tita flees to the dovecote where she has a breakdown. Dr. John Brown comes and takes her away to his clinic for treatment and falls deeply in love with her. He's very patient, although he knows that Tita is in love with another man. Dr. Brown tells a story of how each person has a book of matches inside them and that true love provides the oxygen for the fire but then each of us must find the thing that will ignite the first match. He also warns that we should not light all the matches at once or we will return to where we came from when we were born. Mara Elena is killed by rebels who one day attack the ranch. Shortly after, her ghost apparently begins to appear. It seems to pester Tita with special attention. Tita becomes engaged to John, so Rosaura doesn't feel jealous anymore. When Rosaura gives birth to her second child, she's happy because it's a girl. Rosaura talks of naming the baby after Tita and says her daughter will never marry but, in the family tradition, will stay single and take care of her, just as Mam Elena forced Tita to do. Tita objects angrily and suggest that her sister name the baby Esperanza. An argument ensues and Tita says that eventually Rosaura will die, leaving her daughter free to do as she pleases when she becomes older. Tita talks to John and tells him she made love to Pedro and cannot marry him. John says that it doesn't matter, that he will have her if she wants him and that he'll also stand up for her if she wants Pedro. Time passes and it is now 1934 and Esperanza has grown up and is marrying Dr. Brown's son. Tita and Pedro dance together and he talks of them having a child together now that everyone is gone and his daughter is grown. A dish is served at the wedding meal that makes everyone lusty and most of the guests leave in pairs, clutching each other. The last to go is Dr. Brown. Shortly thereafter, we see Pedro and Tita at an outbuilding on the ranch. Pedro picks Tita up and carries her over the threshold like a bride. Tita and Pedro make love in a romantic atmosphere: at night, in a room full of silk-white linen and hundreds of burning candles. Pedro suddenly dies after experiencing passionate sex, presumably because he lit all the matches at once. When Tita sees what has happened, she immolates herself by swallowing matches one after the other until she too burst into flames and the two lovers are consumed by the fire. An offscreen narrator tells the audience that the whole ranch burned except for Tita's cookbook. The narrator turns out to be Esperanza's daughter and she says that Tita will always live as long as someone is cooking her recipes. 
 Proyecto panorama (2006)Summaries Nico, a woman drives his car with difficulty in the middle of the night, next to her brings the corpse of his sister. Nico hits the car and falls in a deep state of comma, he later wakes up 20 years, just before the moment of the fault, and as a misled Minotauro crosses its own labyrinth. Roque Azcuaga It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 