nm0009363:

 Till Later Ipanema (2009)211) In the middle of paradisiacal images from Rio de Janeiro's night, couple live a strong romance by the streets of Ipanema, until they get involved with the south zone powerful mafia. While the mafia turns into a delirious war of power and wealth, their relationship walks into a tragic end, inside a loft on one of the poorest zones of the city. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Mafia. Action. Neo-noir. Couple get into the crime world, in the emergency to solve their financial problems. What at first sight appeared to be a easy solution for Daniel and Lud, turns now to be their worst despair. Without any notion of how powerfull the mafia could be, to not allow them to give a step back at the criminal underground , Downward Spiral is the waiting for the consequences of your past, which you cannot get rid of. Inside deliriuns, memories and fear, stucked by his own insognia, Daniel waits for the inevitablelythat will happen soon. How will it be now, with the life in others hands decision? The mafia can't forgive and Daniel can't turn his back to the untouchable world of money and violence shining in the high society of the city, where murder turns to be the most powerfull weapon executed to maintain their power. Downward Spiral is a runaway against time, with no targeted arrival. Although Daniel can't unsettle that dominant structured empire of people that have fun uncompromisedly, executing plans and final deadlines, without dirt their own hands. Downward Spiral is where it governs the power of the south zone's nightlife, guided by the hands of sexy young boys that know all about the glamour and the eccentricity of the high society of Rio de janeiro. Downward Spiral is the tigh line between the night and the day, between the glamour and the misery, between your deepest passion and the walk for your own death. 
 Young Hearts (1995 )Summaries Long-running soap that depicts the lives of a group of teens as they struggle in the midst of life choices, love, ambition, disappointment, family and relationship issues. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zuzu Angel (2006)Summaries Based on the true story of Zuzu Angel, a famous Brazilian fashion designer in the 70's, who searches for her son Stuart, a member of a leftist university group who suddenly disappears during the darkest era of Brazilian military regime and media censorship. Polly_Kat It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Tropical Paradise (2007)Summaries Set in Copacabana, the urban plot is punctuated by passion, humor, and accentuated social criticism. A race for passion and power is on in the metropolitan area Copacabana, in Rio de Janeiro. A faithful, spotless young man and a ruthless, manipulative lad compete on who will take over the company of a powerful man. At the same time they meet identical twin sisters with different natures and ideals. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 