nm0002245:

 Arrival (II) (2016)651) A linguist works with the military to communicate with alien lifeforms after twelve mysterious spacecraft appear around the world. Linguistics professor Louise Banks leads an elite team of investigators when gigantic spaceships touchdown in 12 locations around the world. As nations teeter on the verge of global war, Banks and her crew must race against time to find a way to communicate with the extraterrestrial visitors. Hoping to unravel the mystery, she takes a chance that could threaten her life and quite possibly all of mankind. Jwelch5742 Aliens have landed on Earth, in 12 different locations. Language professor Louise Banks joins a US army team at one of the locations, in Montana. Her job is to try to learn the aliens' language and enable communication with them. Through regular meetings with two of the aliens she starts to compile a record of the aliens' "language" - a series of drawn symbols. The important question is - are they friend or foe? Other nations with alien landings are starting to view them as a threat, making it a race against time as war with the aliens could erupt at any moment. grantss Twelve bizarre and mysterious alien crafts situate themselves around the world, an expert linguist, Dr. Louise Banks (Amy Adams) is recruited by the military to construct a means of conversing with the aliens to discover whether they arrived with peaceful or threatening intentions. The nations of this world always think things that occur unexpectedly have destructive tendencies. Time is non-linear for the aliens, and they have different means of communication. Michael of lillym_325@yahoo.com In the clear skies of Montana, during an unprecedented worldwide incident of simultaneous first contact with extraterrestrial life forms, an ominous alien pod, out of twelve in total, comes to a standstill, hovering only a few feet over the green prairies. Inevitably, as panic ensues, Colonel G.T. Weber recruits a team of various experts, including the esteemed linguistics and dialectology, Professor Dr Louise Banks, and the theoretical physicist, Dr Ian Donnelly, burdening them with the impossible task to decipher a coded conversation with the intergalactic visitors. But, when all attempts to communicate prove fruitless, a practical, yet very important question will arise: does humanity have enough vocabulary to understand the aliens' answer before a new global war sparks? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts with the voice of Dr. Louise Banks (Amy Adams) speaking to someone. We see moments of Louise with her daughter Hannah, from her birth, through her childhood years, up until her death at a young age from a fatal disease (presumably cancer). Louise is a linguist and language professor. She begins her lecture to a small class when the students' phones go off. One student asks Louise to turn on the news. It is reported that in at least 12 sites around the world, there are enormous extraterrestrial vessels touching down. The next day, Louise is visited in her office by Colonel Weber (Forest Whitaker) to utilize her linguistic skills to attempt to communicate with the aliens. At night, Weber shows up in a helicopter to escort Louise to the base. She joins them and meets a theoretical physicist named Ian Donnelly (Jeremy Renner). The team arrives at the Montana landing site, while the other 11 sites around the world have bases set up as well and are continuously updating each other on any progress. Louise, Ian, and several others are brought up to the top of the pod, where the lack of gravity allows them to stand before the glass-like barrier that keeps the aliens back. Two aliens appear. They are surrounded by a mist and they appear as large tentacled creatures (later called "heptapods"). Louise attempts to communicate with them by writing "human" on a board. One of the creatures emits a black cloud that forms a circular symbol. In a bold move, Louise removes her hazmat suit, attempting to gain their trust. She press her palm to the barrier. One of the creatures extends a limb and presses it against the barrier in an imitation of Louise's gesture. After Ian shucks his hazmat suit, he decides to call the two aliens "Abbott and Costello." Tensions rise around the country as uncertainty in the heptapods' intentions has sparked panic, causing people to loot and riot. As the sessions go on, the team records the symbols produced by the heptapods to determine which symbols are translations of the words that Louise has been teaching them ("love", "time", etc.). Later when Louise "touches" them again, she starts to see visions of Hannah. China's General Shang (Tzi Ma) doesn't trust the aliens and has his team deviate from the set plan by ceasing communication of the intelligence they gather to the other world sites. The Chinese site attempts to communicate with the heptapods through a game of mahjong. Louise starts to experience dreams in the alien language, while still seeing memories of Hannah as a child showing Louise a drawing of her parents in a TV show she made up. Hannah asks Louise if it's her fault that her father left, but Louise assures her that's not the case. In the present, Louise questions the aliens as to who this girl is. The aliens deliver a message that is translated to "Use weapon", which generates even greater tension among the other sites. The Chinese deliver an ultimatum to the aliens - they have 24 hours to leave, or the military will initiate a strike. Several other sites gear up to do the same thing, while the sites all disconnect from each other. Louise tells Weber that they need to make sure the aliens know the difference between a weapon and a tool. Louise and Ian go up into the vessel by themselves, unaware that some of the soldiers placed a C4 bomb in there. As they try to communicate with the heptapods, Abbott starts to create a message with hundreds of tiny, scattered symbols. As the bomb is ready to detonate, Abbott drops Louise and Ian from the vessel as it explodes. Neither are seriously injured but both are unconscious. Louise awakens in the base camp, having suffered a mild concussion. With a strike set to happen, she and Ian race to decode Abbott's message. Ian deduces that many of the symbols for "time" are scattered, but he can't exactly determine what it all means. Agent Halpern (Michael Stuhlbarg) then tells the others about how severe the situation is since Russia has reportedly executed one of their own in order to keep their intelligence secret. Louise rushes toward the vessel, which sends down a small pod to take her up to the ship. She comes face-to-face with Costello, who tells her that Abbott is dying from the explosion. Costello emits more black symbol smoke, causing Louise to remember Hannah again. Costello then helps Louise to realize that the heptapods' language is meant to be their tool, or rather, a gift to the humans. By understanding their language, they are able to see into the future. It is revealed here that all of Louise's memories of her daughter Hannah weren't flashbacks, but flash-FORWARDS. Costello explains that they were sent to give humans their language so that they may help the aliens in 3,000 years time. Eighteen months into the future, Louise and Shang will meet face-to-face, and he will express gratitude for her work and efforts, which ended up convincing him just what the alien's true intentions were. Louise takes Halpern's satellite phone and contacts Shang to his personal number. She and Ian lock themselves away as she tries to send a message in which she tells Shang his wife's dying words. The Chinese military decides to stand down as reports start flooding in from all over the world. The vessels all rise from the ground and leave Earth in a cloudy mist. Louise and Ian watch them leave. Ian says that the greatest thing about the whole incident wasn't meeting the aliens, it was meeting Louise. Louise then sees more visions of herself with Hannah, but this time with Ian in the picture. They are to become a couple that will eventually become parents to Hannah. In the present, Louise and Ian embrace, and she tells him she forgot what it was like to be held by him. 
 Mulan (2020)211) A young Chinese maiden disguises herself as a male warrior in order to save her father. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Imperial China, Hua Mulan is an adventurous and active girl, to the disappointment of her parents, who hopes that one day she will be wed to a good husband. As a young woman, Mulan is forced to meet with a matchmaker to demonstrate her fitness as a future wife. Mulan, flustered, attempts to pour tea in front of the matchmaker, but a spider causes a panic that destroys the kettle, and the matchmaker calls her a disgrace in front of her family. To the north, an imperial outpost is invaded by Rouran warriors, under the leadership of Bri Khan. They are assisted by the witch Xianniang, who uses her magic to pose as a surviving soldier and report the attack to the Emperor of China; he then issues a conscription decree ordering every family to contribute one man to fight Khan's forces. Imperial soldiers arrive in Mulan's village to enlist recruits and her elderly and frail father Hua Zhou is forced to pledge his service as he has no sons. Realizing that her father has no chance of survival, Mulan flees with his armor, horse, and sword to join in his place. Mulan arrives at the training camp, which is run by Commander Tung, an old comrade of Hua Zhou. Alongside dozens of other inexperienced recruits, she ultimately becomes a trained soldier under his tutelage without exposing her true identity. The Khan's army continues to advance, forcing Tung to end training early and send his battalion to fight. Mulan chases some troops on her own, but is confronted by Xianniang, who mocks her for pretending to be a man. She attempts to kill Mulan, but her attacks are stopped by the leather with which Mulan's chest had been bound to hide her identity. Mulan removes her male disguise, returning to the battle just as the Rourans begin attacking her fellow troops with a trebuchet. Mulan uses discarded helmets and her archery skills to maneuver the trebuchet into firing on a snowy mountain, triggering an avalanche that buries the Rourans. Mulan rides back to camp and rescues Chen Honghui, a soldier she befriended in camp. Unable to hide her true gender any longer, she is expelled from the army and begins her return home. On her way, she is confronted by Xianniang, who reveals that she was also shunned by her people and fights for Bri Khan only because he treats her as an equal and that no one else does. Additionally, she reveals that the attacks on the outposts have been a diversion, as Khan's true plan is to capture and execute the Emperor for having his father killed. Risking execution, Mulan returns to her battalion to warn them of the impending capture. Tung decides to believe her, and allows her to lead a unit to the Emperor's palace. Xianniang uses her magic to be in the image of the Imperial Chancellor and persuades the Emperor to accept Bri Khan's challenge to single combat, while removing the city guards from their posts. The guards are murdered, and the Rourans prepare to burn the Emperor alive. Mulan's unit distracts the Rourans while Mulan goes to save the Emperor. Khan tries to snipe her with an arrow, but Xianniang, sympathetic to Mulan and disenchanted from Khan, transforms into a bird and sacrifices herself by intercepting the arrow. Mulan kills Khan, but not before he disarms her and destroys her father's sword. She frees the Emperor, who offers to let her join his personal guard. She declines the offer and returns to her village. Mulan is reunited with her family. An emissary from the Emperor, under the leadership of Commander Tung, arrives to present Mulan with a new sword, while making a personal request that she join the Emperor's Guard 
 Tigertail (2020)Summaries In this multi-generational drama, a Taiwanese factory worker leaves his homeland to seek opportunity in America, where he struggles to find connection while balancing family and newfound responsibilities. In this poignant multi-generational drama, Pin-Jui (Hong-Chi Lee) is a free-spirited yet impoverished young Taiwanese factory worker, who makes the difficult decision to leave his homeland - and the woman he loves - behind in order to seek better opportunities in America. But years of monotonous work and an arranged marriage devoid of love or compassion leave an older Pin-Jui (Tzi Ma) a shadow of his former self. Unable to sympathize with his daughter Angela (Christine Ko) and at risk of living out his retirement in solitude, Pin-Jui must reconnect with his past in order to finally build the life he once dreamed of having. Netflix It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Farewell (I) (2019)541) A Chinese family discovers their grandmother has only a short while left to live and decide to keep her in the dark, scheduling a wedding to gather before she dies. A headstrong Chinese-American woman returns to China when her beloved grandmother is diagnosed with terminal cancer. Billi struggles with her family's decision to keep grandma in the dark about her own illness as they all stage an impromptu wedding to see grandma one last time. Billi and her parents Haiyan and Jian emigrated to New York City from their native Changchun, China twenty-five years ago when Billi was only six. Billi is struggling finding her place in life and by association financially, she aspiring to be a writer, but the Guggenheim fellowship for which she applied and on which she placed much of her hopes has been denied. Billi maintains a close relationship with her paternal grandmother - her "Nai Nai" - back in Changchun via the occasional visit and frequent telephone calls. As is Chinese custom, Billi and Nai Nai tell each other little white lies both to save face and to prevent the other from worrying about the painful truth. Those little white lies turn into one big lie when Haiyan and his older brother Haibin, who emigrated to Japan years ago, learn that Nai Nai has just been diagnosed with Stage 4 lung cancer with the prognosis of only months to live, the diagnosis and prognosis which they and the rest of their extended family that know decide to keep from Nai Nai herself. In a guise to spend one last time together as a family with Nai Nai, they devise a wedding, that of Haibin's only offspring, Hao Hao, to Aiko, his Japanese girlfriend of three months, as an event, with Nai Nai to be the chief organizer in Changchun. Haiyan and Jian don't want Billi to go to the fake wedding in being the weak link that may tell Nai Nai the truth in her western mores. Against her parents' wishes, Billi does end up flying to Changchun for the gathering in her want to say goodbye to her Nai Nai. As time goes on, it may be difficult not only for Billi but for others to maintain the ruse. But Billi and the others may also come to a better perspective of what is best for all concerned under the circumstances. Huggo While trying to find her place in the world and establish herself as a writer, Billi, a young Chinese-American woman living in New York City, discovers that her beloved and seemingly indestructible grandmother, Nai Nai, is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. As a result, to spare Nai Nai the agony, Billi's family decides to keep the unsuspecting lady in the dark, going as far as to stage an impromptu wedding in her hometown of Changchun, China, to unite the scattered relatives and keep suspicion at bay. Now, for fear of not keeping her promise to maintain the lie, conflicted Billi's parents ask her to stay in the United States. However, Billi needs to say good-buy. Can she reconcile the contradictions between the Western lifestyle and the Chinese cultural beliefs with her ideals? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a card stating it's "based on a true lie." Billi (Awkwafina) lives in New York with her parents Haiyan (Tzi Ma) and Jian (Diana Lin) but remains pretty close to her grandmother in China, Nai Nai (Shuzehen Zhou) and talk on the phone all the time. Billi gets a call from Nai Nai in the morning in NYC and gets fussed over like all grandmas do over their grand kids. What Nai Nai doesn't tell her is, she's in the hospital for some tests accompanied by her sister, Little Nai Nai (Hong Lu). They agree they'll talk later and Nai Nai goes for a CT scan. Her sister goes to talk to the doctor afterwards and then tells Nai Nai there's nothing wrong, just "some benign shadows." Billi is not really doing well in her life, and while on the phone with Nai Nai later on that day, she opens a letter that says her application for a Guggenheim fellowship has been rejected. She keeps this information from Nai Nai and everybody else. Billi goes to visit her parents and her mom gives her grief over the fact she doesn't have any money or seems to be moving forward with her life. She also tells her she and Haiyan are leaving for China the next day because their nephew Hao Hao is getting married to Aiko (who is Japanese and doesn't speak Chinese) and Billi is not to accompany them. When Billi questions why the wedding is so rushed, Jian hushes her as Hayan is sleeping. Billi asks why, since it's only 6:00PM, but Jian waves her off. Billi then goes in the bedroom where her father is sitting on the bed. She asks what's wrong because she can tell something is not right, and questions whether he's been drinking, which he denies. Hayan eventually tells her Nai Nai has stage four lung cancer and the wedding is just an excuse for everybody to go over there and see her. Billi says she must go, but her parents refuse. Jian says they're not telling Nai Nai about her condition because in China families believe if you tell someone they have cancer, they die, not because of the disease but of the fear. The reason they don't want her to go is, Billi's emotions show on her face and Nai Nai will know something is wrong. Billi eventually shows up in China, much to her parents' dismay and Nai Nai's delight. Jian questions once again where Billi got the money for the plane ticket, but Billi doesn't reply, and shows her instead she can hide her feelings. From then on, it's all about the wedding planning and the differences between America and China, with Jian and YuPing (a distant relative) sniping back and forth about life opportunities in the two countries. Nai Nai cuts the arguments short by saying they can't criticize China, no matter what. Nai Nai teaches Billi some form of walking/breathing exercise that involves grunting out loud "so you can do it alone when you go back to America." Billi struggles with the "we're not telling Nai Nai she has cancer" thing and keeps bringing it up, only to be shut down again and again. Eventually, after an evening of heavy drinking by the immediate family, Nai Nai goes to the hospital after a coughing attack. Once again, Billy brings up with the doctor the situation with Nai Nai, and he also advises against telling her about her condition. He tells Nai Nai the cough is leftover from the pneumonia she'd had earlier in the year and it's a secondary infection. He agrees to change her medicine and orders an X-ray. Billi finds her father and uncle Haibin (Yongbo Jiang) smoking at the hotel where they're all staying, and she brings up the lying again. Haibin explains that the difference between living in America and in China is that in America people believe their life belong to themselves, whereas in China people's lives are part of a whole, of a family, of society, and therefore it is the family's duty to carry the emotional burden of the cancer knowledge FOR Nai Nai. Billi tells her mother she wants to stay in China to take care of Nai Nai but Jian is not having it and once again berates her daughter since she "can't cook, can't clean, what are you going to do?" Billi brings up she couldn't come to China when her grandpa (Ye Ye in Mandarin) died and how that affected her. Jian once again dismisses her. Before the wedding, Nai Nai asks Billi to be nice and courteous with the wedding guests, smiling and greeting them and agreeing to sing if called to do so. On the wedding day, after arguing with her sister for having to wait until Monday for her X-ray results, Nai Nai gets Billi's attention and gestures for her to smile, so Billi does what she's been asked to do and is nice to everybody. However, at the time of the speeches, Haibin, father of the groom, goes up on stage and basically loses it and starts crying which he attributes to being "very happy." Billi also goes up on stage and makes a speech, aided by her dad who tells her the Mandarin Chinese for "congratulations." They also do karaoke together to "Killing Me Softly." After a raucous drinking game, Hao Hao starts crying inconsolably. When the time comes for the family picture with the bride and groom, Nai Nai questions why the groom is crying and once again she's told "tears of joy." Little Nai Nai asks if they can take one with her camera, which Nai Nai says she gave to Mrs Gao (their maid) to hold. When Little Nai Nai asks where Mrs Gao is, Nai Nai says she sent her to the hospital to get the X-ray results. As soon as the picture is taken, Billi hightails it to the hospital to intercept Mrs Gao, which he does, only to realize Mrs Gao is illiterate and doesn't know what the test results are. Then Billi and Little Nai Nai take the results to a shop to have them altered to read "benign shadows." When the shop employee questions what that means, Little Nai Nai snaps, "It's not terminal!" Nai Nai gets the test results and tells them all off, "you worried for nothing! I told you I was fine!" After that, she meets with Billi before she leaves and gives her an envelope with money, because she'd given one to Hao Hao so Billi gets one too. When Billi opposes, as she didn't get married, Nai Nai says that's more the reason for her to accept it, and to not spend it on something sensible like the rent, but to get herself something nice. Billi then confesses to Nai Nai she missed out on the fellowship, and Nai Nai advises that it's not so much what you do in life, but the way you do it. Billi and her parents are leaving and Nai Nai hugs Billi for the longest time before letting her go and assuring her they'll see each other again. Billi is back in New York City, unsure of what to do, and while walking down the street, she stops in her tracks and grunts loudly, like Nai Nai taught her. The movie ends. We're shown a video of the actual Nai Nai, who's still going strong six years after her stage four cancer diagnosis. 