nm0005528:

 Get Real (19992000)Summaries Follow the dysfunctional Green family as the parents face a midlife crisis and the kids go through their teenage years. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Whatever It Takes (2000)66) A modern-day remake of the Cyrano DeBergerac tale. Ryan (Shane West) is a bit of a geek with eyes for the school sex bomb, Ashley (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe), which induces cringing in his neighbor and best friend, Maggie (Marla Sokoloff), a cute intellectual girl. But popular jock Chris (James Franco) has his eye on Maggie, and he offers to help Ryan win Ashley if Ryan will help Chris with Maggie. So begins a two-headed variation on Cyrano de Bergerac; Ryan composes soulful e-mails for Chris, and Chris advises Ryan to treat Ashley like dirt, which seems to be the only way to get her attention. At first, neither finds it easy to change their ways; Chris comes on too strong, and Ryan is too nervous to be a jerk. But as they start to succeed, Ryan begins to see Maggie in a new light and wonders if he's pursuing the right girl. He realizes Ashley is not meant for him, and tries to convince Maggie about Chris's affection for her. Maggie is reluctant to take him "back" at first, but then realizes Ryan has a change of heart. Anonymous Ryan's dreams for catching the eye of the 'goddess of the high school hallway' has a chance of becoming true when her cousin (Chris) offers to make him a deal. All he has to do is help Chris to win the heart of his best friend, the beautiful enigmatic Maggie. This sparks off a damned cute comedy as 'boy helps boy to get girl' Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> Best friends and neighbors, Ryan Woodman and Maggie Carter, are four weeks away from the prom, and they've agreed to go together if they don't have real dates. Then Chris, a cool guy from the football team, offers to help Ryan connect with Ashley, a popular blond. In exchange, a la Cyrano, Chris needs Ryan's help to get close to Maggie. Ryan makes the deal, helps the dastardly Chris play Maggie, takes advantage of Ashley's lack of self-esteem, loses his values, makes fun of his geeky friends, and falls in Maggie's estimation. Maggie is fooled by Chris, poised to be his next score. Before prom night is over, with its Titanic theme, will Ryan stop sinking? <jhailey@hotmail.com> Ryan's dreams for catching the eye of the 'goddess of the high school hallway' has a chance of becoming true when her cousin (Dunleavy) offers to make him a deal. All he has to do is help Dunleavy to win the heart of his best friend, the beautiful enigmatic Maggie. This sparks off a damned cute comedy as 'boy helps boy to get girl' Filmtwob <webmaster@filmfreak.co.za> A modern-day version of the Cyrano De Bergeac tale in which geekish high school student Ryan Woodman, likes the popular Ashley Grant, but does not have the nerve to express his feelings for her. Ashley's cousin, football jock Chris Campbell, coaches Ryan on courting Ashley in exchange for Ryan giving him help on how to win the heart of Ryan's platonic next-door neighbor Maggie Carter in time for the senior prom which has the doomed ship 'Titanic' as its theme. Matt Patay It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Breaker High (19971998)Summaries A group of students attend high school on a cruise ship. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Romy and Michele: In the Beginning (2005 TV Movie)44) A prequel to Romy and Michele's High School Reunion (1997) , the two BFF girls make it to LA 1990, where they get arrested. They make a friend in jail and stay at her place. They make more friends. In this prequel to Romy and Michele's High School Reunion, it shows Romy and Michele as they graduate in 1987, and again three years later as they take on Los Angeles. For years Romy and Michele have been dreaming to go to L.A. and become rich and famous, but they decided to put their trip on hold while they save money. Three years have passed by and they've only managed to save $68, only $8 more than they had in high school. Despite their lack of money, they decide to go ahead with their plans to move to L.A. after seeing Pretty Woman. As the girls arrive in L.A., they decide to become prostitutes, but chicken out after their first encounter with a client. As they walk home, a man lends them a dollar for a vending machine, and Romy and Michele are arrested for prostitution. Anonymous This time around it's 1987, and new high school graduates Romy and Michele are desperate to get away from their hometown of Tucson, Arizona. Their goal is to leave their square town behind and be amongst the beautiful, hip people in Hollywood, California, where they can realize their dream of socializing with the rich and famous. Their lives would be complete if they could just get into the celebrity-laden Ozone, the hottest nightclub in Los Angeles. It takes them three years to save up enough money, and find the right outfits to wear, but once in Hollywood, the lovable and lucky duo's escapades lead them to a cast of characters who keep their lives from being anything but square. Galen <jawbreaker1488@yahoo.com> Back in 1990, ditsy high school graduates, Romy and Michele, move to Los Angeles to try to make lives for themselves and find one complication after another in their quest for finding romance, excitement, and getting into a famous nightclub. matt-282 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 