nm0010602:

 The Perfect Kiss (I) (2018)Summaries Everyone is looking for happiness. And when you're almost 30, single, and still living at home with kooky parents who treat you like a ten-year-old, you're looking even harder. So there was the situation of Tanya, a brand new real estate agent, on her way on a cold winter day to make her first big sale and her first big step on her path to independence. She is late as usual and rushing on a slippery road, she doesn't know it yet but her life is about to change forever. Mahe Merica It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 I Loved You FirstSummaries She is a drop out from medical school. He is a multi billionaire with heavy ADD. Everything separates them; their age, their social status, their convictions . And yet, they have more in common then they are ready to admit . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Hotel Limbo (2020)Summaries She Inherited a Hotel and Bunch of Troubles In the small town of Mont-Tremblant, nestled in the beautiful lakes and forests, everyone lives in peace. Only, in this peaceful town, do not expect people to treated you like one of them. Until one day, the outsider arrives and everything changes. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Life Under ConstructionSummaries Children are so tired to explain to adults the obvious; the adults will never understand. "Children are so tired to explain to adults the obvious; the adults will never understand." Everything is broken in Petr's life; he was looking towards his first year at school, but his seven-year-old life has fallen apart by his parents' divorce. His mom fell in love with another man, and she is now moving overseas, pregnant with a new baby. Petr is in full custody with his father, and both have to make it alone. Tina Adams It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 