nm0010050:

 Over There (2005)Summaries A dramatized take on war in Iraq. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 JAG (19952005)44) The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office. JAG is an adventure drama about an elite wing of officers trained as lawyers who investigate, prosecute and defend those accused of crimes in the military. Navy Cmdr. Harmon "Harm" Rabb, an ace pilot turned lawyer, and Marine Lt. Col. Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie, a beautiful by-the-book officer, are colleagues who hold the same high standards but find themselves clashing when they choose different routes to get to the same place. The unmistakable chemistry between them must be held at bay for professional reasons as they traverse the globe together with a single mission: to search for and discover the truth. Helping them with their mission is Navy Lt. Cmdr. Bud Roberts, a lawyer who proved his grit and determination when, after losing a leg in a land mine field while on a mission, fought back and became even better at his job. Commander Harmon Rabb, Jr. and Lieutenant Colonel Sarah MacKenzie are JAG lawyers, who together investigate and litigate crimes committed by Navy and Marine personnel. Occasionally, they engage in adventurous activities in order to solve their cases. With Rabb's fighter pilot background, and MacKenzie's good looks, they are a hot team both in and out of the courtroom. Brian Michael <ford1989@hotmail.com> Lt. Harmon Rabb is a JAG lawyer and is accompanied by Lt. Sarah MacKenzie. Together, they solve cases and problems of various kinds. From a psycho who wanted to bomb a cruise ship from a submarine to taking a risky mission of recon photos. Rabb used to be a fighter pilot until he and his co-pilot were in an accident. From then, he became a JAG. Every week he and Lt. MacKenzie have a new case to solve. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Blue Plate (2008)Summaries Three small-time criminals meet at a diner after they pull off a heist...but a three-way split is a recipe for a double-cross. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Crossroads Caf (1996 )Summaries Every day at a simple cafe, people from different parts of the world work, eat, meet and learn.... It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 