nm0010155:

 Mi querido Tom Mix (1992)Summaries Joaquina (Murguia) is aging in a small Mexican village in the 1920s. Her life is boring and she spends her days dreaming of her hero, cowboy Tom Mix. Everything Joaquina wants is to meet him. Her life changes when a bunch of bandits appears nearby. It's time for Tom Mix to stop the thieves and fulfill Joaquina's dreams of adventure. Maximiliano Maza <mmaza@campus.mty.itesm.mx> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Luca y Pedro (2012)Summaries Lucia, a sweet and innocent girl from a small town falls in love with Pedro, son of the most despicable man in town. Lucia's mom goes to irrational lengths to keep her daughter away from him. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Soba (2004)Summaries Justina (Claudia Soberon) runs away from home after her parents death and gets caught by a group of cops... It's the beginning of her worst nightmare. Justina is a fifteen years old girl who lives with her mother and stepfather in Mexico City. In her sexual-awakening, she starts flirting with the only man in her life, her stepfather, causing the accidental murder of her mother and stepfather. Shocked, she runs away from home, crazy, just dressed with her nightgown. Ivan, a police detective who practices torture as daily routine and is reduced to the rank of street cop, looks for her all night long. Justina gets picked up on the street by two cops; they take her to their headquarters. But instead of helping and rescue the girl, they take advantage of her and rape her. Ivan crosses paths with her and takes the girl to the Police Station. But when asked what happened to her, Justina tells a quite different story. In a very hard and strange way, Ivan and Justina finally find what they've been looking for... Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Reus (2011)Summaries A chronicle of two crime families' struggle to control the Reus neighborhood of Montevideo, Uruguay. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 