nm0010669:

 The Wishing Tree (2020)Summaries The Wishing Tree is the story of one woman's hiking expedition initiated as a quest for perspective, peace, answers and ultimately a way to heal from personal tragedy. While hiking, Julia runs into Caleb and Ryan, two guys who are also dealing with their own demons. An unexpected journey of self-discovery and transformation that illustrates, sometimes hope can be discovered in the most unlikely ways. The film is set against the most stunning backdrop of the Northern Ontario hiking trails. Laura Adamo It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 A Kiss and a Promise (2011)Summaries Inspired by true events, this psychological thriller resolves around an unusual small-town Ontario household that harbors a serial killer. In a quiet Ontario town, a small Bed and Breakfast dwells with a perverse secret. David Beck, a closet sociopath, but seemingly normal man, runs the B & B with his wife Samantha, a fiery woman with masochistic tendencies. Their only tenant is an aspiring writer named Charlie Matthews, a pathological liar who has a longing to be liked by everyone. The harmony of the house is disrupted when a young girl's body is found on the edge of town. Veteran police Detective Anthony Dolan suspects David of the murder, but lacking evidence to make an arrest all he can do is wait for the killer to make a mistake. Shattered lives and shattered dreams are all that remain when love and deception collide. Behind these walls lies a world of sex, lust and murder. The shocking climax of this twisted tale reveals the darker side of the human psyche. Richard Sinclair It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Last Call (I) (2008)Summaries Coming Soon is a film about that one, often unnoticed moment that can change everything. Last Call is a snapshot of a night out in the big city. The eye of the camera moves through a collection of humorous and horrible moments between friends, lovers, relatives, colleagues, and total strangers, and then slows down to capture a moment that could alter the life of one of the characters forever. In a NYC dive bar over the course of one night, Last Call follows two different groups of people: A theatre director and his ensemble of young "nobody" actors, regulars at this bar, whose off-off-off-Broadway play closed tonight; and the owner of a small business, her brother, and her two employees, whose bankrupt business also closed tonight. All of them are at the bar to get drunk. Last Call opens at the end of what has clearly been an inebriated night. As Steven, the wheelchair-bound theatre director, rolls himself toward the door, his Life Chronometer, a "device" that indicates how much time he has left to live down to the second, comes out of his chest flashing. Time is running out for Steven. But just before his Chronometer hits zero, the scene fades, and we travel back to the beginning of the night. As the film pushes forward, its tempo set by a jukebox in the middle of the bar, we encounter relationships damaged beyond repair, people struggling to face their issues, and individuals trying to establish a connection. Mitch and Lali will stumble to come to terms with the end of their romance. Pete and Carrie will finally address the one issue that is driving them apart. Jay will work up the courage to talk to Lucy. And Holly will decide whether or not to give her ex-husband one more chance. Throughout the night, the Bartender-a single mom and former musician who was always one gig away from a record deal-treats the cast to double shots of Old Grand Dad and dispenses advice. As the place clears out, she volunteers to make sure the drunken director makes it home in one piece, bringing us back to where we began. To that moment when her seemingly random action may save his life... Last Call is about that sense of loneliness and vulnerability that one can feel even in a crowded bar in the most crowded city in the world. It is about people getting drunk and trying to escape issues in their lives. But reality chases them down, and inebriation only magnifies their struggle to connect. The Sullivan Project It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Cracked (20132014)44) Follows teams of cops and psychiatric professionals who make up the Psych Crimes and Crisis unit. After an embarrassing and public breakdown, Detective Aidan Black (David Sutcliffe) is reassigned from his beloved SWAT team to the newly created Psych Crimes and Crisis Unit. There, he's dismayed to find his partner is not another cop, but forensic psychiatrist, Dr. Daniella Ridley (Stefanie von Pfetten). The unit also includes Detective Poppy Wisnefski (Luisa d'Oliveira) and psychiatric nurse Leo Beckett (Dayo Ade), with Inspector Diane Caligra (Karen LeBlanc) keeping a close watch over the unique partnerships. Passionate and opposing viewpoints are an inherent part of the job in Psych Crimes, and the answers the teams seek never come easy. Aidan's deep insight and investigative skills combine brilliantly with Daniella's keen ability to decipher human behaviour. Learning to work cohesively, the Psych Crimes and Crisis Unit investigates city's most troubling and psychologically complex crimes. Whether or not the unit is still around in a few months... is completely up to them. Anonymous Psych Crimes and Crises is a Toronto Police Department unit overseen by Inspector Diane Caligra, and created by her and psychiatrist Dr. Daniella Ridley. The unit is to investigate cases that have a prevalent mental health component, and is comprised of police detectives and mental health professionals like Daniella, who is the unit's lead in that capacity. Among the former is Detective Aidan Black, a long term police detective who Caligra considers one of her best. However Aidan being part of the unit is not an obvious fit. Caligra gave him this assignment following one in SWAT, as she feels he may be going through some emotional trauma of his own based on a few on the job incidents. So Daniella may be doing double duty in working their official cases, while also watching over Aidan's mental state. And Aidan has to concern himself with Daniella being involved with police maneuvers with which she has no experience or training, both for the safety of the people involved as well as her own. Huggo Detective Aidan Black (David Sutcliffe) and the Psych Crimes team are assigned a new unit psychiatrist, Dr. Clara Malone (Brooke Nevin). Together with Detective Poppy Wisnefski (Luisa D'Oliveira) and psychiatric nurse Leo Beckett (Dayo Ade), they are tasked with solving the most puzzling and problematic cases the city has to offer. Under the leadership of Inspector Diane Caligra (Karen LeBlanc), the Psych Crimes unit navigates the mental health issues suffered by people whose lives are impacted by crime, be they witness, victim or perpetrator. Aidan and Clara are both accustomed to operating outside the normal perimeters of their respective professions, and need to learn to trust each other in order to succeed in the face of overwhelming adversity. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 