nm0005274:

 Sheena (20002002)Summaries Orphaned at the age of 6, Shirley Hamilton is taken in by the Shamaness Kali and taught how to morph into almost any animal. She shall become Sheena, Queen of the Jungle. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baywatch (19892001)Summaries At a Los Angeles beach, a team of lifeguards led by Lieutenant Mitch Buchannon save lives, deal with personal dramas, fight crime and participate in over the top adventures on a daily basis. This long-running series follows the adventures of a team of lifeguards on a crowded resort beach. Veteran lifeguard Mitch Buchannon watches over the younger lifeguards that come and go with each passing season as they keep the beaches safe for vacationers. Frequently he must take action to save them from the raging seas and from the raging tempers that sometimes flare up between the young guards in this stressful job. Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Baywatch: Hawaiian Wedding (2003 TV Movie)Summaries Baywatch is busy saving lives at a beach near LA. They're invited to Mitch's Hawaii wedding with Allison, who looks like his dead ex. His ex-wife wants him back. CJ/Pam A. has a resort bar there. Mitch Buchannon didn't die in a boat explosion in the 10th season but has been recovering from amnesia in Los Angeles. Mitch returns to Hawaii to get married again! His new fiance Allison looks a lot like Lt. Stephanie Holden, a past love. Little does he know, Allison is cooperating with Mason Sato who appeared in the show's 2nd season and now returns for revenge. The Baywatchers are invited to Hawaii by CJ. She's opening CJ's Bar & Grill at the Turtle Bay Resort. Coincidentally, Caroline Holden is already there filming a soap opera. Neely Capshaw (ex-Mrs. Buchannon) comes to Hawaii to stop the wedding. She wants Mitch back! robbob-3 It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Underground Comedy Movie (1999)Summaries A series of comedic short films guaranteed to offend. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 