nm0004990:

 Rizzoli & Isles (20102016)211) Detective Jane Rizzoli and Chief Medical Examiner Dr. Maura Isles team up to solve crimes in Boston. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A young Hispanic woman prays to the Virgin Mary, gripping her arm and lighting candles. "I know I failed you, but please Lord, please help me," she says. Someone joins her, she's glad they came back and assures whoever it is that they'll get through it. She has a tattoo of a die inside her wrist. The unseen person puts a garotte around her neck and strangles her. At Maura's, they get ready for TJ's christening. Rondo, Jane's CI, shows up in a burnt orange zoot suit with a Christening gift -- a Rolex that he says looks real. He and Tommy met in the caf last week. Frankie worries about work, he's no longer exclusive to the drug unit. The headline in the paper says: "BPD cuts to Affect all Detectives." At the church, Father Crowley is doing the christening, which is awkward because apparently Tommy ran him over in a crosswalk. Tommy spent three years in prison for breaking his legs. TJ's mom Lydia is there. Her fianc Stuart "Strawberry" Strawbridge shows up, which is news to Tommy. Maura is distracted, she thinks she smells human remains. They hustle everyone out and open up the baptismal font. There's a young woman in agricultural lime (a powder) inside. Korsak and Maura check with the gardners, Mateo and his son Samuel, who's going to Britmar, a good school. Another man, Sal, shows them the lime. Back at Maura's house, Tommy and Frankie start eating the cake with their hands. Tommy worries he'll lose custody of TJ; he hasn't filed the custody papers. In the morgue, Maura reports the victim is between the ages of 17 and 22. She was wearing a locket of a young girl and her mother. There's a faded receipt in her pocket. Maura sees the die tattoo, it's less than eight hours old and was done with a ball point pen. Later, Maura shows Jane x-rays of the victim's two spiral fractures, one in each arm. Jane Googles Strawberry and sees a photo from his work wishing him fairwell as he takes his "new family" to Abilene. Down in the caf, Angela is determined to get Tommy and Lydia back together so she doesn't lose TJ. Frankie calls Lydia and asks her to come by so she can give her TJ's present, he'll get Frankie there. Korsak and Frost read letters from their bosses warning them they might be reassigned, maybe back to patrol. Jane snags a tribal mask from Maura's office and gives it to Lydia as a baby gift, saying it boosts IQ. Jane and Maura talk up Tommy. Lydia tries to find positives in her situation, including that TJ will have brothers and sisters, Strawberry "wants his own kids." When Lydia goes to leave, Jane invites her out for a good bye evening, saying she's being transferred to Guam. Lydia agrees to a girl's night. When she leaves, Maura announces her ring is fake. Korsak gets the ink on the receipt to reappear with a hairdryer. It's from Cortez Bodega, which is across the street from the Off 93 clothing factory, the brand of clothing the victim was wearing. Frost and Korsak take an age progression photo of the young girl in the locket. The manager recognizes her as Isabella, the daughter of a seamstress, Blanca Valdez. Frankie has surveillance footage from the bodega, Isabella bought a candle and pregnancy test. They break the news to her mother. Back in the station, her mother says she couldn't accept college scholarships because she was undocumented. She doesn't think she had a boyfriend. Maura politely tells her that her daughter was four weeks pregnant. She has the same die tattoo as her daughter, which she says is from the Four Corner's gang, to claim her as property. She thinks the gang killed her. Maura brings a cold case on Aracelli Ramirez who was killed in 2004. They think Isabella took her pregnancy test at work, but she didn't have a cell phone, so they think she talked to someone there. At Jane's later that evening, Jane and Maura throw together dinner for Lydia, laying on subtle guilt about her leaving. She takes to Jane's dog, Joe Friday. Tommy shows up with Rondo, expecting to move a couch. Jane pays Rondo to leave than slips the pot roast to her dog. Tommy and Lydia both find the "bad doggie" adorable. Jane and Maura duck out to get take out, asking them to watch the dog so he doesn't choke. They listen outside the door and hear Tommy mock her ring. Lydia leaves in a huff. Back at the station,Frost has ID'd a factory worker with gang ties, Josie. Maura announces to Jane that they need to find away to get rid of Strawberry. Jane ran a background check but he hasn't been arrested. Maura noticed he has dark circles under his eyes, and infers he has bad allergies. Jane realizes this means he can get all the dogs that Lydia is looking forward to. They find Josie sent a text to Tito saying "the one you like is pregnant." Tito is the leader of Four Corners. They find a series of texts planning to jump Isabella. Tito was on house arrest, but Frankie and Frost go talk to Josie. She says Tito wanted to sleep with her, but all they did was ink her. She says Isabella's boyfriend was some college boy. Downstairs, Isabella's mom brings by a college sweatshirt from Brittmore College, where the church gardner's son goes. Jane and Korsak talk to Samuel. He says he saw Isabella that night in church. His father warned him not to be seen with Isabella or the gang would going to kill them both. Samuel asks to talk to Father Crowley. They go get him but when they come back, Samuel has hung himself from his belt in the interview room. Later, Jane gets a hospital report that Samuel is alive. They look up Samuel's father and find Mateo is a former Four Corner's gang member. They find him praying with wooden rosary beads at the church, they match the ligature marks on Isabella's neck. He's doesn't deny anything, saying that once the gang marked her, he had no choice, the gang would have killed his son for trying to take her. At Maura's house, Lydia and Stuart drop off TJ. Tommy brings the dog over and Stuart freaks out, saying he allergic. He runs out, telling Lydia to take a shower. Jane and Maura offer to babysit and urge Lydia and Tommy to head out. They leave for a walk and Jane and Maura share a high five. 
 Law & Order (19902010)541) Follows a crime (usually a murder), usually adapted from current headlines, from two separate vantage points, the police investigation and the prosecution in court. Filmed on location in New York, the drama showcases the sometimes-complex process of determining guilt or innocence, while lives hang in the balance. Often inspired by the latest headlines, the plots highlight legal, ethical or personal dilemmas to which people can relate. The show follows a crime, ususally adapted from current headlines, from two separate vantage points. The first half of the show concentrates on the investigation of the crime by the police, the second half follows the prosecution of the crime in court. Mike Menditto In New York City, when a crime is committed, the victims are represented by two distinctly separate yet forever intertwined groups of people. There's the police department, represented here by the 27th precinct homicide detectives. It is their job to investigate the crime, collect evidence, interview witnesses and then, when the evidence points to a suspect or suspects, they will place them under arrest. The matter is then taken over by the prosecutors of the Manhatten District Attorney's office, who discuss deals and plea bargains, prepare the witnesses and evidence all whilst conducting the people's case in the trial of the accused. Both teams work together as well as with the Medical Examiners Office, Crime Lab and Police and District Attorney psychologists or psychiatrists. Matters are rarely resolved easily, or for the people involved, satisfactory. Crimes are committed which frequently create public unrest and controversy, race, morals and beliefs are frequently challenged and manipulated, the guilty can go unpunished and the innocent ruined forever. The detectives and prosecutors are weary, cynical, flawed, human and vulnerable. And, yet they are somehow still dedicated to their jobs, to make the guilty answer for their crimes and gain some sense of justice for the victim and the victim's family. These are their stories... Scott Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Law & Order episodes are typically segmented into two parts, roughly at the halfway point; the first part follows police and detective work, and the second follows the legal and courtroom proceedings of the case. The show dwells little on the characters' back-stories or social lives and focuses instead mainly on their involvement in the cases presented in each episode. For most of Law & Order's run, the cold open or lead-in of the show began with the discovery of a crime, usually a murder. The scene typically began with a slice of everyday life in New York City. Some civilians would then discover the crime victim, or sometimes the crime would occur in a public place and they would be witnesses or a victim of a crime. The only exception to this is in the early seasons, mostly Seasons 1 & 2, the crime would usually be discovered by a pair of uniformed officers on patrol or in later seasons when the cold open was replaced with rapid cuts of the victim's final moments, similar to Law & Order: Criminal Intent. The police are represented in the show by the New York City Police Department 27th Precinct Homicide Department. In the show, it is common that the detectives also investigate other cases other than homicide or attempted homicides like kidnappings and rape, the latter especially in the first nine seasons of the show before Law & Order: Special Victims Unit premiered. However, in the real world, these cases are handled by other units and divisions. The viewers are introduced to two homicide detectives, a senior detective (usually a veteran cop) and a junior detective (usually a young but capable detective), who report directly to their boss at their precinct (either a Lieutenant or a Captain). When they first arrive at the crime scene they are met by the first responding officer or a Crime Scene Unit (CSU) forensic technician, who will inform the two lead detectives on everything known at that point. It's during their preliminary crime scene examination that the featured detectives will make their first observations and come up with some theories followed by a witticism or two before the title sequence begins. The detectives often have few or no good clues-they might not even know the victim's identity-and must usually chase several dead ends before finding a likely suspect(s). They start their investigations at the crime scene by talking to any witnesses at the scene while the CSU technicians assist them in the processing of the crime scene as well as determining the proper routing of evidence between the Medical Examiner's office, the Crime Lab and the NYPD Property Clerks office. The CSU has many tools at their disposal to process a crime scene including the materials needed to develop fingerprints, cast footwear and tire impressions, follow the trajectory of bullets fired through windows and the chemicals necessary to observe blood under special lighting conditions that would otherwise be invisible to the naked eye. The unit is also trained to process a crime scene in a hazardous environment, for example following a nuclear, biological or chemical attack. The medical examiner (M.E.)'s office will also be shown to collect the body from the crime scene and will later perform an autopsy on the victim(s), offering more clues to the victim's cause and time of death (sometimes obtaining the victim's identity from dental records or fingerprints) which the detectives will read about in the M.E.'s autopsy report and by talking to the M.E. who performed it. When the detectives know the victim's identity they will inform their relatives or loved ones of their death and attempt to get more information on the victim's life and possible suspects. The detectives continue their investigation by interviewing witnesses and possible suspects, all the while tracing the victim's last known movements and victim's state of mind (by talking to the victim's family, friends and co-workers). Sometimes they will have someone they suspect of the crime and in checking their alibi they will trace the last known movements and the state of mind of the current suspect by talking to the people in the person(s) life until they are either ruled out or dead certain of the guilt of the person they suspect. In later seasons CCTV, GPS and Cell phone tracking might be used to trace suspect(s) and victim(s) movements by the Police. The detectives may even ask victims and witnesses to look through photographs in mug books or to view police lineups where they will try and identify the suspect(s). If gang or drug connections are suspected the detectives might talk to other Police units/squad specializing in those types of crimes. They may even approach Criminal Informants to see if they have heard anything on the street about the crime itself. The detectives also visit the crime lab to submit and view evidence (e.g. fingerprints, DNA and ballistics, etc.), they may also look into any background information such as financial details and criminal history on both the victim and lead suspect. In some instances, psychologists and/or psychiatrists are called in for insight into the criminal's behavior or modus operandi. All the while, the detectives report to their commanding officer, keeping them informed and being advised on how best to proceed next. When the detectives are certain they have the right suspect(s), the police will take the case to their boss, who decides if there is enough for a search and/or arrest warrant (though sometimes the commanding officer will consult with the New York City District Attorney's office to see if the case is strong enough) and whether or not any backup (such as uniformed officers or an armed tactical team) is needed. The detectives will then arrest the suspects(s) and read them their Miranda rights, though sometimes the police might have to chase the accused through the streets of New York. The scene might shift to the interrogation room where the detectives interrogate the suspect(s) until they either confess, ask for a lawyer, their defense attorney shows up and asks the suspect not to talk anymore, or the Assistant District Attorney from the D.A.'s office decides they have enough to press charges. The matter is then taken over by a pair of Prosecutors who represent the New York County District Attorney's Office, an Executive Assistant District Attorney (E.A.D.A) and an Assistant District Attorney (A.D.A). Unlike many other legal dramas (e.g., The Defenders, Matlock, Perry Mason and L.A. Law), the court proceedings are shown from the prosecution's point-of-view, with the regular characters trying to prove the defendant's guilt, not innocence. The two lead prosecutors will also consult at various stages of the trial with their boss, the district attorney, for advice on the case, as the D.A., being an elected official, sometimes brings political considerations to bear concerning decisions to prosecute the various alleged offenders. The A.D.A. is usually introduced in an arraignment court scene, in which the defendants plead (usually not guilty) and bail conditions are set. However, sometimes they might appear earlier in the episode during the police segment to arrange a plea-for-information deal or to decide if the detectives have enough evidence for search and/or arrest warrants. After the arraignment of defendants, the E.A.D.A. and A.D.A. will have a meeting with the accused and their defense attorney to discuss a plea bargain. The prosecutors will lay out the evidence against the accused, while the defense attorney will point out any holes in the D.A.'s case and point out alternative theories of the crime, or tell them about their defense strategies for court. The meeting usually ends with the plea bargain being ignored and the defendant and attorney deciding to take a chance in court, though these type of meetings might occur again later in the episode if new information is discovered. The prosecutors then proceed to prepare for the trial of the people's case in the New York Supreme Court. This may include legal research, preparing witnesses' testimonies, and sorting through relevant evidence. To strengthen their case, the team might conduct their own investigations, sometimes with help from the police, even though in real life, this would be done by the District Attorney's own Investigation Unit. Some episodes include legal proceedings beyond the testimony of witnesses, including motion hearings, often concerning the admissibility of evidence; jury selection; and allocations, usually as a result of plea bargains. Many episodes employ motions to suppress evidence as a plot device, and most of these end with evidence or statements being suppressed, often on a technicality. This usually begins with the service of the motion to the D.A. team, follows with argument and case citations of precedent before a judge in court, and concludes with a visual reaction of the winning or losing attorney. Sometimes, the motions might go before the New York Supreme Court, Appellate Division, to get a conclusive judgment. During the trial, both the prosecution team (usually the E.A.D.A.) and lead defence attorney take turns arguing their cases in front of the jury. They both directly examine and cross-examine the witnesses asking them questions that support the arguments for their case or sowing seeds of doubt in their rival's case. Some of the people interviewed by the police in the first half (the witness's, previous suspects, and family members of both criminal defendant(s) and victim(s)) will return to be put on the stand to testify for either side, depending on which party has subpoenaed them. Also, professional testimony is given from the Medical Examiner's, Crime Lab technicians (including fingerprint analysts, DNA profilers and ballistics analysts), and psychologists or psychiatrists (if the defendant uses an insanity plea). They will also object when each other goes beyond the scope of what the law will allow, e.g. "leading/badgering the witness", "Assuming facts, not in evidence", etc. to which the judge will either sustain (allow) or overrule. The judge might even ask them to approach the bench or ask the two parties to meet in his chambers for further arguments away from a jury. Many episodes use outlandish defence scenarios such as diminished responsibility (e.g. "Genetics"/"Television"/"God"/"the devil made me do it" and intoxication defence) and temporary insanity (e.g. "Black Rage"/"White Rage"/"Sports Rage"). Some episodes revolve around moral and ethical debates including the "right to die" (euthanasia), the "right to life" (abortion), and the "right to bear arms" (gun control). Near the end of the trial, the jury will break to deliberate their verdict (off-screen) and if once agreed upon the trial will continue, with the jury foreperson reading out the final verdict (either guilty or not guilty) to the court. Either verdict will show the reaction of both parties with the guilty verdict showing the defendant being handcuffed by the bailiff and led away to await sentencing usually a prison term unless they are found insane, which usually means being sent to a secure psychiatric facility. If the defendant is found not guilty they will be released and will thank their attorney before rejoining their family. The audience will also see the prosecutors look at the family of the victim to see their reaction to the verdict whether positive or negative. The scene may then show the prosecution team leaving the office or court to go home while contemplating either the true guilt of the accused, the defense scenarios that were used, or the moral or ethical issue that was central to the episode. Alternatively, the final few minutes of the episode may be at the DA's office or detention facility whereby the prosecution makes a final plea offer to the defendant or the defense seeks one from the prosecution. In such a case, the defendant may or may not be shown allocating his or her crime to the court. In a few episodes, the final verdict or the outcome of any ensuing plea negotiations may not be known to the audience. 
 Baywatch Nights (19951997)Summaries Baywatch veteran Mitch Buchannon moonlights as a P.I. with his two friends Garner and Ryan. In season 2, Diamont replaces Garner, and Mitch's cases suddenly take a hard turn towards supernatural horror. In this Baywatch spin-off, Mitch Buchannon, the always reliable Los Angeles county lifeguard, moonlights as a private detective alongside his beach cop buddy Garner and a female N.Y. private dick named Ryan McBride. They investigate and solve crimes together, often in some way related to Mitch's beloved beach. Luckily, they're usually not alone in this fight, as their frequent associates include cute psychic, Destiny Desimone, Mitch's lifeguard colleague, Donna Marco, and Lou Raymond, a legendary musician who owns the nightclub called 'Nights' where the trio's detective agency is located. However, in season 2, the show gets a serious overhaul as Mitch's cases suddenly start to exclusively involve supernatural horror and his enemies become actual demons, ghosts, monsters and other supernatural phenomena. He faces these otherworldly foes together with Ryan, as their relationship becomes more platonic in nature (mimicking that of Mulder and Scully), and Diamont Teague, Garner's replacement for this season. KGF Vissers It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Agent Cody Banks (2003)44) A government agent trains Cody Banks in the ways of covert operations that require younger participants. A government agent trains a typical teenager Cody Banks who loves to skateboard, hates math, and feels like a complete idiot around girls, in the ways of covert operations that require younger participants. But Cody's got a secret--he's actually part of a secret teen CIA program. Cody's living every boy's dream life--he can drive like a stunt man, has an incredible arsenal of cool gadgets, and his agency mentor, Ronica Miles, is totally hot. But Cody's training is put to the test when he's sent to pose as a prep school student and befriend fellow teen Natalie Connors in order to gain access to her father--a scientist unknowingly developing a fleet of deadly pair of twisted villains called the nanobots for the evil organization ERIS, which can destroy any carbon or silicon-based substance-to destroy the world's defense systems so he can threaten anyone who opposes him. From runaway cars and high-speed snowboard chases to a spectacular final mountaintop showdown, Cody has to use everything he's learned to prove himself as an agent and stop ERIS from completing their mission before their mission fails. Anthony Pereyra {hypersonic91@yahoo.com} To his family and friends, Cody Banks is a typical teen--he loves to skateboard, hates math, and feels like a complete idiot around girls. But Cody's got a secret--he's actually part of a secret teen CIA program. Cody's living every boy's dream life--he can drive like a stuntman, has an incredible arsenal of cool gadgets, and his agency mentor, Ronica Miles, is totally hot. But Cody's training is put to the test when he's sent to pose as a prep school student and befriend fellow teen Natalie Connors in order to gain access to her father--a scientist unknowingly developing a fleet of deadly nanobots for the evil organization ERIS. From runaway cars and high-speed snowboard chases to a spectacular final mountaintop showdown, Cody has to use everything he's learned to prove himself as an agent and stop ERIS from completing their mission--and, maybe, even get the girl. Sujit R. Varma Cody Banks is a shy common teenager, living with his mother, father and little brother in a suburban house. But he is also a very efficient undercover CIA agent. He is assigned by CIA director, with the support of his instructor Ronica Miles, to date Natalie Connors in order to be invited to her birthday party and get close and spy Natalie's father, Dr. Connors. Dr. Connors is a brilliant scientist, who has developed some sort of micro-robots with the intention of controlling oil leakage from tankers. However, the investors of the experiment intend to use the device as a powerful weapon. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 