nm0005081:

 Beginners (2010)651) A young man is rocked by two announcements from his elderly father: that he has terminal cancer and that he has a young male lover. In 2003, 38-year-old graphic artist Oliver Fields has just lost his father Hal to cancer, 5 years after his mother Georgia's death. Oliver is naturally sullen because of his relationships with his parents growing up (especially his mother, who had a unique view of life) and watching their cordial but somewhat distant marital relationship, but he's more so now as he deals with his personal losses. He embarks on a relationship with French actress Anna, hoping that his re-energized relationship with Hal following Georgia's death, and Hal's new outlook on life, will show him how to act in a loving relationship. After Georgia's death, Hal came out of the closet and began to live with a new joie de vivre and have an open relationship with Andy, a much-younger man. Oliver's relationship with Anna has other obstacles, including her own vagabond lifestyle and Oliver inheriting Arthur, Hal's very needy Jack Russell terrier. Huggo In 2003 L.A., 38-year-old Oliver is grieving: his father Hal has died, 5 years after his mother Georgia. After her death (and 45 years of marriage), Hal comes out of the closet. In flashbacks we see Oliver with Hal during his last year of life, in love with younger man Andy; there are also flashbacks to Oliver's childhood with his lonely, quirky mom that explain his diffidence and emotional unavailability. At work he's drawing a series of sketches he calls the history of sadness; at home, he bonds with Hal's terrier. Oliver meets rootless French actress Anna, in town for a month, living in hotels as she goes from film to film. Is she to be his route to a beginning? <jhailey@hotmail.com> A 38-year old graphic designer, Oliver (played by Ewan McGregor), is dealing with the death, from cancer, of his father, Hal (Christopher Plummer). Four years earlier Oliver's mother, Georgia (Mary Page Keller) died, also of cancer. Georgia's death was the catalyst for Hal coming out as gay, and finding a boyfriend. Oliver meets a French actress, Anna (Melanie Laurent), and they start a relationship. It's not smooth sailing though. grantss In 2003, 38-year-old graphic designer Oliver Fields meets the beautiful Anna at a costume party, only a few months after the death of his beloved father Hal from cancer. Inevitably, the mutual attraction soon blossoms into a marvelously interesting relationship, permeating Oliver with dear and faraway recollections of his late father who, after the death of his wife and in his mid-seventies, boldly decided to come out of the closet, embracing his new life and even dating a younger man. If only Oliver had known about this sudden and colorful revelation just a little earlier than his father's remaining year of life. But vital Anna is still here, pointing at a new beginning. Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 2003, 38-year-old Oliver Fields (Ewan McGregor), a somewhat solitary graphic artist living in Los Angeles, is quietly grieving after the death of his father, Hal (Christopher Plummer). Two months after Hal's death, Oliver is in a state of functional depression. He had adopted his father's beloved Jack Russell terrier, Arthur, and brings him along nearly everywhere as he cannot bear to hear the dog cry when left alone in the house. Oliver's friends talk him into attending a costume party. With Arthur in tow, Oliver attempts to brave the social gathering. Dressed as Sigmund Freud, Oliver sits by a couch and gives impromptu psychoanalysis to party-goers who ask for it. One of his "patients" is a young woman (Melanie Laurent) who communicates using only a notepad and pen. Despite the speech barrier, they form a bond and Oliver is able to enjoy the rest of the party. As he prepares to take Arthur home, Oliver shyly gives the woman his number. Moments later, as he walks to his car, she calls him and speaks using a code of telephone beeps. They go to her hotel room, where Oliver falls asleep in his costume. The next morning, still using her notepad, the woman explains that she is an actress and must travel to New York for filming. She asks to see Oliver again when she returns, and he happily agrees. During his childhood, Oliver was close with his mother, Georgia (Mary Page Keller). His father was often emotionally absent, which caused tension in the marriage. Years later, Oliver found out that his parents had known about Hal's sexuality from the beginning. Georgia came from a Jewish family and was discriminated against while growing up during World War II, and Oliver realized the emotional pain that surrounded his parents, living in an era when such significant elements of their characters were taboo. It is only after Georgia dies during Oliver's mid-thirties when Hal finally confesses his homosexuality to his son. Having hidden that side of himself for decades, Hal is free to embrace it at age 78 by becoming very active in the local gay community and entering into a relationship with a younger man. Soon afterward, Hal is diagnosed with terminal lung cancer. Oliver stayed by his father's side as his health declined The young woman, Anna, returns to L.A. and reunites with Oliver. Oliver is initially hesitant about letting her into his life after a string of failed relationships, but reconsiders when Anna (now speaking) proves to be a smart and understanding person. As their relationship progresses, they reveal painful details of their pasts. Eventually, a smitten Oliver invites Anna to move in with him. A home life together proves to be more stressful than either Oliver or Anna expected. Anna is overcome with emotion at such a large change, which is exacerbated by her worn-down nerves from talking to her depressed and suicidal father, who constantly hounds her with phone calls. Anna tearfully agrees that living with Oliver is not working out, and she returns to New York. Oliver is devastated at the breakup. Some time later, Oliver resolves to contact Anna again. He flies to New York and knocks on the door of her apartment. Receiving no answer, he calls her cell phone and she explains with some amusement that she had not left L.A. since their breakup. She tells Oliver where her spare key is located, and he lets himself into her empty apartment. She gives him a tour over the phone, similar to the tours Oliver gave to Anna and Arthur when they first entered his house. Arriving back in L.A., Oliver invites Anna over. She greets him and Arthur with reserved happiness. Sitting on the bed, Anna and Oliver glance hopefully at each other, timidly contemplating starting their relationship over again. 
 Venomous (2001 Video)Summaries Mutant snakes survived a terrorist attack on a government laboratory, and they now threaten the town of Santa Mira Springs, California. Seismic activity has brought snakes to the surface, where residents are being bitten. Victims can transmit the virus to healthy persons. The military puts the town under quarantine. Local physicians try to control the epidemic, while the military is primarily concerned with keeping the virus a secret. wkmiller704@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Negotiator (1998)651) In a desperate attempt to prove his innocence, a skilled police negotiator accused of corruption and murder takes hostages in a government office to gain the time he needs to find the truth. In the midst of an elaborate conspiracy, an expert negotiator is driven to the edge when he's framed for the murder of his partner, as well as embezzling money from his department's pension fund. His only chance to prove his innocence is to take hostages himself, acquire the services of another expert negotiator, and find out who's running the conspiracy before it's too late. Ted Walters On the same night Danny Roman (Samuel L. Jackson) received word about a possible pension fund conspiracy going on in his precinct, the friend who sent him the information is killed by an unknown assailant. Roman, an expert police negotiator, is grieving over his death when he finds out he's the prime suspect not only in his friend's murder but in the whole conspiracy altogether. Knowing he's innocent and not ready to leave his family behind, Roman does the unthinkable- take some hostages himself, including a member of Internal Affairs. Because he suspects his own men being in on the fund racket, he demands that the only negotiator he wants is one he's never met: Chris Sabian (Kevin Spacey), who willingly takes the assignment. As the two skilled negotiators clash with each other on one harrowing night, Roman attempts to both evade the officers who want him dead, and investigate the answer to the burning question that can clear his name: who killed his buddy? Macroplanet Samuel L. Jackson is Danny Roman, a hot shot police negotiator and the man of the hour in the police department. One day he wakes up to find that he has been set up, and now the police are after him. In his panic, he takes control of a building. Knowing all the rules of negotiation, Danny asks for the only negotiator he can trust - Chris Sabian (Kevin Spacey). When the police get itchy trigger fingers and want to go into the building shooting, Sabian finds that the only way he can save Danny Roman's life is to go in there and become his partner. Now the police have to deal with both of them. ShowBob <showbob@geocities.com> As a decorated hostage negotiator, Lieutenant Danny Roman has made a career out of talking down dangerous men who don't listen to reason. But he goes off the deep end himself when he is framed for the murder of a colleague investigating corruption in their department. Convinced that the Internal Affairs office contains evidence that can exonerate him, Roman takes everyone inside the building hostage. Roman demands Lieutenant Chris Sabian, known for his anti-violence creed, be brought in to negotiate thinking it will buy him time. When Sabian's attempts for a peaceful resolution are constantly undermined by local authorities, he begins to suspect there may be method to Roman's madness. Ronos Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Lieutenant Danny Roman is the top hostage negotiator in the Chicago Police Department's east precinct. When he can't talk a hostage-taker into surrendering, he offers himself as an additional hostage and lures the subject into a position where he can be taken down with the minimum use of force, rather than an all-out assault. Roman is middle-aged and recently married. While celebrating his most recent success, he is approached by his colleague Nathan 'Nate' Roenick, who warns him that large sums of money are being embezzled from the Chicago Police Department's disability fund of which Roman is on the board. Roenick has an informant with whom he was at the Police Academy and served with for a while, but refuses to name him. Later that evening, Roman is summoned via his pager for another meeting with Roenick but instead finds him dead by gunshot wounds. The case goes badly for Roman when it is assigned to Inspector Terrence Niebaum of the Internal Affairs Division, whom Roenick claimed was part of the embezzling. Furthermore the gun used to kill Roenick was one of three that were part of a case Roman handled in the past: two were recovered but not the third. Documents found in Roman's house indicate that the money has gone to an offshore account of which he denies any knowledge. Facing serious charges, suspended from the force and rejected by his friends, including Roenick's widow, a frustrated Roman storms into Niebaum's office and, in the chaos that follows, takes him and several others hostage, including his personal assistant Maggie, police Commander Grant Frost and two-bit con-man Rudy Timmons . With the building evacuated and placed under siege by police and FBI, Roman issues his conditions, his badge, a department funeral if he dies, finding Roenick's informant and killer, and summoning police Lieutenant Chris Sabian, the City's other top negotiator, who talks for as long as possible and sees tactical action as a last resort. Sabian, who has been trying rather unsuccessfully to negotiate peace between his sulking wife and cheeky daughter, arrives on the scene. Roman and Sabian have only met once briefly and know each other through reputation, but Roman wants Sabian because he is from the City's west side, unconnected to the disability fund scheme, and should be one of the few people Roman can trust. Sabian clashes with Roman's Precinct, particularly commander Adam Beck, but is given temporary command of the unit after they hastily attempt a breach that goes awry, resulting in SWAT officers Scott and Markus becoming hostages and Scott is supposedly killed. Roman trades Frost to Sabian in exchange for restoring the building's electricity, having been turned off after the hostage execution. With help from Rudy and Maggie, Roman accesses Niebaum's computer and discovers the scheme: corrupt officers submitted false disability claims that were processed by an unknown insider on the disability fund's board. He also discovers recordings of wiretaps, including a conversation between Roenick and his widow that suggests he was going to meet his informant before he was killed. Sabian, using the information Roman provided, claims to have located Roenick's informant in a bid to get Roman to release the hostages. Roman realizes Sabian is bluffing when Niebaum's files reveal Roenick himself was the IAD informant. When Roman threatens to expose Niebaum in his office's open window, leaving him vulnerable to sniper fire, Niebaum admits that Roenick gave him wiretaps, implicating three of Roman's squad mates in the embezzlement scheme: Allen, Hellman and Argento. When Niebaum confronted the guilty officers, he received a bribe from them to cover up their crimes, while Roenick refused, resulting in his murder. Niebaum says he doesn't know who the ringleader is, but that he has safely hidden the taps corroborating the three officers' guilt. The same corrupt officers have secretly entered the room via the air vents under the pretext of being part of a team to take Roman out in case he started killing hostages; upon hearing Niebaum's confession, they open fire and murder him before he can reveal where he has hidden the wiretaps. Roman single-handedly fends them and the rest of his squad off, using the flashbangs he seized from the two officers in the previous failed breach. Believing that Sabian and the police can't resolve the situation, the FBI assume jurisdiction over the operation, cease negotiations, relieve Sabian of his command, and order a full breach. As Roman prepares for his eventual arrest, Maggie tells him that Niebaum also worked from his house and could have kept Roenick's wiretaps there. Sabian confronts Roman to warn him about the breach, and Roman reveals that Scott is still alive and gagged with duct tape. Sabian begins to believe in Roman's innocence and gives him a chance to prove his case. While the FBI and SWAT raid the building and rescue the hostages, Roman disguises himself as a SWAT member and escapes through the vents. Roman and Sabian proceed to Niebaum's house, but they can't find the wiretaps. The police arrive and the corrupt officers enter the house, but they back off as Frost enters and tries to talk Roman down. Sabian observes Frost discreetly locking the front door and taking one of the loaded guns, and realizes that Frost is the ringleader of the conspiracy, the insider on the disability fund's board and Roenick's killer. In front of Frost, Sabian seemingly kills Roman and offers to destroy the evidence they have uncovered in return for a cut of Frost's take. Frost agrees and effectively makes a full admission to his and the other three officers' crimes. When Frost exits the house, he discovers that Sabian only wounded Roman, who used a police radio microphone to broadcast his confession to the police surrounding the area. Humiliated, Frost attempts to commit suicide, but is shot in the shoulder by Beck and arrested along with the other corrupt officers. As Roman is loaded into an ambulance, Sabian gives his badge to him and departs. 
 JAG (19952005)44) The cases of Harmon Rabb, former Navy fighter pilot, and his fellow lawyers of the U.S. Navy's Judge Advocate General's office. JAG is an adventure drama about an elite wing of officers trained as lawyers who investigate, prosecute and defend those accused of crimes in the military. Navy Cmdr. Harmon "Harm" Rabb, an ace pilot turned lawyer, and Marine Lt. Col. Sarah "Mac" MacKenzie, a beautiful by-the-book officer, are colleagues who hold the same high standards but find themselves clashing when they choose different routes to get to the same place. The unmistakable chemistry between them must be held at bay for professional reasons as they traverse the globe together with a single mission: to search for and discover the truth. Helping them with their mission is Navy Lt. Cmdr. Bud Roberts, a lawyer who proved his grit and determination when, after losing a leg in a land mine field while on a mission, fought back and became even better at his job. Commander Harmon Rabb, Jr. and Lieutenant Colonel Sarah MacKenzie are JAG lawyers, who together investigate and litigate crimes committed by Navy and Marine personnel. Occasionally, they engage in adventurous activities in order to solve their cases. With Rabb's fighter pilot background, and MacKenzie's good looks, they are a hot team both in and out of the courtroom. Brian Michael <ford1989@hotmail.com> Lt. Harmon Rabb is a JAG lawyer and is accompanied by Lt. Sarah MacKenzie. Together, they solve cases and problems of various kinds. From a psycho who wanted to bomb a cruise ship from a submarine to taking a risky mission of recon photos. Rabb used to be a fighter pilot until he and his co-pilot were in an accident. From then, he became a JAG. Every week he and Lt. MacKenzie have a new case to solve. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 