nm0005559:

 The Practice (19972004)Summaries We follow the exploits and cases of defense attorneys of a Boston law firm. Bobby Donnell is the senior defense attorney and founder of the firm. Bobby Donnell is the head of a struggling Boston law firm that seems to constantly struggle with ethical themes while defending murderers, rapists, etc. Jimmy, Eugene, Ellenor and Lindsay are junior attorneys with the firm, the streetwise receptionist, and Helen the firm's frequent adversary with the D.A.'s office in this smart and clever weekly series. Marty McKee <mmckee@wkio.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Fosters (20132018)Summaries Teenager Callie Jacob is placed in a foster home with a lesbian couple and their blend of biological, adoptive, and foster children. Stef Foster and Lena Adams,have a family of adopted, biological, and foster children. Mariana and Jesus are adopted 15-year-old twins and Brandon is Stef's 16-year-old biological son from a previous marriage. Everything is going fine in the house until Callie and Jude arrive. 16-year-old Callie and her 12-year-old brother Jude have been in many different foster homes, but when they are placed with the Fosters, things begin to happen. In this series, the Fosters will deal with many different issue like break-ups, romances, and important life lessons. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Ties That Bind (2015)Summaries Detective takes in her jailed brothers unruley teenagers whilst looking after her own and solving crime. "Detective McLean" revolves around Allison McLean (Kelli Williams), a tough and experienced police detective, mother and wife in suburban Seattle. When she and her police partner (Dion Johnstone) must arrest her brother (Luke Perry) for aggravated assault, her world drastically changes as he's convicted and sent to prison, leaving his two teenagers teetering on the brink of foster care. Ultimately, she takes them into her home, ending up with four teenagers to raise as well as her demanding job solving local crimes. Reel One Entertainment It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Lie to Me (20092011)Summaries About Cal Lightman, the world's leading deception expert who studies facial expressions and involuntary body language to expose the truth behind the lies. Dr. Cal Lightman teaches a course in body language and makes an honest fortune exploiting it. He's employed by various public authorities in various investigations, doing more when the police etc. fail to go the extra mile. So he can afford to constitute a team of his own, which like clients and others has to put up with his mind-games. KGF Vissers Dr. Cal Lightman is the world's leading expert on deception. He became so by studying micro expressions, body language and behavioral psychology, all combined with his acute deductive reasoning skills. With the help of his partner and best friend Dr. Gillian Foster, a behavioral psychologist, Lightman created The Lightman Group, a consulting firm hired by all kinds of clients and authorities, including FBI and other secret services, looking to get the truth out of different types of individual. Lightman and his staff will often conduct full investigations, many times to the annoyance of their clients. Ricky Lyon It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 