nm0003740:

 Six Feet Under (20012005)Summaries A chronicle of the lives of a dysfunctional family who run an independent funeral home in Los Angeles. Nathaniel Fisher, his wife Ruth, and their children David and Claire run a small funeral business that offers the best care to be found anywhere close by. Prodigal son Nate Jr. arrives home for Christmas just as his father is killed by a bus, and has to stick around when he and David are willed the funeral service together. How does a family who helps others deal with grief deal with its own? rmlohner It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bamboozled (2000)321) A frustrated African-American TV writer proposes a blackface minstrel show in protest, but to his chagrin it becomes a hit. Dark, biting satire of the television industry, focusing on an Ivy League educated black writer at a major network. Frustrated that his ideas for a "Cosby Show"-esque take on the black family have been rejected by network brass, he devises an outlandish scheme: reviving the minstrel show. This is the hook: Instead of white actors in black face, the show stars black actors in even blacker face. The show becomes an instant smash, but with the success also come repercussions for all involved. N. Cognito <nobody@noplace> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In a New York City residence, Pierre Delacroix ( Damon Wayans ) rises to begin his daily routine. Brushing his teeth, he gives us by voice over a definition of satire. He tells us with the rise of the Internet, video and interactive games, his field as a television writer has seen a drop in popularity. Meanwhile, in a dilapidated building, squatter Womack ( Tommy Davidson ) wakes up his friend Manray ( Savion Glover ) for a day of work. This consists of travelling to the CNS (Continental Network System) building where Delacroix works, and Manray tap dancing to entertain the workers. They then collect money from the workers. The men see Delacroix walk by, and ask him for monetary help in the form of work of some kind. Delacroix walks into a staff meeting late and is immediately castigated by his boss, Thomas Dunwitty ( Michael Rapaport ). Dunwitty informs the staff that CNS has poor ratings. He says he wants them to write funnier material, and ends the meeting. In the privacy of his office, Dunwitty tells Delacroix that the material Delacroix's been writing for him seems like it's about white people with black faces. Dunwitty asserts that Delacroix is an "oreo" with his Harvard education, because he won't write a "n----r show." The next day, Delacroix and his assistant Sloan Hopkins ( Jada Pinkett Smith ) talk. They've decided Manray is the solution to his problem. Delacroix plans to write a show that will be so "offensive and racist," it will prove his point that the network only wants to see black buffoons on the air. Delacroix simply hopes to be fired so he can be let go of his contract with CNS. Manray and Womack ask at the receptionist's desk for a "Delapoint" and the men working there tell them to step outside. However, Sloan steps into the lobby, sees what's happening, and escorts Manray and Womack to Delacroix's office. Delacroix explains to them that he has an idea for a television pilot, and they can make money with it. His main request is that Manray changes his name to Mantan, in an apparent homage to black character actor Mantan Moreland. On Sloan's walk home, she runs into her big brother Big Blak Afrika F/K/A Julius ( Yasiin Bey ). In Sloan's apartment, Julius and Sloan argue about his values, and he tells her to introduce him and his political hip-hop crew, the Mau Maus, to Delacroix. Delacroix has another meeting with Dunwitty. Delacroix proposes that the network start a variety show called "Mantan: The New Millenium Minstrel Show." Delacroix says that new faces are needed for the show, and has Sloan bring in Manray and Womack. The two men, respectively renamed "Mantan" and "Sleep'n Eat," will exhibit a range of stereotypical traits, Delacroix explains. Sloan is opposed to the proceedings, and suggests that there will be protest of the show they are planning. To seal the package, Manray dances atop a table in front of Dunwitty -- who immediately leaves to try to sell the show's concept to his executive bosses. Delacroix, Sloan and another woman hold auditions for the show. The first group of people ( The Roots ) audition to be the show's house band, The Alabama Porch Monkeys. After they perform, a dancer, a vulgar man shouting "I be smackin' my hoes," and a didgeridoo player all audition. The next hopeful is Honeycutt ( Thomas Jefferson Byrd ), an actor who bungles Shakespearean quotes and proclaims "N----s is a beautiful thing." Sloan's brother's group, the Mau Maus then do a fiery, confrontational performance; Pierre states via voice over that there is no place for them in his plan. Delacroix looks over a revised script for the show and confronts Dunwitty and his co-writer, Jukka, about their alterations to it that even he finds racially offensive. Delacroix says he won't be responsible for their changes, which Dunwitty says are to make the show funnier. Dunwitty says he knows black people better than Delacroix does, telling him, "Look at all the brothers on the wall" (referring to numerous pictures of famous black men hanging up in Dunwitty's office). Dunwitty tells him not to interrupt them, and Delacroix expresses impotent rage at this before leaving. A dressed-up Honeycutt steps onto a stage and introduces himself to a TV studio audience. Backstage, Womack and Manray create blackface from burned cork, put it onto their faces, and apply fire-truck red lipstick to their mouths. Mantan, Sleep'n Eat and the Alabama Porch Monkeys are then unveiled to the audience. People in the audience are shocked and dismayed, as the two actors employ self-deprecating racial humor while Mantan tap dances. White people in the audience are mostly scared to laugh or show their enjoyment, but black people around them clap and laugh. The white people thus feel sanctioned in enjoying the show. A sign near the stage says "Howl!" and the non-black people, seeing the approving black people around them, applaud. To Delacroix's disbelief and displeasure, the CNS executives order 12 shows of "Mantan" for a mid-season replacement. As the show becomes more and more popular, sides are chosen in the resulting battle over representation, and finally, tempers fly, resulting in a tragic conclusion. 
 Beastly (2011)651) A modern-day take on the "Beauty and the Beast" tale where a New York teen is transformed into a hideous monster in order to find true love. At the Buckeston Academy High School, the wealthy, arrogant, narcissistic, and bigoted Kyle Kingson is a student who does not respect his classmates. When Kyle is elected representative of the students, he plays a prank on the outcast Kendra, who has a reputation as a witch: he invites her to a party and humiliates her in front of their classmates. However, Kendra curses him with a spell that makes Kyle as ugly as his soul. Further, she tells him that if he does not find anyone who loves him within a year, he will be doomed to that appearance forever. When Kyle's father, Rob Kingson, sees him, he takes Kyle to specialists but the doctors do not know what to do, so Rob hides Kyle in an apartment with a maid and a blind tutor. When Kyle sees his mate Lindy on the streets, he saves her from a dangerous drug dealer and he brings her to his apartment to protect her. Now his only hope is that Lindy will fall in love with him. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil A chip off the not-so-old or modest block, Kyle Kingson is a high school senior at prestigious Buckston Academy High School in New York City. He knows that he is wealthy and good-looking, and, based on the tenets of Rob Kingson, his wealthy, good-looking and self-absorbed news anchor father, Kyle believes those traits get one everything in life. Smug Kyle treats poorly and with disdain those who are unattractive or different. Although Kyle is generally idolized by his classmates, there are the few who want to see him brought down a notch or three because of his vainglorious attitude, and chief amongst them is Kendra. After a prank Kyle perpetrates on her--one that she saw coming a mile away--Kendra, a sorceress, places a spell on Kyle, disfiguring his face. The spell will be broken if someone can truly tell him that she loves him. If no one does so within a year, the disfigurement will be permanent. As Rob implies that he would rather have a dead son than an ugly son, he places Kyle in hiding, with only their housekeeper, Jamaican immigrant Zola Davies (who Kyle previously also treated poorly), and a tutor, a blind man named Will, in the house with Kyle. Kyle quickly changes his attitude because of his situation. He can see that he loves Lindy, a classmate to whom he never paid any attention in three years of going to the same school. She, self-described as more substance over style, is smart but from the proverbial wrong side of the tracks, and trying to get away from the troubled life with her drug-addicted father. More than anything, Kyle wants to be her protector, especially from that life. Teaching Kyle to know how to act around someone like Lindy may be a little more difficult than changing his attitude, but he requires and accepts the help of the more insightful Zola and Will. Regardless, Kyle still has to overcome his physical appearance, which he cannot do before someone (Lindy, he hopes) tells him that she truly loves him for who he is inside. Huggo Kyle (Alex Pettyfer) thinks he is God's gift at his high school. He plays a prank on a fellow student, Kendra (Mary-Kate Olsen) who, unbeknown to him, is a witch. Kendra teaches him a lesson by putting a curse on him to make him as beastly on the outside as he is on the inside. He has one year to find someone to fall in love with him or stay like that forever. Anonymous Kyle is a rich, spoiled teen who thinks the world is at his finger tips. When a student, Kendra, calls him a jerk, he decides to play a prank on her. She retaliates by placing a curse on him that turns him into something hideous. She tells him that if at the end of a year, he can't find someone to say "I love you" to him, he will remain like that forever. He then goes into seclusion with a maid and a blind tutor. They convince him to go out and find someone. He goes out and runs into Lindy, another student at his school who is not completely turned off by his swagger. When she gets into trouble, he offers to take her in until the trouble is over. He then adopts the name Hunter and he tries to win her heart but she's not like the other girls who are wooed by his wealth. rcs0411@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Kyle Kingson (Alex Pettyfer) is the arrogant and vain son of wealthy and equally as arrogant and vain news anchor Rob Kingston (Peter Krause). When he wins student body president, he bullies the eccentric Kendra Hilferty (Mary-Kate Olsen) for being ugly and strange at the after-party. Disgusted, Kendra magically transforms Kyle into a bald, tattooed and scarred shell of his once-handsome self. Kendra says Kyle has until the next spring to find someone who loves him or he stays this way forever. Rob takes Kyle to live in a private condo with their maid, Zola (Lisa Gay Hamilton), and Kyle's blind tutor, Will Fratalli (Neil Patrick Harris). Rob initially promises to support his son, but gradually neglects his son over time and stops visiting him after work altogether. Angry and hurt, Kyle finds sympathy from Will and Zola. As spring draws closer, Kyle finds himself infatuated with Lindy Taylor (Vanessa Hudgens), a girl from his former school who he had initially been as distant to as he was to Kendra. When Lindy and her father are about to be mugged by two brothers on the street, Lindy's father shoots one of the brothers, the surviving one vowing vengeance by taking Lindy's life. Kyle saves Lindy and her father, and arranges for Lindy to move in with him for her own safety. Initially, Lindy is furious about hiding, since she was to go to Machu Picchu on a field trip - but after she claims she's seen worse when Kyle reveals himself to her (now calling himself "Hunter" around her), they warm up to each other. Kyle writes a letter to Lindy professing his love to her, but he never plans to give it to her, in fear of Lindy not feeling the same way. Will and Zola continue to help Kyle win her over, as the two begin to fall in love. In time, he completely wins her over when they read Frank O'Hara's poem "Having a Coke with You" together out loud. Closer to spring, Kyle makes a deal with Kendra that if he succeeds in winning Lindy's heart, she will restore Will's vision and grant citizenship to Zola's three children in Jamaica. Lindy receives a text message from her father that the criminal who threatened her life is in jail. She and Kyle spend an afternoon at one of Rob's private cottages on a lake. As they are about to kiss, Lindy receives a call notifying her that her father overdosed and is in a hospital. She leaves to see her father, and Kyle gives her his letter, but regrets doing so when she tells him he's a good friend before leaving. Heartbroken, Kyle does not answer Lindy's phone calls, after she reads his letter. Inspired by Will and Zola, Kyle goes to meet Lindy one last time before she leaves for Machu Picchu, and explains he did not answer her calls because he thought she only liked him as a friend. Lindy professes her love, and departs for Machu Picchu. Kyle's normal, handsome self is restored with Kendra's spell broken, but Lindy decides against leaving and tries to find "Hunter" again. She initially ignores Kyle while searching for Hunter, only for Kyle's phone to ring when she calls "Hunter". Realizing Hunter was Kyle, the two share a kiss in the street. Will wakes up one morning and to his delight can see again. Zola finds three green cards for her children in the mail from the government. Kendra is also seen approaching Rob Kingson's office as a new intern, implying that Kendra will likely do the same thing to Rob as she did to Kyle. In the credits, a series of photographs show that Kyle and Lindy went around the world together - including Machu Picchu. 
 Breaking Bad (20082013)871) A high school chemistry teacher diagnosed with inoperable lung cancer turns to manufacturing and selling methamphetamine in order to secure his family's future. When chemistry teacher Walter White is diagnosed with Stage III cancer and given only two years to live, he decides he has nothing to lose. He lives with his teenage son, who has cerebral palsy, and his wife, in New Mexico. Determined to ensure that his family will have a secure future, Walt embarks on a career of drugs and crime. He proves to be remarkably proficient in this new world as he begins manufacturing and selling methamphetamine with one of his former students. The series tracks the impacts of a fatal diagnosis on a regular, hard working man, and explores how a fatal diagnosis affects his morality and transforms him into a major player of the drug trade. WellardRockard, jackenyon Walter H. White is a chemistry genius, but works as a chemistry teacher in an Albequerque, New Mexico high school. His life drastically changes when he's diagnosed with stage III terminal lung cancer, and given a short amount of time left to live: a mere matter of months. To ensure his handicapped son and his pregnant wife have a financial future, Walt uses his chemistry background to create and sell the world's finest crystal methamphetamine. To sell his signature "blue meth," he teams up with Jesse Pinkman, a former student of his. The meth makes them very rich very quickly, but it attracts the attention of his DEA brother in law Hank. As Walt and Jesse's status in the drug world escalates, Walt becomes a dangerous criminal and Jesse becomes a hot-headed salesman. Hank is always hot on his tail, and it forces Walt to come up with new ways to cover his tracks. halo1k, jackenyon A once loyal father and chemistry teacher, Walter White, turns to a life of crime due to developing stage 3 terminal lung cancer. He is told he has two years to live. Teaming up with one of his high school students, Jesse Pinkman, he grows in power, battles anyone in his way and raises a family - all whilst hiding from his brother-in-law who works for the DEA. joshchristian-142-732069 The mishaps of two drug dealers trying to survive in the complicated and corrupted world of crime, leading them from the point of working for money to working to survive; all starting with an honest high school teacher trying to make money for his family after finding out cancer hadn't left him much time. While the men are forced to continue the business, they slowly start to figure a way to leave the job as soon as possible and at any cost. J. S. Golden Breaking Bad follows protagonist Walter White, a chemistry teacher who lives in New Mexico with his wife and teenage son who has cerebral palsy. White is diagnosed with Stage III cancer and given a prognosis of two years left to live. With a new sense of fearlessness based on his medical prognosis, and a desire to secure his family's financial security, White chooses to enter a dangerous world of drugs and crime and ascends to power in this world. The series explores how a fatal diagnosis such as White's releases a typical man from the daily concerns and constraints of normal society and follows his transformation from mild family man to a kingpin of the drug trade. ahmetkozan Mild-mannered high school chemistry teacher Walter White thinks his life can't get much worse. His salary barely makes ends meet, a situation not likely to improve once his pregnant wife gives birth, and their teenage son is battling cerebral palsy. But Walter is dumbstruck when he learns he has terminal cancer. Realizing that his illness probably will ruin his family financially, Walter makes a desperate bid to earn as much money as he can in the time he has left by turning an old RV into a meth lab on wheels. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Season 1 A struggling high school chemistry teacher, Walter White (Bryan Cranston), is diagnosed with inoperable, advanced lung cancer. On a ride along with his DEA agent brother-in-law Hank Schrader (Dean Norris), Walter sees a former student of his, Jesse Pinkman (Aaron Paul), fleeing the scene of a meth lab. He later contacts Jesse and devises a scheme to become partners in an attempt to combine their skills to manufacture and distribute methamphetamine, with Walter cooking the product and Jesse using his street connections to distribute it. Walter says he wants to provide financial stability for his pregnant wife, Skyler (Anna Gunn) and disabled son, and to pay for his expensive cancer treatment. During Walter and Jesse's first days of selling Albuquerque's finest meth, they encounter a series of problems with local drug dealers. Walter takes to selling the meth he produces to a local druglord, Tuco Salamanca (Raymond Cruz), using the alias 'Heisenberg'. Season 2 Walter continues to find himself facing insurmountable medical bills from his cancer treatment. Despite having had several bad experiences while producing meth with Jesse, Walter agrees to rejoin his partner. The two begin producing meth but run into multiple problems. Jesse's friend Badger (Matt L. Jones) is arrested while selling meth in a sting operation. Walter hires a lawyer, Saul Goodman (Bob Odenkirk), to help Badger. Walter and Jesse drive a recreational vehicle into the desert and produce meth for four days. Later, Combo, another of Jesse's friends and distributors, is killed by a rival gang for selling meth in their territory. Saul suggests the two find a new distribution model. Throughout this, Jesse has been building a relationship with his neighbor and landlord, Jane Margolis (Krysten Ritter). Jane, who is a recovering addict, relapses and the two begin doing heroin. Saul finds them a new business partner, Gus Fring (Giancarlo Esposito), who is willing to pay $1.2 million for the 38 pounds of meth they produced. Walter hastily delivers the product to Gus, but misses his daughter's birth. Walt withholds Jesse's half of the money because of his drug use, but Jane finds out about it and blackmails Walt. Walt visits Jesse's house and witnesses Jane overdosing and choking on her own vomit, but perceiving her as an enemy, sits idly beside her and lets her die. Skyler confronts Walter about his frequent absences and excuses. She begins to piece together his secret life and demands that they separate. Season 3 Walter wishes to reunite his family, but Skyler is still suspicious of Walter's second life. Walter believes he can mend the tension between them by confessing to her that he has been producing meth. Skyler is appalled by the confession and demands a formal divorce. Meanwhile, Gus offers to pay Walter $3M for three months of his service. He even offers to provide Walter with a state-of-the-art production facility and a brilliant lab assistant, Gale (David Costabile). Jesse is continuing to produce and sell meth by himself. Hank is working with the DEA to investigate Jesse and is slowly gathering evidence to make an arrest. He survives an assassination attempt made by Tuco's twin cousins and manages to kill one of his assailants and critically injure the other, who later dies in the hospital. Hank suffers critical wounds but survives. Jesse threatens to report Walter to the police if he is arrested, but Walter offers him Gale's position at the lab. After obtaining the position, Jesse begins stealing meth from the lab and selling it in secret on the side. Jesse gets romantically involved with a woman he meets in his rehab group and learns her kid brother, age 11, was put up by Gus and his street dealers to kill Combo. Jesse decides to avenge Combo. Walter aids Jesse in escaping from Gus's wrath. Gus begins to lose trust in Walter and asks Gale to take over the lab. He orders his henchmen to kill Walter and Jesse. After he is abducted by the henchmen, Walter instructs Jesse over the phone to kill Gale in order to force Gus not to kill Walter (and, by extension, Jesse) lest he eliminate his only remaining trained chemist. Season 4 Jesse follows Walter's instructions and murders Gale. Gus decides to discipline the two by enforcing stricter policies at the lab. He also tries to break Walter and Jesse's friendship by assigning them to separate work details. While Walter works in the meth lab, Jesse escorts Mike (Jonathan Banks), one of Gus's enforcers, to retrieve payments and provide back-up. Walter and Jesse become increasingly distant from, and hostile to, each other. Meanwhile, Hank, who has been recovering from his last engagement with the cartel, finds evidence linking Gale to Gus. He believes Gus is a major drug distributor and starts looking for tangible evidence to file charges. Gus realizes Walter's close ties with Hank could jeopardize his entire operation. Gus fires Walter and informs him Hank will be killed. He also warns Walter that if he intervenes his entire family will be murdered. Jesse and Walter put their differences aside and agree to murder Gus, convincing former cartel enforcer Hector Salamanca to detonate a suicide bomb; Hector succeeds in this endeavor, killing himself, Gus, and Tyrus, Gus's henchman. Walter and Jesse then destroy the meth lab and Walter declares to his wife, "I won." Season 5 Following Gus Fring's death, Walter partners with Jesse and Mike to create a new meth production and distribution operation. Mike handles all business aspects of the partnership, while Walter and Jesse work with a team of house fumigators to produce meth in tented houses. Hank and the DEA are able to identify nine prison inmates and one lawyer with criminal ties to Mike. Walter kills Mike, and is fearful that the informants will flip on Walter's operation since Mike is no longer able to pay them to keep quiet. He hires Jack Welker, the leader of a neo-Nazi gang, to kill the ten informants from within prison. Walter's business continues unimpeded until he decides to retire after accruing $80 million, which he buries in the desert. Later, Hank is invited to the Whites' home, where he unintentionally stumbles upon one of Walter's books with a signed message from Gale Boetticher. He realizes that Walter is the infamous Heisenberg and secretly restarts the investigation. Hank forms an alliance with Jesse, who now despises Walter for all his wrongdoings. Left with no options, Walter hires Jack again to murder Jesse. Walter attempts to confront Jesse in the desert, but instead Hank traps and arrests him. The neo-Nazi gang arrives and engages Hank in a fierce firefight. Jack executes Hank despite Walter's pleas. Jesse is captured and forced into slavery, producing meth for the gang. Before leaving, Jack and his gang take a majority of Walter's money, leaving him with only $11 million. Skyler and Walter Jr. are distraught over Hank's death and hold Walter accountable. They refuse to leave Albuquerque with Walter and instead contact the police. Walter spends the next several months hiding in a cabin in New Hampshire while struggling with cancer. He returns to New Mexico in order to visit his family one final time and seek revenge against Jack. Later that night, Walter executes all of the gang's members and frees Jesse, who escapes from the compound before the police arrive. Walter realizes he is mortally wounded from a gunshot and slowly succumbs to his injury as the police search the compound. 