nm0005299:

 Run (I) (2020)321) A homeschooled teenager begins to suspect her mother is keeping a dark secret from her. Chloe, a teenager who is confined to a wheelchair, is home schooled by her mother, However, her mother's strange behavior doesn't go unnoticed and when Chloe pries into some private papers, she discovers a Change of Name Certificate document with her mother's name, Diane Sherman, on it. When Chloe googles "Diane Sherman," the internet suddenly disconnnects. Chloe becomes suspicious of all that her mother does, suspecting her of something sinister. She decides to go on the run in her wheelchair in a desperate attempt to get away from her. yusufpiskin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Diane Sherman gives birth prematurely to an infant whom she later sees lying in an incubator surrounded by a team of hospital staff. Seventeen years later in Pasco, Washington, Diane home-schools and serves as sole caretaker of her wheelchair-using daughter, Chloe, who is chronically ill with arrhythmia, hemochromatosis, diabetes, and paralysis. Chloe, skilled in technology and engineering, awaits an acceptance letter from the University of Washington. Diane insists she is eager to see Chloe leaving home to begin college, yet repeatedly stops Chloe from seeing the mail before her. Chloe finds green capsules prescribed to her mother while looking in a bag of groceries. Diane later gives one of these pills to Chloe in her daily medication, claiming it is Trigoxin prescribed to Chloe. Chloe secretly checks the pill bottle and finds a pharmacy label with her name covering the label with Diane's name. She tries to look up Trigoxin online, but their home internet no longer works. She dials a stranger and asks him to look up the drug for her. He tells her Trigoxin treats heart conditions and is a red capsule. Chloe asks to go to the movies with her mother. During the film, she sneaks across the street to the pharmacy and asks about the green pill. The pharmacist says it is a muscle relaxant for dogs, prescribed to Diane's (non-existent) dog, which may cause leg paralysis if ingested by humans. As Chloe has an asthma attack, Diane locates her, asks the other customers to move aside, and injects her with a sedative without being seen. Chloe wakes up alone in the house, locked in her bedroom. Although Diane has sabotaged the phones and mobile stair-lift, Chloe manages to escape the house. Badly injured, she flags down the mailman. Diane arrives shortly after and, after failing to convince him to let her take Chloe, kills the mailman. Chloe awakes in the basement with her wheelchair chained. She discovers her college acceptance letter in the trash as well as a box of photos and documents that show Diane's real daughter died two hours after birth and that Diane stole baby Chloe, who could walk as a small child. Diane enters and offers to start afresh with Chloe. Chloe accuses Diane of committing factitious disorder imposed on another and asks if she was ever genuinely sick. Diane denies the accusations and insists she did everything to help Chloe. Diane fills a syringe with the poisonous black substance she was cooking in a beaker, after previously being shown to research household neurotoxins. Chloe escapes into a storage room and drinks from a bottle of organophosphate, forcing Diane to hospitalize her. Chloe awakes in a hospital bed, weak and unable to speak while intubated. Diane creates a Code Blue emergency off screen and kidnaps Chloe before she can be questioned about her "suicide attempt". When Diane pauses at the top of a stopped escalator, Chloe moves her feet to stop the wheelchair. Meanwhile, a nurse has discovered Chloe is missing and alerts security, who reaches Chloe and Diane. Diane threatens them with a gun and is shot. She falls down the stairs. Seven years later, Chloe still uses a wheelchair but has partial use of her legs. She regularly visits Diane, who is bedridden in prison. Chloe updates Diane about her marriage, child, and career: she is developing prosthetic for children. As she is about to leave, Chloe spits out the canine muscle relaxants she smuggled into the prison, same as the ones Diane gave her, and says "I love you, Mom. Now open wide." 
 12 Years a Slave (2013)651) In the antebellum United States, Solomon Northup , a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Based on an incredible true story of one man's fight for survival and freedom. In the pre-Civil War United States, Solomon Northup , a free black man from upstate New York, is abducted and sold into slavery. Facing cruelty personified by a malevolent slave owner, as well as unexpected kindnesses, Solomon struggles not only to stay alive, but to retain his dignity. In the twelfth year of his unforgettable odyssey, Solomon's chance meeting with a Canadian abolitionist will forever alter his life. Fox Searchlight In 1841, the Afro-American violinist Solomon Northup is a free man, living with his wife and children in Saratoga Springs, New York. He is hired by two men for a two-week tour in Washington with their theatrical company. However Solomon is kidnapped and sold as a slave in New Orleans with the nickname Platt. Along twelve years, he works in the plantations and has abusive treatment of his masters, until the day he meets the Canadian abolitionist Bass that promises to send a letter to his family. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil In 1841, African American Solomon Northup , a free man, is kidnapped and forced into slavery under the name 'Platt' for 12 years. He faces the hardships of being a slave under the hands of a few different slave owners. Through faith, will power, and courage Northup must survive and endure those 12 years as a slave. James Pasier In the years before the Civil War, Solomon Northup , a free black man from upstate New York, is kidnapped and sold into slavery in the South. Subjected to the cruelty of one malevolent owner, he also finds unexpected kindness from another, as he struggles continually to survive and maintain some of his dignity. Then in the 12th year of the disheartening ordeal, a chance meeting with an abolitionist from Canada changes Solomon's life forever. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The movie opens with a group of slaves receiving instruction on cutting sugar cane. A man sits languidly atop a wagon of the raw cane root, idly looking at the labor of the men. The scene shifts to a group of shacks. The slaves are eating. Solomon Northup notices the dark juice of blackberries and is inspired to create ink and a quill. Unfortunately, the scheme fails. The juice is too thin. Later, in the crowded slave quarters, a female stirs in her sleep and advances on Northup sexually, using his hand for release. Solomon flashes back to happier times with his wife and children and the title card flashes. We see snippets of Solomon's life as a free man. He plays the violin exquisitely and is much in demand as a performer in his home of Saratoga. Later that night, after settling the children in their beds, he talks with his wife, who will shortly take the children with her as she works as a cook. He playfully expresses jealousy at being deprived of her cooking. The following morning he sees them off in a carriage. Later that afternoon, he encounters a friend who introduces him to two travelers (Brown and Hamilton) claiming to work with a circus-like show. They promise him an outrageous sum to accompany them to Washington DC and promise his return before his wife gets back. He agrees to join them. We next see the trio at a restaurant in DC. His patrons plunk down a bag of coins in excess of their promised sum. They share wine and one of them watches closely as Solomon drains his glass. Everyone is having a great time. Suddenly, Solomon awakes in a dank cell, chained to the floor. In a series of flashbacks, we see his "friends" carry him up to his hotel room, excusing his drunken stupor to other patrons. Brown urges Hamilton that time is short, and they need to be done with it. Their departure ends the flashback, and we rejoin Solomon in the cell where he is told that he is a runaway Georgia slave. Despite his protests of being a free man, he has no papers. Solomon is mercilessly beaten and eventually sent into a slave pen with others. He discusses his situation with Clemens, an apparently educated slave who advises him on the dire nature of their situation. Soon a mother (Eliza) and daughter are brought to the pen to join a previously captured son. She tries to keep a brave face while understanding the forthcoming tragedy. Under cover of darkness, they are pulled from their cell, chained and transported to a river boat. They are led to the hold, crammed with other human cargo. Clemens reiterates his advice that Solomon maintain a low profile, denying his ability to read and write. The encounter another slave (Robert) who wants to revolt and take over the ship. They contemplate their odds before opting for caution. Later that night, a slaver visits the hold and awakens Eliza to rape her. Robert attempts to stop the rape but is stabbed and killed. Clemens and Solomon are charged with dropping the body in the river, prompting Clemens to remark that Robert is better off in death. Later, they arrive at a dock. Clemens's master is waiting for them and immediately demands the return of his stolen property. Clemens gratefully scampers down into the embrace of his master, abandoning all evidence of his previously displayed intellect. Solomon has lost his only friend. After disembarking, a slaver (ironically named Freeman) calls his new property to their feet by announcing their names. He calls Solomon "Platt" which he obviously doesn't recognize. Solomon is slapped for denying the name. The indignity of Freeman's slave operation is displayed as the naked slaves bath in buckets at his offices. Inside, he puts on his sales spiel to eager customers. A genteel plantation owner (Ford), expresses interest in Platt (Solomon) and Eliza. She begs him to take her children as well, but Freeman balks, swiftly selling her son to another buyer. Ford attempts to buy her daughter (clearly of mixed heritage), but again Freeman won't adjust his price. Ford can only afford to pay for the two. Eliza is distraught and wildly screams in her grief, upsetting the sale. Solomon is commanded to play the fiddle to lighten the mood. Ford transports his purchases back to his plantation. Eliza has been sobbing the whole trip. Ford's wife mentions that food and a night's rest will help her forget them. The next morning, the slaves are introduced to Tibeats, a slave handler, and Ford's overseer, Chapin. TIbeats sings a derisive song warning the slaves against escape as they perform their labor. They continue chopping timber and ultimately encounter a small band of native people with whom they share a brief respite. Solomon notices a stringed instrument and appears to remember his own violin. The next day, Solomon (against Clemens advice) approaches Ford with a novel idea to transport the lumber via the river. Tibeats is extremely patronizing, but Ford is impressed with Solomon's opinions and is persuaded. The scheme succeeds, and Tibeats is embarrassed. Ford offers Solomon a violin to play as a reward. Back at the slave quarters Eliza is moaning in sadness over the loss of her children. Solomon is frustrated by the noise and debates her about surviving under Ford's "decent" treatment. Eliza argues back that Ford must surely realize that Solomon is not a slave, yet does nothing to free him. Solomon is given pause. Eliza is eventually sold off as Ford's wife can't "bear the noise." Over the next few days, Tibeats attempts to wreak petty vengeance on Solomon, leading to a verbal confrontation. Tibeats attempts to beat Solomon who fights back and gets the better of him. Chapin comes upon the scene and sends Tibeats scurrying. He warns him that he cannot protect him if he runs and implies that he will get Ford to straighten it out. Later, we find that Tibeats has gathered some thugs to lynch Solomon for daring to fight him. They have the noose around his neck and are preparing to hang him when Chapin returns, guns drawn. He chases them off, but allows Solomon to hang there, barely able to support his weight, on tip toes (punishment for striking a white man). Gradually, slaves emerge from their cabins and appear to take no notice of his plight. A woman furtively brings him some water, but quickly retreats. What appears to be hours later, Ford finally returns and slices the rope, saving Solomon. He drags him into the house for protection, but decides that he must be sold. Tibeats will not be denied his vengeance. It is here that we learn Ford has sold Solomon to a notorious plantation owner named Epps, who is known for merciless beatings. Epps reads a Bible passage, slanting the scripture to reinforce his ownership of the slaves. The next day brings a day of picking cotton. At the end of the day, the weight of each worker's bundles are marked. Solomon's yield is less than average. Slaves that picked less than the previous day receive lashes. Meanwhile, Patsey exceeds the best production of any worker by nearly double. Epps lingers around Patsey and offers extensive praise for her. It is clear he is fascinated by her, and his wife is none too pleased. Epps enters the slave quarters and rouses them from sleep, creating an impromptu dance where Patsey is the center of attention. Epps wife throws a heavy crystal decanter at Patsey's face, brutally scarring her. She demands that Epps sell Patsey, but he claims that he would send his wife away before losing Patsey. Mistress Epps sends Solomon on an errand to the store. She hands him a list and notices him reading it. She makes it clear that he should not do it again. On his way to the store, Solomon is inspired to attempt escape, but stumbles into a lynching. Seeing the fate of the two men, his spirit is broken, and he continues to the store. Seeing the paper, he develops the idea to take a spare sheet each time so that he might craft a letter. Some time later, Epps dispatches Solomon to a nearby plantation owned by Shaw. Shaw has married one of his slaves and elevated her status (at least on his plantation). Patsey is there for a visit, enjoying the finery, but apparently Epps is jealous that Shaw might attempt to bed her. After a brief refreshment, Solomon convinces Patsey to join him. As they return to Epps' plantation, he is clearly drunk. Solomon whispers to Patsey that she avoid Epps, which Epps interprets as Solomon making a sexual advance. After a drunken chase around the yard, Mistress Epps intervenes, if only to express her disgust at her husband's obsession with Patsey. Later that night, Epps stumbles to the slave quarters and rapes her. Mistress Epps has had enough of her husband's affair and chastises Patsey before cruelly slashing her face. Later that night, Patsey begs Solomon to strangle her and dispose of her body. She can no longer bear the burden of Epps's rapes and his wife's torments. Solomon refuses, despite her entreaties. Some time later, we see that Epps's cotton crops have been devastated by insects. Two crops have been lost, and he decides to lend his slaves to a judge who can derive some use of them and pay the mortgage on their purchases. This returns us to the opening scene, where Solomon is cutting sugar cane. The judge notices Solomon's skill and recommends him to a neighbor seeking music for a party. As a bonus, the judge says Solomon may keep whatever wages he earns. The party is a fancy costumed affair, and Solomon clearly sees parallels between his old life as a free man and his forced servitude. The party is over, and it's time to return to Epps's farm. As Solomon walks up to the house, Patsey's bloody eye indicates that her torments have continued. The cotton crop is in, and that means it's back to the fields. This time, they are joined by a white laborer (Armsby) who is picking to earn money to get back on his feet. Even though his yield is well below any other worker, he is spared the whipping that all the other slaves receive. In the quarters, he tends to Solomon's wounds and tells his story. He appears to be a decent man and a sympathetic ear. Solomon decides to risk trusting him with sending a letter North, in hopes of securing his freedom. He gives Armsby all his earnings from the party and swears him to secrecy. He will deliver the letter to him in two days. Solomon sets about creating ink and drafts the letter. Just that night, Epps enters the quarters and walks Solomon outside. Armsby has broken his word and told Epps everything. Fortunately, he told his story BEFORE Solomon gave him the letter. Thinking quickly, and playing on Epps's low opinion of slaves, he flips the story on Armsby, branding him a liar who is seeking to curry favor in order to get a job. This story persuades Epps and Solomon is spared. Later, Solomon burns the letter and watches as his hopes of freedom are extinguished in the ashes. Some time later, we find a team of workers building a structure with a hired hand, Bass. Bass is from the North and holds strong views that fly in the face of Epps's strongly pro-slavery leanings. They chatter back and forth in front of Solomon, piquing his interest. Later, Epps is in a lather about Patsey. She's gone missing, and Epps thinks she has run away. He threatens all the women with violence over her loss; however, she has simply been back to Shaw's plantation to visit her friend. She attempts to convince Epps that she is faithful to him and went there to get some soap, a "luxury" that Epps's wife has denied her. She loudly asserts her worth and insists that she deserves to be clean. Epps is pushed over the edge by his wife's bickering and calls for Patsey to be tied to the whipping post. As he prepares to strike, he finds himself unable to inflict the punishment. Cravenly, he insists that Solomon do it. At first, Solomon attempts to be gentle, But Mistress Epps sees through the deception and nudges her husband to increase the severity. Epps points a gun to Solomon's head and claims he will kill every slave he sees if he doesn't whip Patsey harder. Faced with an unspeakable choice, he whips her harder, a pink mist of blood accompanying every new strike. After he pauses, Epps rushes forward, seething with rage and finally whips Patsey himself. The brutal punishment rends her flesh to shreds, and she collapses. Solomon finds himself alone with Bass, the hired hand. He asks where he's from and when Bass replies, "Canada," Solomon offers convincing knowledge of the country. Bass asks how he's so well travelled, and Solomon explains his dire circumstance. Bass comes to believe Solomon's story and knows the horrible injustice of it. As they continue work, Solomon takes a chance and asks Bass to write letters to his friends in Saratoga. Bass agrees. Then the work is finished, and he leaves. A long shot lingers on Solomon. He has no idea whether Bass has kept his word. We don't know how long Bass has been gone, but the tears in Solomon's eyes indicate that perhaps he's beginning to think that he has been betrayed again. Now we see a group of men tilling the soil and planting seeds. A carriage pulls up to the Epps plantation, and an official looking man calls out for Platt (Solomon). He answers and approaches the man (a sheriff). The man asks him some questions and motions to another man in the carriage. It is Mr. Parker, a shop owner from Saratoga and friend of Solomon's. With little further prompting, the sheriff is convinced, and Solomon rushes to embrace his friend. Epps is enraged and shouts empty threats. The sheriff rebuts the arguments and Parker helps Solomon into the carriage that will take him to safety. Patsey is there and calls out to him. Solomon leaps from the carriage to embrace her one last time before his departure. As he leaves, Patsey collapses in grief. Now Solomon has been carried home. Outside his door, he appears overcome at having been delivered from his nightmare. Upon entering, he sees his family. They are 12 years older, but overwhelmed at seeing him. His daughter has married and named their son, Solomon Northup. Tears flow as they gather around him and welcome him home. A series of title cards explain that he attempted to sue his kidnappers but failed. Northup became an abolitionist and aided many runaways in achieving their freedom. 
 American Horror Story (2011 )651) An anthology series centering on different characters and locations, including a house with a murderous past, an insane asylum, a witch coven, a freak show circus, a haunted hotel, a possessed farmhouse, a cult, the apocalypse, a slasher summer camp, and a bleak beach town and desert valley. Physical and psychological horrors affect a decomposing family, workers and residents of an insane asylum, a coven of witches, a cast of circus freaks, the employees and guests at a struggling hotel, a family who moved into a mysterious farmhouse, the members of a small suburb in Michigan, the surviving members of the Apocalypse and the counselors of a creepy summer camp in this haunting anthology series, focusing on the themes of infidelity, sanity, oppression, discrimination, addiction and exploitation. This is a horror series in which every season tells a different story. The first season is about a haunted house and the family that has moved into it. The second season centers around an insane asylum and a man who is wrongly accused of murdering several women, including his wife. The third season tells the story of a coven of witches trying to figure out who their new "supreme" is. The fourth season is about a "Freak Show" and the lives of its performers. The fifth season is about the employees and guests at the Hotel Cortez, a building made as a secret torture chamber in the 1920s. The sixth season is about a farmhouse near Roanoke, North Carolina, that is besieged by the ghosts of the infamous lost colonists and other strange happenings. Erica Adina Amaral This is a horror television anthology series. Each season is conceived as a self-contained mini-series, following a disparate set of characters and settings and a story line with its own beginning, middle and end. While some actors and actresses appear for more than one year, they usually play completely different roles in each season. ahmetkozan A house haunted by murderous spirits, a Catholic insane asylum from the 1960s, a coven of witches, a freak show starring some truly twisted characters, a hotel filled with serial killers run by a vampire countess, an isolated haunted shack that may hold the secrets to the disappearance of the Roanoke colony, a cult on the rise after the 2016 Presidential election, an outpost that hides the few survivors of the Apocalypse and a summer camp targeted by a serial killer. Every new season comes all new, wholly American terrors in this interconnected modern horror anthology series. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Created by Ryan Murphy, of Glee and Popular, American Horror Story is an FX original series. Described as an anthology series, AHS chronicles fictionalized haunted locations, the living and the dead who interact within them. Each season has its own self-contained storyline and characters and it has been posed that each season will introduce a new location as well as new characters and storylines. Premiering in October 2011, the first season focused its sights on a struggling family of three who move into a new house in LA. Each of them soon learn the house's demonic secrets as well as the violent and selfish spirits within its walls. American Horror Story: Asylum begins in 1964 at the fictional mental institution, Briarcliff Manor, following the stories of the staff and inmates who occupy it, and intercuts with events in the past and present. Returning cast members from the previous season of the series include: Sarah Paulson, Frances Conroy, Jessica Lange, Dylan McDermott, Evan Peters, Zachary Quinto and Lily Rabe. The season garnered seventeen Primetime Emmy Award nominations, more than any other show. The performances of Jessica Lange, James Cromwell, Zachary Quinto, Sarah Paulson, and Lily Rabe were particularly praised. Cromwell won the Emmy for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Miniseries or a Movie, as well as Quinto and Paulson winning their respective supporting categories at the 3rd Critics' Choice Television Awards. The third season primarily follows the antics and events of a Coven of Salem descendants who reside within a boarding school, Miss Robichaux's Academy, centered in New Orleans, Louisiana. The Academy is run by headmistress Cordelia Foxx (Sarah Paulson), who has always lived in the shadow of her mother, Fiona Goode (Jessica Lange). Fiona is the Coven's "Supreme", a witch born every generation who embodies countless gifts and magical abilities, namely, the Seven Wonders of Witchcraft; the Supreme is the head of the Coven. Danger lurks inside the Academy's past due to the mysterious butler Spalding (Denis O'Hare) and his relationship with Fiona. The entire Coven is assessed and evaluated by the Council of Witchcraft, which includes Fiona's old rival and Cordelia's mother figure, Myrtle Snow (Frances Conroy). The season is set in Jupiter, Florida in 1952,[7] centered around one of the few remaining freak shows at the time, as its members do anything to keep the business alive.[8] The season focuses on the conflict between the freaks and the "evil forces" who do not understand them.[9] 
 Glass (2019)541) Security guard David Dunn uses his supernatural abilities to track Kevin Wendell Crumb, a disturbed man who has twenty-four personalities. After pursuing Kevin Wendell Crumb and the multiple identities that reside within, David Dunn finds himself locked in a mental hospital alongside his archenemy, Elijah Price. The trio must now contend with a psychiatrist, who is out to prove they do not actually possess superhuman abilities. vsuperkuns Following the conclusion of "Split", "Glass" finds David Dunn (Bruce Willis) pursuing Kevin Wendell Crumb's (James McAvoy) superhuman figure of The Beast in a series of escalating encounters, while the shadowy presence of Elijah Price (Samuel L. Jackson) emerges as an orchestrator who holds secrets critical to both men. Nearly two long decades after the life-altering events in Unbreakable (2000) and the grotesque emergence of the powerful "Beast" persona in Split (2016) , the now-grizzled avenger of the innocent--David Dunn, or "The Overseer"--still tries to track down the Horde and the elusive kidnapper, Kevin Wendell Crumb. However, a mysterious new adversary in the person of the determined and silver-tongued psychiatrist, Dr Ellie Staple, has made it her mission to convince David, Kevin, and Raven Hill Memorial's wheel-bound brittle-boned inmate, Elijah Price, that the delusional super-humans are, in fact, mere mortals. Now, the stage seems set for the ultimate revelation, against the backdrop of an imminent deadly confrontation. Is there a moment of life beyond what fate has predestined? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Nearly 20 years after turning in Elijah Price to the authorities at the end of "Unbreakable" (2000), David Dunn has embraced his superhuman vigilante ego dubbed "The Overseer" and is aided by his now adult son Joseph. After apprehending two male delinquents who have assaulted a man for views on the internet, Dunn returns to his business of "Dunn Home Security". It is revealed that he is hunting after Kevin Wendell Crumb/The Horde/The Beast after the events of his exploits in the events of "Split" (2016) which in this timeline occurred 3 weeks ago. Upon returning home, David struggles with the fact that his wife left him, not able to cope with her husband's superhuman exploits and beliefs. Meanwhile, Kevin Wendell Crumb/The Horde has kidnapped a small group of cheerleaders and holds them hostage, preparing to feed them to the Beast in an abandoned factory. Dunn walks through the streets the next morning, brushing against people who pass him by in the crowds in order to see into their past and deduce who the Beast is. He brushes against the nine-year-old personality of Kevin and sees a flashback of him speaking to corpses of young women his ego the Beast had just killed. That night, while Kevin transforms into the Beast and presumably attacks a group of homeless people, Dunn dons the rain-slicker overcoat of the Overseer and arrives at the factory. After freeing the girls, he is attacked by the Beast who is quicker and more agile than him. But Overseer is stronger than the Beast, and when the Beast attempts to crush him, Overseer leaps out of a nearby window, causing them both to land in the streets below. The two rise up and charge each other once more but are stopped by a group of police led by a mysterious woman who encourages Dunn to give himself up to avoid hurting officers of the law. The Beast is reduced to a confused and scared Kevin by the flashing lights that the police have. The two are then arrested and brought to Raven Hill Memorial Institution. Joseph watches helplessly as his father and Kevin are placed in holding cells. Dunn is placed in a room with water sprinklers which will go off if he attempts to escape. Kevin is held in a room with hypnosis lights meant to flash should he ever show outright forms of violence. Also in the Institution is Elijah Price, still serving his time for bombing the Eastrail 177 in order to find David Dunn and discover his powers of physical invincibility. The mysterious woman from earlier reveals herself to be Dr. Elle Staple, a psychiatrist. Elle Staple tries to convince the men that they are normal people with compulsions of grandeur but consistently fails. She then tries to appeal to Price's mother, Joseph Dunn, and Casey Cooke, former victim and friend of Kevin, but fails again. Staple gives the men three days to be convinced that they are deluded figures and not superhumans, otherwise they will be brought to trial for their crimes. Staple then calls Dunn and Kevin into a room to test their psyches. However, a seemingly dormant and unresponsive Elijah Price (still wheelchair-bound from the broken spine he received from his fall down a flight of stairs in "Unbreakable") is wheeled in and brought alongside the men, much to David Dunn's disgust in being associated with him. During the meeting, Staple recalls Kevin's past abuse from his mother which spurred the transformation of the Horde, as well as the time David was nearly drowned in a swimming pool which nearly killed him--the first time water was revealed to be his kryptonite. She then tests Price's psyche by recalling a time in which he broke his arm on a ride at a carnival, bringing to mind the extreme fragility of his bones. Later that night, Elijah Price breaks free from his cell and meets with Kevin who is in his "Patricia" personality. After an intelligent discussion, Elijah Price reveals that he has not been taking his sedative medication, instead hiding it inside his wheelchair, thus keeping his wits about him and remaining sharp as ever. He encourages Kevin/Patricia to meet with him the next night and show him the "Beast." Before Price leaves Kevin/Patricia asks what his name is. Price turns his head and replies, "First name Mister...Last name...Glass." Upon returning to his room, Price is captured by Staple who performs a pre-frontal lobotomy on him knowing that his genius must be quelled before he can put any plan into motion. The seemingly brain-dead Price is brought back to his cell but suddenly comes alive and kills his caretaker by slashing his throat with a shard of broken glass. It is then revealed that Price had planned to be caught by Staple, and had sabotaged the machine earlier should the operation be conducted on him. Price then escapes to Kevin's cell and deactivates the "hypnotic lights." He and Kevin make their way to a secret room where Kevin transforms into the Beast and looks over Price, discovering that he has been broken. The Beast immediately takes a liking to Price but not before Price explains his plan to have the Beast and the Overseer battle each other at the top of the just-erected highest skyscraper in the city of Philadelphia. It is there that the whole world will see and discover that superheroes do indeed exist. The Beast agrees and helps Price make his way through the facility. Price then communicates with David in his cell and explains that he had deactivated the water sprinklers. He encourages David to escape but David initially refuses. Price then explains that should David refuse to escape and fight the Beast, Price will blow up a chemical company, killing many people. Having no other choice, David reluctantly breaks down the door, dons his rain slicker, and runs out of the institution. Price and Beast begin by confronting an orderly who had maltreated Price years earlier. The Beast crushes the orderly and forces him to kneel before Price before beating him to death as Price watches, shaking his head at the man's stubbornness. The Beast then wheels Price through the halls, beating down every security force that tries to hinder them. The Beast captures two nurses and forces them into a van where he keeps them hostage. Two police officers show up but the Beast makes short work of them. Price's mother, Joseph, and Casey arrive in time to see the Beast notice the Overseer approaching. Price sits back in his wheelchair and watches in excitement as the Beast charges Overseer and the two engage in a fight. Staple also sees this and calls up security. Casey rushes out, hoping to calm Kevin down but he is too busy fighting Overseer. Price recognizes her as "the one the Beast let go" and smiles in fascination at her. Armed police arrive and separate Overseer from the Beast, but are quickly overpowered. Overseer manages to push the forces attacking him into an enclosed compartment before locking them in while the Beast manages to kill and eat some of his attackers. Overseer frees the nurses the Beast held hostage before being attacked by the Beast. Price had informed the Beast that the Overseer's weakness is water and directed him to a water tank the institution uses. Joseph intervenes and explains to Kevin that Kevin's father was on the Eastrail 177 as well which Price had destroyed, thus killing Kevin's father and creating the Beast. Upon hearing this, Price is overcome with delight and amazement upon realizing he created both a superhero and a supervillain, and declares himself a mastermind. The Beast thanks Price for creating him, but then explains that he must protect Kevin at all costs--right before breaking Price's collarbone. Overseer tries to distract Beast from Price, saying that his fight is with him, which Price finds amusing. The Beast then punches Price in the chest, breaking his ribs which in turn pierce his lungs and mortally wound him. Price exclaims with pain and falls out of his wheelchair, dying upon the ground. The Beast flings Overseer/David Dunn into the water tank and fights him in there, easily overpowering him. Dunn manages to break through the wall and the two splash out onto the institution's lawn. The water from the tank pours out as well and fills a nearby pothole. The Beast says to Dunn that they will finish their battle at the top of the skyscraper and begins running off in that direction. Staple convinces Casey to calm the Beast down to avoid any other violence and she agrees. Casey catches up to the Beast and appeals to him, causing him to calm down and revert to the innocent Kevin. Once his defenses are down, a sniper shoots Kevin in the stomach now that the bulletproof skin of the Beast is gone. Kevin bleeds out and begins dying. More police forces show up and Joseph asks them to help his father as he is very weak. One of the security forces grabs David and drags him over to the water-filled pothole, forcibly drowning his face in it. David is too weak to fight back and is easily overcome. Staple arrives and orders the guard to wait as she grabs David's hand. He then sees a flashback to her life in which she is a member of a secret society monitoring the actions and works of superhuman beings, quelling them should they draw too much attention. She tells David that if she convinced him he was human she would have let him live, but Price's and the Beast's machinations prevented that. She then leaves and David realizes his true insignificance as the guard repeatedly bashes David's face into the puddle, ruthlessly drowning him. Kevin dies in Casey's arms, finally finding the light and finding peace in the safety of his friend's arms. Elijah lays dying in the parking lot, a broken and pitiful mess. Staple arrives and tells him that she and members of her following have suppressed superhuman masterminds to retain a safe society preventing overarching divides of "gods" among men. After Staple leaves, Elijah Price's mother kneels over her dying son. Price explains painfully that he was not a mistake to which his mother smiles proudly at him saying, "No. You were spectacular." Price smiles wryly and dies peacefully. Believing her mission a success, Staple deletes the footage of all the security cameras which recorded the fight between Overseer and Beast. However, upon closer examination she realizes that Price had hacked the computers and livestreamed all the events to a private network. Thus, it was never Price's plan to escape the facility and force the Beast to battle Overseer at the top of the skyscraper, as such a plan would be too elaborate. His plan and everything he had worked for was now a complete success. Staple leaves the security room and screams in anger realizing her failure. Price's mother, Joseph, and Casey receive copies of the footage and upload it, revealing it all to the public in the Philadelphia skyscraper. The film ends with them sitting together as the videos of Overseer and the Beast and their fantastic feats are relayed and spread to everyone's feed and the daily news, revealing the world of superheroes to the public. The main title of "Glass" appears on the screen one last time and the end credits are laced with shards of glass through which scenes from the film as well as the previous films of "Unbreakable" and "Split" connecting the whole story together. 