nm0011816:

 Makinavaja (19951997)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Knots (2003)Summaries Pep Gran, owner of a fish market, is still very much in love with his wife after 40 years. Without telling her, he hires a life insurance. After his death, in strange circumstances, the insurance company does not want to pay. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Unconscious (2004)Summaries In 1931 Barcelona, Alma is perhaps the most modern woman of her time. Her father is the most prestigious brain surgeon in the country. Her husband is also her psychiatrist, and a disciple of a certain revolutionary doctor called Freud. In 1913 Barcelona, Alma is perhaps one of the most modern women of her day. Her husband, Dr. Leon Pardo, is a psychiatrist. This summer, he visited Vienna and became a follower of the revolutionary Dr. Sigmund Freud and his advanced theories about hysteria and sexuality. It all starts the afternoon Alma comes home and finds her husband in tears, about to disappear from her life and everyone else's. Giving no more explanation than a few incoherent mumbles, Leon runs off, leaving Alma alone and about to give birth. Salvador, Alma's brother-in-law, is also a psychiatrist; he is much more conservative than Leon--and deeply in love with Alma. The only clue they have is a manuscript about hysteria and female sexuality based on four patients: an actress with a persecution complex; a psychotic woman who tried to murder her husband; a woman with a serious crisis concerning her sexual identity; and a stranger who has discovered a terrible secret about her past. Following those signs, Alma and Salvador start a Sherlock-Holmesque adventure where hypnosis, love, danger, and every imaginable taboo are all intertwined. Tornasol Films It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The Hours of the Day (2003)Summaries The gray and monotonous life of Abel takes place between a small family shop selling unisex clothes, his dates with his girlfriend Tere, his mother's house, a friend's kiosk and the neighborhood bars. Always the same problems, the same faces, the same conversations. However, under the appearance of calm and affable man, Abel hides a dark, violent and sickly personality. jsanchez It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 