nm0003612:

 Police Story 2 (1988)321) The Hong Kong supercop must stop a group of blackmailing bombers, while the villains of Ging chaat goo si (1985) are out for revenge. Despite his success at apprehending criminals, Kevin Chan's unorthodox approach to his work as a police officer sees him demoted to the traffic branch. Despite this, the man he put behind bars is now out of prison, and has vowed to make his life a misery. While this crime boss his harassing Kevin and his girlfriend, the police are contemplating reinstating Kevin to help them fight a group of bombers attempting to extort $10 million from building owners. Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. &#12298;&#35686;&#23519;&#25925;&#20107;&#32396;&#38598;&#12299; Inspector Chan Ka-Kui has been demoted to highway patrol as the result of his handling of his previous case (in the first Police Story movie), which involved the violent arrest of crime lord Chu Tao. The new duty pleases his girlfriend, May, who is glad that her boyfriend is no longer taking difficult cases and has more time to see her. However, the happy mood changes when Ka-Kui is greeted by Chu Tao and his bespectacled right-hand man John Ko. It seems Chu Tao is terminally ill with only three months left to live, so he's been released from prison, and while he's still alive he vows to make life difficult for Ka-Kui. John Ko and some henchmen show up at Ka Kui's apartment and intimidate him, baiting the policeman to attack. Later, May and her mother are beaten by John Ko and his men. Ka Kui can no longer hold back, and he lashes out against John Ko and his men at a restaurant. Ashamed of his behavior, Ka-Kui resigns from the Royal Hong Kong Police Force. He plans to take a trip to Bali with May, but while he's at a travel agency in a shopping mall, some police officers see him and report that the mall is under a bomb threat. Unable to resist the urge to get involved in police work, Ka Kui tells the officers to sound the fire alarm and have the mall cleared, and agrees to take responsibility for the decision. A bomb does indeed explode, and the entire mall is leveled by the blast. Ka-Kui is praised for his efforts, and he is reinstated and assigned to solve the case of the bombing. Ka-Kui plants a covert listening device in the mall property company's office to try and learn more about the bombers. This leads to a suspect who is a deaf-mute and is a fierce martial artist and explosives expert. The bombing gang, aware that the police are on to them, plan a simultaneous bombing of the property company and the police headquarters. They double their ransom demand to $20 million and kidnap May, luring Ka-Kui into a trap in which he's strapped with an explosive vest and forced to pick up the extortion money from the property company. However, after handing off the money, Ka-Kui is able to drive his car into a tunnel so that the bomb he's wearing can't be activated, and he strips off the vest. He then goes to rescue May, who's being held in a warehouse full of fireworks. Ka-Kui again faces the deaf-mute man, who throws small firebombs at him. Ka-Kui then gains the upper hand and brutally retaliates against the mute man, finally throwing him off a third storey catwalk onto a pile of plastic drums below. Ka-Kui then rescues May and departs the warehouse, just as it explodes in a huge ball of fire. 
 The Era of Vampires (2003)321) In 19th century China, an evil monk awakens a nest of vampires hell-bent on devouring human life. Now, a quartet of heroes and their master must use their unique powers to destroy the Vampire King and its lethal coven before it's too late. Martial arts/horror movie from critically-acclaimed Hong Kong filmmaker Tsui Hark. In 19th century China, an evil monk awakens a nest of vampires hell-bent on devouring human life. Now, a quartet of heroes trained in the Taoist Mao Shan school of magic and their master must use their unique powers to destroy the Vampire King and its lethal coven before it is too late. Anonymous Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Prologue. In 17th century rural China during the Ching dynasty, when a dead body isn't resting in peace, chemical and physical changes can build up, allowing it to leave the grave in the form of a zombie, feeding on the flesh of humans. Over time, the zombie will turn into a vampire. If you are bitten or scratched by a zombie, you can recover. But if you are bitten or scratched by a vampire, you will become a vampire. Only a handful of skilled warriors dared to challenge these mystical demons of the night. This is their story. Master Mao Shan [Ji Chun Hua] and his disciples are out hunting zombies and vampires when they come upon the disturbed grave of a general. Master Shan jumps into the grave to see whether the general's body is still there and to destroy it if it is. No such luck. The general has turned into an immensely powerful vampire with the ability to suck the life and blood from a human without even having to bite him. As the priests fight the vampire, their torches suddenly ignite the methane gas around them, sending the whole area up in flames. Three months later. Master Shan is still missing. Guided by their vampire-detecting compass, four of his disciples -- Wind [Lam Suet], Thunder Ken Chang], Rain [Michael Chow], and Lightning [Chan Kwok Kwan] -- are searching the night for vampires when they come across the Jiang estate. They notice wedding caterers going inside the gates. Master Jiang's son is getting married. Wind, Thunder, Rain, and Lightning follow the wedding caterers inside. Once inside, they are mistaken by the butler for hired labor and put to work, right after being renamed Kung (Wind), Hei (Thunder), Fat (Rain), and Choi (Lightning). Young Master Jiang [Wang Zhen Lin] has been married six times. Each time, his wife has died shortly after the wedding. The morning after this marriage to Sasa [Anya], however, it is Young Jiang who is dead, bitten by a cobra. Master Jiang [Yu Rong Guang] asks the four "workers" to remain in his employ and to find and destroy the snake that bit his son. Thunder is most eager to remain. He's seen and fallen in love with Sasa. Rumor has it that the Jiangs are fabulously wealthy and have much gold hidden away somewhere in their house. In fact, even as the wedding was underway, hired robbers were on their way to the Jiang's house, planning to break in and make off with the gold. As they rode their horses through the forest to the Jiang house, however, they were attacked by a vampire. Of the half dozen robbers, only one managed to escape. Dragon Tang [Horace Lee Wai Shing] isn't very happy to see him come back empty handed, for it was he who hired the robbers and he who arranged for his sister Sasa's marriage to Young Jiang. Dragon needs the money to pay off his gambling debts. He's even more unhappy when he hears about the vampire. Now that Sasa is a widow, she wishes to leave the Jiang house. There are many strange things happening there, so she writes to her brother and asks that he please get her out of there. When Jiang learns of Sasa's desire to leave, he assumes she is lonely. You won't be lonely, he explains and shows her how he has preserved her husband in wax. In fact, all the Jiang ancestors have been preserved in wax. And so will you be preserved in wax when you die, Jiang assures her. Sasa swoons. The vampire-detecting compass keeps reading that there are vampires in the area, but so far Wind, Thunder, Rain and Lightning have been unable to find them...until they make their way into the family crypt and find dozens of Jiangs, all perfectly preserved in wax. Could one of these be the vampire, wonders Thunder? While leaning on the wall, Rain suddenly presses a lever that opens a chest filled with gold. They have stumbled on the Jiang fortune. Meanwhile, the butler has sold out to Dragon Tang, giving him information about the Jiang household, the gold, and the waxed ancestors as well as the fact that it was Jiang himself who made up the story about there being vampires around. The butler suggests that Dragon hire the Zombie Wrangler to wake up the waxed ancestors. While all these dead ancestors are hopping around, keeping Jiang busy trying to round them up again, Dragon can simply walk in unnoticed and make off with the gold. After meeting the Zombie Wrangler [Chan Koon Tai] and his chiang shih, Dragon goes along with the plan. Jiang is angry with the four disciples for sneaking a peek at Sasa while she was bathing, and he does a bit of fighting with them until he realizes that these guys are too well-trained in the martial arts to be simple servants. Now the truth comes out. They admit that they are vampire hunters. Jiang scoffs at the idea of vampires in his area and informs them that it was he who made up the whole story about vampires in order to keep the robbers from his door. If they are really vampire hunters and if they can help him eliminate the problems that shadow his family, Jiang says that he will adopt one of them as his godson and heir to the fortune as well as allow him to marry Sasa. Thunder immediately offers himself. Jiang laughs. True to his word, the Zombie Wrangler awakens all the dead Jiangs. Jiang thinks that the vampire hunters have awakened his family in order to create a diversion while they steal his gold. But it's not the corpses he should be worried about...it's the powerful vampire who has suddenly shown up. Thunder grabs Sasa, and the two attempt to flee on horseback, hoping to outrun the vampire. Unfortunately, they take a wrong turn and end up at the vampire's grave. Just as the vampire is about to suck out Thunder's blood, Thunder is hit by water. (Vampires can't see you if you're wet.) Thunder looks up to see Master Shan. Thunder places Sasa in a pool of water, then he and Master Shan jump into a well. Unfortunately, there is no water in the well. Just then, it starts to rain. Meanwhile, Jiang is sitting in the family crypt when he hears Dragon and the butler come in. They are looking for the gold, but Jiang is not about to let them get it. As Jiang and Dragon fight, the butler scoops up the gold, but he is bitten by a gold snake. The vampire shows up and kills Dragon and Jiang. Master Shan and Thunder take Sasa to shelter. While she sleeps, Thunder tells Master Shan that he has just married Sasa. Shan tells Thunder how he's been following the vampire for the past several months. Suddenly, they smell smoke. It's coming from a wound on Sasa's leg. Master Shan concludes that Sasa has been wounded by the vampire and will turn into one herself within the next seven days unless she is treated with coffinwood. Meanwhile, back at the Jiang house, the servant girl Ling [Zou Na] stumbles into the family crypt and comes face to face with the vampire. Lightning protects Ling (he's become sweet on her) as Wind and Rain fight the vampire. Just then, Master Shan and Thunder show up. Master Shan notices that the Jiang zombies have been feeding and will soon turn into vampires unless they are destroyed by exposing them to sunlight. Thunder and Sasa see the vampire and run out into the night where they meet up with Master Shan et al. Shan says that the vampire knows they're looking for him. Thunder orders Sasa to find a safe place in town to hide, then they all go off in search of the vampire. They go to the Jiang crypt. Lightning makes the mistake of touching the gold, which is a trap. A net drops over them. Jiang and Dragon then appear, obviously dead. Jiang tells Dragon that he can have all the gold if he'll kill the vampire hunters. As they fight, the vampire shows up. Master Shan says that the vampire has been feeding on Jiang and Dragon and is now superpowerful. After a long, hard battle, Master Shan blows up the vampire with explosives. Unfortunately, Shan gets blown up, too. Epilogue: Now that the vampire is destroyed, it is time for Wind, Thunder, Rain, and Lightning to go their own ways. Thunder and Sasa are returning to her village. Lightning and Ling are going to move into the Jiang house, now that it's empty. Wind and Rain will be staying with Lightning just until they get jobs of their own. [Original synopsis by bj_kuehl] 
 Kung Phooey! (2003)Summaries The chosen one from China's mystical Shur-Li Temple embarks on a hilarious quest in this high-kicking spoof of kung-fu films from director Darryl Fong. The champion fighter, Art Chew (Michael Chow Man-Kin), is sent to America by his master on a mission to find a mystical peach that holds the power of eternal life. Assisted by a distant cousin, his best friend, Roy Lee (Colman Domingo), and the comely Sue Shee (Karena Davis), Art travels to the U.S. and must outwit the evil Helen Hu (Joyce Brew) and her henchment in order to complete his mission and earn the eternal respect of his wise, bald Masters. Kung Phooey is Bruce Lee meets Naked Gun in an outrageous spoof with martial arts action and knock-out laughter for the whole family! Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Meng Bo (1996)Summaries Mr. Mumble gets fired for failing to show up in time for a hostage mission. Out of a job, he meets a wandering girl and takes her in not knowing she is the daughter of a triad boss. She is hunted and Mr. Mumble becomes her bodyguard. An action comedy about a sharp shooter from the S.W.A.T team (SDU) in Hong Kong who gets fired for failing to show up in time for a hostage mission because he was womanizing at a local disco. Out of a job, he meets a beautiful wandering girl, at his friend's pub and takes her in not knowing she is the daugther of a triad boss. She is hunted and Mr. Mumble becomes her bodyguard. At first, she is disgusted with the fact that Mumble was always trying to get into the sack with her. But when danger arises, Mumble utilizes his special skills to serve and protect. At the end, does Mumble get his woman? Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 