nm0008174:

 Layali ibn awa (1989)Summaries Syria, 1967, rumors of war. Abu Kamel, a peasant who farms tomatoes near Latakia, bullies his family. One by one, each rebels against him or finds a route to break away. One daughter marries, another has a clandestine relationship with a cobbler too fearful to ask Abu Kamel for her hand. A son away at university (at great cost to his parents) turns his back on his father's values and his father's plans; another son breaks a family taboo and turns to the army for a new start. The youngest wants to go to the city to study. Abu Kamel's long-suffering wife, Moti'an, may be called away. Tomato prices fall; jackals howl at night. Kamel needs a new center. Can an old dog learn new tricks? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Two Moons and an Olive Tree (2002)Summaries The film's story revolves around a child who has psychological problems (Adel), and the head of the family is disabled due to a severe injury he suffered in the Palestine War, so he became a seat and was unable even to perform his marital duties so that the wife continues to suffer from a double disadvantage, as she began bearing the burdens of raising her children, and assumed responsibility for the home In her entire role, she also plays the role of the father, and brings out unfamiliar forms of cruelty coated with a kind of maternal love that she cannot curb while shaving her son who sucks his thumb, plucking his hair, and her daughter (Amira) is punished by shaving her head also because she colluded with her brother. It's a story of innocence and friendship between Adel and Saeed who falls in love with his best friend's sister. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Oral Messages (1991)Summaries Set in the north of Syria, a village idiot with an enormous nose (Ismail) falls in love with his beautiful neighbor (Salma), thus he sends his handsome friend - who also falls in love with her- to deliver her oral love letters. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Out of Coverage (2008)Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 