nm0005510:

 Crossroads (I) (2002)321) Three childhood best friends, and a guy they just met, take a road trip across the country, finding themselves and their friendship in the process. Three best friends get together and bury a box, making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation. In the small town in Georgia that they live in, things soon change. One is little miss perfect, one is an engaged prom queen, and the other is a pregnant outcast. On the night of their graduation, they open the box and they strike up a conversation. Suddenly, one brings up the topic of her going to Los Angeles for a record contract audition. They all decide to go together and they leave. With a little money, they set out on the road with a guy named Ben. When one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac, they are all scared of him. When they reach Los Angeles, Lucy (Britney Spears) falls in love with Ben and against her father's wishes, she stays and she goes to the audition. Kara Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three friends (Lucy, Kit and Mimi) get together and bury a box making a pact to open it at midnight at their high school graduation. By the time the girls get to high school, things change. One is Little Miss Perfect, one is an engaged prom queen, and the other is a pregnant outcast. The night of graduation, they open the box and start talking again. Mimi brings up the topic of going to Los Angeles for a record contract audition. They all decide to go together, Lucy to visit her mother (Kim Cattrall) in Arizona and Kit to visit her boyfriend named Dylan in Los Angeles, and they set out on the road with little money in a yellow 1969 Buick Skylark convertible with a guy named Ben. When one of them tells the other a rumor that he might be a homicidal maniac, they are all scared of him. Lucy meets her mother in Tuscon, but her mother is remarried, with two sons. She reveals to Lucy that she never wanted to have her. Lucy then rejoins the other girls and Ben and carries on to Los Angeles. When they arrive, Kit finds out that it was her boyfriend who raped Mimi and got her pregnant, and she punches him. Scared, Mimi falls down the stairs and loses her baby. Lucy and Ben fall in love, and against her father's wishes, she stays in Los Angeles and goes to the audition 
 Twister (I) (1996)541) Bill and Jo Harding, advanced storm chasers on the brink of divorce, must join together to create an advanced weather alert system by putting themselves in the cross-hairs of extremely violent tornadoes. TV weatherman Bill Harding is trying to get his tornado-hunter wife, Jo, to sign divorce papers so he can marry his girlfriend Melissa. But Mother Nature, in the form of a series of intense storms sweeping across Oklahoma, has other plans. Soon the three have joined the team of stormchasers as they attempt to insert a revolutionary measuring device into the very heart of several extremely violent tornados. Martin H. Booda <booda@datasync.com> The year is 1969. In Oklahoma County, thunderstorms roll across an open plain, and in a remote farmhouse young Jo and her family are about to go to sleep, but her father is watching a tornado warning on TV. The TV warns that the imminent tornado may be an F5, the strongest known. Not long after the family reaches the storm cellar the huge twister hits, passing right over top of them & killing her father. 27 years later, Jo is now a storm scientist, trying to develop a tornado warning system with her soon-to-be-ex, Bill Harding. Multiple attempts fail for one reason or another, and their team sees a tremendous amount of damage & death. Then, one time, they find themselves In the damage path of a huge F5 tornado. Can they succeed in launching their test equipment, then escape the deadly storm in time? Medic249a2 When Bill goes to have Jo sign the divorce papers so he can marry his new girl, Melissa, Jo finds a collection of record breaking tornados and Bill follows along, soon his duties shift from divorcing Jo to helping her with record breaking technology to create a better warning system. Joe Kibler <Jkibler01@earthlink.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In June 1969, a young family takes shelter from an impending tornado. The father, in an attempt to save his family, tries to hold the storm cellar door down, but gets sucked into the tornado and killed. Watching in horror are the man's wife and his daughter Jo, who, despite the horror of the storm and losing her father, is entranced by the funnel. The film cuts to the present day and meteorologists at the National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL) are discussing a building storm system over Oklahoma which could produce a record outbreak of tornadoes. Meanwhile, retired storm chaser Bill Harding (Bill Paxton) and his fiance Dr. Melissa Reeves (Jami Gertz) are heading out to meet Bills former storm-chasing team to get the final divorce papers from Bills soon to be ex-wife, Dr. Jo Harding (Helen Hunt) who, since the day her father died, has sworn to hunt down as many tornadoes as possible, not wanting the same fate to happen to someone else. Besides Jo, the team consists of the eccentric Dusty Davis (Philip Seymour Hoffman), Robert Rabbit Nurick (Alan Ruck) navigator, Laurence (Jeremy Davies) photographer, Joey (Joey Slotnick), Alan Sanders (Sean Whalen) Rabbits driver, Tim "Beltzer" Lewis (Todd Field), Haynes (Wendle Jospeher) who rides with Beltzer, and Jason "Preacher" Rowe (Scott Thomson). Jo, who is still in love with Bill, tries to stall because she does not want the marriage to end. Jo then tells Bill she wanted him out on the field because his idea for a tornado-analyzing device called 'Dorothy' has been built. They will put it in the path of a tornado to measure it from inside. Four of the so-called "Dorothy" weather machines have been built. Haynes tells them of storm activity, and they head out. Bills rival team shows up, led by Dr. Jonas Miller (Cary Elwes) with his assistant Eddie (Zach Grenier). According to Bill, Jonas is in the storm-chasing business "for the money, not the science." Bill sees Jonas giving an interview to some local reporters and finds out that Jonas has stolen his idea for the Dorothy weather machine, building his own version called D.O.T. 3, or Digital Orphagraphic Telemeter. Bill accuses him of stealing his idea, but Jonas says it was an "unrealized idea." Bill decides to stay with the team for one day in an attempt to beat Jonas. Bill's team heads out and Bill and Jo have a frank discussion of their marriage. Beltzer notices a small tornado, an F1, touching down in a nearby field and alerts the team. Jo and Bill drive into a ditch to get in front of it, but cannot get out of the ditch as the tornado closes in. They crash into a small wooden bridge and take cover under it. Jo wants to see the tornado up close, but Bill stops her just as the tornado lifts Jo's truck off the ground. Jo's truck falls in front of Melissa, who is driving Bill's truck. She drives around it, narrowly missing a collision. Bill comforts her as Jo inspects the damage and takes some of the sensors from the destroyed Dorothy 1 machine. Jonas' team shows up but is too late to see the storm and keeps driving. Jo, with no truck of her own, manages to convince Bill to use his new truck to haul the Dorothy machines. Bill's team heads out again as Bill, Jo, and Melissa ride in his truck. Another tornado, a slightly larger F2, has touched down, and both Bill's team and Jonas's team are heading to intercept it. Bill believes the tornado will shift its track, and his team heads off on a back road. Bill soon drives onto a bridge and they are caught in some waterspouts, which spin the truck. The team arrives just after the incident and while Jo celebrates with the team, Melissa breaks down, questioning Bill's old lifestyle. The team goes to visit Jo's aunt, Meg Greene (Lois Smith), in the nearby town of Wakita, Oklahoma to rest and eat. Meg tells Jo privately that Jo's marriage with Bill ended because, "He didn't keep his part of the bargain." As the team is watching TV, it mentions an F3 tornado is active, and the team heads out. Bill and Jo drive together in his truck, and Melissa rides with Dusty in his converted schoolbus. They almost crash into Jonas' team in an attempt to beat them. Bill's team attempts to figure out where the tornado is because according to their computers, it is heading towards them on the same road. Bill and Jo realize it is over a hill, and they go through a hailstorm to find it. Upon finding the tornado, Bill and Jo try to set up Dorothy 2, but run out of time. A power pole falls on the truck, ruining Dorothy 2. The tornado then lifts back into the clouds. Jo attempts to gather the scattered sensors, but Bill, realizing that the tornado has not dissipated but is simply back-building, pulls her into the truck as the tornado drops once more. They drive to a safe distance, where Jo jumps out of the truck and again attempts to gather the scattered sensors. She grows angry about Bill's attempt to stop her, but Bill tells Jo she is obsessed to succeed with Dorothy to prevent what happened to her family from happening again. He also tells her he still has feelings for her. Melissa and Jo's whole team hear their conversation over the CB radio. That evening, Bill's team heads to a drive-in theater, where Jo signs the divorce papers, while Melissa is in a motel room across the road watching a weather report of more tornadoes nearby. Dusty is watching the radar. Both Melissa's TV and the TV at the concession stand lose their reception as Dusty warns Bill that an F4 tornado is heading right for them. Everyone takes shelter in the pit of a car mechanic's garage while Jo watches it approach, spellbound, much like she had when she was a girl when her father was killed, until Bill's shouting breaks her trance and she gets the theatre employees to take cover. The tornado obliterates the theater, destroying several of the team's vehicles and Preacher is hurt when he is hit in the head by a flying hubcap. The tornado passes, and the team emerges to inspect the damage. Dusty looks at the radar to find that the same tornado is now heading directly for Wakita. Bill tells Melissa they are leaving to check on Aunt Meg, and Melissa peacefully breaks up with him, saying that she does not want to compete with his need to chase tornadoes. She tells him she is not at all upset about breaking up, knowing that their relationship would have ended sooner or later, and assures Bill that Jo needs him more. Upon arriving in Wakita, they find the town is destroyed, and Jo realizes there had been no warning. Bill and Jo find Megs home on the verge of collapse. Upon entering, they find Meg pinned underneath a bookshelf. Jo and Bill rescue her and her dog Mose before the house collapses. Meg manages to escape the tornado with nothing more than "a bump on the head" and a broken wrist, and is taken to a hospital. Before leaving, she tells Jo that she needs to succeed to make sure what happened to Wakita doesn't happen again. Dusty listens to the radio, hearing that meteorologists are predicting rare F5 tornadoes. Jo comes up with a way to make Dorothy work while watching some wind chimes. She has Bill's team fabricate pinwheels out of aluminum cans, and attaches them to the sensors with screws to make them fly. A few hours later, as dawn begins to break, Bill and Jo come alongside a huge, mile-wide F5 tornado in the countryside. They put Dorothy 3 on the road in front of the tornado and then back up, but the winds push Dorothy around, and then a tree knocks Dorothy 3 over, scattering the sensors. The storm turns toward Bill and Jo, and they attempt to drive away. They become stuck when a tree wedges underneath the back end of their truck. A tanker fuel truck is pushed along the road toward their truck by the tornado, and knocks them free before exploding. Bill drives around the wreckage through the fireball, narrowly avoiding catastrophe. Bill drives ahead of the tornado, dodging as it drops farm vehicles on the road in front of him. They end up driving through a small house that is rolled by the tornado onto the road. As Bill and Jo drive away, Jonas and Eddie ride to intercept the tornado and place their D.O.T. 3 pack. Jo and Bill, noticing that Jonas is driving too close to the tornado, warn him to change course but he ignores them. Eddie wants to heed Bill's warning, but Jonas orders him to keep driving. The tornado hurls a section of a TV tower through their windshield, impaling Eddie. Both teams watch in horror as Jonas's truck is lifted up by the tornado and thrown into the ground where it explodes, killing both Eddie and Jonas. Bill and Jo then conclude there is one last option left. They head toward a new intercept point, turn on Dorothy 4 without releasing it from its moorings on the truckbed, and then drive the truck straight at the tornado. With the truck on cruise control they jump out, letting it drive into the center of the tornado where it successfully deploys Dorothy 4. The team starts to celebrate as the Dorothy sensors work, analyzing the inside of the tornado, but then notice the tornado shifting. Bill and Jo notice it as well and flee to a nearby farm. They first take cover in a barn, but it is filled with sharp metal tools. It destroys the barn, and they dodge debris as they run to take cover in a small outbuilding. They find metal pipes inside this shelter and tie themselves to the pipes with leather belts. The tornado destroys the structure, and they are pulled upside down while anchored to the pipes. They manage to see the inside of the F5 tornado as it passes over them. It is filled with lighting and a smaller tornado in the core. Seconds later, the entire storm dissipates, and the family from the farm comes out of their underground storm shelter and observe their damaged farm. Bill and Jo debate who will run the lab and who will analyze the new data from Dorothy while the rest of the team arrives. The movie ends with Bill & Jo reconciling their relationship with a kiss, while the team celebrates their accomplishment. 
 Notting Hill (1999)541) The life of a simple bookshop owner changes when he meets the most famous film star in the world. Every man's dream comes true for William Thacker, an unsuccessful Notting Hill bookstore owner, when Anna Scott, the world's most beautiful woman and best-liked actress, enters his shop. A little later, he still can't believe it himself, William runs into her again - this time spilling orange juice over her. Anna accepts his offer to change in his nearby apartment, and thanks him with a kiss, which seems to surprise her even more than him. Eventually, Anna and William get to know each other better over the months, but being together with the world's most wanted woman is not easy - neither around your closest friends, nor in front of the all-devouring press. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> William Thacker (played by Hugh Grant) is a bookseller at a shop in the Notting Hill district in West London, who shares a house with an eccentric Welsh friend, Spike (Rhys Ifans). One day, William is minding the store when in strolls Anna Scott (Julia Roberts), a lovely and well-known actress from the United States who is in London working on a film. She buys a book from William, and she is polite and charming in the way a famous actress would be with a star-struck sales clerk. Their relationship would logically end there, if William didn't run out a few minutes later to buy some juice. While dashing back to the shop, he bumps into Anna on the street, spilling juice all over her blouse. Since he lives nearby, William politely offers to let her stop by his house to clean up; since William seems harmless enough, Anna agrees. When Anna has to stop back to pick up a bag she left at William's house, they kiss -- just in time for Spike to show up. A romance slowly blooms as his friends and family (not to mention the world at large) wonder out loud what he's doing dating a movie star. William Thacker, a travel bookstore owner working and living in Notting Hill, is barely making ends meet. He needs to rent out part of his house, his lodger whom he considers the "stupidest git" in the world. His personal life is equally in shambles as although he has a small group of dear friends, who are on the most part as equally unsuccessful professionally as him, he is divorced - she left him - with no prospect of love on the horizon. His life changes when into his bookstore walks American Anna Scott, arguably the most famous and attractive movie actress in the world. Against the odds, Anna and William become friends with the possibility of romance between the two on the horizon. But the odds of moving their relationship to that final stage are still stacked against them as they live in two different worlds, Anna's under constant public scrutiny of the gossip hungry press, who, along with the public at large, know that Anna is already in a personal relationship with equally famous movie actor, Jeff King. Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A lonesome man William Thacker, was walking on the small village but busy street of Notting hill in London, as he always spends his life every day. He is on his way to his house with a blue door who he shared with his wife but left him for man that made his life he called strange half-life. When he went home, his friend and housemate named Spike asked him for help for what he is going to wear for his date, he wears different kinds of funny shirt and asked him which the best is. William find his last shirt was fine than the other. But when Spike turned around, there's a funny quote written in it that makes William laughed. After a few days, on Wednesday, he is going to his little travel bookshop who owned by him, he didn't know that, that is the day that his life will change forever. While he is in the counter and checking his small sales, his gay assistant named Martin, felt sorry for their negative and very low income. William felt a little bit disappointed, and Martin asks him a cup of cappuccino to make him feel a little better, then he went out to buy it. When he went out, suddenly a woman customer came in. William gazed at her who is in the book shelves looking for books to buy. He noticed that the woman was no other than Anna Scott, the most famous film actress in the world. He was amazed when he saw her, he suggested her nice book to be read but Anna didn't show any interest, and then suddenly, when William glanced at the CCTV camera, he saw that someone has shoplifting his books. He leaves Anna for a while and confronts the shoplifter. When the shoplifter saw Anna, he asked her for an autograph. Anna wrote in the autograph that he belong in jail. Anna bought a book and William gave her an extra free book. Anna thanks him and walks away. William was still can't believe about his encounter with Anna Scott. When Martin came back, he told him that he will not going to believe who came in. Martin asked him if it is someone famous. But William didn't say it was Anna Scott. After a moment he went out to buy an orange juice. While walking back, in unexpected event, he was accidentally bumped into Anna Scott and the orange juice was spilled in Anna's clothes. She was upset, and then William asked her if it's okay for her to clean up in his house that right over there. Anna refused and was able to go, but William insisted, then she asked him how many yards is his house. Then William said its 18 yards and he situated his house with a blue door. When Anna finds it near, she went with him. When they entered the house, William felt embarrassed because his house was so messy; he fixes it quickly and tells Anna to go upstairs to clean herself. When she got changed, William felt amused when he saw her wearing her new clothes. He offered her for a cup of tea or coffee but Anna refused. He tried to offer her something to eat but Anna said no. Anna wants to go; he had no choice just to let her go. Anna thank him for his help, When she is about to go out, William told her "Nice meeting you, surreal but nice," Anna just smiled at him and went out. When he closes the door, William felt unsure for his 'surreal but nice' comment. Then after a while, the doorbell rang, when he opens it, he can't believe that it was Anna, she said that she forgot her other bag, she let her in. William gave it to her, and they stared to each other's eyes, and in unexpected way, Anna suddenly kissed him and he kissed her back. After their kissing, William said sorry for his surreal but nice comment, and then suddenly, Spike came in but he didn't notice that the girl who was with William was Anna Scott, he just passed by her. Anna asked William not to tell his friend about her, then she bids goodbye and she went out. William was delighted and can't believe for his brief kissing with Anna. That night he watch Anna's movie in DVD with Spike. He can't still believe that he kissed her and he was starting to fall in love with her. One day in his shop, after talking to a weird customer, a bus passed by with Anna's huge picture in it, William felt so in love. After a few days, he asked Spike if he has a message for today, and then Spike said it's her mom who called and no one else. William asked him if he is sure that no one else has message him, and then Spike said he has a message two days ago, it was from American girl by the name of Anna. William was stunned and asked him what did she said. Spike told him that she said to call her at Ritz hotel, then that moment, William called her immediately, but the hotel personnel said that there's no such name that check in, then Spike told him that Anna gave another name, its Flintstone. William uttered the word Flintstone to the personnel, and then he connects William right away to Anna's suite. Then he talked to her, he asks her to go out for a cup of tea or something but Anna invites him to come over to her suite instead, William felt good and couldn't believe it. He was excitedly went into Anna's hotel, but when he got there, he was surprised when Anna's analyst greeted him and asked him from what magazine are he from. William didn't know what to say, then he glance at the Horse and Hound magazine that lay in the table, and then he pretended that he is from Horse and Hound. Then the staff accompanies him in the waiting area, and there are so many journalists there who were waiting for they turn to interview Anna Scott, about her new movie. They thought that William is one of them. After a moment, the analyst called him and it was his turn to enter Anna's suite. When he entered, he saw Anna standing there and he said "Hi'. He gave her flower, and they sat down, but they can't able to speak because Anna's PR manager was there, that's why William invented things to say even not relevant. When her PR went out the suite for a while, they got chance to talk. Anna said sorry for the kissing thing, and asks him if he is okay. William said he is okay, William said that he is like dreaming when he met her. Anna just smiled at him, and then he tried to ask her if she is busy tonight, but Anna said yes, she has a thing to do. William felt sorry for that. After a moment his interview time was up and the PR asks him to go. When he is about to go home, Anna's analyst told him that he need to interview the other cast of the movie, so William interview them even without knowledge at all, after interviewing several cast, William felt tired and wants to go home, but suddenly, the analyst called him again and he was about to say no, but he was surprised when he went back to Anna's suite. He was surprised when Anna told him that she is not busy anymore and she can spend his time with him, then William felt great and fantastic, then he remembers that it was his baby sister's birthday tonight. He thought Anna wouldn't want to come, but Anna said that it's fine and if it's okay for him that she can be his date on her sister's birthday if he wants to. William was amazed. That night on his friend's house was his sister's birthday will took place, his friend named Max who owned the house and his handicapped in a wheelchair wife named Bella, Max said that William called him and he is bringing a girl. Bella asks him who it was, but Max said William didn't mention the name. After a while, the doorbell was ringed, Max opened the door but he didn't notice Anna right away because his cooking was burnt, he went back to the kitchen immediately. Then William introduces Anna to the couple, the couple was shocked when they saw her, they were speechless and offer her some wine. Suddenly, William's sister named Honey arrived, and she can't believe when she saw Anna. Honey approached her and phrases her, she said that William is a nice guy and they can be sister, Anna just smiled at her and gave her gift. After a moment, another friend came in, his name is Bernie. He asks her some question unknowingly that she is Anna Scott. When Anna went to the bathroom, that was the time that they talk about her, they asked William how did he met Anna Scott. When Bernie finally found out that it was Anna Scott, he felt ashamed for asking her silly question. They eat dinner and share their moments together, Anna was amazed when she saw their friendship, they are just like one family. After the birthday party, when Anna and William went out, they shouted for joy and can't believe that they acquainted with Anna Scott. William took Anna in the park, and there they talk a lot of things, since then they start seeing each other. One day, they watched movies and had dinner. While having dinner in a restaurant, they heard a group of men sitting in the other side of the table; they are talking about Anna Scott. At first, they were delighted for what they had said about her, but in the middle of their conversation, it seems like they talking not nice about Anna, when William overheard it, he approached them and asked them to stop criticizing Anna Scott, the men just laughed at him and told him that he is just one of Anna's fan. Anna told him not to mind them, but suddenly, Anna approached them and show herself, the men's jaw was dropped when they saw her and felt ashamed. When the two were at the front of Anna's hotel where she is staying in, she asked him if he wants to come up, then William was glad and of course said yes. Anna said she will go up first. After a while, William followed and knocks at Anna's suite, and when it opened, he was stunned when he saw Anna with another man, the man was Anna's boyfriend named Jeff who came from America to surprise visit her. William felt jealous. Jeff asked who is he, and then he said that he is just a room service. Jeff asked him to take away the dirty dishes and he gave him tip, Anna felt sorry for him. William went home very heart broken. Since then, William's life was never being the same again. He didn't get Anna out of his mind, he is always thinking about her. He was madly in love with her and he can't get over with. He talked to his sister and friends about her relationship with Anna, and he told them that Anna has a boyfriend. His friend told him that Anna was a goddess and it's hard to fall in love with a kind of a girl like her, he is just hurting himself. They advised him to move on and see another girl. They tried to introduce different girls to William to forget about Anna Scott, but whatever he do, he never want anyone but Anna. He tried to forget her but he can't, his feeling was devastated and frustrated. But one day, someone bells on his door, and when he opens it, he was surprised that it was Anna, but she looks awful. William comforts her. Anna told him that she wants a place to stay, and William happily offers his house. William became happy again. They get bond together and helps Anna to memorize her script. Then one night, finally they made love. William gets more in love with Anna. But the next morning, when William got from bed, the doorbell rang, and when he opens it, he was stunned when a lot of lights of the camera flash on him; it was a hundreds of paparazzi was outside his house. He immediately shut the door, then Anna asked him who it was, and she opens the door too. And she was shocked when cameras flash on her. Anna felt bad and upset, she argued with William and hates him, Anna doubted that William told someone that she was in his house, but William said he didn't tell anyone, and he is trying to explained but Anna wasn't believe in him, she was also upset that the paparazzi seeing him wearing in his underwear and it was going to be a big news about her. She called her PR manager to pick her up and she immediately left William. Then again, William felt devastated. William life back to normal but the pain was still in his heart. He never see her again. Her sister came to his shop and handed him a paper with address of Anna's agent in London, that he may contact to track Anna, her sister knew that he still thinking about Anna all the time, she wanted her brother to bring her back, but William think twice and he decided to put the paper in trash. Six months later, they had dinner at their friend's broke restaurant named Tony, and they comfort him for being broke. Then Bernie announces that that he was fired in his job. They felt sorry for him too, and then his sister Honey made also an announcement that she will get engaged, and everyone was surprised especially William, actually it was Spike she engaged with. Then William told them sorry for his behavior for the past six months and he was happy now, but the truth is, he was not. That night they partied even if they are not so cheerful, Tony played piano with sweet tune while Spike danced sweetly. Suddenly, Max told him that he read in the newspaper that Anna Scott was in London to do a filming. He shows the newspaper to William and he can't believe that Anna was in London. Next day, William went to the set to see the glimpsed of Anna. When he got there, the guards doesn't want him to get in, but he saw Anna standing from the afar, he wave at her and she wave back and approach him, then the guards let him in. Anna was about to talk to him but her analyst called her to do her scene, she asked him to wait for her. Then William waited, the analyst asked him to hear the dialogue through headphone so he will not get bored. While William was listening to the dialogue of Anna, after the scene, Anna's co-actor ask her, who is the man who came and waiting for her. Anna said that it was just a guy from the past and she didn't know what he is doing there. And when William heard it, he felt hurt and disappointed. He walks away without telling her. After a few days, while William was in his shop, Martin told him that he has a delivery, William told him to get it by himself, but Martin said that the delivery was for him. And when he came out at the counter, he was surprised when he saw Anna, she brought a gift to him, and (it was a painting). Anna said that yesterday was her last day of filming in London and she will about to leave for America, she just want to see him a little or a lot maybe. But William said that he heard her through headphone. Anna said that she can't say the truth to anyone about her feeling. William doesn't know exactly what to say, and then Anna said something that puzzled him. She said, "I am just a girl, standing in front of a boy asking him to love her," when William heard this, he was immobile and don't know what to react, and Anna said goodbye. William went to his sister and friends, and he told them what had happened, his friends felt sorry for him, they felt that Anna loves him but he turned her down. And then suddenly, William realized his mistakes for not getting her back. Then he asked Max how fast is his car, he wants to go after Anna who about to leave London that day. They all rode in Max car to support William. They squished theme self in Max car. But they were in the traffic jam. Spike get off and help them to pass through the traffic jam, until they got away, when they got into the hotel. They found out that Anna was not there anymore, William ask the personnel where is Anna, but he didn't want to say it because its confidential, William tried to say Anna's different name, like Bambi, and then the personnel finally told him where is Anna. He said that Anna was in Savoy Hotel doing her press conference before going to airport. They went there right away. As he enters the hall, hundreds of journalists surround Anna Scott, and asking her some questions. One of them ask Anna when she will leave, and then Anna said she will leave today. After a few more questions, Anna's PR asks them for one last question, they raises their hands and one of them was William. The PR picked him to asked Anna. Then Anna saw him. He asked her a question, regarding about him. His sister and friends was waiting for her answer. Anna stares in his eyes and said that she will forgive him. William felt relief and smiles at her. Then Anna asks her PR to call again the journalist who asks her when she will leave, and then when she was asked, she answered "indefinitely". William was delighted and the people notice that he was a guy in Notting hill who were Anna stayed with. The cameras focus on him with his happy emotion. From then on, Anna was back in his arms again. 
 I Heart Huckabees (2004)Summaries A husband-and-wife team play detective, but not in the traditional sense. Instead, the happy duo helps others solve their existential issues, the kind that keep you up at night, wondering what it all means. Married couple Bernard and Vivian Jaffe operate their own detective agency. They're not ordinary detectives, but existentialist detectives whose clients want them to discover some deeper meaning of life. Their latest client is Albert Markovski, the poetry spouting, bicycle riding founder and director of the Open Spaces Coalition, whose raison d'tre is the opposition of suburban sprawl in protecting open spaces. Their latest project is opposition to the construction of a Huckabees outlet on some suburban marshland, it a big box retailer. Brad Stand, a flashy Huckabees sales executive, is trying to seize control of the coalition to thwart Albert. Albert, who only "stumbled" upon Vivian and Bernard's agency, wants them to discover not anything related to work - in fact, he wants them to stay clear of his work altogether - but the meaning behind his encounters with a young, thin, tall black man, who he's run into in three different, unrelated situations. Regardless of Albert's request, Bernard and Vivian do look into his work in needing to see all aspects of his life, in the process Brad also hiring them in his continued takeover of all things Albert, which affects Brad's beautiful but insecure girlfriend, Dawn Campbell, the voice and image of Huckabee's latest marketing campaign. Bernard and Vivian further believe that both Albert and another of their existing clients, firefighter Tommy Corn, would benefit from being each other's "other". Tommy, whose wife does not understand him, believes all the world's problems are the result of petroleum. Tommy has recently come to an epiphany in reading Caterine Vauban's book he thought was given to him by Bernard and Vivian, but she who is really Bernard and Vivian's rival, a Frenchwoman come to infiltrate their cases. That epiphany, Caterine's theory, is that nothing is coincidental, she using science to back her theory. That epiphany may indeed be the center of what is happening as this collective tries to come to some meaning not only with the issues that brought them to Bernard and Vivian, but of what happens between them. Huggo Determined to solve the coincidence of seeing the same conspicuous stranger three times in a day, Albert hires a pair of existentialist detectives, who insist on spying on his everyday life while sharing their views on life and the nature of the universe. Benjamin Conway It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 