nm0011763:

 Tough Enough (1983)321) A C and W singer has a family to support so he boxes at a TOUGHMAN amateur boxing contest, hoping to win $5000 and maybe go on to the nationals and sing on national TV. An aspiring country/western singer, whose money is disappearing faster than his career opportunities, enters a "Tough Man" amateur boxing contest to earn some cash to pay his bills. Amazingly enough, he wins it, and is picked to go onto the national finals. He's torn between his first love, music, and the glitz, glamor and money of the "Tough Man" world. frankfob2@yahoo.com Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. At Torreyson's nightclub in Fort Worth, Texas, fight promoters James Neese (Warren Oates) and Tony Fallon (Bruce McGill) judge a wet T-shirt contest. They select three young women to serve as "ring girls" at the following night's "Toughman" event, in which amateur boxers compete for a $5,000 prize. Afterward, country singer Art Long (Dennis Quaid) takes the stage, but his performance is interrupted by a group of hecklers. Art knocks out all three with a single punch as the crowd cheers in approval. He returns home to his wife, Caroline (Carlene Watkins), who suggests he forsake his musical aspirations and focus on his lucrative job as a tree-trimmer. Art storms out of the apartment and spends the night playing his guitar. In the morning, Art vents his frustration to his father, Bill Long (Wilford Brimley), who agrees with Caroline. However, Art believes he is too young to abandon his dream and chooses to quit his job instead. To earn money, he enters the Toughman contest, and is dubbed "the Country and Western Warrior" by James Neese. Art telephones Caroline to say he will be home late with no further explanation, but assures her that their marriage is not in jeopardy. At the Cowtown Coliseum, Art meets fellow musician Paul Thomas "P. T." Coolidge (Stan Shaw) in the locker room. P. T. compliments Art on the previous night's performance and gives him advice on how to win the Toughman competition. As the event begins, Neese introduces the 32 contestants, sixteen of whom will compete the following night for the local championship. Both Art and P. T. emerge as finalists, but when Art returns home, Caroline expresses concern that he is risking his life. Their toddler son, Christopher (Christopher Norris), interrupts, saying he had a nightmare, and Art comforts the boy with a humorous song. The next day, Neese and Fallon determine Art to be their most "marketable" contestant and decide to eliminate P. T., the only serious contender, on a technicality. Although P. T. is disappointed by the decision, he coaches Art to victory against an Albanian giant named Tigran Baldasarian (Steve 'Monk' Miller). However, when Art collects the prize money, he declines Neese's offer to enter the national championship in Detroit, Michigan, for a prize of $100,000. Neese argues that Art has commercial appeal, and promises him the opportunity to sing on national television. Art is skeptical until the promoter explains that he needs "a singing Toughman" to sway public opinion against the politicians and boxing commissioners who oppose the competition. Outside the Coliseum, Art encounters P. T. and his girl friend, Myra (Pam Grier). He invites P. T. to coach him in Detroit for a percentage of the winnings, and Myra, a Detroit native, offers to board them at her family's home. Myra and P. T. spend the night in Art's van, while Art shares the news of his victory with Caroline. She is overjoyed at seeing the prize money, and despite her opposition to boxing, she agrees to make the trip to Detroit. In the morning, Caroline leaves the apartment to run errands while Art sleeps. When she enters the van, Myra mistakes her for an intruder and screams, while P. T. tries to calm the situation. Later, the two couples laugh about the incident over breakfast, and Art gives P. T. 20 percent of the prize money. After leaving Christopher with his grandparents, the four travel to Detroit, where Art and Caroline join Neese on a television talk show with several other contestants and their spouses. Neese uses the show as a platform to defend his enterprise against its detractors, but also keeps his promise to Art by allowing him to perform a song. On the first night of the championship, Art faces a tough opponent named "Grappling" Gay Bob, and he wins on a technicality. The next day, Art signs a contract with Crystal Records, prompting Caroline to suggest he forfeit the championship. When Art refuses, Caroline accuses him of having a violent nature and refuses to support his decision. That evening, Art defeats three opponents before facing a powerful contender named Truman Wall. Neese advises Art to intentionally lose the fight or risk serious injury, which would reflect badly on the promoters. He produces a copy of Art's recording contract and reveals that Crystal Records is a subsidiary of James Neese Enterprises. Despite his disillusionment, Art is determined to face his opponent. As he enters the ring, Art is reassured by the sight of Caroline seated with his father, Bill, in the stands. During the opening round, Art's concentration is compromised as he composes a song in his head. He endures two punishing rounds until the song is complete, then knocks out Truman Wall in the third. After he is declared the winner, Art staggers into the crowd to embrace his wife and father. 
 Cape Fear (1991)541) A convicted rapist, released from prison after serving a fourteen-year sentence, stalks the family of the lawyer who originally defended him. Imprisoned for brutally assaulting a young girl, Max Cady spends his time in jail wisely - reading literature, sculpting his body to perfection and planning his violent revenge on the defence lawyer who put him behind bars. After serving his fourteen year sentence, Cady is released from prison and his rampage begins. BecksyKane Sam Bowden ( Nick Nolte )is a small-town corporate attorney/"Leave It to Beaver" type family-man. Max Cady ( Robert De Niro ) is a tattooed, cigar-smoking, bible-quoting, rapist. What do they have in common? Fourteen years, ago Sam was a public defender assigned to Max Cady's rape trial, and he made a serious error: he hid a document from his illiterate client that could have gotten him acquitted. Now, the cagey, bibliophile Cady has been released, and he intends to teach Sam Bowden and his family a thing or two about loss. James Craver Max Cady ( Robert De Niro ) is a psychopath just released from prison for rape. He is out seeking revenge from his lawyer Sam Bowden ( Nick Nolte ) who he believes deliberately held back important information about his case during the trial, which could have kept him out of jail. He sets off to terrorize Bowden, his wife ( Jessica Lange ) and even goes after their 15 year old daughter ( Juliette Lewis ). Sami Al-Taher <staher2000@yahoo.com> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Danielle Bowden (Juliette Lewis) narrates her thoughts about the Cape Fear River, not wanting to relive the past. The past begins with, Max Cady (Robert De Niro) being released from prison. His body is covered with tattoos about vengeance. Across town, Danielle helps her mom Leigh (Jessica Lange) with her home business, and Sam Bowden (Nick Nolte) exits a courthouse, talking to Claude Kersek (Joe Don Baker). Their lives later intersect at a movie theater, where Max is behaving badly and smoking. Sam plays racquetball with Lori Davis (Illeana Douglas), but is concerned over his image. Max introduces himself and reminds Sam that he's out of prison, who he blames Sam for his incarceration. Later, Leigh sees Max watching the house at night. The next day, Sam asks Kersek for options. Sam confesses that he didn't defend Max during a case because he was disgusted by the report. Max confronts Sam repeatedly, making suggestive remarks about Sam's family. Sam offeres to pay him off, but Max says no. Max has learned law in prison, and knows how to avoid prosecution. Later, Sam finds that his dog has been poisoned. He suspects Max, but has no proof. Leigh is distraught. Sam talks to Lieutenant Elgart (Robert Mitchum), who tries to harass Max into leaving. Sam punches Max, but Max doesn't respond. Later, Max picks up Lori at a bar and attacks her. Sam goes to see her in the hospital, but she's too scared and embarrassed to testify against Max. Kersey advises Sam to try and trap Max, but Sam refuses. Sam and Leigh argue over Sam's relationship with Lori. Kersey tells Max he should leave, but Max says he's within the limits of the law. Max continues to harass Sam and his family. Kersey offers to hire thugs to beat up Max, but Sam doesn't want to break the law. Max calls Danielle, pretending to be her Drama teacher, and arranges to see her alone in school. They kiss, and later Sam realizes something happened, and arranges for thugs to attack Max. Max turns the table on them and knows Sam was behind it. Danielle seems to be in love with Max. Max hires lawyer Lee Heller (Gregory Peck) to represent him, and has a tape of Sam threatening him. The judge grants a restraining order against Sam, and threatens to disbar him. Sam asks Kersek for a gun, and Kersek realizes that the disbarment meeting (in Atlanta) is a chance for Max to catch Sam's family without Sam. They arrange a trap for Max. Kersek wires the house with monofilament wire, but Max impersonates the maid and strangles him. Sam goes berserk, but Leigh stops him from chasing after Max. The Bowdens flee town, but Max is hiding under their vehicle. Sam and his family rent a boat on Cape Fear River, and Max follows them. Max grabs Sam and cuts the rope mooring them to the shore. He grabs Sam and ties him up, then approaches the girls. Danielle squirts Max with lighter fluid as he lights a cigar, and Max jumps overboard. Max climbs on board and conducts a mock trial, trying to get Sam to admit that he hid evidence during Max's trial. Max orders the girls to undress, but the boat, gryating wildly in the river, knocks Max over. The girls jump off, but Max grabs Sam and they struggle. Sam handcuffs Max to a railing and gets off the boat before it falls apart. Sam and Max fight on the remains of the boat, Max laughing hysterically. Before Sam can kill him, the boat sinks, taking Max with it. The family regroups, and Danielle narrates the ending. 
 Ghostbusters II (1989)541) The discovery of a massive river of ectoplasm and a resurgence of spectral activity allows the staff of Ghostbusters to revive the business. Having lost their status and credibility five years after covering New York City with marshmallow in Ghostbusters (1984) , the once-famous band of spirit-hunters find themselves struggling to keep afloat, working odd jobs. However, when Dana Barrett and her baby, Oscar, have yet another terrifying encounter with the paranormal, it's up to Peter Venkman and his fearless team of supernatural crime-fighters to save the day. Now, once more, humanity is in danger, as rivers of slimy psycho-reactive ectoplasm, and the dreadful manifestation of the evil sixteenth-century tyrant, Vigo the Carpathian, threaten to plunge the entire city into darkness unless the selfless Ghostbusters take action. Can they save the world for the second time? Nick Riganas Five years after the events of the first film, the Ghostbusters have been plagued by lawsuits and court orders, and their once-lucrative business is bankrupt. But when Dana has ghost problems again, the boys come out of retirement and are promptly arrested. The Ghostbusters discover that New York is once again headed for supernatural doom, with a river of ectoplasmic slime bubbling beneath the city and an ancient sorcerer attempting to possess Dana's baby and be reborn. Can the Ghostbusters quell the negative emotions feeding the otherworldly threat and stop the world from being slimed? David Thiel <d-thiel@uiuc.edu> Sidelined for five years since they spectacularly rescued New York City from destruction. the superstars of the supernatural spring back into action when the infant son of single mother Dana Barrett becomes the target of a powerful demonic force. Reunited with the no-nonsense Zeddemore, nerdy nearsighted Louis, and their ever-industrious secretary Janine, the heroes of the hereafter must put a stop to an enormous underground river of slime ready to rot the roots of the entire Big Apple. Now, if your hometown was on the verge of being sucked down into the 10th level of Hell, who else would you call? Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. After saving New York City from the demi-god Gozer, the Ghostbusters (Egon Spengler, Ray Stantz, Peter Venkman, and Winston Zeddemore) are sued for the property damage they caused, and barred from investigating the supernatural, forcing them out of business. Ray owns an occult bookstore and works as an unpopular children's entertainer with Winston, Egon works in a laboratory at Columbia University conducting experiments into human emotion, and Peter hosts a pseudo-psychic television show. Peter's former girlfriend Dana Barrett has had a son, Oscar, with an ex-husband, and works as a restorer at the Manhattan Museum of Art. After an incident in which Oscar's baby carriage is controlled by an unseen force and drawn to a busy junction, Dana turns to the Ghostbusters for help. Meanwhile, Dana's colleague Dr. Janosz Poha is indoctrinated by the spirit of Vigo the Carpathian, a powerful seventeenth-century tyrant and magician trapped in a painting in the gallery. Vigo orders Janosz to locate a child that Vigo can possess, allowing him to return to life on the New Year. The Ghostbusters' investigation leads them to illegally excavate First Avenue at the point where the baby carriage stopped. Lowered underneath, Ray discovers a river of pink slime filling an abandoned pneumatic transit line. Attacked by the slime after obtaining a sample, Ray accidentally causes a city-wide blackout, and the Ghostbusters are arrested. They are found guilty of investigating the supernatural, but before they can be taken away, the slime taken as evidence reacts to the judge's angry outburst and explodes, releasing two ghosts that proceed to devastate the courtroom. The Ghostbusters imprison the ghosts in exchange for the dismissal of all charges and that they be allowed to resume their Ghostbusting business. Later, the slime invades Dana's apartment and attacks her and Oscar. She seeks refuge with Peter, and the two begin to renew their relationship. Investigating the slime and Vigo's history, the Ghostbusters discover that the slime reacts to emotions, and suspect that it has been generated by the negative attitudes of New Yorkers. While Peter and Dana have dinner together, Egon, Ray, and Winston explore the underground river of slime. While measuring the depth, Winston gets pulled into the flowing river, and Ray and Egon jump in after him. After they escape back to the surface Ray and Winston begin arguing, but Egon realizes that they are being influenced by the slime, so they strip off their clothes. They also learn the river is flowing directly to the museum. The Ghostbusters go to the mayor with their suspicions, but are dismissed; the mayor's assistant, Jack Hardemeyer, has them committed to a psychiatric hospital to protect the mayor's interests as he runs for governor. Meanwhile, a spirit resembling Janosz in the form of a nanny kidnaps Oscar from Peter's apartment, and Dana pursues them to the museum alone. After she enters, the museum is covered with a barrier of impenetrable slime. New Year's Eve sees a sudden increase of supernatural activity as the slime rises from the subway line and onto the city streets, causing widespread paranormal activity with ghosts attacking citizens. In response, the mayor fires Hardemeyer and has the Ghostbusters released. After heading to the museum, they are unable to breach the power of the slime barrier with their proton packs. Determining that they need a symbol of powerful positivity to rally the citizens and weaken the slime, the Ghostbusters use positively-charged mood slime, and a remix of "Higher and Higher" to animate the Statue of Liberty and pilot it through the streets before the cheering populace. As they arrive at the museum, the slime begins to recede and they use the Statue's torch to break through the museum's ceiling to attack Vigo and Janosz. Janosz is neutralized with positively-charged slime, but Vigo immobilizes the Ghostbusters and attempts a transfer into Oscar's body. A chorus of "Auld Lang Syne" by the citizens outside weakens Vigo, returning him to the painting and freeing the Ghostbusters. Vigo, now a grotesque beast, momentarily possesses Ray, and the other Ghostbusters attack him with a combination of proton streams and positively-charged mood slime. Dressed in full Ghostbusters attire, Louis attacks the weakened slime barrier around the building with a proton stream of his own. This combination destroys Vigo and changes the painting to a likeness of the four Ghostbusters standing protectively around Oscar. Outside, the Ghostbusters receive a standing ovation from the crowd and, at a later ceremony to restore the Statue, the Key to the City from the mayor. 
 Something Wild (1986)44) A free-spirited woman "kidnaps" a yuppie for a weekend of adventure. But the fun quickly takes a dangerous turn when her ex-convict husband shows up. The uneventful life of the businessman Charles Driggs suddenly changes when he meets the wild and sexy Lulu. When he accepts her offer to drive him back to his office, she instead takes him out of town and on a trip, leaving behind his old life. Posing as a married couple, Charles and "Audrey" (which turns out to be Lulu's real name) visit her mother and her high school reunion. At this reunion they meet Audrey's violent ex-husband Ray, who has just released from prison. When Ray makes it clear that he wants Audrey back, that is when the real trouble begins. Leon Wolters <wolters@strw.LeidenUniv.nl> In New York, the yuppie newly promoted vice-president Charles Driggs meets the sexy and free-spirited "Lulu" after cheating a restaurant for fun. Lulu offers a ride for him in her convertible but she "abducts" Charles and they go to a motel in New Jersey, where they spend the night together. On the next morning, she heads to her hometown in Pennsylvania to spend the weekend with Charlie. When they arrive in her mother's home, she discloses her real name - "Audrey Hankel" - to him and she tells her mother that Charlie is her husband. In the night, they go to her high school reunion posing as husband and wife. But Audrey's ex-husband Ray Sinclair that has just been released from prison on parole meets her in the party. Audrey does not tell Charlie who Ray is and Charlie accepts Ray's invitation to drink some beer with him and his date Irene. After a while, Ray becomes violent, he hits Charlie, and he kidnaps Audrey. But Charlie does not intend to give up on her. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Charlie is the main character. He lives a quiet suburban life and his wife has recently run off with his two children. He likes to live on the edge and tries to get out of paying a check at a restaurant. Lulu calls Charlies bluff and takes him on a wild ride that ends up at a high school reunion in Pennsylvanian. Lulu's ex husband shows up at the reunion to reclaim his wife and decides to teach lulu and Charlie a lesson. The ex-husband is a violent ex-convict and Charlie learns what it's like to live dangerously. The tete a tete between these two adversaries is well played and makes for a delightful story that is a good diversion. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 