nm0011051:

 Hardcastle and McCormick (19831986)Summaries A retired judge and his last defendant follow up on cases that were dismissed due to technicalities. Milton C. Hardcastle was a Judge in Los Angeles County. Mark McCormick, a racing motorist, convicted for robbery, was Hardcastles last case. McCormick was placed under supervision of Hardcastle, and they start to inspect 200 cases that were never closed totally during Milton's judgeship. Wolfgang Klimt <wolfii@leo.org> Milton C. Hardcastle is a tough but honest judge. Over the years, he has had to dismiss nearly 200 cases due to legal technicalities on individuals who were guilty. Now that he's retired, he plans to spend his time hounding them and if they break the law Hardcastle's going to bust them and make sure that it's done right. Now he needs someone to watch his back and the man he has "chosen" is Mark McCormick, a car thief whom Hardcastle once sent to prison, and who is now an aspiring race car driver. McCormick was arrested and brought before Hardcastle. Normally, Hardcastle tells McCormick that in addition to breaking the law, he violated his parole, he would be sent back to prison and this being his third conviction would make him a three time loser. However, Hardcastle tells McCormick of his plans for his retirement, and that he would like McCormick to be his partner. McCormick begrudgingly accepts but if they will make remains to be seen cause McCormick doesn't think that Hardcastle was fair when he sentenced him and he thinks Hardcastle is a royal pain. rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Quantum Leap (19891993)66) During a government experiment into time travel, a scientist finds himself trapped in the past, "leaping" into the bodies of different people on a regular basis and sorting out their problems whilst trying to get back home to his own time. Theorising that one could time travel within his own lifetime, Dr Sam Beckett stepped into the Quantum Leap Accelerator, and vanished. He awoke and found himself trapped in the past, facing mirror images that were not his own and driven by an unknown force to change history for the better. His only guide on this journey is Al, an observer from his own time, who appears in the form of a hologram that only Sam can see and hear. And so Dr Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, striving to put right what once went wrong, and hoping each time that his next leap will be the leap home. Theorizing that a person could time-travel but only from within their own lifetime, Dr. Sam Beckett is hired by the Government and the Military to lead an elite group of scientists to develop a top-secret project which would only be known as "Quantum Leap". Setting up in an underground bunker in the New Mexico desert Beckett is pressured by the top military brass and government officials to prove his outlandish theories correct or lose the funding necessary to continue the project, so Dr. Beckett decides to test out the newly built time machine by going against the wishes of the other scientists and stepping into the project accelerator where he vanishes. Dr. Beckett awakens to find himself in the past having successfully time traveled or leaped (as the series calls it), but he ends up suffering from partial amnesia and doesn't recognize who he is and the face in a mirror is not his own. Fortunately, contact with Sams own time is maintained through brainwave transmissions with Albert "Al" Calavicci, the project observer, who can only appear in the form of a hologram that only Dr Beckett can see and hear. After filling Sam in with the information as to who he is and why he is there and tells him that someone from the past is now in Sams time and that Sam has switched places with that person. The pair deduce that Dr Beckett can only return home by putting something right that once went wrong in that person's life. After fixing the past he once again ends up "Leaping" into a different person's life in another point in history. Dr Beckett realizes that to get home he must help as many people as he can, and ends up hoping each time that he does, that his next leap will ultimately be the leap home. Doctor Sam Beckett led a group of top scientists into the desert to research his theory that a man could time travel within his own lifetime. Unfortunately, in order to save his funding, he was forced to enter the accelerator prematurely and vanished. He then found himself in someone else's body with partial amnesia. His only contact from home is Al, a holographic image only he can see and hear. Setting right things which once went wrong, Sam leaps from life to life, hoping each time that this is the final leap home. Kevin <Kibble@vm.temple.edu> Although the project isn't ready yet, Sam hops into the Accelerator and leaps. As Tom Stratton, an Air Force test pilot, Sam finds his memory Swiss cheesed, with only enough left to know that he is not where or when he belongs. Al explains that the project has gone "a little ca-ca" and that the only way Sam can leap out is by flying the X-2 to Mach 3. Instead, Sam leaps after saving Tom's life, wife and child, only to find that rather than leaping home, he's leapt into Tim Fox, a minor league baseball player in Texas, at the end of the 1968 season, where he must make the winning play in order to leap. Sam Beckett <drgr4000@mailszrz.zrz.tu-berlin.de> Theorizing that one could time-travel within his own lifetime, Dr. Sam Beckett led an elite group of scientists into the desert to develop a top secret project known as Quantum Leap. Pressured to prove his theories or lose funding, Dr. Beckett prematurely stepped into the project accelerator... and vanished. He awoke to find himself in the past, suffering from partial amnesia and facing a mirror image that was not his own. Fortunately, contact with his own time was maintained through brainwave transmissions with Al, the project observer, who appeared in the form of a hologram that only Dr. Beckett can see and hear. Trapped in the past, Dr. Beckett finds himself leaping from life to life, putting things right that once went wrong and hoping each time that his next leap would be the leap home." courtesy of: http://www.quantumleap-alsplace.com/#premise Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Clean Slate (1994)Summaries A private eye who suffers total amnesia every twenty-four hours is deeply entangled in a complicated murder and theft case. Maurice L. Pogue (Dana Carvey) is a private eye with a problem: every morning when he wakes up, he has total amnesia, waking up with a "clean slate". Since he is in the middle of a hot investigation and has a developing romance, this is less than convenient. Reid Gagle It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Moonlighting (19851989)Summaries The quirky cases of a former model and a smart aleck detective who manage a private detective agency. The top model Maddie Hayes was betrayed by her investment adviser who flew with all her money to South-America and began the hard life of a Casino owner. All the unfaithful manager has left Maddie is her house, her unbelievable beauty and intelligence and the run-down detective-agency "City Angels" (renamed by Maddie into "Blue Moon"). Because of her lack of money, she wants to sell the agency, but the houses only detective David Addison tries to convince her to join the agency as the new boss. So Maddie Hayes becomes involved in the work of a real private detective, which means so hard work as to spy upon unfaithful husbands, find missing people or murderers, foil attempts on VIP's lives, stop killers, help lovers and by the way save the world's peace and existence. While doing this Maddie and David try to get used to each other and this way they recognize their complete difference in life-style, humour, amusement and of course in the way how to run a detective agency. Maybe this is why they always seem to us as the perfect couple. Will they become lovers or not? The real thrill of the series you get, hearing the fantastic confusing, charming, frightening and senseless dialogues, seeing Maddie Hayes' eyes and David Addison's smile. Real cracks will be really amazed by Miss Dipesto's rhymes to the telephone. Adrian Schuster & Oliver Philipp <adrians@zedat.fu-berlin.de> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 