nm0005513:

 Coco (I) (2017)651) Aspiring musician Miguel, confronted with his family's ancestral ban on music, enters the Land of the Dead to find his great-great-grandfather, a legendary singer. Despite his family's baffling generations-old ban on music, Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Desperate to prove his talent, Miguel finds himself in the stunning and colorful Land of the Dead following a mysterious chain of events. Along the way, he meets charming trickster Hector, and together, they set off on an extraordinary journey to unlock the real story behind Miguel's family history. Disney/Pixar Young Miguel simply loves music. But his family has a mysterious ban on anyone from their clan performing music. The ban dates back for many generations yet Miguel dreams of becoming an accomplished musician just like his idol, Ernesto de la Cruz. Longing to prove his musical talents, Miguel finds himself in the technicolor Land of the Dead. Along his way, he meets the charming trickster Hector, and together, they set out to find the real story behind his family's mysterious ban on music. DeAlan Wilson - ComedyEcom Rebellious Miguel, a twelve-year-old Mexican boy and hopeful musician, can't understand the family's continuing ban on all music, especially when his icon and the greatest guitar player ever, the deceased Ernesto de la Cruz, is the town's hero. However, when an inadvertent mistake on the sacred Day of the Dead magically transports Miguel to the distant and bustling Land of the Dead, the scoundrel skeleton, Hector, will lead the way through the vibrant underworld to help the young trespasser find a missing ancestor. But can they do it before sunrise? Nick Riganas An aspiring young guitar player, whose family has a classic hate for music, tries to find answers of his great Grandfather, which leads his search to his entrance to Tierra De Muertos, where all dead people get to live if they are remembered well. In there, the boy will not only discover his family's legacy, but his search will lead him to an unexpected truth in this Disney tale about love, hate, death, music, betrayal -- and most of all: Family. Ivo Byrt Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In Santa Cecilia, Mexico, Imelda Rivera was the wife of a musician who left her and their 3-year-old daughter Coco, to pursue a career in music. She banned music in the family and opened a shoe-making family business. Ninety-six years later, her great-great-grandson, 12-year-old Miguel, now lives with Coco and their family. He secretly dreams of becoming a musician like Ernesto de la Cruz, a popular actor and singer of Coco's generation. One day, Miguel inadvertently damages the photo of Coco with her parents at the center of the family ofrenda and removes it, discovering that her father (whose face is torn out) was holding Ernesto's famous guitar. Concluding that Ernesto is his great-great-grandfather, Miguel ignores his grandmother Elena's objections and leaves to enter a talent show for the Day of the Dead. He enters Ernesto's mausoleum and steals his guitar to use in the show, but becomes invisible to everyone in the village plaza. However, he can see and be seen by his Xoloitzcuintli dog Dante and his skeletal dead relatives who are visiting from the Land of the Dead for the holiday. Taking him there, they realize that Imelda cannot visit as Miguel removed her photo from the ofrenda. Discovering that he is cursed for stealing from the dead, Miguel must return to the Land of the Living before sunrise or he will become one of the dead: to do so, he must receive a blessing from a member of his family using an Aztec marigold petal that can undo the curse placed upon him by stealing Ernesto's guitar. Imelda offers Miguel a blessing but on the condition that he abandon his musical pursuits when he returns to the Land of the Living; Miguel refuses and attempts to seek Ernesto's blessing. Miguel encounters Hctor, a down-on-his-luck skeleton who once played with Ernesto and offers to help Miguel reach him. In return, Hctor asks Miguel to take his photo back to the Land of the Living so he can visit his daughter before she forgets him and he disappears completely. Hctor attempts to return Miguel to his relatives, but Miguel escapes and infiltrates Ernesto's mansion, learning along the way that an old friendship between the two deteriorated before Hctor's death. Ernesto welcomes Miguel as his descendant, but Hctor confronts them, imploring Miguel to take his photo. Miguel soon realizes that Ernesto murdered Hctor using a poisoned drink and stole the songs he had written, passing them off as his own to become famous. To maintain his legacy, Ernesto steals the photo and has Miguel and Hctor thrown into a cenote pit. Miguel realizes that Hctor is his actual great-great-grandfather and that Coco is Hctor's daughter, the only living person who still remembers him. With the help of Dante - who turns into an alebrije - the dead Riveras find and rescue them. Miguel reveals that Hctor's decision to return home to her and Coco resulted in his death, and Imelda and Hctor reconcile. They infiltrate Ernesto's sunrise concert to retrieve Hctor's photo from Ernesto and expose his crimes. Ernesto is crushed by a falling church bell as in his previous life, but the photo falls into the water and disappears. As the sun rises, Hctor is in danger of being forgotten by Coco and disappearing. Imelda blesses Miguel with no conditions attached so he can return to the Land of the Living, where he plays a song for Coco that Hctor wrote for her during her childhood. The song sparks her memory of Hctor and revitalizes her, and she gives Miguel the torn-out piece of the photo from the ofrenda, which shows Hctor's face. Elena reconciles with Miguel, accepting both him and music back into the family. One year later, Miguel proudly presents the family ofrenda - featuring a photo of the now deceased Coco and the restored photo of Hctor and Imelda - to his new baby sister. Letters kept by Coco contain evidence that Ernesto stole Hctor's songs. As a result, Ernesto's legacy is destroyed and the community honors Hctor instead. In the Land of the Dead, Hctor and Imelda join Coco for a visit to the living Riveras as Miguel sings and plays for his dead and living relatives. 
 Waiting... (I) (2005)431) Young employees at Shenaniganz restaurant collectively stave off boredom and adulthood with their antics. It's the dinner shift at Shenanigan's. Dan, the clueless boss, assigns Mitch, 22, a trainee, to Monty, the smooth talker who chases girls for one-night stands. Dean, a waiter, also 22, feels that life is passing him by. Dan offers him the assistant manager job and gives him until midnight to decide. Other waiters, cooks, and bus boys have their issues and personalities. Bishop, the dishwasher, is their counselor. During this shift, Monty may learn something, Dean makes his decision, Dan makes a play for the not-yet-18 hostess, customers get their comeuppance, the guys all play the in-house homophobic flashing game, the gals demonstrate why they won't, and Mitch gets the last word. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Over the course of twenty-four hours, from one drunken after work party to the next drunken after work party the following night, the shenanigans of the employees at ShenaniganZ, a strip mall franchise restaurant, are presented. These shenanigans are centered on the restaurant's wait staff, who have the unenviable position of being the primary interface between the other employees, whether it be the bartenders, cooks, dishwashers, buspeople, hostess or manager, and the customers. There are six wait staff working this day. Monty, the alpha male and head troublemaker, is a womanizer who has a penchant for jail bait, he currently having his eye on the new hostess, Natasha, who will not be legal for another week. Serena, Monty's ex-girlfriend, is arguably the one person who can put him in his place. Dean, who has worked as a waiter here for four years since high school and has stayed largely in not knowing what he wants to do, is feeling at a crossroads. He has learned that Chet Miller, with who he took all the advanced academic courses in high school, has just graduated from college with a degree in engineering, while Dean himself has not even managed to graduate from community college. Dan, the loser Manager, offers Dean the position of Assistant Manager, Dean having to weigh the benefits of advancement against possibly turning into another Dan. Amy, Dean's girlfriend, always seems to be stuck with having to serve the worst of the already generally bad customers that frequent the restaurant. Insecure Calvin, who is working a double shift as a favor for his "girlfriend" who wanted a night off, has recently developed a case of shy bladder syndrome. And Naomi is seemingly angry at everyone and everything. A seventh this day is trainee Mitch, who seems overwhelmed by these shenanigans, especially the "penis showing game". Huggo Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Dean is a 22 year old waiter at "Shenaniganz," a restaurant with a colorful crew and an irreverent disdain for the customer. He is stuck in the point of his life which makes him crave more than a crappy job at a restaurant and a couple classes per semester. When he is offered the job of assistant manager, he is forced to consider the potential benefits/disadvantages of accepting, beating himself up over the fact that his high school classmate recently graduated as an electrical engineer -- a fact his mother reminded him of at their lunch meeting at the start of the movie. Along with his roommate, Dean lives in a house that is the constant host of parties for everyone working at the restaurant, which only makes him wonder even more about his place in life. Dean's roommate Monty is an individual extremely concerned with his getting of the poontang, and throughout the course of the movie his comments are lewd, in-your-face reminders of his sexual perversion and infinite coolness. Monty's current objective is the underage hostess at the restaurant, Natasha, who provokes incessantly an occurrence of statuatory rape between the two [however, when the chance does finally arrive for Monty, he wusses out because she is too young]. The movie takes place during Mitch's first day and the nature of things in the restaurant is displayed as Monty tours him around, yet never lets him speak. The "penis-showing game" is the focus of the crew's entertainment -- a game which consists of the male workers showing each other their genitalia in various different shapes and forms. If the other player looks, he gets one or more kicks in the ass. Mitch gets a glimpse of all the characters, including the busboys Nick and T-dawg [two wankstas who hang out by the dumpsters and eat all the vegetables after getting a little green], the bartenders [a sultry lesbian and a sexy lady who is dating the even sexier cook Raddimus -- inventor of the penis showing game and lover of handjobs], the Bishop [the resident philosopher/therapist who also happens to be the chain-smoking dishwasher], Floyd [another cook, though more like a cock], the manager Dan [uptight typical manager --also hits on Natasha], and the waiters/tresses Naomi [bitter little curse of a woman], Serena [sensuous ex-partner of Monty, ridicules him in public about his lacking sexual prowess], Amy [Dean's friend], and Calvin [pushover who can't pee in public bathrooms, and later ends up wetting himself on the couch next to a girl he's trying to impress]. Overall, the movie is about Dean trying to figure out what to do with his life, whether Monty will do Natasha, whether Calvin will ever get laid, and will Mitch ever get to say something. Viewers also get a (admittedly over-the-top for shock value) behind-the-scenes glimpse of restaurant antics. All these conflicts are resolved at the party at the end, which ridicules Dan the manager, since Natasha makes him think he is invited but gives him wrong directions, ridicules Calvin for aforementioned reasons, resolves Dean's whiny crisis, lets Monty know he is afraid to touch a minor, and gives Mitch the opportunity to prove himself to the whole restaurant staff by showing them all "The Goat," the most humiliating position of the penis-showing game. Great movie. 
 Freeway (1996)541) A twisted take on "Little Red Riding Hood", with a teenage juvenile delinquent on the run from a social worker travelling to her grandmother's house and being hounded by a charming, but sadistic, serial killer and pedophile. Little Red Riding Hood for the 1990's: After her mom and step-dad are arrested, 15-year-old Vanessa Lutz decides that instead of once again being put into a foster home, she'd rather go and search for the grandmother she's never met, and live with her. "On the way to grandma's house," (actually a trailer park) Vanessa's car breaks down, and she's picked up from the side of the road by Bob Wolverton, a counselor at a school for troubled boys. Bob slowly earns Vanessa's trust, and eventually convinces her to talk about her sexual abuse at the hands of her stepfather. When Vanessa realizes that Bob is enjoying what she's saying, she realizes that he's "The I-5 Killer," from the news. She tries to get out of his truck, but the inside door handle has been removed... Daniel Aubrey White <white@mortimer.com> 15 year girl runs away from home to live with her grandmother after mom is arrested for prostitution and step dad for molesting her. Along the way her car breaks down, and a respectable, decent looking guy picks her up. Turns out he's the freeway rapist the news keeps talking about and now he's set his eyes on her. However, she shoots him several times and flees. By some miracle, the freeway rapist survives, and the police charge the girl with attempted homicide. The papers have a field day, making her out to be a scumbag and the guy a victim turned hero. But it's not over yet... Humberto Amador Vanessa the main star of the movie lives a nightmare life. Her mother is a whore and her step father a crack head child molester. When Vanessa's mother is arrested again for prostituiton and her step father is taken away for posession of drugs she decides to hit the road and find her grandmother who she has never met. James Jarem <jjarem@gslink.net> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Vanessa Lutz (Reese Witherspoon) is a tough-minded, Deep South-accented, uneducated, illiterate 15-year-old who lives in a poor neighborhood ghetto in Los Angeles. She's currently living in a run-down motel room and being raised by her neglectful, drug-addicted mother, Ramona (Amanda Plummer), who supports them by collecting welfare and working as a prostitute. Ramona's current boyfriend, Larry (Michael T. Weiss) spends his days getting high by smoking crack and sexually abusing Vanessa. When the police bust Ramona for hooking on a nearby corner, they take Larry and Ramona away to prison and leave Vanessa with foster care as an option. When her social worker comes to take her away, Vanessa handcuffs her to a bed and makes off with her car. Before leaving the neighborhood, Vanessa stops to talk to her boyfriend Chopper (Bokeem Woodbine) to tell him that she is leaving town to search for the only family member she knows of, a distant grandmother who lives in Northern California and who doesn't even know Vanessa exists. Chopper gives Vanessa his gun and tells her to pawn it for cash. As soon as Vanessa drives off and is out of sight, thugs drive by and shoot the now-defenseless Chopper dead. The stolen car that Vanessa is driving breaks down on the local Interstate (I-5) freeway just outside Los Angeles, and a man in an SUV pulls over to help her. He identifies himself as Bob Wolverton (Kiefer Sutherland), and tells Vanessa that the car is not driveable anymore. He offers to give Vanessa a ride with him, and she goes with him in his vehicle. After driving a while, Bob gets Vanessa to open up to him and tell him about her life, and she tells him about her broken home, her mother's drug abuse and prostitution, the violence and abuse that she has encountered in various foster homes, and the sexual abusiveness of Larry. At one point, Vanessa shows Bob a photo she keeps in her wallet of her biological father. (The photo used is actually a picture of mass murderer Richard Speck.) After buying her dinner at a roadside restaurant, and pretending to engage her in a theraputic session during the drive, Bob reveals himself to be a notorious serial killer, known by the press as the "I-5 Killer" who has been haunting the freeway and killing innocent young women who walk along it. Vanessa is afraid, but she also becomes infuriated at him for violating the trust she put in him by telling him her life story, and Bob finds that she is not easily intimidated. Furthermore, Vanessa easily identifies the hypocrisy that Bob reveals when he identifies Vanessa and his other victims as "garbage people". "You act like you're on some kind of mission," she tells him, "but you really just wanna get off in a sex type way." The fact that Vanessa is so logical and intelligent, despite her limited vocabulary and background, enrages Bob, especially when Vanessa is more disgusted than afraid when he reveals that he wants to perform sex acts on her body after he kills her. Using her quick wit, she is able to attack Bob and turn the tables on him by diving into the back seat and retrieving Chopper's gun. She forces Bob at gunpoint to pull off of the freeway into a desolate area, where she explains that Bob has proved to her that he is rotten and will only continue to murder women if she does not stop him. Vanessa shoots Bob in the face, and is horrified when she must pull the trigger over and over in order to kill him. When she thinks he is finally dead, she takes his wallet and walks to a nearby diner, where the blood all over her clothes alerts everybody that something is wrong. She is easily apprehended minutes later by the police, who take her into custody. Meanwhile, Bob, who is not dead after all, manages to get to a hospital and get help for his injuries. At a local police station, Vanessa is questioned by two policemen, Mike Breer (Wolfgang Bodison) and Garnet Wallace (Dan Hedaya). At first, Vanessa is cooperative and freely admits to shooting Bob, but she is dismayed to learn that she did not kill him. Although she tells the policemen that Bob is the I-5 Killer, they do not believe her. After making a background check on Vanessa, they discover her long criminal record for a variety of crimes from shoplifting, to arson, and assault and battery, while they tell her that Bob Wolverton is a well known and respected citizen with no criminal record or any history of violence at all. Furthermore, when Breer aggressively questions her, Vanessa reveals a violent temper and she attacks him physically while hurling racial insults at him. At her arraignment, Vanessa refuses to show remorse for her actions, insisting to the judge and prosecutor that Bob is the I-5 Killer (which falls on deaf ears), and when she sees how badly she has wounded Bob, who is now deformed, she reacts with laughter and fury over what he tried to do to her. The judge orders Vanessa to a juvenile detention center until she can be evaluated for her ability to be tried as an adult. While in the detention center, Vanessa meets a sympathetic drug-addicted teen girl named Rhonda (Brittany Murphy), who befriends Vanessa and tries to get her to make out with her. Vanessa agrees, but insists that she will not have sex with Rhonda, "Cause I'm straight." Another girl, a tough Latina named Mesquita (Alanna Ubach), tries to bully Vanessa. Before she can even threaten her, Vanessa attacks Mesquita and bloodies her badly, forcing the matrons to lock her in solitary confinement. While there, she makes a shiv out of a toothbrush to protect herself, and plots her escape. Days later, Vanessa's guards in the detention center write a report recommending that Vanessa be tried as an adult, as her chances for rehabilitation seem to be nil. Meanwhile, Bob and his straight-laced wife, Mimi (Brooke Shields), are hailed by the media as "heroes" for persevering after Vanessa's attack. Detective Breer begins to change his opinion of Vanessa after he and Wallace interview Vanessa's peers and learn of how highly she was regarded. Breer especially is suprised to learn that Vanessa's deseased boyfriend, Chopper, was black, which changes his perspective regarding the racist remarks that Vanessa made to him in her moment of anger. He returns to the crime scene and finds overlooked evidence that indicates Vanessa's story may actually be true. While Vanessa, Mesquita, and two other twin girls are being transferred in a van to the state prison, Vanessa and Mesquita escape by launching a violent attack on the guards using Vanessa's shiv, killing one, maming another, and making off with the van. Mesquita takes Vanessa into her care and gets her a fake ID, clothes, and a gun when they reunite with Mesquita's boyfriend. She and Vanessa share a moment of bonding, and Mesquita tells Vanessa that she only tried to intimidate her so that Vanessa would "put out for her." They laugh, and Vanessa tells Mesquita that she'd put out for her any day. With that, Vanessa and Mesquita go their seperate ways. Meanwhile, Wallace and Breer obtain a search warrant and invade Wolverton's home to search for evidence. When they unlock a small shed in back of the house, they discover all sorts of lurid items, including a large stash of child pornography and various trophies from his victims. Mimi then realizes that her husband really is a serial killer, and she suddenly commits suicide in response. Bob returns home and sees his house surrounded by police cars, so he quickly drives off to avoid capture. (In his earlier encounter with Vanessa, he had apparently obtained a photo of the grandmother, with her address written on the back.) Vanessa uses the clothes that Mesquita gave her to pose as a prostitute, luring a john into a secluded area and then robbing him at gunpoint. After forcing him into his car trunk, Vanessa drives off in the man's car to where her grandmother lives. At the same time, Wallace and Breer figure out where she is going and hope to intercept her before Bob can get to her. When Vanessa arrives at her grandmother's home, which is actually a trailer in a run-down trailer park (lacking the wicker basket that she had with her earlier in the story), she finds that Bob has killed her and is hiding in her bed while dressed as her. After a vicious struggle, Vanessa kills Wolverton by strangling him to death. Detectives Wallace and Breer arrive too late to stop the confrontation. They eventually enter the trailer to find Wolverton and Vanessa's grandmother both dead, and an exhausted and emotionally broken Vanessa is beside herself who puts up her hands and surrenders to the two detectives. However, the detectives appear to exonerate Vanessa when they both begin laughing, and Vanessa follows suit. Vanessa asks the officers: "Y'all got a cigarette?" 
 Legally Blonde (2001)Summaries Elle Woods, a fashionable sorority queen, is dumped by her boyfriend. She decides to follow him to law school. While she is there, she figures out that there is more to her than just looks. Elle Woods ( Reese Witherspoon ) has it all. She's the President of her sorority, a Hawaiian Tropic girl, Miss June in her campus calendar, and, above all, a natural blonde. She dates the cutest fraternity boy on campus and wants nothing more than to be Mrs. Warner Huntington III. But, there's just one thing stopping Warner ( Matthew Davis ) from popping the question: Elle is too blonde. Growing up across the street from Aaron Spelling might mean something in Los Angeles, California, but nothing to Warner's East-Coast blue blood family. So, when Warner packs up for Harvard Law and reunites with an old sweetheart from prep school, Elle rallies all her resources and gets into Harvard, determined to win him back. But law school is a far cry from the comforts of her poolside and the mall. Elle must wage the battle of her life, for her guy, for herself and for all the blondes who suffer endless indignities everyday. vanessawhistler1971@hotmail.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 