nm0003426:

 South Tunnel (2000)Summaries At the age of 18, Willful Swann comes home to find his brother-in-law once again beating his sister while his 6 month-old niece sleeps in the next room. After making sure his sister and niece are safe, Will takes justice into his own hands. On his 33rd birthday, Will is released from The Atlanta Penitentiary with nowhere to go and no one to turn to. A mysterious letter about his father's suicide some 25 years earlier send him into the heart of Tennessee on a journey into his past, to the town of his childhood, and ironically to his future. In the small, almost forgotten town of South Tunnel, tucked away in the hills of Tennessee, Will meets a philosophical mechanic who "happens to wear dresses", a single mother who runs the local boardinghouse and is raising her dauntless 8 year-old son on her own, a drunken country songwriter who sells his hit songs for 25 bucks and a beer, and a host of other local yokels. In this unlikely yet true-to-life mix of characters, Will learns a thing or two about acceptance, courage, reparation, and coming home. Joseph Baldwin It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 It Had to Be You (2000)Summaries Two strangers meet and fall in love during the weekend that they are planning their respective weddings. Charlie Hudson, a retired crisis negotiator for the NYPD, is engaged to Claire Parker, a beautiful and successful business woman. Claire has planned a weekend in New York registering at Bergdorf Goodman, staying at The Plaza Hotel, etc., laying the foreground for the ensuing wedding. Due to an unexpected business opportunity, Claire is called away. Anna Penn, a school teacher, is scheduled to register for her wedding with fiance' David Allen, an advertising executive, who is unable to partake in the weekend. Consequently, Charlie and Anna end up spending the next three days planning their respective weddings together. Over the course of the weekend they consult with an embittered cast of wedding advisers who, while helping them plan, simultaneously deconstruct the institution of marriage as a whole. Henry Taylor, Charlie's old partner and best friend, drowns himself in his police work and embraces an addiction with alcohol to escape his personal loneliness. Tracey Meltempi, Anna's best friend, is a sexy, vibrant hair dresser, who is weary of Anna's decision to resign from her high expectations of finding "crazy love," and settle with David. By the end of the weekend, what started out as a weekend of shopping becomes a weekend of self discovery that will change each other's life forever. Neither Anna nor Charlie can go on with their lives as they had planned. As a result, fate brings them back to each other. Four injured souls cross paths in their search for truth and in the process heal one another. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Race for Glory: The Story of Drill Team Racing (2004 Video)Summaries It started in the 1600's. Brutal races between fire departments to get "first water" on a fire. It has evolved into a technically advanced, super-intense competition between New York volunteer fire departments. Drill Team Racing pits teams against the clock and against each other in high-speed, dangerously competitive events using ladders, hoses, bucket brigades and racing trucks that even NASCAR would envy. Race for Glory captures all the action, injuries, excitement and disappointment of Drill Team Racing. Quotes from the Guys: "It's important to preserve the legacy of what this is." "Nowhere in the world do they do what we do." "If you gotta ask why I do it, then you'll never understand." "I've got two saves. I've pulled two people out of buildings and I'm sure they don't care whether I'm volunteer or paid." Joseph M. D'Albora Drill Team Racing is an exciting athletic competition having roots in the early days of New York City firefighting. What started out as brutal races between fire componies to get "first water" on an actual fire has evolved into a technically advanced, extremely intense competition between New York volunteer fire departments. Drill teams race against the clock in events using ladders, hoses, bucket brigades, and racing trucks that NASCAR would envy. Race for Glory: the Story of Drill Team Racing takes you into the world of this very unique brand of firefighter. Joseph M. D'Albora It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Code Name: Eternity (1999)Summaries Ethaniel, an alien creature from a distant galaxy, takes on human form in order to capture the rogue alien David Banning. Now Ethaniel must learn about our world: how we think and how we relate to each other. Dr. Laura Keating assists Ethaniel in his understanding of the "human" way while he pursues Banning. Ethaniel knows Banning's secret goal lies in the brain of Thorber, Ethaniel's missing brother. A brilliant scientist, Thorber originally worked with Banning but fled after discovering Banning's real scheme: the ultimate destruction of all human life on earth. Joined by Byder, a rebel hooked on conspiracy theories, Ethaniel and Dr. Laura Keating set out on their mission. Forging a powerful interspecies alliance, Laura and Ethaniel risk their lives and their emotions, including their growing love for each other. Danger, romance and suspense abound. Anonymous It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 