nm0004692:

 A Knight's Tale (2001)541) After his master dies, a peasant squire, fueled by his desire for food and glory, creates a new identity for himself as a knight. Inspired by "The Canterbury Tales," as well as the early life of William Marshall (later First Earl of Pembroke), this is the story of William, a young squire with a gift for jousting. After his master dies suddenly, the squire hits the road with his cohorts Roland and Wat. On the journey, they stumble across an unknown writer, Chaucer. William, lacking a proper pedigree, convinces Chaucer to forge genealogy documents that will pass him off as a knight. With his newly-minted history in hand, the young man sets out to prove himself a worthy knight at the country's jousting competition, and finds romance along the way. Anonymous After the untimely death of a jousting knight in the middle of a match, the knight's peasant squire William Thatcher dons the dead knight's armor and with the help of his two friends complete the match and wins the jousting tournament. As the trio leave the tournament and head home, Will convinces the two friends that he can change his stars by entering other jousting tournaments and becoming a real knight. Geoffrey Chaucer an unknown writer who they meet along the road agrees to forge Will's papers of royal genealogy and becomes his Herald. This starts them on a journey filled with deception, peril, love and failure as Will meets a beautiful princess, faces a most daunting and evil jousting opponent and forces Will to comes to grips with his humble beginnings. Randy Slagle When a knight dies during the recession of a fight, one of his squires, William Thatcher, disguises himself as his master in order to win the prize money of the tournament. He wins the fight and decides to, together with his fellow squires Wat and Roland, take on a new false identity as a knight and make a living winning tournaments. On their way to a tournament, they meet Geoffrey Chaucer, a poor writer who joins the group. The quartet then keep traveling through England and France, fighting in tournaments. J. Rieper Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. (As it was said, may contain SPOILERS. Well, I guess.. that's ME, as this is my favorite movie and my Favorite Actor died at my same age of 28, HEATH LEDGER) The film takes place in the medieval times and contains many anachronisms, as it contains music and wordings that do not fit those times. It started with 3 faithful & loyal squires: Roland ( Mark Addy ), Wat ( Alan Tudyk ) and William ( Heath Ledger ). As they are on their way to Victory, all 4 together with the Knight took a little rest and when Roland came to his lord (their knight) he found out that he is no longer breathing and is already dead. They no longer have the chance to participate in the final round of Jousting, (a sport during the Medieval times). William took the armor vest and wore it to join the jousting, where he won consecutively. Together with the 2 squires, he trained himself the use of Sword and Lance as it may be his edge for such game. When they are on their way to a place were there is a Jousting and Sword competition, they encountered a writer, Geoffrey Chaucer. He joined the three and he stood as the Herald of Sir Ulrich Von Lichtenstein from Gelderland, the name William has adopted to pose as a nobleman. Geoff presented Ulrich to the panel and told them that Sir Ulrich will compete for Sword and Jousting. As Ulrich was wandering around that area, singing, he saw a beautiful lady ( Shannyn Sossamon )and he followed her. Insisting for her name, the lady asked if he would care if she is ugly. Ulrich was speechless. Ulrich had just finished his first jousting round, when a man approached him and he said that he was there because of Ulrich's Herald. He found out that Geoff had a serious gambling problem. He was unclothed by two men as his punishment. Ulrich asked the two men to release him and give him back his clothes and repay them after the game. They then released Geoff and on their way out, Geoff said that he actually is a writer, he lied before and has gambling issues. Ulrich started to compete with the sword just after they talked. People were so impressed, as he gains consecutive wins. He's proclaimed a Sword Champ. Prepared for another jousting, Sir Ulrich pointed to Geoff the woman he liked, it's the woman he saw while he was roaming in the crowded area. Geoff commented that Ulrich is so ambitious and is going too far now. William persists to ask the lady her name. The lady didn't say her name, instead she said, "You Persist?" Another knight was sitting beside the lady, Count Adhemar ( Rufus Sewell ) and humiliated him about the suit of armor Ulrich was wearing and of how Ulrich says his name. Ulrich was pissed, he left and went on to his game. During one of his games, he faced the Black Prince of Wales and hit him with 2 points. Realizing that the competitor belongs to royal blood, Ulrich calls it a draw and spared Prince Edward. He impressed the crowd with his fearless fight and merciful judgment. Even Count Adhemar and his Herald were impressed. From one of his games, he had a very strong hit on the chest and his vest needs to be fixed. They went to several blacksmiths, but the blacksmiths asks for a "money-down-to-fix". One of the blacksmiths suggested they try approaching the Lady Farrier just next to them and see what she can do. Kate, the Lady Farrier, also refused and said that she doesn't work for free, but when she felt that she was underestimated by the other blacksmiths, she took Ulrich's vest and successfully fixed it. Before the game starts with Count Adhemar as his contender, the lady's maid approached William and said she had a message from the lady. The lady wished to tell William that her name is Lady Jocelyn and handed over a piece of cloth. William accepted it gratefully and was inspired. With two consecutive nice hits to Count Adhemar, and Adhemar not hitting Ulrich, he decided to hit Ulrich on the face and flash of William's memory went on during his childhood with his father, wishing that one day he'll change the stars and he'll be a knight. When the game ended, Count Adhemar picked up the piece of cloth that Ulrich had dropped. Adhemar handed back the cloth to Lady Jocelyn and she left without a word. After winning, Ulrich paid Geoff's penalty to Simon the Summoner ( Steven O'Donnell ) and Peter the Pardoner ( Jonathan Slinger ) from Rouen. Kate commented that the armor which Ulrich was wearing was not originally made for him, and she offered to make new armor. Ulrich asked how much would it cost. She said it would cost nothing, but instead take her as far as Paris. Ulrich refused and said that they walk alone, then asked her to take her gold (a payment for the vest fix). As they were packing up their stuff, Geoff suggested to them that they should stay and Ulrich should attend the dance party. Ulrich and Geoff had an argument about whether he should attend or not. Minutes after, Lady Jocelyn's maiden approached them and ask what color and kind of tunic Ulrich will wear in the dance party. As Geoff answered that they wouldn't be attending, Ulrich blocked Geoff and said don't speak of things he doesn't understand. Ulrich asked Roland what tunic he will wear tonight. Roland, shocked, described the attire based on the tent that he is facing. Then the maiden left. Ulrich dejectedly said he couldn't dance. All 5 of them, Kate, Geoff, Wat, Roland and Ulrich went to a place where they can work on Ulrich's Tunic and Dance problem. Kate and Geoff helped teach the dance. Wat, being bullied by Geoff as always, became Ulrich's partner during the practice, while Roland fixes the tunic. Roland managed to make the tunic while William learns the steps. Ulrich attended the gathering. He and Lady Jocelyn both wore green colored attires. They dance similar to a Farandol but with lots of differences, (especially modern moves. OST- Golden Years by David Bowie) which makes the scenario anachronism. Jousting took place again the next day were Count Alemar is to face the Black Prince of Wales: Prince Edward as his opponent. Alemar calls it a draw. Just to impress the crowd. Ulrich on the other hand, though he was informed that he will be fighting against Prince Edward for the second time, decides to fight him anyway. Wat, Ronald and Geoff told Ulrich about this but Ulrich still went on with the fight and hit Prince Edward squarely in the chest with 2 points. Edward loses the game. Geoff approach Ulrich and ask if he knows what he's doing. Ulrich told Geoff that Edward is taking the risk and is putting himself to danger and told Edward that he knows that he is a prince. Edward appeared stunned and wondered why Ulrich would still go on even if he knew what he is. Ulrich said that it is not in him to withdraw. "But it happens" added Prince Edward. Sir Ulrich was named Jousting Champion. But William/Ulrich still has the feeling of a 2nd placer as Count Alemar withdraws and he did not defeat him in a Joust. They went through different jousting competitions and they couldn't find Count Alemar. Unknown by them, count Alemar went to Gelderland to research Sir Ulrich's genealogy. He failed to see Ulrich's name on the painting as he doesn't exist. He found out that Ulrich is a fraud. Ulrich sent a sweet letter that was composed by him, Kate, Wat, Ronald and Geoff writing it for Lady Jocelyn and asking if she would come to Paris. Jocelyn got the letter, had tears in her eyes and Wat asked if she has something for his master in return. Jocelyn smiled. Wat, going back to were Ulrich and the rest were, said that Jocelyn is going to Paris with them. Sir Ulrich asked if she gave something in return. Wat kissed William on the lips and William shouted YES. He knew that Lady Jocelyn just send him the kiss. HE was so HAPPY! In Paris, Ulrich/William meets w/ Jocelyn in a church, where she tells him that if he truly loved her, he would lose. Ulrich tells her that's nuts. The next day at the jousting tournament, however, Ulrich intentionally loses all his matches...until, that is, Jocelyn sends word that if he loves her, he'll not lose another match & will win the tournament...which he does. That nite Jocelyn tells him that she knows his friends sometimes call him William, but she doesn't care what his name is. She crawls into bed w/ him, & tho he's hurt from the losses earlier that day, they seem to be able to get the deed done. . On their way to London, William had a flashback of a childhood memory. It was a time when he and his father were on their way to London on a boat. It was at that time that young William came to the attention of the knight who apprenticed him. He's torn between wanting to go w/ the knight & not wanting to leave his father. His father gives him his blessing & tells him all he has to do to find his way back is to follow his feet. Now that they are in London, Geoff informed Ulrich (William) that Count Alemar is on the list to compete. Ulrich and Alemar saw each other and Count Alemar said that Lady Jocelyn will be his bride no matter what it takes. That night Ulrich, on his horse, roams around the area while it is raining when he sees a little girl playing with a stick like it was her lance. The little girl told Ulrich that he was her favorite knight and she wondered why Ulrich is roaming in that area. Ulrich told the little girl that he used to live there and he asks the little girl if he knows a man who looks like a knight that had lived just around the other corner, but probably died long ago, possibly before she was born. The little girl told Ulrich that she also lives there and she knows the man Ulrich is pertaining to. She said that the man still lives there, but is blind and been there for years. Ulrich, with his curiosity went to that place and saw an old man fixing a fisherman's net. John Thatcher (William's Father) heard a squeak from the stairs and asked "if somebody is there?" He thought that the person on the stairs was the owner of the net and advised him to come back tomorrow as he is not yet done with it. Then, John Thatcher asked again, "Who Are You?". Ulrich answered "A Knight" and said that he is Ulrich. John said that he knew him as his name is being chanted in the stadium. John asked what business he has there. Ulrich said that he has a message for John coming from his son. John was stunned. He asked him to come inside and asked for his son's message. Ulrich said that "Your son has changed his stars". With teary eyes, John has recognized this phrase and asked if his son has followed his feet. Ulrich answered "YES". And he knew that the knight standing in front of him, the one with whom he is now speaking, is his SON WILLIAM. They hugged each other and cried. They had dinner and William mentioned that he has a girlfriend. His father told him that he wants to meet her. But Ulrich changed the topic to the water dripping from the roof. William fixes the leak. Unknown to him, Count Alemar has followed him and confirmed that he is a fraud and doesn't belong to a Royal line. In the morning, Ulrich is so happy that he told Wat, Ronald and Kate that he has spoken with his father and it was a great time in his life. Geoff and Jocelyn approach. The four of them appear as if someone has died. William asks why they are sad. Geoff and Jocelyn tell William that people knew already who he was and they are waiting for him to be arrested and put in the stocks. All were shocked with the terrible news and Ronald suggested packing their things up. William refused and asked Lady Jocelyn what she thinks. Lady Jocelyn suggested to RUN and do it for LOVE, instead of seeing him being placed in the stocks. Ronald, Kate, Wat and Geoff agreed with Lady Jocelyn. But furious William firmly refused and said "I'M A KNIGHT", indicating that I Knight would not be so cowardly. Ronald commented that everything must be put to an end. They prepared Ulrich and they went to the game. Officers approached them and told William that he should remove himself from the game of honor. But William answered that he is there to compete. They said that he is here to be arrested. And he was arrested and was put in jail. Count Alemar visited William and reiterates the words he keeps on saying while he punches him. With every punch he says "YOU HAVE BEEN WEIGHED", "YOU HAVE BEEN MEASURED" "AND YOU HAVE BEEN FOUND WANTING". Then with a last punch on the stomach, Count Alemar leaves. The next day, William is placed in the stocks and there's one boy who slapps his head as everyone applaudes what the boy has done. Ronald, Wat, Kate and Geoff stand by his side and don'tt leave him. 2 men with hoods stand there in the audience and when they reveal their faces. the people find out that it is the Black Prince of Wales, Prince Edward. He approaches William and tells him how William's men love him and if he knew nothing else about him that would be enough. He tells the guards to release William and ask how he can repay the kindness William once showed him. He asks William to kneel. Prince Edward takes his sword and proclaimes William, SIR William. Applause went on and Prince Edward asks William if he is fit to compete. He said that he can prepare for his opponent. Sir William, officially the new knight, thanked his lord, Prince Edward. The Final battle between Sir William and Count Alemar has come. Alemar cheats by placing a sharp tip on his lance. They rode and Count Alemar hit William on the right side of his chest. The tipped lance was left in his chest and Ronald had to pull it out. Wat and Geoff found out that Alemar is cheating. William is severely injured by the 1st attack. And with much pain in his chest, he dropped his lance and was hit again for the 2nd time by Count Alemar. Ronald said that the only way to win the game is un-horse him or to kill him. Being in so much pain, he asked Kate to remove his Armor Vest so he can breathe well. He asked her not to put it back again. Kate looks at Ronald and he agreed. He couldn't carry the lance anymore so he asked Wat to tie the lance on his arm. Wat looks at Ronald again and he said do whatever William says. When the game is about to start, Geoff made a heartfelt introduction for William,from the Prince's viewing box, to buy him time to get the lance lashed to his arm, as the joust was about to start and Will was not yet ready. Geoff introduced him as the son of John Thatcher and with his official title, everybody knew that he is Sir William Thatcher. Wat told William that everybody heard Williams name including his father. Geoff said "Godspeed William". William with no vest and a a lance tied to his arm, rode on his horse and fought with Count Alemar. When he is about to reach Count Alemar, he shouted "WILLIAM" and hit Alemar squarely in the chest, bringing him down off his horse. Count Alemar fell and had a vision of himself flat on his back on the ground, with the 5 people he hates. Wat stood above him saying "HE HAS BEEN WEIGHED", then comes Ronald saying "YOU HAVE BEEN MEASURED", then Kate said "AND YOU ABSOLUTELY" Geoff came above him and added "HAVE BEEN FOUND WANTING" finally, William completed the circle saying WELCOME TO THE NEW WORLD. GOD SAVE YOU, IF IT'S THE RIGHT THING TO DO. Then they left him. Victoriously, William and his friends rejoiced. His father is so pleased and so is Prince Edward. Lady Jocelyn is so proud of him. The story ends where Ronald, Kate, Geoff and Wat were leaning forward at the center of the stadium as Geoff is thinking about writing a story about everything that had happened, bullying Wat "Maybe Not Yours". End "In Memory of Heath Ledger" 
 Game of Thrones (20112019)761) Nine noble families fight for control over the lands of Westeros, while an ancient enemy returns after being dormant for millennia. In the mythical continent of Westeros, several powerful families fight for control of the Seven Kingdoms. As conflict erupts in the kingdoms of men, an ancient enemy rises once again to threaten them all. Meanwhile, the last heirs of a recently usurped dynasty plot to take back their homeland from across the Narrow Sea. Sam Gray Years after a rebellion spurred by a stolen bride to be and the blind ambitions of a mad King, Robert of the house Baratheon (Mark Addy) sits on the much desired Iron Throne. In the mythical land of Westeros, nine noble families fight for every inch of control and every drop of power. The King's Hand, Jon Arryn (Sir John Standing), is dead. And Robert seeks out his only other ally in all of Westeros, his childhood friend Lord Eddard "Ned" Stark. The solemn and honorable Warden of the North is tasked to depart his frozen sanctuary and join the King in the capital of King's Landing to help the now overweight and drunk Robert rule. However, a letter in the dead of night informs "Ned" that the former Hand was murdered, and that Robert will be next. So noble Ned goes against his better desires in an attempt to save his friend and the kingdoms. But political intrigue, plots, murders, and sexual desires lead to a secret that could tear the Seven Kingdoms apart. And soon Eddard will find out what happens when you play the Game of Thrones. Gregory Tobin Based on the best-selling book series "A Song of Ice and Fire" by George R.R. Martin, this sprawling HBO drama is set in a world where summers span several decades and winters can last a lifetime. From the scheming south and the savage eastern lands, to the frozen north and ancient Wall that protects the realm from the mysterious darkness beyond, the powerful families of the Seven Kingdoms are locked in a battle for the Iron Throne. This is a story of duplicity and treachery, nobility and honor, conquest and triumph. In the Game of Thrones, you either win or you die. ahmetkozan In the mythical continent of Westeros, nine families of higher nobility (Targaryen, Lannisters, Starks, Tyrell, Martell, Greyjoys, Baratheons and Boltons) scramble bitterly to gain power over the seven kingdoms and the Iron throne. As Westeros becomes rife with political unrests, conflicts, treachery, murder and debauchery, an ancient enemy (Army of the dead) awakens and strike the sense of doom to the living folks of Westeros. mwitamaibuni Nine noble families fight for control of the mythical land of Westeros. Political and sexual intrigue is pervasive. Robert Baratheon (Mark Addy), King of Westeros, asks his old friend, Lord Eddard Stark (Sean Bean), to serve as Hand of the King, or highest official. Secretly warned that the previous Hand was assassinated, Eddard accepts in order of business to investigate further. Meanwhile, Queen Cersei Lannister's family may be hatching a plot to take power. Across the sea, the last members of the previous and deposed ruling family, the Targaryens, are also scheming to regain the throne. The friction between the houses Stark, Lannister, Baratheon, and Targaryen and with the remaining great houses Greyjoy, Tully, Arryn, Tyrell, and Martell leads to full-scale war. All while an ancient evil awakens in the farthest north. Amidst the war and political confusion, a neglected military order of misfits, the Night's Watch, is all that stands between the realms of men and icy horrors beyond. Tfilm78 and Cajunman Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Three men set out on horseback on a snowy landscape from the Wall. The young one sees smoke from a fire and creeps up on it. He sees bodies hacked to bits and heads on stakes, dismembered limbs all around, including women and children. He turns and runs. We see their bodies are laid out in a kind of symbol, like a ring. He is chastised by his leader for being a coward, and reminded of their mission and the punishment for desertion. His comrades go to check out the bodies, and find theyve disappeared. One man finds what could be an organ in the snow, hes about to show it to the other man when something dark and sinister pops up out of snow and slashes him down. The remaining men run. Theyre chased by something that doesnt seem human. The creature catches one of the men and slices off his head. The remaining man drops to his knees and awaits his fate. Later, he stumbles across a field. Not dead. A band of men on horses intercept him. In Winterfell, Ned Stark (Sean Bean) watches his son Bran practice archery with the aid of Jon Snow, Neds bastard son. Inside the castle, his young daughter Arya practices needlepoint. Bran lets fly his arrow and misses wildly. Suddenly another strikes the bullseye. They turn to see who let it go its Arya, showing up her brother. A man comes to report they captured a deserter from the Nights Watch. Neds wife Catelyn asks him if he has to do what must be done. Ned says yes, and 10 year old Bran is coming to watch. They march the deserter to be beheaded. He tells Ned he saw White Walkers. Bran watches as his father beheads the man. Jon commends Bran for not looking away. After, Ned tells Bran that the White Walkers have been gone for thousands of years and the deserter must be crazy. He had to cut the man's head off himself because he passed the sentence, Ned explains. On the ride home they come upon a disemboweled elk and wonder what could have done it. They find a similarly hacked up wolf nearby, with two young pups. They believe theyre rare kind of wolf, a direwolf, of which there are only five south of the wall. Ned commands them killed because they wont survive without their mother. Jon suggests instead that the five pups go to the five Stark children. Jon gets the runt of the litter. Kings Landing, Capital of the Seven Kingdoms A funeral takes place in the grand cathedral. Ser Jaime Lannister checks on his twin sister, Queen Cersei Baratheon of the House of Lannister. Shes worried the dead guy Jon Arryn might have spilled her secret to her husband, the king. Back in Winterfell Cat tells her husband the news of Jon Arryns death. He was like a father to Ned. King Robert of Baratheon and Queen Cersei are on the way to Winterfell with their entourage. Bran climbs to the top of the compound to see the hundreds approaching. His mom chides him not to climb. The king and queen arrive. The Starks line up to greet them. Prince Joffrey Baratheon of the House of Baratheon makes eyes at Sansa Stark, Neds young daughter. They greet each other warmly. Arya is eager to see the imp. King Robert asks Ned to take him to the crypt. Down there, Robert says Arryn got sick suddenly and died. Robert asks Ned to come to Kings Landing and serve as Hand of the King, to run his kingdom. He wants Ned to help him keep the iron throne. He suggests they join their houses by marrying his son Joffrey and Neds daughter Sansa. We meet the imp, Tyrion Lannister, a dwarf. He is on the receiving end of a young womans attention. His brother Jaime busts in to tell them the Starks are feasting them at sundown. He brings additional whores to help Tyrion work out his desires before then. Robert pays his respects to Neds dead sister, who he was going to marry before the Targaryens killed her. He still feels strongly for her. Pentos Across the Narrow Sea Princess Daenerys Targaryen gets ready for her wedding. Prince Viserys comes to check on his sister, complete with examining her naked. The marriage is meant to solidify Viserys reign and not wake the dragon. Later, she meets her intended king, a savage killer who has never been defeated in battle. He says nothing, and rides off. Viserys advisor assures him Khal Drogo approved of her. Later, Viserys is talking about returning to rule. Daenerys announces she doesnt want to be Khal Drogo's queen. Viserys explains they need Drogo's army to retake their kingdom, and he would let all 40,000 of Drogo's men and horses have their way with her if it meant a return to power. In Winterfell, Sansa begs her mother to convince her dad to let her marry so she can be queen. Neds brother Benjen Stark arrives from the Nights Watch. Jon asks to return to the wall with him, but Benjen says hes not ready. After Benjen leaves, Jon meets Tyrion, who encourages him to wear the fact hes a bastard like honor, and then it cant be used to hurt him. He empathizes, saying all dwarves are bastards in their fathers eyes. Benjen finds his brother Ned, who tells him the boy he beheaded was a true ranger. He seems surprised he deserted. Cersei watches distractedly as her husband gropes wenches at the feast. Sansa introduces herself. Shes only 13. Jaime accosts Ned, taunting him to fight when hes back in town. Arya gets removed from the party for flicking food. Later at night, Ned tells his wife he doesnt want to go to the city. Cat doesnt want him to go either. Theres a knock at their bedroom door. Its Maester Luwin, Neds counselor. A rider brought a letter from Cats sister. It was sent from the aerie. Cat reads it and her eyes get wide. She burns the letter. Her sister has fled the city. She said her husband Jon Arryn was murdered by the Lannisters, and theyre plotting against the king. Luwin tells Ned hes the only one who can protect the king. At the wedding feast for Daenrys and Drogo, Viserys is eager to get his throne back. Daenrys watches two men try to have sex with a woman in the middle of a dance and end up cutting each other to bits. We learn that a Dothraki wedding without at least three deaths is considered a dull affair. Jorah Mormant, an exiled knight, brings song books to Daenrys. She also gets a gift of dragons eggs. Khal gets up and goes to his horse. Daenrys follows, he gives her a white horse. As shes riding off, her brother tells her to make Drogo happy. Later, alone on the beach at sunset, she waits nervously as her new husband looks her over. She cries. He says only no as he slowly takes off her clothes and pushes her to the ground. Back in Winterfell, Ned prepares to ride with the King. As they set off, Bran climbs to the top of the compound walls again to watch his father ride away. Halfway up the wall he hears the sounds of people having sex. He sees Jaime with a woman bent over in front of him. Its his sister Cersei. She seems to be a willing participant. She shouts that Bran saw them. Jaime pulls Bran off the ledge. He assess how high up they are, then he gives Bran a shove. The things I do for love, he says. 
 The Full Monty (1997)651) Six unemployed steel workers form a male striptease act. The women cheer them on to go for "the full monty" - total nudity. In the decaying steel mill town of Sheffield in Northern England, friends Gaz and Dave, both now unemployed and on the dole after the closure of most of the town's steel mills, steal scrap metal from the closed mills to supplement their meager income, often with Gaz's twelve year old son, Nathan, on the days Gaz has custody. Still, Gaz is behind in child support payments to his ex-wife, Mandy. When Mandy threatens to sue for full custody in that Gaz can't support Nathan in any way, Gaz, seeing the long line up of women clamoring to get in to see a touring Chippendales styled dance troupe, thinks he can solve his financial and thus custody problems by forming his own male exotic dance troupe with some of his fellow un- or underemployed ex-mill workers. In addition to Dave, he has in mind middle-aged Gerald, their former foreman who has not told his spending-happy wife Linda that he has been unemployed for six months, and Lomper, a mild-mannered security guard who they just met in the act of him trying to commit suicide in his depression. The obvious problem is that with the exception of Gerald who knows how to ballroom dance, they are not generally stripper material, either in looks, skill or temperament, with especially slightly overweight Dave having body image issues, he believing his wife, Jean, having a wandering eye because of what he considers his unappealing looks. In an open casting among those at the employment office, they are able to recruit further misfits Horse, an older man who does know the contemporary dances of his era, and younger Guy, who can't dance and can't sing but loves Singin' in the Rain (1952) and has a natural gift below the belt. Beyond the many obstacles in being able to put together a dance strip act that women would pay to see, they have to overcome their own individual issues, Gaz's which includes Nathan, who loves his father but with who he just wants to do "normal" father/son activities. Huggo Six unemployed steel workers, inspired by the Chippendale's dancers, form a male striptease act. The women cheer them on to go for "the full monty" - total nudity. Jon Reeves (from press kit) <jreeves@imdb.com> The setting is Sheffield England, once the "City of Steel", home of a massive steel industry and jobs aplenty. Today with the industry in decline and the steelworks closed down there is widespread unemployment and despair. Two unemployed friends stumble upon a Chippendales-like show that's very popular with the local women. Eventually they decide they too would like to give it a go, but they can't dance and aren't what most would call good physical specimens. They have their doubts but are determined to give it a shot. On their way they pick up four other unlikely candidates and begin practising for the big night. To drum up interest, they boast they'll go 'the full monty' (a phrase meaning 'all the way' - nude), something they hadn't planned and aren't sure they can deliver. Will they ?, won't they ?, can they keep their antics from their families ?, can they stay out of trouble ? can they pull a crowd ?. All will be revealed, well maybe. Rob Hartill Sheffield, England. Once a bright community "on the move", the city has fallen into ruin after the steel factories are closed and thousands of men lose their jobs. Gary "Gaz" is a former worker and about to lose his son because he can't pay for joint custody. His friends (and former co-workers) aren't doing much better: Dave is depressed and convinced his wife isn't interested in their marriage anymore; Lomper has to take care of his mom and is suicidal; and Gerald has been lying to his wife for six months about his unemployment. After stumbling across a Chipendales dance club and seeing how many women are paying for it (ten quid times a thousand women equals... "a lot of money"), Gaz realizes that if they can do it, so can he. The guys pull together, adding Horse and Guy to the line-up. But Gaz realizes that they have to offer something that the "real thing" doesn't... so these guys are going "the full monty", which means going totally nude! They not be young, they not be pretty, they not be very good, but they're there, and for one night only, with nothing to lose, they're daring to go The Full Monty! Lex Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The Full Monty begins with 6 steelworkers in the North of England being laid off. Gaz, Dave (Gaz' best mate), Nathan (Gaz's son), Lomper (the mill security guard), Gerald (the foreman at the mill before it closed) Horse (a good dancer) and Guy (a well-endowed man who can't dance) decide that after seeing the girls go crazy in the bar for a stripper. However, nobody has ever done 'The Full Monty', so the guys are prepared to give it a go in order to earn some money to pay the bills and live. Gaz also has a son called Nathan, from his ex-wife Mandy, who helps them with the dance routine. Gaz is not a great father, but he does his best. His ex-wife clearly doesn't like him and berates him for picking up his son late and not paying the child support, one of the many bills he can't pay because he is unemployed. Nevertheless, all six boys start rehearsing and audition some other people to join their group. Gaz needs to pay 100 if he wants to book the club to perform on the night, which he can't afford. Luckily, Nathan uses the money from his savings and the gig is back on! Dave drops out as he thinks he is too fat and becomes a security guard at Asda. Gaz spots him on his weekly shop, confronts him, then steals from the shop and runs away. Dave can't catch him. The guys are putting up posters for the show when they are spotted by two girls. Gaz boasts that they are better than other strip-tease acts as they do 'The Full Monty'. In the warehouse where they practice, they do a public dress rehearsal in front of horse's female members of the family. This ends badly as Gaz's son is with them (he is on the music) and the gang gets spotted by a policeman, who is on the beat, patrolling the street. They make a run for it, but Gaz, Gerald, and horse are caught and arrested for indecent exposure. Gaz now can't see his son, Nathan, who he needs to play the music at his strip-tease act. Lomper and Guy escape to Lomper's house where the two look lovingly at each other. Gerald gets thrown out by his wife after the bailiffs come and he goes to stay with Gaz. In the club, Gaz refuses to go on because the policeman is there as well as some other men when it says girls only. His son persuades him to go on and they all have a lot of fun together. The film ends with the strip act! 
 Robin Hood (2010)431) In twelfth-century England, Robin Longstride and his band of marauders confront corruption in a local village and lead an uprising against the crown that will forever alter the balance of world power. Birth of a legend. Following King Richard's (Danny Huston's) death in France, archer Robin Longstride (Russell Crowe), along with Will Scarlet (Scott Grimes), Allan A'Dayle (Alan Doyle), and Little John (Kevin Durand), returns to England. They encounter the dying Sir Robert Loxley (Douglas Hodge), whose party was ambushed by treacherous Godfrey (Mark Strong), who hopes to facilitate a French invasion of England. Robin promises the dying knight he will return his sword to his father Sir Walter Loxley (Max von Sydow) in Nottingham. Here, Sir Walter encourages him to impersonate the dead man to prevent his land being confiscated by the crown, and he finds himself with Marion (Cate Blanchett), a ready-made wife. Hoping to stir baronial opposition to weak Prince John (Oscar Isaac) and allow an easy French take-over, Godfrey worms his way into the Prince's service as Earl Marshal of England and brutally invades towns under the pretext of collecting Royal taxes. Can Robin navigate the politics of barons, royals, traitors, and the French? don @ minifie-1 England 1199. After the death of King Richard the Lionheart, archer Robin Longstride and his comrades--archers Allan A'Dayle, Will Scarlett, and soldier Little John--return to England. As Robin assumes the identity of the deceased knight, Sir Robert Loxley, he witnesses the coronation of cruel King John, who orders the collection of harsh new taxes, and heads to Nottingham. There, they meet Sir Walter, Loxley's elderly and blind father, and Loxley's widow, Lady Marian. Now, against the backdrop of deceit, incessant machinations, and the prospect of a French invasion, Robin embarks on a noble mission to avert the plans of sinister forces, unite England, and restore its glory. Can Robin and his loyal brothers-in-arms right the many wrongs in King John's kingdom? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens in the middle of the night as the Sherwood robbers run through the forest. The robbers run through Nottingham and put their horses into a stable. Lady Marion ( Cate Blanchett ), wife of Sir Robert Loxley, rouses her servants and demands that they open the gates. Taking an arrow and setting it aflame, she shoots it at the feet of one of the robbers and tells them that she can see them. After they leave, she realizes that the seeds and grain of Nottingham were stolen and that they won't have anything to plant come spring. Robin Longstride ( Russell Crowe ) leads his men through the forest back to their own camp. When he fought in the Crusades, Robin was only an archer. As English troops lead an assault on a French stronghold, Robin and his men fight valiantly alongside King Richard the Lionheart ( Danny Huston ). A young archer attempts to plant a bomb bag on the portcullis but gets stuck. Robin races to him and rescues him before the French can kill him. Robin then retreats to safety before igniting the gate. The English troops attack the breach. Back in England, Richard's younger brother, Prince John ( Oscar Isaac ), is cheating on his wife Isabel ( Jessica Raine ) with Isabella ( La Seydoux ), the niece of the French king. John's mother Eleanor of Aquitaine ( Eileen Atkins ) walks in, passing his wife, who is standing sadly outside the room. John asks his mother to leave but she tells him that his behavior has given the king of France the excuse he needs to invade. She tells him to go to his wife, but he responds that his wife is barren. John expresses his desire to divorce his wife and marry the French girl since he anticipates becoming king upon Richard's death. Robin sets up a memory game where he hides a pea under three cups. Most people fall for it, but Little John ( Kevin Durand ) is determined to beat the game. When Robin offers three choices, Little John accuses him of hiding the pea in his hand while turning all of the cups. However, removing all three cups reveals that the pea was in the center cup all the time. Little John attacks Robin and they fight it out until they're interrupted by the king's arrival. When the king asks who started the fight, Robin says that it was his fault. The king talks to Robin and asks if he is honest enough to tell him his thoughts on the Crusade. The king wonders whether God would be pleased; Robin says no. The slaughter of the Muslims in their last battle made Robin feel that God did not approve of their actions and that they had acted like barbarians. Robin and his men are put in the stocks and Robin swears that he is done fighting and will return home once released. In nearby woods, Sir Godfrey ( Mark Strong ) visits King Philip ( Jonathan Zacca ) of France. Philip notes that Sir Godfrey is of French and English heritage and asks where his allegiance lies. Godfrey pledges his allegiance to King Philip and Philip requests that Godfrey kill King Richard the Lionheart so that Philip may attack England under the leadership of the inept John. Sir Godfrey agrees. Meanwhile, King Richard leads his men in battle with the French. Upon breaching the perimeter, an archer shoots King Richard through the neck. As he dies, his men call for a doctor but can only comfort his passing with wine. His knights gather the crown and prepare to depart for the boats back to England. The young man Robin saved sees the incident and runs back to the stocks to free Robin and his friends. They grab their equipment and flee the camp as quickly as possible. Sir Robert Loxley ( Douglas Hodge ) is leading the knights of King Richard through the forest when Sir Godfrey's men attack and kill most of the knights. Loxley is skewered by a spear and left to die slowly. Godfrey asks about King Richard and is surprised to hear that the king was killed in battle. Loxley tells them that the king's crown is in a bag on the king's horse. Godfrey's men attempt to recover it but the horse runs away, directly toward Robin and his men. One of Godfrey's men pursues the horse and kills the young man Robin rescued, but Robin and Little John kill him quickly and then attack Godfrey's party with their other friends. Godfrey and his men retreat before they can loot the corpses. As Godfrey runs off, Robin shoots him in the cheek with an arrow, scarring him. Robin finds Loxley dying. Loxley tells him that he stole his sword from his father and his dying wish is that it be returned. He reflects on the love a father and son share and dies. Robin vows to honor the promise. They loot the corpses, don the armor and pretend to be knights. Robin explains that the disguise will allow them to obtain passage back to England as the crown's honor guard. They bury their dead comrade and leave for the shore. In Nottingham, Lady Marion visits the church to meet the new friar, Tuck ( Mark Addy ), and ask for seed to help the people. The old friar, departing for York, tells her that the church will not be surrendering its grain. Lady Marion is outraged that the church will not practice charity for its people. The departing priest tells Tuck that the Loxley family is always causing troubles for the church. Robin and his men arrive at the ships and present themselves as knights. The guardians of the ship tell Robin that they were expecting 12 knights and the king but Robin informs them that Richard is dead and presents them with his crown. They bring the men aboard and set sail for England. The men drink and sing but Robin examines the sword of Loxley. He unwinds pieces of metal and sees that the inscribed motto reads "Until Lambs Become Lions." Little John asks the plan and Robin explains that they will go north from London after delivering the crown. The next morning Robin wakes up and sees they are 40 minutes away from England. His men are scared that their masquerade will be undone by the members of the royal court. Robin tells his men that they should be ready to run for their lives if they are recognized as impostors. The royal court expects to see the king disembark. However, King Richard's mother Eleanor suspects something is wrong when Robin comes ashore instead of Richard. Robin gives the crown to Eleanor. Sir Godfrey watches from afar as Robin delivers the crown. For a moment they are concerned that Loxley lied about the king's death. Prince John is shocked that his brother is dead. His mother places the crown on John's head, as he is now king of England. Robin presents himself as Loxley of Nottingham and John asks how his brother died. John offers Robin a reward. He asks if Robin said he was from Nottingham. Robin hesitantly says yes and John says that Sir Walter Loxley (Robert's father) owes taxes to the crown. John offers Robin his ring but then takes it back, saying that is his first payment. King John greets Sir Godfrey and invites him to dine with him later. William Marshall ( William Hurt ), a man in the crowd, tells Robin that he will visit Sir Walter soon. Robin says that he will deliver the message. Godfrey knows that Robin is impersonating Loxley and tells his men that since he knows too much, he must be killed. Robin rides out of the city with his men toward Nottingham. Lady Marion and her servants are plowing a field when the sheriff arrives and tells her that he expects an audience with Sir Walter. Lady Marion asks why he isn't taking care of the robbers in Sherwood instead. The sheriff says Sir Walter needs to pay his taxes and the sheriff will come and break down the door to collect the money. He makes an advance on Marion, who threatens that her husband will kill him, but the sheriff laughs at her. He tells her that her husband is surely dead after ten years and leaves her alone in the field. The men eat and sing together in the forest until Robin abruptly suggests that they part ways after dividing the spoils. Little John asks where Robin will go. Robin tells them that he has to honor the dying wish of Loxley. His men call him crazy but Robin tells them that he owes it to Lady Fortune. King John and William Marshall discuss the financial cost of the army of England. King John wants to disband but Marshall points out that it would be more efficient just to keep it together. The war has ravaged the economy and the people are feeling the strain. Marshall tells him that he should take out loans from Normandy but John just wants to tax the people. Godfrey presents himself and offers to collect the money or kill those who refuse. Marshall is taken aback by this but Godfrey tells him it's what must be done. King John thinks this is well said. Eleanor, the queen mother, tells John that Richard would have done things differently. John loses his temper with her and blames her for the wreckage of England. She slaps him and leaves the room. King John forces Marshall to resign and dismisses him from court. Godfrey follows him out and Marshall tells him to choose the spot where he places his dagger carefully. Godfrey mocks him by showing him the seal that grants him Marshall's position and leaves. Robin and his men arrive in Nottingham. They are unimpressed by the setting. Friar Tuck, who takes care of the bees, addresses them. He tells Robin where to find the house of Loxley, and Robin rides off. The others ask where they can find liquor but Little John apologizes. Friar Tuck exhorts them and offers them some honey liquor (mead). Robin arrives at the Loxley house. He sees Lady Marion milking a cow and addresses her rudely as "girl" while checking her out. He introduces himself as Robin Longstride and asks to see Sir Walter. He tells her that Robert is dead and she leads him inside. She says that she is Robert's wife. He tells her how Robert died. She advises him to lie to Sir Walter about Robert's death. Sir Walter ( Max von Sydow ) is blind but Robin gives him his sword back. Walter knows his son is dead when he feels the sword; he asks what happened. Robin tells him that Robert's final words were of his love for his father. Walter guides his hands over Robin's face. He asks Robin to dinner and tells him that he needs to bathe first. Lady Marion offers him her husband's clothes. He asks for help taking off the armor he is wearing. She is uneasy about this but complies with his request. Walter asks Robin about his journey. Robin tells Walter his life story: He was abandoned as a child and doesn't know his origins, only where he's been. Walter makes an offer: if Robin gives him some time, the sword of Loxley will be his. Walter says that he can tell him something of his history. He goes on to request that Robin stay and pretend to be Robert so that Marion can keep her land. Walter says that Robin must become his son. Robin agrees, despite Lady Marion's rage. The House of Loxley celebrates the "return" of Robin. Robin's men are impressed by the women. Friar Tuck asks why they call him "Little" John and John replies by telling him that he's got a proportionate penis before pursuing some of the women at the party. Lady Marion and Robin must share a bedroom to maintain the ruse. She asks if he is coming to bed, but he tells her to ask nicely. She sarcastically requests that he return to their room. Robin reflects on the sword's motto by the fire before retiring to the room. They share the room but Lady Marion tells him that if he touches her in her bed, she will stab him. Robin lies by the fire with a lamb and goes to sleep. Godfrey meets with his French counterparts in a dark field. They are ready to launch their attack on England and on King John. Marshall receives a note meant for Godfrey which warns that 200 French soldiers have landed in Britain. Sir Walter greets Robin in the morning. He calls Lady Marion and tells her to show Robin around Nottingham in order to familiarize him with the village and its people. Lady Marion shows him around the fields despite her misgivings. He asks where the cows and sheep are. She replies they are gone, and that all they eat are rabbits and pigs. She mentions that the deer are off limits since they all belong to the king. She tells him to act like Sir Robert. Villagers greet him and he pretends to know them. Lady Marion is introduced to Robin's companions in arms. He tells them to pretend he is Loxley and they agree, but mock him as well. Friar Tuck meets with Robin and Marion. Marion tells Tuck that they are stealing grain that the people of Nottingham had raised under the guise of tax. Robin asks if the church knows that Tuck is raising bees that produce honey. Tuck responds by asking, what if the grain doesn't reach York? Robin tells him that the church won't need to know of the bees. That night, Robin pays a visit to Friar Tuck. They drink mead together and Robin tells Tuck that they need to steal the grain for Nottingham. Pretending to be the Sherwood robbers, they steal the grain. They take the grain and plant it in the fields during the night as it starts to rain. Lady Marion is impressed by Robin's actions and sees him sleeping near the fields. She asks how he found the seed, but he doesn't tell her. Godfrey leads his men in the name of the king to the towns which refuse to pay their taxes. Godfrey and his men slaughter the townspeople in retaliation. He takes the gold by force and leaves entire towns aflame. Marshall visits Queen Eleanor and tells her he has lost faith in John. He tells her that Godfrey is pissing off the Northern barons to provoke them to attack the throne so that England will be in chaos when the French invade. Eleanor tells John's new wife, Isabella, that a paid agent of France is planning an attack. She tells Isabella that if she wants to earn the title of queen she must tell John that Godfrey is plotting against him. John flips out when he hears this. Isabella tells him that it's true and that if he doesn't believe her he should kill her. He kisses her and begs her forgiveness. A messenger demands an audience with the sheriff of Nottingham and delivers a letter telling him that Godfrey is coming to Nottingham. He tells the messenger that Loxley will be trouble. Lady Marion describes her married life. The daughter of a widow, she was married a week before Robert left for war. Robin tells her that Robert was a good knight. He helps her mount her horse and they ride off. King John visits Marshall and asks why he deserted him when Godfrey is planning to help the French attach him. Marshall tells him that they need to reach out to the Barons of the North and that King John must meet them. King John tells him that they will be taking the militia to meet with the barons in battle. Marshall requests a horse from his servants so that he might find the Northern Barons. The messenger returns to Godfrey and tells him that he found Robin. Godfrey tells him that when they arrive in Nottingham they will take no prisoners and will make the place famous from how much blood will be shed. At a village dance, Robin dances with Lady Marion in front of everyone. Afterward, Walter tells Robin that his father was a visionary and a philosopher. "Until Lambs Become Lions" was his motto and he was able to galvanize the people with his words. Walter tells Robin that when Robin was younger he witnessed his father's execution. Robin bursts into tears when he realizes the truth. His father had written a charter of rights and Walter shows it to Robin. A messenger arrives from Marshall requesting Sir Walter's assistance in preparing the troops. Robin rides out to Marshall, who is telling the barons of the North that Godfrey is attempting to cause chaos so that England can be conquered by France. King John arrives and takes the stand. King John claims that Godfrey was acting only to cause chaos and his men point out that he did so easily. Meanwhile, Robin arrives at a burnt down town and sees the ground where his father was killed years before. He strikes a stone on a statue and removes it to find a hand print he left as a child. He walks over to Marshall as King John speaks. He announces his arrival and tells his people that their tyranny is the heart of failure. He asserts that every man deserves power and that King John's demands will be his undoing. Robin incites the crowd with his words and tells King John that liberty by law is the right of all men. They gather and prepare for war. Godfrey leads his men to Nottingham and prepares to slaughter the townsfolk. The men march to Sir Walter's house looking to kill Robin. Walter walks out, blind and carrying his sword. Godfrey tells Walter that he killed Robert. Godfrey toys with Walter but Walter succeeds in cutting Godfrey's face before he is run through and killed. Godfrey's men collect the money of the town. The Sherwood robbers see what is going on in Nottingham. Friar Tuck manages to trap a few soldiers in the bee house and leaves them to die. The messenger attempts to rape Lady Marion. She goads him before stabbing him in the neck and killing him. The Sherwood robbers help Marion escape as Robin arrives and leads the attack on Godfrey's men. Godfrey retreats with what men survive to meet up with the French in the south. Walter's servants bring the sword of Loxley to Marion, telling her that he is dead. She gives him the sword and Robin hugs her. They burn Walter's body on a funeral pyre. Robin tells Marion he will come back. They share a kiss and he tells her that he loves her. The French begin their invasion of England as Robin and his men ride for the coast preparing for battle. King John asks Robin and Marshall what they need to do to beat the French. Robin leads the archers to the cliff tops as Marshall leads the ground troops. They charge the French in battle. Little John brutalizes the French troops along side Robin's other men. King John charges into the fray for personal glory. Lady Marion, dressed as a man, attempts to kill Godfrey but he drags her into the water and attempts to drown her. Robin charges Godfrey and tackles him. The two duel on the shore in front of the French boats. Marion forces herself up while Robin is caught between two French boats. Godfrey flees. Robin escapes from the boats and picks up an arrow. He sees Godfrey in the distance and shoots him through the neck. Robin then pulls the unconscious Marion out of the water and kisses her. The English troops push the French back and King Philip orders a retreat. The English are victorious. King John sees Robin carrying Lady Marion away. King John perceives the French as surrendering to Robin. Seeing him as a threat, he declares Robin an enemy of the crown and an outlaw. He refuses to sign the Magna Carta presented by the people. He silences his people and burns the document. The sheriff of Nottingham reads a declaration that anyone who helps Robin will be killed. In lieu of a nail, Robin shoots the order into a wall as an act of rebellion. Marion, Robin, and his men retreat to Sherwood Forest. 