nm0008195:

 Kingdom of Heaven (2005)431) Balian of Ibelin travels to Jerusalem during the Crusades of the 12th century, and there he finds himself as the defender of the city and its people. It is the time of the Crusades during the Middle Ages -- the world-shaping 200-year collision between Europe and the East. A blacksmith named Balian has lost his family and nearly his faith. The religious wars raging in the far-off Holy Land seem remote to him, yet he is pulled into that immense drama. Amid the pageantry and intrigues of medieval Jerusalem, he falls in love, grows into a leader, and ultimately uses all his courage and skill to defend the city against staggering odds. Destiny comes seeking Balian in the form of a great knight, Godfrey of Ibelin, a Crusader briefly home to France from fighting in the East. Revealing himself as Balian's father, Godfrey shows him the true meaning of knighthood and takes him on a journey across continents to the fabled Holy City. In Jerusalem at that moment--between the Second and Third Crusades--a fragile peace prevails, through the efforts of its enlightened Christian king, Baldwin IV, aided by his advisor Tiberias, and the military restraint of the legendary Muslim leader Saladin Ayubi. But Baldwin's days are numbered, and strains of fanaticism, greed, and jealousy among the Crusaders threaten to shatter the truce. King Baldwin's vision of peace--a kingdom of heaven--is shared by a handful of knights, including Godfrey of Ibelin, who swear to uphold it with their lives and honor. As Godfrey passes his sword to his son, he also passes on that sacred oath: to protect the helpless, safeguard the peace, and work toward harmony between religions and cultures, so that a kingdom of heaven can flourish on earth. Balian takes the sword and steps into history. Sujit R. Varma In 1184, French village blacksmith Balian just lost his wife through suicide grief-stricken by their child's death; the crusader Lord Godfrey, Baron of Ibelin, reveals himself as Balian's father and offers him a crusader life, which the youngster spontaneously rejects but after the local priest taunts him 'till his sword strikes fatally accepts, fleeing the French bishop's bloody justice and seeking divine forgiveness as promised to crusaders in Jerusalem. On the way, Balian is instructed the skills of war and chivalric honor code and dubbed a knight in Messina by his father, who was fatally wounded fighting off the bishop's men. After shipwreck on the Levantine coast, Balian soon proves himself a superior knight as fighter and noble idealist in the loyal service of leper King Baldwin, whose pragmatic right hand, the Count of Tiberias, fails to convince Balian the ruthless knight Reynald de Chatillon and his traitorous master, candidate-heir to the throne Guy de Lusignan, must be stopped by all means before they plunge the crusader kingdom in a fatal war against the noble, militarily far superior Saracen King Saladin. When Tiberias is proven right, he leaves for Cyprus, brave Balian stays to defend besieged Jerusalem against impossible odds. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. As the film begins, a title card opens the story, detailing its setting and historical backgrounds: "It is almost one hundred years since Christian armies from Europe seized Jerusalem. Europe suffers in the grip of repression and poverty. Peasant and lord alike flee to the Holy Land in search of fortune or salvation. One Knight returns home in search of his son." In a remote village in France in 1184, Balian ( Orlando Bloom ), a blacksmith and former warrior, is haunted by his wife's (Nathalie Cox) recent suicide after losing their unborn child. He is also shunned by nearly all of the villagers, except for the lord of the village, the lord Bishop, and his blacksmith apprentice. One day, a group of Crusaders arrive at the small village and one of them approaches Balian, introducing himself as his father, Baron Godfrey of Ibelin ( Liam Neeson ). Godfrey, asks Balian to return with him to Jerusalem. Balian refuses and the Crusaders leave. The town priest ( Michael Sheen ), Balian's younger and corrupt half-brother, attempts to claim Balian's property. To achieve this, he reveals that he had arranged for the Crusaders to come and take Balian away with them and ordered Balian's wife beheaded before burial (a customary practice in those times for people who committed suicide which would prevent them from ascending to Heaven), in an attempt to convince Balian to leave to the Holy Land. During the encounter, Balian, finally fed up with his half-brother and outraged by the revelation of the beheading of his late wife, kills him. It's also reveled throughout the film that Balian is a typically non-violent person, using violence to protect the innocent people and and in self-defense, but it was in that moment of the film where he had reached his breaking point and killed his half-brother out of rage for him and his decision to mutilate his dead wife's body. Balian, then, follows after his father in the hope of gaining forgiveness and redemption for him and his wife. After he catches up to his father, Godfrey instructs him in swordsmanship. Then, soldiers sent by Godfrey's brother and led by Godfrey's nephew arrive to arrest Balian. Godfrey refuses to hand him over and during the subsequent fight most of Godfrey's men are killed and Godfrey himself is mortally wounded. It was revealed earlier in the film that Godfrey's brother and nephew plan to kill him and his men, in order to claim the title of Baron of Ibelin for themselves. In Messina, Godfrey knights Balian and orders him to serve the King of Jerusalem and protect the helpless then succumbs to his injuries. On Balian's journey to Jerusalem, his ship is run aground by a storm, leaving Balian and a horse as the survivors of the wreck. When Balian releases the horse from the wreckage it flees in panic. Tracking the horse into the desert, Balian is confronted by a Muslim cavalier and his servant. A fight over possession of the horse follows and Balian slays the horseman, but spares the servant, asking him to guide him to Jerusalem. Upon their arrival in Jerusalem, Balian gives the horse to the servant and releases him. The man then tells him his slain master was an important knight amongst the Saracens. After being accepted as the new Lord of Ibelin by Godfrey's retainers, Balian soon becomes acquainted with the main players in Jerusalem's political arena: the leper King Baldwin IV, Tiberias ( Jeremy Irons ), Marshall of Jerusalem, Princess Sibylla, King Baldwin IV's sister, and Guy de Lusignan ( Marton Csokas ), Sibylla's arrogant, prejudiced, and scheming husband, who supports the anti-Muslim activities. It is revealed is Sibylla is unhappily married to Guy, after having been made aware of his true nature. As a man who is obsessed with attaining glory and fortune for himself, it is implied that in his ruthless climb to prominence in the royal court and also to the throne of Jerusalem, Guy only married Sibylla for the purpose to be next in line to rule as King of Jerusalem, rather than for out of genuine love for her. He could even kill Siyblla's own son from her previous marriage in order to ensure that he would be King immediately and also in response to Siyblla doing something that would jeopardize his plans. He is determined to rule after Baldwin's death and seeks to provoke a war that will allow him to dispose of the Muslims and claim the Kingdom for the Christians. As the new Baron of Ibelin, Balian settles in his new land of Ibelin. Using his skills as a blacksmith, he earns the respect of his knights and subjects by building an irrigation system. Sibylla travels to meet him, and the two become secret lovers. Guy and his co-conspirator Raynald of Chtillon ( Brendan Gleeson ) massacre a Muslim trade caravan with the aid of the Templars. Saladin, leader of the Muslim forces attacks Kerak, Raynald's castle, to bring him to account for his crime. Balian decides to protect the villagers as they attempt to enter the castle from Saladin's cavalry. Though outnumbered, Balian and his knights charge Saladin's cavalry, allowing the villagers time to flee to the castle; Balian's knights are soon defeated resulting in their capture. In the enemy camp, Balian encounters the 'servant' he freed, Imad ad-Din, learning he is actually Saladin's Chancellor, who then releases Balian to enter Kerak. Saladin arrives with his army to besiege Kerak and King Baldwin IV approaches with his. The two rulers successfully negotiate a Muslim retreat and Baldwin swears that he will punish Raynald for his crimes. The exertion of these events cause Baldwin to collapse, weakened beyond recovery. Baldwin asks Balian to marry Sybilla ( Eva Green ), knowing that the pair have affection for each other, but Balian refuses to be associated with the necessary murder of Guy. After Baldwin dies, Sibylla's six-year-old son Baldwin V becomes King of Jerusalem. It quickly becomes apparent that he is also infected with leprosy. Grief-stricken and unwilling to condemn her son to a life behind a mask, Sibylla gives him poison. Sibylla succeeds her son and names Guy King of Jerusalem. Guy releases Raynald asking him to give him a war, which Raynald does by murdering Saladin's sister. When Saladin sends an emissary to demand the return of his sister's body, the heads of those responsible, and the surrender of Jerusalem, Guy answers by decapitating the emissary and sending his head back to Damascus. In 1187, council war is agreed upon "because God wills it" and against sound advice they march into the desert away from adequate water supplies to fight Saladin, leaving Jerusalem unguarded except for Balian, his knights, and the townspeople. Saladin's army attacks the Crusader army near to the city of Hattin, and at the Battle of Hattin, the Crusader army is annihilated. Guy and Raynald are captured; Saladin executes Raynald, and then marches on Jerusalem, sparing Guy out of tradition but stating that he is not worthy of this. Back at Jerusalem, Balian prepares the defenses, challenging the Patriarch's advice to flee, and then knights a number of men-at-arms because "making a man a knight makes him a better fighter." Knowing they cannot defeat the Saracens, they hope hold their enemies off long enough for the Saracens to offer terms and, in the process, remaining true to himself and showing the example of his late father, Godfrey, inspires the people within the city with the importance of consciousness, humanity, heroism, inclusion of people outside of their Christian faith, performing acts of goodness that God desires for them to do, and the ideal of being anything they want to be that others denied them of before. After three days and having proven their resolve, Saladin offers terms: Balian surrenders Jerusalem when Saladin offers all the inhabitants safe passage to Christian lands. Balian points out that when the Crusaders conquered Jerusalem a hundred years previously, they massacred the Muslim inhabitants, but Saladin assures him that he is "not those men". After considering his terms and reflecting on everything that had happened, he surrendered Jerusalem to Saladin. As the two begin to return back to their respective sides, Balian stops and asks Saladin, "What is Jerusalem worth?" He stops, replies "Nothing", and returned walking back to the Muslims. His comment meant that Jerusalem as a city is worth "nothing". As Saladin continues walking back, he stops again, looks at Balian, and delivers his second answer, "Everything." His second answer meant that he believes that Jerusalem is worth "everything" to everyone, where, although they may belong to a different religious faith, they are bound together their shared faith and devotion to God and can live together in peace and harmony as friends or as a family. Satisfied with his answers, Balian returns back to Jerusalem. As he returns to the city, Balian tells the inhabitants Saladin's terms and that all will be safely escorted to the sea. Furthermore, he says "if this is the kingdom of Heaven, let God do with it what He will". The people inside the city cheered and celebrated for Balian and the promise of living a kingdom of Heaven anywhere they go with anyone they'll meet, Christian or no. Afterwards, Balian encounters Sybilla and tells her that her brother's kingdom was in his head and his heart (reflecting back to the moral teachings of her brother and the Knight Hospitaller), which can never be surrendered and lost. Sybilla asks him what she'll do now, since that she is still the Queen of several cities outside of Jerusalem. Balian suggests for her to renounce her claim as Queen and if she does, he will come for her and they'll go away together. As the Christians were getting ready to leave the city, the disgraced and humiliated Guy, after having been released by Saladin, confronts Balian one last time and challenges him to a fight. Balian defeats and ultimately spares him. Defeated, Guy, now with nothing left to lose, begs Balian to kill him. He ultimately spares him and said: "When you rise again... if you rise... rise a knight." As the Christians leave the city, Balian bids farewell to his Christian and Muslim friends. Imad returns the horse to Balian, saying it was not a good horse anyway and asks him if God didn't love Balian, how could he have accomplished so much. They wish each other peace in the other's language. While Balian said his farewells to his friends, Saladin and the Muslims settle in their new home. Saladin's forces destroy many of the Christian books and replace the cross on the top of the church with a crescent. Privately, Saladin is shown refusing to step on the stones carved with crucifixes, and later picks up a cross and gently puts it back on a table. In the marching column of Christian citizens, Balian finds Sibylla, who has renounced her claim as Queen of Jerusalem and other cities and also has officially separated from Guy. They hold each other's hands, as they smile at each other and walking towards to the sea. Balian returns back to his village in France. As he walks around his house, he reflects on how much time has passed by and how much he is now a reborn man. Then, a column of English knights ride through the village, looking for Balian, whose legendary reputation has spread throughout Europe as the defender of Jerusalem. Balian replies that he is the blacksmith, and the man identifies himself as King Richard I of England, and they are commencing a new Crusade to retake Jerusalem from Saladin. Balian responds that he is still the blacksmith and Richard and his knights rides off. Balian is joined by Sybilla, and passing by the grave of Balian's wife, they leave the village for good and ride towards a new life together. An epilogue states the following: "The King, Richard the Lionheart, went on to the Holy Land and crusaded for three years. His struggle to regain Jerusalem ended in an uneasy true with Saladin. Nearly a thousand years later, peace in the Kingdom of Heaven remains elusive." 
 The Hills Have Eyes (2006)431) A traveling family falls victim to a group of mutated cannibals in a desert far away from civilization. While celebrating their 30th wedding anniversary, a couple are traveling through the desert with their 3 children, son in law and their baby granddaughter. While the rest of the family agrees there are plenty of better and more appropriate things to do to celebrate an anniversary, they make do with what they have, but things take a turn after a sketchy gas station attendant informs them about a "short cut" that will take them in between a series of hills in the desert. It doesn't take too long before they realize they're not alone and the hills indeed do have eyes. ahmetkozan Wes Craven produces this remake of his 1977 classic of the same name, about the Carters, an idyllic American family travelling through the great American southwest. But their trip takes a detour into an area closed off from the public, but more importantly from society. An area originally used by the U.S. Government for nuclear testing that was intended to be empty...or so they thought? When the Carter's car breaks down at the old site, they're stranded...or are they? As the Carters may soon realize that what seemed like a car casually breaking down, might actually be a trap. This trap might be perpetrated by the inhabitants of the site who aren't pulling a prank, but are out to set up a gruesome massacre. mystic80 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins with three men testing for radioactivity in the New Mexico desert. Suddenly a bloody man jumps into one of the men view, begging for help. Pluto, a mutant disfigured by nuclear testing stabs one of the men and violently bangs him on the ground. The other two men are then quickly slaughtered and chained to the back of a car, which is driven away. Ethel Carter (Kathleen Quinlan) and her husband, "Big" Bob Carter (Ted Levine), a retired police detective, are traveling from Cleveland, Ohio to San Diego, California on their silver wedding anniversary. Also present is their daughter Brenda (Emilie de Ravin), son Bobby (Dan Byrd), eldest daughter Lynn (Vinessa Shaw), her husband Doug Bukowski (Aaron Stanford), their baby daughter Catherine (Maisie Camilleri Preziosi), and the German Shepherds, Beauty and Beast. While Big Bob talks to the gas station manager, we see a mutant grab Bobby's red sweatshirt out of the car and run off. Bobby and Brenda head away from the building and Bobby goes into a nearby outhouse. He is urinating when he sees someone watching him through the window. It was the mutant who stole his red sweatshirt from the car. After believing one of the family has seen the contents of the holdall, the attendant tells Bob of a shortcut through the hills which is actually the secret trap. After driving a few miles along the shortcut, the tires are punctured by a hidden spike belt and the truck's wheels burst, causing the truck to crash into a nearby ditch. Bob walks back to the gas station for a tow truck, and Doug walks the opposite way to get help. Meanwhile, the remaining members of the family are being watched by someone through a pair of binoculars. Beauty runs off into the hills and Bobby chases after her, eventually finding her gutted corpse. Frightened and distraught, Bobby runs off, but slips and falls, knocking himself unconscious. A young female mutant named Ruby, who had stolen his sweatshirt, (Laura Ortiz) comes across him and is intrigued by him, while her brother Goggle (Ezra Buzzington) chews over the dead dog. Later, Bob finally makes it to the station and finds the hysterical gas station attendant, who commits suicide by shooting himself in the head. In fear, Bob tries to flee from the scene in a car. But he gets attacked by the mutant leader, Papa Jupiter (Billy Drago), and gets carried off into the mining caves nearby by Jupiter, along with Jupiter's eldest son, Lizard (Robert Joy), and Pluto. When Bobby awakes, he returns to the trailer and does not tell his family of Beauty's demise. Lynn tells him that they tried the CB and heard heavy breathing. Beast breaks free of his chain and runs into the hills where he finds what's left of Beauty. Doug returns from the road he traveled, a dead end which ended in a bomb crater filled with cars, with a fishing pole, a baseball bat, and a teddy bear. Bobby is worried about his father who has not yet returned; Doug promises Bobby they will search for Bob if he does not return by midnight. As they try to sleep, Pluto sneaks into the trailer, finds Brenda, and attempts to rape her. Outside the trailer, Bobby wakes up Lynn and Doug, telling them about the people in the hills, and of Beauty's death. Inside Pluto holds Brenda down and prevents her from screaming. The others are about to discover Pluto when suddenly, an explosion in the distance draws their attention. Discovering that Bob has been tied to a tree and set on fire, Doug runs into the trailer to fetch a fire extinguisher as Lizard slips inside unnoticed. As everyone unknowingly leaves the helpless Brenda alone with the two violent men, Lizard notices Pluto's unsuccessful efforts to rape Brenda. Furious, he throws Pluto off and does it himself. Pluto then sees Catherine in her crib and observes her as Lizard continues to rape Brenda. Doug manages to put out the fire, and unties Bob, already dead, while Lynn returns to the trailer to see why Brenda is screaming and is greeted by Lizard, holding baby Catherine and Big Bob's gun while Pluto is holding Brenda. After Lynn hits him with a frying pan, Lizard disarms her and threatens Catherine with the gun. He forces open Lynn's blouse and sucks the milk from her breasts. Ethel enters with a large flat rock, attempting to pulverize Lizard, but Pluto calls out to warn him. Lizard, spotting her, shoots her in the stomach. Lynn then uses a screwdriver and stabs Lizard, who then shoots her in the head. Pluto and Lizard flee the trailer, holding Brenda and Catherine hostage. When Lizard hears Doug and Bobby approaching, he tries to shoot Brenda, but the gun is out of bullets. He promises Brenda that he will be back for her before fleeing with Pluto, who still has the baby. Doug and Bobby return to the trailer, discover the bodies, and realize that Catherine has been taken. Goggle, the mutant who killed Beauty, watches the trailer through binoculars, but he is attacked and killed by Beast. The next morning, Doug goes off in pursuit of their attackers; Beast leads Doug through a tunnel that contains the graves of miners. Once out of the tunnel, Doug finds an abandoned nuclear testing village and enters the house where Catherine is kept, but is knocked unconscious by Big Mama (Ivana Turchetto), who he thought was busy watching television. He then awakes in an icebox where the mutants keep the bodies of their victims. He panics and bangs on the plastic cover, eventually knocking it loose. He returns to his task of finding Catherine, only to encounter Big Brain (Desmond Askew), who tells him the story of the mutants, who were mutated by the fallout from the nuclear tests, and then getting attacked by Pluto who breaks through a door. After a fierce struggle, during which Doug loses the ring finger and pinkie on his left hand, he is able to trick him by pretending to cry. Pluto laughs and gets momentarily distracted, giving Doug time to slam a screwdriver through his foot and the floor, pinning him down. He then takes a small American flag and shoves it through the back of Pluto's throat, and finally finishes him by slamming the blade of his own axe into his head. Doug then surprises the mutant Cyst (Gregory Nicotero) outside the house and uses Pluto's axe to kill him, chopping his knee open and knocking him over the hood of a car, where he is axed in the back and is finally killed when Doug swings the pick end into his eye. Doug takes his shotgun and heads off. Big Brain tells Lizard to kill Catherine, but is killed by Beast. Lizard takes a cleaver and prepares to kill Catherine, but finds that instead of Catherine, it is a pig. Ruby has taken Catherine and run into the hills. Lizard knows this and begins to chase her, enraged by her deceit. Doug sees Ruby on the hill and chases her as well. At the trailer, Ethel's body is stolen and dragged into the hills, and Bobby finds Papa Jupiter eating Ethel's heart. Jupiter pursues Bobby to the trailer, where Brenda releases gas from the propane tanks as Bobby runs inside, attaching a strip of matches to the sliding door behind him. Bobby binds Papa Jupiter's hand to the window. After he and Brenda escape, Jupiter breaks free of the bungee cord, and opens the sliding door, which strikes the matches and ignites the gas inside the trailer, causing it to explode. In the hills, Ruby is about to return Catherine to Doug when Lizard attacks. Doug beats and then shoots Lizard in the chest, neck, and finally the shoulder. Ruby gives Catherine back to Doug, who does not notice Lizard stand up, having survived. Ruby throws herself at Lizard, plunging them over a cliff, stopping Lizard from shooting Doug and Catherine and sacrificing herself in the process. Bobby and Brenda walk through the ruins of their trailer and find Papa Jupiter still alive, though impaled. Brenda kills Papa Jupiter with a pickax to the head. Brenda then spots Doug with Catherine and Beast, and the four are reunited. As they celebrate their apparent victory, a pair of anonymous binoculars watches from the hills. (Source: Wikipedia) 
 The Mummy Returns (2001)761) The mummified body of Imhotep is shipped to a museum in London, where he once again wakes and begins his campaign of rage and terror. Many years ago, in Ancient Egypt, the Scorpion King led a menacing army, but when he sold his soul to Anubis, he was erased from history. Now he is only a myth...or is he? Rick and Evelyn O'Connell are still discovering new artifacts, along with their 8 year old son Alex. They discover the Bracelet of Anubis. But someone else is after the bracelet. High Priest Imhotep has been brought back from the dead once again and wants the bracelet, to control the Scorpion King's army. That's not the only problem. Imhotep now has Alex and with the bracelet attached to him, doesn't have long to live. Film_Fan This big-budget sequel from writer/director Stephen Sommers navigates much of the same cliffhanger territory as George Lucas and Steven Spielberg's Indiana Jones franchise. It is 1933, eight years after the events of The Mummy (1999). Legionnaire Rick O'Connell Brendan Fraser has married his Egyptologist girlfriend Evelyn Carnahan (Rachel Weisz) and the couple has settled in London, where they're raising their young son Alex (Freddie Boath). The family's domestic tranquility is shattered when the 3,000-year-old mummified corpse of Imhotep (Arnold Vosloo), which has been shipped to the British Museum, is resurrected once again to resume his evil quest for immortality. In the meantime, another ancient threat emerges in the form of the Scorpion King (professional wrestler Dwayne Johnson, aka. the Rock), a mighty warrior frozen in time with his supernatural army. In order to save his family, Rick is forced to seek a mythical pyramid of gold, facing marauding bands of pygmy skeletons, among other hazards. ahmetkozan Eight peaceful years after Imhotep's first reincarnation in The Mummy (1999) , Pharaoh Seti's evil high priest comes back from the dead once more, to disrupt the easy family life of the O'Connells and their eight-year-old son, Alex. As if that weren't enough, yet another destructive force--the ancient warlord, Scorpion King--breaths again, while in the meantime, a mystical artefact, the Bracelet of Anubis, seals the fate of both Evelyn and her innocent son. Now, it's up to brave Rick, Evelyn's brother, Jonathan, and the Medjay protector, Ardeth Bay, to save the day, as the world is on the brink of demise by hordes of millennium-old adversaries. Can they survive dark Anubis' wrath when the Mummy returns? Nick Riganas Another legend. Another monster. Another quest for the world! The Scorpion King. A legendary warrior who sold his soul to Anubis was erased from record in the ancient kingdom. His existence was lost to the sands, preserved only in mythology. But there is truth to the myth. In the desert of Ahm Shere, in a golden pyramid, sleeps the Scorpion King. And he, or whomsoever may kill him, may command the demonic and undefeatable Army of Anubis! Ten years after the cursed high-priest Imhotep was resurrected and defeated by Rick O'Connell and Evelyn and Jonathon Carnahan, he is resurrected once again by a mysterious woman Meela armed with the knowledge of centuries! Together, Imhotep and Meela have one goal: Defeat the Scorpion King and use his army to destroy mankind! Meanwhile, Rick and his wife, Evelyn, are busy raising their son, Alex. On the Egyptian New Year, Evie begins having dreams about ancient Egypt, which lead her straight to the Bracelet of Anubis. Meela's henchmem come for it, but Ardeth Bey appears as well. Ardeth explains the legend, the mythos, and the problem. Now it becomes a race against time to get to Ahm Shere. Will Rick defeat the Scorpion King and send the Army back to the underworld? Or will Imhotep do so and rule the world? Or worse... Is the Scorpion King so powerful that he cannot be defeated, and he himself will raise the Army for global victory? Maxamillian King The story is set in 1933, approximately 7 years after the events of the first film. Rick O'Connell is now married to Evelyn and the couple has settled in London, where they are raising their 8-year-old son Alex. When a chain of events finds the corpse of Imhotep resurrected in the British Museum, the mummy Imhotep walks the earth once more, determined to fulfill his quest for immortality. But another force has also been set loose in the world... one born of the darkest rituals of ancient Egyptian mysticism, and even more powerful than Imhotep. When these two forces clash, the fate of the world will hang in the balance, sending the O'Connells on a desperate race to save the world from unspeakable evil, and rescue their son before it is too late... MicroPisti <micropisti@freemail.hu> Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In 3067 BC, a warrior known as the Scorpion King (Dwayne Johnson), led his army on a campaign to conquer the known world. After seven years of fighting, the Scorpion King and his army were defeated and exiled to the desert of Ahm Shere. One by one they died of heat exhaustion, leaving only the Scorpion King who swears an oath to Anubis, god of the underworld, exchanging his soul for the power to defeat his enemies. Anubis grants his wish, creating an oasis to hide the Scorpion King's pyramid and by giving him his army, an endless legion of demonic anthropomorphic jackal-headed warriors, to exact his revenge. The Army of Anubis sweeps across Egypt, destroying everything in its path, but once their task was finished, Anubis claims the Scorpion King's soul and his army. In 1933, Rick (Brendan Fraser) and Evelyn O'Connell (Rachel Weisz) are exploring a pyramid in the ancient Egyptian city of Thebes with their son, Alex. Within, they discover and collect the Bracelet of Anubis which sets off a trap causing Rick and Evelyn to narrowly escape the pyrmaid as it floods with water. Meanwhile, Alex encounters three looters who flee after the walls start to collapse. Back in London, Alex puts the bracelet on which mystically provides him with directions to the oasis of Ahm Shere. Since it is the year of the Scorpion, Alex has seven days to reach the oasis, or the bracelet would kill him on the eighth day the moment the rays of the sun shine on him; at that point the Scorpion King and his army will also reawaken. Later, Alex is captured by an Egyptian cult who have resurrected Imhotep: their purpose for doing so is to use Imhotep's power to defeat the Scorpion King, which would give him command of the Army of Anubis. The cult, led by Baltus Hafez (Alun Armstrong), the curator of the British Museum, includes a psychopathic warrior named Lock-Nah and Meela Nais, the reincarnation of Imhotep's love Anck-su-namun. The O'Connells set out to rescue Alex, accompanied by Evelyn's brother Jonathan and their old mate-in-arms, the Medjai Ardeth Bay. Rick's associate from his past adventures, Izzy, an airship pilot, provides transportation. The instructions are given to Alex in stages, and he leaves clues to the next location for his parents to find. Ardeth sends a message to a growing army of his fellow Medjai, intended to stop the army of Anubis as it awakens. Along the way, the O'Connells learn of their connections to Imhotep and the Scorpion King himself: in a past life, Evelyn was Nefertiri, daughter of Seti I and protector of the Bracelet of Anubis. Rick is a Medjai, trusted to protect Evelyn. Together with their son Alex, who is the path to Ahm Shere, they make up the three sides of a pyramid. In the meantime, Imhotep brings Anck-su-namun's soul back from the underworld and places it in Meela's body, restoring her completely. As the two groups arrive at the oasis where the Scorpion King's temple lies, the cultists are attacked by mummified pygmies and ambushed by Rick, Evelyn, Jonathan, and Ardeth. The cultists are all killed with the exception of Hafez, their leader. Lock-Nah is then killed by Ardeth, who leaves the group to assume command of the Medjai army. Rick saves Alex and manages to get him to the pyramid moments before the bracelet can kill him, and Alex is able to remove it. However, when Jonathan and Evelyn catch up, Anck-su-namun walks into the pyramid courtyard with Imhotep and stabs Evelyn in the stomach, killing her. Hafez takes the bracelet and uses it to release the Army of Anubis, whom the Medjai engage in battle. Imhotep's powers are stripped from him by Anubis, forcing him to fight the Scorpion King as a mortal. Rick enters the temple as Imhotep summons the Scorpion King, now in the form of a half-human, half-scorpion monster. Imhotep feigns allegiance to the King, who then focuses his wrath on Rick, killing Hafez when he stumbles in. Meanwhile, Jonathan distracts Anck-su-namun while Alex uses the Book of the Dead to revive his mother; and Evelyn engages in a battle with Anck-su-namun. At the same time, Ardeth and the remnants of the Medjai army defeat the first wave of Anubis warriors, only to discover what they fought was only the vanguard, and now the full force of Anubis' army is bearing down on them. Outnumbered, the Medjai prepare to make their last stand. Rick's battle is going badly, but he sees a series of illustrations on the walls depicting a person sharing the mark on his wrist. The illustrations reveal that the Scorpion King can be killed by the Spear of Osiris, which Jonathan has been carrying throughout the film. Although Jonathan's attempt to throw the spear results in Imhotep catching it and nearly delivering the blow himself, Rick is able to intercept it and stab the Scorpion King himself. He orders him (and his army) back to the underworld, turning both the Scorpion King and the Army of Anubis into sand, seconds before they hit the Medjai lines. Rick and Imhotep race to escape the now-collapsing pyramid temple. A chasm leading to the underworld appears, and Rick and Imhotep fall in, barely managing to cling onto the edges of the opening. Evelyn enters the room and manages to save Rick, but Anck-su-namun is unwilling to do the same for Imhotep. Shocked and heartbroken, Imhotep willingly casts himself into the chasm; meanwhile, as she flees, Anck-su-namun accidentally falls into a pit of scarabs and is suffocated. The family climbs to the top of the pyramid and meet up with Izzy. They escape unharmed and with a massive diamond that Jonathan pulled from the top of the pyramid. The group sets off into the sunset, a grateful Ardeth bidding them farewell. 
 Men in Black: International (2019)321) The Men in Black have always protected the Earth from the scum of the universe. In this new adventure, they tackle their biggest threat to date: a mole in the Men in Black organization. After an eye-opening encounter of the third kind, the secret MiB organisation's newest recruit, Agent M, finds herself under the wing of the heroic Agent H in cosmopolitan London, when a shape-shifting duo of intergalactic assassins executes an alien aristocrat. Now, with a devastating super-weapon of mass destruction hidden somewhere on Earth, the Men in Black will leave no stone unturned to retrieve it. However, heavy clouds of mistrust and a scent of betrayal envelop the once-incorruptible agency. Is there a well-placed mole in their midst? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Paris, France 2016 Men in Black (MIB) Agent H (Chris Hemsworth) and London branch director High T (Liam Neeson) arrive at the Eiffel Tower to take out an alien invasion from the creatures calling themselves The Hive. If unleashed, they can wipe out everything in their path. After neuralyzing and shooing away a couple, H and T fight their way into a passage in the tower that leads to The Hive's base of entry. The agents arm themselves as the doors open, and the creatures emerge from the other side. In a flashback to 20 years earlier in Brooklyn, New York City, little Molly Wright (Mandeiya Flory) watches as two MIB agents talk to her parents outside as they are looking for a creature known as a Tarantian. Unbeknownst to them, the creature is in Molly's room, but she sees it as adorable and harmless. The agents neuralyze Molly's parents, but this moment changes her life. As an adult, Molly (now played by Tessa Thompson) has been going through different agencies trying to uncover the secret organization that she has been obsessed with finding since that fateful night, all while working a dead end desk job. She catches a reading of an anomaly on her computer, and she follows the reading to a street in New York where a hidden entry is uncovered when pigeons fly through but disappear. Molly enters and watches MIB agents at the scene of an alien sighting. She throws away her jacket revealing a black suit underneath and tries to sneak into the MIB headquarters, but she is scanned and identified as an unknown intruder. Molly is then met by Agent O (Emma Thompson) when the other agents take her in and attempt to neuralyze her. She saves herself by revealing that she knows all about them after what she saw, and she must have some qualifications to join since SHE found THEM. O is unconvinced until Molly says that she has no life and nothing to live for, and uncovering the truth might give her a purpose. O decides to allow her in as a probationary agent and gives her all that she needs to now become Agent M. In London, H is attempting to catch a known alien gangster during a card game, but he is outed as an MIB agent, and things get out of control as a venomous three-headed worm is set loose upon the place. The other aliens are killed, and both H and the head gangster are bitten, with the gangster's assistant holding the antidote. H convinces her he will give her anything for the cure... so they sleep together. Meanwhile, two alien creatures from the race known as Dyads (Laurent and Larry Bourgeois) arrive on Earth and steal a man's identity after killing him. They encounter small aliens resembling chess figures and try to negotiate to arrange a murder a Jababian. The queen's protector, Pawny (Kumail Nanjiani), attempts to defy the Dyads, until they make their seriousness known. M is sent to London via MIB's special subway. There, she meets High T and learns of MIB's monitoring alien activity from areas far outside the U.S., and they have been made aware of the Dyads' arrival on Earth, and as they are from a planet close to The Hive, the agents fear they may strike again. M soon sees H as he enters a meeting where T tells the agents that a member of the Jababian royal family, Vungus (Kayvan Novak), wants the agents to show him a good time. H is assigned to be Vungus's chaperon, and M manages to get herself in as his partner to join him on the case. M and H go to a nightclub to meet Vungus. H attempts to hook M up with Vungus, but she refuses. The Dyads show up there and infect Vungus with some kind of poison. As his guards bring him out with the agents following, Vungus's car gets blown up in the street. The Dyads emerge and attack, so M and H break out the big guns to fight back. However, the aliens prove to be almost unkillable, as they just absorb whatever energy the MIB hit them with. M goes to Vungus, who gives her a small crystal to keep in her protection. He doesn't trust H and thinks there's a threat within the MIB, and he dies soon after. The Dyads disappear, and the agents are met by Agent C (Rafe Spall), who chews them out for the disastrous outcome. M and H meet with C and T in the aftermath. C suggests they fire and neuralyze M, but H defends her. She brings her suggestion to T that someone in MIB could be a mole. T has more doubts in H's capabilities, as everyone thinks he isn't the same agent he once was. M and H then investigate the poison that Vungus was injected with, as H knows where it can be found. Meanwhile, C is shown surveillance footage of M in possession of the crystal. The agents travel to Marrakech where they find Nasr (also Kayvan Novak), a known dealer who has a living alien beard named Bassam (ALSO Kayvan Novak). They bring up H's relationship with a notorious alien arms dealer named Riza (Rebecca Ferguson). After the agents leave them, Nasr and Bassam spot the Dyads walking by. Nasr then orders Bassam to call Riza. M and H come across a shop where they find a dead body and a secret entrance where they find the dead chess aliens, save for Pawny. After the queen dies, he over-dramatically tries to kill himself, but M convinces him to help them since he is a witness, and Pawny pledges allegiance to M. They leave, and H shows M that he took the crystal from her, and he's disappointed that she didn't trust him enough to let him know. They then spot MIB agents approaching them as they were sent by C. They run back to Nasr and are given a hover bike to get them through the crowd. They escape the town but crash into the desert. T finds C's tactics unethical and it makes him consider that he is the mole. C thinks it's H who can't be trusted, but T still has faith in him. The three discover that the crystal is a super-compressed star that has been designed to be a powerful weapon of mass destruction, which could prove deadly in the hands (or tentacles) of The Hive. They witness its power at the lowest setting when M activates it on H's urging to try it and makes a canyon in the sand. They set up camp for the night and bond for a bit until they find that Bassam stowed away in their canteen, and he steals the crystal to take to Riza. The agents and Pawny fix the hover bike and fly to Riza's fortress. Upon arriving, H uses Pawny as a peace offering to Riza. She is still hung up on their break-up, and so she double-crosses H and tries to have him sent off the island by her henchmen. However, H fights them off and runs back. M makes her way into the fortress and fights Riza while H fights her Tarantian bodyguard Luca (Spencer Wilding). Riza orders him to kill them until M learns he is Tarantian, and she repeats a phrase that the little Tarantian taught her as a child. Luca realizes who M is, and he turns on Riza, but the agents let her off once she gives them back the crystal. As the agents prepare to leave, H tells M that his real name is Henry. Soon, they are cornered by the Dyads. H vows to protect the planet from The Hive, to which the Dyads reply that they are as well. MIB agents then show up and vaporize the Dyads with high voltage weapons. T comes out and congratulates the agents on their success. The other agents celebrate the victory, but M and H feel that something is suspicious after the Dyads indicated they were never working with The Hive. After their case file is found to be deleted, M, H, and C all begin to realize that T might be the actual mole in the organization, but they need to keep it on the low and stop whatever he has planned. M, H, and Pawny take a car-ship-vehicle out and head to find him. C tells the agents that a portal from The Hive has been opened in a nearby sector, in the Eiffel Tower. As they head to the site, M asks H how he and T first beat The Hive, but he only repeats the same exact phrase that has ever been used in describing the event ("with nothing but our wits and Series 7 de-atomizers"), leading them to realize that H was neuralyzed and that The Hive infected T before going into hiding and waiting for the right moment to strike back. They find T, who morphs into the Hive alien and attacks the agents. He takes the crystal and attempts to activate the weapon to destroy the planet. H attempts to reach into T's true human side, just as M gets knocked into the portal. Pawny jumps in and rescues her by pulling her back and flying with his jet pack. T appears to break through briefly, just moments before M gets her hands on the super weapon and sets it to the highest power, blasting the creature into goo and destroying The Hive's whole base. M and H are met by O, and they all mourn the loss of T. She then promotes M to a full time agent, and makes H the probationary director of the London branch. The two agents joined by Pawny head back to London before M goes back to New York. 