nm0006663:

 Without a Trace (20022009)Summaries Series about the special FBI Missing Persons Squad that finds missing people by applying advanced psychological profiling to reveal the victims lives. As any detective can tell you, investigating missing property or deaths is comparatively easy compared to elusive missing people. However in New York City, there is a special unit of the FBI that is designed to find them. Using the vast resources of their bureau, the team, lead by Agent Jack Malone, race against time in the tight 72 hour window after a disappearance while hope for a recovery is still typically possible. Kenneth Chisholm (kchishol@rogers.com) It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Speed 2: Cruise Control (1997)44) A computer hacker breaks into the computer system of the Seabourn Legend cruise liner and sets it speeding on a collision course into a gigantic oil tanker. Annie Porter, the woman who was held on a bus with a bomb attached to it that will go off if it slows down. She dated the cop who saved her but broke up with him because he was constantly putting his life in danger. She would then date a guy named Alex who is also a cop but told her that he does a mundane assignment. But she eventually learns that he works for the same unit that the other guy worked for and is also addicted to danger. She wants to break up with but he surprises her with a cruise. She agrees to go. And he's planning to propose to her. But when he notices another passenger act peculiar, he can't help but try to find out what's up with him. He's Geiger, a computer man who designed the ship's systems, who was fired. He then takes over the ship's systems and sets it on a course that will send it into a tanker. Alex tries to stop him. rcs0411@yahoo.com Annie and her policeman boyfriend Alex decide to take a romantic ocean cruise together. Once at sea, however, one of the passengers, a disgruntled computer genius named Geiger, disables the ship. Alex must now foil Geiger's plans and bring everyone back safely to shore, but how can he outwit a man who can control the entire ship from his keyboard? Jean-Marc Rocher <rocher@fiberbit.net> Annie Porter is thrilled when her boyfriend Alex Shaw presents her with two tickets for a cruise to the Bahamas on a Norwegian luxury liner. The trip is a peace offering presented because Annie has just learned that Alex is a police officer who's been lying to her about his choice of profession. Alex lied because Annie didn't want to date any more cops after what happened with the bus in Los Angeles. The cruise ship's passengers include members of a diamond dealers' association, who have filled the ship's vault with valuable diamonds. Little do they know that passenger John Geiger, the designer of the ship's computer system, has planned to take over the ship, steal the diamonds, and set the ship on a collision course with an oil tanker anchored at the island of St. Martin. Geiger was fired and cast aside by the computer company he worked for, and he wants revenge. Now it's up to Alex to stop him. Todd Baldridge It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Black Hawk Down (2001)431) The story of 160 elite U.S. soldiers who dropped into Mogadishu in October 1993 to capture two top lieutenants of a renegade warlord, but found themselves in a desperate battle with a large force of heavily-armed Somalis. Action/war drama based on the best-selling book detailing a near-disastrous mission in Somalia on October 3, 1993. On this date nearly 100 U.S. Army Rangers, commanded by Capt. Mike Steele, were dropped by helicopter deep into the capital city of Mogadishu to capture two top lieutenants of a Somali warlord. This led to a large and drawn-out firefight between the Army Rangers, US Special Forces, and hundreds of Somali gunmen; resulting in the destruction of two U.S. Black Hawk helicopters. The film focuses on the heroic efforts of various Rangers to get to the downed black hawks, centering on SSG Eversmann, leading the Ranger unit Chalk Four to the first black hawk crash site, Chief Warrant Officer Durant who was captured after being the only survivor of the second black hawk crash, as well as many others who were involved. matt-282 and Corbin L. The film takes place in 1993 when the U.S. sent special forces into Somalia to destabilize the government and bring food and humanitarian aid to the starving population. Using Black Hawk helicopters to lower the soldiers onto the ground, an unexpected attack by Somalian forces brings two of the helicopters down immediately. From there, the U.S. soldiers must struggle to regain their balance while enduring heavy gunfire. Jwelch5742 Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. In early 1990s Somalia, famine and civil war have gripped the country, resulting in over 300,000 civilian deaths and a huge United Nations peacekeeping operation being sent in. With the bulk of the peacekeepers withdrawn by 1993, the Somali militia have declared war on the remaining UN personnel. In response, United States Army Rangers, Delta Force, and 160th SOAR are deployed to Somalia to capture Mohammed Farrah Aidid, self-proclaimed president of the country. Outside Mogadishu, Rangers and Delta Force operatives capture Osman Ali Atto, a warlord selling arms to the militia of Aidid. Shortly thereafter, a mission is planned to capture Omar Salad Elmi and Abdi Hassan Awale Qeybdiid, two of Aidid's top advisers. The US forces include experienced men as well as new recruits, including PFC Todd Blackburn and a desk clerk going on his first mission. When his Lieutenant is removed from duty as the result of a seizure, Staff Sergeant Matthew Eversmann is placed in command of Ranger Chalk Four, his first command. The operation is launched and Delta Force successfully captures Aidid's advisers inside the target building, but the Rangers and helicopters escorting the ground-extraction convoy take heavy fire, while SSG Eversmann's Chalk Four is dropped a block away by mistake. When Blackburn is severely injured after falling from one of the Black Hawk helicopters, three HMMWVs led by SGT Jeff Struecker are detached from the convoy to return Blackburn to the UN-held Mogadishu Airport. SGT Dominick Pilla is shot and killed just as Struecker's column gets underway, and shortly thereafter a black hawk, call sign Super-Six One, piloted by CW3 Clifton "Elvis" Wolcott, is shot down by a rocket-propelled grenade (RPG) and crashes deep within the city. Wolcott and his co-pilot are killed, the two crew chiefs are wounded, and one mortally wounded Delta sniper on board escapes in another helicopter that makes it back to base. The ground forces are rerouted to converge on the crash site, but the Somali militia throw up roadblocks, forcing LTC Danny McKnight's Humvee column off it's planned route, while sustaining heavy casualties. Meanwhile, two Ranger Chalks, including Eversmann's unit, reach Super-Six One's crash site, setting up a defensive perimeter to await evacuation with the two wounded men and the fallen pilots. In the interim, call sign Super-Six Four, piloted by CW3 Michael Durant is also shot down by an RPG, crashing several blocks away. With CPT Mike Steele's Rangers pinned down and sustaining heavy casualties, no ground forces can reach Super Six Four's crash site, nor reinforce the Rangers defending Super Six One. Two Delta snipers, SFC Randy Shughart and MSG Gary Gordon are inserted by helicopter to Super Six Four's crash site, where they find Durant still alive. Despite a valiant effort to defend the downed Black Hawk, the crash site is eventually overrun, Gordon and Shughart are killed, and Durant is captured and taken to Aidid. McKnight's column gives up the attempt to reach Six-One's crash site, and returns to base with their prisoners and the casualties. The men prepare to go back to extract the pinned down Rangers and the fallen pilots and MG Garrison orders the 10th Mountain Division, including Malaysian and Pakistani forces, to mobilize as a relief column. As night falls the Somali militia launch a sustained assault on the trapped Americans at Super Six One's crash site. The militia is held off throughout the night by strafing runs and rocket attacks from AH-6J Little Bird helicopter gunships of the Nightstalkers, until the 10th Mountain Division's relief column is able to reach the site. The wounded and casualties are evacuated in the vehicles, however extracting the bodies of Cliff Wolcott and his co-pilot from the downed Black Hawk turns out to be more involved and the column is forced to stay for nearly four more hours. After everyone and any dead soldiers are secured in the vehicles, the convoy leaves. When space inside the vehicles runs short, a handful of remaining Army Rangers and Delta operatives are forced to run from the crash site back to the stadium, in the UN Safe Zone, a journey dubbed the "Mogadishu Mile" by those who ran. The closing credits detail the results of the raid: 19 American soldiers were killed, with over 1,000 Somalis dead. Durant was released after 11 days of captivity. Delta snipers Gordon and Shughart were the first soldiers to be posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor since the Vietnam War. On August 2, 1996, Aidid was killed in a battle with a rival clan. General Garrison retired from active duty the following day. 
 Miss Congeniality 2: Armed & Fabulous (2005)541) After Heather Burns (Cheryl Frasier) and Stan Fields (William Shatner) are kidnapped, Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) goes undercover in Las Vegas, Nevada to find them. Because of the notoriety she gained from the Miss United States pageant, Gracie Hart's (Sandra Bullock's) life as an undercover F.B.I. Agent is over. In addition, Agent Eric Matthews (Benjamin Bratt) broke off their relationship which she did not take well. Begrudgingly on the advice her boss, F.B.I. Assistant Director Harry McDonald (Ernie Hudson), Gracie decides to become the F.B.I.'s media relations officer. Ten months later with the assistance of style coach Joel Meyers (Diedrich Bader) and a best-selling book behind her about her experience, Gracie becomes a designer-clad media darling and the made-up face of the F.B.I. The new Gracie is the exact opposite of Agent Sam Fuller (Regina King), a woman who, like Gracie before her pageant experience, has deep seated anger issues. The two do not get along, but that doesn't stop McDonald from assigning Sam to be Gracie's bodyguard. The two are sent to Las Vegas, Nevada when Gracie's friend, reigning Miss United States Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns), and the long-time Miss United States pageant host Stan Fields (William Shatner) were kidnapped there. At the F.B.I.'s Las Vegas field office, Assistant Director Walter Collins (Treat Williams) wants Gracie solely to be the media spokesperson on the case, but Gracie wants to be back in the field, especially when she uncovers some leads that Collins dismisses. Despite their antagonistic relationship, Gracie and Sam have to work together to follow these leads. Along with them are Joel and insecure F.B.I. Agent Jeff Foreman (Enrique Murciano), the foursome who, in addition to finding Cheryl and Stan, have to elude Collins' other Agents, Collins, who wants Gracie and Sam back on a plane to New York City, and who wants the glory of solving the case for himself. Huggo Sandra Bullock returns as FBI agent Gracie Hart in the second Miss Congeniality movie. Gracie has become well-known by the public after saving Cheryl Frasier ( Heather Burns ) at the Miss United States Pageant, where she was working undercover. Gracie is asked to become the face to the FBI, and give a positive face of the FBI by promoting her book on TV. Gracie has become a celebrity and is no longer a real FBI agent. Her friends from the pageant, Cheryl and Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) are kidnapped in Las Vegas, and Gracie wants to find them. Gracie is ordered by her boss to continue being the face of the FBI, while they find her friends. Gracie can't do that, so she starts her own investigation. Her bodyguard, FBI agent Sam Fuller ( Regina King ), and Gracie go undercover to find her friends, and the fireworks begin. Douglas Young (the-movie-guy) F.B.I. Agent Gracie Hart (Sandra Bullock) is assigned to promote the F.B.I., touring with the brutal Agent Sam Fuller (Regina King) as her bodyguard. While travelling around the country, her friend and Miss United States Cheryl Frasier (Heather Burns) is kidnapped along with Stan Fields (William Shatner), and Gracie decides to investigate the abduction in Las Vegas on her own, and against the direct orders of local F.B.I. Assistant Director Walter Collins (Treat Williams). Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Many weeks after the events of Miss Congeniality (2000) , in which she infiltrated the Miss United States beauty pageant and saved Cheryl Frasier's ( Heather Burns 's) life, a customer recognizes FBI agent Gracie Hart ( Sandra Bullock ) and blows her cover while she tries to thwart a bank heist. Realizing that Gracie's life as an undercover agent is over, FBI assistant director Harry McDonald ( Ernie Hudson ) decides to capitalize on her publicity by offering to appoint her as a Media Relations Officer. Although she isn't taking her recent break-up with agent Eric Matthews, who has since been reassigned to Miami, well, Gracie reluctantly accepts the new position. To fill the void left by the departure of Matthews, the FBI transfer agent Sam Fuller ( Regina King ) from Chicago to New York. Sam has some deep-seated anger issues, much like Gracie before her experience at the pageant, and they don't take to each other at all. Ten months later, with the help of style coach Joel Meyers ( Diedrich Bader ) and a best-selling book about her experiences as an undercover agent behind her, Gracie has become a designer-clad darling of the media and the new "face" of the FBI as she appears on several morning TV programs to dish out some fashion advice and promote the new book. Although the "new" Gracie is the exact opposite of Sam, this doesn't stop Harry from appointing Sam as Gracie's new bodyguard, to Sam's chagrin. When the FBI find out that Cheryl, who is the current Miss United States, and the long-running pageant host Stan Fields ( William Shatner ) are kidnapped in Las Vegas, they send Gracie and Sam there. When they arrive at the FBI's Las Vegas field office, the office's assistant director Walter Collins ( Treat Williams ) only wants Gracie to be the case's media spokesperson while his own agents try and find Gracie's friends, but Gracie goes against his orders and goes undercover to try to find them herself. Sam joins her after getting a lead from video footage of the kidnapping that suggests that it may be Stan rather than Cheryl who is the kidnappers' main target. The FBI are unwilling to lose their "mascot" and have their doubts about whether Gracie is still up to the task. Gracie gets some leads of her own, but when she reports them back to Walter, he dismisses them. This makes Gracie more determined to continue her undercover work, and she has to put her differences with Sam aside so they can work together on following their leads. They are joined in their investigations by Joel and an insecure agent, Jeff Foreman ( Enrique Murciano ). The kidnappers move Stan and Cheryl to the pirate ship at the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino, and make plans to blow the ship up. Gracie, Sam and Joel arrive at the Oasis Drag Club where they dress up as singers and end up performing a number of songs from Tina Turner as part of the club's talent contest. Another contestant who is dressed up as Dolly Parton tells them where Stan and Cheryl are located. Gracie and Sam have to infiltrate the pirate show Sirens of TI and elude other agents deployed by Walter, who is determined to put Gracie and Sam on a plane back to New York and claim the sole credit for solving the case, in order to rescue Stan and Cheryl and save the day. 