nm0005149:

 Spin City (19962002)Summaries Mike Flaherty, the Deputy Mayor of New York City, and his team of half-wits must constantly save the Mayor from embarrassment and the media. Mike is later succeeded by Charlie Crawford. In this sitcom, Deputy Mayor Mike Flaherty (Michael J. Fox) and his City Hall staff must stop the dim-witted Mayor Randall Winston (Barry Bostwick) of New York City from embarrassing himself in front of the media and the voters. The staff consists of Caitlin Moore (Heather Locklear) the Communications Director, Carter Haywood (Michael Boatman) the head of Minority Affairs, Stuart Bondek (Alan Ruck) the Chief of Staff, Paul Lassiter (Richard Kind) the Press Secretary, James Hobert (Alexander Chaplin), the Mayor's Speech Writer, and Nikki Faber (Connie Britton) accountant. In the final two seasons of the show, Mike was replaced by Charlie Crawford (Charlie Sheen). Samantha Rose and Mike Boothroyd This situation comedy takes place in New York City's City Hall. It centers on Mike Flaherty (Michael J. Fox), the Deputy Mayor, who has to protect the slightly moronic Mayor, Randall Winston (Barry Bostwick), from those who want to ruin his political career, and from himself, because he is constantly making an ass of himself and Mike has try and make sure that his little escapades are either not made public or have very little negative effect on the Mayor. Helping Mike is Carter Haywood (Michael Boatman), probably the least quirky member of the mayor's staff and Nikki Faber (Connie Britton) and James Hobert (Alexander Chaplin). Stuart Bondek (Alan Ruck) and Paul Lassiter (Richard Kind) are two members of the staff who cause just as much problems. Mike's secretary, who joined the show during the second season was Stacy Paterno (Jennifer Esposito). Mike's girlfriend during the first season was Ashley Schaeffer (Carla Gugino), but the character was dropped, his next girlfriend, during the following season was Laurie Parres (Paula Marshall), and during the third season it was Nikki Faber (Connie Britton), and in the fourth season it was Caitlin Moore (Heather Locklear), the Mayor's campaign manager. Michael J. Fox left the show after the fourth season. During the next season, the new Deputy Mayor was Charlie Crawford (Charlie Sheen). rcs0411@yahoo.com It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Our America with Lisa Ling (2011 )Summaries It looks like we don't have any Plot for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the Plot Summary submission guide . It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 The View (1997 )Summaries Five women with very different outlooks on politics, Hollywood and it's stars, and current events discuss these and other divisive topics of the day. Originated by Barbara Walters and currently (2021) led by longtime host, Whoopi Goldberg. Created in 1997 by veteran journalist Barbara Walters, "The View" is a daytime talk show hosted by women -- including Whoopi Goldberg, Joy Behar, Sunny Hostin, Meghan McCain, and Sara Haines -- and each offers her take on the day's news during the opening "Hot Topics" segment. Later, the ladies welcome various celebrities, who join them in a chat or perform for the audience. The program also offers tips on beauty, fashion, diet, and relationships. Known for their freewheeling style, the hosts are often lampooned in late-night sketches. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Birth, Wedding, FuneralSummaries Each episode in a different country to reveal its culture through rituals surrounding births, weddings, and funerals. It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 