nm0006610:

 Blade (1998)651) A half-vampire, half-mortal man becomes a protector of the mortal race, while slaying evil vampires. In a world where vampires walk the earth, Blade has a goal. His goal is to rid the world of all vampire evil. When Blade witnesses a vampire bite Dr. Karen Jenson, he fights away the beast and takes Jenson back to his hideout. Here, alongside Abraham Whistler, Blade attempts to help heal Jenson. The vampire Quinn who was attacked by Blade, reports back to his master Deacon Frost, who is planning a huge surprise for the human population. Film_Fan Imbued with the cursed gift of immortality, the invincible half-human/half-vampire hybrid, Blade, embarks on an endless mission to rid humankind of the blood-suckers that infest the Earth. Suppressing his feral thirst for human blood, the preternatural "Day-walker" crosses paths with the megalomaniac vampire, Deacon Frost, whose ambitious plans threaten to end the world as we know it. Now, Blade and his loyal mentor, Whistler, seem to have met their match. Can they put an end to Deacon's nightmarish scheme? Nick Riganas When Blade's mother was bitten by a vampire during pregnancy, she did not know that she gave her son a special gift while dying: All the good vampire attributes in combination with the best human skills. Blade grew up to be a vampire hunter for revenge on his mother's death. The vampires, who managed to infiltrate nearly every major organization, need Blade's very special blood to summon La Magra, the blood god, in order to reign over the human cattle, as they call us. Julian Reischl <julianreischl@mac.com> Blade, along with his life-long friend Whistler battle vampires. Blade was born of a mother bitten by a vampire, he possesses all their strengths and none of their weaknesses. He is known as the day walker because sunlight does not affect him. With the addition of a new ally, Dr. Karen Jenson, Blade endeavors to prevent the evil Frost from unleashing the blood god upon the world. FMJ_Joker Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The story opens in 1967 with a pregnant woman being admitted to a hospital, severely bleeding from the neck. Paramedics think she was attacked by some type of animal. Doctors perform an emergency C-Section, and her baby (a boy) is born alive just as she dies. Thirty years later a young man named Dennis (Kenny Johnson) is riding in a car with an attractive redhead named Racquel (Traci Lords) heading to an underground nightclub (located, oddly, in a slaughterhouse) somewhere in Los Angeles. After addressing the doorman in Russian, Racquel brings the young man into the club. The man is confused and trying to understand the rules of the club. Some of the regulars indifferently push him aside. Saying he needs a drink, the sprinkler suddenly system activates, raining blood down on everyone inside. It is then that he (and the audience) realizes that everyone in the club is a vampire. Dennis desperately tries to get away and winds up at the feet of a menacing figure in a black-leather trenchcoat. The vampires look on this figure with awe, mumbling the words: "it's the Daywalker!" This is our first look at Blade (Wesley Snipes), the vampire killer. Blade pulls out a shotgun and opens fire on the vampires, who instantly burn to ashes when killed. When the gun is knocked out of his hands by Racquel, Blade uses a set of silver stakes to kill Racquel and more vampires, including the disk jockey. Soon all the vamps are either dead or have fled except for one; a heavyset vamp named Quinn (Donal Logue), whom Blade has apparently run into before. Blade pins Quinn to the wall, and then sets him on fire before confronting the last member in the club (the human man from the beginning). Finding no vampire bite marks on Dennis, Blade lets him live and makes his escape as the police arrive. Quinn is extinguished and taken to the local hospital. A morgue technician, Curtis (Tim Guinee) examines his blood and shows the results to Dr. Karen Jenson (N'Bushe Wright), who finds a number of irregularities, including abnormally developed jaw muscles. As they are discussing the test results, Quinn bursts back to life and bites both doctors. Before he can finish Dr. Jenson, Blade shows up and saves her, cutting off one of Quinn's arms. Blade brings Karen, severely weakened and in shock, to his hideout and asks for help from his mentor, an older man named named Whistler (Kris Kristofferson). Whistler injects Dr. Jenson with a solution of garlic essence and silver nitrate and remarks that she has a 50/50 chance of recovering. Meanwhile, a group of vampires are discussing Blade's latest attack on their members. Apparently this club (and to an extent, Quinn) is the property of a vampire named Deacon Frost (Stephen Dorff). Frost wants the vampires to outright rule the humans and use them as a food source while the others (particularly an older vampire named Dragonetti) prefer to maintain a peaceful co-existance. Dragonetti (Udo Kier) in particular does not like Frost because Frost is not a "pure-blood" (ie: was not born a vampire, merely became one through the bite of another). Frost is also arrogant and his & the actions of his followers draw unnecessary attention to the vampire underworld. The next morning, Jenson awakens and wanders into Blade's chamber. She examines the sophisticated sword he carries and finds that the handle is booby-trapped. She then sees Whistler injecting Blade with some type of serum. She tries to run away but Whistler confronts her and tells her that he and Blade are hunting vampires. Karen of course is skeptical, but Whistler goes on to explain the weapons they used to hunt them - vampires are severely allergic to silver & garlic while also being vulnerable to sunlight (ultraviolet rays in particular). Whistler fuels up Blade's car and gives him a new UV flashlight to use when hunting that night. Whistler also gives Karen a type of "vampire mace" (garlic & silver nitrate in a small spray canister). Blade drops Karen off at her apartment and she tries to pack up and get out of town. A police officer, identifying himself as Officer Krieger (Kevin Patrick Walls), arrives and questions her about the events at the hospital last night, as a pretext for trying to attack her. Before he can kill her, Blade returns and subdues the policeman. Blade explains that this officer is a "familiar," (also called a "Renfield" or a "bug-eater") a human slave owned by a vampire. If he completes a series of tasks for a vampire, Krieger will be converted. Blade reveals a tattoo called a "glyph" on the back of the officer's neck and recognizes it as the mark of Deacon Frost. Blade lets Officer Krieger go free in the hopes of tracking him to another vampire club. Blade's hunch pays off and he and Karen arrive at a new underground club and have a confrontation with Pearl (Eric Edwards), a morbidly-obese vampire who works as a record keeper. Pearl confesses that Deacon Frost is researching ancient vampire prophecies... one in particular involving a ritual and a creature named "La Magra." Karen burns Pearl severely with Whistler's giant UV light and Blade steals part of Pearl's hard drive. Blade and Karen move further into the vampire archives and find the giant pages from "The Book of Erebus," the vampire Bible. They are suddenly ambushed by a group of vampires led by Quinn, now healed and having regrown his lost hand. Quinn tortures Blade for information (and for his own amusement) but realizes that Blade has a radio link in his ear. Whistler suddenly arrives (having been listening in the whole time), blowing a hole in the wall and opens fire on the vampires. The three heroes escape through the subway system, and Blade cuts off Quinn's other hand to get away. When he and Karen board a passing subway car, Blade steps back and injects himself with more serum. Karen suspects that Blade is actually a vampire himself, but Blade responds in the negative; he is something completely different. At a vampire club, Officer Krieger arrives where he reports to Frost about Blade and of his new alliance with the doctor, Karen. Frost is angry for letting Blade get away. Frost turns on Krieger, biting his throat and allowing his girlfriend, Mercury (Arly Jover) to join him. Back at the hideout, Whistler explains Blade's history to Karen: Blade was the baby seen in the opening scene; his mother was attacked by a vampire hours before he was born. She died but Blade lived and Whistler found him on the streets, feeding on homeless people. Due to the unique circumstances of his birth, Blade is a hybrid of human and vampire abilities; he can resist garlic and silver, can walk in open sunlight (hence the nickname "Daywalker" given by other vampires) and has enhanced strength and healing abilities just like other vampires, however he also has inherited the vampire's thirst for blood. Whistler developed a serum to curb Blade's cravings, but Blade's body is starting to resist it. Whistler also shares his own history: he was married with children and one night while they were all home, a vampire held Whistler and his family hostage. The vampire killed them all but left Whistler himself alive. Blade also confides in Karen that Whistler is suffering from the middle stages of cancer, but is refusing treatment in order to help in Blade's war against the vampires. Whistler also learns that his attempted cure of Karen was ineffective and that she is growing close to turning into a vampire. Karen refuses to give up, taking a few items from the hospital where she worked to try and find a cure for both her and Blade. The first item she brings (an anti-coagulant formula known as EDTA) is found to have a violent reaction when mixed with vampire blood, so she gives it to Blade for use as a weapon. Meanwhile, Quinn is at Frosts' headquarters, being berated for his second failure. Frost encourages Quinn to go back out and capture Blade alive. Quinn is confused by the order since his boss and all other vampires have been trying to kill Blade for a very long time. Afterward, Frost takes Mercury and his entourage of followers and abducts Dragonetti, taking him to a beach just before sunrise and forcibly ripping out the elder vampire's fangs. Frost's gang shields themselves with sunscreen, black clothing and motorcycle helmets, leaving Dragonetti to burn to death in the sun. Frost confronts the remaining elders of the Vampire Council, asking for 12 people to "volunteer" for his "La Magra" project. While Blade purchases more items for hunting, Whistler and Karen discuss her latest attempt at a cure. Karen is sure that the new formula will work on her, but is unsure what effects it might have on Blade since he was born with vampirism. The stronghold is attacked by Frost's followers and Karen is abducted while Whistler is brutally beaten by the vampires. Blade returns to find Whistler horribly injured and infected by the vampire bites. In an emotional scene, Blade assists Whistler in committing suicide before loading up to raid Frost's stronghold. Blade attacks the Frost compound and kills many of Frosts' followers, even trying the EDTA formula (which makes vampires swell up and explode in a shower of blood). Blade finally reaches the final room of Frost's hideout, where he is confronted by a lone woman who calls him "Eric." It is Blade's mother, reborn as a vampire to serve Frost. Frost ambushes Blade, taking him hostage while revealing that it was he himself who bit Blade's mother while she was pregnant. Blade and Karen are transported to another location, a temple where the ritual of La Magra can be performed. Despondent, Blade asks Karen if she has finished her "miracle cure." Karen says that the cure would presumably rob Blade of his strength and healing powers while neutralizing his thirst, effectively making Blade fully human. Karen and Blade are separated: Karen is dumped into a lower chamber where a berserker vampire has been kept. It is Curtis, who exists as a sort of mindless zombie. Karen battles with him briefly and manages to climb out of the pit. Blade and the 12 members of the Vampire Council are to be used as offerings for Frost's "La Magra" ritual. Blade is put into a large torture device, where most of his blood is extracted for the ritual. The 12 members of the Council are executed and their souls are absorbed by Frost, turning him into La Magra: the Blood God. Karen escapes using the mace previously given to her by Whistler, and frees Blade - now terribly weak. Knowing that there is only one way to get Blade healed in time, Karen requests that Blade feed on some of her blood. Blade resists at first, but finally seeing no other choice, bites Karen. Blade is revived, stronger than ever. Blade's mother suddenly appears and fights Blade, ultimately being stabbed in the heart with a bone. Blade fights his way through the remaining vampire guards, reclaiming his trademark sword and decapitating Quinn to reclaim his sunglasses. Blade then takes on the vampire guards in marital-arts fashion, defeating them all. Mercury attempts to kill Karen who opens fire with a shotgun containing silver buckshot, but Mercury is too fast and knocks the gun out of Karen's hands and easily bests her in hand-to-hand combat. Karen finally kills Mercury by using the garlic mace, spraying Mercury in her mouth just as she is about to bite Karen. Mercury's head explodes in a gory mass of blood and brains. Blade and Frost/La Magra fight, effectively clashing swords. Blade cuts off La Magra's arm and slices him in half, but the Blood God merely regenerates without any effort. La Magra taunts Blade, mentioning the "serum" that Blade is so dependent on. Blade realizes that La Magra is actually referring to the EDTA vials that Blade brought on the hunt. He grabs the packet of vials and throws every one into Frost, who swells up and explodes in a massive shower of blood. Karen and Blade exit the ruins. Blade finally declines the cure, deciding that even with Frost gone there are many other vampires out there and he needs the additional skills. Blade asks Karen to make him a more efficient serum, and she agrees. The movie ends with Blade resuming his hunt for vampires in a Russian-speaking country. 
 Just Like Heaven (2005)761) A lonely landscape architect falls for the spirit of the beautiful woman who used to live in his new apartment. Elizabeth Masterson, a dedicated doctor in San Francisco, had almost no time for anything. When she gets into a tragic car crash and goes into a coma, a landscape architect moves into Elizabeth's apartment for rent - where he meets her amnesiac ethereal form. kayleigh Elizabeth works too much to have time for a boyfriend, but that doesn't stop her sister setting her up on a blind date. On the way home she gets into an accident and goes into a three month coma. While she is in the coma her apartment becomes available for sublet. A landscaper, David, who has lost his wife and basically drinks himself to sleep moves into Elizabeth's apartment. At first David believes she is a hallucination but as time goes on they realize the truth. Only David can see and hear Elizabeth. Eventually they fall for each other but things take a turn for the worse when the hospital and Elizabeth's sister follow her wishes to not artificially prolong life and take her off life support. Kris Hopson Elizabeth Masterson is a dedicated, workaholic doctor who is way to busy for a life. One night, she gets into a horrible car accident and becomes a spirit stuck between heaven and earth. She doesn't know she's dead and thinks nothing has happened until she meets David Abbot, a lonely architect, who rents her old apartment. David thinks he's crazy by seeing Elizabeth's spirit and tries all ways to get rid of her, but she just won't go away. Although the two are complete opposites they somehow may just form a relationship. Anynomous Elizabeth Masterson is a doctor with a life of work, devoid of joy. But when an accident renders her into a spirit, Elizabeth may be forced to live something she has avoided: downtime. However, with her no longer occupying her apartment, it's been given to David Abbott, a good guy but a lonely landscape artist who has caught the ire of Elizabeth. She haunts him as a bitter spirit. She's not willing to give up her place to David, and he's not going to back down from his new home. But as these two continually fight, they might just be attracted to each other. mystic80 The workaholic Dr. Elizabeth Masterson has a car accident after twenty-six hours working in a hospital. Three months later, the landscape architect David Abbott is recovering from the loss of his wife, and rents her apartment with furniture in San Francisco. While living in the place, the spirit of Elizabeth, that only he is able to see, visits and argues with him, but later they fall in love for each other. David tries to find who Elizabeth was, and is surprised with his discovering. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The first scene of Dr. Elizabeth Masterson (Witherspoon) as she sits in a pleasant looking garden surrounded by fog. The camera pans in around the fog and finally to her chair that is completely out of place in the elegant setting. Elizabeth wakes up in a hospital break room/cafeteria where she is told that she fell asleep and needs to go home because she has been there 23 hours. She replies that she can't because she needs to keep working if she wants to get the attending physician slot. It then shows a montage of her working around the hospital. She is obviously good at her job and good with the people she attends. During this time we meet her rival at work, Brett, and learn that they are competing for the attending physician slot. We also learn that her sister is expecting her over for dinner and that dinner was set up for her to meet someone. Once she's off the phone, her and Brett run into their boss, Dr. Walsh. Dr. Walsh informs them that there was a gun shot victim whom they both volunteer to take but since Brett has "only" been there 12 hours that he'll get to get it. After Brett leaves, Dr. Walsh informs Elizabeth that because of her skilled work and genuine care for the patients, she will get the attending physician slot. He then tells her that 26 hours is enough and that she needs to go home. As she is leaving, she sees Brett in the parking lot and there is a good deal of tension between them as he reluctantly congratulates Elizabeth on her being picked for the job. While on her way over to her sister's house for the dinner, she calls her sister to apologize for running late. Her sister, Abby, says it's ok because her date hasn't shown up yet. Just then, she sees a truck coming towards her and the screen fades to black. Cut to David Abbot (Ruffalo) as he is searching for a fully furnished apartment to lease. His realtor is pushing and keeps showing him very odd apartments. As they are just about to give up, wind pushes a flier into his face about an apartment they hadn't seen yet. They go to it and learn that it is a nice apartment but is still on the market because it is being leased on a month-by-month basis due to some mysterious circumstances. David decides its perfect anyways. We now see David sitting around and drinking beer. He doesn't seem to be doing anything else with his days. One day while watching TV, Elizabeth shows up and tells David to leave her apartment. They argue and Elizabeth goes to call the police. David follows her into the next room but when he gets there, she has disappeared. David goes and sees his friend, John, who is also his shrink because he believes he is hallucinating. John tells him that he just needs to get out and that these hallucinations will go away. David decides not to go out and instead to continue to be lazy and drink beer. He also sees Elizabeth a couple more times and begins to think that she may be the ghost of someone who used to live there. He goes to an occult bookstore where he meets Darryl, Heder (Napoleon form Napoleon Dynamite). Darryl gives him some books to read and David goes home to confront Elizabeth. After not being able to convince Elizabeth that she is a ghost and Elizabeth trying to annoy David to the point he'll leave, David hires some people to get ride of the spirit. First is a priest, then some Asian women performing a ceremony, then some tacky "Ghostbusters" and finally Darryl. Darryl says that he can feel Elizabeth and is so strong a spirit that she may not be dead. Darryl also tells David that he needs to let go of the spirit that's hunting him, his wife who passed away. Darryl leaves and Elizabeth presses David about his wife. Apparently, it has been two years since she died and David is still having trouble moving on. David is upset by the conversation and decides to go get drunk with his friend John. Elizabeth follows and forces him out of the bar he went to by possessing him. She then says she needs help finding out what happened to her because she can't remember and David says he will help because otherwise he would be admitting that he was talking to someone that wasn't there and therefore insane. They start by going to all the neighbors and asking about Elizabeth. None of them really knew her but one girl begins hitting on David. They follow some other clues and find out that Elizabeth is in a coma in the hospital where she worked. Also during this time, David explains that he was once a successful architect who specialized in gardens and they go to see some of his work. The garden they end up at is the one that Elizabeth was dreaming about in the beginning of the movie. After they find Elizabeth's body, David goes home and Elizabeth decides to stay with it. With being about to walk through walls, Elizabeth checks in on some of her friends and finds that Brett, her rival from the beginning of the movie, got the attending physician slot. Abby, Elizabeth's sister, comes in to visit and learns that Elizabeth had a living will but the decision to let her die will be left up to her. Elizabeth rushes back to the apartment to find that the neighbor girl is there and putting the moves on David. The neighbor girl goes into the bedroom and asks David to come in. Elizabeth is a bit dejected and goes to wait on the roof until David is done. David shows up on the roof and said that he sent the neighbor girl home. Elizabeth then tells David that she originally got the apartment so she could put a garden on the roof. David says that he won't let Elizabeth die. They first go talk to Darryl who tells them not to try to figure out how to put Elizabeth back in her body but why only David can see her. They then go over to Abby's house to convince her not to sign the paper work, but she already has and ends up chasing David out with a butcher knife when he says he can see Elizabeth's spirit. Knowing that Elizabeth is going die in the morning, Elizabeth asks David to just stay up and talk with her. In the morning, David says that he will steal Elizabeth's body so that they can put it somewhere safe because he won't let her die. Elizabeth says that in order to even have a chance to do that, they need someone with a van and no morals. Enter David driving John's van while they are going to the hospital. Once there, David explains that his imaginary friend is actually alive and is able to convince John of this because John knows Abby. In fact, David was suppose to be the blind date at dinner Elizabeth was going to but David got cold feet and Elizabeth got in a car accident. As John and David are stealing Elizabeth's body, Brett stops them. David ends up punching Brett out and getting security called on him. While John and David are fleeing security, the respirator keeping Elizabeth alive gets pulled out and she starts to die and her spirit starts to fade. As a last effort, David kisses Elizabeth, which brings her spirit back but is quickly pulled off by security. Elizabeth's spirit fades as David watches. Then, her body comes back to life and she wakes up. Seeing David was able to bring Elizabeth back to life, they let him go. But Elizabeth doesn't remember David. David leaves looking very depressed. Enter another montage where both Elizabeth and David look sad. When the montage ends, Elizabeth is moving back into her apartment, which David had to leave because he only had it on a month-to-month basis. She says that it feels like something is missing but can't figure out what. While looking around, Elizabeth goes up to the roof where David is just finishing up her garden. David says that he just wanted her to have her garden and that he used the spare key that she had told him about when she was a "ghost". Elizabeth says she knows him but can't remember from where. David says he doesn't want to scare her and begins to leave but stops to give the spare key to her. When they touch, Elizabeth remembers everything and they kiss. The camera pans up and the apartment turns into a snow globe in Darryl's hands who says, "Righteous." 
 The Tao of Steve (2000)Summaries Underachieving, overweight kindergarten teacher Dex finds a woman who forces him to reexamine his Zen-like system of seduction. In his early 30s, the beer-bellied Dex has things figured out. He's widely read in philosophy, he's studied Steve McQueen the prototypical cool American hero, and he's distilled Buddhism and Taoism into three laws that make him a hit with women: don't express desire, do something heroic in front of her, then retreat. A part-time job with young children, beer, guys, Frisbee golf, pool, poker, his dog Astro, and sex: what could be missing? Then, at his ten-year college reunion, Dex meets Syd, and the "Tao of Steve" may not be enough to get him what he wants. Plus, Syd remembers something important that Dex has forgotten. Can a cool smart guy, 50 pounds overweight, find his bliss? <jhailey@hotmail.com> It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Zodiac (2007)431) Between 1968 and 1983, a San Francisco cartoonist becomes an amateur detective obsessed with tracking down the Zodiac Killer, an unidentified individual who terrorizes Northern California with a killing spree. A serial killer in the San Francisco Bay Area taunts police with his letters and cryptic messages. We follow the investigators and reporters in this lightly fictionalized account of the true 1970's case as they search for the murderer, becoming obsessed with the case. Based on Robert Graysmith's book, the movie's focus is the lives and careers of the detectives and newspaper people. tom day Robert Graysmith is a cartoonist who works for the San Francisco Chronicle. His quirky ways irritate Paul Avery, a reporter whose drinking gets in the way of doing his job. The two become friends thanks to a shared interest: the Zodiac killer. Graysmith steadily becomes obsessed with the case, as Avery's life spirals into drunken oblivion. Graysmith's amateur sleuthing puts him onto the path of David Toschi, a police inspector who has thus far failed to catch his man; Sherwood Morrill, a handwriting expert; Linda del Buono, a convict who knew one of the Zodiac's victims; and others. Graysmith's job, his wife and his children all become unimportant next to the one thing that really matters: catching the Zodiac. J. Spurlin Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film starts on July 4, 1969, with the Zodiac killer's second attack. After shooting Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau at a lovers' lane in Vallejo, the killer calls 911, and reports his actions. Mageau survives while Ferrin dies from her injuries. Four weeks later, a letter written by the Zodiac arrives at the San Francisco Chronicle. An encrypted letter is included, as well as a demand that the newspaper publish the letter or the Zodiac will kill again. Similar demands with different encrypted letters, have also been sent to the Vallejo Times and the San Francisco Examiner. Paul Avery (Robert Downey, Jr.), a Chronicle crime reporter, soon begins to investigate for the newspaper. The encrypted letter catches the eye of the Chronicle's political cartoonist, Robert Graysmith (Jake Gyllenhaal). Eventually, the encryption is cracked by a history teacher in Salinas, California. However, there are some left-over letters that haven't been deciphered, and Graysmith begins trying to figure them out, catching Avery's attention. Along with the extra symbols, is a symbol that Avery says looks like a "gun sight." The Zodiac killer strikes again in September of 1969, confronting and stabbing Bryan Hartnell and Cecelia Shepard (Pell James) at Lake Berryessa in Napa County. Shepard dies as a result of the attack, while Hartnell survives. Zodiac then sends a new letter to the Chronicle, in which he calls man "the most dangerous game of all." Robert sparks to the line, recalling it as a line from a film, based on a book called "The Most Dangerous Game." Soon afterward, San Francisco taxicab driver Paul Stine is shot and killed in the city's Presidio Heights district. San Francisco police detectives Dave Toschi (Mark Ruffalo) and his partner Bill Armstrong (Anthony Edwards) are assigned to the case, but the actions of the killer (whom they do not know is the Zodiac at the time), seem perplexing. It is shortly after this that the Chronicle receives a new Zodiac letter, with a piece of the cab driver's bloody shirt. The Zodiac also states in the letter, that he plans to attack city school buses. Toschi and Armstrong soon find themselves liaising with other detectives such as Jack Mulanax (Elias Koteas) in Vallejo and Ken Narlow (Donal Logue) in Napa, reviewing the evidence on Zodiac. While the SFPD was able to get a partial fingerprint from the taxi cab crime scene, Narlow tells how a ranger accidentally destroyed the Napa crime scene. However, they did find "Wing Walker" boot prints on the ground, with the footwear only able to be purchased with a Military ID. Armstrong attempts to get an interview with Michael Mageau (the survivor of the Zodiac's second killing), but is informed by Vallejo PD that he is no longer in town. The different police departments also find themselves struggling to communicate between each other, given that much of the sending of material evidence has to be done exclusively through postal mail. In their own little conversations afterwards, Avery and Greysmith, as well as Toschi and Armstrong, question the Zodiac's motives. The cab driver is his first killing that doesn't involve a couple...leading the two groups of men to believe he's trying to break his pattern. Soon afterward, the Zodiac ( or someone claiming to be him), requests to call into an early morning talk show, and speak with celebrity lawyer Melvin Belli (Brian Cox). A deep-voiced man who goes by the name of "Sam" calls in. Giving into Melvin's request to meet, Sam says to go to a church in Daly City. Melvin and the SFPD rush to the scene, but Sam is a no-show, and it is soon revealed that the caller was someone from a mental institution. Even Bryan Hartnell (the survivor of the Zodiac's third killing), confirms the voice does not belong to the man he encountered at Lake Berryessa. Another letter soon arrives at the Chronicle, taunting the police, and including instructions for creating an explosive device. It is after this that Avery and Graystone have a conversation about their interest in the letters. Graystone explains his liking of puzzles, that made the challenge to solve the Zodiac's ciphers intriguing. He also tells of a number of different codes he found that were included in the letters...including one referred to as "the Zodiac alphabet." The Zodiac sends a letter to Melvin Belli for Christmas of 1969, and through the Spring and Summer of 1970, sends a number of letters to the Chronicle, once again taunting the police, and claiming responsibility for a number of incidents. The Chronicle soon decides to stop publishing the letters, once Avery calls into question just how truthful the Zodiac is. Paul also confides to Graysmith, that the "gun sight" symbol on the letters, appears to have been copied from the symbol for the Zodiac brand of watch. Avery writes a number of unflattering stories about the Zodiac, and is "rewarded" for this with a personal letter from the Zodiac, along with a piece of the cab driver's bloody shirt. Paul attempts to find out more about the Zodiac, and meets with an unspecified source in Riverside, California. From this, Avery believes he has found evidence of the Zodiac's first murder victim (predating the 1969 shooting of Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau). This sends Toschi and Armstrong to Riverside to investigate. The evidence seems similar, but they rule out it being an exact match to their killer. However, Paul Avery's stories convince much of the viewing public, infuriating Toschi. Avery's article soon brings all sorts of people to Toschi and the SFPD, many of them claiming to know the Zodiac's identity. Of all the interviews, one about a man named Arthur Leigh Allen (John Carroll Lynch), sounds very promising. Toschi, Armstrong and Mulanax then go to question Arthur, though turn up nothing concrete. They interview several of Arthur's family, who turn over handwriting samples for study. However, handwriting expert Sherwood Morrill's review of the letters, shows no connections. Eventually, Toschi and is told by Arthur's family that he has moved to Santa Rosa. A warrant is issued by the Santa Rosa PD, and Toschi and Armstrong search Arthur's trailer. They find a number of weapons, and soon confront Arthur when he arrives home. However, after getting a new handwriting sample and checking his prints, nothing of Arthur's matches any of the information on file for Zodiac, infuriating Toschi that his best lead didn't pan out. Trying to unwind, Toschi and his wife go to see the film "Dirty Harry." After it ends, Toschi meets Graysmith in the lobby. Robert assures Toschi that he'll catch the Zodiac, but Toschi seems very unsure. Four years later, it is 1975. In that time, Graysmith has remarried, and has restarted having a family. Paul Avery meanwhile, has had his sanity take a nose-dive, quitting the Chronicle and going to work for the Sacramento Bee. Dave Toschi is thrown for a loop when his partner Bill Armstrong tells him he is quitting homicide, and moving over to the fraud department. Throughout this time, the Zodiac has been silent. When Graysmith's wife Melanie (Chlo Sevigny) mentions all the Zodiac stuff he's collected over the years, Robert visits Paul, and tells him about wanting to write a book about Zodiac. However, Robert's hopes are dashed when Paul tells him that he no longer has any of his stuff on the killer, and chastises the curious man. Robert next inquires to Dave Toschi. Though Toschi claims he can't help Robert, he quietly tells him to inquire to Ken Narlow in Napa. Narlow allows Robert to look through the Napa Police's evidence on the case Darlene Ferrin and Mike Mageau. Robert then tells Toschi that Darlene seemed to have a number of admirers, and it's possible the person who is the Zodiac, may have been one of them. Plus, there were suspicious phone calls with heavy-breathing on the line, made to a number of Darlene's relations on the night she was murdered, further making Graysmith believe the killer knew her. Robert claims he needs to find Darlene's sister, but Toschi also recommends he inquire to Melvin Belli. Robert pays the lawyer a visit, and in an interesting discussion with one of his housekeeper's, is informed that the Zodiac talked to her. Mr Belli was not home, and the Zodiac informed the housekeeper that he "had to kill, because it was his birthday" that day. This evidence allows Robert to narrow down the dates to December 18th through the 20th, and while Toschi recommends he check the Department of Justice for information, he doesn't get much help. It is soon after, that Robert gets a call at home, from a man who claims that the Zodiac's real name is Rick Marshall, and a man named Bob Vaughn has film canisters with evidence showing Rick is the Zodiac. Robert also goes to talk to Sherwood Morrill about fingerprints and handwriting samples. During the talk, Sherwood tells how a man named Wallace Penny, told him a man named Rick Marshall was the Zodiac, shocking Robert that the man who called him, also spoke to Sherwood! Back at the SFPD, Toschi is called in when the department receives their first Zodiac letter in four years. However, some assume that Toschi forged the letter, and the suspicions lead to him being kicked off of the homicide division. Robert attempts to speak to Toschi, but Dave refuses to answer any questions about Rick Marshall. Robert then goes up to Napa, and speaks with Ken Narlow. Narlow tells how he had interviewed Rick Marshall, but was never able to get fingerprints of handwriting samples from him. Hoping to find Marshall, Robert calls up Morrill, and gets the number of Wallace Penny. Wallace sends Robert one of the posters he claims Rick drew for a silent movie house. Morrill examines it, and sees some small similarities to Zodiac, but needs more information to review. By now, the case has consumed Robert's life. He loses his job at the Chronicle, and his wife takes the kids and leaves, fearful that the Zodiac may target their family. Someone has also been calling Robert's phone number, breathing heavily, and hanging up. Robert continues trying to track down Darlene Ferrin's sister Linda for help, but also inquires to a Bob Vaughn for help. Vaughn knew Rick Marshall as a theater projectionist a long time ago, though when Robert mentions the posters they are looking through for evidence, Bob claims that he drew all the posters, not Rick. Robert quickly leaves the premises, unsure what to think now. Robert soon after goes to visit Darlene's sister Linda, who is in prison. Robert asks her about a "painting party" that he heard of, where there was a man who was making Darlene feel uneasy. Robert is convinced this was Rick Marshall, but Linda claims it was not a person named Rick...it was some man named "Lee." Robert is convinced that this is Arthur Leigh Allen, and quickly rushes to Toschi's place in the middle of the night to tell him, and the former homicide detective finally relents for a meeting. The two go to a diner, where Robert points out a number of things that could link Arthur to the Zodiac, but Toschi claims all he has is circumstantial evidence. Some even suspected that the Zodiac was someone Darlene may have known, and Arthur lived close to her place of business. Though Toschi claims he can't prove any of what Robert has revealed, he encourages him to finish his book on the Zodiac. The time then cuts to December of 1983. Robert walks into a hardware store in Vallejo and finds himself face-to-face with Arthur Leigh Allen. No words are exchanged, before Graysmith exits the store. Eight years later, in 1991, Mike Mageau meets with authorities, and is shown a number of mugshots. When he is questioned on which of the men could most likely be the Zodiac, he points out Arthur Leigh Allen. In the closing credits, we are given the following information: Arthur Leigh Allen died of a heart attack in 1992, before he could be questioned further by the police. A DNA test conducted in 2002, did not match a partial sample gathered from one of the Zodiac letters. Dave Toschi retired from the San Francisco Police Department in 1989, and was later cleared of the charges that he had forged the 1978 Zodiac letter. Paul Avery passed away in December of 2000, from pulmonary emphysema. Robert Graysmith still lives in San Francisco with his children. The mysterious phone calls he received, also ended around the same time that Allen died. 