nm0000775:

 The Sweetest Thing (2002)Summaries A girl finds she is forced to educate herself on the etiquette of wooing the opposite sex when she finally meets Mr. Right. To ease their roommate through a relationship-induced depression, Christina Walters and Courtney Rockcliffe take her out on the town. During their attempts to find her "Mr. Right Now", Christina meets Peter Donahue. Missing her opportunity with him that night, Christina is talked into pursuing him to his brother's wedding. Sean Lewis <agvii@yahoo.com> Christina Walters spent years avoiding men and then suddenly met her perfect match while hanging out with her best girlfriends Courtney and Jane. Then she finds out that he left town. So she and Courtney set off on a trip. Ruby O'femi It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead (1991)651) Five siblings are left alone all summer when their mom leaves town and the evil babysitter bites the dust. Single mother goes away for the summer. The kids are first delighted but then find that Mom has hired the sitter from hell to stay with them. When the sitter dies of a sudden coronary they deposit the body at a mortuary only to discover all their summer expense money was in her purse. The kids must find a way to survive the summer without mom or her money. This means actual work! John Vogel <jlvogel@comcast.net> When Mrs. Crandell goes on a summer vacation to Australia, she leaves her 5 kids Sue Ellen, Kenny, Zach, Melissa, and Walter in the care of an elderly but cruel babysitter, Mrs. Sturak. When Mrs. Sturak dies, the kids load her body in a trunk and deposit the trunk on the front step of the local funeral home. The kids are ecstatic because they think that with the big wad of cash their mom has left behind, they can have a summer of consumer madness. But when they discover that the money has been buried with Mrs. Sturak, the kids have to fend for themselves to make ends meet. 17-year-old Sue Ellen tries working at a fast food restaurant, but she can't stand the grease, so she puts together a false resume and, posing as a woman in her 20s, she applies for a job as a receptionist at a garment manufacturing company. The company's vice president, Rose Lindsey, is so impressed by her resume that she hires her on the spot as her executive assistant. Her deception looks to be working out great -- Sue Ellen manages to hold off the office lady killer Gus, avoids exposure by the embittered receptionist, borrows money from the company's petty cash box for household incidentals, and continues a relationship with restaurant employee Bryan. But suddenly, the garment firm is set to go under, and Sue Ellen must use her teen fashion sense to save the company and her job, and she has to get her siblings involved. Todd Baldridge A single mom takes a vacation to Australia leaving Sue Ellen, Kenny and the rest of the kids behind. But what they didn't expect was a elderly, vicious babysitter that mom left to take care of them who's ready to make their lives miserable! But suddenly she passes away on the first night! Now the kids figure they can have the summer of their dreams, only they don't have any money for the basics like movies, dates, and pizza. Sue Ellen must find a job, but to make it in the adult world she has fake it from the top of her resume to the trip of her nail polish. If she succeeds, Sue Ellen and the kids are going to have a great summer they'll never forget...so long as they don't tell their mom the baby sitter's dead. Anthony Pereyra <hypersonic91@yahoo.com> The misadventures of five siblings, whose mother goes off on a two month vacation, leaving them under the care of a geriatric babysitter. The babysitter dies, and the fun begins. The oldest sibling, Sue Ellen, is left to fend for her younger siblings, who fight her every step of the way. pattisue Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Sue Ellen Crandell (Christina Applegate) is a 17-year-old high school graduate and dream teen who looks forward to the summer when her divorced mother will be in Australia all summer. In the opening scene, Sue Ellen tells her friends at the clothing shop about her thoughts of a fun-filled summer of freedom in the rural Los Angeles suburbs while the rest of her friends are planning a trip to Europe, with Sue Ellen staying behind, unable to afford going abroad. After arriving home, Sue Ellen's dreams are then abruptly curtailed upon the arrival of elderly Mrs. Sturak (Eda Reiss Merin), whom Mrs. Crandell (Concetta Tomei) has hired as a live-in babysitter for Sue Ellen and her younger siblings: 16-year-old Kenny (Keith Coogan), a heavy metal-loving stoner; 13-year-old Zach (Christopher Pettiet), a romantic ladies' man; 11-year-old Melissa (Danielle Harris), an athletic tomboy; and eight-year-old game show addict Walter (Robert Hy Gorman). Mrs. Sturak reveals her true colors the moment Mrs. Crandell departs: an iron-fist-ed, whistle-blowing, no-nonsense disciplinarian. Kenny flees from the house to hang out with his fellow outgoing stoner friends all day, leaving behind Sue Ellen and the rest of his siblings. That evening, Sue Ellen inspires her siblings to rise up against Mrs. Sturak and end her reign of terror. The moment they move in to confront her, however, they discover Mrs. Sturak in her chair in her room... dead of a heart attack while in her sleep. The five Crandell children panic and debate calling the police, or their mother in Australia, but Sue Ellen realizes that doing so jeopardizes any chance for summer fun for their mother will no doubt return and unfairly blame them for Mrs. Sturak's death. They finally decide to seal Mrs. Sturak's body in a trunk, and drop it off anonymously at the local morgue with a note reading: "Nice old lady inside. Died of natural causes." The next morning, more panic ensues when, while taking Mrs. Sturak's car for a food shopping trip, the kids realize that all the cash their mother left them for the summer was in an envelope that Mrs. Sturak kept on her at all times. After returning to the house, Sue Ellen and the rest of the Crandells tear apart Mrs. Sturak's room as well as look into her purse and suitcase that she left behind, but the money is gone... having been taken by the old woman. The Crandell kids now have no money for the next two months of the summer, but Sue Ellen decides all she needs is a job. Unfortunately, the only place that hires her is Clown Dog, a fast-food restaurant, where she performs grunt labor in miserable conditions. Despite meeting Bryan (Josh Charles), a handsome and supportive co-worker who becomes her boyfriend, Sue Ellen quickly gets fed up with the obnoxious Clown Dog manager and quits. Sue Ellen then forges the resume of a mid-level fashion executive and poses as a 28-year-old as she applies at General Apparel West, a downtown L.A. clothing manufacturer, for an open receptionist position. Although scorned by Carolyn (Jayne Brook), the rude and sarcastic receptionist due for a promotion, Sue Ellen's resume garners the attention of Rose Lindsey (Joanna Cassidy), the senior vice president of operations at GAW, who offers an executive administrative assistant position to her. While out at a Chuck E Cheese restaurant that evening to celebrate Sue Ellen's new job, she, Kenny, Zach, Melissa and Walter find themselves stranded in a parking lot of the shopping center when Mrs. Sturak's car is stolen by a trio of drag queens. Sue Ellen is forced to call Bryan to give her and her brothers and sister a ride back to their home. Afterwords, Bryan invites Sue Ellen out on a date and she accepts. Overt the next several weeks, Sue Ellen drives to work in her mother's Volvo car, and struggles to keep the truth about her double life hidden from Bryan and GAW. But things become more complicated after Sue Ellen learns that Bryan is the younger brother of Carolyn, the receptionist who quickly sees through Sue Ellen's charade. Carolyn soon teams up with her equally cynical and sneaky boyfriend Bruce (David Douchney) to try to prove that sue Sue Ellen is a phony to the skeptic Rose. Also complicating things is Rose's businessman boyfriend Gus, who makes inappropriate and sexual advances at Sue Ellen, who brushes it off, but Gus refuses to take no for an answer, and Sue Ellen is afraid to say anything about the lecherous Gus' advances out of fear her secret will be discovered. After learning about office money called petty cash, Sue Ellen "borrows" enough for groceries. She convinces herself that she will be able to pay back the money she stole, but on her first payday, she sees that her paycheck is only $730, for nearly half of her pay is taken away for taxes and her siblings used even more petty cash, totaling over $3,000, to purchase non-returnable items such as Zach purchasing a huge stereo TV and sound set. Another few days later, Sue Ellen's distress is further compounded with bad news from Rose: the company is going under because GAW's dowdy fashions aren't selling amid their buyers, and soon all of them will be out of a job. In a moment of epiphany, Sue Ellen goes out on a limb for GAW by designing high-end fashions on her own for GAW. She convinces Rose and the other senior staff members that her hip clothes could pull GAW back out of bankruptcy. Rose is impressed and wants to hold a gala event-type show to reveal GAW's new fashion line to their buyers. Realizing there isn't enough petty cash to rent a hall, Sue Ellen convinces Rose to hold the fashion show at the Crandell house in the Valley. Working together with her siblings and friends, they use the remaining petty cash to spruce up the house and host the event themselves. The evening goes off swimmingly, with the audience loving the new GAW clothing line. Right at the show's finale, however, Bryan shows up unexpectedly, quickly followed by a furious Mrs. Crandell, back early from Australia (having not heard from the kids over their refusal to take her phone calls). Overwhelmed by her lies, Sue Ellen announces the truth to everyone and apologizes to Rose, but Rose assures her that the buyers loved the new fashions and don't care about Sue Ellen's personal life. With GAW's future secured, Rose gladly offers the "real" Sue Ellen another position at GAW, but Sue Ellen declines in favor of pursuing college first. With the party ended and the guests departing, Mrs. Crandell begins to lose her temper as always, but is quickly calmed down by a now more-mature Sue Ellen, as well as the suttle Kenny, Zack, Melissa and Walter. Mom walks around the house, impressed and suspicious by the cleanliness, expensive new furnishings, and the behavioral turn-around of all her children. As Sue Ellen and Bryan embrace and kiss, Mrs. Crandell asks about the whereabouts of Mrs. Sturak. The end credits then begin to roll as the film cuts to a scene at the local cemetery, where the two morgue attendants are visiting Mrs. Sturak's grave and place a bouquet of flowers on it. Here, we finally learn what happened to the missing money that Mrs. Crandell left Sue Ellen and her siblings. As expected, the cash was taken by Mrs. Sturak and she kept it hidden in her clothing to keep it away from the Crandell children. It was discovered by the two morgue workers while they were preparing her for burial and they ended up squandering all of it over the course of this movie by making weekend gambling trips to Las Vegas. The final shot shows Mrs. Sturak's tombstone which simply reads: "Nice Old Lady. Died Of Natural Causes." 
 Married... with Children (19871997)Summaries Al Bundy is an unsuccessful middle-aged shoe salesman with a miserable life and an equally dysfunctional family. He has a very attractive but lazy wife named Peggy who constantly nags him to death while throwing the little money he earns away on herself. He also has a very promiscuous teen-aged daughter named Kelly who makes up in attractiveness what she lacks in IQ points, and a not-so-attractive but bright teen-aged son named Bud who seems to think he is a ladies' man. To add to Al's misery is his yuppie next-door neighbors Marcy and Steve. They eventually split up with Marcy keeping the house next door to the Bundys and Steve moving away to be a forest ranger. Later, Marcy gets remarried to a gigolo named Jefferson, who is the male version of Peggy. The sitcom revolves around Al's never-ending attempts to better his life which always lead him right back to where he started. Brandon Johns It looks like we don't have a for this title yet. Be the first to contribute! Just click the "page" button at the bottom of the page or learn more in the submission guide . 
 Bad Moms (2016)651) When three overworked and under-appreciated moms are pushed beyond their limits, they ditch their conventional responsibilities for a jolt of long overdue freedom, fun and comedic self-indulgence. Amy has a seemingly perfect life - a great marriage, over-achieving kids, a beautiful home and a career. However, she's overworked, over-committed and exhausted to the point that she's about to snap. Fed up, she joins forces with two other over-stressed moms on a quest to liberate themselves from conventional responsibilities - going on a wild, un-mom-like binge of long overdue freedom, fun and self-indulgence - putting them on a collision course with PTA Queen Bee Gwendolyn and her clique of devoted perfect moms. STX Entertainment.com Amy is a hard-working mom. Between caring for her two children, shuttling them to activities and having to pick up the slack for her lazy husband, she works at a company filled with millennials who have no work ethic or clue about her life. Even more unproductive is all the nonsense she has to endure just to be a "good mom". In particular, PTA meetings and other PTA functions. This leaves her no time for relaxation or just to be herself. One day she rebels against the system and decides to let go, ditching all the unnecessary bs in her life. This gains her some friends among the other moms - two in particular, Carla and Kiki - but pits her against the President of the PTA, Gwendolyn James, who is a nasty piece of work. grantss With her most important job being a mother, the underpaid and overworked Chicago coffee company representative, Amy Mitchell, is struggling to juggle work, parenting, a strained relationship with her husband, and two kids. On the go and always in a rush, the suburban mum will eventually snap at president Gwendolyn's PTA meeting, taking the decision of rebelling against an unfair system and the distressing expectations of a near-perfect motherhood. As a result, two new friends will become indispensable in Amy's life--the stressed-out moms, Kiki and Carla--who have also decided to embrace being "bad" moms and live a little, far away from rules and obligations. But with the diva Gwendolyn watching them like a hawk, will the girls make a stand against all forms of oppression? Nick Riganas Amy Mitchell (Mila Kunis) is a married woman in the Chicago suburbs with two children, Jane (Oona Laurence) and Dylan (Emjay Anthony), who feels overworked and over-committed. She works as a sales rep for a "hip" coffee company, prepares healthful, hand-packed lunches for her children, does most of their homework, goes to all of their extracurricular activities, and is active in her school's PTA, run by the domineering Gwendolyn James (Christina Applegate) and her cronies, Stacy (Jada Pinkett Smith) and Vicky (Annie Mumolo). When she catches her husband Mike (David Walton) cheating on her with a cam-girl, Amy kicks him out and attempts to keep everything together.. Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. Set in the Chicago suburbs, Amy Mitchell (Mila Kunis) is an overworked 30-year-old mother of two. Between caring for her kids Dylan (Emjay Anthony) and Jane (Oona Laurence), doing her job, going to PTA meetings, and just handling a bunch of things all at once, she barely has time for herself and is rarely rewarded with gratitude. The PTA is run by "perfect mom" Gwendolyn James (Christina Applegate), who is always followed by her two lackeys Stacy (Jada Pinkett-Smith) and Vicky (Annie Mumolo). Gwendolyn is always getting Amy to go to PTA meetings even though they are ridiculous. Gwendolyn is clearly overbearing and mentally crazy as she verbally pushes around Stacy and Vicky as well as talks degrading things about the other ladies who drop off their children at the school behind their backs. Amy's job is mostly part-time at a coffee company, and her boss Dale (Clark Duke) is an idiot, while her other co-workers are lazy millenials. During dinner, Jane freaks out about the postings for the soccer team that night, which in turn makes Amy freak out. The two go online and see that Jane made the team, and they get excited. Moments later, Amy walks into her man-child husband Mike's (David Walton) office to find him jerking off. She thinks it's porn and doesn't care at first until the naked woman named Sharon (Leah McKendrick) on-screen turns out to be someone on a webcam. When Amy asks how long this has been going on, Sharon says about ten months, and Mike admits he developed feelings for the woman. Amy kicks Mike out of the house. The next day, the family's dog Roscoe isn't feeling well, so Amy has to take him with her as she drops the kids off at school. Gwendolyn startles her, making her spill coffee on herself. She asks Amy to attend a PTA meeting that afternoon regarding a bake sale. Amy heads off to the vet and is told she has to carry the dog all day since he has vertigo. This makes Amy miss an important meeting at work. She is then late to pick up Dylan and Jane from school, and Jane is late for her first day of soccer practice. They head over, and Amy accidentally hits a bus, knocking off her side mirror. As Amy tries to explain herself to the coach, a kid slides down the field and knocks Amy down. That evening, the disheveled Amy begrudgingly attends the PTA meeting with the other moms. Gwendolyn restricts the moms from bringing anything to the bake sale that contains basically any ingredient used in a baked good. When she assigns Amy the job of weeding out the bad ingredients, Amy puts her foot down and states what a hectic day she's had, and how she is tired of all the nonsense, so she quits the PTA. Later, Amy goes to a bar and meets two other moms, stay-at-home Kiki (Kristen Bell) and always-horny and irresponsible Carla (Kathryn Hahn). They both praise Amy for saying what they've always been too afraid to say. The three of them have drinks and discuss the hardships of motherhood. They decide that instead of being role model moms, they want to be "bad moms" that do whatever the hell they want to do. They start by going to the supermarket and making a mess by eating whatever they want and making a chocolate milk martini. The next morning, Amy wakes up disheveled and doesn't bother to make the kids breakfast. She takes them to school in Mike's red sports car and then has a nice quiet breakfast by herself like she's fantasized, blowing off work. When Dale calls her on speakerphone, she lets her co-workers know what a crappy boss he is. Amy meets up with Kiki and Carla to go to the movies. They get food afterwards, where Kiki's husband Kent (Lyle Brocato) appears and essentially makes her ditch her friends and return home to watch their four kids, which puts off Amy and Carla. The school holds its bake sale, and Amy just brings store-bought doughnut holes. She's approached by the handsome widowed father Jessie (Jay Hernandez), who shows interest in Amy. Gwendolyn comes over and smacks the box off the table, threatening to bring Amy down for messing with her organized bake sale. She storms off and knocks another mom's cupcakes over. Another day later, Amy is taking Jane to a Mandarin class, but since she doesn't like it, Amy instead treats Jane to a spa day at the place where Carla works since she could sneak them in. Amy accidentally lets it slip that she and Mike are splitting up, which upsets Jane, but Amy tries to comfort her. That night, Amy decides she wants to get laid since she's only ever had sex with Mike, and that hasn't been in years. Kiki and Carla pick out a sexy dress for Amy while also making fun of her "mom bra". The ladies go out to a bar, but every guy that Amy comes across gets put off by her acting too much like a mom and talking about being a mom. Jessie and his buddies show up, leaving him and Amy to sit and talk together. Jessie talks about how he's noticed what a good job Amy does with her kids, leading to them making out. Meanwhile, Gwendolyn forces the soccer coach to bench Jane to get back at Amy. When Amy finds out it was Gwendolyn, she confronts her and challenges her to become the new head of the PTA. With Kiki and Carla's help, they spread word to the other moms about Amy running for the position. One day, Dylan complains to Amy about her not finishing his school project for him and for not making breakfast anymore. She tells him that he's become entitled and that he'll grow up to be rotten if he keeps it up, so he can be influenced to change. Amy, Kiki, and Carla hold a party at Amy's house for the moms to get them to vote for her. Only one mom shows up, and that's just because Carla threatened to bang her husband. The other moms are at Gwendolyn's posh party since she hired Martha Stewart. However, Gwendolyn bores the other moms by suggesting they have year-round school. The mom at Amy's party texts the other moms, and everyone leaves to go to her house. They end up having way more fun, and Martha even heads over with jello shots. Every woman there drinks, goofs off, and acts crazy. Carla gets so drunk that she makes out with a few single mothers. Gwendolyn, Stacy, and Vicky go over to Amy's house to watch her give a speech on doing less instead of overworking themselves and their kids. The moms cheer for Amy, but Gwendolyn decides it's time to fight back. She and her cohorts sneak into the school at night and slip something into a locker. After the party, Jessie shows up to Amy's house after getting a "disturbing" text message written by Carla. The two end up having sex. The next day, Amy gets a surprise when Mike returns home and claims that he wants to work things out. She wants him to go to therapy with her, which he dreads. The two end up going and meeting with Dr. Karl (Wanda Sykes). When she makes Amy and Mike role-play as each other, their true feelings come out, in which Mike says Amy is a perfectionist and Amy says that Mike is immature and good for nothing, and the two of them just aren't in love anymore. Dr. Karl realizes their marriage can't be fixed and suggests they divorce immediately. The two leave, but they apologize to each other and part on better terms. Amy gets a phone call from Principal Burr (Wendell Pierce), who asks her to go to the school. A bag of joints was found in Jane's locker, and Burr was apparently tipped off by a concerned parent. Amy knows it was Gwendolyn, but Burr still kicks Jane off the soccer team and suspends her from school. Jane runs out in tears, and Amy follows. Jane tells her that she's become selfish and has neglected her parental duties in favor of hanging out with her new friends. Jane and Dylan (and the dog) end up staying with Mike for a little bit. To top it all off, Amy gets fired for not showing up to work lately. This leaves Amy alone and despaired. The night of the PTA elections arrives. Gwendolyn gives a long speech, leaving Kiki and Carla to go to Amy's house, where she is miserably watching a movie. The two inspire her to get up on her feet and get back at Gwendolyn for hurting Jane. They drive off to the school in a wild ride in Mike's sports car. During the hectic drive, Kiki gets a call from Kent, who is left alone with the kids. He demands that she come home, but she finally stands up for herself and tells him it's his turn to deal with the kids. Amy and Carla are very proud. The ladies arrive just as it's Amy's turn to give a speech. She is unprepared, but she goes up to give an improvised speech. Amy admits that she is not a perfect mom, and that being a mom in this day and age is impossible. The other moms relate and applaud her honesty. It inspires other moms to stand up and express their true sentiments over their day-to-day responsibilities. The moms all cheer for Amy, while Gwendolyn leaves, knowing she is defeated. Amy wins the election and celebrates with her friends. She then sees Gwendolyn crying in her car. Amy approaches her and talks to her. Gwendolyn admits that her life is anything but perfect, and how it's taken a huge toll on her. Gwendolyn claims that her husband was arrested a few weeks earlier for embezzlement, and her cousin has joined ISIS in the Middle East, and her three children hate her for her perfectionism. She apologizes to Amy for what she did to Jane, and Amy forgives her. Another few days later, the kids return to Amy's house. Jane is back on the soccer team, and she thanks her mom and apologizes for acting out on her. Dylan surprises Amy by making her a frittata for breakfast. Amy drives the kids to school and gets a call from Dale, who begs her to come back to work since the place is falling apart without her. Amy agrees to come back on the condition that she gets paid double and that her work schedule becomes more flexible. Amy drops the kids off and meets with Kiki and Carla. As they decide on what they should do that day, Gwendolyn pulls up in her car and invites the ladies to join her. They decide to take Gwendolyn's husband's private jet to wherever they want to go. During the end credits, we see the main cast of Mila Kunis, Kristen Bell, Kathryn Hahn, Christina Applegate, Jada Pinkett-Smith, and Annie Mumolo with their real-life mothers all discussing their lives as mothers and daughters back then and today, and how much they all love each other. 