nm0004410:

 Crank (2006)431) Professional assassin Chev Chelios learns his rival has injected him with a poison that will kill him if his heart rate drops. Poisoned by the potent and deadly mix of synthetic drugs called "The Beijing Cocktail" for getting in the way of the Triads, the tough-as-nails British hitman living in Los Angeles, Chev Chelios, wakes up with a terrible headache. With less than an hour to live, Chev will have to use all the help he can get from his doctor, and use every trick in the book, to consistently keep his heart rate up so that the adrenaline in his bloodstream staves off the effects of the deadly toxin. Now, his heart is pounding faster than any other human being, and as Chelios darts across the city's streets in search of an antidote and the arrogant criminal, Ricky Verona, to exact his revenge, he finds himself compelled to pick fights with no-nonsense drug dealers, murderous assassins, and an army of thugs. But, can Chelios stay alive long enough to protect those he loves, and make it through the day? Nick Riganas Chev Chelios is a professional assassin working for the West Coast crime syndicate. Chev's girlfriend Eve doesn't know what Chev does and Chev is planning to quit the crime syndicate so he can spend more time with her. But for Chev, things about to get very bad, when he learns he has been injected with a poison by his rival Verona, which will kill him if his heart rate drops. Trying to stay alive and seeking help from friend, Kaylo and Doc Miles, to keep his heart pumping. Chev sets out to find answers as well as protecting Eve, and get his revenge on those who have betrayed him before the poison kills him. Daniel Williamson Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The plot revolves around Carlito (Carlos Sanz), who leads a wealthy and influential Mexican-American crime syndicate in Los Angeles. Worried about the encroachment of a group of heavily-armed members of the Chinese mafia, Carlito orders the contract killing of their leader, Don Kim (Keone Young). Carlito's best hitman, a British man called Chev Chelios (Jason Statham), is ordered to do the job. However Carlito underestimated the Chinese and after the hit, the anger of the Chinese is much greater than Carlito expected. Carlito regrets the hit, deeming it "ill-advised", and to ease the pressure Carlito offers the Chinese an explanation and a solution: the hit was nothing to do with him, and Carlito will remove certain elements within his own organization who were responsible and operating on their own. Ricky Verona (Jose Pablo Cantillo), a small time criminal and long-time rival of Chelios, uses the opportunity to conspire with Carlito against Chelios, unknown to Chelios who believes Carlito is still loyal to him. While Chelios sleeps in his apartment one night, Verona breaks in and injects Chelios with the "Beijing Cocktail". This is a synthetic drug which inhibits the flow of adrenaline from the adrenal glands, slowing the heart, and eventually killing the victim. Chelios wakes to find a recorded video explaining that Chelios should only have about an hour left before the poison stops his heart. Chelios phones Doc Miles (Dwight Yoakam) who often works as a personal physician to the Mafia, who informs Chelios that in order to survive and keep his heart beating he must keep his adrenaline pumping through constant excitement and danger, or get some artificial adrenaline, epinephrine. With his own adrenaline keeping the poison at bay at first, Chelios breaks into a hospital and steals numerous drugs, much more than Doc Miles advises him to take and also being "juiced" by hits from a defibrilator. He must keep his adrenaline up through reckless and dangerous acts such as picking fights with other gangsters, stealing things, committing robberies, fighting with police and driving cars through shopping malls. The entire film takes place in a single day. Over the course of the day Chelios sets out to get his revenge on Verona, knowing that he probably will not make it to the end of the day, and attempting to find Verona and his street gang through Chelios' street contact Kaylo (Efren Ramirez), a flamboyant homosexual. Chelios also goes to pick up his girlfriend Eve (Amy Smart) before Verona's thugs get to her. Chelios has sex with Eve in the middle of a busy street in Chinatown while hundreds of people look on, in order to keep his adrenaline up. In the end it is revealed that Chelios spared Don Kim's life and told him to leave LA. Towards the end of the film, Chelios arranges a rooftop meeting with Carlito, Verona and their henchmen, who promise him a fake antidote. Don Kim arrives along with his Triads to assist Chelios, and in a shootout many of Carlito's men are killed. Carlito is killed by an ambitious and treacherous Verona, who then attempts to leave in Carlito's helicopter. The film concludes with Chelios confronting Verona in the helicopter and as they fight the pair fall from the chopper thousands of feet above LA, and mid-flight Chelios breaks Verona's neck. He then calls Eve on his cell phone, apologizing that he will not be coming back to her. Chelios hits a car, bounces off it and lands right in front of the camera. In the last shot it is implied that his adrenaline is indeed still flowing fast; his nostrils flare, he blinks, and two heartbeats are heard. 
 Gamer (2009)321) In a future mind-controlling game, death row convicts are forced to battle in a 'Doom'-type environment. Convict Kable, controlled by Simon, a skilled teenage gamer, must survive thirty sessions in order to be set free. Ken Castle is extremely rich, popular, and powerful since he invented and started exploiting the virtual online parallel reality games. In these games, people can either pay to be a user or get paid to be an 'actor' in a system of mind-control. In the ultimate version, Slayers, death row convicts act as gladiators in a desperate dim bid for survival, which no one has achieved yet. The champion, John 'Kable' Tillman, is scheduled to die just before he'd gain release, but he persuades his teenage 'handler' to hand over the reins so he can fully use his talents and experience. Kable escapes to freedom, but Castle's men chase him. Kable has to fight his way back to Castle's headquarters to challenge his hidden evil plans. KGF Vissers Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film begins some years in the future from this exact moment. We see ads everywhere (buildings, walls, bus stops, e.t.c) for the hit game Slayers, and how the star character Kable ( Gerard Butler ) has four battles left before he earns his freedom. We are then shown a battle in progress: a massive shootout inside a factory. Everyone in the game is controlled by players elsewhere. Characters get points for each kill and for saving a teammate. Some characters are shown to be doing menial tasks in the battlefield, seemingly unaware of all the violence around them. 17-year-old Simon ( Logan Lerman ) plays/controls Kable and leads him around the factory. After slaughtering most everyone in his way, Kable gets blasted outside of the factory. Kable manages to run to the safe point to win the battle. Afterward, the surviving characters are transported elsewhere. The other characters congratulate Kable on winning, since he now only has three battles left until freedom. Some of the other characters don't believe that anyone will be released from the game. The producer ( Michael Weston ) and Chief of Staff, Bob, ( John de Lancie ) for the Gina Parker Smith Show discuss their next guest for the show - genius recluse Ken Castle, the creator of Slayers. On the show, Gina ( Kyra Sedgwick ) talks about the achievements of Ken Castle ( Michael C. Hall ). He first created a game called Society, which is basically a Sims game but instead of controlling a fake character, the players control a real person and can make them do whatever they want. You can pay to control someone else, or you can get paid to be controlled. Society quickly became extremely popular and profitable, making Castle the richest person in the universe. Nine months ago Castle created Slayers, a controversial game which is supported by the federal government. Castle defends Slayers by stating that each character in the game, though they are real people, are all death row inmates who chose to sign up for the game instead of doing their prison sentence. If a convict can stay alive for thirty battles, they will be set free (though no one has ever survived that long). Some convicts are sent into battlefields with pre-engineered actions to do, and will be set free if they survive just one battle, but are unable to defend themselves (which makes their death rate extremely high). Also, the games are all televised on pay-per-view. Everyone in Slayers and Society has had nano-cells implanted into their brains, which makes it possible for them to be controlled by someone else. They can only be controlled in the perimeter of the game (meaning after the game is over, they get their control back). After the show is over, the signal is hacked into by Humanz, a resistance group. The Humanz Brother ( Ludacris ) condemns Castle and states that eventually we will all be his slaves if we continue down this road. Castle gets a kick out of it and has his men try to locate where the signal came from. In prison, a convict beats a guard to death and tries to escape but in the end, he fails. Kable sits by himself and thinks about his family. Freek ( John Leguizamo ) sits next to Kable. He talks about how Kable spooks everyone else when he sits by himself and is constantly thinking. He can't believe that Kable only has three battles left. Freek asks him why he's in prison. Kable has a quick flashback of a man bleeding in a room. Later on, while sitting in his cell, someone opens the slot of the door and hands Kable a picture of his wife and child. The female voice on the other side knows that his family is the only thing he fights for. She makes Kable sign an autograph for her son, David, and then takes a blood sample from his hand as proof of authenticity to increase the value of the autograph. Elsewhere, we see Kable's wife Angie ( Amber Valletta ) going to work as a character in Society. Practically all the game characters are dressed in ridiculous and skimpy costumes. Angie is controlled by an obese man named Gorge ( Ramsey Moore ). Gorge makes Angie talk to a male character who is wearing a pig nose. The male character licks and gropes Angie while her attention is to a banner across the street for Kable. Suddenly, Society is hacked into by Humanz who continue to condemn Castle. Castle watches a news report about how the hacking shut down the game for a little while and will cost him billions of dollars. Castle shrugs it off, since the money is just chump change to him. Elsewhere, the convicts for Slayers are being transported to the next battlefield. Sandra ( Zo Bell ) introduces herself to Kable. The guards don't allow the convicts to talk, and so Sandra is beaten. The convicts run out to the battlefield (a city in ruins) armed with machine guns and bullet proof vests. The game begins and the guns are turned on. A massive shootout ensues with people being blown up, shot to death, set on fire, hit by trucks, etc. Kable sees a female convict pre-engineered to walk in the street as the battle goes on and trucks are driving all over the place. Simon has Kable save the convict from being run over, but she just winds up getting hit by another truck. Sandra saves Kable from being killed, but has her head blown off moments later. Simon has Kable fight through the brutality and win the battle. People all around the world cheer Kable's victory. During transport, one of the surviving convicts freaks out, wanting to get out. He wonders who exactly is controlling them during the battles. We see that Simon is a spoiled rich kid with the latest technology at his fingertips. Simon makes himself a sandwich and buys an ammo upgrade for Kable with all the points he won from the game. Simon talks with a variety of girls via instant message. A pair of twins flash their breasts to him and offer money in exchange for playing Kable. Simon refuses. His feed is hacked by Humanz, who show Simon footage of Kable shooting a man in the head in a room. A voice tells Simon that if he wants to talk to Kable, they can show him how. Meanwhile, Castle readies to introduce Hackman ( Terry Crews ) to Slayers. Castle of course has no intention of releasing Kable if he wins two more battles, and so he's purposefully placing Hackman in the game to eliminate Kable. No one will be controlling Hackman, allowing him free reign. A convict, fed up with being controlled, tries to rip the nano-cells form his brain but dies in the process. Freek sees Hackman and tells Kable that he killed a group of people but turned himself in to get in prison. Kable is brought outside for target practice with his upgraded ammo. Kable talks to a guard about being controlled. He doesn't like it, since there's a delay with each control from the player to the character. Later on, Hackman confronts Kable in the locker room with bloody hands. Hackman just killed someone and promises to kill Kable and his family. For the next battle, Kable suddenly hears Simon talking to him in his head. It's supposed to be impossible for gamers to talk to cons. Simon has fun talking to Kable while the battle ensues. Explosions sound off and motorcyclists race through the battlefield. Kable sees that Freek has been pre-engineered to sweep the ground. Freek winds up being caught in the crossfire and is shot to death. Simon remains desensitized and indifferent towards everyone dying, even though Kable reminds him that they're all real people. Simon has Kable search an abandoned parking garage. Kable exits and wants to go further, but Simon warns him that they're near the perimeter of the game. A rocket is fired at Kable to make him back away from the perimeter. Hackman pops up and attacks Kable. He's about to shoot Kable, but the game runs out of time and the gun shuts down. As the guards take Hackman away, Kable tells Simon that if he wants to win, he needs to turn him loose. Angie tries to apply to get her daughter back, but the caseworker ( Sam Witwer ) laughs in her face. With Kable being a convicted murderer and Angie working in Society, he asks if their daughter would really be better off with them. She says yes, but he pretty much denies her application, since the daughter has been relocated to a wealthy family. While Simon buys Kable upgraded armor, his feed is hacked into by Humanz. The Humanz Brother urges Simon to listen to Kable and set him loose. He knows that Castle will not allow Kable to survive. Simon knows that if he were to let Kable control himself, it would be cheating. However, Brother is able to convince Simon to help Kable. In his cell, Kable is approached by the same woman who took his autograph/blood. She tells him that Simon will grant him control of himself, and that he needs to escape his final battle if he ever wants to see his family again. Kable tells the voice that he needs to be drunk. While suiting up for his final battle, Kable finds a bottle of vodka in his vest. He downs the entire bottle before running outside with the other convicts. Kable, drunk, stumbles around the battlefield while Simon unhappily watches. He tells Kable to pull himself together if he wants to survive. Kable goes to the parking garage and forces himself to vomit in an ethanol gas tank of a truck. He then pisses in the tank and is able to start the truck. Before he can drive away, Hackman hangs onto the side of the truck. Kable beats Hackman and makes him crash into a pillar. Kable is pursued by guards in trucks. He manages to kill them and cause them to crash into each other. Kable crashes through the perimeter and runs from the truck just before a rocket is fired at him, blasting him away. The broadcast of the game stops and everyone assumes that Kable is dead. Gina doesn't believe it though and knows that Kable will try to reach Angie. While Angie is controlled by Gorge in Society, Kable goes to her apartment looking for her. Trace ( Alison Lohman ), a member of Humanz, approaches Kable and reveals herself to be the woman he talked to in prison. She has Kable get on her motorcycle and they drive off to the Humanz headquarters. Kable asks why they took a blood sample from him. They used his blood to crack his specific nano-code, which allowed Simon to talk to him (and for the Humanz to eavesdrop into their conversation). They know that Castle is afraid of Kable being free, and so they helped him escape. They want Kable to help them bring Castle down before he makes everyone his slave, but Kable isn't interested. Brother mentions that they know where Angie is. Gina has already located her and follows her in Society. Gorge makes Angie go to a bar where she meets the extremely horny Rick Rape ( Milo Ventimiglia ), who is a previously banned character. They go to a hotel, where he can't keep his hands off her. When they get to their room, Gorge has Angie bend down so that she can have sex with Rick. Angie clearly doesn't want to do it, but has no choice. Before Rick can violate her, Kable shows up and breaks Rick's back, killing him. Kable orders Gorge to let go of his control, but he can't and continues to talk through Angie. Kable goes to the elevator to leave with her when Hackman shows up. He shoots Kable in the chest, blasting him into the other room where characters are engaged in all kinds of S&M. Hackman takes Angie and gets in the elevator. Kable, still wearing his body armor, gets up and races downstairs. Two Society characters get in the elevator and make out. Gorge tells Hackman to kill the other characters, which he happily does. Gorge gets off on the violence while Angie is afraid. When the elevator opens, Kable grabs Hackman and fights him. He winds up grabbing a gun and blows off Hackman's foot. Castle's guards show up and engage Kable in a shootout. Kable asks Gorge where to go, and he has Angie lead him to a rave filled with Society characters. The guards follow and get in another shootout with Kable. A couple of Society characters are killed in the crossfire. They run outside, where Gina pulls up in her van. She tells Kable that she'll help him, and so they get in. Meanwhile, Simon is interrogated by Agent Keith ( Keith David ). Keith tells Simon that the authorities are going through his computer and all his files. He wants Simon to tell him how Kable managed to escape from Slayers. Gina drives to the Humanz headquarters, where they help Angie. They can't take the nano-cells out of her, since they are fully integrated in her brain. However, they inject her with something that will help stop her from being controlled. Brother tells Kable that Castle first tested the nanotechnology on two military subjects Kable and Scotch ( Johnny Whitworth ). Some weeks later Scotch was dead, Kable was in prison, and the project was shut down. The same technology was seen again later on when Castle came out with Society. Brother wants to know what happened during the project, since Castle wanted everything associated with it buried. Castle's goons go to Gorge's apartment claiming to be tech support. Meanwhile, the Humanz examine Kable's memories. During the project, Kable entered a room with Scotch. Kable pulled out a gun and aimed it at Scotch. Kable tried to control himself but couldn't. Castle, manipulating Kable, made him kill Scotch. Angie wakes up and reunites with Kable. She tells him that she tried to stop the government from taking their girl but failed. Trace tells them that the Humanz found out that Castle adopted their daughter. Kable, full of rage, leaves to get his daughter back. Gina runs after him, but he tells her to leave him alone. Gina sees Castle's henchmen arriving and infiltrating the Humanz headquarters. Simon is released from custody after questioning. He goes back home and finds a bombardment of hate mail. Castle knows that Kable will come to him. Kable enters Castle's mansion and sees his daughter sitting in a room. He runs over to her but can't enter the room. It turns out to be a simulation projected on a screen. Castle tells Kable that it's his latest invention. Kable finds Castle controlling several other people and doing an elaborate song/dance number. Kable fights and kills all the henchmen. Kable gets his hands on Castle, but he threatens his daughter. He reveals that he located the Humanz headquarters and slaughtered everyone. He also reveals that he implanted the nano-cells into his own brain years ago. While everyone else is set to receive, his are set to transmit. He can control anyone by thought alone. His plan is to control everyone in the world and make them do whatever he wants. Castle leads Kable to a basketball court, where Hackman is shooting hoops with his new foot. Castle controls Hackman and makes him attack Kable with a knife. Kable brutally beats him (including breaking his arm) and snaps his neck twice to kill him. Kable grabs the knife and tries to use it on Castle, but he controls Kable to stop. Meanwhile, we see that Trace survived the Humanz slaughter. She and Gina broadcast Kable's nano-code to the world, giving a live feed of what he sees. Castle makes Kable slice his leg with the knife. He then takes off his shirt and beats Kable while the world watches. Castle has his goons bring in Angie and her daughter. Castle controls Kable and tries to have him kill his daughter with the knife. Kable suddenly slams the knife into the floor, picks it up, and tries to use it on Castle. Simon has regained control of Kable's body. As they fight for control over the knife, Castle boasts "I think it, you do it!". Kable tells him to think about getting stabbed in the gut. Since Castle thinks about it, Kable is able to stab Castle and kill him. The world cheers Castle's demise. Kable has Castle's technicians turn off the nano-cells, making them free. The film ends with Kable, Angie, and their daughter driving off into the unknown, but free. 
 Crank: High Voltage (2009)431) Chelios faces a Chinese mobster who has stolen his nearly indestructible heart and replaced it with a battery-powered ticker which requires regular jolts of electricity to keep working. Chev Chelios survives a fall from the sky, sort of. He's in an unknown location, sedated, while various Chinese are harvesting his organs. His heart is gone, in an ice chest; a temporary in its place. Chev escapes, knowing only the name of the guy with the ice chest. He calls Doc Miles, an unlicensed cardiologist, who tells him there's only an hour's life in the artificial heart: keep it charged. Chev needs to find his own heart and get to Doc for a transplant. He starts his time-limited pursuit of shadowy figures, the ice chest, and his heart aided by Eve, Rei, and Venus - a stripper, a prostitute, and a pal with Tourette's - constantly needing an electric charge to keep going. <jhailey@hotmail.com> Some believe that, when you've stared death in the face, everything after that is easy. However, after his high-octane experience in Crank (2006) , the indestructible British assassin, Chev Chelios, finds himself neck-deep in trouble, and one heart short. This time, with his ticker removed and replaced with a temporary, battery-powered artificial heart, once again, Chev embarks on a frenzied quest to stay alive, on the hunt for his missing organ and Johnny Vang, a ruthless member of the Chinese Triad in Los Angeles. But, this is a race against time, and as Chelios leaves no stone unturned to find his stolen heart, he must never forget to recharge the device in his chest every so often, to keep himself going. The clock is ticking. Will Chev ever get his heart back? Nick Riganas Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. The film opens with a sequence designed to look like a classic video game, depicting Chev Chelios' (Jason Statham) fall from a helicopter during the final moments of the original Crank. Immediately after his fall, he is scooped off the street via snow shovel by group of Chinese medics and removed from the scene. He wakes up in a makeshift hospital and sees doctors removing his heart while Johnny Vang (Art Hsu) watches. The doctors place Chev's heart in a red cooler with a padlock, and place a clear plastic artificial heart in his chest. Chev passes out. Chev comes to some time later as an Asian woman is taking his temperature (rectally). Two doctors come in and talk about their plans to remove more of Chev's organs, including his penis. Chev beats up the doctors and stands up. He notices a yellow battery pack is attached to him, which he leaves on, and walks down the hall. The other rooms contain prostitutes, and he steals a set of clothes from one of the rooms without the occupants noticing. Outside, he gets in a gunfight and interrogates a thug in order to learn Johnny Vang's name and his location (Cypress Social Club), and then sets off to look for him. On the road, Chev finds a phone in his pocket, and calls Doc Miles (Dwight Yoakam), who tells him that he has been fitted with an AbioCor Artificial heart. Once the external battery pack runs out, the internal battery will kick in and he will have one hour before it stops working. After the call, Chev asks a nearby driver where to find the Cypress Social Club, but crashes his car in the middle of the conversation, destroying his external battery pack. In order to keep going, Chev has the driver use his jumper cables on himself, and runs to the Cypress Social Club. Upon arriving, Chev inadvertently saves a prostitute named Ria (Bai Ling) from an abusive, fat customer. Ria kills the customer and is immediately infatuated with Chev, claiming he Kevin Costner to her Whitney Houston (ala The Bodyguard). Vang escapes (still carrying the red, padlocked cooler) and Chev wants nothing to do with Ria, but she claims to know where Vang is. She takes Chev to Strip Please, where Chev is shocked to find into his old girlfriend Eve Lydon (Amy Smart). Apparently the public sex scene in Crank made her more sexually adventurous, and she thought he was dead (Chev learns that three months have passed, and it is revealed that the telephone message he left her at the end of the first movie was unintelligible due to the wind). In a back room, Vang has been cornered by a group of Mexican gangsters, led by Chico (Joseph Julian Soria), who shows he means business by chopping off a man's elbow. Vang agrees to let them have Chev, and apparently escapes. Chev is confronted by the Mexicans, and a gunfight breaks out. Everyone gets gunned down by Chev, except Chico, who escapes out a back door. Chev interrogates a wounded gangster, who informs him that El Huron (Clifton Collins, Jr.) is trying to kill him, but doesn't know why. Chev picks up Eve and they walk out. Outside, he is met by a group of cops, who begin beating him down. He is weakened, but one of them inadvertently charges Chev by using a taser on him. Chev steals a cop car with Eve and another stripper in the back, who tells Chev that he should look at the Hollywood horse racetrack for Johnny Vang. They encounter a group of porn stars protesting low wages, and Chev is forced to escape, leaving Eve in the back of the cop car. In a nearby park, Chev steals an electric dog collar from a gay couple and uses it to zap himself. Chev is about to be picked up by cops when he is picked up on a motorcycle by Venus (Efren Ramirez), who reveals himself to be Kaylo's brother. He also has Full Body Tourette's Syndrome. At first, Chev tells Venus that everyone responsible for his brother's death is dead, but this prompts Venus to leave. Wanting his help, Chev tells Venus that El Huron was involved but escaped. At the horse tracks, Chev is losing energy. He calls Doc Miles and learns that the heart can be charged through the skin by means of friction. He rubs up on a couple of racetrack patrons (including Chester Bennington, who also had a cameo in the original film, and an old woman), but finally Eve shows up and really helps stimulate Chev. They have sex on the racetrack while the crowd cheers, and Chev is restored to full energy. Chev spots Vang and once again leaves Eve behind (much to the dismay of the crowd) and chases Vang through the parking garage. Vang escapes, however, and Chev is about to be subdued by security when Don Kim, the Chinese gangster who saved Chev's life in the first film, picks Chev up in his limo. Don Kim informs Chev that there is a leader in the Triads named Poon Dong (David Carradine), who was in need of a heart transplant. When he heard of Chev's ability to withstand the Chinese adrenaline poison, he put out an order for Chev's heart. Don Kim then tells Chev that he wishes to return him to Poon Dong for a reward. Upon hearing this, Chev kills all of Don Kim's henchmen, including the limo driver, and shoots Don Kim several times. The limo then crashes, and Chev steals another car. Meanwhile, Eve is arrested, and Venus calls in Orlando (Reno Wilson) to assist in tracking down El Huron. Chico reports his failure to El Huron, who forces Chico to cut off his own nipples. While driving, Chev is cut off by an ambulance. He boards the ambulance and is surprised to see the EMTs are working on Don Kim. He demands a new battery pack for his artificial heart, and the EMT is forced to stop working while he hooks it up. Don Kim dies, and Chev exits the limo upon seeing Johnny Vang on the street outside. Chev hides, but Ria reappears and is hit by a passing car trying to get Chev's attention. Vang tries to escape in a car, but the car drives off without him, and Chev chases Vang to an electric plant, where there is a Godzilla-inspired fight where Chev and Vang (stuntmen with exaggerated, cartoon masks of the actors) fight on a tiny power-plant stage. Upon winning, Chev discovers that Vang's red cooler holds something other than his heart (something Chev claims is terribly offensive, but which is never revealed). Chev calls Doc Miles again, and learns that his heart is already transplanted into Poon Dong, but promises to find him for Chev. Chev goes to ask Johnny Vang, but Johnny Vang is shot and killed by Chico, and they knock Chev unconscious. There is a dream sequence of sorts, showing Chev as a youngster, with his mother (Geri Haliwell) on the Luke Canard show talking about his violent tendencies as a boy. Eve is interrogated by police, but refuses to rat Chev out. Doc Miles uses his assistant Chocolate to lure Poon Dong in, and knocks him out. Chev is awakened by electric shocks to his testicles, and is dragged by speedboat to an island where El Huron awaits. El Huron explains to Chev that he is the third Verona brother, and is very upset that Chev killed Ricky (Jose Pablo Cantillo) and Alex Verona (Jay Xcala). He says he is going to kill Chev, removing his new battery pack, but there is someone who will enjoy watching it, and drags Chev over to a white tent in the pool area, where he reveals Ricky Verona's head, being kept alive in a tank by a group of scientists, speaking in a Steven Hawking-like electronic voice. Chev is whipped for Verona's pleasure, and is about to die when Orlando, Venus, and Ria show up, each with their own group of gunfighters, and chaos breaks out. Venus attempts to take El Huron down with nunchakus. Chev smashes open Verona's tank and kicks his head into a pond when it demands water, but starts to slow down. He climbs an electric pylon nearby and grabs the wires to recharge, but is flung off of it upon contact. Venus is fighting El Huron and is about to lose when Chev reappears, still partially on fire from the electricity. He beats El Huron to death (while still burning), and throws his body in the pond next to Ricky's head. In a hallucinogenic state, Chev then tries to hug Ria (thinking she is Eve) but accidentally sets her on fire as well, and she runs off screaming. His flesh burning and his face melting, Chev walks towards the camera, giving the middle finger to the audience in the final moment of the film. During the first part of the credits, Doc Miles places Chev's heart back in (although we don't see what he does with Poon Dong) while Eve watches (due to the fire, Chev is covered in full-body bandages). At first, it looks like a failure, but after everyone leaves, Chev's eyes open, and his heart is heard beating. 
 Pathology (2008)541) A group of medical students devise a deadly game: to see which one of them can commit the perfect murder. Harvard Medical School graduate Dr. Ted Grey arrives at one of the nations most prestigious Pathology programs and is quickly noticed by the program's privileged and elite band of pathology interns who invite him into their crowd. It is also here, where he is introduced to Dr. Jake Gallo, who brings him to a secluded wing, where he and four other indulge in their after-hours, extra-curricular activities...finding ways to commit the perfect murder! suspicious Medical student Ted Grey graduates at the top of his class and quickly joins an elite pathology program, whose top students invite him into their circle. There he uncovers a gruesome secret: They play a game in which one tries to commit the perfect, undetectable murder, then the others compete to determine the victim's cause of death. yusufpiskin Ted Grey is a brilliant medical student graduated from Harvard with a training period in Lagos, Africa, and a lovely fiance, Gwen Williamson, from a wealthy and influential family. When he joins the Medical Center of the Metropolitan University in the department of Pathology and Forensics, he becomes the pride and joy of his professor Dr. Quentin Morris. However the star of the residence, Jake Gallo, becomes jealous with the newcomer. Nevertheless he invites Ted to participate with four other residents in a deadly game, where each participant must commit the perfect crime without any clue to reveal the "modus-operandi" of the murder, and the others investigate the corpse in the dungeon of the hospital. When Gwen decides to move to Ted's apartment, he decides to leave the group, but he finds resistance. Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil Spoilers The synopsis below may give away important plot points. A group of medical residents studying pathology devise a deadly game: to see which one of them can commit the perfect murder. When med school student Ted Grey (Milo Ventimiglia) graduates top of his class he joins one of the nations most prestigious Pathology programs. With talent and determination, Ted is quickly noticed by the programs privileged and elite band of pathology interns who invite him into their crowd. Intrigued by his new friends he begins to uncover secrets he never expected and finds that he has unknowingly become a pawn in their dangerous and secret after-hours game at the morgue of who can commit the perfect undetectable murder. As Ted becomes seduced into their wild extracurricular activities the danger becomes real and he must stay one step ahead of the game before he is the next victim.[2]. He joins them in their 'game' of sorts, until eventually the group's ring leader (Dr. Jake Gallo) realises Grey is sleeping with his girlfriend (Dr. Juliette Bath) and openly murders people during the secret meetings. When Dr. Ted Grey's fiance arrives to stay with him in his apartment, Gallo, angered by his girlfriend's infidelity kills her for the next game. However, just as they are about to begin the autopsy on Dr. Bath (while plotting Grey's death), Gallo realises that the gas has been left on in the room resulting in a massive explosion as one of the group lights a meth pipe, killing everyone but Grey who was not in the room and Gallo who realizes what's about to happen and survives. Dr. Grey is seen walking away from the explosion. Eventually Dr. Gallo manages to kill Dr. Grey's fiance in what he believes to be the "perfect murder". Upon completing his autopsy report on his murdered fiance, Grey is knocked out by Gallo and then forced to trade verbal barbs with him. Grey uses some of Gallo's own rhetoric against him in reverse psychology fashion, after which a fellow pathologist (Dr. Ben Stravinsky) frees Grey and together they kill Gallo in the exact same way that he killed Grey's fiance (during which in one of the most chilling climaxes; they commence dissecting a still alive Gallo). 